[ Weekly News ]
The deceased is the editor-in-chief and owner of the "Weekly News" magazine,
Oshita Takeo-san (54) President and editor-in-chief of the "Weekly News" magazine.
Ooshita Takeo-san, age 54.
The estimated time of death was approximately 11 o'clock yesterday morning.
It has been 24 hours since the event.
He was killed with a stab wound to the back, right?
Yes.
Judging by the traces of blood left on the floor, the objects on the table...
and also the position of the TV set...
We can conclude that before this happened, Ooshita-san was eating pizza on the sofa while watching TV.
Since yesterday was a holiday, the office was closed.
In other words, we can conclude that the culprit is someone who knew that Ooshita-san would come to work even though it was a holiday.
And this "someone" mentioned must be among these four, right?
The one who found the body was you, right?
Minamisawa Junbei (26) "Weekly News" employee
Yes.
My name is Minamisawa Junbei.
Today, around ten o'clock in the morning, you came to the office and found the president's body.
When you arrived, was the door locked?
Yes, it was.
Was the TV on?
It was off.
In other words...
After killing Ooshita-san, the criminal turned off the TV and locked the door from the outside.
Yes.
The culprit must have the keys to the office.
Speaking of which, Ooshita-san's keys were on the desk.
And only these four possess copies of the key.
I see.
Moreover, each of them has his own motive for murdering Ooshita-san.
Let's start with Higashida Naoya-san.
Higashida-san is responsible for the editing of the magazine.
He has argued several times with Ooshita-san.
The night before the murder, the other three saw them arguing fervently.
Higashida Naoya (32) "Weekly News" employee
But I didn't do it.
It wasn't worth killing him.
Next we have Nishizaki Eiko-san.
The company was founded by his father.
But after it was acquired by Ooshita-san, her father got depressed and as a result passed away.
In short, she could try to take revenge on him.
Correct.
I was waiting for an opportunity to take revenge on him.
But I didn't do it.
If I had done that, I would have made him suffer more!
Nishizaki Eiko (30) Employee of the "Weekly News".
For example, I would use poison.
Kitano Tsuyoshi-san, loves gambling,
so he incurred a huge debt to Ooshita-san.
The victim being that he always demanded the money back.
As the death of Ooshita-san, he would get rid of this debt.
Well, I knew something like that would happen.
Kitano Tsuyoshi (28) Employee of the "Weekly News"
It wasn't that hard to predict.
Besides, Minamisawa-san managed to find evidence of corruption of politicians he was investigating,
but Ooshita-san did not agree to publish his report.
It seems that he and the politician in question had made some kind of deal.
I risked my life to find evidence!
But still...
In other words, people, each of you admits to having a motive,
but still deny the authorship of the crime, right?
What do you think, Mouri-kun?
Inspector...
I already know who is guilty.
What did you say?
Please take a closer look at Ooshita-san's body.
Look at the peculiar arrangement of the index finger...
It is pointing at the murderer!
This is your final message!
And this means that the culprit is...
Kitano Tsuyoshi-san, you!
The proof is the fact that Ooshita-san's finger is pointing north.
Detective Takagi, the arrangement of his finger and the floor resemble a pattern of Amidakuji.
Note: Amidakuji is a Japanese way of drawing lots, you have to follow the vertical and horizontal lines from top to bottom to find the result.
Let's see...
Beer of the North Star...
North Star?
Kitano-san is the culprit?
That's crazy!
You can't accuse someone because of such a bizarre method!
I totally agree.
Even if just before his death, he could notice the case of beer with the North Star brand on it,
and think about using the Amidakuji method,
could he think of leaving his finger pointing like that?
Besides, the boss's finger points to the northeast.
Northeast?
In this case, Higashida-san must be Kitano-san's accomplice.
Are you kidding?
Stop making pathetic deductions!
"Pathetic"?
Really...
This great detective is only famous...
Well, no, but...
How naive you are, Detective Mouri.
A deduction like that will never solve this case.
The schoolgirl detective...
Here's Suzuki Sonoko!
The case of the collegiate detective Suzuki Sonoko
"The collegiate detective, here's Sonoko Suzuki!"
"At this moment, majestic sound effects begin and the spotlight focuses on her..."
"The grand entrance of our heroine - Sonoko!"
How cool, Sonoko-oneesan!
That really does justice to the main character's entrance!
Hey I was in doubt whether to write "Behold the Queen of Deduction, Suzuki Sonoko!"
Hey, hey, neechan...
Is that supposed to be a book?
No!
It's the script for a play!
The sophomores in our high school are going to put on a play in a church to raise money for charity.
And I am writing the script!
I already explained this!
Did you?
She did.
She even mentioned that she stayed on as director and protagonist of the play because of money.
H-Hey...
Don't talk like this is something sinister!
We decided that after everyone discussed it!
Although...
Over here!
Here, here, here, here, here!
Here, here, here, here, here, here!
Here, here, here!
I...
I want to be the protagonist!
I can even write the script and direct the play!
And then they all agreed.
I knew something like that had happened.
But the story is interesting!
At least up to this point!
Isn't it?
The strength of this plot is realism, so I have included the real names of detectives and police officers.
But, obviously, students will act in the roles.
Speaking of which.
My father's character in the story is a bit...
How to say...
It's true that before he became the Sleeping Kogorou, he acts this way, but...
Sorry, sorry...
I will be the protagonist of this story,
so we won't have Sleeping Kogorou this time.
Well, of course!
After all, I won't be in the play!
But is it right to include their names without asking first?
Besides, doing a murder play in a church is kind of strange...
It's all right!
The important thing is that it's a fun play!
Hey, hey...
Anyway, just tell us what happens next!
Ayumi wants to know too!
Sonoko, you can go on.
It's not possible.
I've only done the script so far.
I can't think of how it will end.
So who did Ooshita-san's finger indicate?
I don't know.
Who is the culprit?
Let's say it's Higashida for now!
In any case, I just focused on making a grand entrance for myself!
And I didn't think about anything else.
That's just like you...
But we only have a week before the performance...
That's right!
We still have to memorize the lines, prepare the costumes and the stage, choose the music and the sound effects!
So we have to finish the script today anyway!
Today?
That's right.
That's why I wanted some tips from real detectives, like your father.
My father?
But since he's going to be a supporting player in the play and we haven't told him that yet,
I thought that maybe showing him the script wouldn't be a good thing to do.
That's why I want you to talk to him first, Ran.
But...
Why did you come at all?
Why are you saying this now?
Well, whatever.
The problem is the meaning of the victim's final message.
Is that all?
First of all, there is a problem with the plot.
Why was Detective Mouri at the scene of the crime?
Did Inspector Megure call him?
Or was he by chance passing by and went to see the commotion?
All the suspects have a cardinal point in their names.
But since this is only one piece, I'll let this one go...
How do you intend to show the floor marks to the public?
They won't understand the deduction with only dialogues and this will kill their interest in the play?
Obviously I didn't think of details like that!
That's what I thought...
But the main problem is...
Even if they unravel the deceased's final message...
That would only be circumstantial evidence, not decisive.
Isn't it better to cancel this play before it's too late and have a musical show?
She made a fool of me!
In any case, let's talk to my father first.
I won't tell him that he will be part of the play, nor will he make any strange deductions...
He might give us some good ideas...
Why are you asking me this so suddenly?
I can't think of anything like that...
At least try!
Sonoko's in trouble...
Damn...
I'm not in the mood for this...
How about this?
The finger of the deceased victim points to a line on the floor, resembling the Amidakuji pattern,
and at the end of the path is a beer can.
The brand of beer is "North Star"!
Get it?
North Star!
The "goal is in the north"!
So, the culprit is Kitano.
Thank you...
I'll say that...
Incredible!
It was just like in Sonoko-san's play!
A silly deduction!
My dad hasn't slept today, so...
That's what I thought...
So, should we ask Shinichi?!
He's also in his second year of high school at Teitan College! He needs to help us!
I'm going to the bathroom!
So we want you to help us too!
That's fine...
But I'm a little busy, so I'll call you later.
Bye!
What did Shinichi-niichan say?
He said he'd call later.
Sounds like he's busy.
Can't even Kudou-kun think of anything?
That's not true!
Is that so?
Be quiet.
So, we were talking...
While we're waiting for Shinichi-san's call...
We can also think of something!
É...
I've thought of something!
You're too soft, Uncle!
Even an eel can't be that soft.
Who's there?
The leader of the Young Detectives...
Kojima Genta!
Ooshita-san was not pointing anywhere.
He was trying to symbolize the number "one".
The number "one"?
Hanashida Ichiro, the culprit...
It's you!
Wait a minute!
This is absurd!
Higashida's first name is Naoya!
What's wrong with calling him Ichiro?
Refused!
In that case...
Ooshida-san meant "one" in English,
that is, "one"!
And "one" reminds one of a barking dog!
Do any of you have a dog at home?
I didn't mean that!
Actually, Higashida-san is a puppy!
My head hurts...
Now it's my turn!
The reason why Ooshita-san extended his finger...
was the presence of an ET!
ET?
Actually, Higashida-san is an alien who came to make friends with the earthlings!
When Ooshita-san discovered this fact, he got hurt by accident.
Ooshita-san!
Are you okay?
Get that!
After him!
Let's go!
Stop!
I'm sorry...
What are you doing?
Mitsuhiko-kun!
Stop it!
Come up!
Conan-kun!
Conan!
Conan-kun!
What?
Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
How are we going to do that on stage?
Not to mention that Uncle is missing...
The idea is interesting, but...
No!
All ideas are rejected!
I got hungry!
Then, let's go to my place, we'll order pizza there.
Sonoko-oneesan will pay for us.
What?
Aren't you going to eat, Sonoko?
I'm not in the mood to eat,
I still haven't thought of a good meaning for the final message.
And even if I did, just as she said,
it wouldn't be valid proof.
That's true...
What do you think, Conan-kun?
Aren't you good at these things?
It's not like this is a real case...
Not that one, Genta-kun!
Use a handkerchief!
The oil from the pizza dripped everywhere!
Whoa, my mom's gonna be mad!
I found it!
I'm going to the bathroom!
Again?
He always goes...
But here, too, there's a bathroom...
three...
two...
One...
That must be Shinichi.
You're very naive, Detective Mouri.
With such a deduction, you won't solve this case.
That voice...
Shinichi!
It's been a long time, Inspector Megure!
Good to see you, Kudou-kun!
Are you that famous high school detective?
Inspector Megure...
This shutter...
When we arrived, it was open.
Takagi-kun was afraid that someone from the neighboring building would see this scene, so he closed the shutter.
The estimated time of death is 24 hours ago, right?
That's right.
In that case, Detective Takagi,
turn off the lights in this room.
This way we can understand what the victim pointed out.
Inspector Megure...
Ooshita-san's finger pointed at this!
The word "NEWS"...
can be used to indicate the cardinal points in English.
North
East
West
South
"E" stands for "East," Higashi.
In other words,
before his death, the victim wanted to denounce someone who has in his name the word "East", Higashi.
Higashida Naoya-san, you!
When you stabbed Ooshita-san
the weather was supposed to be cloudy, so there was no sunlight entering this room.
But after you left,
the sun came out from behind the clouds, creating the shadow of the window sign on the floor, "Weekly News".
At that moment, Ooshita-san was still alive.
This morning, when the police arrived,
the sky was overcast with clouds, so there was no shadow.
So no one noticed.
Do you have any proof?
Any proof that I killed the president?!
Inspector Megure...
Please check Higashida-san's belt.
There should be the victim's fingerprints.
The victim's what?
That's fine.
Check as much as you like.
Oops, I wasn't talking about the belt.
It's the watch band.
Looks like you remembered.
After you stabbed him from behind,
he grabbed your left arm with his right hand before he fell.
And so you left your fingerprints.
Before he died,
he was sitting on the sofa eating pizza, so his right hand contained oil.
Also, Ooshita-san was not wearing a wristwatch,
so before he died, he put his hand on his belt.
This being his final message.
May we examine your watch, Higashida-san?
That won't be necessary.
I could not forgive him.
We are both journalists, but that man...
The president was very materialistic.
The only thing that mattered was the sales of the magazine.
He didn't care about lawsuits if he wasn't involved.
He had us write fake articles many times.
I thought several times about leaving the company.
But I couldn't...
I love this magazine.
Ever since her father was president of the Weekly News...
Is that why you killed Ooshita-san?
He used to say that he wished this magazine would be number one in the sales, at least once.
Now, maybe his dream will come true.
After all, this will be the last issue of the Weekly News.
However, that is not for you to decide.
No matter what the reasons are,
the moment you exchanged your pen for a knife,
you ceased to be a professional journalist.
That's right.
Now, you are just a murderer!
It's been a long time, Ran!
Why are you acting so cool?
Where have you been all this time?
I'm sorry, I was too busy with several cases.
You always say that!
And now you're going to disappear again, aren't you?
No, I'm not going anywhere.
I promise!
Really?
Hey, excuse me, but...
Is the story going to continue with this romantic scene between Shinichi and you?
That was not the intention...
The deduction is indeed impressive.
I hate to admit it, but it was as expected from Kudou-kun.
But why did the school detective, Suzuki Sonoko,
turn into the collegiate detective, Kudou Shinichi?
Also, I don't think Shinichi-niichan would appear playing the violin like that.
What's the problem? He is the protagonist.
I am the protagonist!
What does "materialist" mean?
That describes a person obsessed with money.
Well, money is important, but...
The most important thing is love!
In any case, this breaks the ice.
Thank you, Ran!
Give my regards to Kudou-kun.
That's nice.
Thanks!
But, Shinichi,
it would be nice if this happened...
kimi no heya ni iru to naze ka
Why are you alone in your room?
tsumetai soto no ame ga furu koto ni sae kizuki mo shinai
You are so isolated that you can hardly notice that a cold rain is falling outside.
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
I always want to be on your side
fuan ya nayami ya aseri mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
So that we can both forget anxieties and worries for a while.
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai nazo darake no hibi mo
Even on those days full of mysteries tinged with red and darkness...
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
I can stand up and fight, thanks to my determined heart
yuki doke no ano kawa no nagare no you ni
Just like water flows when snow melts
tashikana mono mo naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
Even if nothing is absolute, I'd rather be in reality
sasurau kareha no you ni shizumi sou de ukandeiru
Just like those leaves blown away by the wind, you seem to be blown away from me.
mitsumeru kimi igai wa subete futashikana mono bakari da ne
Everything is fleeting, but the moments when I stare at you seem endless.
Northeast?
So Kitano-san is Higashida-san's accomplice.
Are you kidding?
Stop making pathetic deductions!
"Pathetic?"
A week later, the play was performed.
But it was a good deduction...
However...
Sonoko had caught a cold and couldn't speak.
And her understudy...
You are very naive, Father!
Or should I say, Detective Mouri.
At the last moment, it was decided that Ran would be the protagonist.
The case of the collegiate detective Ran.
A benefit presentation produced by Teitan College.
Because of this...
By finding out who the culprit is...
Damn it!
The play ends with an action scene.
What sacrilege!
This is not a play to be performed in a church...