Huh? The professor?
He asked if we can meet at his house next Sunday at 10 in the morning.
Are we going camping?
Genta-kun, haven't we camped recently?
And don't people go camping earlier in the morning?
So...
Aren't we going to look at the flowers? The cherry trees are blooming on the bank of the Temuzu River!
Does he want us to play a demo version of a game he is creating?
Anyway, let's go.
I bet it's just silly as usual...
A Professor Agasa Challenge!  Agasa vs. Conan and the Young Detectives!
What?!
Kidnapped?
The professor?!
Here, look.
Here, look.
Dear Young Detectives, I've been taken by evil people.
Please go to 3 locations in the Beika district and rescue me.
The first location is a 5 minute walk from Teitan elementary school,
the second is 10 minutes away from Beika station,
and the third is 15 minutes from the Touto Tower.
You will find me under an oak tree. I will be waiting.
Signed Agasa.
This is terrible!
We have to save him soon!
Wait a minute...  This is a game the teacher created for us.
Isn't that right, Haibara-san?
Who knows? I only know that he was preparing something last night.
Using a map of the Beika district.
A map of the Beika district?!  That's what I thought, that's a challenge!
So he wasn't kidnapped?
That's good!
Three challenges? But forging a kidnapping to make it the backdrop for a game was overkill, professor.
Haibara-san, where is the map of the Beika district?
It is right there.
Then let's start thinking!
Yes!
Hey, didn't you help the teacher with this?
No, so I don't know the solution to the challenge either.
Kudou-kun...
I know I didn't need to say this, but I think the teacher did it for you to have fun with them.
I know, but I don't have any clues...
And I don't think first graders will be able to solve this.
This is Teitan Elementary School.
And this is the Beika Station.
My home is...
Genta-kun, your home doesn't matter.  Look for the Touto Tower.
Maybe here?
This is it!
But where is the place that is a 5 minute walk from the elementary school?
Certainly not any of our houses.
We all walk more than 5 minutes to get there....
I can get there in 5 minutes if I run.
The difficult part of this challenge is that the place is also a 10 minute walk from Beika Station,
and a 15 minute walk from the Touto Tower.
10 minutes from Beika Station.
15 minutes from Touto Tower...
Ah, I have no idea!
Well, if he put distances instead of time it would be easier...
Mitsuhiko, there is a way to convert time into distance.
A person walking reaches an average speed of 4 or 5 kilometers per hour.
You can think of it as 80 meters per minute in a residential neighborhood.
80 meters per minute? That means...
5 minutes becomes 400 meters, 10 minutes becomes 800 meters.
And 15 minutes is 1200 meters, right?
The scale of this map is 1 by 10,000...
So 40 meters is 4 centimeters, 80 meters is 8 centimeters and 120 meters is...
12 centimeters, right?
Mitsuhiko-kun, I have a ruler!
A place 4 centimeters from Teitan School...
8 centimeters from Beika Station...
What's taking you so long?  I want to do it too!
And a place 12 centimeters from the Touto Tower!
What? That's weird! That's weird!
Why isn't it in the same place?
Hey, why don't you talk about it?
No, I'll just observe for now.
That's right, just use this!
What is it?
It's a compass. I've seen my older sister use it.
The area in the line of this circle...
are the places that are 5 minutes away from the Teitan School!
And now...
The places 10 minutes away from the Beika Station!
Lastly...
Places 15 minutes away from the Touto Tower.
The Beika Park!
An oak tree, an oak tree!
Isn't that it?
It's an oak!
It's just like the park guide said.
The second challenge is under this tree, isn't it?
I don't see anything.
This is strange...
An umbrella.
Why is it there?
A little to the right. To the right!
I hit my leg!
Got it!
"Agasa." That's from the teacher!
Wait a minute...  That could be...
Agasa. A-gasa.
kasa = umbrella
A-kasa. Aa, kasa!
It's a pun!
What is it?
There's something written on it!
It's long!
It has a bunch of letters...
N YU E U TE SA KA NE RO SU KO KI YO SE TA MO NA O SHI MI RA RE RI MA TO TSU NI ME HE A
What can this be?
It seems to be some kind of code.
That code should indicate two locations.
What if we read it backwards, "A he me ni tsu to ma ri"?
What if we skip a syllable when reading, "n e te ka ro ko yo ta?"
"Gen-ta-kun is in-crí-vel."
What? How did you come up with that?
I just thought that should be written.
We have no idea...
Conan-kun, do you understand this?
I wonder why this banner was rolled up and tied with a ribbon...
Wrapped?
Genta-kun, let me see this.
Ayumi-chan, it's upside down!
Is there another clue around here?
I wonder if...
Look, the letters are lining up!
It's true.
A MA O KI SA
HE RI NA KO TE
ME RE MO SU U
NI RA TA RO E
TSU MI SE NE YU
TO SHI YO KAN
Toushokan = Library
The library!!!
That challenge with the sash, was actually a form of coding used in Ancient Greece.
It is called the Baton of Lycurgus or "Scytale".
Lycurgus' staff?
Yes. They used a stick of a certain diameter,
and they rolled up some paper to be able to encode the messages.
That was a good observation.
No, any detective would know...
I am not talking about you. I am talking about them.
They are getting better and better.
It's true.
Conan-kun!
Ran-neechan and Sonoko-neechan! Why are you here?
What are you talking about?  Is it so strange to see us in the library?
Not really...
Ran is fine, but seeing you here is weird.
It's Ran-oneesan!
That weird girl is here too!
Hey! Who are you calling a strange girl? Call me Sonoko-oneesama!
Sonoko oba-sama!
Oba-sama = refers to adult women over the age of thirty, an equivalent in Portuguese would be "senhora" or "tia".
We saw Professor Agasa just now.
He told us this:
How nice that I found you!
Could you give this to the children?
He said you would be here if we waited 30 minutes.
After all, what are you doing?
It's nothing important.
Thank you!
See you later, Ran-neechan!
"To the Young Detectives"
I'm OOOO, and I may look OOOO, but I'm only 53, OO!
What's that?
We should probably fill in the blanks with letters to find the next location!
What does this "look" mean?
It means the appearance of a person, the features....
Let's think about the first letters.
Right! I am empty-empty-empty-empty.
I already know! "It's genius"!
He always says he's a genius!
Genius = te-n-sa-i
It can be "famous".
Famous = yu-u-me-i
Wouldn't that be "rich"?
Rich = ka-ne-mo-chi
Could it be "single"?
Single = do-ku-shi-n
If it's not rich it must be "poor", right?
Poor = bi-n-bo-u
It can refer to personality. Like "eccentric"?
Eccentric = he-n-ku-tsu
He wears glasses, so it could be "myopic"?
Myopic = ki-n-ga-n
Isn't it "child-friendly"?
Child-friendly, like to play with children = do-u-ga-n
It wouldn't be "slim"!
Slim = su-ki-ni-i
His face is "round"!
Round = ma-ru-ma-ru
He could be "big-nosed"!
Big-nosed, big nose = ha-na-de-ka
That's mean, Genta-kun!
Then "antiquated"!
Antiquated, old = bu-sa-i-ku
It's worse than that!
Hey, how long are you guys going to play?
We're not getting anywhere like this.
But we are thinking.
It must be "genius"!
It wouldn't be "fat"!
"Eccentric" is the right answer!
That's enough! Let's do it this way:
We will leave that gap for later and try to fill the next one.
The next gap?
"And I can look OOOO".
Since this is supposed to be about appearance, maybe it's "old"?
Mature adult, old = ro-u-ji-n
Wouldn't that be "elderly"?
Elderly, old = ji-i-sa-n
I agree with Genta-kun!
We've reached another impasse...
Let's try the last gap.
"I'm only 53, OO!"
That's an easy one!
"I'm only 53,..."
"See!"
Do you guys think "elderly" is the former?
Old, old = ro-u-ji-n
Ronja?
Ronja is not a word.
And "old"?
Old = ji-i-sa-n
Jinja?
Jinja = Shrine
Beika Shrine!
Maybe I should have made a reservation...
Oops!
Are you okay?
I told you, the first word is "eccentric".
It's "round"!
No, it's "big brown eyes"!
Big brown eyes = ma-yu-de-ka
Are they still at it?
When we get to the shrine and find it, we just have to ask the answer.
What's wrong, Haibara?
It's from the Professor.
What?
What's from the professor?
It's cracked.
It's a braking mark.
And the paint from the car is on the pole.
Could he have been run over?
No, if he had been run over, the glasses would not be near the tire tracks.
Also, there would be fragments of the car on the ground if there was a big impact.
So what happened?
I am not sure,
but something must have happened to him.
Is this another part of the game?
He wrote in the letter: "Go to three places in the Beika district and save me.
He didn't write that he would be at the third location.
No, I think he really wanted to meet us at the Sanctuary.
And from here we would go to lunch.
Lunch?
He said he had found a great restaurant near the Beika Shrine the other day.
He had this brochure with him.
I see. He was waiting for us here to go to lunch.
Anyway, I will call the professor's cell phone.
It's no good, there is no signal.
Damn it! If he had a Young Detectives badge...
I gave him mine!
What? I forgot my insignia.
I forgot my insignia in my pocket and my mom put it in the wash,
so it stopped working properly.
I met the professor in front of a store yesterday and asked him to fix it.
Okay, no problem.
He must be wearing the same jacket as yesterday.
So he must be wearing a badge.
He showed up.
2 kilometers to the south.
Damn, I lost the signal.
Looks like he hasn't fixed it yet.
But the transmitter must be working.
Hello? Professor, is that you?
Sh-Shinichi?
Sh-Shinichi?
No. Is that you, Conan-kun?
Looks like my game has come true.
Hey, did someone kidnap you?
That's right!
The criminals are a couple.
I saw them kidnapping a junior high school girl in a car.
They knocked me unconscious with a stun gun and tied me up in an abandoned building.
Where are the criminals and the girl?
They are in the room next to me.
They have just negotiated a ransom over the phone, so we need to save her fast.
Got it. Can you tell where this building is?
No, but there is a small hole in the window, so maybe I can see outside.
I see a telephone pole and a person in blue hiding behind it.
A person in blue?  What else can you see?
I'm without my glasses, but from what I can see, I'm on the second floor.
What about the sounds? Can't you hear anything, Professor?
I don't know if it's just a noise or a voice, but I can hear a rattling sound.
What do you mean?
"Gi-gue-ge-ge" or maybe "ji-ji" or "ge-kyo-ge-kyo" or something like that.
I have to hang up.
Professor!
What happened?
Probably the criminals got close to him or something.
If we don't hurry, his life could be in danger.
2 kilometers south of here is Beika's 4th block.
Let's go!
It is in this area.
It is useless.
Now we can only guide ourselves with the clues he gave us.
Yes, first we will look for abandoned buildings, it must be a tall building or some building under construction.
There is a telephone pole nearby!
And a person dressed in blue hiding behind it.
Is someone watching the professor?
No.
He said that the two criminals were in the next room.
There is no reason for either of them to go out and watch.
So, what does this mean?
And there is also that sound the professor heard, what is it?
He said it was "gi-gue-gue", right?
And "ji-ji-ge-kyo-ge-kyo."
Could it be a frog? Or a bird?
I don't know, but we have no choice but to look.
I'm going to call the police, so spread out and look.
Blue clothing?
A net to keep out crows?
For the teacher who can't see well without his glasses,
this net looks like a person dressed in blue behind a telephone pole, no?
So we have to look for buildings with poles that have nets in front of them.
But there is a lot of garbage around the poles...
But, we have to look!
About that sound that the teacher heard...
Wasn't it the song of cicadas?
Cicadas?
Cicadas only sing in summer!
There are cicadas that sing in the springtime too.
They are called spring cicadas,
they usually sing between 10 in the morning and 2 in the afternoon, and are known for their choruses.
Choruses?
Yes, when one sings, all the cicadas around it start singing too.
Another thing about them is that they only appear in woods with pine trees.
Pine trees?
There are no pine trees around here.
There is a place!
Wow!
Indeed, it could be this sound.
I remember finding this place when I was looking for spring cicadas.
Good job, Mitsuhiko!
Conan-kun, look!
See it? That pole!
A blue net!
Alright, looks like it's time to get our money.
The girl is a precious hostage, but old man...
You're in our way.
Old man? I may look old, but I'm only 53, see!
Why did he get angry?
Who are you?
Edogawa Conan, detective.
Are you teasing me? I'm going to kick your ass, brat!
Osamu!
Damn it!
What are you guys doing?
We did it!
With the crow net...
We've captured the kidnapper!
Are you all right?
I knew you'd find me.
Damn, next time give easier clues.
orenjiiro tomoshita heya no mado
An orange light comes out of an apartment window...
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru
I can hear a family having dinner together...
kouendoori kaerimichi
Walking alone in the park, going home...
shiawase ni suru to chikatta
I promised I'll be happy.
shiroi yuki mada koko ni kioku no toge
Oh, white snow... Until I remember these simple words
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo zutto
Maybe I won't escape the sadness
shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
Oh, white snow Until I remember this promise
haku ikigoto ni anata wo omou
Whenever I breathe, I'll remember you
anata wo omou
I'll always remember you
This place has a great atmosphere.
Doesn't it?  It's a great place in the middle of the residential area.
We can make it our secret hideout!
This will be the Young Detectives' hideout!
I agree!
Hey, hey, this is a restaurant.
Wow, what a great restaurant!
The food is great, the bathrooms are clean, and best of all, the owners are two beautiful sisters.
Maybe I'll come every day!
We can't use it as a hideout.
What should I order?
Anyway, I'll let Ran know about it.