(Tune of "Mune da doki doki")
DETECTIVE CONAN
Gentlemen, for the results obtained,
the victim has been dead for a few minutes.
This tape...
there is a blank 5 minutes and 30 seconds at the beginning.
There's something strange under the victim's seat!
A score?
Another "last message" from the victim.
No, it isn't.
If he'd had the time and energy to write this in his blood,
he would have called for help.
This bloody score was written by the criminal.
Don't be so clever!
This is very important evidence!
It hasn't been erased!
You always get in the way!
Go out!
Judging by the fact that the sonata has been felt
when the victim was already dead...
we can affirm that the murders in Kawashima and Kuroiwa
must have been committed by the same killer.
And, judging by the blank section at the beginning of the tape,
Mr. Kuroiwa was killed shortly before he was discovered.
A few minutes before 2/4 of 7.
The murderer is one of those who were in the town hall!
The first to arrive was Ken Nishimoto,
then Dr. Narumi Asai, who just examined her,
then Kazuaki Hirata, the victim's secretary,
then, the mayor's daughter, Reiko Kuroiwa
and her boyfriend, Shuichi Murasawa.
And the candidate Masato Shimuzu.
Wait a minute!
Why am I a suspect?
I haven't moved from the courtroom from 1/4 and 5 of 7!
Yes, it is impossible for you to have committed the crime.
So is Dr. Asai.
She's been with us since a little after 6, right, Conan?
Then we have to conclude that the suspects are the 4 men.
Hey, I haven't moved from this floor either, since 6 o'clock.
Do you have any witnesses?
You've seen that I haven't moved from here the whole time.
I went to the washroom around 2/4 of 7.
By the way, Mr. Nishimoto.
You were the first to discover Mr. Kuroiwa's dead body.
Please tell 's what were you doing there?
Well, Kuroiwa told me to go!
Didn't you make him go out to kill him?
(Reiko) -It's not true!
(Reiko) -It's in Shimizu!
Now that the father and in Kawashima are out of the election race,
in Shimizu he has already opened the way to the mayoralty!
Conan, what are you looking at, so deep?
It is the score left by the assassin.
I'm sure it's a coded message left by the assassin.
Maybe with these sharps and flats we'll find out.
If it's for piano, it's the black keys.
I think it is.
Piano keys...
Hurry to catch the killer or there will be more victims!
I know there will be!
The next victim will be you!
Conan...!
It's an easy code if you know what letter it is, Ran.
The killer has alphabetized the keys from left to right
and has written the sound that corresponds to each letter of the message.
So, if I read the sheet music
that was at the Kawashima crime scene, I would say:
"You already know it, don't you? Now it's your turn.
That's it!
Conan!
You're a genius!
And the score you've written in blood?
Let's see...
"Hell, fire, vengeance, executed, here."
- "In-Hell, fire, vengeance"...- Eh?!
(Reiko) The pianist who committed suicide by setting fire to the house.
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
That's him!
That's him!
Keiji Aso is still viiiiiiiiu!
(Agent) He's not alive.
The teeth we found in the fire matched his.
But there's something else:
The fire destroyed everything except for some sheet music.
that were locked in a safe.
Sheet music!? Sheet music!?
Where are they?
Where are they, these scores?
In the municipal warehouse.
But the key to the warehouse is at the police station.
Why don't you hurry up and look for it?
Mr. Policeman!
Wait for me, I'm coming!
Conan!
Come back!
Are you sure it was Mr. Aso who burned down the house?
Man, 4 witnesses said yes.
The former mayor of the village, Mr. Kameyama,
Mayor Kuroiwa, Mr. Nishimoto and Mr. Kawashima.
Are they related?
Yes, and with Mr. Aso.
They were classmates.
And who is he, Mr. Murasawa?
Ah, that guy showed up on the island about 3 years ago.
And the other day, he announced his engagement to Reiko,

but the mayor was against it.
And Mr. Hirata, the mayor's secretary?
This is a very strange man.
I don't know what he did, exactly,
he always met with Kawashima at the community center.
And Mr. Shimizu?
He's a fair man.
The fishermen trust him a lot.
Mmm...
Mr. Detective, is there anything else you'd like to ask me?
Eh?
Ah, yes...
Mmm... that's strange... I was sure he had left it around here.
(Thinking) "Oh, Sir... He's been looking for it for over an hour."
Ah, I got it, I got it, I got it, it's that key!!!
Where do I pay?!
Hello, Ran.
It took so long that everyone has gone home.
The suspects are gone?
Uh, well... yeah.
Since the message said "revenge executed",
they thought there would be no more killing and left.
(Think) "What fools!"
"Only the first and second movements of the sonata have been played."
"This means that the third movement must still be played!"
I'm running to the community center!
Eh?
Hey, Conan!
Wait a minute!
Conan, this can't be, you're a peeping Tom.
I want to open it!
Don't bother me!
Didn't you hear a strange noise?
Did you?
I didn't.
Conan, come!
Mr.... Mr. Murasawa!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ran!
It's Mr. Nishimoto!
Officer, call Inspector Megure! Yes!
I'm coming!
This was the third move!
A tape with 30 minutes per side.
It's been 30 minutes since Nishimoto died!
Conan, look, another score at Mr. Nishimoto's feet!
What does it say, this time? "Suicide note."
A note?
That's right...
(Kogoro) A suicide?
It says he's committing suicide
because he's guilty of the death of Kawashima and Kuroiwa.
He killed them?
If he's killed them, it's because they won't talk about a crime
they all committed long ago.
All means in Kameyama, who died 3 years ago,
on Kawashima and Kuroiwa, who died recently,
on Nishimoto, and on Aso, who committed suicide.
You mean the pianist?
Surely they were doing something with this secret code.
Of course, in Nishimoto he was afraid that his past would be discovered.
He wanted to make the sheet music disappear from storage.
But he couldn't find them,
he got trapped and decided to commit suicide.
I don't think he committed suicide.
It's impossible to hang himself without climbing somewhere.
Maybe you've hidden it yourself, kiddo? I would never do that.
Besides, who would dare to write a suicide note in secret code?
So, this means, the killer is still running free.
I saw a suspect.
Who was it?
In fact I have seen two, in the piano room.
One has fled and the other is in Murasawa.
Someone hit him on the head.
The doctor is patching him up.
Why didn't you say so before?
Stop it, Father!
You still haven't found the Aso scores?
12 years ago, I don't remember where we left them.
This boy is not conscious.
No, it's probably a concussion.
By the way, Miss Reiko,
what were you doing here in Murasawa at this hour?
What do you want me to tell you, me!
What... what is this?
Don't touch Shuichi's things!
What's this?
Shuichi loves it very much because he always carries it with him!
(He thinks) "This is a piano tuning tool!"
"Then it must be him."
Come, escort all the suspects to the town hall!
Yes, sir.
Hey... Conan, what are you doing?
We're going to the town hall.
That suspect who ran away was looking for something under the piano.
What's that?
I've already found it!
It's here!
What's this?
A secret compartment!
Mm... that's interesting.
(thinks) "It's dope!"
For the evidence we have,
these 3 murders were committed by the same criminal.
Dr. Asai and Reiko will be taken off the list
because we have confirmed their alibi.
Those who have not, such as the secretary,
Shimizu, who is a mayoral candidate, and Murasawa, who is resting,
are suspects and one of them must be the murderer.
Doctor, he is still unconscious, in Murasawa?
Yes, Reiko keeps him company, but he is not conscious.
"What could it be? Something is troubling me."
"Since I've looked at the secret code, it's not clear to me."

Inspector, we have already developed the crime scene photos from the Kuroiwa crime scene.
Put your taula.
Yes, sir.
"What was that glowing near en Kuroiwa's neck?"
"In the photo they took later, it was missing."
Excuse me, can I go buy something to drink?
Mmm... Okay.
Wow.
(Thinking) A wound?
Eh, senyor.
Mmm?
You have white powder on your sleeve.
Eh?
Oh, gee!
It does have foreign coins!
I just really like to travel, you know?
Officer, what's wrong?
I finally found Mr. Aso's sheet music.
Ah!
Let me see it!
"Al-my-son-Seiji."
Eh?
A son?
Ah, yes, now that you mention it,
Mr. Aso had a son and a daughter.
When he was little, he got sick and was hospitalized.
I think the child's name was Seiji.
Seiji?
Eh!
No way!
Hey! Hey, wait!
Hey, wait!
Kid!
Where are you going?
"So this is it! That must be it!
"That's why the murderer was supposed to carry Kawashima's body
into the piano room after drowning him!"
"The meaning of the music he played! And the secret code written in blood!"
"I'm sure!"
"The murderer is him!"
(Off) "In Mouri received the letter from a dead man and went to the island."
"It had been sent by a famous pianist, Keiji Aso."
"He killed the family, set fire to the house,
and burned to death playing 'Moonlight'."
"The first murder took place
during the memorial of en Kameyama, the former mayor."
"A en Hideo Kawashima was found dead
in the piano room with the first movement of the sonata."
"The second murder, with the second movement, that of the current mayor."
"There were only 6 suspects left."
"Then, the third murder occurred,
planned to make it look like Ken Kishimoto had committed suicide."
"Al-my-son-Seeji."
"Sure! I got it!"
"I already know why the murderer carried Kawashima's body
to the piano room after drowning him,
the meaning of music and the secret code!"
"It's obvious!"
"The murderer...
is him!"
Damn child!
Why are you running to the sound room?
Is there anything here?
Ah, no... nothing...
(thinks) "I have no choice. I'll have to use his voice."
"With the anesthetic gun on the clock..."
Tomorrow morning we'll have Hirata and Shimizu come to headquarters.
And why?
The facts: last night, the first crime.
They drowned in Kawashima.
Tonight, we have suffered the second crime.
They died in Kuroiwa in the sound room.
And then the third crime, in the municipal warehouse.
They hung up in Nishimoto that looked like a suicide.
The only 3 who have no alibi are you two
and Murasawa, which is at the clinic.
I'm afraid you'll have to be under surveillance tonight.
(Speaker: Kogoro voice) "I have solved the mystery!"
"Several crimes have been committed."
The father!
In the sound room?
First of all, what has stunned Murasawa in the piano room,
was Mr. Hirata!
How can he...?
"The wound on his left hand was inflicted
when he broke the window to escape."
"It was you, wasn't it?"
What was he doing there?
In Hirata I was making a deal with Kawashima.
A drug deal!
A... drugs!?
"In Hirata he hides the drugs he bought abroad in
the secret compartment of the piano,
and moves a lot of money."
That's why the two always met late at night !
"In Hirata made believe that the piano was cursed,
so they wouldn't be disturbed while making deals."
She probably knocked Murasawa unconscious and ran off
because he had caught her taking drugs.
The last deal didn't go well and she killed in Kawashima!
No!
In Hirata has nothing to do with the 3 crimes!
"If he was the murderer, he wouldn't have committed the crime in the piano room."
"Because he still had the drug in the room."
Then, we have Mr. Murasawa.
It's him, the murderer!
He's not the murderer either.
The murderer has prepared a suicide note that looked real,
but he forgot to put a stool.
And he didn't have time to go to the piano room.
Of course... You're right.
What we know about the killer is that he must have strength.
This means that he is a man with no alibi!
Now the only suspect left is in Shimizu.

"Now we are going to look at the second murder."
According to the report made,
Kuroiwa's body was discovered in the sound room
a few minutes after he died.
In Conan has fallen on the secret code,
but it has not spread.
At room temperature,
human blood takes 15 to 30 minutes to dry.
And instead, that code written in blood was dry.
"Impossible, if he had just been murdered."
It was a very clever manipulation so that the time of death was false!
But there were only 5 minutes and 30 seconds blank on the tape!
But it spins by itself!
The tape started on the side without music.
So it could make more than 30 minutes that it was running!
"Look at the pictures."
"There is a button glowing near the neck of in Kuirowa."
"It disappeared after the body was lifted."
"The killer snuck in and stopped it."
The only people who have been able to get near the body are....
That's right.
Other than the police, the only other person who got close,
determined the time of death, and examined her was...
Dr. Asai!
You're kidding, right?
Dr. Asai?
As for the first murder...
I was supposed to take him to the piano room
because in Tokyo they did an autopsy on him.
It can't be done here if it wasn't a natural death.
The blank piece of the tape and the music were prepared
to wrap up the time of the murder.
That's why he made the false report about in Kuroiwa.
But, Mouri, let's see, you just said that the murderer is....
"The motive for the crime goes back 12 years."
To the murder of pianist Keiji Aso and his family.
What?!
Murder ?!
Among all those who have died, in Kawashima, in Nishimoto,
in Kuroiwa and the former mayor, in Kameyama,
they used Mr. Aso's concerts overseas
to buy drugs and sell them here.
But Mr. Aso told them he didn't want to continue collaborating.
They were afraid he would air the secret
and they locked him up with his family, and set him on fire.
This was written on the sheet music that was saved.
It is a confession that the father wrote to his son.
To his son?
Please, he had a son hospitalized in Tokyo.
A son whose name was Seiji.
So, Seiji, it could be...
Dr. Asai's real name is Seiji.
Keiji Aso's son, in Seiji Aso !, himself.
But... but how...?
Asai must be the name given to him by his adoptive parents.
He did it with the intention of avenging his father.
Inspector!
Asai is no longer here!
What?
Look for him!
Look for him!
(He thinks) "He's gone there!" # ("Moonlight")
"In the piano room!" #

Father, it's all over... it's all over... #
It's not over yet!
Here, look at this.
Your father left you a message at the sheet music.
"Seiji, I want you to live as a good and honest person."
Thank you.
If I'd known before...
Hadn't you read it?
How did you know, that from your father?
I had always had doubts about my father's death,
and when I finished my degree,
I came to this island posing as a woman.
The name can be interpreted in two ways,
and it is not known whether I am a man or a woman.
But during the interrogation I was afraid.
That's why you stayed up all night with us,
because they won't suspect you're a man.
When I told the former mayor that I was Keiji Aso's son, he began to tremble,
he began to tremble.
"After a moment, he had a heart attack and died."
"This whole plan happened to me
while I was playing my father's favorite piece, 'Moonlight'."
Seiji, let's get out of here!
We have time!
No.
It's too late.
And it can't be,
my hands are stained with blood, just like those four.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Conan, what are you doing?!
It can't be! Quiet!
Let go of me!
(Piano)
What is this?
The notes of a secret code. #
(Adult voice) How do I tell him to play the piano in the middle of the flames?

(Off) "In Murasawa I adored the pianist Keiji Aso
and tuned the piano from time to time."
"That's what she did when she's been stunned."
Why was she doing the messages, in Seiji?
It seems as if she wanted to follow in her father's footsteps.
Surely she wanted someone to stop her from committing the murders.

Hey, what was I supposed to say, the secret code that played in Seiji?
I don't know what you're talking about?
Your face doesn't deceive, kid.
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... Aaaaah... Aaaaah!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sa
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara
DETECTIVE CONAN
Wait, Ayumi!
Don't open it!
Maybe he got into the car of the girl kidnappers?
Ayumi!
Wait for me!
I'll come and rescue you!
The kidnapping of Ayumi

