"My name is Conan Edogawa."
"But I'm Shinichi, a detective."
"They made me drink a potion that made me shrink."
"Today, a bride dressed in white stains herself red
when she tries to keep her happiness."
(Tune from "Mune ga doki doki")
DETECTIVE CONAN
The murder of the bride
"Today, in this beautiful church,
Miss Matsumoto's wedding is being celebrated."
"She had been teaching us at the high school."
"But I just came to see the face of the fool who is getting married."
Miss Matsumoto is getting married!
I haven't seen her since I was in high school!
Maybe we'll hear that pretty voice of hers.
By the way, what happened to "him"? Who?
The one that Miss Matsumoto always scolded because he was out of tune.
Ah!
You mean Shinichi.
He called me and said he didn't want to come.
And you brought this boy instead of the one who's out of tune?
He wanted to come at all costs.
(Thinking) "I've always been hard of hearing."
"Miss Matsumoto tormented me for 3 years."
Mm?
Wow... Ran and Sonoko!
Does it look good, girls?
(At the same time) It looks beautiful, Miss Matsumoto!
(Thinking) "It's... true..."
And Shinichi couldn't come?
What a pity.
It was funny, that cheeky guy looking at me like that.
"He hasn't changed a bit."
Who's that?
Hello, buffoon;
we don't know each other.
Doncs no...
Gireu's-e... come, come look at me!
We will take care of filming everything with video.
They have to make a good kiss!
Of course, girls!
Sayuri, I've already brought it to you, tea with lemon.
Ah, thank you!
"Yes, I always drank tea with lemon. Even in class."
Watch out, don't drink it like that, you'll flake your lipstick.
-There you go.
-Thank you.
-Kazumi, forgive me.
-Hey?!
About Toshihiko...
Come on, woman... we don't need to talk any more.
Get ready.
When we are eating, I will say that the boyfriend had been my boyfriend.
Don't believe it, Sayuri, it's a joke.
I'll see you later.
-This Kazumi won't change... -This Kazumi won't change... -And who is she, this girl?
She's an old friend from college.
I have another one.
Does anyone want her?
Yes.
Who are you? Who are you?
What are you doing here? Ran, you're a gorilla.
Look at her, at the Ran.
Inspector Megure, what are you doing here?
I can't miss the wedding of a superior's daughter.
Superior?!
This man is the police commissioner, and my father.
Oh... Him, your father?!
All right, you can go, now.
(At the same time) Uh... Excuse me, please, sir.
(Sighs) It's all right.
It's guilt.
He's got a scary face.
Sayuri, are you sure you want to marry this guy?
If not, one of my men will leave him a...
How can you say that?!
Understood.
Please stop treating me like a little girl!
Well, you are, daughter.
And you always drink that cloyingly sweet stuff...
So what?
I like it, father.
But it doesn't matter.
You haven't told me anything about the dress I'm wearing.
You make a lot of merriment...
but there's no comparison to your late mother.
Why can't you tell me I'm beautiful?
Oh, what pretty roses!
Thank you so much, Junji.
And who's this? Don't you remember?
It's Junji Umemiya, he was one grade ahead of you.
I've always thought he does a lot for you, the tea with lemon.
Thank you very much.
Today is a sad day for me.
I thought I'd be the only one who could make you happy.
Junji, why...?
Goodbye.
(Thinking) "What a conceited guy."
Geez... what bad luck, the battery's dead!
Hey!
What are you saying now?
Isn't it true that there was a photo store near here?
I'm running away!
Hey, hey, hey!
Wait for me!
"Why didn't you check before you left home?"
Hey, handsome, you're more handsome than Shinichi Kudo,
did they tell you that?
When I look at you, I get... I want to pinch my tea.
(Think) "Be still."
I'll tell you something that few people know.
Shinichi is just like my first love.
He lived in our neighborhood,
his family owned a candy store,
and he always came to help me when someone was bothering me.
He would sneak lemon tea from the store and bring it to me.
It's so good, this lemon tea.

It was an unforgettable time, that's why I always pick this tea.
I don't know why, but it gives me strength.
"That's why he spent 3 years giving me a hard time?"
Even though he lives in the neighborhood, this boy, Miss Matsumoto?
No... Suddenly he left, went I don't know where...
but the story doesn't end here.
(Boy) Hey, you're the boyfriend, don't be shy!
Come on, come on!
(Boy) Eh?
Toshihiko...
Sayuri, you look beautiful...
What I've explained to you is a secret.
And now, Sayuri, even though you drink that gooey stuff?
Eh, yes...
What?
But you're the heir to the Takasugi group!
Yes, and you're the Suzuki's daughter.
Sonoko, do you know the groom? I've seen her at many parties.
He's irresponsible and casual.
They say he'll ruin the Takasugi empire.
What, what's gotten into you now, Sayuri?
Now you don't have to suffer anymore.
You'll have her.
The ceremony is about to begin.
Yes, now we go out.
Toshihiko, please go ahead and pull first.
Eh?
Don't suffer, dear, I'll be right back.
Ah, yes,... understood.
-What, say, how was she, the bride? -How was she?
-Precious.
What was that?
She came from the bedroom!
Miss Matsumoto!
Miss...!
Oh!
It seems to me that there was caustic soda, the tea with lemon.
And she has drank it and evidently has.....
There's something floating, the tea with lemon.
And now!
This is a capsule!
A what?
I get it.
The culprit has filled the capsule with poison and put it in the tea.
The poison takes time to come out
and masks the time it was put into the drink.
Any one of the six people who have been with the girlfriend
could have put the poison in the can.
What do you say!
Am I a suspect too?
I think you are,
because there are capsules
that, under certain conditions, break down quickly.
Send the capsule to the laboratory.
Escolti...
Isn't he one of the suspects, he?
The commissioner has also entered the bride's room.
And now... the commissioner would not hurt his daughter.
No, the boy is right.
It's true, I'm a suspect too.
Yes, yes, it's true.
Inspector, we were filming with video.
What?!
Yes, we left the camera here when we left.
It might show who committed the crime.
Thank you very much.
You got it.
You always drink that cloyingly sweet stuff...
I thought I'd be the only one...
Sayuri, even though you drink that cloyingly sweet stuff?
It seems to me that the culprit won't be seen.
According to this, the only obvious thing is that he has touched it all, the can.
Everyone has had a chance to poison the tea.
(Think) "They're still watching the video.
It must have come out of the operating room, the Sayuri?
You have to be bad, for poisoning her favorite drink.
Tea with lemon.
Eh?
When I saw her drinking, she reminded me of a person...
a girl I liked many years ago.
But I never got to know her name.
(Thinking) "Impossible. Is it him?"
Inspector, the lab results are back.
They say they've thrown the capsule into the tea,
and that it took 15 or 16 minutes to release the poison.
15 or 16 minutes.
So they put the poison 15 minutes before she fainted.
The Ran is called to the emergency room at 3/4 and a minute of two.
She fainted one minute before...
So they have thrown the poison shortly before 2/4 of two.
The time when Commissioner Matsumoto left the room.
This means that me and the boyfriend are automatically ruled out.
We both came in to see him after quite a while.
Excuse me, but there is a strange detail, on the can.
No prints from the sheriff, on the can.
Idiot, what a foolish thing to say!
That you haven't seen... that I'm holding the can?
Are you sure you've analyzed it well?
Yes.
(Think) "How strange..."
Wow, what bad luck, the battery is running out.
What do you say now?
"There's something wrong."
"Wait a minute."
"Sonoko didn't have a can in her hand."
"Where did it go?"
What?!
"Impossible!"
"Miss Matsumoto...
the can..."
You've only missed the commissioner's fingerprints?
We haven't found Mr. Umemiya's either.
"I thought so..."

"So how did it end up, the capsule, inside?"
"Ah! The culprit's motive and the meaning of the capsule!"
Inspector, I found this in the wastebasket in the hallway.
A glass jar?
Looks like desiccant, inside.
"Desiccant?!"
It could be the canister where the caustic soda was.
"If caustic soda is left in contact with air,
it absorbs moisture and becomes a liquid."
Send this into the lab, please.
"The person who has stained the young lady's dress with blood...
...is this monster!"
Inspector Megure, we would like to go to the hospital, please.
Espereu's-e, I have some questions to ask you.
"Since there is no Detective Mouri, I will find a substitute for him."
"I will now adjust the loop to the Sonoko's voice."
Oh!
Sonoko, what's wrong with you?
(Sonoko's voice) Well... I've already solved everything!
I know you've poisoned the tea! What?!
Sonoko, are you sure about that?
He said he put the poison in the tea 15 minutes before he fainted, right?
Yes, because the poison didn't come out until after the capsule was broken.
But this would be true if the poison had been in the capsule, right?
All we know is that the tea had a capsule in it.
You mean the culprit...
Yes, he has put the capsule and the poison in it separately
to make us think
that he put the poison in 15 minutes before she passed out.
Well, if this is true...
then you two would be suspects too.
Wait a minute: this is just a theory.
It is possible that the poison went into the capsule.
No!
Eh?
(Sonoko voice) I have the proof here, in the video that Ran filmed.
Inspector, take a good look at this can, please.
What do you say now?
(Sonoko's voice) Oh!
The position of the labels doesn't match!
Ran, where did I leave the tea with lemon that I was drinking?
You left it on the table when we left.
Aaaaah!
So, this means it was your can?
Yes, it looked like it was one can, but there were two.
And by mistake, she took mine, which was the one in front.
There were neither the commissioner's nor Junji's fingerprints on it,
the poisoned can.
But I'm sure this one was full of my fingerprints.
You're right, inspector.
This means that...
That between the time he picked up the can and the time he passed out,
someone put the capsule and the poison in.
And those who have been with her have been me, in Conan,
in Takasugi and Ran Mouri.
But we can rule out Conan.
When the Ran and I have come back, in Takasugi she had the can.
She has taken it, so neither I nor the Ran could put poison.
Of course... So there is only him left.
No, there's still another person, Miss Matsumoto.
What?
A suicide?
If she intended to commit suicide,
he had to put the poison in before he passed out,
but she would have needed something.
Such as an airtight jar of desiccant?
Yes, caustic soda is an unstable substance.
If the canister is left open, it becomes liquid.
She hasn't moved from this room.
To preserve the soda, she would need a desiccant and a canister.
But the canister was outside.
Yes, in the wastebasket in the hallway.
Someone else has carried the canister with desiccant in the room.
And the only person who could pour the poison into the tea was...
...Mr. Takasugi.
It was you!
Toshihiko, how is it possible that you...?
Speak, you wretch!
Why did you do this to him?!
If you want to know, I'll tell you!
Do you remember, Inspector, 20 years ago?
You were chasing a criminal.
He had an accident and ran over my mother!
Mother, mother!
"The mother was alive."
"If I had taken her to the hospital, she would have been saved, but you..."
Get out of the way, kid!
"My mother died in the street. And I would have saved her."
From that fateful day on,
I have never been able to forget this cruel face!
Is it true, all this, Inspector?
Yes...
I didn't see her, she was behind the car.
When I found out, I went to her house...
This is all very well, but I only had my mother.
I was adopted by the Takasugi's because they had no children and then...
that unforgettable day seven years ago, the girl who took the Kazumi...

When I learned that I was his daughter...
the desire for revenge began to grow inside me.
But why didn't you kill me instead of her?
Why didn't you kill me instead of her?
Because if I killed him, I wouldn't feel the pain of losing a loved one.
Besides, she was a fool.
She never realized that...
I only wanted to marry her to get back at you.
She only wanted the Takasugi fortune.
Toshihiko, stop it!
You're a fool!
Kazumi!
You donkey!
The Sayuri knew everything.
She knew about the accident and that you were adopted.
You're making it up!
It's a lie!
I wouldn't have married, if I had known!
Haven't you noticed, with the lemon tea?
He hasn't stopped thinking about you for 20 years.
You're his first love!
He always insisted that you look like him,
and we looked into it.
Even after you proposed to her, she was worried.
She wanted to know how she could get your forgiveness, and you....
She loved you very much!
How could you?
(Thinking) "Wow! She might have seen how I poisoned her tea?"
Do you think she must have drank it knowing it was poisoned?
Don't worry, I'll be right back.
(Thinking) "Miss Matsumoto..."
Commissioner, the hospital just called.
The operation went well.
Your daughter will recover!
(laughs)
-She will recover!
How nice! -Viscaaa!
-That's great! That's great!
(Tune from "Step by Step")
DETECTIVE CONAN
Sayuri got out of the hospital after two months.
That's good, isn't it?
She has recovered soon!
And Toshihiko got a light sentence.
Sure, after all, I drank it because I wanted to.
But in the end I've brought him trouble all the same.
I'm sure he'll hate me more now than before.
Come, come, Miss Matsumoto, cheer up.
What do you want, to celebrate your release from the hospital?
Are you inviting me?
Let's see, let's see...
Tea with lemon!
Oh, sir!
It is important to always take care of the memories!
You'll never get married if you don't stop thinking about him!
"But Miss Matsumoto got married 3 years later."
"And, naturally, the groom was
the boy she had loved for 20 years."
What nonsense to say!
It can't be that you are the murderer.
Why can't it be her?
But let's see, didn't you just explain why she couldn't have done it?
(thinks) "I've got it!"
"She's used the elevator for her alibi!"
A clue to the next episode:
a bouquet of flowers!

