"My name is Conan Edogawa."
"I used to be Shinichi, a detective."
"They made me drink a potion that made me shrink,
but I solve every case."
"Today's case happens in a skyscraper."
"There is only one truth!"
(Tune from "Mune ga doki doki")
DETECTIVE CONAN
The elevator murder
(Kogoro) My goodness, it's the weekend!
What are you doing, so many people, on the street?
Wouldn't it have been faster to go by train?
It all seems like a dream!
I can't believe they want me to be a model.
Are you sure it was Hideki Ashiya?
You know she's...
...one of the best designers in Japan.
Isn't she?
Yes...
I could have sworn it was Hideki Ashiya, the one who canceled a fashion show.
Yes...
So that the rival company presented a new design before her,
that looked very similar to one of her new collection.
She was forced to.
My, my, my... You sure are well-informed!
What do you know, Mr. Mouri!
Are you a fan of it?
No!
Yes, father.
You're not?
What nonsense!
Being a detective means always having your antennae up!
(Think) Antennae, eh?
It's here!
What an impressive building!
It's not you, what will make you model.
I know that!
That you are, you're annoying!
Excuse me, gentlemen, my name Ran Mouri.
Yes, we are waiting for you.
The president will be right back.
Wait over here, please.
Thank you very much.
Quiet, isn't it?
Yes, it's normal, it's the weekend and there's nobody here.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Have you been waiting long, Ran?
No.
Good morning, Miss Ashiya.
Hey, Ran look!
What's the matter?
What's with the big bags? Eeeeh?
She's gorgeous!
She's always one step ahead, I'm sure they'll be in fashion soon.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, it tastes very serious.
This is my father and Conan.
They wanted to accompany me.
I am Kogoro Mouri.
I am very happy...
Kogoro Mouri?
The famous detective?
I'm very glad you know me, Miss!
Please accept this as a token... of thanks.
-Miss Ashiya... -Ah, excuse me...
Thank you very much, Mr. Kogoro.
(Opens the door)
Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, Mr. Kogoro.
It's Mika Taniguchi, my secretary.
I'm Mika.
This is Ran Mouri and Kogoro, her father.
And this is...
I'm Conan Edogawa!
This is Conan.
Sorry I made you come here on a Sunday morning.
It's all the same.
I'll finally and finally fold a day early.
There's no need to be like that.
After all, it makes me work on a weekend.
All right, you're on your own, you're leaving.
Excuse me for a moment.
I'm going to the office to get some papers
and put these flowers in a vase.
Please, Ran, wait here for a while.
I'll be right back.
Thank you very much.
Mika, go to the fitting room on the eighth floor and get everything ready.
When you're done, let me know.
I'll see you now.
Excuse me...
This secretary, she says she's resigning from the company?
Yes... it looks like she has already submitted her letter of resignation.
(Think) "It seems that they are fighting,
and instead she has pressed the elevator button."
Come on, let's wait here.
I have to go to the toilet!
Yes, me too!
What a pain in the ass!
Afanyeu's-e!
(Kogoro) Ah... what a rest.
Have you washed your hands?
Mr. Eda, come, please!
Yes?
What's the matter?
I called Mika on her cell phone and she didn't answer.
-I find it strange.
-Now we'll look into it.
(Think) "She's getting nervous because he's not picking up his phone?"
How strange...
The elevator Mika has taken is stopped on the eighth floor.
Oh, my Lord!
What could have happened to her?
Now we'll find out.
Everyone, please come here.
We take this elevator and look at this.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Miss Ashiya, what's wrong with you?
Calm down!
What is it?
It's Mika Taniguchi, the secretary!
-Look, there are footprints on the floor! -Petjades?
He's right.
And surely all this dust must be from the fire escape...
Thieves!
I'm sure of it!
Someone must have broken in and killed her!
(Thinking) "It almost seems like I knew it,
that Miss Taniguchi had been murdered."
Mr. Eda, do you want to hold the door open?
Eh?!
Oh!
How cruel...
"This shoe..."

A stab in the heart.
Instant death.
Inspector!
The footprints make 26 centimeters.
26 centimeters, eh?
So the killer was a man...
"There's a little blood on his shoulder."
"Also, why is there a wrinkle here on his shoulder?"
"Those who work in fashion take great care of their image."
"Why is there a wrinkle here?"
"But what's even stranger to me is that he's on his back
with his head out of the elevator."
"You don't understand this."
"If she'd been stabbed on her way out,
she should have fallen into the elevator."
"If that were the case, the killer, before running out,
"would have turned her the other way
and would have left her the way we found him now."
"But what need did he have?"
You and Miss Taniguchi have gone up with different elevators?
Yes.
Precisely, I took this one.
Look at it.
What?
Fifteenth floor.
You go straight to the fifteenth floor, this elevator, miss?
Yes, exactly, it went straight up.
Right.
Miss Taniguchi took this one in the middle.
This one goes straight to the eighth floor,
then it stops at every floor until it reaches the fifteenth floor.
And the one we took stops at all the floors up to the eighth floor, right?
That's right.
Only two elevators go to the fifteenth floor.
Mr. Eda, how long did it take to get back down, Miss Ashiya?
Mmm, I think...
I could have sworn it took about two minutes.
About two minutes... (Kogoro) Inspector!
It turns out, I followed the footprints down the fire escape.
The door to the emergency exit on the second floor was open.
When did you make the last round?
About two hours before the incident.
But the door was locked.
Did anyone come in or out during this time?
Well, no one... apart from the president.
Yes... I wanted to go over something, and I arrived an hour ago.
I stayed in my office for about half an hour.
Then I went out for coffee.
Through the front door, of course.
Inspector!
This case is crystal clear!
It was a robbery, just as the young lady said!
The burglar opened the emergency door from the outside
and climbed up to the eighth floor.
In the corridor on the eighth floor, he ran into Miss Taniguchi.
The thief stabbed her to death, and fled.
Go question the people in the neighborhood.
And, Miss, we'll have to take your fingerprints.
What are you saying?!
Are you saying you suspect me?
Of course I don't!
We'll need them to differentiate them from those of the culprit.
Besides, you couldn't possibly have done it yourself.
Is that so?
Why is it impossible, that I did it?
You're such an ass, kid!
Ms. Ashiya and Ms. Taniguchi
took different elevators at the same time,
and when the elevator reached the eighth floor,
they stabbed Miss Taniguchi.
Ms. Ashiya was on the fifteenth floor.
The elevator stopped at the eighth floor.
How could he have murdered her?!
But this does not totally exculpate him.
Children should stay out of it!
You didn't have to hit her, father! It's just that he doesn't listen to me anymore!
(He thinks) "I give up. This guy is useless."
Conan, where are you going?
I came.
Deixa'l, Ran!
(Thinking) "If my theory is true, the key is the fifteenth floor."
(Adult voice) You can tell the president's office is here.
This carpet is fantastic.
A flower petal?
Pollen.
(Adult voice) What is this?
There was something stuck to it!
They're the same.
Why are they the same?
What were they doing here, the petal and the pollen?
You don't pass by here, to go to the president's office.
(Thinks) "She was killed here, when she stood on the eighth floor."
"Miss Ashiya doesn't have much more than a minute to spare."
"If she had come down the stairs from the fifteenth floor,
Mika would have died and I would have gone back to the fifteenth floor,
it would have taken 4 or 5 minutes."
"This means that to kill her I would have to..."
"The way the corpse was...
the blood stain on the shoulder and that inexplicable wrinkle..."
"The petal of the flower...
and the remains of adhesive tape
the elevator button taken by Miss Taniguchi..."
"Yes! I got it!"

"She has used the elevator to set up an alibi!"
"Hideki Ashiya is Miss Taniguchi's murderer!"
You haven't found any fingerprints of the culprit?
No, Mr. Inspector, neither on the dagger nor on the emergency door.
Excuse me, Inspector Megure, can I go home now?
Man, yes, yes, maybe you can go, for today.
"No! It will destroy all the evidence and we won't be able to indict her!"
"I have no choice, I must use in Kogoro."
Hey, Ran.
Say.
We'll take a rain check.
Entesos.
Well, I'm off, then.
I'll walk you to the door.
Oh, another bite.
(Kogoro voice) That's what I'd like to say,
but we can't let her go yet.
Because...
...it was you, who murdered Mika!
But father!
What nonsense to say, Kogoro!
A little while ago, you were telling why I couldn't have murdered.
Yes, all this is true, but it was a trap.
A trap?!
I'll tell you a detail of the footprints on the eighth floor.
Go on, please.
They were made in such a way
that it looked like the murder had been perpetrated by a burglar.
They were also part of Miss Ashiya's masking.
What?!
(Kogoro voice) Remember the arrangement of the footprints.
A murderer runs away having committed the crime.
Therefore, the distance between the footprints would lengthen.
And the distance between the tracks back and forth did not vary.
Now that you mention it... you're right, Kogoro.
Well, there's more.
The Ashiya has entered the building an hour before the murder,
made the fingerprints
and opened the emergency exit on the second floor from the inside.
He hid the espadrilles in the bag,
which is so big, it doesn't do for a designer like you.
Then you came out after 30 minutes,
threw away the espadrilles and came back.
When we all saw it,
you and Mika went to the elevators.
You yourself pressed the elevator button
to make sure she took the middle elevator.
It was essential for your plan.
Everything had to be as you had planned it.
When you were in the elevator,
you started dialing your secretary's number,
and when you reached the fifteenth floor, you dialed the last number,
because there is usually no coverage, inside an elevator.
(Mobile)
He told the secretary to go to the fifteenth floor.
In the meantime, he has taped a coin to
the button of the elevator on the fifteenth floor
to prevent the door from closing when she was dead.
Hey, hey, wait.
Wait a minute... wait a minute Kogoro!
She was found on the eighth floor, not the fifteenth!
Precisely, this is the key to the whole set-up.
Isn't it strange, the position in which we found Miss Taniguchi?
If she had been stabbed as she was getting out of the elevator,
she would have fallen in.
But remember, Inspector, she had her head outside the elevator.
Well, now that you mention it, it's true...
Miss Ashiya stabbed her on the fifteenth floor,
picked her up, lifted her up and put her face to the corridor.
Then she pushed the button on the eighth floor
and pulled the tape off the elevator button.
She just had to hold the Mika as if she were sitting down,
get out of the elevator,
and send it back to the eighth floor.
Miss Ashiya would be incapable of doing that.
There are two clues that blow the elevator alibi out of the water.
The first is the shoulder wrinkle,
which she got when her jacket got stuck in the elevator door,
an ugly wrinkle for a person who takes care of her image.
Secondly, the bouquet bothered her and she has left it on the floor.
Then fell the flower petal and pollen.
It's an interesting story...
but... it's just your theory, detective.
With all this you can't prove anything.
Besides, if the Mika had come back in the elevator on the eighth floor,
there would be her fingerprint on the button, right, Inspector?
Did you find prints on the button?
Well, no, there weren't any.
Too bad, Mr. Mouri.
You didn't go up to the fifteenth floor.
Your theory has no foundation.
Yes, you erased it, your fingerprint.
You're very clever.
You pressed the button so that the door wouldn't close,
and brushed it with your finger, to erase the print.
Kogoro, there is no proof of what you say!
Yes, there is!

In Miss Ashiya's bag!
What?!
What evidence are you referring to now?
The blood-stained gloves she used for the crime.
I doubt she had time to throw them away.
And it wouldn't be very wise to hide them around the building.
You thought the elevator alibi would work.
I get the impression that you're still carrying the gloves in this bag.
Isn't it true that Mika Taniguchi stole the design from you
and sold it to the competition?
What a ?
She's absolutely right... and she could prove it.
But she wasn't afraid at all.
She told me I could call the police,
that after the cancellation of my fashion show,
this would tarnish the Hideki Ashiya brand name even more.
Then she had the courage to announce to me that she was quitting the job.
I knew I had to kill...
And today was the chosen day, wasn't it?
When I learned that you were accompanied by your father, the famous Kogoro Mouri,
I was on the verge of backing out.
But I could only do it today.
(Tune from "Step by Step")
DETECTIVE CONAN
Ran, you probably won't believe anything I'm going to tell you now...
but I wanted to hire you as a model for my fashion show.
I wanted someone like you, mentally and physically healthy,
so that I could parade in my clothes.
Too bad, Ran.
What bad luck...
It was your chance to become a model.
It's just as well.
By the way, where's the father?
(Thinking) "Oh no! I forgot about him, even though he's sleeping!"
It seems to me that he had a shock.
Of course, he was a fan of the Hideki Ashiya and has shown his guilt.
(Thinks) "If in Kogoro finds out that I've proven it, he'll kill me."
Mitsuhiko!
Now I've got it!
The ghost is you!
The next case is really scary.
The scary cellar!

