"My name is Conan Edogawa."
"I used to be Shinichi, a young detective,
until they made me drink a potion that made me shrink."
"We make memory of this case while listening to our song."
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"In the previous episode, due to a mistake,
we were able to board the cruise ship chartered by the Hatamoto family."
"It's a huge ship but there are only 10 passengers."
"During the trip, in Kozo hatamoto, the head of the family, is murdered."
"Everyone suspects in Takeshi,
who has just married Natsue hatamoto."
"Takeshi's father was president of Zaiko Industries,
who committed suicide when Kozo took over his company."
"They close in Takeshi to the warehouse and it looks like everything is cleared up,
but then another tragedy occurs."
"In Tatsuo, the Akie hatamoto's husband, also turns up dead
and in Takeshi has fled from the warehouse."
The luxury cruise ship serial murders, part two.
Tatsuo...
Akie, no...
It was your fault!
If you hadn't married into Takeshi,
none of this would have happened!
You're very lucky, girl.
As in Takeshi has assassinatel my father,
now all the inheritance money will be yours.
It is not true.
I don't want the money...
No one has proved that the murderer is in Takeshi.
But... Conan, this...
When we went to the warehouse, the door was open.
Yes... yes... now that you mention it...
That door must open from the outside.
Wow!
You're right... and it wasn't forced.
So, if it was opened by someone...
Takeshi must have an accomplice!
We make a recapitulation of the facts.
At the time of the crime, when Tatsuo was murdered,
you 3 were alone in your cabin.
And you two?
You are the only ones sharing a cabin.
Yes... I couldn't sleep and I went for a walk around the boat.
Well, it all coincides with the first murder.
Apart from the Natsue, none of you have no alibi!
This is absurd!
The victim was my husband!
I can't be a suspect!
You're the one who can be happier, with Tatsuo dead.
Yes, because it turns out...
I know you're unfaithful to your husband!
What about you, Aunt Mariko?
You had a good motive for killing Grandpa!
You lusted for his money!
Will you please shut up, please?!
Eeeeeeeeeh?
Did you do these drawings?
The model is the Natsue, right?
And Aunt Mariko, your son is no exception.
Oi, Ichiro?
Ichiro almost cried
when the grandfather destroyed that winning drawing!
Grandpa did a very bad job.
He didn't recognize his talent.
Tatsuo always laughed at you, didn't he?
He said you were a bore.
No!
I haven't killed anyone, you know?
Of course, the one I was most eager to do outside of grandpa
was Uncle Kitaro.
Oi, uncle?
What, what are you saying?
Oh... Ichiro?
Where are you going now, son?
-To the toilet.
-Aren't you afraid to go alone?
Don't suffer.
I'm not a coward like you, father.
Ichiro...
Eh, Mr. Suzuki?
Mm?
That they had a problem, in Kozo and Kitaro?
Well, you see, Mr. Kitaro has long wanted to leave the family.
He's always insisted that he's not the right man to run the company.
But Mr. Kozo wouldn't hear of it.
But Mariko, his wife, wouldn't have consented.
Excuse me, sir.
But it's been more than 20 minutes since the bathroom, Ichiro.
And if he has attacked her?
Do not be alarmed, we should not move from here!
But the Ichiro has not yet returned.
Ichiro!
Mrs. Hatamoto, don't leave this room.
Ran, Conan, is he here?
Yes, father! Yes, we're here.
I'm going to the wiring room.
You guys go to the washroom!
Wasn't there any here, the washroom? (Shout)
Wasn't it Ichiro's voice, this one?
Ah!
Fuck!
Y... Ichiro!
Ouch!
The... the leg...
Don't be scared, Ichiro!
Don't suffer, it's a superficial wound.
He should be embrassed.
I'll get the first aid kit.
Who did this to you?
I do not know!

The lights went out and I heard someone coming in,
and then he stabbed me.
Hey!
What's this?
It's my knife!
Jyoji, didn't you...?
Hey, hey, wait a minute Mariko.
I was in the dining room.
How do you want me to have done it, huh?
Of course I did... You're right, you're right.
This can only be done by one person...
and that's Takeshi.
(Kogoro) No, not necessarily.
We left the Ichiro with the Natsue and Ran here.
I'd like the others to come
in the room of the electrical installation.
Is there anything here?
Yes.
Please take a look at this.
What... what is this?
It's a very simple mechanism.
Anyone can set it up in a moment.
You attach a heavy object to the switch,
calculate the weight and balance it.
Then you put a candle in the middle of the string.
The candle burns the string and carves it.
And then the weight lowers the switch.
By the amount of hot wax, it had been burning for a while.
Any one of you could have done it.
You're all suspects.
Anyway, I'll be careful to look for Takeshi now.
Until I find him, don't let anyone move from the dining room.
Does it hurt you a lot, Ichiro?
Damn, we've looked everywhere and haven't found it anywhere.
Maybe it's not the boat anymore.
There are places we haven't looked yet.
I mean, the relatives' cabins, for example.
It's not in Kitaro and Mariko's cabin.
They seem to have different personalities,
but they're a well-matched couple, Mr. Suzuki?
I guess it's because they're cousins, but they've always gotten along well.
What?
A marriage between cousins?
Mr. Kozo was very angry, too, when that happened.
(Thinking) "When did that happen?"
It's not in Jyoji's cabin, either.
Could these knives have something to do with it?
What?!
Oh!
There are two missing!
What's the meaning of this?
One we've found after Ichiro's assassination attempt.
And the other one is not yet...
Ah... it must be the same one, Ichiro's room.
Look, he's got the drawings here!
Ran, you don't have to rush in.
There could have been Takeshi hiding in here.
Ichiro knows a lot about drawing.
What if he had made a sketch of the crime scene?
(thinks) "I doubt it very much."
Ran, don't touch things in his default need!
Okay.
-It's not here either, is it? -I don't think so.
Hey, what's this?
It's charcoal.
It's for sketching.
What's that?
Come on, guys, be smart so much, I'll leave you here!
We're coming!
This only serves to erase...
Ah, gee, gee...
It wasn't in our cabins, nor in the Natsue's.
We're missing the Akie's cabin, but I don't think...
As we suspected, maybe it won't be on board anymore.
What's up?
Did you find anything?
No, I haven't found anything at all.
It's useless.
Come on, guys, let's go back to the dining room.
Hey...
Excuse me, Mr. Suzuki.
Could it be that...?
Wasn't it?
How did you know!
Only those concerned, Mr. Kozo and I, knew....
(Thinking) "That's right!"
"In the first crime, the murder of Kozo hatamoto,
what did it mean, the breadcrumb?"
"And the murder weapon?"
"In the second murder, the murder of Tatsuo,
what did it mean, the sound of the water and the dull rumor?"
"And who opened the warehouse door?"
"And the third incident?"
"Ichiro was attacked in the dark."
"All these mysteries are related!"
Mr. Mouri, could you come?
Yes?
What do you want?
What... Have you found something?
I'm sorry, my boy.
Eh?
Where is he, the father?
He has something important to explain to us
and he wants us to go to the Akie's cabin.
Something important?
Yes.
Go get the others.
(Thinking) "Quick, quick, quick."
"Kogoro's voice is 59."
-Do you know who it is, the killer? -What does it say?
(Kogoro voice) The person who has committed the 3 murders is on board.
(Kogoro voice) What?
But who is he, the murderer?
-We all know it's him.
-It's Takeshi!
Don't run so fast.
Before we reveal the name of the murderer,
let's go over the murdered people again, please.
"The first was Kozo's,
who was found stabbed to death in his cabin."

"The blood on the door step indicates that he was stabbed outside and turned back inside to escape the killer.
and that he went back inside to flee from the killer."
We found a flower in front of the door.
The same flower that was on Takeshi's lapel.
That's why he's the killer.
But there's something strange.
He was supposed to have been stabbed outside,
yet there was no blood in the hallway.
Maybe the killer cleaned it up because we didn't discover the corpse.
"What I want you to understand,
is that we found the flower on a floor that had been cleaned."
"I would understand if the flower had fallen in the middle of a fight,
but the killer had carefully cleaned the hallway."
He should have seen the flower, if it had been there ground.
And more so if it had fallen while the killer was cleaning up.
The murderer left the flower there expressly!
Because it seemed that in Takeshi had committed the crime!
"The second murder you were on Tatsuo, who died of a blow.
"Unlike the first crime, which left a flower,
or the third, in which he manipulated the switch,
this one didn't seem premeditated."
"If all the murders were committed by the same person,
the second murder was the only one that was not premeditated."
"If so, why was Tatsuo killed?"
The key to the mystery, it's in this suitcase.
But yes... It's my knife case!
Look, two knives are missing here.
One we found at the scene of the third attack;
but where is it, the second knife?
And this is where the mysterious noises he felt in Conan come in.
The loud bang would be the noise of the blow that the killer gave,
but what about the noise heard earlier in the water?
It could be the noise of the missing knife falling into the water!
What if Tatsuo had witnessed the knife being thrown?
and the murderer had killed her to prevent her from talking?
Why do you want to exculpate him?
In Takeshi disappeared from the warehouse, afterwards.
That's right!
In Takeshi is very suspicious!
(Kogoro voice) The door was locked from the outside.
He couldn't have escaped unless someone had opened it from the outside.
-Who could have done it?
-Who opened it?
Well, the murderer.
(All) What?!
Tatsuo's murder was not premeditated.
It was also committed when Takeshi was closed.
"The murderer had cast suspicion on Takeshi,
but this second crime would have proved his innocence."
"That's why the murderer opened the door."
To make believe the false idea that he had murdered in Tatsuo.
What?
Well... why did he run away, at Takeshi?
And he still hasn't shown up!
Maybe he should explain it to us himself, that.
Takeshi.
Don't hide anymore.
Why don't you come out of hiding?
Is it here, in this booth?
Takeshi!
Ta... Takeshi!
Takeshi, tell us what happened when you ran away from the warehouse.
I was afraid something had happened to him at the Natsue.
"I couldn't take it anymore,
but when I tried to get out of there, the door was open,
and I went to the deck."
It was him... He also killed her in Takeshi!
Tatsuo!
"I thought they'd put the blame back on me."
"And I looked for a place to hide."
I haven't moved from this closet.
So, the one who attacked Ichiro is someone else.
Who was it?!
Who did such a terrible thing to her?
The murderer made a big mistake by letting Takeshi run away.
(Mariko) A mistake?
"Yes. When he opened the door of the warehouse."
"The trap I had set on Ichiro worked,
but the door had to open from the outside."
"Then the possibility of an accomplice arose."
"And the killer, who was in the clear, was a suspect."
And he hatched an ingenious plan that he thought was perfect to save himself:
the third murder,
the attack on Ichiro in the bathroom during the general blackout.
But the murderer dug his own grave
when he committed the third murder.
It is impossible for the murderer to see the Ichiro in the dark
and instead, he was able to see him, approach him and stab him.
What do you think of this?
Also, we found the weapon at the crime scene.
This is key to understanding the mystery.
Unlike the other crimes, he did not take the gun with him,
or it would be more correct to say he couldn't have taken it with him,

because he had a wound on his leg?
But... it's impossible!
It was Ichiro.
He did it to himself, the wound!
It's hard to believe,
but the two murders were committed by him.
Ichiro...
...it's you, the murderer we're looking for!
Y... Ichiro?!
You set up the blackout.
And you did it so that everyone would doubt who had stabbed you.
Because if you had accused Takeshi
and then we would have deduced that Takeshi was innocent,
then all suspicions would be pointed at you.
This is all supposition!
Do you have any real proof of Ichiro's guilt?
This is it, the proof.
We found it near Kozo's corpse.
It's a pa spring.
What?
A bread crumb?!
Ichiro is an art student.
He was sketching on the deck before Kozo's murder.
Bread crumbs are used to erase charcoal.
and many times, bits of it fall into the sleeve.
This piece fell into the sleeve of Ichiro
when he stabbed Kozo.
It was the pool of Kozo hatamoto's blood.
Also, there are traces of charcoal, in this breadcrumb.
But... he had no motive!
Ichiro had no motive to kill the father.
Yes, and that made me doubt until the end.
Until I saw something in his room.
Something, you say?
That's the main motive Ichiro had.
It's the main motive Ichiro had for killing Kozo.
His drawings?
The motive would be the content, not the drawings.
What do you mean, the content?
Enough.
I have enough!
Wait a minute, the model...
They are from Natsue!
Prouuuuuuuuu!
Y... Ichiro... It can't be, son...
Well, it is.
Mrs. Mariko, Ichiro was in love...
...with Natsue.
What is it?
Ichiro...
Mr. Suzuki has explained to me that you couldn't confess to her,
but you're going to see Kozo and...
Yes!
I asked her permission to marry Natsue!
What?!
But Grandpa wouldn't hear of it!
He didn't want to allow someone like me to marry his Natsue,
and to ridicule him,
they announced the wedding of the Natsue and Takeshi!
Then, yesterday, when I was drawing a picture of the Natsue,
Grandfather said to me...
Get these worries out of your head!
I couldn't forgive them...
I couldn't forgive neither grandfather, for not letting me marry her,
nor Takeshi, for taking the Natsue from me!
I could not forgive them!
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... Aaaaah... Aaaaah!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sa
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Hey, Takeshi, even though you hate my grandfather and the rest of the family?
It's true that I'm the son of Isao Zaiko.
The hatamoto group took over his father's company and committed suicide.
And I wanted to win your grandfather to hate it.
But everything changed when I met you.
"Feelings of love I couldn't confess."
"The pain of a shy boy has been the cause of this tragedy."
"The ship will soon arrive in Tokyo."
"The sadness of Ichiro and the whole family
are now shrouded by the glow of the setting sun."
Oh!
What? What?
You mean...... that he has amnesia?
Oh!
That man!
(Think) "Why is he chasing Maya, that man from the races?"
In the next episode, Kogoro is in danger!

