"My name is Conan Edogawa."
"I used to be Shinichi, a young detective,
until I was made to drink a potion that made me shrink."
"Today we continue the murder case of the student meeting."
"First, we will recall the story."
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"At a seaside resort called Benkei,
a group of former students held a reunion."
"We were Yumi Horikoshi, former head of the judo club,
Jun Ohmura, owner of a model store,
Yukio Ayashiro, who is a teacher,
and his wife Noriko,
on Kazushi Nakamichi, inspector of the Chiba police department,
Ran, his father and me."
"When we went to call Yumi,
who was in her room when the fires were over,
we discovered that she had committed suicide."
"According to the examination of the body, she had been dead for 7 hours,
around 3 p.m., when we were all playing ping-pong."
The Alumni Reunion Murder Case, Part Two
I'd probably be very depressed....
Seriously, I feel like dying.
And she must... she must have committed suicide.
Kogoro, exactly how did Yumi shoot him?
Conan, don't ask these questions! But how?!
Man, it's obvious, isn't it?
He's put the gun to his head like this and...
Hey, hey, Mouri!
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?!
Come on, Mouri!
When you kill yourself with a gun,
you put the gun near your head, don't you?
Well then this wound is not normal at all.
There's no burn mark!
Yes, exactly.
When a gun is fired, in addition to the bullet, hot air comes out.
With the gun near the head, there would be burn marks.
If there are no burn marks...
He must have shot someone?!
That's right.
Someone has killed Yumi
and set it all up to look like a suicide.
Someone from the spa!
No, don't tell me to suspect me, now, eh?
Hey, hey, no t'esveris.
Approximate time of death is around 3 o'clock,
after he left the room.
If we've been in the gym until 6,
we can't have committed the crime ourselves.
The only one who left the gym was the Ohmura.
But it was after 5 o'clock and he was not late.
He couldn't have committed the crime either.
And someone from outside?
Yes... it could be.
As you can see,
anyone could jump from roof to roof.
Also, the front door wasn't locked.
That's why it's likely that someone from the outside came in.
I'll ask the people at the inn.
Maybe they've seen someone suspicious at some point.
Anyone suspicious, sir?
All the workers had gone to lunch, around 3 o'clock.
That's the time we usually do.
And I don't remember anyone suspicious coming in either.
Ah... I did see someone!
-What?!
-All right, and who was it?
A woman with a small child.
They seemed to be in a hurry.
They ran upstairs.
Could you describe us, ma'am?
They're here, behind us.
This girl and this boy.
It was about 2/4 of 7,
when the fireworks started.
We were looking for Yumi,
to come and see the fireworks.
You're right, daughter.
Afterwards, we wanted to go into her room, but...
I told them no.
It was better to let her sleep, because she wakes up with a bad temper.
But Nakamichi, how can that be?
You were here at that time?
Yes, I went to take a bath,
because I was sweaty from playing ping-pong.
I felt bad about that, because you had saved room for us.
You two took a bath too, didn't you, couple?
Yes, that's right, we went to the outdoor pool.
If we had forced Yumi to come, nothing would have happened.
Don't be silly, woman.
She died while the others were playing ping-pong!
It would have been too late.
Listen, I'd like to ask you a question.
Hey, Ohmura!
You're hiding something from us, aren't you?
You've been nervous for a while now.
Come on, boy, tell us what you're hiding from us.
-Ah, no, it's nothing... -Oh, no, it's nothing... -Will you do us a favor?

I saw it on my way to the toilet!
Did you see the killer?
No, not the killer... I saw Yumi.
Don't talk nonsense!
You went to the toilet at 5 o'clock!
She'd be dead by now, then!
That's right... I saw Yumi, who should be dead by now!
She was looking towards the gym from the second floor full of hatred!
-How did you see it, if she was already dead? -That's impossible!
That's why I think that the Yumi I saw was...
You know what I mean... You know what I mean...
Are you kidding?!
Ohmura, come on, ghosts don't exist!
Tiredness must have made you see visions.
That's why you think you've seen what you've seen.
Hey, did something happen?
They're talking about ghosts and deaths...
A friend of ours has been shot.
(All) What?!
We should heal the wound!
It's already too late.
The police are already on their way to the spa.
(Thinking) "Wait a minute. There's something wrong."
"Why did he say that?"
What's he saying now?!
Who is it, the murderer?
Speak up.
Is the murderer one of you?
No.
The murderer must be someone who has come from outside the spa.
Wait a minute, wait!
Nakamichi, take care of yourself, please.
I have to go to the washroom.
-Hey, Mouri, come back! -We have a right to know!
Hey, Kogoro!
Isn't it too soon to say that the murderer isn't one of us?
The way Yumi died... You hear me, Kogoro?
Shut up, kid.
You stay out of this.
It can't be that someone from the outside came in!
An outside killer wouldn't have bothered
to make it look like a suicide!
The killer is among us!
He's one of my best friends.
I don't know why he did it, or how he did it...
but I will not spare the murderer, nor will I leave the case unsolved!
I will solve it at all costs!
(Think) "Kogoro..."
"In Kogoro is right, the murderer is one of those 4."
"I imagine it could be, the murderer."
"Surely, the person who made that strange comment."
"But that person has an alibi."
"It was with everyone else in the gym."
"A perfect alibi!"
"I also checked the approximate time of death,
and there's no doubt about that."
"But then, how did she kill him, the killer?"
"I'm surprised he didn't have his index finger on the trigger of the gun."
"If he had put his finger on the trigger it would have looked more like suicide."
"Besides, she wasn't wearing any underwear, and she was wearing a kimono that was too fat."
"Could it be that she was dressed by the killer?"
"And if he dressed her, why?"
(Adult voice) In Benkei.
On the face of it, this spa is also called Benkei.
With all these arrows stuck in her, she had to die standing up.
Die standing up?
I got it, yes!
The murderer has done it like this!
Of course!
(Think) "I've discovered the killer's tactic!"
"Let's see, I'll anesthetize Kogoro as usual with the clock..."
I know the killer is among us!
He is one of my best friends.
But I will not spare the murderer, nor will I leave the case unsolved!
I will solve this case at all costs!
"I understand you, Kogoro."
(Yuiko) Why did Yumi have to murder?
Maybe she had come in to steal, and he has killed her because she called out.
But don't you find it very strange that we didn't hear the gunshot?
(Think) "What does it do, that everyone has an alibi,
if the killer is one of us?"
"Judging by the rigor mortis, Yumi must have died around 3 o'clock."
"That means he killed her when she got separated from us."
"We've all been in the gym until 6."
"No one has had time to commit the murder!"
"What I find most strange is what the Ohmura said."
Exactly.
I saw Yumi, who was supposed to be dead by now!
She was looking down on the gymnasium from the second floor full of hatred!
(Think) "The Ohmura went to the toilet at 5 touches."
"Yumi was dead. Why did the Ohmura say that?"
Hey, Kogoro.
Let's play ping-pong!
Come on, let's play!
Let's play!
Not now!
What a thing to say, at a time like this.
I hold the paddle "squeeze" style and it's infallible!
Yumi used to hold the paddle like this.
What? What's that?
You've seen it too, Ran.
In that picture of Yumi holding the paddle "squeeze" style.
Yes, that's right...

But you can't play at this time of night.
You're right, besides, I'd have to change, if I sweat, wouldn't I?
(thinks) "Sweat...change.... 'squeeze'?"
"Come to think of it, Yumi was wearing a kimono that was too fat."
"Besides, she was going without underwear."
"And the index finger of her right hand was not the trigger,
but it was straight and stiff."
"When the shovel is gripped with the 'squeeze' style,
the paddle is held with a straight forefinger..."
"And if Yumi played with the suspect?"
"But what would be the point if he had played with her?"
"Wait a minute!"
"I remember at the police academy..."
Hey, lady, one thing: Mr. Benkei died on his feet?
Yes, boy, exactly.
He faced the enemies, he killed them with the sword,
they stuck him with many arrows and he died standing up.
What?
Sure, I get it all!
(All) What?!
Hey, Mouri, come on what's up?
Don't scare us, man.
I finally understood everything.
I know who the murderer is!
-What are you saying?!
-What?! -What?!
Who is it, father?
Yumi's murderer is you!
Yumi's murderer is you!
What?!
In Nakamichi is the murderer?
Come on, don't talk nonsense.
But don't you remember Kogoro?
It was the gym with you.
Yes, you have a perfect alibi.
But only if Yumi had died around 3 o'clock!
What do you say.
But why do you doubt that?
We both checked for rigor mortis!
We saw how the corpse began to stiffen.
And I thought she had been dead for more than 7 hours.
But there are exceptions!
Like when the person dies suddenly while doing a strenuous exercise!
Then, the protein of the muscles solidifies quickly,
and rigor mortis evolves faster than normal.
As in the case of this... great hero, in Takezobo Benkei!
What?
In Benkei he died standing up?
It has been scientifically proven that he could have died standing up.
It is not abnormal.
Come on, the corpse was in Yumi's room, Kogoro.
What exercise flights would you have made him do there?
You didn't make him do it in his room.
You made her do it in the gym!
You made her play ping-pong right before you murdered her,
so she'd get tired!
You promised her that you would meet her in the gym, alone.
You made us all go, not to be with her.
-What if we were to play ping-pong? -Yes!
That's a good idea!
I'm not coming.
(Kogoro) "Yumi, you've gotten angry,
went to her room."
(Kogoro) "When everyone left,
Yumi went down to the gym and you were waiting for her."
"She must have been talking about something very confidential."
"But you told her to play ping-pong."
"So you made her go back to her room!"
"You shot her and killed Yumi in her room!"
"Thus falsifying the time of her death by a lot."
You probably made him go back to his room
taking advantage of the fact that he has a very bad temper and you knew how he would react.
That Yumi has returned current without leaving the shovel proves it.
That's why he has a stiff hand gripping the gun with the "grip".
Yumi that I have seen was....
It was Yumi!
She was still alive at that hour...
and she was looking towards the gym,
waiting for Nakamichi to be left alone!
The actual time of the murder must be around 2/4 of 7,
when the fireworks display had already started.
(Kogoro) "It is logical to think that he has shot
taking advantage of the noise of the fireworks."
But he had to wipe the sweat off his body and change his clothes.
But she had no choice but to take off his underwear.
"He put on the kimono he had in his room!"
"But while he was doing so,
some unexpected visitors knocked on the door."
"That's when Ran and Conan came to get her."
"She went out the window,
went over the roof and into the hallway."
"Luckily, she stopped the Ran from getting in."
"Then she went to watch the fireworks."
"And he came back to Yumi's room and finished the job."
Then he put the gun in her hand to make it look like a suicide.
The hand, which was already stiff
in the position in which he had held the ping-pong paddle,

that's why the saying was not put on the trigger.
Very interesting deductions, but do you have proof, Kogoro?
Do you have indications of my guilt?
You and I are the only ones who can do that, from what we are here!
You see, Kogoro?
You could be the murderer too.
And anyone could use this knowledge
if they read it in a book.
You're, you're a...!
What nonsense.
It's impossible for this great inspector to be the killer!
"Great inspector"?
When he saw Yumi's blood, he already knew she was dead.
He did it just by looking at her!
What?!
Before... even before touching Yumi you said...!
Yumi!
We can only enter Mouri and I, who am a policeman!
You told Ran to call the police,
and not to call an ambulance, which would have been the most logical thing to do.
You knew it was too late!
Because you had killed her!
How... how did you dare to kill Yumi?!
I didn't want to kill her either!
After all, we had dated for 18 years!
Say... eighteen years?
Yes!
Until I was introduced to my future wife!
You murdered her because she annoyed you?
Why? Why didn't you marry Yumi?!
Why didn't you marry Yumi?!
You don't know anything!
I asked her many times.
But for 18 years she always answered "no" and "no"!
And in the end I accepted a marriage of convenience.
When the date was approaching Yumi told me....
Don't think I'll let you live in peace, Kazushi!
"And Yumi started making phone calls
and sending threatening letters to my promise."
She threatened me that she would send her pictures of the two of us.
I told her I'd buy the photos from her
and bring them to the meeting.
This happened the day you arrest the bank robber.
We had just said goodbye with Yumi....
and when I was thinking how I could stop Yumi's feet,
the robber's gun fell near where I was.
And I impulsively conceived this plan.
When I talked to Yumi in the gym because she had to give me the photos,
I told her, "I took the pictures of the suitcase!"
That's why she ran back to her room,
without even leaving the shovel.
You chased her and shot her.
Yes!
I killed the evil woman who ruined my life!
I don't know who she is, the most evil...
Shut up!
You would never understand Kogoro!
I would never understand...
(Kogoro) "Whatever the reasons,
I would never understand the feelings of a murderer."
"Nor would I want to understand them."
Are you all right, Father?
Why, you're as strong as ever, aren't you, Kogoro?
Don't be silly.
It's just that you've become mentally and physically weak.
Yes...
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... Aaaaah... Aaaaah!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sa
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He looks a bit depressed lately...
Of course, after what happened to his friends...
Why didn't your father win competitions, if he was so strong?
It seems that in the competitions, the father was trying too hard,
he didn't manage his energy well and so he lost.
(thinks) "They call it stage fright."
I'll go cheer her up a bit!
Hey, wait!
Let's leave him alone for now.
It'll pass, Conan.
Oooooh!
They were pink!
Ah, good morning, good morning Inspector Megure.
What?!
Mr. Okida dead?!
Even if he was sweating because of the pain, he is too springy.
(Think) "If the heart attack had been provoked,
the prime suspect would be Mr.
Tokito."
"But what method could he have used?"
In the next episode...
The computer murder case

