"My name is Conan Edogawa."
"I used to be Shinichi, a young detective,
until they made me drink a potion that made me shrink."
"Dr. Agasa is the only one who knows the truth."
"However, there is only one truth!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
The computer murder case
It was interesting, the movie.
Did you like it?
Yes.
Hey, father, I'm hungry, and you?
Yes, it's getting late!
Let's go eat somewhere.
Look, let's go to this restaurant!
You don't know what you're talking about, kid!
Sushi food in Ginza is very expensive.
What do you think!
Thank you very much, gentlemen.
See you again.
Oh, I'm so glad, Miura.
Sir, take the medicine or your heart will go back to...
I know it will.
Don't talk like my wife!
You must be the president of some company.
Mmm, I think I've seen him in some magazine.
He's President Okida, of the multinational Big Wood!
Big Wood?
The company that makes computer software?
The contract we signed was very important.
Thanks to a fool who gave up the rights to the software.
You should say thank you.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
You dropped this, senyor.
Molt bien, thank you, son.
Look how absent-minded you get, Tokito!
Emsap grave... Excuse me, sir.
I'd like to thank you in some way.
What would you like, kiddo?
Excuse me, sir.
You're President Okida, right?
Here, my card.
Private detective Kogoro Mouri?
There's no need to thank the boy, but if we can help you...
Ah, very well.
If you'll excuse me, I have to go.
Take care of yourself, sir!
A private detective.
Very well, tonight I'll take it big!
(Phone)
Yes, detective Mouri, say.
Ah, hello, Inspector Megure, good morning to you.
What?!
That President Okida died?!
Inspector Megure has found your card in a pocket?
Yes, and he wants me to confirm a few things.
If the inspector is there, it means she's been murdered.
Sometimes, the police only check if it was a natural death.
And Mr. Okida is a big shot.
Wait a minute!
You were with President Okida, weren't you?
I'm his secretary.
President Okida!
Ooooh, it opens automatically?!
How did you open the door?
That was impressive.
The computer recognized my fingerprints
and opened it automatically.
It was the computer?!
This house is a model of what the houses of the future will look like.
Almost all the utilities are controlled by the central computer.
Oooooh! Oooooh!
Wow, how cool it is!
The computer also controls the air conditioning,
and the house stays at a good temperature all day long.
Hey, hi, Mouri.
Thanks for coming by.
Senyor.
You came with them?
I told them to stay home, but...
We also saw Mr.
Okida.
This is Mr. Miura, Mr. Okida's secretary.
I'm sorry about what happened.
The body was found by M.
Tokito, the chauffeur.
He came to pick up the president at about 8:00 a.m.,
but he didn't come down, so he went to his room.
And the president was in bed, dead.
(Kogoro) And the cause of death?
We will know for sure with the autopsy, but it looks like a heart attack.
A sudden death?
According to what his doctor told us, the Okaïdi had a very delicate heart.
And we know that he had been drinking a lot during the night.
It was a special night
because he had signed a very important contract.
His wife always told him not to drink so much.
And where is she now?
Yesterday she went abroad with her daughter.
After meeting you,
we passed by several bars and discos.
When we arrived here, Mr. Okida was very drunk.
In the room, I undressed him, and laid him on the bed.
The approximate time of death is around two o'clock.
Just to know: where were you at that time?
I arrived at my apartment at one o'clock.
Then, around two o'clock,

I went to a store near my home.
I dropped an egg in the cash register.
You can ask the cashier.
Wow, that's a cute cat, isn't it?
Her name is Asuran, and she's Mr. Okida's cat.
Okida's cat.
He was very fond of cats, the president.
Wow, he must be very hungry.
I'll put some food in it.
Inspector, please, I'd like to see the corpse too.
Then go to him, Kogoro, but not you.
I wouldn't come in.
Well, I see him.
There are no external injuries,
nor does he appear to have consumed any toxic products.
But why must he have sweated so much?
Look, look, he's soaking wet.
And the sheets too.
They're too springy, from having had a heart attack.
You had to come!
Isn't it true that you said that the air conditioning is controlled by the computer
so that there is a pleasant temperature?
Well, why...?
You were told to stay outside!
Get out!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
That's too bad!
Eh?
(Think) "Wilted flowers."
"A receipt from the florist."
(Adult voice) Dated yesterday.
Mrs. Okida was supposed to buy them.
Why are they so wilted, if it's only been a day?
The chocolate has melted and hardened again!
Hey... Do you like cats, handsome?
Hey, Mr. President must have been very, very much, in Tokito,
that he chose her as his chauffeur...
Ah, he's a programmer in Tokito.
Yes, he used to work as a programmer in our company.
Two years ago, he founded a software company with two friends of his,
but it didn't do well.
That company went down the drain.
And 6 months ago,
kneeling before the president, he asked him for forgiveness
and begged him to hire him back.
Sure, that's why he hired him as a chauffeur?
Yes, because President Okida was a compassionate person.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the company
and notify the shareholders.
(Adult voice) No, President Okida did not hire him out of compassion.
This was not a good faith deed, but as a punishment.
If he were a person with a good heart....
Let them become, clueless, Tokito!
Let's see if you learn!
...shouldn't be booed in public like that.
Conan, what are you doing?
What were you talking about, with Mr. Tokito?
Were you having a good time?
We were talking about the Asuran.
He says that long-haired cats don't adapt very well to heat.
You have to control the temperature.
Yes... yes, they are delicate.
(Think) "If the temperature rises high enough to melt the chocolate,
it would have affected the cat too."
"But he doesn't look sick."
I'll go talk to Mr.
Tokito.
Mr. Tokito, is it true that you are a programmer?
I've been told that you founded a software company with a friend of yours.
And that interests me a lot
because I would like to have a game company, big time.
Very well...
But he made programs for companies, serious programs, not games, my boy.
Ah... but it's hard, running a company.
You had to close it, didn't you?
Yes, but at the beginning it went very well...
Until a man made us a deadly sabotage.
And then...
My friend became depressed and committed suicide.
This man, maybe it was President Okida, sir?
Eh?
(laughs) The adult world is very complicated, man.
Don't mind me, it's not worth it.
(Think) "Mr. Tokito hated the president enough to assassinate him."
"He might have begged me to hire him for revenge."
"If the heart attack had been provoked,
the prime suspect would be Mr. Tokito."
"This hypothesis seems very clear."
"But what method could he have used?"
(Agasa) Accessing a computer?
(Adult voice) You can access a computer in one house
through the telephone line from another location
and change the air conditioning program?
Yes, of course!
But only if you are a good specialist, Shinichi.
(He thinks) "Tokito-san is an expert programmer."
"But... it's not enough, just raising the temperature."
Eqs, what's this?
Ah, I must have dropped some ice cream on the floor.
As absent-minded as ever.
I have to change my sock.
Isn't it a little hot in here?
Shall we turn up the air conditioning?
No, it's fine, like this.

It doesn't affect you because you're young,
but for me, the less difference between inside and outside, the better.
An older man walked into a store with strong air conditioning,
and he had a heart attack.
A heart attack?!
Yes, on the street it was hot and in the store it was cold.
(He thinks) "I get it!"
"Mr. Tokito heated up the room,
then lowered the temperature to give him a heart attack!"
But it will be hard to prove.
There will be no problem if the program is installed,
but it must not be anymore.
Well, you know what?
I'll go look at it right now.
To make it work, I'd like you to do something for me, doctor.
What do you want me to do?
It's got, uh, some suc.
Thank you.
I find it very funny, that you came just to see the computer.
Yes, I'd really like to see it.
What's this?
What are these?
Well, well, what must they be, these little papers?
Is something wrong?
Ah, no, nothing, nothing...
It's very nice, this computer.
I'd love to have one like it.
You're a little too young, though.
Would you like to play a game? (Alarm)
(Alarm)
Isn't that your car? (Alarm)
It's the company car.
The burglar alarm has gone off. (Alarm)
I'll go check it out. (Alarm)
(Alarm)
(Robotic voice) The door does not open, it does not open. (Alarm)
(Alarm)
Who could have done it?
And if it had been that child?
What a pity.
There is no data, here.
I played poker with the computer.
I won it with a partner.
In you know a lot, Conan.
(Think) "No need to m'esveri. It must be some kid's joke."
How did it go, Shinichi?
From the look on your face, I interpret that you haven't found the program.
Yes...
The only useful thing was playing poker with the computer.
Wow, what a day!
Mmm?
(Think) "A cat hair."
"Asuran's hair must have gotten stuck to me
when I went to President Okida's house."
"Sure, the cat..."
"If it's a long-haired cat and it raises the temperature,
she should have gotten sick."
"As long as I haven't settled this, I can't make any deductions."
"Wait a minute, I changed my socks earlier."
"This cat hair has stuck to Mr. Tokito's floor."
"I get it!"
"Those pieces of paper were..."
Yes, Megure, say.
(Adult voice) Long time no see.
I'm Shinichi Kudo.
Kudo!
How are you?
I'd like you to make an immediate check,
regarding President Okida's sudden death.
Hmm.
Hmm...
So in Tokito, the chauffeur, huh?
Understood.
Please take them to Conan and Ran.
I'm sure they can help you.
I'll see you later.
Look at having to use a voice transformer
to have my own voice... Gee! (Ringing)
(Ringing)
Good morning, Mr. Tokito, excuse me.
May we come in, please?
Yes, indeed.
Illegally accessing a computer?
He does come up with some interesting things, this Kudo guy.
But I'm not the person you're looking for.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about the night before last.
You took Mr. Okida home.
He was drunk and you put him to bed.
Yes, that's right.
That's good.
Did you do anything else afterwards?
Nothing else?
No, I didn't do anything else, sir.
That's strange...
Hadn't you taken the cat in your apartment, the night before last?
The cat's name is... Asuran...
That's right, the Asuran.
And I thought that yesterday morning he had taken her back to the president's house.
Conan, who came yesterday, had cat hair in his socks.
It must have been cat hairs that must have stuck to my clothes.
But there is also cat litter, here earth.
It's a paper litter that you can flush down the toilet, right?
Yes, this kind of paper litter sticks easily,
especially on the paws of long-haired cats.
Here's more.
And you don't have a cat, do you?
You admit that the day before yesterday you brought the Asuran here with you?
Why did you bring her here, the Asuran?
Because...
You did it consciously
because you knew that Mr.
Okida would be hurt.
The temperature rose suddenly, then dropped sharply.
Because he loves animals,
he took the cat home

because she knew that the drastic change in temperature would harm her.
Mr. Tokito, please don't be quiet,
aren't you kind?
But, Mr.
Tokito, this time you are wrong.
You know better than anyone.
Wasn't the computer invented to make people happy?
Don't you find it terrible,
to use the computer to murder a person?
I thought he was your friend, this computer.
Aren't you aware that you have betrayed a friend of yours?
Conan is absolutely right.
I have almost lost a good friend,
as well as my pride as a professional programmer.
The program I have made is on this floppy disk.
I didn't think I could kill him,
but if it had failed me, I would have devised another system.
Why did you keep it, if it's against you?
I love all the programs I make as if they were my own children.
I didn't see myself with the heart to delete it.
Hey, Conan, do me the favor of telling this Shinichi end
that, although I don't know when I will get out of jail,
when I will have a company again, I will want him as a collaborator.
And you too.
Yes, I will tell him.
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... Aaaaah... Aaaaah!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sa
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Wow!
No way!
Shinichi has stolen the case from me.
How dare he, that peeping tom underling?
(Thinking) "Since when am I a subordinate to you?"
Hey, Conan, did I hear that right?
Did you see Shinichi at Dr. Agasa's house, yesterday?
He suspected it was a murder
as soon as I explained the case to him.
He's the best, though, isn't he?
What are you talking about?
That's not why I'm saying it.
Why didn't you come to me?
You know I'm really worried about Shinichi!
I want to know where he is! I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Tell me where he is, Shinichi.
You know, don't you?
Aaa... I, don't...
Tell me!
Tell me!
Wait, don't go, Conan!
So, the phone rang, right?
That's right.
She picked it up at Conan's.
She said to me, "I'm Tatsumi's wife, who do you want me to be?"
So, she was still alive, right?
In Tatsumi she has a perfect alibi that she was with me.
And besides, it's 10 kilometers, from the hotel to her house.
In the next episode...
The case of the false alibi

