"The cases he investigates at Conan get more complicated every day."
"Today's case involves a mysterious character."
"My goal is to discover the truth."
"He has the brain of an adult
and he is... Detective Conan!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Those of us who have gathered at the mountain house
was me, Ran, Sonoko, her sister, Ayako,
her sister, Ayako;
in Masaru Ohta, who is in the business of buying and selling cars;
Hiroki, a film magazine editor;
Ryuchi Takahashi, who works in a management company, and the film scriptwriter
and film screenwriter Chikako Ikeda."
"8, in all."
"It has all started when a bandaged man has attacked the Ran."
"In the night, someone broke the ropes on the bridge,
and the house was cut off."
"Shortly after, they kidnapped the Chikako,
and murdered her."
"And the murderer tried to kill Ran again."
(Think) "Why?! Why does he want to murder Ran?"
The mysterious man in the case
of the mountain house murder case (II)
(Hiroki) What happened?
(At the same time) -He attacked you again?! - Was it the blindfolded man?
It looks like it, Ryuichi.
Are you all right, Ryuichi? Yes.
But how did he get in?
Did he close the windows? Yes.
Hey!
-What happened? -What's wrong?
-He cut the window pane.
And he opened the window.
But it's the second floor.
How did he get up here?
Masaru!
Look at this!
Maybe he climbed up the tree.
-This man is a monster.
-So much so.
(Thinking) "Something's not right."
"It's raining cats and dogs."
"If he came from outside, he would have left muddy footprints."
"Why?"
It's dangerous that we split up.
We gather selected in the dining room and don't move until tomorrow.
Yes, he's right.
No, let me!
Go on shoulders at my age...!
Deixaaaa'm! Don't be an ass.
Hey, hey!
I could have sworn that Chikako wore this ribbon around her neck.
Ah, yes... it's Chikako's ribbon.
Right after you and the others went to chase the man,
I went to the entrance.
It was by the main gate.
(Hiroko) What are his intentions?
Kill the Chikako, and attack the Ran twice.
What if he wants to kill us all?
-What are you saying?
-Don't scare us.
(Think) "It's strange..."
"The Chikako has gone out
he has taken it and they have disappeared."
"It would be more logical if the tape had fallen in the forest."
Ran, why didn't you stun him with a karate chop?
I don't understand.
Ghosts and monsters don't fall so easily.
(laughs) No need to worry, woman.
There are 6 of us, and he is one.
If we attack him all at the same time...
Masaru! Masaru!
Ouch!
Ay-ay-ay! I got hurt too.
Conan!
Childish pussy!
We are not 6, we are 7, here!
We don't count them, you kids, do you understand?!
It's not true!
Is that so?
When the killer has attacked me he has protected me, right?
Thanks, Conan.
Hey, Ran, did you see the man's face when he attacked you?
The shape of the body, I remember.
I didn't see his face, with so many bandages,
but I saw his body instead.
I picked it up.
He had a body more or less like that.
He was neither too fat nor too thin.
How do you want us to believe the assumptions of a child?
(Think) "Hiroko's video camera."
"I'm sure she had the video running, when she's taken the Chikako."
"It's here!"
"Yes, the Chikako is wearing the ribbon around her neck!"
"We have seen how the murderer passed Chikako's corpse in front of the window...
in front of the window..."
"But then they had to go inside the house."
"
"If the murderer was one of them,
it wouldn't have been hard for him to get inside and take the corpse into the woods."
"But in fact...
when they took Chikako away, we were all here."
-What do you say, shall I make some coffee?
-For me, yes.
Ayako, you were the last one to see the Chikako alive
when she was going to sleep, weren't you?

Yes... And you haven't noticed anything strange?
Now that you mention it,
he was reading a letter he found under the door.
It changed the color of his face.
(Thinking) "The letter, it made her come out!"
"Sure!"
"That's why we found the slippers at the back door."
"She went out the back so we wouldn't see her leave."
"Who left her the letter, I'm sure it's someone in the house."
"If so, the murderer should be one of them."
"But why did Ran want to kill Ran twice?"
"Ran had just met them? Why her?"
"Wait a minute! What if it had been because..."
Aaaaaaaah!
Excuse me, I'm in the wrong room.
Hey, listen, Ran.
Say.
When we went upstairs, you made a mistake and opened the other rooms.
Yes.
Didn't you see anything?
Something?
A cloak or bandages.
He thinks the murderer is one of us?!
Ah!
Don't listen to him.
He loves playing detective!
Are you sure you haven't seen anything?
No.
Everyone was changing and I closed the ordinary doors.
And ever since then there's like a...
like something dancing around in my head.
It seems to me that it wouldn't be anything important...
but I don't remember what it is.
Make an effort, Ran!
(Ayako) -The light's gone out! (Hiroko) -Some lightning.
I'm really scared.
(Ayako) -I'll go and look for some spelms. Aren't you afraid to go alone?
I'll go with you.
(Hiroko) -Me too.
At least we'll have light for a while.
(Knocking and cracking)
What was it, this noise? It came from the dining room.
They're all there.
What if it was the mummy?
Eeeeh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Oh!
Conan, are you okay?
Ran, you've gone too far.
I'm sorry.
What's this?
Wait a minute, isn't that an axe? Behind us was he.
(Thinking) "I'm pretty sure, he's after Ran."
"But why, the Ran?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
It's Sonoko's voice!
Hurry up, Ran!
Come on, hurry up!
Run!
Run!
(Think) "Is the window on the second floor broken?"
Come on, Ran, run to the window!
Will you hold it for a moment?
-It's smashed! -There's glass everywhere.
It looks like he broke the window to get in.
(Thinking) "No, it wasn't like that."
"One of the sashes of the open window."
"If she had broken the window to get into the house,
then one thing would be obvious,
and that is that this latch should still be down."
"And instead, the latch is not down!"
"He has opened the window from the inside and got out."
"And to make it look like he had entered from the outside, he broke it."
He came back in from the second floor!
He must have climbed back onto the balcony for the tree.
"I'd put my hand in the fire!"
"That diabolical killer is one of them!"
"What? What are they, these cuts?"
"Sure!"
"I get it! I know how he did it."
Thank you, Ran.
"What I don't understand is that he wants to murder Ran."
"What could she have seen, the Ran, that she can't remember?
Everyone was changing, I've closed the ordinary doors.
"Could it be that it was him?"
"I know who it is, the bandage man! Sure it's him!"
"This explains the 3 riddles."
"I've already discovered the tactic of the bandage man
who has passed in front of the window with the Chikako."
"And how he took the corpse in the forest."
"And why Ran is attacking."
"All the pieces fit together."
"Ran is the only one who can play the detective."
Ayako, where is it, the candle?
"Ah! I failed!"
Sonoko!
Sonoko!
What happened to you?
Damn it!
I'll have to use the Sonoko, now!"
Sonoko!
(Sonoko voice) I know who it is.
I've discovered the identity of the Chikako's murderer!
(At the same time) What?!
I know for sure who is the person who has murdered Chikako.
But Sonoko, what are you doing now?
Haven't we agreed that the murderer is that man who bandage?
Exactly, and it must still be out here, watching us.
Do you really think it's the forest watching us?
(Sonoko voice) Rumi something!
When the bandage has attacked the Ran, how was it, the room?
If I'm not mistaken, it had entered from the balcony, right, Masaru?
Yes.

And he had jumped from the tree on the second floor balcony.
So why weren't there any muddy footprints?
God it was coming from outside, and it was pouring rain, wasn't it?
Now that you mention it...
The explanation is simple:
there was no mud because he hadn't moved inside.
"He probably went into the Chikako's room,
went out to the balcony
and from there it entered Ran's room to attack her."
"But Ran has called out."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"He has been frightened,
and changed his clothes in Chikako's room."
When he finished,
he went to Ran's room,
to join us, who were already there.
And he pretended as if he hadn't done anything.
Quite simply, Chikako's murderer...
is one of you!
Sonoko, it's all very well, that you want to play detective,
but think a little bit.
When he walked past the window, we were all at home.
How do you want one of us to be that bandage man, then?
With a dummy and piano wire,
you can make a montage to make it look like the man is real.
A dummy?
Yes.
The killer probably used an inflatable dummy.
"He's attached the Chikako's body to the dummy,
and attached the two piano strings to the doll's head."
"He has passed one of the strings through the stairwell,
"and has attached the ends of the strings
to the handrail of the bedroom window."
"Then he cut one of the two ropes."
"When the dummy has finished passing in front of the Window,
he made the dummy and the Chikako run upstairs."
This was done by a person who was on the balcony,
who was theoretically fixing the roof!
Ryuichi!
You're the only one who could have done it!
It's a joke, isn't it, Sonoko?
We have proof from the marks on the handrail,
the marks left by the piano strings!
And for the work you did in the film workshop,
you're the only one who could have invented something like that!
Hey!
Don't talk nonsense!
And the corpse?
What would I have done with the corpse?
"I also went to the forest with the others to look for the man...
and found Chikako's body smashed to pieces!"
I didn't take the corpse there, me.
This is obvious.
I can prove that you have taken the corpse there.
"The Ayako has found the proof at the front door."
"The tape that the Chikako was wearing!"
"If we found it after you had left...
that means someone had just left with the corpse."
What are you saying?
I left empty-handed.
It's impossible to take a body away without anyone seeing it, Sonoko.
(Sonoko voice) That is, if it were a body...
but if it were just the head... surely it could be done!
(At the same time) What?
The only thing we've clearly seen passing in front of the window
was the head of the Chikako.
Besides, you said that his body was dismembered.
This is nonsense!
Who would have the motive to kill the Chikako, me?!
And to attack the Ran?!
And for... for...?!
And for...?!
And for...?
Why don't you finish the sentence?
Because he has a strong proof,
because he has seen that the shape of your body
and that of the bandage man are different!
Yes, this is true, the bandage man is not fatty!
Why didn't you say so?
To defend you?
Simply, because Ryuchi is afraid that I will ask him the fateful question.
"Are you really fat?
That's why, because Ryuichi is not fatty!
He has put his head under his clothes and took it away.
Firstly, he took Chikako out of the forest,
killed it and cut it into pieces.
He exchanged the stuffing he was carrying for the girl's head and came back.
And then, he made that montage from the balcony.
He folded the doll and put it under his clothes with the head
and joined the others.
He made it look like he was looking for her and left her head in the woods.
He made us believe that the man had taken the Chikako,
and in the meantime he could go with the head hidden under his clothes.
It was a convoluted and very risky plan!
He made us believe
that the mummy had taken the Chikako to the forest
and that he had dismembered her there.
He was cleared of all suspicion and carried the dead body to the mummy.

The plan was perfect,
until the Ran broke into his room,
and jeopardized the assembly.
Unintentionally, the Ran has entered her room,
"He saw her and then..."
"He saw the true shape of her body!"
"As everything has been very fast, the Ran has not noticed,
but he thought that if she remembered,
his plan would go to hell."
"That's why he attacked the Ran, because she couldn't give him away."
"But he didn't get away with it."
"With all that commotion,
he was afraid that Chikako would leave the house."
"And he cut off the phone and the ropes to the bridge,
to prevent anyone from leaving the house."
Then he made Chikako go to the forest and killed him there.
To make him go away,
she left him a letter under the door.
It was to tell him something about Atsuko,
the girl from the theater workshop, who committed suicide.
It's true.
I did it for Atsuko!
What?
Ryuichi!
"At the theater workshop headquarters,
he showed me a novel he had just written."
"She told me she wanted to be a novelist."
"She was excited."
"Suddenly, she hung herself in her room."
"I knew the reason when I saw" the blue kingdom ",
where Chikako is the scriptwriter!"
- "The blue kingdom"!
-And you mean...
Exactly.
The plot of this movie
is the same as the Atsuko's story.
-Chikako copied it... -She copied it?
Yes, with that script, Chikako, when she was still a student,
won a prize and became famous.
How can you be sure that she committed suicide because of that?
The day Chikako received the award,
Atsuko called me and said... "I'll never trust anyone again!"
I made her come to the forest
with the threat that if she didn't come, she would air that secret.
She fell into the trap, and I cut off her head!
Now it's all over.
I too...
I'll go with Atsuko.
Quiet, Ryuichi!
Don't come any closer! (Sonoko voice) Ryuichi!
I'm going to the other world, as a messenger of justice!
Don't do any more comedy, you bastard!
If you want to die, don't make us wait any longer!
Sound... Sonoko.
I've had enough of this game, Ryuichi.
You've committed this nefarious crime with Atsuko in mind,
but you attacked Ran, and this has nothing to do with it.
You were afraid that she would give you away and you decided to eliminate her!
Now you are no longer a messenger of justice!
You are no longer a messenger of anything.
You are a miserable bloodthirsty murderer, and nothing more!
"The betrayal of a friend has caused the death of another friend."
"It is the tragedy of a friend who has let evil into her heart."
"The icy horror of a nightmare night will soon come to an end."
"But, beware!"
"If we let our guard down,
he will show his face again from the heart of the people."
"The face of the evil killer called, 'vengeance'."
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano.
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani.
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I'm glad, that your sister has recovered from the trauma.
Yes, so am I.
She spent a week in bed sick.
But that case was solved,
thanks to your incredible powers of deduction!
What?
(Think) "What does it say?"
You're going to act like a professional detective!
"I have to change the subject."
Ran, beautiful, you saw... It was so easy!
No case can resist me, I'm the best.
Shinichi and your father are history.
The era of detective Sonoko Suzuki has arrived!
(Thinks) "It was a screw-up, letting her play the role of a detective."
(Think) "Yoko had a motive for murder in Nakamoto,
but she has a good alibi!"
"If the Yoko was the asssassina..."
Look, the video isn't here.
"Sure! I've got it!"
"She has used the Ayumi for her alibi!"
In the next episode...
The murder case from Monday to 2/4 from 8 o'clock in the evening

