"The cases he investigates at Conan get more complicated every day."
"At 2/4 of 8 something will happen near where the Ayumi is."
"If he appears in Conan, there is no case left to solve!"
("Mune ga doki doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
The murder case from Monday to 2/4 from 8:00 p.m.
I'm looking forward to the evening to watch "Yaiba the Masked".
Yes, the episode is titled, "The Green Man and the Ultimate Battle."
I get excited just thinking about it.
What's wrong with you, Ayumi?
You look like a cat.
It's just that I have to go to the dentist to have a tooth pulled.
-A tooth? -That's decayed?
No, it's a baby tooth that hasn't fallen out yet,
and they have to pull it out so that the one underneath will come out well.
My tooth hurts just thinking about it.
Which dentist do you go to?
Sawaki Dental Clinic.
Oh, I've been there before.
There's a very nice and pretty doctor.
She has a lot of work and you have to make an appointment well in advance.
But she said the sooner we get it out, the better.
And she told me to come at the last minute.
-What time is it, last minute? -At 2/4 of 7.
In "Yaiba the Masked" he goes to 2/4 of 8.
(Thinking) "At "Yaiba the Masked" and the milk tooth..."
"My God, what I must look like..."
Look, Ayumi, here we are.
He told me to come in through the back door.
(Intercom) Yes?
-I'm Ayumi.
Come in, come in.
This is my friend, Conan Edogawa.
He's come to keep me company.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Ayumi has already told me a lot about you and Kogoro Mouri.
A famous detective who solves difficult cases, right?
Uh, ah, yes... Well...
You're a great detective too, aren't you, Conan?
Ayumi is an exaggerator...
Well...
You'd better go now.
If you don't mind, I'll wait for the Ayumi.
Don't suffer, I'll join him at home.
It's getting dark, go on home.
Come on, Ayumi, you can go in now.
Come on in.
Goodbye, Ayumi, then.
If he's already with you, I'm going.
Yes!
All right, thank you, Conan.
I'll be right with you.
Wait for me here.
Very well, then.
Some letters from Yaiba the Masked!
Please protect me, Yaiba, don't let the dentist hurt me.
What't'empatolles, you, now?
It doesn't matter if the apartment has defects.
What interests us is to sell it.
(Doorbell)
Who can it be, at this hour?
I'll call you.
I'll call you back.
Who is there?
Why is that?
Hey, guys, there was a murder in Haidocho last night.
Yeah, yeah, I read about it in the paper.
The president of a real estate company was murdered.
The doorman and a woman who lives in the building found him.
And this woman happens to be Ayumi's dentist.
What a ?
A policeman came to ask me where I was and what I was doing 2/4 of 8.
2/4 of 8...
I told him I was at Sawaki Dental Clinic,
and that I had seen "Yaiba the Masked" with Dr. Sawaki.
Why should the police question you?
They must want to check the doctor's alibi.
If you say he was killed around 2/4 of 8...
Well, the inspector told me.
This means that Dr. Sawaki... is not a suspect.
Mitsuhiko, wasn't it great, yesterday's episode on Yaiba?
Of course it was!
Especially when she fought with Battler!
I suffered a lot.
What did you think, Ayumi?
Wow!
What a rage!
No right, I almost didn't see it.
You didn't see it with the doctor?
I only saw the first part.
I fell asleep.
You fell asleep?!
What do you mean?
Tell me, please.
Okay, okay, okay.
So yesterday...
That's it.
It hasn't done you any harm, has it?
No...
but I'm a little sleepy, Dr. Sawaki.
Maybe your nerves have worn you out.
Rest in the waiting room for a while.
But I have to watch Yaiba the Masked, 2/4 of 8.
Don't worry.
I'll wake you up before it starts.
And you can watch it on the TV in the waiting room.
Ayumi!
Ayumi... Wake up...
Come on, it's starting on Yaiba the Masked.
(Tune of "Yaiba the Masked)
Yaibaaa!
And you'd better drink this.

Maybe it would start hurting you when you woke up.
Okay, okay, okay.
And now rest...
Of course I will!
Thank you, Yaiba, for protecting me.
Thanks to you I didn't feel anything.
And I put the letter back.
You used Yaiba's letter as if it were an amulet.
And then?
At first I was very concentrated watching TV...
but I fell asleep again.
Ayumi, Ayumi, wake up.
Oooooh!
It's over.
I'm sorry, I tried to wake up, but you were sleeping.
Come on Ayumi, let's go home.
Ok, ok.
And I couldn't watch the whole episode.
Don't be depressed, that's why.
Someone must have recorded it.
Yes, we'll ask.
Hello!
Inspector Megure! Hello, I've been waiting for you.
I came to see you because I'd like you to confirm something.
Headquarters here.
Yes.
Why did you go to the victim's apartment with the doorman, Yoko Sawaki?
When she came back from the clinic, around 2/4 of 9:00 p.m.,
he went to see the doorman in case he could tell Mr.
Nakamoto
to turn down the TV because it was on high.
When he wouldn't open them, they pushed the door,
and found Mr. Nakamoto dead.
Nakamoto dead.
He came to see me to confirm the alibi,
because he thinks she had a motive to kill him.
Is that true, Inspector?
26 years ago, in Katsuhiko Nakamoto, the victim,
testified as a suspect
in a murder case in the Yamanashi district.
What do you say now?
That case was very high-profile.
A 9-year-old boy was murdered.
"But they dropped the charges against Nakamoto-san
due to insufficient evidence."
"The murdered boy had a 7-year-old sister,
who just happens to be...
Yoko Sawaki."
You have real reason to believe it may have been her, Inspector.
That's right.
But she says she didn't know,
that Nakamoto would have been charged with that murder.
Mm, what a coincidence.
It doesn't look like it could be.
You want the opinion of Kogoro, the famous detective, and not me, right?
The police can't ask for an opinion on that.
Conan is right.
Don't worry about it.
I'll help you in any way I can.
Good.
Now the problem is the alibi, confirmed by the Ayumi.
"To go from the dental clinic to Yoko's apartment,
it takes 15 minutes by car."
"It would have taken just over half an hour for the Ayumi to fall asleep,
go to her apartment, kill M.
Nakamoto and come back."
"If the Ayumi had not confirmed
that Yoko woke her up around 2/4 of 8,
he would have had time to commit the murder."
"But if the Ayumi says so, well we have to believe it, don't we?"
You are sure that the murder was committed at 2/4 of 8?
Yes.
Just before the murder,
one of the victim's workers spoke to him on the phone.
He felt the doorbell ring a minute before 2/4 of 8.
And furthermore, the autopsy has definitely confirmed it.
Yoko Sawaki has the perfect alibi.
Of course... I get it, Inspector!
Let's go to Sawaki Dental Clinic,
and the famous Kogoro Mouri will blow her perfect alibi.
Are you serious, Kogoro?
Please come in.
Sorry to disturb you, Dr. Sawaki.
Don't suffer.
Seguin, please.
These are the letters the Ayumi was saying.
-I'll bring you some coffee.
-Wait, please.
I'd like to explain my brilliant deduction.
I'd put my hand in the fire that you... kill M.
Nakamoto!
What? But Kogoro, you have an alibi.
The episode on Yaiba that put the Ayumi had previously recorded it.
He passed it to 2/4 of 9, and not to step 2/4 of 8.
What are you saying?
Please continue.
After killing Mr.
Nakamoto,
"Arrived here 5 minutes before 8 o'clock."
"Woke up Ayumi at around 8,
and played the videotape he had recorded automatically."
"He then told the Ayumi that he was giving him a painkiller,
when in fact, he gave her a sleeping pill."
"He woke her up again after 10 minutes
to show her the final summary."
You had manipulated the clock,
so the Ayumi declared it was that time.
You look fantastic, Kogoro.
But, listen...
I don't see the video, father.
Hey, hey, hey!
No!
Dr. Sawaki was supposed to get rid of the evidence, right?
Well, she didn't.
I'm sorry to tell you that your deduction is incorrect, Mr.
Mouri.
Around 8 o'clock I took the Ayumi home.

And when we arrived, it would be approximately 8:05.
Your family will be able to confirm that, Mr. Detective.
No, no, it can't be...
You see?
(thinks) "Your deduction is not correct, but..."
I'll walk him home.
It's getting dark, you'd better go.
"The doctor was very insistent that I go home."
"Because if I had stayed to wait for Ayumi,
I would have blown her alibi."
"The body was to find out when she got home,
so that a correct calculation of the time of death could be made."
"Everything was set up to confirm her alibi."
"If she is the killer...
this alibi must be flawed."
"Surely it must have."
"An alibi has 3 basic factors: the people, the time and the place."
"As for the people, no one would doubt the Ayumi's testimony."
"The time of death cannot be manipulated."
This means that the only factor left is that of place.
"A construction site."
"It has been left half-built."
"These ruts are fresh."
"If we park the car here,
you could get into the building without anyone seeing you."
(Adult voice) It must be the doctor's apartment,
so the curtains are the same as the ones in the clinic.
"I get it, I know!"
"I was right: he has cheated the police with the place!"
"If it were like that, I'm sure she'd have that in her apartment."
Hello, Conan.
Hello, doctor.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
Do you want to talk to me?
And now... About what?
Come on in.
Come on in.
Conan, do you want some juice? Yes.
What did you throw in the fridge, doctor? Huh?
You also changed the clock and the calendar, didn't you?
But she couldn't change the TV because it was too big.
I don't understand you, Conan.
The neighbors might get suspicious if she took out the sofa and the table.
But at least he could have changed the curtains.
But Conan...
I've already dismantled your alibi, Dr. Sawaki.
You decorated this room just like the one in your clinic,
and made Ayumi believe she was there.
It's very interesting, that.
I'd like you to explain it to me properly, Mr.
detective.
Yes, and so much.
"First, he anesthetized the Ayumi at the clinic,
and 10 minutes before 7, drove her to Haidocho."
"At about 1/4 and 5 of 8, he parked the construction site,
"and Ayumi came up to her house and left her on the couch in the apartment,
which is now the same as the one in the clinic."
"Around 2/4 of 8, he murdered M. Nakamoto."
"He went into the apartment and turned up the volume on the TV,
hoping that someone would find the body after a short time."
"It was important to time the time of death accurately,
because then he would have an airtight alibi."
"Then he returned home, woke up the Ayumi
and told him that the series had just begun."
"And he gave him another sleeping pill."
"When the Ayumi had gone to sleep, he took her away.
and they arrived at the clinic shortly before 8 o'clock."
"He woke the Ayumi so that she could watch the summary of the next episode."
"But when he returned home,
"Mr. Nakamoto's body had not yet been discovered.
Nakamoto."
"That's why he had to go to the janitor,
even though it meant you risked being suspected."
That's a very interesting deduction.
But you have no proof, and so you can do nothing....
I do have proof.
It's inside this card game.
Before I pulled out his tooth,
the Ayumi put one of these cards in his pocket,
as if it were a lucky charm.
It was the ace of hearts.
And when he had already pulled out the tooth, he put it back.
If the card that the Ayumi returned to the game is here
there should be two aces of hearts, in this card game.
Here is one.
There should be the Ayumi's fingerprints on one of them.
Listen Conan, you haven't told anyone, have you?
Well, no, no one.
Nobody knows that I'm here.
All right, you've won, Conan.
You're absolutely right.
You remembered Mr.
Nakamoto... didn't you?
I will never forget his face, ever!
26 years ago, I saw how he took my brother and how he took it!
The judge decided that he could not be tried
based solely on the testimony of a 7 year old girl.
If there had been police and judges like you,

would have continued the investigation
and would not have let Nakamoto go so easily.
And maybe they would have found some other evidence
and would have punished him as he deserved for committing that crime.
"It seemed like the doctor had a weight lifted off her shoulders."
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano.
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Kogoro) You can never tell.
In the end, that dentist turned herself in to the police,
and they had no evidence to charge her.
No guessing how she had done it, right?
Maybe, the doctor, didn't mind being arrested.
Maybe that's why she used the Ayumi because it confirmed her alibi:
the Ayumi had told her about Kogoro.
Dr. Sawaki wanted me to find evidence against her?
(She thinks) "Or it could also be that Yoko Sawaki 26 years ago
wanted my help."
"You see in Conan she investigates complicated cases."
"If she appears in Conan everything is solved."
"Today's case seemed impossible to solve,
but in Conan he has discovered the truth,
because there is only one truth."
Give me your address!
(Kogoro) Why?
Because if I don't get there soon, he'll kill them!
What?!
In the next episode...
The cactus murder case

