"The cases he investigates at Conan get more complicated every day."
"Today a man's alibi must be thrown out."
"He may look like a child, but he has the brains of an adult
And he is... Detective Conan!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Fire Party Murder Case
(Adult voice) You know what I think, doctor?
Maybe we won't find any clues from those men in black.
You said that if you made a name for yourself in Kogoro, you would have more customers
and that you would get information about them.
You have more clients now, don't you?
Yes, of course he has more customers, but we haven't found any clues.
Don't want to rush things, Sinishi.
If you rush things, they might find out your secret.
And you know what could happen, if they found out.
I know, it would endanger the lives of the Ran and Kogoro.
You will have to have a little patience.
Think that patience is basic, for a detective....
By the way, what experiment are you doing now?
You mean this one?
This is...
Did you get an idea of what kind of experiment it was?
Yes, yes, doctor, and so much, dangerous kind!
(thinks) "Gee, what a day we've had, today..."
"It's Kogoro. What's he doing?
Do you like these, sir?
I'll make them for you right away.
We need your address so we can get the package to you.
Hey, Kogoro!
What are you doing? Xxxxxt!
Xxxxxxt!
I'm working!
I'm working!
You must not be following that man, by any chance?
Shut up!
He'll still see me!
Go home!
And tell Ran that I'll be late, not to wait for me for dinner!
Ah!
I'm sorry...
(Thinks) "Let's see if he'll still drink badly."
(Exclamations of enthusiasm)
-Viscaaaaa! -Viva!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Kogoro laughs)
What an easy job!
I guard a man for 3 days and I get paid 500,000 yen!
You can come now, of these, yes!
This shows that you're starting to become a very famous detective, father.
I don't believe it myself.
I've solved all the complicated cases.
(thinks) "Me, the one who solved them."
The work has been going well for you since you arrived in Conan.
Maybe it turns out that it's you, which has brought us so much luck.
(laughs nervously) You can count!
How long do we have to keep this nano at home?
Do you know if his parents are still in the hospital?
Yesterday, when I went to see Dr. Agasa, he told me....
Ah, they have been discharged,
but they had to go on a very important business trip.
And they have not been taken in Conan?
They told me, they told me to phone us right away when they came back!
And you go and take him back, right?
What did you want me to do?
Where do you want me to go, poor Conan?
So your parents have abandoned you here.
(thinks) "Oh, if you only knew."
We'll tell them to pay us their expenses.
As you go too far.
(TV) "Today, around 8 o'clock in the evening,
during the Tsumagoi fire festival in the Gunma district,
a corpse was found in the bonfire.
Thanks to personal items, the corpse has been identified..."
It can't be him!
It must be him!
It must be him!
I'm sure of it!
What's the matter, dad?
Do you know him?
Do I know him?
I've spent the last 3 days with this man!
The last 3 days?
What's he saying?!
Of course I know him!
Yes, I was following him until just yesterday.
It was this man, in Masato Negishi!
He's late, the father.
He said he would only make a statement.
(He thinks) "It's normal."
"If he was still in Negishi until the day before his death,
the police will want to ask him a lot of questions."
"It's a valuable testimony."
"Let's see if he comes back soon and tells us about it."
"This suspense is getting on my nerves!"
(Kogoro) 5... 500 million yen?
Yes...
Mr.
Negishi had a 500 million yen life insurance policy.
I find it very strange that Mr. Negishi being only a friend of his,

the sole beneficiary of this money, Mr. Yutaka Abe!
Yutaka Abe!
Besides, you are the one who commissioned me to follow Mr.
Negishi!
Why did you leave him all the insurance money?
It was like a game.
What a ?!
We've been friends for 20 years.
Since we were in college.
One day, while we were having a few drinks, he said...
We are now 42 years old.
We are not young anymore.
How about we make a bet on who will live the longest?
Okay, Masaki...
I propose we bet... 500 million yen.
I accepted his proposal.
And they took out a 500 million yen policy?
I didn't think I would win the bet after 3 months, obviously.
Why should Mouri continue?
Well... Mostly for security reasons.
Recently in Masaki he said to me: "Someone is after me.
They will kill me.
You'll see."
What?
"They will kill me" ?!
I thought he was joking,
but as I saw him very nervous,
I hired M.
Mouri to check if you were being chased.
Isn't that right, Mr. Mouri?
I'm sorry, but I'll have to go.
I have a lot of work to do.
I own a small business, and you know that.
I hope they find Mr. Negishi's killer soon.
You can rest assured.
You will be the first to know, when we find him!
Believe me, it would make me very happy, Mr. Detective.
This Yukata Abe seems to be the prime suspect,
but it turns out he has an alibi.
(Think) "A perfect alibi."
He's suspicious, he's very suspicious!
I'd swear this man is the killer!
500,000 yen!
Just to follow a man for 3 days, 500,000 yen!
It's exaggerated!
And that air of superiority he has!
Sir!
It's getting on my nerves!
If it's so clear, why don't they stop him?
Because he has the perfect alibi.
Besides, it was me who confirmed his alibi!
"They found the body on the day of the fire festival,
which was Sunday night."
"I followed him until Saturday night,
the night before the murder."
He was murdered
between Saturday night, when I left him,
and Sunday evening, when the bonfire was lit.
The suspect committed the murder between Saturday and Sunday.
And he couldn't do it:
the suspect was on a trip from Saturday morning to date.
He has gone on a company trip to Kyushu, with his employees.
How can you see so clearly that he is the murderer?
Because... my great detective's intuition tells me so!
Oh my gosh!
(thinks) "The alibi, right?"
Shit!
But what's wrong, father?
Are you all right?
The Abe has already collected the insurance money from Negishi!
He's had the bar to keep the 500 million yen!
I'll blow his alibi, no matter what!
What is this all about?
A photo report of the Abe's trip to Kyushu.
Inspector Megure left them for me.
There must be a clue, in some of these photos.
And now, I, in Kogoro Mouri, the famous detective, the most brilliant,
will unmask Yukata Abe!
Oh!
Wow, the father is on!
(He thinks) "Let's see if he will be socarrimarà."
If he didn't leave the country,
he could run away for a few hours and come back later.
It's true, daughter.
But his alibi has no cracks in it.
Especially from Saturday night to Sunday evening.
Saturday night he played mah-jong with his employees,
and Sunday they took a sightseeing tour.
There are pictures to prove it.
(He thinks) "Eh? This photo..."
Our suspect was only alone
when he took a two-hour nap on Sunday after lunch.
But it would be impossible to go from Kyushu to Gunma,
and back in two hours.
What rivers, you, now?
These photos are very curious.
Curious?
Yes, yes, look carefully!
In all the photos of this man there is a clock in the background.
Now that you mention it... He must like watches.
(He thinks) "It's not very natural."
"It's as if he made them to prove his alibi."
"As he says..."
"Wait a minute! This has happened before."
"Whenever I hesitate,
he makes some remark that serves as a clue..."
Hey, what is it, this envelope?
Ah, there's...
Negishi's tracking photos.

Wow, they got mixed up!
The photos of the man they murdered.
Voices what have you done?!
Hey, father what are you doing!
Hey, are you all right, Conan?
Run away badly, run away, we don't want to see!
(thinks) "Now I'm touched..."
(Think) "Who becomes a creature."
Hey, father...
Is he the one who burned to death?
So that the body was unrecognizable.
Yes, there's no doubt about that.
They found his driver's license next to the party bonfire.
And according to the coroner, the teeth also matched.
(Think) "That's strange."
"Normally, criminals hide their crimes."
"And this one leaves the corpse at the bonfire to be discovered.
Also, he leaves the man's driver's license for identification.
"Someone has to come out ahead, if they find the body."
"The beneficiary of the insurance policy, the Abe!"
"Just like it says in Kogoro, the killer is him!"
"But he has the perfect alibi..."
"There must be some detail,
that will allow us to tear his alibi to shreds."
"This is...?!"
"This photo..."
"Which is strange."
"The Mr. Negishi that I saw was...
...he was right-handed."
"Could it be that...?"
What are you doing, Conan?
(Thinking) "Just as I imagined,
these are from Thursday and Friday..."
"These photos are from Saturday."
"In Kogoro, Mr. Negishi followed Mr. Negishi
from Thursday to Saturday, 3 days..."
"They found the body Sunday night."
"Everything indicates that the crime was committed
between Saturday night and sunset Sunday."
"But if in Yukata Abe, the suspect,
was traveling in Kyushu from Saturday to Monday,
his alibi is perfect."
"Now if it were true what I think, the alibi would be..."
Oh!
Ouch!
Ouch!
Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! Stop it, kiddo!
I've got to keep watch all the time!
This kid sticks his nose everywhere!
Don't take it out on him, when you don't solve a case!
I know Yutaka Abe is guilty!
He has a cell phone of course!
A motive?
The Abe's company had a debt of 300 million yen!
He has paid with the 500 million of Negishi's insurance.
And now he will go abroad with the remaining 200 million.
Overseas?
In Yutaka Abe will appoint a replacement to run the company,
and he'll be gone for a good season!
He leaves tonight at 9 o'clock. (thinks) "At 9 o'clock!? It's 3 hours away!"
"We'll have a hard time, if he goes abroad."
"We have to put him between a rock and a hard place...
and make him confess to the crime."
"I have to force Kogoro and the inspector to go to the airport."
"I know what I'll do!"
(Kogoro) What?!
They've dismantled the Abe's alibi?!
Are you serious, Inspector Megure?
(Megure voice) Yes, I'm leaving for the airport right now!
Come be a witness.
Would you mind coming over?
I'll wait for you at Terminal 1!
(Thinking) "Very well... Now, Kogoro's voice."
(Kogoro's voice) Hello, Inspector Megure!
This is Kogoro Mouri!
Come on, don't get in the way, you guys!
De acord.
D'accord.
Damn... this pair always sticking to the back!
What a crowd!
They won't be easy to find, the inspector and his men.
Father, do you know what he wants to catch, Abe? Aaa... it seems to me that it was...
(Think) "Shit. They'll be boarding in a moment!"
"I'll gamble a bit, but I have to make her leave..."
(Loudspeaker: female voice) "Please request Mr. Abe,
"who is taking flight 99 to Seattle,
to exit at the main parking lot of the airport,
where Mr. Masaki Negishi...
Masaki Negishi..."
"Please, we kindly ask Mr. Abe,
who is taking flight 99 to Seattle..."
Hey, Father, what's up?
Hello!
Inspector Megure!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
All right, please explain to me how you did it,
to dismantle the Abe's alibi?
Eh?
Didn't you know about this, Kogoro?
Where the hell did you get to, Conan?
You had it all figured out, didn't you, sir?
Did he?
Who is it?!
Mr.
Mr. Negishi died Friday night, right?
The day before you left on your trip.
The next day, Detective Mouri tracked down a man
who looked just like Mr.
Negishi.
Come on, who are you?
Who are you?

Because everyone believed that he had not died until the Sabbath.
You went before Saturday at the place where the feast was being held,
and they didn't find the body until Sunday night.
It was impossible to calculate the exact time of death
because of the state in which the body had been left.
And they established that he had died between Saturday night and Sunday.
And on Monday morning, you came back so calm.
And you had the perfect alibi!
Am I right?
(thinks) "Oh! A child?!"
A police inspector was talking about the case a moment ago,
and I've drawn my own deductions.
He screwed up, when he chose Mr. Negishi's double.
Maybe he fooled Kogoro, but the photos have revealed the truth.
The double, unlike Mr. Negishi, was right-handed.
Why doesn't he turn himself in to the police?
The airport is full.
You're a genius, son.
A great deduction!
You're right, I did murder Masaki Negishi..,
but I won't plead guilty.
I've decided that I'm going to live the high life, abroad.
Don't you understand that I will explain to the police what you just told me?
No one will believe that I'm a creature...
I think I can rest assured.
But wait, Mr. Abe...
Maybe they'll believe it if it's your voice.
(Recording) It's true that I killed Masaki Negishi.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You bastard!
Don't try to make a fool of me, kid!
What do you know?
You don't know what it's like to have a company that goes down the drain!
It's his fault, that asshole for letting himself get tangled up!
In Negishi was stupid to follow my beta
and take out a million dollar insurance policy!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
And you're just as dumb, because now I'll kill you too!
(Think) "Believe it... the donkey is you."
"I had thought I'd forgive you if I turned you over to the police."
"But I've run out of patience!"
You can get ready now.
I'll make you a new face!
What happened?!
(Recording) "It's true that I murdered Masaki Negishi,
but I won't plead guilty."
Geez, who the fuck did all this?
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano!
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani.
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Kogoro) You bastard!
He had the bar to use me to confirm his alibi!
But it's all cleared up now.
Isn't it true that they found Mr. Negishi's double?
Negishi?
Yes, the Abe asked him to stay one more day in town.
That's what the Abe said when we found him in the parking lot...
The kid!
The kid did it to me, that's what!
And the only child that was running around was...
Impossible, Father.
It can't be.
(He thinks) "It's not easy at all, to behave like a little boy."
La Ran is alone, now ?!
The noise of the water...
Raaaaan!
And it could also be a common killer with no specific motive.
In the next chapter...
The case of the murdered heiress.

