"The cases he investigates at Conan get more complicated every day."
"Today, a wealthy heiress turns up murdered."
"No one has found any clues."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult
and he's... Detective Conan!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"We have been invited to the birthday party of Reika Yotsui,
the only daughter of a very rich man."
"But during the party,
"someone slashed the tires of several cars...
and we had to stay with Reika and her suitors."
"The Reika has disappeared
and while we were looking for her, in Yuji has turned up dead."
"In the Ran they have also attacked him and tried to drown her,
but I was able to save him."
"With the blackout,
I deduced that the killer must be someone in the group."
"And then we found Reika drowned in the bathtub."
The case of the murdered heiress, part two.
Miss Reika... My God, who did this to her, this?!
(Kogoro) I think she drowned, but the autopsy will confirm it.
It is obvious that someone has held her head in the bathtub.
This means that the murderer always acts in the same way.
In Yuji Nikaido has drowned in the fountain in the garden,
and they tried to drown Ran in the kitchen sink.
The method is the same.
Unbelievable.
You mean...
That the two crimes were committed randomly?
Probably.
Besides, it seems that the killer has a great ruthlessness.
Fixeu's him.
You see?
His dress and socks are soaked.
That means she must have put up quite a fight, poor girl.
And the marks on her wrists and ankles indicate that she was bound,
and there's also a duct-tape mark on her mouth.
They must have kept it closed until the time of the murder.
But... who could have done it, something so terrible?
Uh, in Takashi, the Osamu and Mrs. Yone,
they've been to the bathroom before, right?
Yes.
And you didn't see anyone or hear any suspicious noises?
No.
When I went into the bathroom, they waited outside,
but I didn't see anything strange, inside.
Takashi was the last to go,
and as he proposed, me and Mrs. Yone made coffee.
I understand...
You had time to kill Reika.
-You don't need to deceive us.
-What?
Takuya!
It takes 5 or 6 minutes to prepare the coffee.
You should have had time to make it look like you're the washroom
while you were going to look for Reika,
take her to the bathroom and then kill her, right?
That's a lie!
It's not me, the murderer!
It's true.
It's not Takashi.
She must have died between 5 and 6 am.
The only ones who have a chance of having done it are you two.
Why don't we talk?
You'd have to tell me what you've done.
He has gone to the toilet, so he can't have done it.
And I'Osamu and Mrs. Yone are also out of the question.
They have been with me from 4 o'clock until 7 o'clock.
Now that they have an alibi that is true,
it's clearer now that they are the two suspects.
There are only two people who have not been accompanied.
In Takuya and Mr.
Rokudo, who were in the room.
Well look, it's very simple.
It was Mr. Rokudo, because I didn't do it.
Nonsense.
I saw you around 6 o'clock.
"You were sneaking out of your room
and going somewhere."
Is it true, Takuya?
Yes, I was falling asleep and went to wash my face in the upstairs bathroom.
I don't see it very clearly.
The toilet is next to the stairs,
you could have gone downstairs and committed the crime.
What are you insinuating?
Sure, you're right, I don't have any witnesses.
But it's the same for you.
Because while we were upstairs, I didn't see you!
No one can be sure that you have not moved from the room!
Gentlemen, it is not necessary to fight.
It is not necessary.
We don't know anything for sure,
and suspicions are just that: suspicions.
The point is that the crime was committed between 5 and 6 o'clock.
(He thinks) "En Kogoro was right."

"He must have died between 5 and 6 a.m."
"And the prime suspects are the two he says."
"But I don't quite understand."
"Why are his clothes so wet?"
"For all the resistance he's put up..."
"What are these?"
"Duct tape marks?"
"He must have stuck the tape over the ropes?"
Mr. Rokudo, you haven't moved out of the room
between 4 a.m. and 7 a.m., have you?
And you, Takuya, you went out to wash your face.
Yes, that's right.
Hey...
Where do you think he would have it hidden, Mr. Detective?
Don't you find that strange?
We searched the house, and we didn't find her anywhere.
We started looking for her around 10:00.
And at that time there was nothing in the bathroom.
No... that's right, the bathtub was empty.
That means she must have been in the woods, it's obvious!
No... I don't think so, there are better places than the forest.
Like the trunk of a car.
For example, one of his cars, would be the ideal hiding place.
And the only ones who have had the possibility to get out,
to get Declan out and into the house, have been you.
I would say, the culprit must be one of you.
And I think he enjoys committing these random murders!
(thinks) "Random murders? I have my doubts."
"It is true that he has attacked the Ran, which is unrelated to them."
"That's why they think it's random..."
"Why didn't he kill him immediately?"
"Why did she have to keep it closed
as if he wanted us to find her at this hour?"
"And why did she die it in the bathroom?"
"If it was locked in the trunk of a car,
why didn't she drown it in the fountain?"
"There wouldn't have been so much danger of being seen
and it would have saved filling the bathtub."
What the hell are you doing, Conan?! Ah!
I was in the shower position.
Oh, man!
(thinks) "Shower?!"
"I get it. I know how he did it!"
"The killer wanted him to die at a specific time."
"Hence, the exaggeratedly springy clothing,
the duct-tape marks on the body,
the motive for his attack on the Ran,
and the fact that he wanted us to discover Reika's corpse later..."
"All of this has a common thread."
"This means it's likely that the killer is him."
"He's the bastard who endangered the Ran's life!"
"But I don't have any proof!"
"Oysters... there's nothing, over here?"
AAAA!
You idiot!
Do you feel like getting wet or what?
(Thinking) "Wet me?"
"I got it! Maybe..."
We'll stay in the living room until they come for us.
I suffer for Ran, we've left her alone.
(Kogoro voice) Just a moment, gentlemen!
What do you want now?
What do you want now?
I didn't say anything.
Oh... again...
Here we go again...
Hey, what's wrong with you, Mr. Detective?
(Kogoro voice) Gentlemen, I know who the murderer is!
-What?!
-You know who it is?!
Would you please take off your jacket and leave it here?
In a moment everything will be cleared up.
Stop it!
Calm down, Takuya, we do what Mr. Mouri says.
You'll know who the murderer is when you've seen the jackets.
That's it!
Come on, look at them!
You'll know when you see the jacket, won't you?
All right, so it's you.
You have provoked all these incidents!
First, you drowned the garden fountain in Yuji.
Then you took the Ran, which you had previously drugged,
and tried to drown her in the kitchen sink.
Then you drowned Miss Reika in this bathtub.
Everything is very clear.
The murderer, it's you, Takashi!
Takashi?
It can't be, this.
Hey!
You must be joking, right, Mr. Detective?
Do I look like a sadistic killer?
In the case of the first murder,
a while before we found Yuji dead,
we went to the forest to look for Miss Reika.
In Yuji I went with Mr.
Rokudo and Takashi, right?
Yes.
Inside the forest, they decided to split up
to have a better chance of finding her.
When he was all alone, in Takashi followed in Yuji
and made him go to the fountain.
He would tell him that Miss Reika was the source.

When in Yuji was close, it attacked him and drowned him.
But this is only an assumption.
This argument could be applied to Mr. Rokudo!
Why should I kill in Yuji or the Reika, me?
And the Ran?
It was the first time I saw her!
Besides, when the assassin has cut the light to attack the Ran,
I was with you.
Kogoro, explain to us how you wanted him to cut the light.
Are you implying that you had an accomplice?
You don't need accomplices to cut the power.
You have to turn on the air conditioners and the microwave instead!
It is very simple.
Anyone can do it, it is not difficult.
It is necessary to program the clocks of the remote controls
so that they start at the same time.
Then, at that time,
just turn on the microwave in the grill position.
When all the appliances are switched on, there is an overload on the line,
there is an overload on the line and the main switch is tripped!
This is the test!
On the remote control you can see at what time it was programmed.
During the blackout, Conan felt a strange noise.
(Kogoro voice) Oi, Conan?
Yes!
I heard a noise like a bell.
And this microwave is one of those that have a clock
that works even if there is no light!
And after a while, even though it was hot.
This nano is...
(Kogoro voice) When the light was already gone,
you broke the window pane so that we would think it had run away,
because you knew we'd all be out to chase him.
Then you took the Ran, who was already drugged,
and tried to drown her in the sink.
"You had previously thrown the drug in the café
to make sure she wouldn't resist."
"Before the lights went out,
you went into the kitchen with me to see if we could find the Reika."
"Sure enough, when I was out of the kitchen,
you started the microwave."
Just a moment, Mr. Detective.
You're neglecting something important.
I have an alibi.
While Miss Reika's murder was taking place,
I was with you.
This is an airtight alibi!
If you want to accuse me of the murders and the attempted murder,
you will have to explain to me how I murdered Miss Reika.
You are right.
At the Reika she was murdered between 5 and 6 am.
And it has been with us from 4 to 7 o'clock.
And the whole thing about the drugs in the cafe is a bit far-fetched.
When they brought the coffee, everyone took the cup they wanted.
Why throw drugs in a cup?
It could have touched him himself.
It's very simple.
The only thing the killer had to do was not to drink.
La Ran picked up a cup.
How did the murderer make her take the one he wanted?
Simply, there was nothing special to do.
He didn't care if he took it.
Any one of us could have taken it?
Exactly, whoever was unlucky enough to take it.
It wouldn't have made any difference to him whether it was a man or a woman
because he would have been too sleepy to defend himself.
It could have happened to you.
Have you committed the murders at random?
Don't talk nonsense.
You talk about me as if I were a murderer.
If I were the murderer I would have killed her during the blackout.
I don't believe that.
In fact, you had already planned not to murder Ran.
Yes, it's quite clear, you didn't intend to murder Ran,
you just wanted a witness.
"You just wanted a witness."
"Someone who would swear that someone had tried to drown her!"
And so, we would get the effect that Miss Reika's death
had the same characteristics as the other two attacks,
that the killer had used force to kill.
What does this mean?
Miss Reika did not die by drowning?
Yes, she drowned, that's obvious,
but her head was not held under water as you might think.
Don't you find it very strange?
Miss Reika disappeared around 10 o'clock at night.
But she died between 5 and 5 am.
What sense would it make, that the killer would have waited 7 hours to kill her?
"And her clothes were completely soaked."
"No matter how much resistance she put up, she wouldn't have been that wet."
"And what need did he have to tie her up with ropes and tape?"
The key to solving this case...
...is in the shower!
The shower?!

Normally, the bathtub is filled with the faucet and not the shower.
"But when in Conan has turned on the faucet, before,
the water came out of the shower, not the faucet."
"Do you know why?"
So that the murderer used the shower
so that the bathtub would fill up without making so much noise.
"With the adhesive tape he held her in the bathtub,
because she drowned when the bathtub was full."
When Miss Reika came down around 10 o'clock,
Takashi was to give her something to put her to sleep,
he took her to the bathroom and set everything up.
He adjusted the water jet so that she drowned between 5 and 6.
"This way, he had a good alibi,
because at that time he was with us."
"Shortly after 7 o'clock, he pretended to go to the toilet,
but he went to get her out of the bathtub."
It may seem like a simple set-up,
but he had to do something else to round it off:
Ran's attempted murder.
It was part of his strategy.
He attacked so that we would think
Reika had drowned her by holding her head under water.
As someone could find Miss Reika,
he caused a short circuit.
"So that the light bulbs would blow
and no one would go near the sink."
"But it could be that someone might look into the bathtub and see her."
To avoid this, in Takashi acted smartly:
he looked at the bathtub before anyone else.
The Reika is not here either!
This, Takashi, just confirmed to us
that it's you, who prepared this set-up!
That's a good deduction.
If it had gone like this, I'd be the prime suspect.
But you saw me do it?
This is all just supposition and you don't have any proof.
You can't accuse me, Mr. Detective.
Well, that's precisely why I made you take off your jacket.
Then get it over with!
Look at them!
But I warn you, you won't find anything!
Ha!
But it wasn't the jackets, what I wanted to see,
but the water stains on the shirts!
The Osamu has stained the sleeve when he washed his hands in the sink.
Takuya has stained the collar when he washed his face.
But you have stains on your sleeves, and at the elbow.
I got them just like them.
Maybe washing your hands?
No, I don't think so.
Maybe washing your face?
That's also impossible!
You wouldn't have stained unless you had taken off your jacket.
And that's what you did.
You took it off so that you wouldn't get it wet
when you took the corpse out of the bathtub full of water.
The stains are at the elbows,
because you rolled up your sleeves, right, Takashi?
What?
But... why would he kill them?
He's always used the same method.
It's a story that goes back two years,
when Yaeko died accidentally.
Yaeko's death was no accident.
She was killed between Yuji and Reika!
When the storm broke out,
Yaeko went to rescue Reika.
She was wearing the life jacket and was also wearing the Reika's life jacket.
But she was stopped, when she reached the island.
Stopped because Yuji was also there, with the Reika!
Two vests for 3 people.
-Do you... do you mean...? -It can't be.
It's true!
They're going to take off the life jacket and they saved themselves!
They let the one who was going to rescue them die!
I found it very strange...
Yaeko's corpse was not wearing a life jacket.
Yuji and Reika had said they hadn't seen it.
But... Takeshi, maybe it was true, that.
No, Osamu.
I made them confess before killing them.
Yaeko...
They killed my dear Yaeko.
These wretches deserved to die.
Both Yuji and Reika.
You're a fool!
Eh?
Mrs. Yone!
No one deserves death in this world.
I don't want to say that we should forget what they did,
but, Takeshi, when someone dies,
there's always someone who suffers a lot.
No one should have to go through this ordeal.
Nobody, do you hear me?
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano.
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani.
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Oysters.

And you say he attacked you?
Yes.
But since he drugged me, I don't remember much.
But I had the impression that it was Shinichi, who saved me.
What?
(Thinking) "Wow!"
But Shinichi wasn't there, was he? No.
And I was told that in Conan he saved me.
Hey, I told you.
But Shinichi wouldn't do it, would he?
He just wants to solve mysteries.
It would never occur to him, that blessed man,
to do something so romantic!
(thinks) "Eh! How they go too far, this pair."
Conan, it's pretty good.
(Thinks) "Come on."
They've torn the championship flag?
The culprit is someone on the inside!
Ah! (Laughs)
Gee, again...
The real culprit is not you!
In the next episode...
The case of the torn championship flag.

