"The cases you investigate at Conan get more complicated every day."
"Today, an incident occurs during a baseball game."
"It's a child with the brain of an adult."
"Everything is solved by Detective Conan!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
The incident of the torn flag
(Audience) Come on!
Come on, come on!
Beika!
Beika!
Beika!
We will win!
Beika!
Beika!
Beika!
We are the best!
Chop it, chop it, chop it, chop it!
Come on, girls, I can't feel you at all!
You should cheer them on harder!
Father, it's not a professional baseball team either.
Ben hard, really hard, chop it up!
Come on, come on!
(Adult voice) Cheer a soccer team yet,
but you must be in a great mood, to cheer for a team on a Sunday.
Besides, it's not worth cheering for them.
The result is very clear.
(Think) "And that's a pretty good hitter."
Second "strike!"
"Strike", batter struck out.
"Strike!
Strike two!
"Strike, batter struck out!"
(Applause and cheers)
Yes.
(applause and cheers) Yes.
You look great, Kenya!
Hey, Sonoko, let's see, who is this guy you like so much?
In Kenya, he's gorgeous, Ran.
So handsome, is he?
Let me see him.
Mmm... Yes, he's handsome, and so handsome!
(thinks) "Come on."
And besides, he's a doctor's son and top of the class.
He's got it all!
Isn't it true that Shuk Gakuen High School won the tournament last year?
Yes, and this year they are the most likely to win it.
I didn't think they were that good.
Thanks to Kenya.
The Shuk team was founded by a government minister.
It was a top-notch high school
and the students were very intellectual,
and sports was not their forte.
When he enrolled in Kenya, that changed.
Wow, you are well informed! I've done my research.
(Thinking) "What the hell do they do, these?"
Thank you very much, sir.
"Even the principal has come, to cheer them up."
"They're really looking forward to it, winning."
Base.
"Eh? That pair are gone."
Foul!
First ball!
-Come on, you pots. Easy, Kenya.
Come on, come on, come on!
Oh, my gosh!
Good, this one!
Gee, Kenya... What happened to him now?
"She's changed, since she made a foul."
"She looks like she saw something. What did she see?"
This is all very strange.
Maybe he's got a stomach ache.
Hey, who's that?
Who is it, that one?
It's Kudo, a very good former player from Shuk Gakuen High School.
Since he's been in Kenya he hasn't done anything,
even expelled from school.
He asked the coach if he would let him pitch.
But it seems to me that he said no.
Of course he didn't.
Don't you see that in Kenya he has no substitute?
Yes!
Well done, Beika! Very good, Beika!
Bravo!
What a good one!
If it were in Kenya, the pitcher... Don't be a pain.
Mr. Director, they've torn the flag!
-What do you say?
What's the matter?
-What have they done?
What happened?
It's terrible.
Only authorized personnel can enter here.
They've torn the championship flag, you say?!
Yes, they've torn it.
It's not right!
Everyone is very scared.
That's normal.
But who did it? Ah, no idea, Ran.
Ever since we won last year's tournament,
they haven't stopped fé'ns-e la puñeta because they're jealous of us.
If the culprit was someone from outside, we could denounce it.
But unfortunately we must recognize
that we have not been able to protect sufficiently the flag of the tournament.
We will have to give up playing the championship.
(Complaints)
Oh!
You poor things...
Why don't you report it to the police?
It's a matter of honor.
They want to save face.
They want to know if the culprit is an outsider or not, first of all.
I've got it.
Father, wake up... Come on, we have work to do.
Mmm, what's wrong?
I can't drink anymore.
(thinks) "Come on, Ran, don't be naive."
Two windows, huh?
One overlooking the campus...
What a nice view!
It's a good slice to watch the game.

Only authorized personnel may enter here.
Come on, Father, don't treat him like that.
Let's see, the window... What?!
What's that?
There's a ladder leaning against the back window.
We already know the culprit has entered from outside.
Detective Kogoro Mouri lives up to his reputation.
I'm glad I hired him.
(He thinks) "But they'll have to give up playing in the tournament."
"Everyone is very depressed, and instead the director seems..."
"Wait a minute. This is..."
"Oh! What a cross!"
Sir, where do they usually keep this scale?
In the warehouse.
I don't understand, what's it doing here.
It was closed, the warehouse?
Yes.
But I can't find the key in place since this morning.
But what does it say?
The key to the president's room is also missing?
Yes, since this morning.
(Thinking) "I thought so."
The culprit is someone from the institute!
Why do you say so, this?
Whoever broke in used the key to open the door to the room.
-And now! -Someone from the institute?
B... but what about the scale?
Well, it's a tactic he used
so we'd think he'd come in from outside.
But we don't have any proof of that.
Ouch!
With so much glass, you can't walk around here!
(thinks) "The floor? I get it!"
Yes, the floor next to the window is full of glass.
If I had stepped on it, there would be crystals near the flag.
And instead, the floor is very clean.
So he put the ladder outside, but he didn't go in through the window.
He didn't need to complicate things!
Because he already had keys!
(He thinks) "Yes, yes, that's the way I like it".
"Did he really want a stranger to do it so badly?"
"I suppose it's only natural, if you want to save your honor, but..."
I think the incident occurred while they were playing the game.
It was done by someone who wasn't on the field? That's right.
Aaa... listen, Mr. detective,
I saw Kudo entering the school.
-Yes, me too.
I-in Kudo?
How strong!
Hey, come on, don't talk nonsense.
I just went to the toilet.
Can you prove it, you say?
Well, I wasn't the only one who went in, during the game.
Oh, that's right, in Kenya he also came in.
-In Kenya!
It was him! -And now!
It was me.
I did it.
(At the same time) What's that?
What are you saying now?
It's a joke, right, Kenya?
It's just that... I wasn't pitching very well lately.
Today I did very badly.
I was really scared to play the tournament like that.
(Thinking) "It's true, he played badly."
"He started to play from the seventh inning on."
"Besides, let him play sick, if he doesn't want to play."
"What need did he have to tear the championship flag?"
-Kenya.
Kenya...- Mother....
"This woman is the one I saw outside."
"It's her mother..."
"Something's wrong with them. Why are they avoiding each other's eyes?"
It was me, I feel...
I did it!
I did it.
And I have proof.
I've done it with it.
It's flag thread.
Kenya, son...
-What a bad thing. -Why?!
-It can't be! -He must be punished!
-It's not possible! Why did he do it?
What? What?
How is it going?
They are discussing whether to report him to the police.
But first they will notify the president, who is sick.
I don't believe it.
I doubt he did it in Kenya.
(He thinks) "When he was playing!"
"I have no doubt."
"In Kenya he was throwing the pitches, and he saw someone at the window."
"So, he started throwing badly,
he asked to be relieved
and went to the infirmary and in the president's room."
Hey, Conan, Conan!
What are you doing?
What are you looking at?
I don't think we should do this.
(thinks) "It's strange..."
"I get it, it was him!"
"But why did he do it? What did he get out of doing something like that?"
"I don't understand why!"
I find it strange, very strange.
Eh?
A friend of mine who studies here told me
that, although thanks to Kenya they are one of the favorites,
there are people unhappy with the championship.
But why?
Because the institute puts the emphasis on academic results,

if the team goes up and the students go to the games to cheer,
they believe this will have an impact on their studies.
It's the president's policy.
It's sad, but this president hates sports.
He wants kids to come out with a good academic record, just like him.
He's not interested in sports awards.
-He had to come today... -What happened?
Well, he had to let the team know
that he didn't want them to participate in the tournament and that they wouldn't play,
but he got sick...
(He thinks) "I get it! I understand why he did it!
"The time has come to pass the ball to Kogoro."
The fans are waiting for me to give them an autograph?
Yes, Kogoro, sit here.
The women have been standing in a long line.
But... but, hey,
is that right, signing autographs in a high school?
Oh!
Here we go, here we go again...
(Speaker: Kogoro voice) "This is Kogoro Mouri. Do you feel me right?"
It's the father!
Ladies and gentlemen, please come to the presiding room.
(Speaker) "The reveal the truth of today's incident."
Mr. Mouri, you have done your job.
I will pay you back.
I have not finished, because I have not pointed out the real culprit.
The culprit?
This is absurd.
We already know who it is, the culprit.
Well, you're wrong: it wasn't in Kenya.
(At the same time) What!
And his mother either.
Well, who did it?
If you wanted to tear the flag,
the logical thing would be to tear it in front.
Ran, raise the flag because we see it.
As you can see,
the cuts there are from left to right.
The flag pole is the left side.
Ran, please now make it look like they're tearing the flag.
Yes.
Gee, it's a little hard.
Yeah, right, it's hard for you to tear it because you're right-handed.
Ran, now try it with your left hand.
Like this?
Yes, take the cutter with the left and extend the flag with the right.
Make it look like you are cutting it from left to right.
It's easy, cut it with the left.
Kenya, you're a right-handed pitcher and hitter, right?
Yes.
Kudo.
And you're left-handed, right? Yes.
(At the same time) -What?! - Kudo.
So you've been you?
Don't talk nonsense.
I'm left-handed, but I wouldn't...
Kudo, I hear you're one of the best players on the team.
You wouldn't want a team where you're not allowed to play to win.
You'd have a good reason, wouldn't you?
No, no, not me, I...
He's telling the truth, it wasn't him.
Then it has not been in Kudo, father?
Tornem's-e to look at the flag.
Look where the tears begin.
Where do they start, the tears?
Don't you find that they start very low?
If the person in charge throws a meter eighty as in Kenya and in Kudo,
he would have started to make the tears higher!
But what he has done did not reach higher!
Therefore, the person in charge does not make more than one meter sixty high.
How tall are you, Mrs. Kaji?
I think I'm about one meter fifty-seven.
And you are right-handed, right? Yes.
So it wasn't you.
Why did you go to the president's room?
Because... Because...
But, mother...
I wanted to say something to the president, who had to come today.
Yes, that's right.
I wanted my son to follow the example of his late father,
and become a good doctor.
That's why I wanted him to stop playing baseball.
I didn't want him to play in the tournament.
And I wanted to ask the president to convince him.
You didn't know that the president wanted to ban them from playing.
Eh?
Ironies of life.
But since the president wasn't there, he left the room.
"In Kudo has seen it."
"Then, the culprit, who was hiding, tore the flag."
"Just then, in Kenya he saw his mother and entered."
"The culprit, while running to hide, dropped the "cutter".
"In Kenya he picked it up
because he thought that his mother had torn the flag."
That's why he wanted to protect her.
But his mother also wanted to protect him.
So who is he, then, the real culprit?
There is another person who disappeared from the campus
when Ms.
Kaji was on her way to the high school building.
Someone who is left-handed and short.
(murmurs)
And this person is you.
Oh, no!
It can't be!

Yes, the person who tore the flag of the championship is...
you, Mr. Director.
He looked nervous,
because he was waiting for the moment to enter this room...
"Before the president arrived."
"First he wanted to be seen on the field,
and then he came in to tear the flag."
"He arranged everything to make it look as if someone from the outside had come in.
and then returned to the field."
This is speculation.
He has no proof!
The proof is in his pocket.
There should be the key to this room.
To begin with, your intention was to lock the door
so that no one would suspect you,
but as people kept coming in and out,
it wasn't necessary to lock the door.
But the key is still not in place.
Therefore, the culprit still has it on him.
It is an emergency!
Gentlemen!
Gentlemen!
What a disgrace!
They just called to say that the president is dead!
-My God... -It's death!
-What a disgrace! -It can't be.
My God... Now, what's the use of all this I've done?
The president instructed me to persuade the team
not to play this match and left the tournament.
But the parents and the media
were very much on top of the team, and it was not easy.
If I didn't do anything, he would have banned them from playing the tournament,
and they would have raised criticism against the school.
They would say, "What a school! Crushing the dreams of youth..."
And I decided that first I had to save the honor of the school.
I love this school.
Much more than the president, much more, much more.....
Don't feel sorry for yourself.
You are identical, you and the president.
You have both crushed the dreams of youth with your hands.
You are right.
You're right, sir.
I've been a fool.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry.
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano.
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani.
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The district tournament started at 6 months."
"And Shuk Gakuen High School qualified to play."
"The passion of its players
has touched the hearts of the tournament organizers."
"And although I feel bad that Beika was eliminated,
I'm glad that Shuk Gakuen is winning the tournament."
"Their goal is the new championship flag."
(Think) "Wrong, he's already dead."
"Who plotted this?"
"How could it be that I didn't notice?"
Shinichi!
You're around here, aren't you?
Shinichi?
So you're finally back... Shinichi...
In the next episode...
The Karaoke Murder

