"The cases he investigates at Conan get more complicated every day."
"Today there is a murder in a mountain house."
"But the victim will reveal who the murderer was."
"No case is left unsolved when...Detective Conan shows up!"
("Mune ga doki doki")
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Nake to iwarete boku ha waratta.
Hisakata buri no seikimatsu
Hiro Sekai he tobidashite Yuhu.
Kodomo no koro ni wakari kaketea koto ga,
Otton ni Natte wakaranai mama.
Eraku mo nai shi Rippa de mo nai
wakatteru no ha Mune no doki doki...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Murder on the snowy mountain
Hey father, aren't you planning to ski today?
I want to enjoy the scenery before I start.
Look at the clear, bright sky.
And the beauty of nature
and of these immense and snowy mountains.
Down!
Shit...
I shouldn't have come, with this pair.
What?
You dropped the house key, father?!
It was your fault, for having given me the push!
We'll call the caretaker and tell him to bring us another one.
But there are no public phones here.
This house is still under construction, and the bus is gone.
We'll have to go to that house over there.
I don't like it at all, asking rich and pretentious people for favors.
I don't think I'll have any other solution.
I'll break the door down!
Father!
No!
Quiet! (Man) Listen.
You look familiar!
You're not... Yes, you're Kogoro Mouri, the detective!
Funny, I always read your cases in the newspapers.
It's very interesting.
(Kogoro) What a fabulous house!
The color scheme and the layout are very successful.
(Thinking) "Look at him, what he was grumbling about the rich."
Excuse me, guys, but I haven't asked him what your names are yet.
Are you Mr. Mouri's daughter?
Yes, my name is Ran,
and he's Conan, the son of some friends of ours.
Hey, sir, this lion's head doorknob is beautiful.
I wanted a horse, but you can't have everything.
A horse?
Ah, yes, you're right, a horse would have looked better.
No, that's not what I meant, Mr. Mouri...
-Hey!
Doctor Oyama!
-Hello, Nakahara.
You're late, Dr. Oyama.
We've been waiting for you.
Who are these people?
Ah... They're friends.
I just found them.
Wow!
So you're all medical doctors from the same school.
Yes, we are disciples of the renowned medical doctor Sho Oyama.
All of us medical doctors are organized in schools.
I have been studying with Dr. Oyama for 10 years.
I had been in the school of a doctor who had no ambition,
but I have been working with Dr. Oyama for 3 years now.
The other day, Professor Oyama gave an interesting lecture, didn't he?
You mean the research on colon cancer treatment?
It was very successful.
Everyone is talking, in the faculty.
With a brain like mine, it didn't take much.
Gee, boy, I forgot to buy lunch.
What do you say?
I'll go down to the village store.
-I'll have a bag of potatoes. I'll have dried squid.
I want salad.
Now I'll buy it.
Take note of what you want.
The store closes at 10, hurry up, if you don't want to find it closed.
I know.
Gee, what time is it?
It's two minutes to 9.
I've got to go.
Where are you going?
To watch TV.
Professor Oyama is hooked on that melodramatic series.
Ah, wow!
I watch it too!
Ginji, where are you going at this hour?
Night skiing.
I feel like skiing, though.
I'll be back around 11, okay?
Ah!
Young people have so much energy.
I'm going to get in the bathtub and wait for the food to arrive.
Ran, have you called the caretaker to bring us the keys yet?
Gee, it had slipped my mind.
Don't worry, spend the night here.
With your father in this state, you wouldn't get very far.
I'll be right back, I'll take out the garbage.
(TV: woman) "Wait. Don't ever leave me, ever!"
"Mitsue, it won't work."
"Don't look at me like that. You have to forget about me."
"Fate doesn't want us to be together."
"Why can't we live together?"
I'm here.
Hi Kaori, did you have trouble getting here?
It's blowing a strong wind.
Oh!

-Hello, Ginji. It's so cold!
It snowed so hard that I couldn't ski.
-I'm not cold anymore! -I see it's started.
-How was the bath? -I feel refreshed.
Hey.
Where is it, the salad I ordered?
Sorry, they were out.
And they were out of ice cream too.
Who wanted ice cream in this cold weather?
Well, maybe it was Dr. Oyama.
He likes ice cream very much.
What's wrong with you, Conan?
The program ends at 10 o'clock, and the doctor hasn't left.
Dr. Oyama records the program and turns to watch some scenes.
What peppers.
That's why I wanted to come here, so I could kill myself.
But it won't go as you planned,
because there's Detective Kogoro Mouri here.
I'm sure he'll decipher the message I leave him,
and he will know that you murdered me.
Everyone will know that he murdered me.
Kogoro Mouri?
Is he that detective who's always in the newspapers?
Yes, he's a private detective.
It's already 11 o'clock.
Mr.
Oyama should be out by now.
That's right.
I'll go see what happened to him.
Well, well... so he's the famous detective.
Looks can be deceiving. (Shouting)
Kaori!
What's the matter?
-Dr. Oyama!
No! What happened?
Doctor Oyama!
It's useless, he's dead.
This is impossible!
Help me.
I'll untie him right now.
(Kogoro) Don't touch him!
A murder has just been committed.
You can't tamper with the evidence.
Don't touch him.
You can't send the police or a storm ambulance.
Well, I guess that means, as usual...
will have to be solved by the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
(He thinks) "Still a good fart!"
Just to finish confirming it:
has anyone touched anything in this room?
Nothing, sir, apart from the professor's corpse.
And Miss Nakahara?
You found her, didn't you?
Yes, Mr. Detective,
but when I saw it covered in blood, I fell down.
Was there anything of value in this room?
It seems to me that he had the safe in the cabinet next to the TV.
Ah... Look-look-at-it.
It's full of scratches.
Does anyone know what was in it?
I'd say money, most likely.
He always carried a lot of cash, Dr. Oyama.
The motive must have been robbery.
(Thinking) "These bloodstains are very strange,
it looks like he crawled into the wall."
"And why is he sitting in this position?"
"The bloodstains on the tablecloth end so abruptly..."
"I get it, the tablecloths must have slipped."
"Eh? They're full of blood marks..."
"He made them with the ropes."
"What if he left a message?"
He's taped up the window
so we wouldn't feel the noise when he broke the glass.
That's nice, he left us footprints in the snow.
Now I'm starting to get it.
"Mmm..."
Don't "mmm" me, you!
Get the hell out of here!
Uh, excuse me.
Gentlemen, could you please examine the corpse?
Since you're all doctors, you'll do better than me.
Hey, guys, look at this.
Too bad, this gold watch is stained with blood.
This is no time for jokes, now.
I figure he must have died between 2/4 of 10 and 10.
Okay, it's time the doctor was watching the show.
Yes.
He's got several wounds all over his body, but he must have died of drowning,
due to the two stab wounds that punctured his lungs.
Drowned, you say?
With these wounds to the chest,
when you try to breathe, the lungs can't expand.
He must have been in terrible pain for 10 or 15 minutes.
Who could have done it?
I think it was most likely a burglar.
The assailant came in through the window,
attacked Dr. Oyama while he was watching the show,
and tortured her into confessing the combination to the safe,
but the doctor refused.
The assailant stabbed her and has gone out again.
(He thinks) "Who gets to be a donkey."
Gee, what a nice watch, it's solid gold, isn't it!
Conan, what are you doing?
The assailant has tied her up, hasn't he?
I think it's lucky he didn't steal her watch!
What's that?
It's strange...
It seems impossible that a thief hasn't taken a gold watch.

You can see right away that it is gold.
Unless the thief is a very stupid thief!
On the contrary, Kogoro!
Wasn't he very daring, the thief?
Look at these footprints outside!
He came right up to the window and right into the house.
What do you mean by that?
If I were the burglar, I would have looked first to see if anyone was there,
and I would have waited until there was no one there.
Gee, Father, this must mean that...
That he has made the scratches and has linked the doctor to mislead,
because it seemed that he had entered to steal,
not that he had entered to murder the doctor.
The assailant knew that Dr. Oyama would be watching the series.
That is why he entered so determinedly.
Therefore, the doctor's murderer must be one of you.
-It's absurd! -What are you saying?!
I would be grateful if you could explain to me
what you have done between 2/4 of 10 and 10 o'clock at night.
I went to the store.
I left around 9 o'clock and came back at 10 to 10.
This is the list they gave me.
I bought everything except the salad and ice cream, because they didn't have any.
I would have been able to get there earlier if I had run.
It takes 40 minutes to get there and back.
Take my car and try it out.
I went to the ski slopes.
It took me about 40 minutes.
Do you have any proof?
Of course I do.
It's the ski pass, with the date and time.
I was with Ran and Conan.
We were tidying up and washing dishes.
We were.
He only left for two minutes to take out the garbage.
I've been the toilet all that time.
(Thinking) "There's a person who has a shaky alibi."
"Blood? How strange."
"How come the couch isn't stained with blood?"
"Someone put this here when the blood had already dried?"
"Wait a minute, this bloodstained tablecloth..."
"There's a possibility."
"It all fits perfectly."
"This lighter was here!"
"Eh? Wait a minute, this means... I see what you mean!"
He wanted a horse, but you can't have everything.
"He said it when we told him our names? Names!"
"He meant this kind of horse!"
"This means he wrote us a message."
I solved the riddle.
"I know why he's sitting like that
and why there was the lighter with the dried blood on the couch."
"The murderer is the person referred to in this message!"
Kogoro, there's something strange on the couch.
Stop bothering me, you damn kid!
Oh!
Oh, my lord...
Hey!
What's the matter, Dad?
It seems to me he's just drunk.
(Kogoro voice) Cheeky!
I'm not drunk!
I've already fixed it.
What does Kogoro mean by that?
(Kogoro voice) I know who the murderer is.
I've just found out who has murdered Dr. Oyama!
(At the same time) What?!
Let's start with Dr. Tobita, who says he went skiing.
I doubt he would be so dumb as to tell us a lie
that he knew we could check.
Dr. Ezumi has separated Ran and Conan for a few minutes.
She wouldn't have had time to kill him.
Dr. Kanazawa and Dr. Nakahara have no alibi.
Hey, wait a minute.
I went shopping.
Look at the list.
And how much did it all cost?
I don't remember!
This is not important!
What happens is that you don't know!
Because I had already bought the food previously!
He had bought it in the afternoon, with other things he needed.
Before committing the murder, he wanted us to make a list.
And he made it look like he was going to the store.
Then he parked the car somewhere near the house.
He took all the food stuff
to have a good alibi and to have everyone fooled.
And then he went into the living room and murdered Dr. Oyama!
Don't make accusations if you don't have proof!
It seems to me that you know perfectly well...
that there is evidence in this room that proves your guilt.
Look at the board,
the blood stains are suddenly gone.
Shouldn't there be something?
The tablecloth!
Please, place yourselves at the table
so that you match the stains.
Do you see it?
Here it is.
It's the last message from Dr. Oyama!
But what does this mean?
Think a little, please.
Remember that Dr. Oyama's corpse was incorporated.
If you look closely,
you will see that each of his names

contains a character used to play "shogi".
(At the same time) A "shogi" ?!
Dr. Oyama said he was missing a horse to complete the game.
That's right.
Except for the knight, he had all the pieces.
Ran, take the lighter from the sofa and put it on the tablecloth.
Okay, okay, okay.
There's only one place
where the stains on the lighter and the tablecloth match.
Here.
Oh!
It's a "Kyoshi"!
That's right!
The character for "Kyoshi" is this.
The name Kaori also contains this character.
And "Kyoshi" and "ginshin" are also used in "shogi".
Hey, what you're saying is very serious, you're accusing him of murder.
Are you sure?
I am absolutely sure.
These details are not here by chance.
Dr. Oyama wanted to tell us who the murderer is.
Yes, I understand.
This is absurd!
It could be a coincidence!
A coincidence?
Then why did you take out the tablecloth?
You took them out, the tablecloth, didn't you?
No!
They must have fallen when they struggled!
No way!
The bloodstains on the table have a very clear shape,
and the sofa is totally clean.
But the lighter is well stained with blood!
They have left it on the sofa when the blood had already dried!
And therefore, I deduce that the murderer has returned to the scene of the crime,
realized there was the message and took out the tablecloth.
Am I right, Kaori Nakahara?
Ka... Kaori...
The pity is that you saw the message when you had already called.
And there's still another detail.
You said the store was out of ice cream and salad.
It's very hard for them to be out of ice cream, isn't it?
Stop it!
He's right!
It was me, I confess!
But why did you do it, Kaori?
But we understood each other very well.
Yes, he was like a father to me.
That's why I couldn't forgive him.
He stole my thesis.
He stole my work.
You mean...?
The colon cancer treatment research?
Yes, that's right.
He had stolen it from me.
I spent 6 years working to finish that study.
And he took me!
I did the research for my dad, heaven be damned,
and he stole it from me.
It's true.
My father died of colon cancer.
I became a doctor
and I decided that I would dedicate myself to studying colon cancer
because I didn't want anyone else to suffer like he did.
And at the end of all that effort, it took me.
Don't be silly, Kaori,
even if you said the study was yours,
no one would believe it.
These things are taken more seriously
when presented by a famous professor like me.
Your father would be very happy.
And it was at that precise moment that I decided...
that I would murder her in a painful way, by piercing her lungs..,
because she had desecrated the memory of my late father.
But I never imagined that I would have the strength
to leave a message in the last minutes of life.
But, Mr. Detective, there is a detail that fails.
I already imagined that they would order salad and ice cream,
but in the afternoon they were out of salad.
Now, of ice cream, they had bought some.
So what happened?
My car broke down.
I had all the groceries in the passenger seat,
and I was about to go kill the professor...
I started thinking about my father.
I didn't notice, and the heater just unraveled it.
It's ironic,
the damn ice cream that Dr. Oyama had asked me for gave me away.
It's funny.
("Step by step")
Samekaketa Kouch nomi-Nagara Yubi ni karamu ito wo asobase.
Bosa nueva no rizumu de keikai ni arukou
Pazuru no piisu wa té no naka sano.
You sa... aaaa.... AAAA!
Senshuu mo ore wa chigau fuku de chicau basho ni ita sano!
Step by step Aseru koto nante nante nai no sano.
Case by case Warawaretatte kamawani.
Kasoekirenu Hibi no mukou ni aistu ga matte iru kara...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The last messages can be communicated in a strange way."
How nice!
The "ginshin" on the panel is already crying.
That's it, I'm done Kogoro!
Hey, it's not checkmate this.
"First you can't see anything, but from another angle..."
Eh?
Donkey?
Horses!
In the pool?
It's death?!
He drowned.
Don't be hasty,
just because she was found floating in the water doesn't mean...
He has done from here, this drawing?

(Thinking) "I get it! Sure!"
"I already know who murdered him!"
(Kogoro voice) I wanted the murder to look like an accident!
In the next episode...
The sports club murder case

