"In this second part, we will investigate a murder mystery
that takes place in a mountain temple."
"The high priest appears hanging from a beam."
"But the truth always ends up coming out!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
This is absurd.
There is no such thing, these monsters, understand?!
Inspector!
It's the same as two years ago!
There's dust on the beam, on either side of the rope,
and it doesn't seem to have been touched.
In the middle of the beam, where the rope is, there is no dust.
It's not another suicide, Inspector?
A suicide?
Climbing up the rope by climbing tea, as the officer has done, is possible,
But climbing with a body would be completely impossible.
The two deceased, Chun and the priest, were large.
It would be impossible to climb up the rope with them in his arms.
And if he had stretched them with the rope tied around their necks,
there would be marks on the beam.
Perhaps the murderer had climbed up and stretched them,
but it would be impossible to do that from such a narrow beam.
The only possibility is that the deceased climbed up the rope,
and when he was at the top, he made a loop,
put it around his neck and jumped.
We believe he used this to cut the rope that was left over.
The axe was also on the ground.
But what I don't get is that smashed wall.
I don't know how it was smashed.
But both the hole in the wall and the fact that they were hanging
are related to a story that people here explain.
Someone wants us to believe that the murderer is the fog elf.
It's a very complicated case.
I don't see it clearly.
Don't you find it strange, Inspector?
This shattered wall...
Wasn't there a window here? Yes.
Inspector, this is very strange.
This hole is immense,
and on the other hand, there are few pieces of wood scattered around.
Yes, that's true.
He must have knocked them down.
If he wants to make it look like the work of a goblin, he can do strange things.
Sometimes, nothing has logic.
(Girl) Avi!
Avi no, Grandpa no!
(girl) Eh?
This girl is...?
Miss Kikuno, the granddaughter of the high priest.
Avi, why... why did you do it?
When she died in Chun, she also hugged the corpse and cried.
Yes, I used to come here often.
But after Chun's death, he didn't come back anymore.
He must have taken bad memories with him.
Avi, don't... Avi, don't...
Who is this guy?
This boy is Kikuno's husband.
They got married recently, Mr. Detective.
He's the successor of the priest of a very big temple.
They were engaged at a young age.
When the high priest of the temple told me about it two years ago,
I froze because I thought she and Chun would get married.
You mean Chun who died?
Yes.
They were thick as thieves.
They looked like brothers, Mr. Detective.
In Chun was very upset, knowing she was marrying the other one.
That's why he did that foolish thing.
Perhaps the great priest knew about it and felt bad...
That's why he committed suicide shortly after Kikuno's wedding.
Mmm... it's a possibility.
But if this were true, he would have left a will.
-We can see if we can find it. (All) -Yes.
(Think) "A suicide? I don't quite see it."
"As much as I would like to reproduce that ancient tale
a man who wanted to commit suicide wouldn't hang himself from such a high place."
"If it wasn't a suicide,
this hole could have a specific function."
"This case and the one two years ago coincide."
"Both victims would have been killed by the same person."
What are you doing, little guy?
Shun!
(Thinking) "This kid, the priest said he came in a year ago."
"I don't think he could make the hole, with such thin arms."
Shun, you read late last night, didn't you?
Yes, it was past 3 o'clock, when I fell asleep.
And you didn't feel anything, during all those hours?
Did you feel any footsteps or any strange noises,
like something was being broken or something was screaming?
No, I didn't feel anything.
It was very quiet.
You didn't feel anything? No, I didn't!
The high priest has a separate room,

but we sleep together.
We would feel it, if something strange happened.
Do you suspect any of us, little one?
No, and now!
Hey, Shun!
Come on, help us look for the will!
Ah, sure.
Hold on tight, we've got you.
How scary, when the rope came loose!
I'm so sorry.
Hey, Mr. Policeman.
This window overlooks the chamber where the priest hung himself?
Yes, it does.
And wouldn't it be possible to take someone from here to the beam?
I'd say it would be impossible
to drag her there without leaving marks.
It would be complicated, dragging someone across such a narrow beam.
(He thinks) "What is this?"
"These planks are a little strange."
"The others are normal."
Hey, what are you doing, kid?
"But the cuts are old. They've been cut a long time ago."
"The petals of the cherry blossom have snagged underneath. Why?"
Hey, Conan!
Conan!
Where are you?
Come on, Conan!
He asked us which way down in the woods and he's gone.
(thinks) "The only thing missing from the crime scene,
are pieces of wood from the wall."
"If the killer threw them, they must have fallen this way."
"If I find them, I'll probably know why he wanted them gone."
"And then I'll know how he committed the crime!"
"I already have one! It's a piece of board from that wall over there."
"There's duct tape. What would that do?"
What are you doing here?
Hello, Ran.
What is it, this dirty wood?
Come on, throw it away!
No, no way!
Okay, fine.
We can fold now, for today.
Yes, sir.
Where's the Kikuno?
Ah, she went to the police station with the corpse.
But in the end we didn't find any will.
Well, it's all the same, isn't it?
If they say it was a suicide....
(Thinking) "They're wrong! It was a murder!
"Yesterday, something happened, in this room."
"Something unbelievable."
"An enormous force smashed this wall."
"The wooden planks with the jagged edges."
"And a piece of the window that was in the woods, with duct tape."
"What key ties all these clues together?"
"A petal?"
"Sure! I know how he did it, the murderer!"
"If I'm not mistaken, the murderer spent the whole night here."
"Ah! Of course!"
"That's why I didn't know!"
"It seems to me that there is no doubt that the murderer is him!"
"An impossible crime."
"The murderer had made an evil work of art to conceal his crime."
"A crime committed in an isolated temple when the cherry blossoms are in bloom."
"The priest was hung on a very high beam in a chamber."
"There were no clues as to how he was taken up."
"If it was a murder, it did not appear to have been committed by a human being."
"The murderer should have had supernatural powers of flight."
"Like the fog elf!"
"In the room where we had found the hanging priest,
there was a piece of rope and an axe."
"The most puzzling thing was that where there was a window,
there was a huge hole, but you couldn't see the timbers."
"In addition, there were the planks of wood with jagged edges
and a piece of the window, with duct tape stuck to it."
"What ties these clues together?"
A petal?
"I've got it! I know how he got it done, the killer!"
"If I'm not mistaken, the killer spent the whole night here."
"Of course! That's why I didn't know."
"It seems to me that there is no doubt that the murderer is him!"
Inspector, do me that favor, please.
Okay, okay, okay!
All right!
We should escort you home, shouldn't we?
"I'll have to test this theory before the inspector leaves."
Give me the keys to the rental car you left in the woods.
As you always help us solve cases,
I'll have them come and get it.
Gee, thanks, Inspector!
I've got the keys!
I've got the keys!
What are you doing, kid?!
Damn nano!
What the hell are these planks doing here?
Aaah!
I'm slipping!
How hard!
He slipped and fainted...
In fact, better, so I save myself the trouble of anesthetizing him.
And now, please, take a good look at this.

This is a wireless minimicrophone connected to Shinichi's loop.
We'll put it here.
Hey!
Kid!
Eh?!
Ah... digui.
What are you doing here?
The time is right.
In Kogoro wants everyone to go to the chamber where the crime has been committed.
Do you have duct tape? Eh?
Duct tape?
What? You know who the killer is?
You know who the murderer is?
(Kogoro voice) Yes!
The killer wanted to make it look like a suicide.
What do you say now?
The priest was found hanging on this high beam.
How would the murderer have set it up to hang him here?
There's no explanation.
There's nothing to indicate that anyone has been strung up.
Of course there's no indication,
because the killer took the body up to the beam, floating,
and then hung it.
Floating? (waterfall)
It's not the fog elf;
a human being couldn't have done it. (waterfall)
The feel, this noise? Yes, the noise of the waterfall? (waterfall)
Yes, the one behind the window where I am now.
And now, inspector, think that if I managed to fill this camera
with the water from this waterfall,
wouldn't it be possible to float up to the ceiling?
What do you say!
Fill this chamber with water?
What nonsense to say.
If he had done so, both he and the victim would have been soaked.
And the victim was not wet.
A plastic boat.
A plastic boat?
Kann, didn't you say there's a plastic boat over here?
Yes.
He put the body in the boat and covered it with plastic,
so he got it up without it getting wet.
But the waterfall and the roof are far apart,
it wouldn't be so easy to get the water from the waterfall into the chamber.
He used the planks from the balcony!
He has taped up the holes between the planks with duct tape,
and used them to divert the water.
This is confirmed by the fact that the ends of the planks are irregular,
as if they had been cut to fit the wall,
and where the tape was stuck, petals have been attached.
These cherry blossom petals
have been washed down by the waterfall from the top of the mountain.
We also have flower petals elsewhere.
Inspector, they will have dried up, and will end up at your feet.
They're the ones that were stuck to the walls
when the killer pulled them out of the water.
After killing the priest, the murderer has taken her here,
put it in the boat,
sealed the door on the inside with duct tape,
and exited the chamber through the small window!
Then he began to fill the chamber with water,
through the roof window.
He ran to the second floor,
entered through the small window and sealed it too.
If you seal it from the inside, the water can't get out.
Then he waited for the chamber to fill up,
making sure the corpse didn't get wet.
When he got close to the beam,
the murderer tied the rope to the beam to hang the corpse.
But how did he empty the chamber afterwards?
From the outside, he broke the small window with the axe.
Listen, let's calculate the dimensions of the chamber.
Four and a half mats would fit on the floor.
The height is about 10 meters,
so 2.7 meters times 2.7 meters times 10, that's 72.9 cubic meters.
The specific gravity of water is 1.
Therefore, the weight of water here would be 72.9 tons.
With so much water, imagine what would happen
if you were to break this small window with the axe!
The crack in the window weakens it,
and with a pressure of about 9.8 to 10 raised to 4 pascals,
the water must have come out with a lot of pressure.
It has broken the wall and made this hole.
A pressure of 9.8 to 10 to four pascals?
It would be as if a very large truck had crashed into the wall!
Yeah, but why didn't we find any pieces of wood around the hole?
Conan found a piece of wood under the temple.
What, in Conan?
(Conan voice) Yes, it's this piece.
You're right, it's a piece of the window, with the adhesive tape stuck to it.
But who could have done it?
The water must have taken 10 seconds to get out of the room,
but filling it up is another matter.
The volume of water that would enter
would be five or six times greater than what would come out of a faucet.

If one hour of water volume fills 10 cubic meters,
it must have taken 7 hours to fill this room!
Let's assume that the priest died between 10 and 12 o'clock.
The corpse was discovered this morning, around 8 o'clock.
To prepare all this to make us believe that it was a suicide,
fill the chamber with water, empty it and clean it,
the murderer must have spent the whole night in this chamber.
Well then, Kogoro, who must it be, the murderer?
It's Shun!
You told me you had been up until 3 o'clock, reading, right?
If this is true, you must have heard
the scream someone made at about two in the morning.
Who called?
Please answer it.
What?
Shun?
Of course I felt it.
It was the Ran who called.
She couldn't help it, if she's so afraid of the dark...
Shun... It's you!
Hey, Shun!
It wasn't Ran who called!
It was me!
Of course it's no wonder you didn't feel it,
if you spent the whole night here with the noise of the water.
But Kogoro, we'll need some proof of that.
We already have it, you have it in your hand, inspector.
This piece of wood?
When the water went away,
the murderer has had time to remove the evidence from the camera,
but he couldn't remove this piece of window.
It is the only piece of incriminating evidence that the murderer has not been able to remove.
I stake my reputation as a detective on it!
I'm sure the evidence is on the tape of the piece of wood.
Your fingerprints!
It's only a year since Shun entered the temple.
And the other murder used the same technique!
In Shun he couldn't have done it!
Probably, the murder two years ago was committed by the priest.
The cuts on the edges of the planks were old,
and the priest didn't even want to hear about this murder.
And, if my intuition does not fail me,
Shun and Chun, killed two years ago, were brothers.
You are absolutely right.
The monk Chun, killed two years ago, was my brother.
It is normal that no one knew it.
To hide my origins,
I became a disciple of this temple, having passed through another.
I entered this temple
to investigate the mysterious death of my brother
and to find out who had murdered her.
For half a year, they searched the temple desperately.
I was tying up loose ends... but I didn't know who the murderer was.
So no one wanted to talk about that incident.
But yesterday, when the guests arrived,
I saw how the priest reacted when they spoke,
I was sure!
After dinner, I went to the priest's room.
He was drunk, pressed him for a chat.
And he explained many things to me.
He killed my brother
because he didn't want him to marry his granddaughter Kikuno,
who was engaged to the heir of an important temple.
It seems that my brother and Kikuno had planned to run away together,
but this is no longer of any importance.
I told him to turn himself in to the police, and he said....
This happened two years ago.
There is no evidence to accuse me!
Besides, thanks to that murder,
the temple has become famous and we have more guests than before.
This is the temple where the goblin appears, and this attracts visitors!
Those words made me lose control.
I grabbed a belt that was there and strangled it.
Yes!
Just as he did two years ago
when he strangled my brother by hanging him on his back
because from the marks on his neck it looked like a suicide.
And when I realized what I had done,
I had to do the same set-up he had done.
The pity, Mr. Detective...
is that you didn't visit this temple two years ago.
Surely... surely.......
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte.
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto
tatoe tatakakau mainichini akekuretemo...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Caram, Kogoro, you never cease to amaze me.
Boy, you are impressive.
I didn't know you understood so much in physics.
Don't you remember you talked about pascals and stuff like that?
Pascals?
Ah, that's....
(Think) "Pecal is a Chinese liquor."

"A prop is a stick. Paschal is from Easter."
"But the paschal..."
Ah!
It's the name of that TV magazine!
(Think) "Idiot, it's called" Telefals ". Look that it becomes a donkey!"

