"As long as there are people involved in the current crimes,
there will be no unsolved cases."
"Today the riddle of the mystery weapon is to be solved."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult."
"Everything is solved by Detective Conan!"
(Series tune)
DETECTIVE CONAN
A very mysterious weapon
It's very nice, taking a walk once in a while, isn't it?
Yes.
Especially at this hour, when there aren't many people.
What's the matter, Conan?
What's the matter, Conan?
What's the matter, Conan?
It's a little bird.
Is it dead?
No, it's got a warm body.
It must be alive, though.
It doesn't look like it's hurt.
It's gone!
That's strange.
Maybe he was a little weak.
(Woman calling)
It's coming from that apartment!
(Woman calling) Oh!
An automatic door...
Eh?
(Thinking) "There are only two apartments occupied."
How can I help you?
We heard a woman screaming from the street!
What's she saying now?
What's she saying now?
I've been here for a while and I haven't felt anything.
Hello, Mr. Terasawa.... Wow, you're back early today.
What happened?
-Well, they say that... -Well, they say that...
What's wrong with him?
Please help me!
My husband has been murdered on the terrace!
I'm detective Kogoro Mouri!
You called?
Which apartment?
It's apartment 701.
I checked the names on the mailboxes.
Most of the apartments aren't occupied.
Because they're tearing down the building at the end of this month.
The only occupied apartments
are Mr. Imoto's, the owner, and Mr.
Imoto, the landlord, and Mr.
Mr. Terasawa's.
I'll open it.
(Thinks) "A pair of high heels and two pairs of men's shoes."
He was attacked from behind.
The murder weapon was a test, evidently.
And who are you?
My... my name is Dobashi, me.
-Do you murder him?
-And now, no!
No!
He died of a skull fracture.
The murderer must have attacked the victim from behind with a test
and must have smashed it on his head.
Look, Mr. Inspector...
There's a scratch here, right here.
Could it have any connection with the murder?
Come here, come here!
How many times do I have to tell you?!
Stay out of this!
Coi as a child!
You bastard!
It's true, this... Look, there are some scratches.
Compared to the other marks, these look fresh.
The victim is Ryusuke Imoto, 39 years old,
president of a real estate company called NEED.
You discovered the body, didn't you, Mrs. Imoto?
Yes...
But you were looking at the corpse when we came in.
Yes, you are right, sir.
I own a trading company.
It had been Mr. Imoto's head.
Imoto, and I also acted as his go-between.
He would come to see me to talk business.
Ah, I was his go-between.
Well, who are you?
My name is Terasawa.
I live on the fifth floor of this block.
I used to have a fishing store.
You don't have it now?
No, because Mr. Imoto took it from me!
He acted illegally, to keep it for himself!
I assure you!
He was a bad person, this man!
They must have had bad experiences with Mr. Imoto too!
Imoto!
How do you two respond to all this?
You will find it strange that I, your intermediary, should tell you...
Mr.
Imoto and his wife had separated
and had a lawsuit pending to determine the allocation.
If he is dead, she will inherit a fortune.
What the hell!
Your company was about to go bankrupt.
You often came to ask him for money, but he refused you!
-You got angry and killed him. What nonsense!
Please calm down.
By the way, Mr. Tsuji, is this the only entrance to the apartment?
Is there another one?
No, sir, it's the only one.
Therefore, the only people who have been able to enter here,
are Mrs.
Imoto, Mr.
Dobashi, and Mr.
Terasawa, from the fifth.
Moreover, they all had some motive to murder the victim!
Mr. Ryusuke Imoto's murderer must be one of you!
What do you say, this man?
Madam, tell us what you have done up to the moment you found the body.
All right, well, look, Inspector... I arrived a little after 5 o'clock.
Five minutes past five.

I always take note of people coming in and out.
This can be very useful for us.
Thank you very much.
Please continue, Mrs. Imoto.
Today I had come to talk about the assignment
that Mr.
Dobashi mentioned.
It had been 10 days since we had separated,
and we had arranged to meet to talk and come to an agreement.
When I arrived, my husband was doing Taikyoku-ken on the terrace.
Taikyoku-ken?
In used to do in the morning and evening, to be in good shape.
"He didn't feel me when he came in,
and I didn't want to disturb him."
"I went to the bathroom and when I came out I looked out onto the terrace."
Then I saw my husband dead!
You mean she was murdered while you were in the bathroom?
Yes...
How long were you in the bathroom, Mrs. Imoto?
Just... a couple of minutes, I think.
Your husband must have died around 5:8 minutes past 5:00.
And you didn't hear any voices or noises like something breaking?
No.
Hey, ma'am...
Did you see if there were any shoes in the hallway when you came in?
Yes...
Yes... there were my husband's shoes.
Thank you, madam.
And you, Mr. Dobashi, let's see..:
what time did you arrive at the apartment?
It seems to me... it was just a few minutes before 5 o'clock.
I had arranged to meet Mr. Imoto at 5 o'clock sharp.
Imoto at 5 o'clock.
It was 3 minutes to 5 o'clock, to be precise.
I was coming to ask him for a loan.
I was confident that everything would go well and that he wouldn't have any problems.
But...
I won't change no matter how much you come.
I have no intention of helping you, nor do I have any reason to!
Please leave, please.
Afterwards, I have gone up to the roof with the intention of committing suicide.
Commit suicide?
But, I didn't see myself with heart.
I was petrified for a few moments...
and then I heard Mrs. Imoto's scream.
When I entered her apartment, I saw...
Mr. Imoto found dead on the terrace.
Imoto found death on the terrace, right?
That's right.
Mr. Terasawa, now you.
Where were you?
What?
You're not bothering me.
I had nothing to do with it, I wasn't here.
It's a routine check.
Let's see, what time did you leave?
Well, it seems to me... it was a little before 5 o'clock.
It was 10 minutes to 5. He came back at 12 minutes past 5.
But there's... What's the matter?
Nothing important.
I thought I was coming back too early to have gone to play golf.
It's just that when I was going, I thought again.
I've always been a bit indecisive.
What do you think about all this?
First of all, I would rule out Mr. Terasawa,
because if he wasn't in the building, he can't be the killer.
The most suspicious are Mrs. Imoto and Mr.
Imoto and Mr.
Dobashi.
Let's start with her.
She says she found the body when she came out of the washroom,
but it could be that she didn't go to the toilet,
and that she murdered her husband,
and then pretended to find him dead.
This is not true.
And now you!
Although you say you went on the roof after talking to the victim,
it could also be that you were in here or out on the roof with him.
(Kogoro) From here you can only see part of the terrace.
When Mrs. Imoto came in, you were in here.
Imoto came in, you were either in here or outside.
And when she went to the bathroom, you killed her.
No!
This is impossible!
When Mrs. Imoto arrived,
I had already talked to him and gone up to the roof.
Maybe Mrs. Imoto's memory failed her.
Imoto's memory may have failed her.
We only have her word for it.
Can anyone confirm that it was on the roof?
Anyone, you say?
No, unfortunately there was no one on the roof.
It's true!
I heard a noise!
A noise?
Yes, I heard a noise of something metallic
coming from this terrace.
Did you hear a noise? Yes, a metallic noise.
It was as if an object hit the railing?
Inspector, did you turn away from that recent mark?
It looks as if something hard had hit it from underneath.
(metallic thump)
That's right!
It was this noise, boy!
The marks are very similar...
It seems that the other marks have also been made spicy like this.
It is evident that they have given a blow on the railing.
Mrs.
Imoto, you didn't hear anything?
No... I probably didn't hear anything because I was in the washroom, sir.
(Thinking) "How strange."

"Who and why would have made them, marks like that?"
Guys, I don't get it.
This railing thing is a mystery.
But they don't seem to be lying, these two, do they, Kogoro?
But that Mr.
Dobashi heard the noise,
doesn't mean it was on the roof, necessarily.
Maybe the victim hit the railing while exercising.
If we want to look for another suspect,
we'd have to think of someone who flew up like a bird.
But that's a bit absurd, isn't it?
Yes, you're right, but who wouldn't...?
(Thinking) "Bird... bird... bird..."
"The bird!"
"I get it!"
"The place where I found the bird was...!"
"There!"
"I already know the origin of the markings!"
"Everything links, the place where we found the victim..."
"The place where I found the bird, and the marks on the railing."
"The abandoned building on the other side..."
"I get it! I know how he did it, the killer!"
"The gun was not the test!"
"The killer...
...is him!
"I'm sure my deduction is correct."
"She lives apart from her husband."
"He is the president of a trading company."
"And he is the former owner of a fishing store."
"Therefore, the murderer is..."
Excuse me, Mr. Inspector...
I'd like to go to my apartment.
Of course you would.
For the time being, you can go now.
"I have to do something."
"I have to get Kogoro to notice."
"I've got it!"
Have you found anything else, Kogoro?
Ah, no... Ha-ha!
Nothing.
Then you can go, Mr. Terasawa.
I'm fine.
-What about me, Mr. Inspector? -What about me?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What fun!
(metallic taps)
This guy...
(metal taps)
(Metal taps)
(Thinks) Come on, Kogoro, react... (taps)
(taps)
Kogoro!
The victim was here.
And the marks on the railing...
are right here.
May I ask what you're doing, Kogoro?
Conan, the bird you found was about here, right?
Yes, that's right.
I get it!
The victim, the marks on the railing and the bird,
are located on the same imaginary line!
I know who the murderer is, Inspector Megure!
What are you saying, Kogoro?
You're serious?!
Who is it?
Let's not be hasty, sir.
I'll tell you everything...
when we're in that abandoned building.
What?!
Hey, Kogoro,
what are you looking for, on this rooftop?
I don't think it has anything to do with this case.
Please come over here, right now.
First, I would like to ask a question.
Mrs. Imoto, Mr. Dobashi and Mr. Terasawa...
have you ever been up on this rooftop before?
-No, I had never been.
And neither have I, sir.
No, never... I can swear to you.
(Kogoro) Well, I'll tell you.
Isn't it true that you can see the victim's apartment from here?
Yes, and what does this mean?
Do you know how to fish in the sea, Inspector Megure?
What do you mean?
In the sea, you fish with a fixed drum reel.
The murderer has used one of these rollers with a weight on it
and threw it on to the terrace where the victim was
and hit him on the head with the weight.
What are you saying? It can't be!
These footprints are the proof.
The print of the left foot...
shows that the assassin has leaned forward
to lean more on the left leg.
When someone makes this movement with the cane, this mark remains.
The Taikyoku-ken made by the victim is based on slow movements.
The killer has taken advantage of this
and, when the victim's back was turned,
he hit him in the head with the weight!
When he stretched the weight out again, it touched the railing.
That was the noise I heard?
That's right, sir.
The murderer didn't realize that he had scratched the railing.
In addition, the murderer had another unforeseen event.
When he pulled the weight,
he touched a poor bird that was passing by.
That poor bird you picked up must have been stunned by the blow.
But, it's about 30 meters from here to that apartment.
It's not too hard to aim with the weight?
With a little practice, no.

Especially if you are a person who knows how to fish...
Isn't that right... Mr. Terasawa?
Mr. Terasawa...
no doubt, the shoes you are wearing are the ones that have left the footprints.
And, if we were to escorcolléssim this abandoned building,
I'm sure we would find...
Kogoro!
There is something, here ground.
What is this?
This is used to dismantle the cane.
What do you say now?
Sometimes, if you use detachable rods,
they're hard to take apart when it's time to fold them.
And it's good to take a piece of hose or thick rubber,
put it near the joints so your hands don't slip.
How do you know all this?
I saw it on a fishing show.
Besides, the man wasn't wearing gloves, so his hands wouldn't slip.
So on this rubber there should be...
your fingerprints, Mr. Norio Terasawa.
He laughed at me... always.
He told me that he would close the store he had unjustly taken from me.
I pleaded with him not to do so,
that I would settle for being a simple clerk.
It's absurd, keeping such an old and dilapidated store.
I don't know how he can like it, this fishing.
I'm sure I can't understand, Norio.
He had the peppers to break a rod that was a treasure for me.
I could not forgive him!
I could not!
I had to pay for it!
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto...
DETECTIVE CONAN
That was amazing, how you solved that case, father.
I was really stunned.
When I get my hands on a case, there's no stopping me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Thinking) "Could it be that I had made the toy with that thread
because I noticed it?"
I already have one!
Look at it!
Oh!
Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay!
Aiiiiiiiiiiii!
Father!
Where are you? Kogoro!
(Thinking) "I don't think so..."
Please come back, Shinichi!
(Think) "It's one of the men from that organization!"
"I've finally found her!"
Let me go!
If I don't hurry, the killer will run away!
(Thinking) "I get it!"
"The murderer had not foreseen it, this murder."
In the next episode...
The game company murder case

