"As long as there are people involved in the current crimes,
there will be no unsolved cases."
"Today's case happens in a luxury hotel."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult."
"Everything is solved by Detective Conan!"
(Series tune)
DETECTIVE CONAN
The game company murder case
A game you have supervised at Kogoro?
Yes.
It is titled the game of the great detective Kogoro Mouri.
It is a game of deduction.
The player finds a dead body in a mysterious building.
And Detective Mouri gives him clues to solve the case.
YES?
(thinks) "I also work with him to solve cases."
Well, it seems to me that he will make a fool of himself.
In this state, you can't show up anywhere.
You've had enough.
This is because you drank too much yesterday.
I only had 5 or 6 small glasses of gin, vodka and bourbon.
(thinks) "Gin and vodka!"
"It's the nickname of those men in black
who dwarfed me!"
Gee, look at the line!
Today there are almost all the people who are in the gaming business.
-Hello, Mr. Mouri. -Hi?
I'm Hideaki Nakajima, from the company Mantendria.
I made the preliminary draft of the game of the great detective Mouri.
Thanks to you, we have created an exceptional and fantastic game.
My, my, you would be a genius, Hideaki,
if it was you, who came up with this game.
Eh?
Koji!
Me, the one who suggested to you that such a game could be a success.
I told you, and after 3 days you presented the blueprint.
You're a genius when it comes to stealing.
Whether it's work or women, right, Hironobu?
Ah... Yes.
But this happened when we were in college.
Well, you know what, Hideaki?
I won't bother you anymore for now.
You've got your work cut out for you to throw off the lenders I catch you.
Here's your number, sir.
Don't lose it.
Thank you very much.
Number 96.
-Oh, how late!
We must leave! What a ?!
We have to go inside to prepare everything!
We have to go inside.
We're in a hurry.
-It's not done, that sneaking in. -Shut up!
You should go in too.
The owner will give us an earful if we're late!
It's true, guys.
Please, miss, don't get confused.
Come on, you're all carrying the same suitcase.
Yes, and the same tie pin and the same watch.
The owner says it's nice to have a corporate image.
Yes, but this suitcase is big and heavy.
I had no choice but to carry it, but I'll leave it here.
I'm sure the owner must be the only one dragging this thing around.
-Ehem... -Oh!
Sorry, guys!
(At the same time) Sir!
Please go to work!
-Yes, sir! Yes, sir!
Lazybones.
Here, miss, your number.
Thank you. Thank you.
Wow, what luck!
Look, I got number 100!
Number 100!
I know something nice will happen to me.
(Thinking) "How naive."
Today, our company would keep...
You've caught me.
Now you'll see!
Get ready that now you will lose!
Yes!
I won!
I have won!
I've fought back!
You know a lot, Ran.
There are few people who master so much.
Really, sir?
(thinks) "It must be true, you're always lucky."
If I had passed 250 points, the lights should have shone much brighter.
Hey, Hideaki, would you mind trying it for a moment?
Eh?
No.
Look, Conan, now he'll do it on Hideaki.
(People) Oooooh!
Have you seen it?
Wow!
It looks great!
Do you play any sports, Mr.
Nakajima?
I used to be a boxer in college.
Come on, why don't you try it? Ah, no, not me, no...
Come on, it's great for blowing off steam.
Blow off steam?
Please come back, Shinichiiii!
(People) Oooooh!
That's good!
Do you want to try it, Conan?
No, no, I have to go to the toilet.
I'll come with you, little one.
The toilet is...
Ouch!
(thinks) "Wow, what a giant!"
Does he work for the game company? I don't think so.
I've never seen him before.
The three of you were from the same boxing club, at the university?
-Yes. We went until he folded.
Come on, Koji...
Who knew we'd be working at the same company?
You have number 98, sir.
Eh?

(Thinking) "It's the logo of Mr. Nakajima's company!"
Thank you very much, sir.
"That's strange."
"If I were an employee of the company,
I should be wearing the company's tie pin."
"Anyway, I'll buy Kogoro some juice, it'll do him good for a hangover."
Hey, it's me, in Tequila.
Eh?
We've closed the deal.
Don't suffer, Vodka.
And tell Gin, too, please.
(thinks) "Oh, my God!"
"He's one of the men in black from that organization!"
It's a kid.
He's dropped the coins on the floor.
"I finally found them!"
"Hey, mister!
Could you move your foot out of the way?
It's just that I can't take the 10 yen.
You want to get it, don't you, kid?!
(Thinking) "That's it!"
"I've already attached the transmitter to the solo!"
"Now I have to follow him...
and he'll lead me to his hideout, where there will be Gin and Vodka!"
(Transmitter: Tequila) "Let's see. What's wrong? He won't come in...
(Think) "The door?
"Is it open?"
You're talking about the door of the toilet?
(Transmitter: Tequila) Eh?
Hey, kid.
(Think) "This is...
shoe that man was wearing!"
"He's been a victim of the explosion."
Child, it's dangerous, that.
Come on, come on, come on.
(Think) "I was finally about to locate them!"
"I don't get it!"
Terrorists?
The explosive detonated in the sink.
He was supposed to connect it to the door of the sink.
Wow, an indiscriminate bombing, right?
There's a victim, sir.
Have you been able to identify her?
Her body was completely mangled.
Now, has anyone seen any suspicious people around the building?
-Well... No, sir, I haven't.
-No, neither did I.
I did, Inspector.
What? I saw the man who died.
I saw the man who died.
Did you really see him, Conan?
He was a very sturdy man, probably from the Kansai district.
You saw him too, Mr. Nakajima...
That man dressed in black that we ran into!
Ah... yes... that tall man.
How do you know he was from Kansai?
Because I heard him speak with a Kansai accent, Inspector.
That man said, "What's wrong? He won't come in. Mm? Is it open?"
He must have meant the door to the washroom.
So the explosive must have been placed near the door.
Forgive me for interrupting, gentlemen.
(At the same time) It... (At the same time) Sir! Hello.
My name is Ishikawa, and I am the president of the maintenance company.
I must confess that three days ago, I received a very strange letter.
A very strange letter?
What?!
But this is blackmail!
Why didn't you report it when you received it?
I'm sorry, Inspector... I thought you wanted to scare me.
Sir, look, we found this in the rubble.
A key.
But what is it, this round plate?
It's our company logo.
(Think) "That man was carrying this suitcase."
"But why did he have it if it doesn't belong to the company?"
"That girl gave it to him, but..."
It must have been very strong, the explosion, to bend it.
(He thinks) "There's something wrong with it, this plate."
"Why is it bent outwards?"
"If the impact of the explosion had come from the outside,
the plate would have bent inward."
"This is murder. The bomb was going for him!"
"The murderer is the person who gave the suitcase to this man."
"They'll probably make the switch right here."
"By exchanging the closet number,
they can make the exchange without anyone noticing!"
That burly man had been the only one to pick up the suitcase,
a while before the explosion.
"So, the person who had arranged to meet him hasn't come yet."
"There's still some chance!"
"I have to keep track of Gin and Vodka!"
May I know where you're going, you, uncle?
I have to talk to the inspector! No way, he's busy.
Let me go!
If I don't hurry, the killer will flee!
And I won't be able to track them down anymore.
What do you want?
Ran, what do you want?
Where have you been, Conan?!
You have a wound on your face.
How did you do that?
(thinks) "100 and 96..."
Those are the numbers they gave us.
I got 100 and the father got 96.
As the father is not recovered, I keep it.
(Think) "That big man had the number..."

Number 98.
"The man who had arranged to meet him has slipped in between Kogoro and her."
"It's one of those 3!"
"One of them exchanged plates with the burly man,
and so they exchanged suitcases."
"When the burly man opened the suitcase..."
"Wait a minute, if the murderer intended to kill him...
why did he choose a place like this to make the exchange?"
"If they kill a person from your company,
and they start investigating, they can always suspect you."
"But it's normal for him to have checked the contents of the suitcase."
"But I don't understand that the key didn't go well."
"Wow! What if I was wrong?"
(Girl) Number 38.
Number 56.
There's no one who knows the burly man, is there?
No.
And no one's seen anything that looked suspicious, Inspector.
-Let's see, number 99. -Yes, I've got it.
-Number 97, sisplau. -Yes, me.
Number 124.
Ah, my.
Eh?
-What's the matter, Hironobu? -What's the matter, Hironobu?
-Ah, no, nothing, nothing. -Ah, no, nothing, nothing.
Hey, open the suitcase and see what's in it because they're all the same.
-It's not worth it.
-There's nothing important either.
(Thinking) "Wait a minute... maybe... maybe..."
"I get it!"
"I've got it!"
"The murderer didn't foresee it, this murder!"
Will you listen to me for a moment, please?
You can go now,
but if anyone remembers anything,
please contact me.
(Thinking) "It can't be."
"If you all go home, we'll never find out who the murderer is."
"I can already figure out who it might be, but I'm not entirely sure."
"I'll have to use Kogoro to lure the killer into a trap."
"He's gone up the Ran's ass!"
Are you feeling better now, father?
Hey, daughter, do you know where it can be, my closet badge?
"How come he didn't fall asleep?!"
Don't worry.
It's in my pocket.
"It's gone to the xapa.2
"Shit, I only have one needle."
Let's get our things and leave.
Cheeky!
Don't tell me it was you, Conan!
You had them rough.
You had dirty shorts and I wanted to...
You'd better get your foot out of his face.
Oh!
Are you all right, Father?
Father, are you all right, Father?
(Kogoro voice) I'm fine, Ran.
Thanks to you, I've been inspired.
You've been inspired?
Hey, Inspector Megure!
Believe me, Inspector, don't let anyone go for the time being.
It could be that the killer is a madman.
There could be more bombs.
You'd better leave.
You're wrong, inspector.
To begin with, the bomb wasn't planted in the hotel toilets.
The murderer intended to kill a person
and planted the bomb in an object he knew the victim would take.
The killer is here.
If he leaves, he will take the evidence of the crime with him.
You've already found out who the murderer is, Kogoro?!
Inspector, if we look at the contents of a particular object,
the murderer will have to admit that he committed the crime.
An object, you say? Yes, that would be...
The contents of this suitcase that you're holding so tightly, Mr.
Nakajima.
Show us what's in it.
I want to check what's inside.
No, no way, sir!
You idiot!
You'll let them accuse you of murder?
-Show us!
-No, leave!
Hironobu, what have you got?
Now I have no more doubts.
It's very clear!
The murderer is you, Mr. Takeshita!
What's the meaning of all this?
Mr. Takeshita had placed a bomb in the suitcase.
What? A bomb in the suitcase?
A bomb in the suitcase?!
Of course!
The plate we found was bent outwards,
because the impact came from inside the suitcase.
Therefore, this is a proof that proves...
that the bomb was inside that man's suitcase.
This means that, when that man said "what's wrong, it doesn't fit?
and then "is it open?", he said it because...
What did not fit was the key to the suitcase,
and the lid of the suitcase was open.
And did he give the suitcase of the bomb to that man?
No.
The one who gave the suitcase was the one who dealt with him.
Mr. Nakajima, right?
They had already agreed that they would both leave the suitcase in the checkroom,
and then they would exchange the number plates.
The proof is that I have 96. My daughter has 100.
Mr.

Ueda, Mr.
Nakajima and Mr.
Takeshita have all passed.
Therefore, they should have numbers between 96 and 100,
97, 98 or 99.
And when Mr.
Nakajima has picked up his suitcase, he had the....
Here.
Number 124.
And in Conan, he felt that the number of the burly man was...
Here.
Number 98.
The badges have been changed
when in Conan, who was going to the bathroom with Mr.
Nakajima,
bumped into the stout man.
Then the stout man, in the bathroom, looked to see if he had what he wanted.
But why didn't it fit, the key?
It is normal that the key did not fit in the lock.
Mr.
Mr. Takeshita had already changed a suitcase before.
It was a suitcase with a bomb inside,
which Mr.
Takeshita had prepared in order to kill M.
Nakajima!
No way!
He must have changed his nameplate
when he told Mr.
Nakajima to play boxing.
But, when Takeshita left the explosive suitcase in the checkroom,
something strange happened.
I have the 96.
It was obvious that Mr.
Nakajima, who was behind me,
must also have a number from 90 to 100.
On the other hand, Mr. Takeshita, who was not in the queue at the time, had a number from 90 to 100.
Takeshita, who was not in the queue then,
would have had a number starting from 100.
If the numbers are so different, someone would notice.
Therefore, Mr.
Takeshita has taken the lead from us.
He did so because he wanted
his number and Mr. Nakajima's number to start with 9.
Nakajima to start with 9!
Do you have any proof of this?
Yes, the suitcase that Mr.
Takeshita has now,
is the suitcase that Mr.
Nakajima was supposed to give to the burly man.
The key they found,
should fit the lock of this suitcase, inspector.
And besides, the suitcase that exploded was a keeper.
If you look at the suitcases of the employees here today,
you'll see that only Mr. Takeshita's is missing.
Because his suitcase was blown to pieces by the explosion.
I had no idea,
that the explosion was caused by the bomb I had prepared.
I had even written a threatening letter
because it looked like it had been terrorists.
But, Hironobu...
Yes, Hideaki, I was prepared for you!
You, you had to die!
You, who's going to kill the Yoshimi!
The Yoshimi?
She was the head of the university's boxing club.
She committed suicide when Hideaki gave her pumpkins.
She committed suicide?
Yoshimi had been dating Hironobu for many years.
And he was offended when she fell in love with someone else.
Mr.
Nakajima, you can consider yourself a lucky man.
That bomb was meant for you.
Maybe we should get to the point, don't you think?
That burly man dressed in black who had made deals with you...
May I know who the fuck he was?
This, this is...
Think that the other members of the organization will be looking for him, now.
The organization?
It would be wiser for you to explain everything to us,
and the police could protect you.
Eh?
I don't know anything about that, I swear!
I only know that we always met in the same place.
In a bar called "Cocktail" on the top floor of Beika's Daikoku.
(Think) "The "Cocktail" bar "of the Daikoku building ?!"
What organization are you talking about?
Hey, Mouri!
"I'm here. I've finally found them! Get ready! I'm coming!"
"I've located them."
"What happened?!"
"What?! Shit!"
Kid, don't go, it's dangerous!
Let me go!
I'm not a child!
I am... I am!
Let me go!
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The investigation by the police
revealed that an excessive amount of explosives had been used and the bar was destroyed.
and the bar was destroyed."
"They couldn't even verify if there had been casualties."
"But I discovered that the men in black
had offered a lot of money to Mr.
Nakajima
to give them a list of the best programmers in the world
and that he had stolen that list from their company."
"Had they died, in Gin and Vodka or had they just disappeared?"

"It's all a mystery, at the moment."
"Like the dark clouds that cover the sky,
that incident was left in the dark."
Sir, you have a button about to fall off.
This is neither an accident nor a suicide, but a murder.
Get out of the way!
Child!
Get out of the way!
Don't be a pain!
(Thinking) "I get it!"
"I know how you did it, to have an alibi, Dr. Date!"
In the next episode...
The train murder case

