"As long as there are people involved in the current crimes,
there will be no unsolved cases."
"Today an enigmatic murder is committed on a train."
"His brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
(Series tune)
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Train Murder Case
Father, hurry up, hurry up!
Where are you going?!
Don't we have to take this train?
No.
This is the one on the Hananomachi line!
We have to take the one above, from the Yunoyama line!
It's not the same, what should we take?
We have to transfer to Hananomachi to take the one going to Tokyo.
Hurry up, if you don't want us to miss the train!
Don't shout, I've got a terrible hangover.
What a headache.
I can't take it anymore.
(Siren)
Ah!
I won't move from here, okay? (Siren)
I had a great time!
The food, the hotel and the hot spring, it was fantastic, wasn't it?
Yes.
Thank you, father.
(Siren) Eh?
I had a great time.
This trip was given to you by a client you're going to solve a case for?
Sort of...
(Think) "It was me, who solved the case."
Wake me up when we arrive at Hananomachi Station.
(Man) Idiot!
What's gotten into you, Sato?
But what's wrong with you?
Why are you getting so angry now, Date?
You're getting to be disgusting!
I don't want to sit next to you!
I'm going somewhere else!
Date!
They spent the night...
Yes, the same hotel as us, it's true.
Oh, excuse me!
You were with the group of doctors, right?
Hello.
They were the same hotel as us, weren't they?
Where are you, your companions? We have said goodbye to the station.
Did you take another train?
Some took the Hananomachi line,
others have taken the Yunoyama line, like us.
But we will all transfer at Hananomachi Station.
Pleased to meet you.
Good evening.
(Loudspeaker) Mizunokawa Station.
Mizunokawa Station.
Eh?
Mizunokawa Station?
Uh, we transfer at this station.
Shouldn't we do it here?
We're late.
The Hananomachi line has arrived at 2/4 of 11.
It left more than 5 minutes ago.
Oh, my!
Tickets, please!
Prepare your tickets, please!
Here, my ticket!
Ah, thank you, nice.
(Loudspeaker) "Hananomachi."
"The train ends its journey at this station."
"Passengers going to Tokyo
please proceed to platform number 7."
"Passengers going to Tokyo, go to platform number 7."
"The train will depart at 11:40 minutes past 11:00."
We'll have to wait another 35 minutes.
Hey, Sato!
Forgive me.
I spent some time looking at the scenery, and I calmed down.
-Of course, man.
I thought so.
-Let's go.
I think they've made peace.
-Here you go.
-Thank you. -Thank you.
He's got some.
(Thinks) "He does have coins, this man."
Good-bye.
We're leaving.
Ah, right, bye.
Sir, you have a button about to fall off.
Ah, it won't fall off.
(thinks) "The button has been wiped off. How strange..."
Where was the body found?
In a train carriage on the Hananomachi line.
The victim is a doctor.
What if he was a doctor from our association?
Some colleagues have taken the Hananomachi Line train.
I'm going to look at it too!
Is your hangover over? Yes, it's been a while.
The famous detective Kogoro Mouri must solve this case!
Mr.
Uchiumi!
(Kogoro) Is he a doctor from your association?
It's Mr. Uchiumi.
Uchiumi, he was with us, last night.
(Think) "What does it mean, the look he gave you?"
I am Yosuke Kobayashi,
chief of the railway police brigade.
I have heard a lot about you.
I would be honored if you would help me!
Of course, I'd be glad to.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What is the cause of death?
We'll have to wait for the results, but it looks like a heart attack.
Well, maybe it won't be necessary for me to stay.
Isn't that an injection mark on your arm?
Shut up!
What?
An injection?
Here, look at the vein in the wrist.
It's the mark you get when you get an injection.
It's true!
It's the mark... of an injection!
If you inject highly concentrated potassium chloride into the vein,

causes symptoms similar to those of a heart attack.
Shut up!
Hospitals usually have potassium chloride and syringes, right?
I stand still.
I find you understand a lot.
Ah, yes, I really like science.
(thinks) "Now I've gone too far."
Also, they haven't found any syringes for anywhere.
This means...
That it was neither an accident nor a suicide, but a murder.
Coi de nano.
Stay out of this, you!
Understood.
We should deduce the motive of the crime.
It must have been a robbery.
There's no money in his wallet.
But he broke his finger, the killer!
The killer must be a very strong guy.
He grabbed the victim's hand tightly,
broke her finger and murdered her.
(He thinks) "Why did he kill him with an injection, if he was so strong?"
"The Hananomachi line runs parallel to that of the Yunomachi line.
parallel to the Yunoyama line, which we have taken."
"The only stations where the two trains stop
are Yunoyama and Mizunokawa."
"The train where he has had the murder has also stopped at Mizunokawa."
The victim bought the coffee can from you at 10 minutes to 11 o'clock?
Yes.
We were about to arrive at Hananomachi Station.
He was the last customer.
I didn't have enough 1,000-yen bills to give him back his change,
so I gave him back all the change in coins.
He was sitting alone, the murdered doctor?
Yes.
And he says that afterwards,
a man with a mustache, sunglasses and a navy-blue jacket
sat next to the victim?
Yes!
(Think) "A navy blue jacket!"
The approximate time of death is between 10:50 and 10:53.
"The jacket these doctors are wearing is reversible."
"The inside is navy blue."
"Maybe the button was about to fall off
because the victim had knocked it off?"
"In Date wanted me to release the button
and broke the victim's finger."
"I could have sworn that he wiped the button clean
to wipe off the victim's fingerprints."
"When he had her pinned down, he injected her with the potassium chloride,
and that's not easy, unless you're a doctor."
"And another thing:
the reaction she had when she heard the father's name."
"The murderer is Dr. Date!"
"But how could he kill a person who was on another train?"
Caram.
Have you finished your work?
Of course, my boy.
Since it was a robbery, it's no longer of any interest.
Are you sure it was a robbery?
Eh? What do you mean by that?
The lady who witnessed the crime looked richer than the dead man.
She was sitting very close to him.
It seems strange that he didn't mug her.
It would have been easier.
Man, now that you mention it, maybe it is. It is strange...
Look, this man keeps wiping his sweat.
Doctor Sato, let's see...
Do you know anything about the murder, you?
What?!
I don't know anything, me.
Anyway, you can explain it to him, Sato,
that doctor Uchiumi and I had a fight yesterday, at the hotel.
-Did you have it out with the victim? -Caramba... What are you saying now?
It was a violent fight.
And why?
For some unfounded rumors.
They said that I had collected commissions from a pharmaceutical company.
Obviously, it would never occur to me to do something like that.
Don't tell me you suspect me, Inspector.
No, of course not.
Mr. Mouri is a witness that you were on another train.
It is impossible for him to have murdered you.
(Thinking) "Dr. Date has an alibi."
Why did they take the Yunoyama line
instead of the Hananomachi line?
I didn't care.
Dr. Date bought the tickets.
And why did they quarrel?
Date didn't want me to pay him for the ticket he bought for me.
I wanted to give him the money,
and then all of a sudden, he got angry.
I was very upset.
(Thinking) "En Date wanted to take Yunoyama's line."
"He provoked the fight
so he could have an excuse to go to the last car."
Ran, can I see the timetable?
The timetable?
Okay, I'll see.
Tea. Thank you.
(Thinking) "If I wanted to change trains
from the Yunoyama line to the Hananomachi line,

I would have had to do it here, at Mizunokawa Station."
"But the train on the Hananomachi line, the victim's train,
has arrived at the station at 2/4 of 11."
"The train on the Yunoyama line, ours,
arrived 5 minutes later."
"The Hananomachi line train should have left by now."
"So it wasn't him."
"Wait a minute, if I'm not mistaken...
the one on the Yunoyama line stops at platform number 1,
and the Hananomachi line stops at platform number 4."
"Between these two there is an overpass connecting them."
"The stairs leading up to the overpass
are next to the last car."
Yes, it seems to me that it will take a while, yet.
Close the patient section for today.
Goodbye.
(Thinks) "The phone... the cell phone!"
Oh, no!
I forgot the gift for the Sonoko, to the train!
(Thinks) "I get it!"
"I know how you did it, in Date, to make the transfer!"
(Kogoro) Hey, what's wrong with you?
The Ran has already gone to the lost and found.
It's not that...!
It's just that I want her to find the murderer!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ah!
Is it the hangover?
Oh mother... AIII...
Thank you very much, Mr. conductor.
(Speaker: Kogoro voice) "This is Kogoro Mouri."
"Please come to the station master's office."
It's the father!
I have already found out who the real culprit of this murder is.
Let's see, Dr. Date and Dr. Sato, come this way, please.
-What do you say?!
The murderer?!
-Wasn't it a robbery?
(Date) -We're in a hurry, we are. (Sato) -What's the meaning of this?
Do not suffer, in 15 minutes the mystery will be solved.
You will tell us who the murderer is and have him arrested in 15 minutes?
You said it, Dr. Date.
You mean you will arrest me, perhaps?
Yes, the real murderer in this case is you, Dr. Date!
What?!
Dr. Date?!
It can't be!
But Father, Dr. Date was going to Yunoyama's line.
She was there for 5 minutes after she left.
We didn't see her again until the train stopped here.
That's right... So you changed trains?
Yes, at Mizunokawa Station.
To Mizunokawa?
Wouldn't it be impossible, this?
(Date) Look at this here!
The one from the Yunoyama line has arrived at platform number 1,
of Mizunokawa Station at 10:35 minutes past 10.
And then the Hananomachi line had already left.
How would he have done it, to make the transfer?
This can be solved with a call on the cell phone.
A call ?!
Yes, that's right.
If I had made a phone call before arriving at the station
saying that I had forgotten something on the train from Hananomachi,
Before the train arrived at Mizunokawa at 35 minutes past 10 o'clock,
he turned on his reversible jacket and disguised himself with his mustache.
When the train arrived in Mizunokawa, he got off,
and ran over the overpass to platform number 4.
Just before the train departed, he had fought with Dr. Sato
and had gone to the last car of the train.
The train left a little late,
because the conductor was looking for the missing object.
He boarded the train on the Hananomachi line
and killed the victim.
Yes, yes, it's true.
As you have deduced, these are lost and found calls.
The caller said she had lost a contract,
but she's nowhere to be found.
Unbelievable.
And what does that prove?
The caller's voice matches mine?
He's talking nonsense.
I haven't moved from the train on the Yunoyama line.
Please show us your ticket.
The conductor on the Yunoyama Line happened around 10:40.
If you did not transfer, you should have your ticket stamped!
Please show us the ticket, Mr. Date!
I'm sorry, but I lost it.
Lost it?
If you want to search me, you can search me now!
They can't prove it,
nor do they have any proof that I've made a transfer.
And it seems to me that no one can accuse me of anything... without proof.
I have to go now.
I'm a very busy man.
Which platform does the Tokyo-bound train leave from?
Mr. Mouri.
(Kogoro voice) Doctor Date!
You're not finished yet, Mouri?
You had a lot of coins in your wallet, didn't you?

So what?
The murderer took all the money from the victim's wallet
because we thought it was a robbery.
It's a tactic often used to provide false leads.
So what?
So what if we look at the fingerprints?
What does that mean?
I was with Mr. Uchiumi yesterday.
Uchiumi yesterday.
He went to buy cigarettes from me,
and I gave him money to pay,
it wouldn't be strange if the coins had his fingerprints on them.
Yes!
You're right, Mr. Mouri!
You are clever,
but I don't mean the victim's fingerprints.
What do you mean, Mouri?
What do you mean, Mouri?
What prints are you talking about?
Please remember.
Before he died,
the victim bought a can of coffee on the train.
The waitress remembered because she gave him back the change of 10,000 yen.
Yes, I'm referring to the waitress's fingerprints.
You say you didn't get on the Hananomachi Line train,
but if the waitress's fingerprints on that train are the coins,
you can no longer deny it to us.
It will be the definitive proof of your guilt.
So that rumor was true, Dr. Date.
Yes, it is true.
The pharmaceutical company paid me commissions.
He saw how I was paid and blackmailed me.
He asked me for money.
He told me that if I didn't pay them, he would split the photographs
between the doctors' association and the hospital where I work.
And then I thought that I had to buy the photographs from him
and that I had to kill her,
because I didn't believe she would give me all the negatives she had.
And then...
There was a danger that someone would find out the truth.
And you devised the plan of switching trains to have an alibi.
and you decided to kill him, didn't you?
It was a perfect plan.
Just like the operations I do in the hospital.
As good a doctor as he is, he's a human being.
And sometimes misdiagnoses are made.
If he's a human being, he can't commit the perfect crime.
It is impossible.
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Oooooooh..., I slept so well!
Eh?
Hananomachi?
How come we're here?
Hey, while we're here,
why don't we spend a night at the hot spring hotel?
Another night?
Man, that would be nice.
Caram, Father.
What a great joy you give me!
We're staying!
Of course we are! Yes!
How nice!
Viscaaaaaaa!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Adult voice) I got it!
Another brand!
I thought so!
This is no accident, it's murder!
In the next episode...
The cleaning company murder case

