"As long as there are people involved in the current crimes,
there will be no unsolved cases."
"The characters involved in today's case have complicated relationships."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult."
"Everything is solved by Detective Conan!"
(Series tune)
DETECTIVE CONAN
The cleaning company murder case
Come on, Father, come on, hurry up!
Are you tired already, Kogoro?
Yes... I must take care of you... I have a hangover.
(Thinking) "Well, this was his idea."
You have to stop and wait every few minutes.
Let's see if you cheer up a little.
Come on, come on, let's run.
How far is it to the end yet?
This is...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Let's run!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't move from here.
Miss Maki!
Miss Maki!
Yes, say.
What's wrong, president?
Something seems to have happened.
Can you go look at it, please?
Yes, I'll be right there, sir.
-Hasn't the ambulance arrived yet?
-I hope it arrives in time.
-They won't be long. It's awful.
(Think) "It's the same drawing as the one on the truck."
It's death.
Must have dropped this steel beam from up there.
(Think) "There are no windows. The beam fell from the roof."
Who are you people?
We're employees of Pescado Lampante.
We were cleaning the other building.
Can you take a look at this abandoned building?
-Maybe it fell on someone, the beam. -Okay.
And now... but if it's ours...
It's bad luck enough, coming across a case like this on a Sunday.
Mr. Fujii!
What is it?
Do you know him?
Ah, yes... he's the manager of our company.
What happened?
Mr.
Fujii was on his way to the main office from this office?
Yes.
He had a meeting with the president at 9 o'clock.
Gee, I have to go and explain it to him!
President!
Miss Maki, what happened?
-Our manager... -What's wrong with him, Mr.
Fujii?
Fujii!
Please move the truck in front of the building.
-What?! - It will be in the way when the police arrive!
My God... what a disgrace!
Notify headquarters.
Call headquarters!
Come in, come in, please.
(Thinking) "Eh? What's the use of this switch?"
They say that when the accident happened...
you, Mr. Nakayama, were in this office...
and you, Miss Maki, the one next to it, right?
Yes.
Can anyone else confirm this, Mr. Nakayama?
What do you mean, Inspector?
After the accident,
M.
Mouri sent his employees to the abandoned building next door.
Ah, yes, I know.
And you haven't seen any suspicious persons?
No... but we believe that the beam did not fall from that building,
but from the roof of this building.
I've already been told that the owner of this building
occupies the offices from the third floor up.
And that his company has rented the first two floors.
As today is Sunday, the company upstairs is closed.
I have also been told that you and Miss Maki
are the only people who have come.
That's why you want to confirm our alibi.
Mmm... We'll have a hard time.
There is no other witness.
(Thinking) "Mmm... this switch... huh?"
"When you flip it you see the street in front of you."
"Judging by the angle, the camera must be on the roof."
"It's recording!"
"I get it."
"The camera angle changes automatically."
"This means...
to move it manually, you have to operate this crank."
(Kogoro) Hey!
Don't touch other people's stuff!
Oops... Mr. Nakayama, is that your wife in the picture?
-No, it's my little sister.
-Your sister?
Yes...
But unfortunately she died in January.
Gee, Father... I'm sorry, sir.
I didn't mean to...
It's incredible that at his age he presides over a company.
He must be very smart.
We set up this company when we were in school,
between my sister in Fujii and me.
First we started a small service company.
We would go fishing for customers at houses,
and that's why we called the company "The Helpful Fish".
That was a few years ago.
Even we didn't expect it, but the company was very successful,
and later, we had it converted into a cleaning company.
We called it "El Pescado Lampante Cleaning Service".

I took over as president of the company and at Fujii as managing director and head of the sales department.
and in Fujii as managing director and head of the sales department.
My younger sister was my secretary....
but this January she died.
As I know you will eventually find out, I prefer to explain it to you now.
Fujii and I had a very strained relationship lately.
A tense relationship?
Yes, because in Fujii was about to set up his own company.
He intended to take some of my best technicians with him.
"Lately, we were arguing every time we saw each other."
Today we were supposed to meet to finish talking.
I get it!
Have you cleared up the case?
Yes, he threw the beam from the roof!
Mr. Nakayama and Ms. Maki are lovers.
Maki are lovers,
and she confirms her alibi to protect him!
Eh?
What the hell are you laughing about now?
How do you want us to be lovers, me and the president?
I'm sorry, but your deduction is not correct.
Miss Maki is getting married next month.
So... she's getting married...
Inspector!
We found the marks left by the beam in the building next door.
What are you talking about?! It fell from the abandoned building.
We also found this harmonica near the corpse.
As there is his name engraved on it, it must be Mr. Fujii's.
Yes, indeed, it's his harmonica.
I've seen her playing it.
But the harmonica doesn't have any prints on it, Mr. Inspector.
What?!
It's very clean, as if the prints were wiped off.
Shouldn't there be prints on the harmonica?
Yes, exactly, but...
Excuse me... I just remembered something.
Would you excuse me for a moment? Yes, go ahead.
Thank you very much.
Please notify Mr. Fujii's parents, and your promise, please.
Yes.
Why, Mr. Fujii had a promise?
Yes.
A girl from a very rich family.
The father had to invest money in Fujii's new company.
Hey, tell us how Mr. Nakayama's sister died.
Nakayama's sister died.
She died in an accident.
Accident, you say?
Yes, she folded from the company in December last year,
after a fight with the president.
She hired me to replace her.
"She was working part-time
at a construction company in Yokohama."
"He died when a steel beam fell on him."
A steel beam?!
It's an accident like today's!
Yes!
That's right.
What a coincidence.
It gives me chills.
(Thinking) "I doubt it's a coincidence."
"I would say that the death of the girl in the photo is related to the case."
"If so, it's likely that Mr. Nakayama is the murderer."
"But how did he do it?"
I'm off to see if I can re-interview the workers.
Will you wait here, please? Certainly, sir.
Come on, let's go.
(Thinking) "When he came in here...
M.
Nakayama set the camera to automatic position."
"If Mr. Nakayama is the murderer, there must be some clue, here."
Gee, you can see the street across the street.
What fun!
Ah, yes, that's right,
the surveillance camera on the rooftop is on.
A surveillance camera?
Yes, the president wants the street in front to be clean.
And with this one he checks that there is no dirt.
You can tell he's the president of a cleaning company, can't you?
Yes, the president has some very innovative concepts.
The fish truck was also his idea.
They park it in front of where they clean and so we advertise.
The switch is in the automatic position
but to see the alley, if you put it on manual?
Eh?
I don't know... why don't you try it?
Ok, ok!
You can't see it, senyoreta.
Em siento.
What is it, this tape?
(thinks) "Binoculars..."
What are you doing, Conan?!
You don't open other people's drawers!
Ah... Ah...
I'm going on the roof...
(Adult voice) This must be the surveillance camera.
That building has one floor less than this one.
I can see where he left the marks, the steel beam.
(Thinking) "With this difference in levels,
I could have jumped into the building and dropped the beam,
but I wouldn't have been able to get back."
"If Mr. Nakayama was here, he couldn't have dropped the beam!"

"And he was in the office, when the accident happened!"
Wait a minute!
Maybe...
I've got it.
There is a recent mark made with something very fine!
If I had used this method,
I would have been able to pull the beam without leaving the office!
But how did he know, that Mr.
Fujii would enter the alley?
I get it!
"Wrong!"
"The alley can't be seen reflected, from here!"
"Mr. Nakayama can't have committed the crime!"
Conan.
What are you doing?
Ah, no, nothing...
(Thinking) "Wait a minute. Come to think of it..."
Please move the fish truck in front of the building.
"I get it!"
"That's why there were no footprints, to the harmonica!"
"In the end, the murderer will be Mr. Nakayama!"
How did it go, Inspector?
Nothing new, Kogoro.
The windows had already been cleaned when the accident happened,
so no one saw anything at all.
(Thinking) "What a rage."
"I can prove that Mr. Nakayama moved the camera off the roof,
if I show them this footage...
"But that's not enough."
"I know!"
"All right, I've finally gathered all the evidence."
Thank you for waiting for me.
Ah, Mr. Nakayama, I think we'll be ready for today.
We'll be back tomorrow.
(Thinking) "Shit!"
"Mr. Nakayama will delete the footage when we leave!"
"I have no choice! He'll have to sleep!"
Here we are...
What's wrong, Kogoro?
(Kogoro voice) We can't leave yet.
Because I've found out how he did it, Mr.
Nakayama,
to kill Mr.
Fujii without leaving his office.
What are you saying, now!
Kogoro, do you mean the murderer is Mr.
Nakayama?
Yes.
The key to the riddle is the surveillance camera on the roof.
The surveillance camera?
Mr.
Nakayama has placed the beam on the roof of the abandoned building,
linked it to the camera on the rooftop of this building
with a piano wire or something like that.
Then, when Mr.
Fujii has entered the alley,
M.
Nakayama has manipulated the surveillance camera manually.
Mr.
Nakayama, made Miss Maki go outside
right after the accident,
because he wanted to go up to the roof to untie the camera rope.
And just a moment ago,
he ran upstairs to get rid of them very skillfully.
Am I right?
What do you want me to tell you?
Your deduction is missing an important fact.
How would you have done it, to calculate the right moment to throw the beam?
Only that you would have been wrong by one second,
the beam would not have fallen on top of Mr.
Fujii.
It was all calculated, inspector,
because Mr.
Fujii stopped just where he wanted to stop.
Mr.
Nakayama has left the harmonica he had stolen from him,
and watched Mr. Fujii's movements with his binoculars.
Fujii's movements with the binoculars.
How?
You can't see the alley from here!
Inspector, when there was the accident,
the cleaning company's truck was in front of the other building!
And the fish eye of the truck is a mirror!
What are you saying?!
Inspector, you must have already understood
that Mr.
Nakayama has used the fish eye mirror
to watch the alley with the binoculars,
and released the steel beam at the right moment!
That's why he made the truck move,
when he realized that Mr. Fujii was already dead.
Fujii was already dead.
So that the police could not deduce how he had done it.
But he made an unforgivable mistake.
He dropped the beam before Mr. Fujii picked up the harmonica.
Fujii picked up the harmonica.
He got scared.
And he understood.
You have to be very cold-blooded, to do this.
When he was getting ready, Ran got in the way.
This is all very well, but he has no proof.
According to your absurd theory, I've already thrown away the piano wire, right?
I have proof.
What?
Because after throwing the beam with the camera, you have moved it
and positioned it in such a way that it was easy to untie the rope.
And the camera was focused on the windows of the building in front of him.
Finish your explanation, Conan!
Come here, come here, everybody, please.
Conan!
Look carefully, please.
You see?
The camera is reflected in the windows of the building across the street.

And here a moment...
Look!
Ah! Ah!
Chairman!
My poor sister and en Fujii were lovers, inspector.
But one fine day, en Fujii got engaged to a rich girl,
and abandoned my sister.
That's why she folded from the company, she.
I thought she had folded because she had quarreled with you.
I thought so, too.
We lost our parents when we were very young.
I was like a father to her.
And sometimes she found me annoying.
She always said she wanted to get big, and that's why she folded.
That's what I thought.
But it wasn't that.
When my sister died in that accident,
I went to her apartment to take her things.
And then I found the photograph.
And she wiped the fingerprints off the harmonica and left it there.
If Fujii hadn't left it, she wouldn't be dead...
I couldn't forgive him.
She could not do it!
But you see, ironies of life...
I have used the fish mirror to commit the murder...
and I was discovered thanks to the reflection of the glass of that building.
Besides, Mr. Nakayama,
your company's employees had just cleaned them.
Yes, of course.
Our cleaning technique is the best in the world.
The reasons...
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Today I saw the truck of the Shining Fish Service.
They have stopped the president but they are still working.
Hm... But it seems to me that Miss Maki has folded.
She must have been traumatized.
Poor thing, what should she do now?
(TV) "Hello everyone.
"I am Kuniko Maki
and I will introduce you to the cleaning products of the Reluciente Fish Company."
"I'm very happy to be here."
What a brave woman.
But it could be that she had seized some evidence.
What do you think?
Now that you mention it, Conan, she was strange, this afternoon.
What?
What happened?
Don't tell me the Ayako is here!
In the next episode...
The Holmes fan meeting murder case

