"As long as there are people involved in the current crimes,
there will be no unsolved cases."
"Today, in Heiji Hattori discovers Conan's true identity."
"There is no case left to solve when Detective Conan appears!"
(Series tune)
DETECTIVE CONAN
"In the previous episode, Kogoro, Ran and me,
signed up for a Sherlock Holmes fan meeting."
"But since we arrived, strange things have been happening."
"In Kanaya, the owner of the inn,
has died by driving his car off the cliff."
"Since we can't communicate with the outside world,
we've decided to stay together so there won't be any more victims."
"But the Ayako, who had said she knew who the killer was,
died in an explosion that occurred in the garage."
"Is it the owner, the murderer ?, or any of the remaining 5 people,
excluding Heiji Hattori, Kogoro, Ran and me?"
"Suddenly, they attack Mr. Fujisawa with an ice pick!"
Holmes fan meeting murder case (II)
(Hitomi) Who could it be?
It couldn't be clearer: the owner,
who wants us to believe he's dead, but he's in hiding.
I'm sure he killed Ayako.
Then he attacked Mr.
Fujisawa with an ice pick and fled.
Why should he want to kill?
I even helped him write a book.
A book?
He paid for the publication of a book about Holmes.
It's called "The Scorn of Irene Adler."
(thinks) "Irene Adler..."
All right!
All right!
We'll go out and get it right now.
All right, all right, all right.
Stop, it's not worth it!
No matter how hard you look for him, you'll never find the killer outside!
What?!
Look at the table.
Isn't it strange that this chair is in such a narrow space?
The murderer has put it here after breaking the window.
Yes!
Look at this!
There's glass stuck to the back.
The murderer used the chair!
All we know is that the killer used this chair.
You idiot!
Why did he have to put it back, if he ran away?
Most likely he took it to break the glass,
but to break it without gloves.
As it was dark, he couldn't wipe off the fingerprints.
Because we did not look at the chair, he has left it well placed
to be able to clean the fingerprints when the light was on.
When the light would have come on?
But then he wasn't here anymore.
He was already gone.
Exactly.
I want you to understand that the owner can't be the killer.
The real killer is here.
It's one of us.
Hitomi, pretty girl, when the lights went out in the building,
you said the power was out, right?
Yes, when I went to plug in the coffee pot, the power went out.
Look... look how it's turned out.
Look, they put a piece of wire in the socket,
because it will cause a short circuit when the plug is plugged in!
Well, where did the murderer get it, this wire?
Probably here.
It's the wire from the label on the coffee packet!
From the size of the wire it looks like they are the same.
Who opened it, the package?
Mr. Kawatsu and Mr.
Kawatsu and Mr.
Tokanoh.
It's clear now.
The murderer is you, Mr.
Kawatsu!
Am I right?
Eh?
Wait a minute!
I'm innocent, me!
Three more people have entered the kitchen with me.
Shut up!
The others have an alibi
and they can't have committed the first murder!
He took the wire off the label while the other three were not looking,
screwed it into the socket, went back into the living room
and waited for the lights to go out.
And he took advantage of the darkness to attack Mr. Fujisawa.
He used the light of the lighter to locate him!
But there was an interruption and it didn't work.
Will you deny me this?
You're right, I can't deny anything,
but there's something that worries me.
Oi, nano?
Yes, unlike the first two murders,
in this case, when Mr. Fujisawa attacked.
Fujisawa attacked,
the killer left a lot of evidence behind, and it's strange, it's not normal.
Maybe I didn't foresee it, the killer, the third murder.
What do you say, Conan?
Aaaa... It was just a game.
I don't understand anything because I'm small!
Don't listen to him, please.
He really likes to play detective.
Come here!

(Thinking) "How strange... it's very strange, this child."
"He's not playing! He's making deductions!"
"Even though the body and voice are different,
he looks so much like Shinichi Kudo..."
"What if it was him?"
"That day we were at a house and he showed up at Shinichi,
this boy disappeared."
"And when Shinichi left, he reappeared."
"Couldn't it be... that it was him, actually?"
Isn't this all very strange, sir?
If the murderer were Mr. Kawatsu,
how could he have set fire to the garage, if he was in here with us?
And there's one more thing that puzzles me.
Before falling off the cliff, the car accelerated.
Yes, it's true.
It's true.
We've got the second murder solved,
but we have no leads on the first.
Have you figured out how the garage was set on fire?
Yes, more or less...
But there are still four things I don't understand about the first case.
First, why did the owner suddenly disappear?
Second, the acceleration of the car at the last moment.
Third, the strange noise that was felt,
and fourth, why was a blanket covering the dashboard?
But now we have to solve another mystery, gentlemen.
The owner was clutching very tightly all around.
His body was very straight despite the bumps.
First he must have been murdered,
and they must have sat him in the car when his body was already stiff.
Already... already stiff?
The corpses begin to enrigidir
within 30 minutes to two hours after death.
After that, it takes 9 to 12 hours to become very rigid.
It maintains rigidity for 30 hours, and gradually loses it.
After 70 hours, it returns to its original state.
If the owner's body was rigid when it was put in the car,
it would have been 2/4 of 4,
it must have been killed between 2/4 of 4 and 2/4 of 7 the day before yesterday.
He had already been killed before dinner.
But why did they have to put the body in the car so soon?
Why did the killer want to make it look like a suicide?
The murderer was supposed to kill him before dinner,
he had to put the car in the car, grabbed the steering wheel,
and he had to wait for the body to be enrigidís.
And yesterday, after dinner, he went to start the car.
The murderer must be one of those who went to sleep after dinner.
Why has accelerated sharply, the car?
The corpse didn't step on the accelerator.
(Think) "Who stepped on the gas?"
(Thinks) "Gee whiz!"
"And if the killer had done what I imagine?"
"Then it can only be one person,
but I don't have any proof."
"Wait a minute."
"The Ayako was the hallway, in the afternoon."
"If I had seen something in that person's room..."
"I get it!"
"I got it!"
The identity of the murderer is...
The murderer is...
You!
Maria Toda, the fortune teller!
What?!
What are you saying?!
You have hypnotized the owner and ordered him to get into the car.
(He thinks) "What an ass..."
(He thinks) "Oh, sir, I'd better hurry up and put him under."
"But he can't find out that it's me, who makes the deductions."
And if the temperature rises when the corpse is enrigidint?
S'enrigideix faster?
Surely you know, right?
I have no idea, because I'm a bit of a donkey.
Eh?
(Think) "Shit... He knows, and he's waiting for me to figure it out."
"Okay, then."
I'll be right back.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Ah, I'm going too.
Huh?
Where's he gone?
Stop it!
I'm a fortune teller, not a hypnotist!
(Heiji's voice) -Time's up. What are you saying?!
I say time's up...
because I have found out...
who the murderer is!
You already know?
Yes... the person who has committed the two murders
and an attempted murder here at the inn is... you!
Yes, the person who has committed the two murders
and an attempted murder is you!
Who is it?
Is it me?
No, get out of the way!
The one behind you, whose face is soaked with sweat.
Mr. Takanoh!
Takanoh!
You!
Hey wait a minute, wait a minute!
I was in the living room long before the car moved.
And when Ayako was killed, I was here.
Exactly, don't be donkey!
(Thinking) "Gee.... Did she wake up?"
Calm down, father.

Don't tease us, you scoundrel!
And don't speak with that accent!
Besides, you were with us, too, when the car started to move.
How did Mr. Tokanoh do to move the car?
Tokanoh, to move the car?
Say!
(Heiji voice) It seems impossible.
But if you take advantage of the rigidity of the corpse
and a specific function of the car,
then it is possible.
I will tell you about it.
He placed the owner, whom he had previously murdered,
the driver's seat,
and put his foot on the brake pedal.
Even if the engine was in neutral,
the car would not have moved.
Yesterday, before dinner, he opened the garage.
After that, he just had to wait until the body lost its stiffness.
he released his foot from the brake, and the car moved.
What nonsense!
Corpses don't lose stiffness until 40 hours after death.
You said so yourself.
What, you don't remember...?
What if the outside temperature was too high?
If the ambient temperature is 35 degrees Celsius,
it accelerates the loss of rigidity.
And the body loosens up within 24 to 30 hours.
The owner of the hostel disappeared the day before yesterday
the night before last around 10:00.
If she was killed right after that...
given that the car started to move
around 3:00 a.m., after about 29 hours..,
my theory could be valid.
The noise I heard in the car was the heating.
If it had been the air conditioning,
water drops would have fallen.
That's why you looked at the ruts left by the car.
Exactly, as I imagined, there were no water drops anywhere.
But we could have checked this by examining the body.
But since he didn't want us to do that,
he caused the owner and the car to crash.
As we will not recover the corpse, we will not be able to check its rigidity.
Why did the car suddenly accelerate?
Probably because with the jolts of the road,
the foot must have come off the brake pedal.
Besides, even if there was a blanket over the dashboard
because no one noticed...
the heater light was on!
I get it.
If the killer is in the living room,
and everyone sees how the car moves by itself, then...
The killer already has the perfect alibi!
So, all things considered, we have to believe
that Mr.
Tokanoh didn't want the Ayako to leave the house
because he wanted her to witness the scene, right, Heiji?
That's right, Ran!
Mr.
Tokanoh, who has accompanied the Ayako,
is the only one who could have done it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Very interesting.
Your deduction sounds like something out of a mystery novel.
But it's a pity you don't have any evidence to confirm it.
I don't like to repeat things,
but when the fire broke out in the garage, I was with you in the living room.
I would not have been able to light the fire when Ayako went there.
Of course you can!
It was only necessary for me to tell you
that the first edition of the Holmes novel
was hidden under the car seat.
The first edition of the novel?
What's that got to do with it?
Don't you remember anymore?
The car was leaking gas and the battery was dead.
If you entered the car with the intention of finding the book,
the lamp wouldn't have turned on, and you wouldn't have found it.
What would you do?
If you were in the dark, you would light a lighter to...
I get it!
A lighter!
Ayako lit the lighter to look for the book on the seat.
The fire ignited the leaking gasoline and exploded!
Did she start the fire?
But wasn't Miss Ayako a witness in the first case?
Yes, but I already had 4 other witnesses besides her.
I didn't need her.
But wasn't she Mr. Takanoh's girlfriend, the Ayako?!
Why did she have to kill?
Because she had deduced that the murderer was him!
And she would have given him away.
They should all be remembered.
Yesterday, the Ayako said she knew who the murderer was.
Mr.
Tokanoh, who stood there,
made it look like he was accompanying her to the bathroom to protect her,
when, in fact, he went to tell her about the book in order to kill.
Yes, Mr. Tokanoh was the only one who spoke.
Tokanoh was the only one who spoke alone with Ayako.

That's why he changed his attitude when he came out of the washroom.
But it has its merit, planning a setup like the one in the garage.
It was the set-up he had prepared to kill someone else.
The killer was lucky,
because the Ayako was also carrying a lighter,
like the man Mr. Tokanoh intended to kill.
The car trap was prepared to kill Mr. Fujisawa!
What?!
Me?
(Heiji voice) Yes, exactly.
He tried to lure Mr.
Fujisawa into the garage
with the paper he left on the door of the room.
But the thing didn't go as he wanted
and he took advantage of the set-up to kill Ayako.
Then, he provoked the short circuit,
and in the darkness he attacked Mr.
Fujisawa.
Ah, now I understand,
that's why the killer left clues after the third incident.
And he had enough time to prepare the plug, when he went to the kitchen.
In short, I believe that Mr.
Tokanoh
is the only person who could have committed all 3 crimes.
Then you will have to prove that it was me.
I hope you have some proof, because the accusations are serious.
I am innocent!
Is that so?
Come on, don't pretend.
The Ayako saw something in her room,
and that lost her.
Now it's worthless.
You can no longer explain it.
First question, were you right-handed or left-handed, Holmes?
What a ?
Second question, as they said, Watson's wife?
What do you mean?
You no longer remember?
You also had to answer,
"The thousand questions of the Sherlock Holmes test".
Question number 241.
What did the letter that Holmes had sent to the murderer say
using a coded message from the "Dancers"?
Ah yes, I remember, from this problem....
The answer is, the answer is.... "Get over here right now!"
You're going the wrong way, Kent.
I wasn't, this question.
The question regarding the novel "The Dancers" was...
"Write down the coded messages that appear in "The Dancers".
It is a difficult question to forget because it is a bit complicated.
Isn't it strange that you don't remember this question, Mr. Tokanoh?
It's that I...
The Ayako came to your room to help you do the test.
I wanted to cheat, but you were not in your room.
It was probably the garage,
checking the stiffness of the owner's corpse.
And what did the Ayako see then?
The Ayako saw a blank test.
She had not answered anything, Mr. Tokanoh!
Why hadn't she written down the answers to the test?
Because I knew it wasn't worth it...
because you already knew
that the owner of the inn was no longer alive!
If you want to prove to us that this is not true,
I dare you to show us your proof, right now!
Oh, shit...
Murderer!
Why have you killed the owner and you wanted to kill me?
The "scorn of Irene Adler".
Probably the motive was the book
that the owner and Mr.
Fujisawa published.
What are you saying?
Hitomi, Irene Adler surpassed Holmes, the story?
Yes, but most of the owner's books
were about Holmes' wrong deductions.
He was of the opinion that she was making a mockery of Holmes, the book...
And it was... just the opposite.
Irene Adler was the only woman
Sherlock had ever treated as an equal.
To think that she mocks him is nonsense.
What?
He couldn't forgive her, couldn't... couldn't... couldn't...
You're amazing, Heiji!
You've lived up to your reputation!
(thinks) "Gee, no!" Eh?
That was easy!
I solve everything with my eyes closed.
I'm the best.
(Thinks) "His pride will still save me and he won't give me away."
Conan?
Conan!
I'm here, Ran... I'm here.
Hey!
You're Shinichi, right?
I don't know what you mean.
I'm a kid, and I call myself Conan.
Don't pretend!
You won't fool me, with that ridiculous accent.
Ah, you've imitated my voice with it, haven't you?
I was looking at you out of the corner of my eye, and I saw how you used it.
Where did you see me from?
Then, maybe it's true.
Your way of speaking
and your logic are those of Kudo.
Of course it is! It can't be... I'm a child, me.
Oh!
You are?
Hey, hey, hey!
Listen, I have something very interesting to explain to you.
You'll stand...
It turns out that...
Wait Heijiiiiiiii!

("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto...
DETECTIVE CONAN
So you were given a poison that dwarfed you.
And you live in a cap with the woman you love
to locate those of the organization.
(Adult voice) I'm not interested in her.
She's a pain in the ass.
She doesn't weigh me down.
Gee, you've become good friends, you two!
(Conan voice) Yes.
Do you want to know what Shinichi said to me the other day?
That you're such a complicated woman that she doesn't understand you!
Complicated?
(Thinks) "You bastard!"
(Thinks) "That's for putting me under!"
"In the adventures of Detective Conan,
you'll find all the difficult cases he's solved."
"My name is Conan Edogawa, I used to be Shinichi,
but a potion shrunk me."
"I'm just as smart and I can't resist any case."
(He thinks) "They cut it, the rope... with a knife!"
In the next episode...
The case of the murder of the first purchase

