"The handle of a clock that keeps turning,
a shooting star, a falling doll..."
"It pays to solve riddles."
"Today, an illustrator is a victim of her sentimental game."
"There's no case left to solve with Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai, AAAAH....
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku,
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori....
DETECTIVE CONAN
The case of the illustrator's murder
(Kogoro) What?!
A collection of crime scene drawings?
Haven't you heard about it?
Well, Mr. Hanaoka, the artist and owner of this design studio, will publish it next month,
will publish it next month.
We had him come to us because it would be interesting to publish a conversation
between you, such a famous detective, and Mr. Hanaoka.
A conversation, you say?
Is there a problem?
It's just that the father thought the book would only be about him.
We guessed it wouldn't, didn't we? Yes.
And where is he, if I may ask, this famous artist?
He hasn't arrived yet.
Maybe he has slept in the workshop.
What does he say now, man?
-What are you doing?
-Ah, are you awake?
What are you doing?
Paint?
It's nail polish.
What a beautiful color.
They put it on the market today.
So expensive.
Shouldn't you go to the studio?
Kento, aren't you meeting that detective at 5 o'clock?
Gee, I'm late!
You'd better hurry up.
I've already put on your pants and socks.
Oh!
Don't make any more tasteless jokes!
If my wife found out...
I did it expressly.
If she finds out, you'll get a divorce.
And then, we can get married.
Aaaah!
Why did you do it?!
You know that my relationship with you is strictly professional.
Thanks to me, you have a job as an illustrator,
and you can live in a luxury apartment like this one.
I'll explain everything!
My wife must imagine it.
There is a tacit consent.
I mean your... illustrations.
Almost 60% of your illustrations are drawn by me!
Hey, hey!
If people know the truth, your reputation will plummet.
And you won't sell any illustrations.
And who will believe the words of an unknown illustrator?
Ah, didn't you know, dear?
I've put my stamp on all the illustrations I've drawn.
What?!
No way!
In all the illustrations
there is my stamp under your signature.
It's true!
I have also included this stamp
in my works that I have drawn in a different style.
As you have commissioned so much work from me,
my originals have also become famous.
I didn't sleep tonight and made another one.
Tell the messenger to pick it up and take it to the publisher.
As much as I wish it...
you can never give up.
Never!
You are late!
It's already 2/4 of 6.
He's not at home, the answering machine comes on, in his workshop.
Maybe it's at Izumi's apartment.
He was supposed to bring us an illustration.
Izumi?
She's a new illustrator.
Look, she lives in that apartment over there.
Oh, shit!
I didn't want to do it.
I didn't want to kill her!
(Phone)
(Answering machine) "Hello, this is Izumi Chono."
"I can't come on right now."
"Leave your name and phone number after the beep."
(Beep!)
(Boy) "Hello, this is Tanaka from Hanaoka Design Studio."
"Are you here, Izumi?"
(Phone)
Hanaoka Design Studio. (They hung up)
(They hung up) Eh?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
-What's the matter? -Nothing.
They hung up.
What are you doing, Conan?
I was looking at the balcony of that apartment over there.
It's pouring rain and they have the mattresses on the balcony.
Ah, it's Izumi's room, the one I was telling you about.
She must have fallen asleep.
Listen, I think you're taking too long!
I think I'm leaving.
Please wait.
Mr. Mouri!
Kento, finally!
We've been waiting for you.
I'm very sorry.
I fell asleep in the workshop.
I'm sorry.
In the workshop?
I called you several times.
Yes, the phone woke me up.
Ah, sorry to keep you waiting, detective Mouri.
What did you do to your fingernail? To the nail?
Have you painted it with nail polish?

Of course not... It's paint, it's paint.
I must have stained my workshop.
Ah, listen, Tanaka,
you might get a call from Izumi in a while.
If she calls you, come in right away please.
Shit, shit!
Shit!
Shit!
That wicked witch!
(Phone)
Hanaoka Design Studio, please say?
Hello, this is Izumi.
Ah, it's you.
Wait a moment, Izumi.
Kento, it's for you.
It's Izumi.
Yes, it's Kento... What's wrong with you?
Are you better now?
What is it?
How do you want to die?!
From the balcony?
Will you jump off the balcony?
(Think) "She... she jumped!"
The victim who jumped off the balcony is 25-year-old Izumi Chono.
She's an illustrator who worked in your design studio, right?
Yes... I had just started, but I was a good artist.
When she called me she was very nervous
and she said, "I have no talent. I don't have it and I want to die.
And he jumped off the balcony.
You all saw him jump, didn't you? Yes, sir.
(thinks) "Contact lenses?"
"Wait a minute... if he's wearing..."
According to witness statements, he must have committed suicide.
(Think) "He didn't kill himself..."
"This is murder."
"She was probably already dead when she fell."
"She must have been thrown by someone."
"If this were true...
the prime suspect in the murder is...
the person who wanted to stop her from committing suicide, over the phone."
"No, there was no one, at the railing, when Izumi fell."
"But then how did he push her?"
"How did he do it to her, from so far away?"
(Murmurs)
Hey!
Don't you find it strange?
Please come here and look at the eyes.
Contact lens door.
So strange, you find it?
Look: he was wearing glasses, when he has fallen.
It's not normal, wearing contact lenses and glasses once.
It is true.
This could mean
that someone has put glasses on him before he pushed it.
One moment, Inspector!
Didn't you see how Izumi threw herself from here?
You made it clear to the police that there was no one on the balcony.
Oh...
That's strange, the door to the apartment isn't locked.
Look, a nail.
That's strange, there's a nail here.
Ran, please keep an eye on this nano!
So this girl has jumped off this balcony.
Slippers, a cell phone...
and here we have a broken test.
(Think) "The remains of the test are around the drain."
Hey, you!
or you should do the peeping Tom!
A contact lens case.
Must be the victim's.
So, the question is, why was he wearing glasses?
Maybe he didn't remember he had his contacts in.
See if he left any notes.
If he committed suicide, maybe he left one.
What the fuck is this?
These are pictures Izumi took on a company trip we took.
She liked to draw pictures on the faces of sleeping people.
But it's always the same drawing.
It's her signature, Mr. Inspector.
She put it on all her works.
For her, it was her personal stamp.
Her illustrations had become famous, lately.
There's no suicide note.
There's a bottle of nail polish on the floor.
It looks to me like it's just been released.
My friends said a new color polish was coming out.
Isn't that the same stuff that spilled on the bed?
Of course it is!
But she didn't have her nails painted this color.
The only thing that had a nail painted in that color...
is you, Mr. Hanaoka!
Is that true, sir?
I must have accidentally stained my nail this color.
I spent all morning in the workshop.
(Thinking) "I'm sure it's him, the murderer, for sure."
"Now, the problem is that he was in the studio with us when she jumped down the stairs.
when she threw herself off the balcony."
Come on, we're going home.
Conan!
No!
I want to stay!
(thinks) "Cleaning solution?"
"That's strange."
"From the case, it looks like he had to wear soft lenses."
"And in the fridge there's only the soap. Where is it, the lens rinsing solution?"
Inspector, we haven't found any note from the victim anywhere.
It won't be a suicide after all.
Hello.

I am from the courier company.
I forgot to leave the receipt when I came earlier.
Earlier? About 2/4 of 7.
2/4 of 7?
She was thrown out at that time!
Just a moment.
Didn't you see her?
I was told to pick up the illustration next to the door
and to pick it up from 6 o'clock.
I haven't seen it.
Here, it's today's receipt.
Eh?
Mr. Hanaoka?!
Are you, what is called the courier service?
What is the meaning of this?
The messenger has come when she has jumped off the balcony?
You know what?
This smells really bad.
She called me to tell me that she had finished the illustration
and I called the messengers to pick her up.
I told her to leave it on the doorstep
because she shouldn't be looking for the messenger.
By the way, did you notice anything strange when you came here?
Come to think of it, the door opened wide.
I knocked on the door, and it opened.
Maybe she opened it.
I thought so too, but there was no one there.
There was a nail in the floor.
A nail?
And right after that I felt a catacrec inside the apartment.
(Thinking) "Wait a minute."
"I get it! It's linked to a piece of test!"
"Now I understand it all."
"If he did it the way I think he did,
no matter how far away he was from her, he could make her fall!"
"Now I understand how he did it to her, the murderer!"
What are you doing, child?
Weren't you supposed to go home?
Ouch!
Mosquito pussy!
"Now all I have to do is stick the loudspeaker on."
What?!
You've already guessed who the killer is?
(Kogoro voice) Yes, exactly!
The Izumi didn't commit suicide.
She was murdered...
...you, Mr. Hanaoka!
(Kogoro voice) What?
Come on, Kogoro!
You yourself are a witness that he can't have committed it!
(Conan voice) It's true.
It can't be him, the murderer.
It was the studio with us.
And we saw him fall from here.
Yes, so much, boy.
(Kogoro voice) Shut up!
He used a thick fishing line and a nail.
Could you bring me fishing line and a nail?
Yes, right away.
Oh, and a bottle of soybeans and hot coffee, please.
A bottle of soy?
Coffee?
Now we boil the water for the coffee.
Let's see, what a head's on the doorstep.
You'll see.
Do what I tell you.
Make a baga big enough to go back and forth
from the balcony railing to the front door.
Run one end of the baga through the mattress belt,
which we will imagine to be the victim.
Next, pass the head of the baga over the top of the railing and stretch it.
Now tie to a test.
Stretch the thread going towards the front door of the apartment.
For the time being, inspector, leave the baga in place around the intercom.
Then pass the fishing line around the victim's body
and hang it outside the railing.
The victim is covered with the mattress.
The mattress was the camouflage that concealed the corpse.
Then all he had to do was close the door
and tie the thread he had left on the intercom to a nail,
in such a way that the nail was stuck in the door with the thread.
I get it.
When someone opens the door, the fishing line loosens and the victim automatically falls down, right?
and the victim automatically falls down, right?
The thing that had to open the door was the messenger
whom Mr. Hanaoka had called.
Hanaoka had called.
He wanted us to believe that he had nothing to do with it.
It's very interesting, this set-up, Mr. Mouri.
But where is the fishing line?
I haven't seen it.
It is very simple!
What?!
If we use the remaining thread and a bottle of soy,
it disappears as if by magic.
First, tie the string between the victim and the test.
The thread is passed through the outer cap of the drain and the inner one,
and then tie it to the soy bottle.
The entire drain must then be put back in.
The bottle acts as a counterweight.
Anything else could be used,
such as the bottle of lens rinse fluid that is missing from the fridge.
that has disappeared from the refrigerator.
Seeing is believing, my lords.
We open the front door.
The door of destiny...
The key that will solve the mystery of this case!
He's gone inside!
Check the drain immediately!
Look, we already have the thread and the bottle used by the murderer.

This is ridiculous!
I have talked to her until she has thrown herself away!
Besides, she called me!
Press the redial button,
you will see that she called the studio.
No doubt about it!
Because when you've finished doing all the editing,
you called the studio from here, didn't you, Mr. Hanaoka?
The voice that Mr.
Tanaka heard over the phone,
was a part of the message that Izumi has on the answering machine.
When he left here to go to the studio,
he passed by his workshop
and took the tape with her voice on it.
When he arrived, he went to the washroom and called the studio with his cell phone.
Hello, this is Izumi!
Then, Mr. Tanaka put the call through,
and made us look out onto the balcony,
so that we all thought that she, who was already dead, had committed suicide.
Surely, Mr. Hanaoka,
he killed her with the ashtray under the table.
The investigations will clarify this point for us.
Very well, after everything you have said...
I hope you have some evidence to prove that I am the murderer.
And you won't have any, because it's the first time I've come here today.
Mr. Mouri, have the coffee.
What's wrong with you, detective?
I'll hold it, thank you.
Ah!
I'm burning!
I'm burning!
Say what you want!
I am innocent!
What is this?
What do you have, at the bottom?
What's this?!
Isn't it Miss Chono's signature?
(Kogoro voice) Yes it is.
She liked to play pranks,
and painted her nails while she was sleeping.
And how on earth did you figure that out, Kogoro?
Even though there were nail polish stains on the bed,
she didn't have them painted.
He, on the other hand, had his little fingernail painted.
And it looks like it's a new color that came on the market today!
If you are innocent, tell me something.
Where, when and who painted this picture?
Come on, please, Kento, don't tell me that you...
You murdered poor Izumi?
It can't be!
She must have done it for some reason related to the illustrations.
In this book, below her signature,
is Izumi's signature.
It must be the drawings
Izumi had drawn in imitation of his style.
Surely they had quarreled about it.
And it went exactly like that.
I was furious, and by the time I realized it, she was dead.
But maybe...
that's not the only reason I killed her.
I was afraid... I was afraid...
her talent so young...
At first, she was sweet and obedient,
like a butterfly fluttering around a flower.
But little by little, it began to dominate the flower,
sucking its honey until it dried it up.
That is why I tore off its wings, so that it could not fly.
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte.
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto
tatoe tatakakau mainichini akekuretemo...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Do you want the father to appear in an advertisement?
Yes, I'll pass you the father now.
Hello, this is Detective Kogoro Mouri, please say so.
You've become famous.
They want you to be the star of an advertisement!
(Thinking) "What a rage! He gets all the medals."
I'm not interested in anything, making this ad!
What kind of ad was it, father?
An ad for sleeping pills!
All I have to do is to sleep!
(Think) "Wow It would be the ideal ad for you."
(Thinks) "It smells like gasoline!"
"Why do they want to murder Kogoro?"
"Is it related to the ghost ship?"
I won't let a curse scare me.
Especially not me, the famous Kogoro Mouri!
Why does he want to kill me?
In the next episode...
The ghost ship murder case

