"The handle of a clock that keeps turning,
a shooting star, an exploding doll..."
"It pays to solve riddles."
"In today's episode there are 1 billion yen in gold nuggets."
"Everything is solved by Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai, AAAAH....
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku,
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"In Ryujinmaru, who had disappeared 7 years ago
loaded with gold nuggets valued at 1 billion yen,
suddenly appears to Shikijima."
"But the gold nuggets are gone."
"Coincidentally, in Kogoro he is going to hold a conference on the same island,
which with the ghost ship incident, is the center of attention."
"A lot of tourists go on pleasure trips."
"In the end, Mr. Mikami, the mayor of the island,
has been made to go to Kogoro to find him the gold nuggets."
"Before the start of the conference,
a balloon filled with gasoline almost killed Kogoro."
"The main suspects are in Hamada, the lighthouse keeper,
and in Uehara, from the Pelarchi travel agency."
"It seems that in Uehara he has some connection with in Hamada."
"At night, a man dressed in armor attacks Kogoro."
"Luckily, in Kogoro he wakes up and goes out to chase him."
"But he is hit from behind and stunned."
"When he wakes up, everyone accuses him of a murder he didn't commit."
The ghost ship murder case, part two.
Mr. Mouri, I can't forgive you for committing a murder.
No!
You are wrong!
Someone attacked me in the room,
I chased her and ended up here.
They stunned me and then I found the mess.
He died intentionally when you fought with him.
I said no!
This dress you are wearing in Hamada,
isn't it what was on display at the museum of the navy soldiers?
It is the curse of the marine soldiers!
Enough of this nonsense!
That must be it!
He must have possessed it and made him wear it!
This curse is an absurd superstition!
Then why is he dressed like that, in Hamada?
Well, that's still not...
Come on, we will not clarify anything, here discussing....
(Thinking) "He died from the sword wound."
"That's funny. Not much blood comes out."
"He was tied up!"
"He has wounds all over his body."
"These wounds..."
They don't have to look at them, these things, the kids.
Yeah, right.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Where are you going now?
Come back here, Conan!
Come on, come on!
Conan!
I'll bust your kidney, if you enter the places without permission!
(thinks) "He must have been killed here, in Hamada!"
"It's dry."
Is it blood, this?
Ran, please, can you tell the policeman to come here?
Wow... Yes, it looks like she was murdered here.
But this doesn't mean the detective is innocent either.
What does it say?
(Boy) The marine soldiers are angry
because outsiders do foolish things!
One moment, please.
The curse of the soldiers will fall on us!
Hey, be quiet!
(Think) "I have to do something."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Here we are...
-What happened? -It was the god of the soldiers.
(Kogoro voice) That's funny!
But what's wrong with him?
If someone thinks he can screw me with a childish montage
he'll think twice!
It has not been you, sir?
Of course it wasn't!
When I got here, he was already dead!
Don't lie!
The proof is the pool of blood in the cabin!
If I had killed her,
he would have been dead less than 30 minutes ago!
And instead, the blood in the cabin is dry!
It's been there for 3 or 4 hours.
It's true.
That's why the one who attacked me couldn't have been in Hamada.
He came into the room disguised as a soldier
and made it look like he wanted to kill me.
It was a set-up that the murderer made because I was chasing him
and to charge me for the murder.
But what he says...
This man has flirted in Hamada in the cabin of the boat.
And the proof is that he has rope marks on his wrists.
Probably, the murderer wouldn't want to kill him,
because the wounds on his body are very numerous and superficial.
Yes.
Exactly, sir.

This means that the killer has hit on Hamada and tortured her.
Why did he do this so cruelly?
In Hamada he had some relationship with the Ryujinmaru!
He was supposed to go, when he was shipwrecked!
But how the hell does he know?
The Ryujinmaru's telescope was the lighthouse.
How do you know where the telescope was, sir?
Wow!
A great detective knows everything!
Of course he does.
It also appeared in Hamada 7 years ago.
You mean the murderer asked Hamada where the treasure was?
That's right.
Probably, in Hamada he must have known where the treasure was,
and came to live on this island so he could keep watch.
But as he was afraid that I, who had suddenly introduced myself,
would locate the treasure...
he decided he would kill me.
In Conan and the Suzu they saw that in Hamada I was going out
through the back door of the stage!
The Suzu ?!
There is another person who also wants to know where the treasure is.
And he was not interested in Hamada, who had confessed the secret,
and I, who am looking for the treasure, were still alive.
It can't have been someone from the island.
It must be him!
That man who came from Tokyo!
-The one from the travel agency? Yes!
I saw him fighting with him in Hamada!
Fighting?
Where is he, this man?
At the Yamadaya Inn.
That's good, father, it's all settled!
It wasn't me!
Believe me!
We already know, you've cleared everything up.
What?
Hurry up.
Come on, let's go!
What's that?
Don't run so fast!
I've never arrested any criminals.
Then why are you carrying the gun?
What's the matter? This one, he's scared shitless!
-Don't worry, I'll go.
-What?
I'll go in and try to convince him to surrender.
-But... -No more talk.
Since we invited him, I feel a little responsible.
It's been 3 minutes already.
Mr. Kinoshita!
Are you all right? He... he ran away...
He ran out the back!
Chasing after himself!
I tried to convince him, but he suddenly shot at me.
We'd better get him to the hospital.
I'm fine... it's just a scratch.
(Radio) "We haven't seen any suspects in the Shiomi-dai area, over."
"Ebisuita, we haven't found the suspect either, over."
Thank you all.
We'll let it go, for today.
Have one stand guard and the others go to the inn.
They haven't gone to this area.
It's the marine soldiers' cave.
No one on the island will dare to go there.
-And I don't want to go either. You will do as you are told!
-And why don't you go!? - Why should I go?
(He thinks) "If the Uehara has murdered Mr. Hamada
because he already had what he wanted,
why did he want to go search the lighthouse?"
"It's moss. But it's a kind of land moss."
"This ship has never been to the bottom of the sea!"
"But how can it be that they've had her hidden for seven years without being seen?"
"Wait a minute."
"It's the marine soldiers' cave. No one goes near it."
"Maybe..."
"If that man had looked through the telescope, he would have noticed."
"He had no need to torture in Hamada."
"If they see me, they won't let me in."
Oh, it's you, what a scare.
You want to go to the soldiers' cave, don't you?
Yes... Then I know a shortcut to go.
Hey, hey, hey!
What?
Where is it?
It's going!
Tell me!
Oh, my!
Don't you know how to ask for things, Conan?
Please, Suzu...
And that's all?
How do you want me to ask?
What?
And now!
Don't be a fool, Suzu! Don't do it to me, if you don't want to!
Search me here, then.
Au va!
Very well, I'll accompany you Conan.
(Think) "How cheeky!"
Look!
It's over there!
You won't step in, will you, Conan? Of course I will.
But you can't.
I thought you didn't believe in superstitions.
I was just saying that because I'm old and I feel responsible for you!
You can wait here, if you're afraid.
Hey, wait for me.
Superstitions are just... superstitions, right?
It seems to me that Mr. Hamada took care of this shrine.
(Strong wind)
The god of soldiers is angry!
Conan, the gods will punish us!
Look, another cave.
That moaning was not the voice of the god of soldiers.
It was only the howl of the wind.
Do you want to go in there? Yes.

"These ladders are not made of natural rock, someone built them."
There's light, down there!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What a shitty set of stairs!
They could have made them better.
(Thinking) "This moss.... So it was here, the boat."
Conan!
Look, it's beautiful!
(Thinks) "There's no moss. It collapsed a little while ago."
"I get it."
"The entrance to the cave opened up because of the storm."
"Stones have jumped out from up there."
"Surely the Ryujinmaru must have been hiding here."
"The ship was hidden here,
and the storm reopened the cave."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What's wrong!
(Think) "A suicide?"
"No, it wasn't a suicide."
"So the murderer is..."
(Phone)
Yes, you say?
Yes.
Yes!
They would do us a great favor, no doubt, sir.
Yes, thank you very much.
The fishermen's boat will go to take a look
at the soldiers' cave from the sea.
Okay!
Come on, Ran!
Father, wait!
What have you seen in Conan?
No.
He must have gone out to play outside.
Come on, hurry up!
He must have killed himself because he had no escape.
Mr. Kinoshita!
I followed you because we were losing.
Come on, let's go.
All right, let's go.
What's the matter?
This man didn't commit suicide.
She's been murdered!
What are you talking about, boy!
Look at the wounds.
The wound on the right temple is bigger than the one on the left.
The bullet entered on the left and exited on the right.
And on the other hand, the pistol is on the right.
It's not normal, to hold the gun with the right hand
and shoot himself in the left temple.
So you don't need to hide anything from me anymore.
What is he doing?
It seems that it doesn't come back to you, Conan.
That wound on your arm, you did it to yourself.
How did you know that, devil's child?
His shirt was burned around the wound.
He pointed the gun at his arm and fired.
You said he shot you by surprise.
But if that were so, the wound would be very different.
Well, you are a very clever boy.
He also killed Mr. Hamada!
Yes, he did.
I always thought that man was hiding some secret.
Since he wasn't there, I went to the lighthouse.
Did you find the telescope?
Yes... I wanted to look for the treasure quietly.
But that greedy man in Mikami did the wrong thing.
Greed leads nowhere.
The father is not greedy!
You are!
You stole money from the town hall!
I got really scared.
In Kogoro Mouri is a very famous detective.
I thought that if he looked for the treasure he would find it before me.
And then, to top it all off, this guy came along.
And he stopped Kogoro's trap,
because it looked like he had killed in Hamada.
Yes, you're absolutely right, but I still underestimated him.
Mr.
Hamada explained where the treasure was, right?
I had to torture her, but she confessed.
As Mr. Mouri imagined, the treasure was there.
Mouri imagined, the treasure was aboard the Ryujinmaru.
So the other character was him?
Yes.
In order to keep all the treasure for himself,
he threw the captain overboard on the day of the storm.
In Hamada, who was actually called Aoki,
steered the ship into the cave for shelter.
But because of the storm, the entrance to the cave was blocked.
He could not have found a safer hiding place.
And to top it all off,
people believed about the curse and didn't go near it.
And in Hamada he finished making sure that they did not approach.
When he killed the professor
and everybody thought it was the curse's fault.
What did he have, in Hamada, on his face?
He had burned his face so that none of his classmates would recognize him.
He made it look like in Ueda he had shot him to let him run away,
because if he was arrested,
he would have said that you are the murderer and that you know where the treasure is.
Exactly, my boy.
Because he was also beginning to imagine that the treasure was here.
Why do you let me run away?
While you're asking questions, people are coming here,
and they want to lynch you.
-What? - Don't worry, I'll hold it for you.
If you were caught, it wouldn't help you at all, having a gun.
Yes... Okay, thank you.

Mr. Kinoshita!
And he came running into the cave and killed her?
That's right.
Good point.
All right, we don't need to talk any more.
If I leave you here, no one will find you.
You'll disappear forever.
Conan.
Have you found the treasure, sir?
It must be buried here somewhere.
I'll look for it quietly when this commotion has passed.
What are you laughing at?
Being such an ass, I wouldn't find it if I looked for it for 100 years.
Why is that? You still don't get it?
Do you know where the treasure is?
Yes, under your feet!
The gold nuggets are here, mixed in with this rubble.
You're a genius!
I love you, Conan!
Hey, hey!
An earthquake!?
I've got it!
Take this table and get out.
I'll take Mr. Kinoshita!
I'll take Mr. Kinoshita!
Hurry up, Conan!
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Come on, Conan!
"The gold has been buried inside the cave that has sunk."
"And it has been so well buried that they may not be able to recover it."
"Who would spend more than a billion dollars
to recover something that is only worth 1 billion?"
"The gold that had made greed grow
has returned to the depths of the earth
along with the curse of the marine soldiers."
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte.
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto
tatoe tatakakau mainichini akekuretemo...
DETECTIVE CONAN
You idiot!
You're such an ass!
If I hadn't come to your rescue, maybe you wouldn't have explained!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Woe betide you if you touch my Conan again!
(Think) "Oysters!"
Oysters!
(Think) "I don't get it."
"Where has he gone, the assassin?"
"Wait a minute."
"Could it be that the killer..."
"The only one who could have done it is..."
In the next episode...
The Gomera Monster Murder Case
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.

