"The handle of a clock that keeps turning,
a shooting star, the cold heart of people..."
"It pays to solve riddles."
"In today's test you have to have imagination."
"Your brain of an adult and it's... detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai, AAAAH....
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku,
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Three Footprints Murder Case
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You can go to the bathroom now.
Conan, tomorrow is Sunday.
Are you meeting someone?
I don't have any plans tomorrow.
Why not?
A friend of the father's just called.
He's having a barbecue tomorrow and he's invited the three of us.
Ah, a friend of Kogoro's, you mean...
A friend of Kogoro's, you say...
It's Mr. Teraoka.
When I started working as a police investigator,
he helped me a lot.
He's an inspector in the fourth squad of the investigation department.
The fourth squad!
They're the ones who take care of the gangsters!
(He thinks) "He must have a lot of interesting stories to tell!"
"I'm really looking forward to it!"
In those days, you always started out of the test
and you never knew who the murderer was.
We used to call you "The investigator who screws up"!
(Think) "Well, that hasn't changed..."
And now, you're a detective who always gets it right, by all accounts.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I don't believe it.
Mr.
Teraoka, leave me alone.
Don't be so cruel.
Come on, take the glass.
Eh?
You haven't even touched it, the beer.
This doesn't do it for you.
Even if it's my day off, you never know when we'll call you.
Oooooh!
Gee, mister, what a nice car!
It's very expensive, isn't it?
Ah, yes... The car is the only hobby I have.
Ran, did you have any plans, for today?
Have I done you wrong?
Don't suffer.
I'm sorry I invited you so last minute.
It was a surprise.
Around 9 o'clock, he came out of his room
and said, "I've invited Kogoro Mouri for lunch tomorrow."
He usually plans everything...
I thought it would be nice to improvise a little.
(Cell phone rings)
Yes, yes.
Let's see if it's for work.
(Call) What do you say?!
Where are you now?
Okay, I'll be right back.
Relax, I'll come alone.
Please wait for me.
I'm sorry, but I have to go for a while.
Something happened?
Yes, Kogoro, and it's serious.
I just got a call from a gangster named Matsuyama.
He killed someone without meaning to, yesterday.
What's he saying now?!
He wants to get out of the mafia, and he's asked me for advice.
I'll go and convince him to turn himself in to the police.
Will you go alone, Mr. Teraoka?
It would be reckless.
If he were to get away, you'd be the one to take her down.
Besides, it's dangerous.
You should report it to headquarters.
No, I can't.
I promised him I'd go alone.
But you're off duty, and the gun...
I don't need a gun.
Matsuyama called me because he trusts me.
I can't betray that trust!
Then I'll go with you.
What?
If not, I'll explain to Inspector Megure.
Big shot!
Okay, I'll take care of it...
But he only has to see me, understand, kid?
Yes.
Where are you meeting?
Warehouse number 13 at the port.
I'm going to get a jacket.
Wait for me in the car.
I'll get it for you.
You stay here, Misako.
Ouch...
Boy, he's late, this guy.
Sorry, I couldn't find the car keys anywhere.
(Metal noise)
(Thinking) "What was it, this noise?"
(Thinks) "This noise... What was it?"
"I know!"
I hope he's not fooling around, the father.
He had been drinking.
Come on, Ran, we have to go to the port!
Doesn't it make you suffer, your father?
I'll get a cab and we'll go.
What's the matter?
Conan!
Father...
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry, father.
I was so worried about you.
Where is he, Mr. Teraoka?
Back here.
He told me to wait here.
Come on, let's go and see what they're doing.
Don't you see that if we go, the criminal...
(Gunshot)
Father!
In Teraoka he doesn't carry a gun.
This means that the other...

Conan, wait!
Mr. Teraoka!
You say you tried to persuade Matsuyama to surrender
and he pulled a gun on you, and demanded money?
Yes, you can see he was planning to run away from the start.
I told him, "You can't run away, they will find you. Let's talk,
and I raised my hands.
I didn't want to push him any further.
I approached him,
and I went up to him to take the gun away.
And when he struggled, the gun went off.
It was an accident.
Inspector Megure, it was an unfortunate accident.
And who had killed, this Matsuyama?
I don't know, he just said he was a gambler.
What was his relationship with Mr. Matsuyama?
Matsuyama?
He wanted to get out of the mafia and asked him for advice.
Today he trusted him and agreed to meet.
I'm sorry, it was a mistake.
I am responsible for everything that happened.
I was very reckless.
Mr. Teraoka...
(Thinking) "If I'm not mistaken, this wasn't an accident...
it was a murder."
"And the murderer must be Mr. Teraoka."
"But I don't have any evidence to prove it."
That's it.
Ah, thank you very much.
Wow!
Kogoro, I don't know if you've read it in the papers,
but the man who killed in Matsuyama was a gambler.
Yes.
The murder took place the day before yesterday around 8:00 p.m.
The murder weapon was a knife.
We don't quite understand,
that a gangster uses a knife instead of a gun.
It looks like he got into a fight with the victim over gambling debts...
and killed him.
And what will happen to him now, Mr.
Teraoka?
It seems to me that he will kill her,
because even if it was an accident,
he went to see Matsuyama on his own and killed him.
He'll get a few months of disbarment.
Poor guy...
(He thinks) "No one suspects that Mr. Teraoka's version is false."
There is something that has not been explained to the press.
On the gun were the fingerprints of 3 different people.
From 3 different people?
One belongs to Matsuyama, the other to Inspector Teraoka.
He must have left them when he tried to take the gun from the victim,
but the third prints are a mystery.
We don't know whose they might be.
They must belong to some gangster from the Matsuyama gang.
No, they're not from a gangster.
We ran them, and they matched.
Well, they're from an arms dealer.
We thought so too,
but they don't match anyone on file.
(He thinks) "Who could they belong to?"
"If the owner of that gun
is the same person I think is a suspect..."
He has spoken to Mr.
Teraoka of the company?
When you told him, what was his face?
Man, now that you say it Conan, he was really scared.
(He thinks) "I have no doubt!"
"Mr. Teraoka is dead, M. Matsuyama!"
"The proof is the other footprints!"
(Telephone)
Inspector Teraoka, say.
Ah, hello Inspector Megure.
(Megure voice) I wanted to tell you something about what happened yesterday.
Don't you find it very strange,
Inspector Megure making us go to Mr. Teraoka's house so late?
Teraoka's house so late?
And that he wanted Conan and me to go too.
(He thinks) "With the inspector's voice I called in Terraoka."
"I hope everything goes well."
I didn't know, that the inspector would also have made him come to you.
Please sit down.
In fact, I don't know why he called us here either, the inspector.
Hey, Mrs. Teraoka.
Can I watch something on TV?
Of course, Conan.
Go watch it in the guest room.
When we have guests, we make them sleep in this room.
Another day, you can spend the night here.
(thinks) "This must be Mr. Teraoka's office."
"There's a video missing!"
"It's in the trash!"
"Is there a cloth?"
"It smells of oil."
"Mr. Teraoka... in this box!"
Let's see, you had to explain me, Kogoro?
Wasn't it you who had to explain something, inspector?
It's you who told me that you had to explain something to me.
But what you have called me...
Ah!
Again...
(Kogoro voice) Very well, gentlemen.
I will try to cut to the chase and solve this mystery right now.
Listen to him carefully.
Before we begin, please sit down, Mrs. Teraoka.
Ran, you too.
Mr. Teraoka...

you are the one who killed in Matsuyama!
And now.
What a foolish thing to say.
How can you think that?
Don't try to confuse us, now.
When you met Mr.
Matsuyama stunned him.
You put a gun in his hand, pointed it at his chest,
and you pulled the trigger.
Am I wrong?
What nonsense.
Kogoro, why do you say that?
For several reasons.
First of all, yesterday, when he invited us over,
he didn't even drink a sip of beer.
And what does that mean?
Very simple, Mr. Teraoka.
When I told him that I hadn't had a drink,
he said that even if he wasn't on duty, he could still be called.
And that's why he didn't drink.
And I believed him, but he kept looking at his watch.
Wasn't it because he knew that in Matsuyama he would call at that time?
That's why I didn't drink and why I had my cell phone on my belt.
I always carry my cell phone in case there's an emergency.
What's so strange about that for a policeman?
Do you carry it too, now?
Ah, no, I have it in the room now, but I usually carry it.
Later, when I was talking to Matsuyama on the phone,
at first he spoke very quietly,
but suddenly, he started talking loudly.
(Caller) Where are you now?
I'm fine.
Don't move, I'll be right back.
As if he wanted us to feel the whole conversation.
And although apparently you were in a hurry to go to the port,
I don't understand why when I asked you about it,
you explained that whole gangster story to me.
I just got a call from a gangster, a guy named Matsuyama.
He says he killed someone unintentionally last night.
Half the things he said during the phone conversation were false.
Hadn't I called him the night before, Mr. Matsuyama,
telling you that he had killed someone?
When he called you, you made promises to him.
You told him to call you on your cell phone around 12 o'clock the next day.
I heard it went like this, the things?
When Mr.
Teraoka was on the phone, he wasn't...?
When Mr. Teraoka was on the phone, it was a real conversation.
After that, Mr. Teraoka was talking to himself.
Teraoka was talking to himself.
Probably, his interlocutor must have hung up by now.
And he already imagined that I would insist on accompanying him,
when he said he would talk to Matsuyama.
Why would he do that?
To have a witness to confirm that you were not armed.
That's why he wanted me around when M called.
Matsuyama!
He had planned it all very well.
He came out of his room
and said, "I've invited Kogoro Mouri to lunch."
Quite simply, I fell into the trap that had been set for me by Mr.
Teraoka.
Wait a minute, Kogoro, don't run so fast.
Inspector Teraoka was unarmed when he came down the harbor, wasn't he?
Wasn't he carrying a gun?
At least, it looked that way to me.
He didn't put on his jacket because I could see he wasn't carrying a gun.
When we were leaving, he went to his room to get it.
Where was he carrying it, the gun?
He had strapped it to his right leg.
Mr. Teraoka had the gun hidden in his office.
That's why he got angry with his wife,
when she wanted to fetch his jacket.
Anyway, don't move from here!
Mr.
Teraoka, am I wrong or is this true?
It's just your imagination.
You don't have any proof!
You can't stop me, with these arguments!
No, if you want proof, I have one.
The third prints on the gun.
The third prints?
Yesterday, when we were waiting for Mr. Teraoka to leave the house,
his wife was looking up to the second floor, very worried.
At first I thought she must be worried
because she was leaving without taking a gun,
and that she was afraid the other man might play a trick on her.
But in fact it wasn't that.
What worried his wife
was that he was going to talk to Matsuyama with the hidden gun
and that he would do something foolish.
Like killing Mr. Matsuyama, for example.
In other words, your wife already knew
that you had a gun hidden in your office, Mr. Teraoka.
She must have found it by chance one day,
and had inadvertently picked it up
and put it back in its place right away.
She had wanted to tell him about it,
but she hadn't dared, and she was very worried.
Mr.

Teraoka, who could not imagine that she had touched the gun,
calmly picked it up.
She killed Matsuyama and made it look like an accident.
So the third fingerprints must be Mrs. Teraoka's.
Mrs. Teraoka, is this true?
Mr. Mouri is right!
Misako!
And now Mr.
Teraoka will explain to us why he killed in Matsuyama?
Maybe I had accepted money from him, maybe I had...
He gave me money.
In return, I supplied him with information from the police.
But what are you saying now?
At first, I was calm,
the information I gave him wasn't very important.
Then I started to get more involved.
By the time I realized I had gotten involved, it was too late to get out.
And the night before yesterday, he called me.
He said, "I killed a person,
prepare me some money so I can run away."
And he added:
"If they catch me, I will tell them about the relationship you and I have."
I decided to kill him,
and I told him I would have the money the next day at noon,
to call me on my cell phone around noon.
I had the gun in my pocket for such a case.
One day we arrested some gangsters, and I had taken it on the sly.
And in Kogoro he has already explained how it all went.
Forgive me for making your life so difficult.
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte.
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto
tatoe tatakakau mainichini akekuretemo...
DETECTIVE CONAN
How people change.
A man like Mr.
Teraoka... wouldn't have said so.
But Father, in the end, Mr. Teraoka said...
Teraoka said...
You've become quite a detective, haven't you, boy?
He seemed to be satisfied, Father.
I don't know...
It seems as if...
He had a gun hidden in a videotape case.
You wouldn't happen to have anything illegal hidden in some box, would you?
Ah!
This is...!
Looks like there's something else in here.
Aiiiiiiiiiiii!
Aaaa...
Wait!
Wait, daughter!
What is it, that...!
Ah, I couldn't give pumpkin to this client...
Your curiosity always brings me displeasure, boy!
Father!
Couldn't you have hidden them somewhere else?
(Think) "This person has had a child kidnapped?"
Very well, father, do you have any clue of the kidnapper?
In Keita is in a place with crabs and a whale that draws water!
This license plate number is false?
(Think) "Wow! Now that they have the money, Keita...!"
"I've got it!"
"The crabs and the whale are...!"
In the next episode...
The murder of the dark street

