"A clock that keeps turning, a shooting star..."
"Conan's deductions are the best remedy."
"Today, at last, this case is solved."
"All cases are solved by Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "La Ran, Kogoro and I have gone to do the mystery tour
instead of Professor Agasa and some friends of his."
"The participants must deduce who the organizer is."
"Whoever figures it out will win a diskette with a special program."
"Mr. Ebara, one of the participants,
dies when he falls from the balcony of his room."
"It was a murder."
"Now we have to know how he did it, the murderer,
to get out of the room after throwing him off the balcony."
"And who is he, the man who presents himself to us
after having killed a policeman who is a great karateka,
and after dodging Ran's kick?"
The case of the murder of the night baron, the denouement.
Hey!
Wait a minute, excuse me!
The policeman who died was a great karateka?
Yes, he had the third degree of karate.
What?
It seems that it can't be.
(Thinking) "Come to think of it... He dodged Ran's punch!"
"He foresaw his moves."
"The only suspect capable of doing that
is the karate champion of Japan, in Satoru Maeda!"
"That's why they didn't pursue the night baron, the Ran and Akiko."
"Because they knew that the male was in Satoru Maeda."
"Ran..."
(Think) "Shinichi, what would you do, in a case like that?"
"What would you do, Shinichi?"
If the criminal is an acquaintance?
Yes!
If it was Dr. Agasa, for example....
I would tell!
Would you tell on him?
Yes!
I'd say: "It's you, the murderer!"
Wow, what a surprise, you're really brave, man.
Brave, nothing!
I'd be careful that the other one didn't make a new face.
And I'd only say it after I was sure he was the murderer.
"Very well."
I'm sorry, Satoru.
If I hadn't signed up for this trip...
I came because I wanted to.
It's the man of the night, the culprit.
Satoru, it mustn't be you, the...?
No.
I didn't say anything.
-I'm going to sleep.
Good night. Good night.
(Knock on the door)
Inspector Yokomizo.
The victim's personal belongings.
Thank you very much.
We found something stuck to the knocker.
Excuse me, Inspector.
Well...
Look, this is adhesive tape.
(knock)
Who's there?
Conan, is that you?
Who's locked the door now?
Me, from outside.
With this adhesive tape!
First, cut out the piece of tape you need.
Leaving a few centimeters of the adhesive part open,
fold it in half.
You put the safety latch in a perpendicular position
and hook the tape.
Fence the door...
Stretch the tape from the outside...
It... it's locked!
And if you pull even harder... the tape comes off.
There's no evidence left.
See?
But I don't know if the explanation is that easy.
-The door closes automatically. -Yes.
If you have the key, you can check if it's locked or not.
And if the tape breaks, you can't get it out.
The killer couldn't see the end of the tape.
And he didn't realize that there's tape stuck to it.
Come to think of it, they found a key on the floor...
I see what you mean.
Of course you do!
The criminal steals the key from the victim and the disguise.
After throwing the victim off the balcony, he leaves the room.
He locks the door using the technique you described.
Check that the door is locked,
throw away the key and run away.
The room is locked.
And just like that, it looks like an accidental death!
How did you guess, this?
I saw it in a movie.
Now we have to go through the alibis that the 6 suspects have.
Mr. Maeda, who says it was with the Ran.
The Akiko, who says he was in the room.
Mr.
Konno, who was in the room reading mail on the computer.
Mrs.
Kamijo, who was the bar.
And Mr.
Kaneshiro and the Shizue, who were in the restaurant.
I know Mrs. Sayama's alibi!
Sayama's alibi! What a ?!

She called reception at about 10 o'clock.
Yes, she called to tell us to wake her up tomorrow.
I remember because it was after hearing the scream of a client.
Now, the victim was in room 2101.
She couldn't have committed the crime.
She was with Ran and Conan and they found the male.
It's out of the question.
Why did the murderer do it?
Why did he steal the costume?
He must have been desperate,
when the police deduced it was murder.
Do you have any record of Mr.
Mr. Konno?
He must have had his phone busy, if he read the email.
Yes, he has been connected from 3/4 of 9 to 6 past 10.
Since he hasn't spoken to anyone, you can't confirm that for us, can you?
Mrs.
Kamijo, who was the bar with you, is also a suspect.
Coi de chiquillo...
She threw a drug in my glass?!
Yes... And you fell asleep.
(Think) "I thought so! I was taking sleeping pills!"
"You made Kogoro fall asleep to have an alibi."
And then what did she do?
She went to the toilet.
She came back after 5 minutes.
Mrs. Kamijo was here, at the time of the crime?
Yes... She left when she felt the commotion.
Those two were here tonight.
When they felt the fall, they ran forward to look at it.
(He thinks) "They ran forward?"
And I found them very suspicious....
In fact, better.
We only have two suspects left.
"He's right..."
"The only ones who don't have a verifiable alibi because of the time of the crime
are Mr.
Konno and in Satoru."
"In Satoru says he was the lookout with us."
"But he was the only one who looked at the time and may have made it up."
"Considering that the policeman who died was a great karateka,
the criminal must be in Satoru."
Conan!
Ran, what's wrong?
And the father?
He's over there.
What's wrong with you?
I already know.
I have the alibi on Satoru!
After leaving us,
at Satoru has found some fans of yours at the entrance.
He has written the time and the date, in addition to make an autograph.
It was 3 minutes past 10 o'clock.
The fans looked at the clock.
Shouldn't you have them come?
I'm going to get them right now!
"Perfect... so Satoru is not the killer."
"Wait a minute!"
"Why didn't he say so, when he was questioned?"
"It's a perfect alibi."
"Does he have any reason not to say it?"
(metallic thump)
"It's the pen I dropped. It loses ink because of the blow."
"It's normal, if it fell from the 21st floor. Eh?"
"Mr. Ebara, who has fallen from the same balcony,
has landed on the statue."
"It's the direction of the wind. The wind?"
Eh!
Miss!
Miss!
Di.
Was it windy when that man fell?
Ah, yes, it was.
And it was blowing very hard.
At this time of year, the wind always blows stronger, the night.
It blows from left to right of the statue.
They call it the princess wind.
The higher you go up, the stronger it is.
(Think) "Wait a minute. There's a point where the wind..."
"What a fool I am, not to have noticed something so simple.
"There's no doubt, she's the killer."
The policeman who was killed was a great karateka?
All right, I know who the murderer is!
The moment of truth has come!
Bring in the suspects!
Yes, sir.
That's unlucky.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
The detective has told me to do what it says here
when you get to the suspect's room.
What's this? It's like an experiment.
This is how you'll find out who the killer is.
Let's go over your alibis, so we can rule out suspects.
Mr. Kaneshiro.
Kaneshiro, Mrs.
Hayashi, Ms.
Sayama and Ms.
Kamijo
have an alibi that we have been able to verify.
(Thinks) "Shit... Can't see anything, though."
The ones with an alibi inconsistent strength are:
Mr. Maeda and Mr. Konno.
After committing the murder and stealing the male's costume,
the murderer has run into Mrs. Sayama, Ran and Conan.
The killer did not know that the agent guarding the corpse was a karateka.
What?
He was a karateka?!
Yes.
Therefore, the only one who can have killed the agent at once is...
precisely you, Satoru Maeda, the champion...

Wait, Father!
In Satoru is not the murderer!
Because it was with these girls, at the time of the crime!
It's true!
It can not be.
-So then who is it, the murderer? -Come on, come on, let's not rush.
-Come on, come on, let's not rush.
(He thinks) "I get it!"
The murderer is the one who has no alibi.
You, Satoshi Konno.
(All) What?!
Don't be fooled by appearances.
Maybe he'll come at you again, but he's also a good karateka.
Well, I see he's not.
Don't waste our time!
(Think) "It's the signal!"
So who is it, the murderer, eh?
Don't make us suffer, tell us straight.
And you are a famous detective?
Well, the murderer is...
Mr. Mouri...
(Kogoro voice) You're joking.
What do you think you are?!
Let him speak!
You're just like that to explain your deductions, aren't you, Ran?
Yes, I do, sir.
Before I start explaining anything,
I'd like you to move away from the statue, because it's dangerous.
What are you planning to do?
An experiment.
What's this?
I've told the agents to throw rolled-up blankets
from the balconies of all the suspects,
and labeled with room numbers.
2101. It's the room where the murder was committed,
Tokyo Ebara's room.
It has ended up on top of the statue.
Is it possible that it has gone so far?
Yes, it is the wind of the princess.
At this time of the year,
a very strong wind blows, the princess wind.
It blows from left to right of the statue.
That's what happened when the Ebara fell from the balcony, isn't it, miss?
Yes... It seems to me that it was blowing even harder then, the wind.
In addition, the victim was disguised as a male,
and that made her more vulnerable to the wind.
If she'd been thrown from the balcony of her room,
it would be very unlikely that she would have landed on the statue below.
The blankets that were thrown from the second floor are nearby.
I see what you mean.
We were fooled by the glove on the railing.
Your staging was intended to make it look like an accidental death...
and hide the crime scene.
That's right!
The murderer didn't make the set-up of the locked room
after the murder,
but he committed the murder after the set-up.
Therefore, the most suspicious blankets are the ones next to the statue.
The one of Mrs.
Kamijo's, from room 2,102,
Mr. Konno's.
Konno's.
Mrs. Sayama's, from room 1901.
Sayama's, room 1901.
It's a coincidence!
The other blankets are also near the statue!
It's a coincidence that the blanket was pinned to the statue,
but it is not a coincidence that it fell there!
Neither Mrs. Kamijo nor Mr.
Kamijo nor Mr.
Konno are the murderers.
Their windows are facing
the other side of the victim's room.
The victim could not have fallen from there.
But her room is below his rooms.
And the blanket has gone to the same place.
It's no coincidence.
Notice: there is only one place, under the victim's balcony,
that's not so affected by the wind.
That he called the front desk for an alibi,
confirms that she was in the room at the time of the crime.
So, the murderer is...
No.
You're wrong!
It's me, the murderer!
I threw her off the balcony!
The Akiko had nothing to do with it!
She ran into the murderer!
It was me, disguised as a man!
I did it all by myself!
Satoru...
So it was you.
You did it to protect me, didn't you?
Protect you?
That's right, so no one would suspect Akiko,
M.
Maeda stole the disguise and presented himself to her.
But he is not an accomplice to the crime.
He has realized who the murderer was, and he has done it on his own initiative.
For example, the way of tying the knot of the tie?
I don't know if it was the custom of the murderer,
but Mr.
Maeda has found something that later floated in the pool.
What?
A wig ?!
Yes, Inspector Yokomizo,
you were supposed to find it among the murderer's personal belongings,
and that confirmed that it was her.
It can't be!
The wig was there
because Mr.
Ebara and the male wore the same hairstyle.
That's why he has risked to present himself to her
after putting on the wig and stealing the disguise!

Yes, they could have stopped him.
It was risky.
He didn't say he had witnesses to confirm his alibi,
because he wasn't interested.
If things got complicated,
he wanted to pose as the killer, to protect Akiko.
That's funny.
He had conceived the perfect crime, and you had everything on your shoulders.
Akiko...
It was me!
I murdered Mr. Ebara!
To avenge the death of my brother, killed 3 years ago.
What? Murder?
Murder?
Yes!
It's as if she had been murdered!
I had risked everything to create a program, "Workshop",
that the Ebara would pirate!
- "Workshop"?!
-You know him?
Yes, Mr. Ebara sold it to me 3 years ago.
But as he had pirated it I withdrew it from the market.
But my brother jumped from the roof of the company before!
Since then, I have only lived to avenge my brother's death.
I also organized this trip.
The bait I used to lure the Ebara
was the famous virus, "The male of the night".
The Ebara bit without knowing that the program did not exist.
I didn't let Satoru in, and then I invited the Ebara.
It bit right away, just like with the virus.
I just had to hint to him that I knew where the virus was.
I threw him a sleeping pill for his drink,
locked the room and threw him off the balcony.
He died just like my brother!
The only thing I hadn't foreseen,
was that a detective like you would be aiming for the trip.
I threw Conan into the pool to make them go away.
But he didn't care at all.
Satori, you see what kind of woman I am.
Believe me, you'd better forget about me.
I'll wait for you.
I'll be waiting for you, if you'll be late.
You idiot...
"Then, Akiko nodded her head
and got into the police car."
"A in Satoru, who had complicated the thing, was also taken away."
"According to Inspector Yokomizo,
extenuating circumstances will be taken into account."
"While they were being taken away, it felt like the wind was blowing.....
the wind of the princess."
("Hiraki to Kaze no Roman")
Roman katareba hitobanjuu Tsukai shirazu no all night long.
Koisuru himamo naiyo namiga oshiyosetekuru.
Kiokuno nakawo oyoidemo gengitsuha cool and dry,
sore wo tashikametakute dokoni Samayoa ikuno.
Kumon Younes tukamenai anatani tsuteyuku dokomademo Kokoro chicatte.
Itsuki subetega wakattemo anatawo sukide irarerukoto
tatoe tatakakau mainichini akekuretemo...
DETECTIVE CONAN
That's why he slipped a sleeping pill in his drink, Kogoro.
I thought that in the diary of a famous detective,
I would discover the identity of the male.
But there was nothing written.
Why did he want to know?
This has an explanation.
I just wanted the virus to be able to create the antivirus.
They must have wanted to misuse it.
What a thing to say!
I just wanted to give a lesson to the creator of the virus
for having rendered useless to me a program that I made,
and that for me was like a son.
Even if I had to play the blind man? Ah, you've noticed.
It was to lower the enemy's guard.
What was it called, your program, sir?
If I'm not mistaken, it was called...
I'll help you.
It was called "teenage girls' paradise".
Ah, yes, yes, yes, that's right!
Listen Ran, I've been told that...
you've gone all over the hotel to find an alibi for Mr.
Maeda.
Ah, it's just that I admired her a lot.
Besides, my king has advised me never to give up.
My king? Have you called the groom?
It's not what you think... Who is he, your king?
You too, Conan?!
It is he who has disappeared!
The one who is crazy about mysteries!
Hey, what's wrong with him?
Don't panic!
Kogoro.
Mm?
Invincible?
Eh, you've drunk embargo, maybe?
Look, this bottle has a sticker on it.
The sticker is for entering a company contest.
But the deadline to participate was already 3 days ago.
That's right!
In the next episode...
The case of the stalker's murder

