"A clock that keeps turning, a shooting star..."
"Conan's deductions are the best remedy."
"Today, a stalker will pay dearly for his crime."
"All cases are solved by Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Stalker Murder Case
How cool the air is!
It's so nice at this time of the morning.
Yes, it's the perfect day for a walk, isn't it?
You think so.
You're waking me up so early.
I'm dying of sleep...
An "Invincible".
Just a moment.
Can I get you something to drink?
I just need an energy drink.
Oh, two bottles are out.
Today's gonna be my day, guys!
I don't think two bottles came out.
One was supposed to be here already.
I wouldn't drink it.
You sure you wouldn't?
Yes.
But it doesn't look like it's been tampered with.
I don't think anything's wrong.
It doesn't make any strange smells.
Someone bought a few and left this one behind.
(Girl screams and barks)
It fits here.
Ran, call an ambulance!
Quickly!
Hey, what's wrong?
Don't panic!
Kogoro!
An Invincible!
Hey, you've drunk embargo, maybe?
That's strange.
Who knows if it was poisoned...
The deceased is Tatsuya Nagai, 26 years old.
And it says here his address is Chome Midori Dai, 3.
Is something wrong, officer?
No, nothing's wrong, Inspector, but it rings a bell, this man's face.
(thinks) "Paint on the shoulder?"
Inspector.
Probably the toxic product was an organic compound of phosphoric acid.
Phosphoric acid compound?
Yes, in small quantities, it causes nausea and salivation,
but in extreme cases...
it causes breathing difficulties and pulmonary dysfunction.
Inspector, I'm sure this is indiscriminate killing,
without a specific target.
What?
Come with me, please, Inspector.
Where are you going now?
Look, Inspector.
The murderer has placed the poisoned bottle of Invincible
in this lower compartment
so that the first person who passed by would take it.
Mr.
Nagai passed by and bought a bottle.
But instead of taking the Invincible he had bought,
he took the bottle that was poisoned.
Then he left and started to drink it.
After a while, the poison took effect.
Do you have any evidence to prove
that the murderer left the poisoned bottle in this machine?
I do have one.
This is it.
I also bought a bottle of Invincible from this machine.
When I went to get it, I found another bottle.
Look, this bottle of Invincible has a sticker on it.
It's the label used to enter a contest,
but the deadline to enter was three days ago.
There is no sticker on your bottle.
You're right.
And there's no sticker here either.
All right.
This may give us some clues about the killer.
Now I remember who it was, this man.
I questioned him at the station.
About three weeks ago, Inspector.
We got a complaint from a girl who lives near here.
She said that a madman had been following her for some time.
The man who was hanging around the apartment was the victim.
What a shocker!
So this man was a stalker?
That's right.
He followed her every day to make her like him.
But since he hadn't hurt her, I let him go.
Did you ask him what he did for a living?
I was studying law at Beika University.
Is it near here, the girl's apartment?
Yes, it's not far from the crime scene.
Maybe he was going to the girl's apartment.
Maybe he was following her again.
What did he say?
That girl didn't call anymore, from that day on.
I figured that guy dumped her.
Now we'll find out.
Let's see this girl.
It's death, that guy?!
Yes, she drank a bottle of poisoned Invincible,
about 40 minutes ago, in the street.
I don't want to be indiscreet, but where were you?
I've been home for about 40 minutes or so, Inspector.
I work in a family restaurant in Haidocho.

After lunch they close around 4 o'clock.
I stayed to clean up.
I left around 5 o'clock.
You come by train from Haidocho to Beika.
You came on foot from the station?
Yes, on foot.
So, inspector, as you said in Conan...
Bring me a map, please.
Yes.
Miss Nishitani, tell us how far you've traveled
from Beika station to the apartment.
I went through the station street, and that way.
I thought so!
You went past the beverage machine and where the victim fell.
What do you mean by this?
Look, Mr. Nagai died here.
He was following again.
My God!
After the police reprimanded her, I didn't see her in the neighborhood anymore,
and she was very quiet.
(Thinking) "I don't know if it's true that I didn't know he was following her..."
"Windows and doors with security locks."
"She even has a defense spray."
"She must have bought it when Mr. Nagai was terrorizing her."
They found organic phosphoric acid compound in the bottle of Invincible.
There were only Mr. Nagai's fingerprints.
This means it is likely that the killer had planned the whole thing.
Have you been able to find out where the killer bought the bottle of Invincible?
No, not yet.
But if he had bought it from the drink machine,
by the date on the bottle,
he would have bought it between yesterday and seven days ago.
According to the distribution company,
they replaced all the bottles yesterday with new ones without adhesive.
Wow.
Thank you very much.
I have been with Mr. Nagai's mother.
Nagai's mother.
We had her come over to show us her son's apartment.
We found this.
A photo album.
Well, these are photos of the woman we saw this morning.
They're photos taken on the sly.
I went back to see Miss Nishitani.
I got the impression that she didn't know I was taking these pictures of her.
This apartment is not what we saw.
And the family restaurant?
Before moving to Beika, she lived in Yokohama.
He worked in a pastry shop
and dreamed of owning her own establishment.
Did she move to escape from Mr. Nagai?
I think so.
Because of the fear he had, he had insomnia,
and decided to work in a restaurant.
It would be very hard.
Poor girl.
Mr.
Nagai, who had no job,
lived off the money his father sent him.
That's why he had time to follow her.
It's bad luck enough, that a man like that is infatuated with you.
Now, honestly...
I don't believe she didn't know he was following her.
(Thinking) "Me too. That girl is hiding something."
You mean she must have put it, the poison, in the bottle?
The truth is that it wouldn't be impossible.
It could be that she bought the drink
to let her know that Mr.
Nagai was following her,
and that she had taken the bottle she had just bought
and left the poisoned bottle in the compartment.
So, if, as she imagined, he bought a bottle....
But we cannot be sure that Mr. Nagai bought it.
Nagai bought it.
Listen, inspector, you're neglecting something very important.
Look!
The seal is broken.
If the cap is left like that, no one would drink it.
It's true.
The killer didn't leave the bottle at the drinks machine.
Gee, it's a very complicated case.
And even if we know something else about Mr.
Nagai.
He left his house at about 10:00 p.m.
Witnesses say he was carrying a sports bag.
This morning, he wasn't carrying any bag.
Maybe it has nothing to do with it... but it worries me.
(Think) "A bag?"
"There's no way he'd dare drink from an open bottle of Invincible."
Ouch!
I can't drink anymore.
Va, anem's-e to bathe.
I'll stay a while longer.
I'm going to take a bath.
What are you guys doing?
What's wrong with him?
-Well, nothing... -Well, nothing...
Ah!
You wanted to drink Ayumi's Coke.
And now!
Come on, Conan.
What's that?
What about us?
-What things to say.
-Come on, Mitsuhiko!
-Let's see who splashes the most! -You'll beat me for sure!
(Think) "What are they like, these guys!"
"Sure!"
"I get it!"
I get how he did it!
But I have no proof."
Ah, hello, officer.
You're the one living with Mr.

Mouri? Yes.
Have you questioned anyone?
Yes, we need some evidence
to confirm that the victim bought the Invincible here.
Have you checked the prints on the coins in the machine?
Yes, but we didn't find the victim's prints.
There was a 100 yen coin and a 10 yen coin with no prints.
(Think) "The murderer bought the Invincible here!"
If the store had a camera,
we could find out who the killer is.
"A camera? Who knows if..."
You collected Mr. Nagai's personal items, didn't you?
Nagai's personal items, didn't you?
Mr.
Mouri told me to ask you what he was carrying.
Ah, you understand.
Aaa...
a wallet, a handkerchief, a driver's license, cigarettes,
a key and a lighter.
What was it like, this lighter?
It had a lid that opened like this.
It looked bigger than usual.
And where is this lighter now?
I gave it to the victim's mother.
Very well.
Thank you very much.
-Dispensi.
-Hello.
-I'd like to ask you a few questions.
-Yes, yes. -Say.
The paint that the victim had on his shoulder!
Where was it, the paint that has stained the strap?
Detective Mouri's agency, say.
(Megure voice) Hello Kogoro, this is the inspector.
Eh ?!
And now!
You didn't call me, Inspector Megure?
Isn't it you, who called me?
What's the meaning of this?
I have to go to work.
Aaa... it turns out...
Oh, the prick!
(Kogoro voice) Me, I've called her!
Wow!
You've already been inspired!
Come on, say, say.
Miss.
Nishitani, you won't be able to go to work, tonight.
Because it turns out that the person who poisoned the drink...
is yourself!
What are you saying?!
That morning, you were aware that Mr. Nagai was following you.
"He bought a bottle of Invincible at the machine."
"From that bottle, we'll call bottle A."
"When you were sure he saw you,
and you did your best to make him see it,
she pretended to take the bottle out of the machine."
"And all walking around, she started drinking it."
"Then he left the bottle of Invincible on top of a fence."
"But that wasn't bottle B, the one you were drinking,
but it was another bottle that he had previously poisoned."
"A typical trait of almost every stalker
is to take things from the person they like."
"And naturally, Mr. Nagai took that bottle."
"He saw that there was still some booze left."
"Because he was so in love with you,
he drank what was left in the bottle,
not knowing it was poisoned."
And you left another bottle of Invincible to the machine
because it looked like indiscriminate murder.
The coins you used to buy the bottle A
and the everin bottle had no prints on them.
But this has an explanation.
You had to put glue on your fingertips so that no fingerprints were left on any part of your fingers.
so that no prints were left anywhere.
Glue on the fingers ?!
When we came to see her,
she was rubbing her hands together to remove something from her fingers.
It was the remains of the dried glue.
It would not be normal to wear gloves at this time of year,
and if she had picked up the bottle with a handkerchief,
Mr. Nagai would have been suspicious and would not have drunk it.
You can make all the deductions you want, but do you have proof?
Yes, I have one.
Conan!
(Conan voice) Here.
(Conan) What?
This is...
(Kogoro voice) You must not have noticed Mr. Nagai taking pictures of you.
Nagai was taking pictures of him.
And it's only natural,
because Tatsuya used a special mini-camera.
A special camera?
This is it.
This lighter lights like an ordinary lighter,
but if it works over here, we have a camera!
This button is the shutter release.
Mr. Nagai was very crafty, like his father, who owned a foundry.
Inspector, if you look closely at these photos,
you'll see that the bottle of invincible in the photo
has a pink sticker with a blue ge on it.
That's the sticker for entering a contest.
That's right, Inspector.
Just as you told us,
a worker had replaced the Invincible bottles
for others without the sticker the day before, around noon.
This means that...
You are right.
I killed him.
If I hadn't, he would have killed me.
What do you mean, exactly?

A week ago, when I was walking down the stairs of the station....
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
His look said to me:
"How dare you denounce me? I'm going to kill you."
I thought the only solution was to kill him before he killed me.
Inspector.
What you say is true.
Mr. Nagai wanted to kill you.
What?!
Please look what's in this bag.
It's the one Mr.
Nagai was carrying.
It was hidden behind some bushes,
next to a freshly painted lamppost near here.
Open it, please, Inspector Megure.
Probably, he intended to take the bag he had hidden
to make a hole in the window of this apartment,
enter the apartment
and kill her, for having reported him to the police.
Sooner or later he would have killed her.
Although he will not be able to prove
that it was a murder in self-defense,
this evidence will be considered a mitigating factor.
It has all been a nightmare.
Forget about it, serve your sentence and rebuild your life
to realize your dream of owning a bakery.
After all, you are still very young.
Thank you very much, sir.
(Kimi ga INAI Natsu)
TSURAI asa wa unzari suru he.
Tsumazuite mo tanoshiku ikite yuku yo.
Kuridasou oikakete Haruka na yume wo
Donna ni hanarete ite mo wakaru.
Azayaka sugiru kimi ga INAI natsu, ano koe ano shigoto ga horogate ku.
Kotoba naka dekinakute mo ii,
koboreta Hizashi ni kokoro ga nijinda.
Aaaaah... Mover modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru.
Aaaaah... Move modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Wow!
This case has made me think a lot.
I see it differently, this stalking thing.
It's true that there are people who ask you for help
because they follow you or make anonymous calls?
The problem with these cases is that they are hard to prove.
The police don't take it seriously until something happens.
And the stalker can become a murderer.
This is what had happened in this case.
Yes, I have to keep watch too.
Ha-ha-ha!
No need to suffer!
No man will lose his head, for a Secall like you.
What do you mean?!
(Think) "I wouldn't want her for an enemy..."
Conan, come back!
(Think) "There's a piece without blood, on the wrist!"
"The suspects are the triplets!"
In the next chapter...
The case of the murder of the triplets

