"A clock ticking, a shooting star..."
"Conan's deductions are the best remedy."
"Today's case happens on a summer night."
"No case is left unsolved with Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Triplet House Murder Case
It's summer and the sun is shining beautifully.
There's nothing like the beach!
Too bad the only boy there is in Conan,
with two exceptional beauties like us...
What can we do!
(Think) "Sorry."
It's the private beach at your house.
What did you expect, Sonoko?
It's true!
I'm here to get a tan
and spend my vacation chasing pretty boys!
That's all you care about: boys, girls and boys...
Those who have boyfriends are calm.
I'm sure you bought this swimsuit
to impress your beloved Shinichi.
(Think) "Ooooh! He bought it to impress me!"
"I'd like to take a closer look at it already."
-It's you, Yuzo! -How I like them, girls!
Maybe I was too hasty and shouldn't have gotten married!
Aw, you're so in love with my sister.
Is this guy your...?
It's Yuzo Tomizawa,
the third son of Tetsuji Tomizawa,
president of the Tomizawa Financial Group.
He will marry my sister.
The Suzuki and Tomizawa financial groups have always understood.
In Yuzo met my sister at a party.
It was love at first sight.
Enough, Sonoko.
If you want to see her, go to my place.
Yes.
I've come to introduce her to my father and brothers.
This means... The whole family is here?
Yes, but my brothers will arrive tomorrow.
My father should be here by now.
I'll call him now.
(Answering machine) "Tomizawa family.
We can't come right now.
Leave a message..."
Eh?
Well, it's the answering machine.
What time is it, girls?
It's 10 past 3.
Strange, the father was supposed to be here at 3.
Hey, what's wrong with you?
I can't stay knowing that Mr. Tetsuji is coming.
I'll have to go say hello to him!
Sonoko, wait for me!
Who's there?
What?
Father!
Hello.
I came without waiting to be invited.
But Father!
I told you she's waiting for you at home, that I'd come with her.
I wanted to taste the dinner that your future wife will prepare for us.
(TV) "He has given a very strong blow! And he runs. It's a three-way race!
The Falcons player, Kigure, it stings!"
Very good!
The father admires in Kigure.
Of course he does.
Couldn't you do without the game today?
No.
I have to watch here.
Our antenna is not going well.
(TV) "The aggressive attack of the Falcons continues into the sixth" inning ".
"The game is very exciting.
(TV) "It's 9 o'clock at night. We'll pause for the news.
"Typhoon eleven is on the rise and heading toward Okonawa."
"It has caused many delays to sea and air travel."
"It's already 9 o'clock and they're still playing the sixth inning."
Do you have a radio, here, Ayako?
I don't think they're broadcasting the game on the radio.
Don't worry, they'll broadcast it again soon.
Have a cup of coffee.
I expected nothing less from a girl from the Suzuki family.
You're a lucky man, Yuzo.
Not like the other sons, those are something else.
The eldest, in Taichi, wants to be a novelist,
and he doesn't want to work with me in the company.
The second one, he was on the right track,
but he fell in love with a girl who lives in the fifth hellhole.
Shut up, will you?
Don't talk bad about them.
Yuzo, and you too!
Always drawing useless pictures!
Yuzo, please!
Don't worry, Ayako.
I'll finish an illustration in the workshop.
But Yuzo...
I'd give him a good charge if he wanted to work with me.
(TV) It's a home run!
9 a 8!
The Falcons win!"
They're geniuses!
They won!
Hayabusa is the best coach!
It's really getting late.
I'm going home.
Goodbye, Ayako.
If you don't mind, I'll come tomorrow with my 3 children.
No problem.
Let's see if he'll want to watch the game tomorrow too.
It's already 2/4 of 12. We should go to...
-The power's out?

-It seems so.
There is no light at the Tomizawa house either.
There must be lightning.
What is it?
There's someone outside! Who is it?!
What's he doing?!
Yuzo, no!
Conan, come back!
Quiet!
Wait, Conan!
Wait, Conan!
(thinks) "Shit! I've lost her!"
(Girl's scream)
Tetsuji!
Tetsuji!
Tetsuji!
(Think) "And this?"
Hmm... Understood.
Last night, around 2/4 of 12,
you saw Yuzo Tomizawa kill his father.
(Yuzo) Yes, sir.
(Yuzo) What's wrong, Ayako?
What's all this commotion?
Yuzo, you!
Yuzo Tomizawa.
Yes.
Say, what happened?
Confess, you've murdered your father, haven't you?
My father?!
Don't talk nonsense!
Let me go!
I didn't murder my father!
(Boy) What's happened, Yuzo?
Tatsuji!
What's going on here?
Taichi, there's been a murder!
I'll use it as inspiration for my next novel.
(Thinking) "What? Triplets!"
You are under arrest as the main suspect of the murder!
Please wait, Inspector!
I saw the murderer.
However...
We only saw his eyes and nose
We thought it was Yuzo, but we didn't know it was triplets!
This means the killer could be any one of you.
I was in Okinawa last night on a business trip.
I arrived at Haneda airport this morning, 3 hours ago.
The last flight is at 8 pm.
I couldn't be here at the time of the crime.
-Go check it out.
-Yes, sir.
(Think) "There was a typhoon in Okinawa."
Hey, Inspector,
I don't know if this is an alibi, but...
(Answering machine) "There are two messages.
(Recording: Yuzo) "What time is it? It's ten past three.
"That's strange, the father was supposed to arrive at 3."
(Answering machine) "It's 3:10 p.m."
I called from the beach with my cell phone.
(Answering machine) "This is Taichi."
This is me.
"I'm so glad the Falcons won."
"In Kigure has played the pitcher."
He gave the ball to the batsman, who hit a good home run.
"Goodbye, see you tomorrow." (Biiiiiiip!)
"It's 11:34."
(Inspctor) It's 34 minutes past 11.
It is the time of the crime.
Are you sure that the crime was committed at this time?
Yes.
I had looked at the clock a moment before I saw the murderer.
My older brother can't be the murderer.
The game was over with 5 minutes left in 2/4 of 12.
I wouldn't have known the score if I hadn't looked at it.
Confirm what programs were on TV and radio.
-If neither you nor I have done it... The culprit is Yuzo.
That's a lie!
No, I didn't murder anyone!
Then give me an alibi.
I spent the night in the workshop.
A colleague woke me up shortly after 2/4 of 12 o'clock at night.
Someone woke you up?
I was taking a nap, because I had to work all night.
You'll have to confirm that.
Inspector Yokomizo!
(Quietly) I have the passenger list.
What's the matter?
There's my name, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
It doesn't link the flight arrival time.
It only arrived 30 minutes ago.
The plane you say just arrived at Haneda.
This is absurd.
They must have delayed the flight because of the typhoon.
They said so on TV.
Yes.
Now you'd have to explain where you were last night, Mr. Tatsuji.
Well, in Tokyo.
That's right!
I went to Tokyo yesterday, at Hiromi's house.
Hiromi?
She is my girlfriend.
I didn't want the father to know
that I had left work to go see,
so I sold the ticket to someone else.
-Can anyone confirm it?
Only Hiromi!
Besides, I told him the result of the match!
And at 2/4 of e12 they still didn't say it, on the news!
I changed the channel and then I knew the result.
It's true what you say.
It wasn't until 12 o'clock at night that they said the result on TV.
You are an admirer of Kigure, you?
I guess so, because he praised on the phone.
He is the only one who can hit the ball to the right and hit a home run.
Did he hit it?
What does this mean, Taichi?
On the answering machine message he said he threw it.
You were watching the game?
It's true, I lied.
Did you kill your father?
Of course I didn't.

I only lied when I said that I watched the game.
I listened to it on the radio, while I was playing panchiko.
To relax a little.
I wanted to write but I was not inspired.
They only broadcast the match on the radio to Osaka, where I live.
That's right, only one radio station in Osaka broadcast it.
Besides, I left a message on the answering machine at the time of the crime.
Yes, that's true.
(Think) "Who is it, the one who's lying?"
"One of the three of them is lying."
"What intrigues me is that we took the watch off the victim."
"Why should they take it off?"
"Because he didn't know the time? Or because...?"
This video is not going well.
Yes... because the power went out, about 2/4 of 12.
"Yes. There was a blackout just before the murder."
"A blackout? That gives me a bad feeling."
"It's impossible, what he says! Besides, at that time..."
"So, the clock they took out could be that..."
"I get it! I'm sure of it!"
"The murderer has told two lies."
"The murderer is him!"
(Inspector) should accompany me to the police station.
(Inspector) What?
(Inspector) No, please.
-Are you kidding? Why do I have to come?
You have to come by force.
They saw the killer's face.
And the killer was identical to one of you, who are triplets.
One of you must be the murderer of your father.
You must come with me.
"I know who it is, the murderer."
"His alibi has neither head nor tail."
"I'll have to anesthetize Sonoko and make her play the role of a detective."
What are you doing, Conan?!
What are you doing with this watch?
What's wrong with it?
Conan is pointing a strange gun at you.
What?! It's a toy.
Dr. Agasa gave it to me.
You press the button and a little ball comes out.
You're a badass, Conan.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Ah!
Sonoko!
Hey, Sonoko!
(Sonoko voice) I know everything!
I know who the murderer is!
I've already figured it out, Ran.
In this mysterious case, there's no one with a perfect alibi.
But... it's obvious that there's someone who's lying through his teeth.
The murderer is in Taichi!
In Taichi?
What nonsense to say!
Ah, very interesting.
But I was in a panchiko parlor in Osaka.
Hey, pretty, I couldn't be here.
You played panchiko, 2/4 of 12?
I was.
Don't you know that there is a governmental law
that forbids these parlors to be open after 11 o'clock?
What's that?
Yes, the law prohibits
panchiko parlors to be open after 11 o'clock.
It also applies to Osaka.
Therefore, you are lying miserably.
I must be confused.
I must have been listening to the game on the radio when I took a cab.
You mean?
Sure, I was mistaken, and that's enough.
At the time of the crime I left a message on the answering machine.
How do you explain this, Inspector?
Like this.
You've made another mistake that you can't keep hiding.
What are you saying?!
You should know, if you were at the scene of the crime!
At 2/4 of 12 the power went out.
If the power goes out, the answering machine doesn't work!
Even if the clock is ticking because there is a battery,
you can't record messages.
How did you do, by enregistrà'l at 11 and 34?
Then, in Yuzo would also have lied.
He said he was called about 2/4 of 12.
You're a little deluded.
A blackout does not affect telephone communications.
-What's going on? -What's wrong? -It's true, what the girl says.
The phone works just as well without power.
Maybe someone tampered with the time to charge me for the dead.
It would be impossible to manipulate the time
and record the message to coincide with the time of the crime
if the other person didn't know when you were calling.
You're going to manipulate the time on the answering machine and you're going to record a message.
"I'm glad the Falcons won, Father."
Because it would look like you had recorded it at the time of the crime.
Then, all you had to do was change the time again
and wait for your father to come home,
which was next door,
The murder vessel when he got home.
But how could you know what time he would be back, the father?
You were listening to everything with a hidden microphone.
A bug?
Ha-ha!
I bugged your house?
Well, see if you can find it.
I didn't say you bugged it.
Something about the victim is missing.
The watch!
If the bug went to the clock,

I would have felt everything he was saying and the game.
After murdering him he took his watch off
so there would be no clue.
Yes.
He put the bug in his watch
and he spoiled the antenna of his house so that the victim came here.
Didn't cost, doing the set-up, being the victim's son.
Fantastic deduction.
I'd like to use it for the next novel.
But it would be a cheap novel.
Do you have any evidence that he manipulated the father's answering machine time?
The time on the answering machine is correct,
and Yuzo's message is at the correct time.
How dare you accuse me without proof?
Stop it!
That he manipulates the time and the message to confirm the alibi
are proof that your father's murderer is you, Taichi!
-Taichi... -It's not true, is it?
I'm sure it's not.
I had no motive to kill the father.
I'm sorry, but I'm not as good a brother as you think.
I wanted father's money so I could continue to be a novelist.
Taichi...
Things weren't going so well for me.
My work started to slow down and I was running out of money.
I'm going to send my father to help me.
I heard that the father had put pressure on the publishers
not to commission work from me.
He didn't want me to be a novelist.
He wanted me to work for him.
That's why you killed him.
Yes, I killed him when he came to meet Ayako.
I sent him a watch with a hidden microphone,
and I messed up the antenna at the summer house.
Yuzo, I was beginning to think it was lucky that t'inculpessin.
What a ?
So I would get a bigger share of the inheritance.
I did it so I could continue writing,
but I wrote a very bad argument.
I had not foreseen that there would be a blackout.
"Reality trumps fiction."
What an apt saying.
Maybe I wasn't talented enough to be a novelist.
(Kimi ga INAI Natsu)
TSURAI asa wa unzari suru he.
Tsumazuite mo tanoshiku ikite yuku yo.
Kuridasou oikakete Haruka na yume wo
Donna ni hanarete ite mo wakaru.
Azayaka sugiru kimi ga INAI natsu, ano koe ano shigoto ga horogate ku.
Kotoba naka dekinakute mo ii,
koboreta Hizashi ni kokoro ga nijinda.
Aaaaah... Mover modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru.
Aaaaah... Move modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru!
DETECTIVE CONAN
What's wrong with her, Sonoko?
She's in a daze.
A weight must have been lifted off her shoulders, knowing that in Yuzo is innocent.
(Thinks) "I hope she didn't notice that I stuck the needle in her arm."
Gee, I do pity.
What the hell?
You have solved the case.
I've solved it?
Look at this arm.
I have it very white.
I wanted to take advantage of these days to get tanned and flirt, and nothing!
Why don't we go to the tanning booths to get a tan?
What?! That can't be right.
We have to go to the police station.
What a pain in the ass!
This girl is hopeless.
What?
This is...
a distress signal!
Jump!
Go to the edge!
Quickly! (Thinks) "We can't swim away.
(Thinking) "We can't swim away."
"Shit! This is a maze."
"Where are we going? Where should we go?"
In the next chapter...
The Shipwreck Murder Case

