"A clock ticking, a shooting star..."
"Conan's talent will soothe frazzled hearts."
"Today's episode is the continuation of the previous one,
a fight of sharpness between the detective and his enemy."
"It's... Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
What ?!
In Cat 1412 is on board ?!
And he has impersonated my father?!
I found the evidence in the bathroom.
There were your father's clothes and things to disguise.
Oh, my God!
(thinks) "But knowing him, I don't think they'll find another clue."
Where did he go, Ran?
Since you were late getting back, he went looking for you.
But he's late.
Maybe Cat 1412 has kidnapped her!
It's not called 1412!
It's Kid Cat the Thief!
Don't make a mistake again, sir!
Yes, okay, understood.
This guy.
Who the hell is he?
It's Inspector Nakamori from the police.
He's in charge of the case of Kid Cat the thief.
Like you, he's another brave knight
who protects the black star.
But, there are more than 500 people here tonight.
And they're all wearing the legendary black star.
Apart from the real one, all the others are imitations.
I can't protect something I can't see.
You have to tell me which is the real pearl.
No matter how well made it is, an imitation is an imitation.
Look at it and you will reduce the range of possibilities.
There are different types of pearls.
Some are like me, without brightness and do not stand out.
Others are like the one you have, which shine too much.
Excuse me, but it would be impossible to look at all the pearls.
Don't worry, I'll give you a useful hint about the black star.
Sixty years ago, my grandfather was captivated
by the black shine of this pearl.
Therefore, the door the person to whom I pay the most attention.
(Think) "Who does it belong to?"
Of the 500 people, only one fits this description.
Let a jewel correspond to her.
It will be a woman.
Ah, but you also do a lot of joy, Mr.
Mouri!
Hello!
I thought it was you, Mr. Mouri!
Mouri!
You helped me a lot, that time.
Aren't you from the hatamoto group?
Yes!
Thanks to the Suzuki family, we were able to expand our business.
In fact, I've prepared tonight's menu.
I'm sorry, Yuji.
Mr.
Suzuki didn't come.
Dinner won't have done you any good.
You're still as bad-tempered as ever.
Come on...
You were at Miss Yotsui's birthday party.
Miss Yotsui's birthday party.
Takuya, why aren't you wearing the pearl?
I hate these childish games.
I don't like them.
But if you don't wear the door, everyone will suspect you.
I'll have to wear it.
What?!
The Ayako is not here?
He couldn't come.
Well, well... what a pity.
(Think) "It's a Suzuki group party,
full of daddy's boys, presidents..."
Where is he, Ran?
He's really late.
I'm sure he must be lost.
He has no sense of direction.
So what if I got lost, Sonoko?
Ran!
Gee, I didn't see you.
Good evening.
I'm Chaki from the Metropolitan Police.
Most of you may already know this,
but I have to let you know that the thief has come aboard.
Kid Cat is a master of the art of disguise!
He studies his target, and in copy the face, voice and personality.
He is very talented!
Believe me, it is possible that he was already among you!
In other circumstances, we would interrogate you one at a time,
but this time, we'll save you the trouble.
We will use passwords.
Pair up with the person next to you and choose a password.
Good idea!
That way you can't hide and the police will be able to detect...
if there is someone behaving in a suspicious way.
What password can we choose, Conan?
Eh?
I've got it.
When I say Holmes, you say Lupin.
I say Lupin, don't I, Conan?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Why don't you turn on the lights?
Well, it seems to me that he's made an appearance...
(thinks) "It's Kid Cat!"
-Passwords won't work.
-What does it say?!
Look!
I've already got hold of the black star!
This is impossible!

-Oysters! -Wow, what a heavy thief.
Bad children like you... should be eliminated.
Mother!
-Oh!
Help!
-My God!
It's death!
But what have you done, madam?
There's no need for you to suffer, Inspector Nakamori...
After all...
...he's still alive.
The watchmen caught him with the tablecloth..,
when he pretended to be struck down by the bullet from the fake gun.
Don't worry... he is a very good magician
I have hired to do this show.
It is said, Kazumi Sanada.
Please give me a round of applause
for playing the end of the Kid Cat thief so well.
(People) Bravo!
Excellent!
Very good!
Yes, Kid Cat is also a magician.
He has done a great interpretation.
Yes, both he and I are artists, and we make the spectators see visions.
(Think) "Artist..."
I won't allow a thief to wave his hand in my face.
Please come closer.
The show is about to begin.
(Think: Kid Cat) "A thief is an artist."
"He uses his imagination to show off when he wears clothes."
"Detectives just analyze the crime and report us."
(Think: Kid Cat) "This feeling..."
"It's him! He's here!"
I'll do a very simple card trick.
Just a moment!
I'm suspicious by nature.
Would you let me shuffle the cards, Mr. Sanada?
Go ahead.
Anyone else want to shuffle them?
"Who is it? Who is it, this Kid Cat?"
"Gee... everyone looks suspicious."
"I'd like to know..."
Wears the black pearl the person to whom I pay the most attention.
"What did you mean, Mrs. Suzuki?"
Ooooh!
I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it.
The magic won't be any less effective.
Eh?
What?
Excuse me, Kogoro, you have the guest list, right?
Yes, I do.
May I see it?
The list?
You have it.
Thank you, Kogoro.
-Here.
-Thank you, ladies.
As a reward, you can keep a letter.
Are you sure?
Just a moment, pretty lady!
First I'll read their thoughts and predict which card they'll take!
It's a matter of mental strength!
I'm excited!
I'm excited too!
(Think) "I've got it."
"I know why you wrote that second message."
"I get how you do it, Kid Cat. And I know where your target is!"
Colom is "hato" or heart, so it must be the ace of hearts.
Now choose the card you want.
Ran, on the right.
Take the one on the right!
"Just like Caesar, who was attracted to Cleopatra,
I am also on her side... Kid Cat the thief!"
(Exclamations of surprise)
Don't be alarmed and confirm your password!
Hey, Nakamori!
Don't tell me you've already stolen it!
He hasn't stolen anything yet and he hasn't run away yet.
She just wants to cause a ruckus to go unnoticed.
Don't worry, she'll get caught.
She's no sorcerer.
She has a few aces up her sleeve, but she's a human being.
Is this a message from Kid Cat?
Of course it is!
It was stuck to the back of the letter!
But how did he do it, to pick it up and bring it back into the fight?
He's very slippery.
What he does is a mystery.
The only thing we know is that he's already here and no one could stop him!
Please don't lose your cool!
Do you think he must already know who has the real pearl?
Be calm, we are on a ship in the open sea.
Do you think they would not find him and that he would flee, with so many police?
This ship is a fortress, dear detective.
The ship will dock in Tokyo in less than half an hour!
Understood.
Secure the entrances and exits of this room!
Let's go!
(Thinking) "Come on, the time has come to act!"
"Now that everyone is getting nervous, you can attack."
Ran, look, where is it, your black pearl?
What's that?
Gee, no.
Excuse me, could someone harvest this pearl, please?
-What's wrong? -What was that?
The pearl!
The pearl has exploded!
What if there is an explosive to all the pearls?
(screams)
-I can't take it anymore! -I'll take it off!
-Anem's-in here!
They will explode! (screams) -Run!
Run!
(Shouts and explosions)
Please don't lose your calm!
Do not be alarmed!
Mother! (screaming and shouting)
Are you all right, ma'am? Yes, thank you very much, Ran.
-You open this door! -No, no one comes out here!

Mother, look: your pearl has also disappeared.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Kid Cat has stolen the black star!
What did he say!
You were wearing the original pearl?
Inspector, inspector, inspector, I can't hold any more!
(Shouting and running)
They have left 30 or 40 people!
(shouting and running) Quick!
The Kid is one of them!
Catch help us!
Come on, Ran, let's go, let's go fast! Conan, wait a minute!
Now I know who the Kid Cat is!
What?!
"A message arrived at Sonoko's house
threatening to steal the black star."
"When I have deciphered the message,
I will wait for him on the floor of the Haido City Hotel."
"It came down in front of my eyes,
gently, without disturbing the stillness of the night."
"I have only one chance to inject him with anesthesia."
"I'll shoot him in the back when he turns around."
"But surprisingly, instead of running away,
he imitated the voice of many people and made the police come."
"Then, in front of our faces,
he vanished and left a message."
"Against the opinion of Inspector Nakamori,
the Suzuki group celebrates its 60th anniversary aboard a ship."
"The Tomoko, mother of the Sonoko,
seems to have crushed Kid Cat's plans."
"But in the midst of the chaos she causes, she steals the pearl."
(Think) "I've got you now, Kid Cat! I know who you are!"
In Kid Cat wasn't any of them?
No.
We have searched the guests who have left the room.
It must be somewhere on the ship!
We will interrogate all 500 people, if necessary, understood?!
(All) Agreed!
How did he know, this thief?
How did he know that she was carrying it, the real pearl?
Wait, Conan, this is the engine room.
You mean Kid Cat is here?
Hey, Ran, do you know the language of gems?
The language of gems? Yes.
Pearl means moon and woman.
Of all the guests,
the only woman's name with the character moon is that of Tomoko Suzuki.
And she had it, the pearl!
And how did this help you to deduce the Kid's identity?
It was the letter you chose, Ran.
The Kid's message was stuck to the back, wasn't it?
The magician had the dove in his right hand.
He misled you, took the card and changed it.
That's why it doesn't matter who shuffles the cards.
The card you will pick up has already been prepared beforehand.
Thus, the message was already attached to the card.
Mr. Sanada, the magician, is in Kid Cat?
No.
I've been watching her and she hasn't approached Mrs. Suzuki.
Very well, then.
Who is it?
There's another person who could have switched the cards.
Surely this must be the person who threw the cards away.
This person must have taken out a letter
must have pasted the message and then hidden it.
Right, Ran?
(Adult voice) I mean... right, Kid Cat thief?
This is Chopper 1!
We don't see anyone who wants to jump off the boat!
(Radio) This is Chopper 2!
No suspects on deck!
(Radio) This is boat.
We do not detect anything.
Do not retreat, patrol!
(Radio) Over!
Have all officers divide into groups
and search the decks!
Don't let your guard down so they'll see a face that rings a bell!
Am I not right, Kid Cat?
You replaced Ran when he came out to see if he could find me.
You're very good.
I didn't suspect it at any time.
After disguising yourself as Ran,
you used the message to scare the guests.
then you scattered the pearls to provoke fear.
Then, taking advantage of the fact that you were unnoticed in the middle of the crowd, you stole the real pearl,
you stole the real black pearl,
while pretending to help Mrs. Suzuki get up.
Suzuki to get up.
Mother, look: your pearl is gone too.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Kid Cat stole the black star!
That's why you threw those firecrackers, isn't it, Kid Cat?
You already knew that Mrs. Suzuki had had imitation pearls made.
Come on, come on.
You're kidding, right, Conan?
I didn't know what the real pearl was.
That's a lie!
You knew what it was!
You knew when you saw
that Mrs.
Suzuki put on gloves to take the pearl out of the box.
The pearls have calcium carbonate, and the acid damages them.
If you touch them with your fingers, the acidity makes them lose luster.
Evidently, there were other people who knew this,

because you don't entrust such a valuable gem to a stranger.
This proves nothing.
You are right, this is not conclusive proof.
But if you have judged the lack of luster of his pearl,
your suspicions will have been confirmed.
After years of being exposed in a museum,
a pearl must lose its luster by force, right?
The luster of a pearl does not last 100 years.
If it was bought 60 years ago,
the black star cannot have the same brightness as then.
But even though it shone so little,
you saw that Mrs. Suzuki was holding it carefully.
Mmm.
A touching story.
I was so worried about you, I didn't fall for the moment.
But the black star in the museum was very bright, or don't you remember?
That's why you didn't steal it.
Because you knew it was a fake.
Then you sent the second defiant note to Mrs. Suzuki,
challenging you to wear the genuine pearl
using the word "genuine" in your message.
If you see it so clearly, take it and call the police.
This time I'm not going to fall into the trap you set for me on the rooftop!
You are going to call the police to make a fool of me!
You made us believe you were going to use the glider to escape.
But you're going to throw the light bomb to cover yourself,
you're going to disguise yourself as a cop and you're going to run away in their midst.
Relax, I'll be polite and I won't make everyone come here.
I will show my respect for the robbery artist
who single-handedly put this whole setup together.
We will talk face to face.
Most artists become famous after they die.
Well, I'll immortalize you, Kid Cat,
by sending you to a grave called prison.
(Kid Cat voice) I give up, you've won.
Tell Mrs. Suzuki I'm sorry
Suzuki that I'm sorry for spoiling her party.
I'm sorry, it's too late!
Ah, that's right!
The girl who left me the suit is sleeping in a lifeboat.
Hurry up or it will get cold.
She thinks I'm a perfectionist.
Another light bomb!
Shit!
You bastard!
I won't let you run away!
What a bad move!
I'll get you for this!
Hey, there's a girl sleeping here.
What's she doing here, this girl?
Let's go below-deck.
Hey, leave her alone!
Leave her alone!
No, don't take her out!
Don't take her off!
"This red dress you gave me looks great on you."
"Sometimes, I'm the Kid Cat thief of the dry cleaners."
Coward.
"Later, we found the glider."
"We think the Kid Cat thief fled discreetly,
because they searched the boat and found him nowhere."
(Kimi ga INAI Natsu)
TSURAI asa wa unzari suru él.
Tsumazuite mo tanoshiku ikite yuku yo.
Kuridasou oikakete Haruka na yume wo
Donna ni hanarete ite mo wakaru.
Azayaka sugiru kimi ga INAI natsu, ano koe ano shigoto ga horogate ku.
Kotoba naka dekinakute mo ii,
koboreta Hizashi ni kokoro ga nijinda.
Aaaaah... Mover modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru.
Aaaaah... Move modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Sonoko) Wow, look!
"The hero of the elementary school! A boy saves the black star alone!"
Conan, you are a great hero!
And now, it was a fluke!
How lucky you are.
You saw in Kid Cat!
(Think) "Can you count..."
What face did he make?
Di.
Ran?
What's that?
What did you say? What was he like, Kid Cat?
I don't know... Can't you see I fell asleep?
I saw it for a second.
Eh?
And was he very big?
Well, I think he was quite young.
He must have been 20 years old or less.
Aaaaaaaaaaatxim!
(Girl) Do not entrust me the cold!
As you are going to fall into the sea, when we went to see the Queen Elisabeth?
Come on, shut up, woman.
(Think) "It was because of that little boy."
"I had to swim back."
Hey, look at that boy!
Doesn't he look a lot like... Shinichi?
No way.
That's what you saw in Shibuya.
What a break, guys!
Now I get it!

