"A spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"Today's episode is very special."
"A battle of wits between the detective and his enemy."
"His brain of an adult and it's...Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"I am Shinichi Kudo."
"I was a high school student and a private detective."
"With Ran Mouri, we went to an amusement park."
"There, some men dressed in black were making a suspicious transaction."
"I was so concentrated spying that I didn't see a watchman."
"They stunned me and made me take a poison."
"And I had shrunk."
"If those men know that Shinichi is alive,
the people around me will be in danger."
"When the Ran asked me my name..."
Conan Edogawa.
"To locate the men in black, I moved to Ran's house,
because his father is a private detective."
In Conan vs. Kid Cat the thief
Eh?
The thief Cat 1412 ?!
He's a very famous thief.
The girls are crazy about him.
A famous thief?
You're a detective's daughter and you didn't know that?
That doesn't mean I like his work!
Oh, boy.
Come on, listen to me.
You want my father to catch the thief, don't you?
In Beika's museum they have an exhibition of the world's most famous jewelry.
My father has a family heirloom on display.
It's a pearl that brings us luck, the Black Star.
I want your father to protect it because in Cat 1412 he did not steal it!
But you don't need my father, Sonoko.
The police will take care of it.
You don't understand anything.
If the police catch him, they'll take him to jail.
But if he catches your father, he'll let me see his face.
The face?
Aren't you curious to know what he looks like?
In Cat 1412 he's a legend!
I'm sure he's dashing.
Just like Harrison Ford, or Tom Cruise.
You're so naive, Sonoko...
Look, Sonoko, verd.
Ah, okay.
It wouldn't be bad if it was like Brad Pitt.
Shinichi!
Watch out!
It's red!
I've seen Shinichi!
What?!
It was him.
It was Shinichi!
It must have looked like him.
What?!
You've found Shinichi in Shibuya?!
You must be joking.
It's true, I swear!
And he had the nerve to pretend he didn't see me!
(Think) "Don't talk nonsense. I've never been to Shibuya."
He must not like you anymore, daughter.
Forget about him.
He's a mystery freak.
You're right.
Besides, he was with a girl.
It wasn't him!
It would be another guy!
What's the matter with you?
Let's let him run, Ran!
Is it true, what you were telling me?
You want me to catch that famous thief, in Cat ,?
It says Cat 1412!
And what the hell does it mean, 1412?
In fact, it looks like no one knows.
He's a famous thief who has stolen works of art and jewels all over the world.
He is a legend.
And some police christened him with this coded number: 1,412.
Someone discovered it and it became his name.
(He thinks) "I don't believe it."
But it looks like it has another name, in Japan.
Surely it must sound the same, Ran.
"Ikareta shi y fu" or similar.
Because "dorobo" means exactly thief.
Ah, no, I don't think that's it, you're wrong.
(Thinks) "This is ridiculous. I'm not interested in them, the thieves."
I'm going to sleep.
Ah, that's right.
I have a copy of a strange message
that you sent on Cat 1412 in ca la Sonoko.
A strange message?
I didn't understand what it means.
It's like an encrypted message.
"April 1.
"When the moon separates them, under the name of the black star,
I will appear when the waves call me."
And sign Cat!
The rest is torn.
It is that Sonoko's father has torn her,
and she had to glue it.
Gee, gee, that's a very strange message.
I only understand the 1st of April.
I guess it will be presented on April 1.
Hey.
I thought you were going to sleep.
Ara.
Come on, Conan.
Well, it looks like every police officer in Tokyo is here.
He's wanted by the police all over the world, this thief.
(thinks) "I couldn't decipher the message."
Detective Mouri!
I'm glad you could make it.

Thank you for listening to my daughter.
Having a detective like you is like having 100 men.
Don't worry about it.
He's a simple thief!
I'll have no trouble catching him.
You'll see, Mr. Shiro!
(Thinking) "Stubborn. He couldn't even decipher the message."
Wow!
So this is it, the black star !
the biggest black pearl in the world.
Since my grandfather bought this pearl,
our family has been prospering.
It is the family's guardian angel.
One day to go.
How come there are so many watchmen?
The only clear thing in that message was the date,
and they want to guard the museum starting tonight.
After all, we don't know how or when he will appear.
(Man) What did he say?
I just told you!
The river!
I want more men to guard the river!
Surely, in Cat 1412 he wants to enter the museum by the river Teima!
Is it quite clear?!
Have you already deciphered the message?
Yes!
The phrase that says: "When the waves call me" means that you want to follow the current of the river.
means that he wants to follow the current of the Teima River.
It is the only watercourse near here.
Hey, you are in Mouri, you had worked in research.
I'm sorry, you're wrong, inspector.
When you say "waves" you mean the sea!
The sea corresponds to "oki" and star means star.
He's referring to a concert tomorrow at the Beika pavilion.
The great Yoko Okino will be performing!
At the end of the recital, Yoko always sings the same song,
"Lady of the Moon", a beautiful song.
"When the moon do you part"
(She means that in Cat 1412 she will come tomorrow at 9 o'clock, in the pavilion).
(Think) "What an ass."
Yes, there's a logic to it!
A brilliant deduction, detective Mouri!
Oh, my lord...
Have units C, D and E guard the area around Beika's pavilion!
(Think) "I haven't deciphered the message either, I can't criticize them."
Where is he, the one they transferred to our department last month?
Ah, the inspector, he has taken his men with him.
At a time like this ?!
By the way, Inspector Chaki, it's already two o'clock.
We are hungry.
Ran, have you eaten? We stopped to eat on the way.
(Thinking) "Eh? Wait a minute, maybe..."
Hey, Conan, where are you going now?
What are you doing, Conan?
I use the watch to check the orientation!
Orientation?
Yes, first you point the small hand towards the sun.
The direction indicated by the line
between the small hand and 12 o'clock is south.
Shinichi taught me this.
I'm just checking, Ran.
(Thinking) "South is at one o'clock,
so southwest is between 11 o'clock and 12 o'clock."
"I've got it. Now I've got it in Cat 1,412!"
"How nice... He's fallen asleep."
(Phone)
Yes, say.
Ah, Shinichi!
What?
What?
You want me to look into Cat 1412?
(Adult voice) Please, it should be in my father's files.
Why do you need it, this information?
I'm meeting him soon, and I want to know what he's like.
(Adult voice) What do you mean?
That you know where he is?
Yes, I think I know what route he will take.
Then tell the police.
I'd like to see him alone, for the moment.
I'd like to see the face of the thief
who's still sending encrypted messages.
(Thinking) "When the moon doth part them",
it refers to the satellite in space and the moon."
"And if it means the moon passing between the satellite and the sun
will appear between 2/4 of one and 2/4 of 5,
when the transmissions from the black star are interrupted."
"Right, the black star. The initials... B and S!"
"And if" when the waves call me "means the electronic waves,
it will come from where the black star sends the transmission waves."
"The transmission waves move 45 degrees from south to west.
"Looking at it from the Beika museum,
the only place that meets these requirements is...
the roof of the Haido City Hotel!"
Inspector!
Look!
It's a child!
There was a strange child, in the hotel.
What should I do?
Leave him alone.
Our target is that guy.
And I don't think he can disguise himself as a child.
(thinks) "The Beika museum is right here."

"Twenty-eight minutes past 12. All I have to do is wait for it."
(Mobile phone)
Is that you, Professor Agasa?
Yes, Shinichi.
I compared your father's files with the latest newspaper articles.
Cat 1412 is a real mystery.
Listen to this.
It first appeared in Paris 18 years ago.
After 10 years, he disappeared and was said to have died.
But now, he's back,
and it looks like this time he's basically performing in Japan.
If she started 18 years ago, she must be pretty big, now, right?
She's been christened many things, Heisei Rupan and night magician?
but there is one name that has become her nickname.
Her nickname?
She has made police all over the world look like little children.
A young writer took an interest in Cat 1412,
and, as a joke, he took the numbers 1412 and read them as K, E, D.
K, y, de?
Exactly.
The well-known Cat 1412, who is also called....
Kid Cat!
"It went down in front of my eyes....
very softly, without disturbing the stillness of the night,
with a smile full of confidence, as if nothing escaped him."
(Agasa) Shinichi, what's wrong with you?
Hey!
"A silk cloak and hat. He moves very confidently."
"I can't see his face well because he's wearing the monocle and it's backlit,
but he's incredibly young."
"30... 20... no, even younger."
Hello, little one.
Good evening.
What are you doing on this rooftop?
I'm shooting rockets.
Have you seen a strange lamp and heard a noise?
Yes.
I'm now located in the southwest of the museum,
above the Haido Hotel.
Shall I investigate, Inspector Chaki?
Of course!
Look, a helicopter!
I think they see us, sir!
You're not just an ordinary kid, are you?
(Adult voice) I'm Conan Edogawa, detective.
Oooooooh!
I forgot, Kid Cat,
you'd better run away before the helicopter arrives.
(Thinking) "I only have one chance to inject him with anesthesia."
"I'll shoot him in the back when he turns around."
"Huh? A transmitter?"
(Chaki voice) On all units, this is Chaki!
We have spotted Kid Cat on the rooftop of the Haido City Hotel.
(Radio) "Attention!"
"A warning to all Beika cars and helicopters:
proceed to the hotel and stop at Kid Cat!"
What is it?
This is my voice!
Everybody freeze!
It's an imposter!
(Radio: Chaki) Choppers and cars, come back!
(Radio) "This is Chopper 1. I see our man!"
What do you say?!
Looks like he's sending orders.
(Nakamori's voice) I'm at Nakamori!
To all the men inside the hotel!
The Kid's on the roof!
Pugin upstairs and don't let him escape!
(Think) "This guy is good! He imitates voices without any apparatus!"
The inspector is talking to us on the transmitter.
Speak in Kid!
Use my voice so we go!
This is ridiculous!
What an in-door head?
(thinks) "What do you plan to do?"
What?
Are you satisfied, Mr. Detective?
Quiet!
Don't move!
Why, Inspector Nakamori.
You sure got here in a hurry.
You won't fool me!
You knew I'd decipher the message and be waiting for you here.
I figured they'd jump from up here,
and that's why I put so many men.
But I didn't imagine you'd come through the Tokyo tower all the way here.
You've surprised me, this time.
Forget about the pearl.
You can't run away from here!
You're wrong.
I just wanted to test you.
I didn't want to steal anything.
What?!
Didn't you read the beginning of the message?
It said April 1st, it's April Fool's Day!
Don't let them run away!
Take it!
A light bomb!
Hey, man.
Didn't you know?
A thief is an artist.
He uses his imagination to show off when he steals his trophy.
Detectives only analyze the crime and report us.
They're just critics.
He has fled! He's gone!
-How can that be? -He's disappeared!
Helicopter 1!
Locate it on radar!
It's gone, Inspector.
The radar only shows our helicopters.
Oh, my God.
He's run away again.
(Thinking) "A human being can't disappear that fast."
What is this?
"On the 19th of April,

Queen Elisabeth sails from the port of Yokohama."
"I'll go aboard and steal the real Black Star. Kid Cat."
Postpone the trip, Inspector Chaki.
There are not enough security measures!
We can't let any guests near that jewel!
Don't worry, Nakamori.
All guests are very important and distinguished people.
We must treat them politely.
Besides, if we cancel the trip out of fear, we'll make fools of ourselves.
We'll ruin the reputation of the police.
It's only a 3-hour trip from Yokohama to Tokyo!
It will be like a floating prison.
If it is on board, you will be trapped.
This year we celebrate the sixtieth anniversary of the Suzuki Group.
And I owe my success to the support you all have given me.
Let's forget about that wretched thief for one night.
We have more than 500 honorable guests on board.
I wish you a wonderful time.
Before we begin...
I want to tell you that I have prepared a stratagem for tonight.
When you came aboard, you were given a little box.
Open it-now, please.
It is a challenge I make to that foolish thief.
Oh, it's the pearl!
This pearl is the symbol of our family,
and it's also Kid Cat's target.
Obviously, there is only one that is authentic.
And I am the only one who knows who has it.
The others are perfect imitations.
Now, please, do me a favor and hang it up.
We'll teach that thief a lesson.
Let him try to steal it now.
He'll have a bit of a hard time,
because he'll have to find out which one is the real one
in the 3 hours that the trip lasts.
How clever, your mother!
What's wrong, Sonoko?
I don't see my sister.
I hope she didn't stay at home.
Don't talk nonsense.
Gee, no.
Has she sailed?
What's happened?
What time do you think it is!
The police is called
and said that the ship's departure was delayed two hours, right, father?
The father is here with you?
Hey, do you know where Mr. Suzuki has gone?
Suzuki?
It seems to me that in the washroom.
(Thinking) "This means he planned the whole thing."
"He's disguised himself as Mr. Suzuki and come aboard."
"Thank you very much, Kid Cat."
"I'll unmask you at all costs."
"You've given me a chance, and I'll take it!"
(Melody from "Kimi ga INAI Natsu")
DETECTIVE CONAN

