"A turning clock, a shooting star, cold hearts..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today's case will tell of memories hidden behind bandages."
"His brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
#
DETECTIVE CONAN
"During the birthday of the president of the Nagato group,
they attacked on Mitsuaki, the Yasue's husband."
"At Hideomi, the eldest son,
appeared on the balcony bandaged and with a kitchen knife."
"When he burst into the room it was already too late."
"At Mitsuaki he was already nailed to the fence below."
"The day after this crime we found a will
along with Hideomi's corpse."
"Hay confessed his guilt."
The most intriguing part of this story is the will.
This means that in Hideomi died before Mitsuaki!
The mysterious murders of the famous family, part two.
No one came out the whole time?
No, I am absolutely sure.
Everyone was indoors until sundown.
Your father gave us very strict orders.
That's why I remember.
We only left the front door for about two minutes,
to go to the place where the corpse was.
They were to attack Mr. Hideomi on the other side.
The only one who came out was Mr. Mitsuaki, the deceased.
-In Mitsuaki?
When? -I think it's half past 1:10. -He said he was looking for Mr. Hideomi.
He said he was looking for Mr. Hideomi.
He was looking everywhere.
For the bushes, by the lake...
(Man) If we noticed strange Mr. Hideomi?
Anything you remember.
If he looked worried...
He wasn't a very talkative man.
Ah, the food!
The day before he was murdered, he ate much more than usual.
He even ate dessert, which had not been made for him.
He didn't eat much.
I know.
Mr. Hideomi never took off the bandage he was wearing?
No, Yasue, the younger sister, changed it every 3 days.
She must have changed him two days before the events.
But something is strange to me!
I've been missing a sheet for 3 days!
Hey, Shinichi!
Come here for a moment!
Follow me.
Look under the balcony of Mitsuaki and Yasue's room!
(Thinking) "It looks like something's bitten."
"It's the balcony from where they made Mitsuaki fall."
Hey!
We have the same marks here!
But there are marks everywhere!
Whose room is this?
(Adult voice) Nobuko's.
How suspicious.
Let's take a look.
Shinichi, breaking in like this doesn't make us much different from burglars.
(adult voice) Take it easy.
Easy, easy...
(Phone)
The phone!
What do we do now?
Do we take it?
(Riiiing!)
(Nobuko's voice) Hello?
This is Nobuko.
(Think) What cold-blooded.
Can I do anything for you?
(Man) Two days ago you left a message on the answering machine at home.
Already two days ago?
Have you forgotten?
It was around 10 o'clock,
you called me countless times for half an hour.
Wow!
Really?
Well, it's okay, if you don't remember.
Goodbye.
Just about the time the crime was committed, right?
Yes.
At least, we know that the bandage we saw was not the Nobuko.
Well, the only thing it could be there was Hideomi!
Let's go inspect Hideomi's room.
Books and more books!
You can tell the guy was a novelist.
(Think) "Well, you're messing it up!"
Oh!
An answering machine!
There are some messages! Are you serious?
Let's listen to them!
"Hello! This is Yamada, from the Bungei Jidai."
"Come tomorrow at one o'clock at the usual place, to talk about the manuscript."
"Biiiiiiiip!"
(Answering machine: female voice) "October 31. Twenty minutes past one."
October 31?
It was the day before the murder.
"I'm at Yamada! I'm at the usual coffee shop."
(Answering machine) "November 1. It's 40 minutes past 3."
"Biiiip!"
"This is Yamada! I've been waiting for you for more than 6 hours."
"I'm coming home."
You mean in Hideomi it would be...?
Don't be an ass.

After all, the time of death is...
There is a perfect system!
And the only thing that could carry out was that person!
Therefore, it must be somewhere.
If deductions are correct, it will be around here.
I got it!
The dirty sheet of mud!
And a swimming cap.
I also found what I was looking for.
Wow!
So you were here, Heiji!
Au, put the fountain pen back in the Miyuki at once, please.
Sorry, I forgot.
Come on, let's go.
It's already dark.
What time is it?
What time is it?
Ah... Three quarters and 5 of 7.
The stores are still open!
Ran, can you go buy all this for me?
Who uses the room above Nobuko's room?
These days, I...
Tell everyone to meet in that room here for an hour!
I'll take care of Conan! Wait!
Don't forget to call Kogoro!
And why do you want it?
(Heiji) I've already slept in Kogoro with the anesthetic dart.
And the Ran has taken me what I need to make deductions.
But we've forgotten something really important.
The evidence, we have no evidence!
It hasn't even crossed our minds.
Hey, what time is it?
Two quarters and ten of 8!
They'll be here in 10 minutes.
I thought you were the great detective of the East.
What are you, an idiot?
Speak for yourself!
Wait! How did that person...?
That's right.
That's right, that was it!
We'll start in 10 minutes, as planned.
Eh ?!
What's up?
Hey, Heiji...
Tell me something.
Have you ever killed a person?
I'm home, Hattori!
What did you want?
Where is it, Hattori?
(Kogoro voice) I've gathered them here.
Did you do it? What do you want to tell us?
I've found out everything.
I know who killed in Mitsuaki
and who dunked Hideomi in the pond!
Come on!
Mr. Hideomi murdered Mr. Mitsuaki!
And then, he committed suicide.
Forensic analysis has shown that the will was his!
(Phone)
The... phone?
(Riiiing!)
Come on, Inspector, take it, please!
(Riiiing!)
If you pick it up, you'll relive what happened that night.
(Riiiing!)
The tragic night when Mitsuaki fell into the fence.
(Riiiing!)
(Riiiing!)
(Heiji) Who is it?
(Heiji) It's me! Ah, it's you, Hattori.
What do you think you're doing, you cretin?! What's going on?!
They've turned off the lights and attacked me with a knife!
Where are you?! In the room downstairs!
What the...?!
What's going on I don't know.
But I have to go downstairs.
Wait a minute!
That's how the killer made everyone leave the room.
And he did it to hide the chilling facts that happened afterwards.
But...
Who are you?
Well, it's me!
Hattori?
The screams of anguish over the phone,
and the idea of being seen bandaged and with the knife,
were part of a set-up by en Mitsuaki
to pin the crime on Hideomi.
It is absurd!
The killer's body had been splattered with blood from en Mitsuaki.
And we have the wounds.
Those wounds were intentionally inflicted on Mitsuaki.
He splashed blood on his bandaged face with a syringe.
And to avoid getting blood in his hair,
he put on a swimming cap.
The syringe and cap were in Mitsuaki's room.
But he was murdered!
Why should he act like that?
Because he surely wanted to assassinate President Nagato.
The president?
Yes, his accomplice had put him to sleep with a sleeping pill.
An accomplice?
That's right.
Surely, in Mitsuaki he planned to assassinate the president
while his accomplice drove everyone down to the room below.
But instead, his accomplice murdered him.
So, the only person who stayed with the chairman
is you, Miyuki Hyuga!
You killed him!
Miyuki, it can't be...
Mitsuaki must have been shocked.
I didn't expect to find you on the balcony of the president's room...
or being pushed into the fence!
But then, in Mitsuaki she would have fallen with the knife she was carrying.
It is likely that she threw the knife and the cap away before going up.
She must have wanted to strangle the president with the string she was carrying.

And evidently, the Miyuki's only target was on Mitsuaki.
But he had no idea that he would be the victim of the murder.
And the rope with that hook? Well, it's very simple.
All you have to do is pick up the rope he used
and hold it by the end opposite to the one with the hook.
It sticks to the railing of the balcony below and when you leave it....
the counterweight strikes a blow under the balcony and stops on its own.
Proof of this are the marks left by the counterweight under the balcony of the
under the balcony of Mitsuaki and the president.
We also found it under the balcony of Nobuko's room.
Miyuki was supposed to check everything the day before.
The day before?
Mr. President heard the noises she was making.
The president?
Yes.
He also felt someone running down the corridor.
Those slides were made by Miyuki,
who was trying to figure out how long it would take to get to the warehouse
from Mitsuaki's room to the warehouse.
It was a premeditated murder.
Miyuki was preparing to commit murder the day before.
Then she also murdered Hideomi?
And the will?
It is clear that in Mitsuaki was her only target.
How?
In Hideomi she wrote the will the day before the suicide.
The day before?
Surely, the Miyuki discovered her body in the room
and came up with the murder plan.
But listen, Mouri,
the coroner has determined that the time of death was...
It was underground.
She buried the body without it coming in contact with air,
so that it would degrade slowly.
The Miyuki was to call in Mitsuaki,
they covered the body with a sheet
and buried it secretly near the pond.
As there were already a few holes by the trees,
no one would notice another one.
When did they sink the body in the pond?
He did it in Mitsuaki.
He dug it up, and sunk it in the pond.
Under the pretext that he was looking for Hideomi.
But on the day of the crime, Hideomi was at home.
No.
He saw Miyuki or else at Mitsuaki disguised as Hideomi.
Listen to the answering machine in his room and you will understand.
In Hideomi he was already dead the day before the crime!
But how do you understand that in Mitsuaki he followed the Miyuki's plan?
She was to convince him and told him:
"I know how to take away the presidency
and put all the blame on Hideomi".
It is not true!
In Hideomi saved the Miyuki's life!
He wouldn't put the blame on someone who saved her!
You have no proof!
What time is it, Miss Miyuki?
But... what are you coming up with, Father?
What was it, your watch?
It's just that today... I left it behind, sir.
You didn't give way.
You can't put it on!
So the strap of your watch broke then.
When he pushed off the balcony at Mitsuaki,
he grabbed the strap of his watch!
If he had taken it off his wrist, it would have appeared at the scene of the crime.
He grabbed something he was wearing and stuck it in Mitsuaki's hand.
Something?
The fountain pen?!
That's right.
He pulled out the cap with his mouth and stuck it in.
It was the fountain pen he had kept as a souvenir of his father!
But how could he find out?
I opened it before, the fountain pen.
When I had to take some notes.
The nib was blunt.
Even if it had been bent by the fire, it would not have been so deformed.
Why did Miyuki want to kill him?
Probably the cause was that fire.
If we are not mistaken, two men set the fire 20 years ago.
In Hideomi and in Mitsuaki.
How... how do you say?!
In Hideomi he didn't want to have cosmetic surgery on his face
because he wanted to pay for what he had done.
The will explained the crime they committed years ago.
Everything fits, inspector.
So we must understand that he wanted to avenge the death of his parents.
But there's something I don't understand.
Why was she so angry, the Nobuko,
and showed where she was at Hideomi?
She did it deliberately, didn't she?
Even if she had done nothing, she knew they would find.
She didn't want to leave poor Hideomi in that cold water any longer.
Miyuki!
Don't come closer!
This thermos is full of gasoline!
Don't do anything foolish! Stay back!
Mi... Miyuki...
Everything was just as the detective said.
The will explained everything about the fire!

He could not forgive them!
He lived as if nothing had happened,
after committing that monstrosity.
And Hideomi's cold-bloodedness...
But I...
I fell madly in love!
From the moment he risked his life to save me!
He had the courage to face the flames without knowing who he was.
And he was the man who accepted my marriage proposal.
But in Hideomi he is no more.
I am so lonely again!
I have to hurry and meet him.
Don't do it!
(Heiji) It's no use.
In thermos there's only normal water.
(Heiji) Why?
Why?! (Heiji)
Why?!
Why is that?
Why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why?
Why?!
Why can he set his fire and I can't set mine?!
Hey, Shinichi...
Maybe we should have let him die.
You idiot.
A detective who corners a murderer and lets him commit suicide
is just like the murderer.
Hey, you're hurting my ears.
Message received, perfect, perfect man.
No human being is perfect.
I'm alone too.
All alone.
I'm completely sure he will save the Miyuki.
He will?
Don't go on, Hyuga.
Don't think of such nonsense as following Hideomi with a suicide.
Sir...
Look, your mother wasn't this type.
What do you know?
I didn't know her, my mother!
Yes, I did.
The fountain pen you're carrying
is a gift I gave her when we went to elementary school
before she was transferred to another school.
Although you were convinced it was a souvenir from your father.
I'm not asking you to forgive Hideomi for the crime he committed,
but you are still young, you have your whole life in front of you.
Live life intensely for yourself and for Hideomi.
I'm sure your mother wishes it too.
(Kimi ga INAI Natsu)
TSURAI asa wa unzari suru él.
Tsumazuite mo tanoshiku ikite yuku yo.
Kuridasou oikakete Haruka na yume wo
Donna ni hanarete ite mo wakaru.
Azayaka sugiru kimi ga INAI natsu, ano koe ano shigoto ga horogate ku.
Kotoba naka dekinakute mo ii,
koboreta Hizashi ni kokoro ga nijinda.
Aaaaah... Mover modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru.
Aaaaah... Move modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Heiji) How?
The president's first love was the Miyuki's mother?
Yes.
That's why he lied to cover the Miyuki's shoulders.
Of course.
I understood that Miyuki was always close to him
because of the debt he owed Hideomi.
The president wanted to see his first love
and the Miyuki was like his mother.
Shinichi, don't tell me you knew it from the beginning.
You called her Shinichi again!
What Shinichi, someone I know?
From it, it turns out...
'Shinichi'.
I said 'Shinichi'.
As this lead asked me for details of the case,
I called him Shinichi, as a fellow who was a pain in the ass.
Good job, Osaka boy.
I'm the best, doing comedy.
When Mr. Maejima was about to attack the robber,
the cell phone in his pocket suddenly rang?
(He thinks) "They're wrong!"
"There's a trick in the works!"
In the next chapter...
The murder of the bank robbery

