"The handle of a turning clock, a shooting star,
the frazzled heart of modern society."
"Today's case is about looking for clues."
"Not overlooking the important points."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
#
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The murder of the vagabond artist"
A client gave me some tickets to thank me for solving the case.
But I don't understand.
I don't either, but I find them very nice.
Are you sure?
I think so too, Kogoro.
What are you doing, that man?
Don't come so close, sir!
Don't touch the works of art!
And smoking is not allowed in the room!
Excuse me, sir.
What a strange man.
(Genta) Come on!
Take the ball!
Why have you chosen baseball?
Couldn't we play soccer?
Conan, it's yours!
(Genta) Eh?
Where do you throw?
Are you all right?
I feel terrible!
You were the man yesterday, weren't you?
You were drawing?
This was what you were drawing now?
Why do you always draw the same one?
Because... The same one?
I don't know.
Hey, Conan.
What has taken wrong, this gentleman?
-Call an ambulance? -Oh, no!
What are you saying?
Who... who am I?
I do not remember my name.
I do not remember anything!
I don't remember anything!
-Do you have amnesia? -Because of me?
No, the ball touched your arm!
My head hurts!
Are you all right?
My head... My head hurts!
So you have amnesia.
Headaches cause them to gradually recover their memory.
-As I have frightened me. What a shock.
So, that man still doesn't know who he is or where he lives.
Poor thing.
We have already notified the police and they will soon have him identified.
Oh, I forgot to leave him the notebook.
I forgot to leave him the sketchbook!
-It's that man's, isn't it? -Let's go back inside, then?
Hurry up!
Go look at the emergency exit!
Is anything wrong, doctor? That patient has disappeared.
I guess he didn't go out the front door.
No, we didn't see him.
And his personal belongings?
Well, he changed his clothes and took all his personal belongings with him.
What if he has regained his memory?
But why should he suddenly disappear?
Where the hell did he go?
-Are you ready?
Let's go, let's go! Yes!
This scoundrel, always playing baseball!
Genta, it's yours!
Very good!
What a cane!
Let-let-me-me!
Are you okay, Genta?
This is...!
-It's the gentleman from yesterday! -It's the gentleman from yesterday! -The ball has stung him again! -No, they've strangled it with a rope or something!
No, they've strangled it with a rope or something!
Is it a murder?
Inspector, he was strangled to death.
He was murdered yesterday evening.
No personal belongings were found on him.
Conan!
What are you doing?
Don't ever meddle in Inspector Megre's work again!
It doesn't do any harm.
Conan and his friends have discovered the body.
God that yesterday the victim was right here...
(All) Yes, sir!
The killer took everything he had of value and murdered him.
A robbery? (All) Come on!
Mr. Inspector, I don't see the painting utensils.
Inspector, I don't see the painting utensils this gentleman had.
The painting utensils? Yes, the painting and the easel.
-And the paints. The backpack is also missing.
Wow, the victim was carrying all this? They must have stolen everything.
And a radish!
That was just a pile of junk!
No fool would steal it!
And the fact that the shoelace loop is made vertically,
means it wasn't made by the victim.
And that ginkgo leaf on the shoe is also strange.
There is no tree of this species in this area!
It must have been killed somewhere else and thrown off the bridge yesterday!
And furthermore, why should it disappear from the hospital?
I don't think this case is an ordinary robbery!
Being a robbery, the most important thing is to identify the victim.
Inspector, this is a case of...
Hey!
I don't care if you do it in my investigations,

but I will not tolerate you interfering with the inspector's!
Go and play!
I will examine the victim with you, inspector.
-Come on, let's start! -What should we do? -What should we do?
We are the Junior Detective League!
Hurray, we're fixed.
On the right side of the house there is a tower.
And on the left side, maybe a factory.
-I get it! -Look to find this house.
Very well!
Trust me!
It is not there! It's not here either!
I don't see it either!
How did you, you, Ayumi?
I've found it!
We've found it!
It's already!
"Hayase."
Hey, this car is a new model, isn't it?
If it's not even dirty, how come you want us to pull out the hair?
In the house, the same.
We have to clean all the things that anyone would touch.
It could be that they wanted to make the fingerprints disappear.
Hey, guys!
What are you doing?
Stay still!
It's dirty, though.
I'll have to redo the house on the inside.
(All) Hello.
Here you go.
I also have some great cookies!
I'll take them now.
(All) Huh?
The bow on your apron is in the upright position.
The sofa and the table are different.
And there is no TV either!
Madam: it's been a long time since you renovated this room?
Yes, why do you say so?
Where are the things that were there before?
I'm leaving.
Is that painting new?
Yes, it's a painting that arrived yesterday from the art gallery.
It's nice, isn't it?
Damn!
It'll be hard for me to prove anything.
He wanted to talk to me about something, didn't he?
-Yes, you tell him, Mitsuhiko. Tell him what?
Look at him, Conan!
What?
It's that man!
He's got that distinctive nose!
He wears glasses.
Who is he, that gentleman? My husband.
And when he died? Why?
He looks exactly like a man who was found murdered.
My husband died a year ago, they assured me.
You were assured?
Seven years for a disappearance?
Yes.
A person is presumed dead when they've been missing for 7 years.
If the person is in a case of manifest death,
he is presumed dead after one year.
A year ago, a man named Hayase, an executive of a major bank, was caught in an avalanche,
he was caught in an avalanche and has not been heard from since.
Exactly, that's him.
You have a very good memory, Father!
I don't belong to a family of good detectives for nothing.
Before he disappeared, there was a rumor that he had embezzled a lot of money.
In fact, he disappeared just before he gave his statement.
So the authorities thought the whole thing was a hoax.
And that the money had disappeared along with him.
In the end they closed the case with the disappearance.
Yes.
Has anyone communicated this to the inspector, all of it?
He's aware of it.
That lady has come to identify the body.
It looks like my husband, but it's not him.
Madam, did your husband have any relatives?
Father, mother, brothers or sisters?
No.
My husband has never been with his family members.
Any objections? No, none.
So, except for you, no one else can identify this body.
I suppose so.
Please don't smoke!
I beg your pardon.
Do you still have any drawings of Mr. Hayase?
Hayase? How?
If you have any of Mr. Hayase's personal belongings.
Hayase
we can compare fingerprints.
It's true that my husband liked to draw.
But one day he went to the mountain and an avalanche took his life.
And I got rid of his things.
All the stuff?
As a result of his embezzlement, I suffered unjustified accusations
by the people and the media.
I wanted to forget it.
We have no choice but to believe what Mrs. Kimie says.
Kimie says.
There is no doubt that the victim is Tatsuo Hayase!
But there must be something that can confirm it!
(All) Good morning!
The other day we missed something.
The cookies you offered us were great!
I would like to eat more!
Was that what you had forgotten?
-Yes! -Wait a moment.
There is no evidence of the victim's presence in the house?
What are you doing, Conan?
Something's burnt...
Ginkgo leaves.
They're piling up... if the window were open, they'd get into the room.
Wait a second!
A gingko!
A burn!

That the victim was not wearing glasses!
And the paint on the wall!
I have the proof that Mr.
Hayase went home!
Inspector Megre!
There is no doubt that the victim is Tatsuo Hayase!
I have found the proof that proves it!
What?
Really, Mouri?
Really, Inspector Megre?
Yes, come as fast as you can, Kogoro!
It gives me, you cops;
they can't do that.
Madam, the detective will explain everything in detail.
I thought you were going to explain it to us today... Ah!
Indeed, I'm not here to listen.
I'll unravel the web of events that have taken place in this crime.
A year ago, Mr.
Hayase went to the mountain and was swept away by an avalanche.
He saved his life, but he had lost his memory.
He became a wandering artist making drawings of his home,
a place he remembered unconsciously.
A year passed and they considered
"A disappearance by natural disaster"
and he was legally presumed dead.
Mrs. Hayase inherited all his possessions.
And it wouldn't be good news for you, if he came back.
What are you insinuating, Mouri?
The embezzlement money that remained unaccounted for,
was to be found among the assets she inherited.
For this reason, when Mr.
Hayase regained his memory
and returned home, you murdered him!
Mouri, where did you get that from?
My husband died in the mountains a year ago.
And you tell me you have proof that he was alive?
Okay, I don't have any, any proof.
So you got rid of all of Mr. Hayase's personal belongings.
Hayase.
You had hair and fingerprints removed.
You called a cleaning company to make everything as good as new.
I mean, you can't prove anything, can you?
No, except for a number of factors linking her to the victim.
There were ginkgo leaves on the victim's shoe,
but in the area where the body was found there were no ginkgos.
In the garden at home there is I have one, of ginkgo.
There are parts of Tokyo.
And the victim's shoelaces were linked vertically,
just as you wear tied the apron!
Oh! It's true!
After killing him,
he noticed that his shoelaces were untied.
She buckled them conscientiously to avoid arousing any suspicion.
You want to prove that I'm a murderer because I tie things vertically?
I will not allow this outrage!
I will take you to court, if necessary!
Pa... father.
Mouri, are you sure about what you're doing?
Do you have any proof?
All right, let's get down to business.
Ran!
Stand up straight in front of the painting!
In front of the painting? Yes!
Well, father? Yes, that's right.
Mrs. Hayase.
Hayase, can you confirm if your husband was a heavy smoker?
Yes, he was.
And you hate tobacco, don't you, ma'am?
Please don't smoke!
So what?
Mr.
Hayase, who had regained his memory, fled from the hospital.
He stood in front of this picture of the house.
He had a cigarette in his mouth.
Because you do not suffer from tobacco smoke, he opened the sliding door.
Then all the leaves from outside came in.
The leaves stuck to Mr. Hayase's feet.
But how did you know that Mr. Hayase smoked at that time?
Because the piece of furniture in front of the painting has a burn.
Since there was no ashtray, he put the cigarette out there.
I don't suppose you're going to tell me that the remains of the burn are evidence.
Another thing, your husband was short-sighted, wasn't he?
Yes, he was.
Ran, do the same thing you saw him do at the Beika Fine Arts Museum.
Eh?
So what he did...
I'm sure he came close...
(Kogoro) Stop!
(Kogoro) What do you mean?
I've got it!
It's the footprints, isn't it, Father?
Her fingerprints were left on the painting?
You said she had wiped off all the prints and all the hair.
Yes.
She hired a cleaning service for the job.
But Rumi a little, Inspector.
Professionals like them wouldn't make a work of art go to waste.
But if touching a painting and looking at it closely was a habit of Mr.
Hayase,
she must have known this vice.
No.
Because he picked up this habit after he became amnesic.
Before he suffered from amnesia, Mr.
Hayase wore glasses.

But he lost his glasses to the avalanche.
And he got into the habit of approaching things so that he could not see them well.
And even more, to see them better he took the vice of touching the pictures.
When Mr. Hayase returned home, and saw this painting,
Mrs. Hayase had to open the window to ventilate the room.
Surely she had her back to him, he would not notice.
Of course!
Ma'am, what are you doing, the victim's footprints
on a painting he bought two days ago?
Call the forensic police!
Have them check the prints!
No need for that.
I've lost it.
I've lost what!
It's true that he came.
Everything was just as the detective has deduced.
I murdered him.
You served him coffee with a sleeping pill and strangled him with a string.
Why did you throw the body there, if you knew they'd find it right away?
Because I didn't want to wait any longer!
They had recognized his death and I had made his fortune!
If they found out he was alive, whether he had amnesia or not, they would have investigated him!
And they could have taken the money!
People gave me dirty looks
because I was the wife of a man who embezzled money.
That money is mine!
With them I will be able to find time for myself.
You'll have all the time in the world for yourself... behind bars, Mrs.
Hayase.
DETECTIVE CONAN
I slept wonderfully!
You look extraordinary, Father!
You've solved the disappearance case!
Maybe you should be hired...
What?
Someone has disappeared?
This gives me a bad feeling.
Him!
Shinichi won't come back unless we look for him on our own!
I knew it.
No way!
If he comes back, my good name will be threatened!
He may still be in an unknown place to me!
Well, you're not as clumsy as you look.
Hey, Shiina, may I know where you are?
What are you doing in that car?
At least you could answer me.
-The Minami! -They took it!
Damn it.
She's been kidnapped before my very eyes.
In the next chapter: "The kidnapping of famous artists, part 1."

