"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today's case happens in a hospital and they accuse Kogoro."
"It's... Detective Conan!"
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The murder of the general hospital
What a bore! Father, you're a bore.
"It's been 3 weeks since Kogoro was admitted to the hospital."
"I was going to arrest a criminal, he fell and broke his leg."
"And I threw the offender to the ground."
I've been very busy these days.
Let me breathe, father.
I'll bring you lunch.
Oh, it's finally time to eat!
From what I see, detectives are always hungry.
Ah... now I'd eat sashimi with beer.
This face wouldn't make a properly famous detective!
All the nurses want to see you in person.
We always talk about you.
Come on!
A bunch of angels dressed in white talk about me?
And I've been dying to talk to you.
I wanted to ask you so many questions.
You, Dr. Shirai?
You'll make me turn red.
What do you have to ask him?
Careful.
Lest he be used as a guinea pig.
More respect!
Ow, man!
Don't look at me like that.
The day I get killed the culprit will be Shirai.
Who was it, this one?
He's a surgeon like me.
We went to college together.
He has a viper tongue, but as a surgeon he's a genius.
(Thinking) "Never mind, he's a hateful guy."
Wow, it's started to rain.
Conan, are we going home?
Mr. Mouri, you can't drink alcohol,
but you can have a weak coffee.
Will you tell me about your adventures?
Of course I will!
If you want me to tell you about my most famous case, this is the occasion.
There was no evidence left to incriminate the murderer,
it looked like a perfect murder.
(Thinking) "Wow! What a sugar rush!"
Where is he, Dr. Shirai?
Apa!
Is it getting so late already?
A murder!
Call the police!
It's a murder!
Hurry up!
Yes!
Right away!
Wait, Mr. Mouri!
(Nurse) Empty room!
I'm sure he was here.
(Man) That the body is missing?
That's the only thing I can think of.
But I'm sure that...
(Nurse) This is ridiculous!
Why do you question it?
Voice that nothing has happened, here?
Let's leave it here before we start bothering you.
What has happened?
Doctor, I've seen it with my eyes!
It could be exhaustion.
He looked tired.
I didn't notice when he came out of my room, but...
So, it's clear that you weren't on your feet, detective.
What a desire to make a fuss over nothing.
Well, we'll be on our way.
Thank you for everything, officers.
"In Kogoro he witnessed that scene several times."
This time I have no doubt!
-Truqueu to the police! -A new one?
This is absurd.
Excuse me, excuse me.
What's the matter with you?
It's the fourth time you see him!
Ouch... I'm telling the truth.
I've seen it.
I've seen it.
Father...
He's a famous detective.
Being in contact with so many murder cases
must have caused him a high level of stress.
-Inside the hallucinations. -That was no hallucination!
Father, take it easy.
You have to be strong.
How could this happen to you?
(Thinking) "I'll go take a look."
"These spots are very fresh."
"Today is the second time it's rained
since Kogoro saw murder that night."
"They had left this window open that day."
"If we put it at this angle, we see Kogoro's room."
"There are no curtains. Is it out of order?"
"Got it!"
"If you turn on the lights in that one at night,
the darkness makes these panes act like a mirror."
"Depending on the angle at which the window is opened,
an image can be projected into a particular room."
"In Kogoro, I couldn't see where the events were happening."
"The lights in that room were reflected in the window of this one.

and it seemed to him that the murder had been committed here."
"It was a trick caused by a mirror effect."
warehouse
This is it!
"A dummy for first aid practice..."
(Adult voice) They were doing comedy with this dummy.
Is this a bad joke or are they doing it for some other reason?
I'll stay and keep you company today, Kogoro.
Wow, I think it's admirable that you do that.
Mr. Mouri, please take this.
It's raining very hard today...
Have a good night.
(Alarm clock ringing)
Kogoro!
Conan, you saw it, didn't you?
Yes, it's no hallucination.
I knew I was right.
(alarm clock ringing) Come on!
Kogoro's back on the charge!
(adult voice) Nobody!
It doesn't even look like they used the dummy.
What's that supposed to mean?
It's in danger!
Kogoro!
Dr. ETO!
To the corpse there are two stab wounds.
The second stab wound was inflicted when he was already dead.
Then they wanted to finish her off.
Mouri!
What is the meaning of all this?
I have no idea either.
Someone has given me a blow...
Father.
What does it all mean?
I don't know, I don't understand anything...
Conan, tell me everything.
Come on, come on!
I don't know anything either...
Mr. Mouri has died on ETO?!
I'm not surprised at all.
Excuse me, but who are you?
My name is Shirai. I'm Mr. Mouri's doctor.
Why doesn't it surprise you that he did it?
Ah, not at all.
It's just that Mr. Mouri has been under a lot of stress lately.
He's been suffering from hallucinations
and I was worried that this might make him aggressive.
Well...
But both Kogoro and I have seen her being murdered.
I understand how you feel, Conan.
As evidence of defending in Mouri, they won't take it into account at trial.
It's not fair.
I recognize that sometimes I lose my memory.
But to say that in one lapse I committed a murder is too much!
And a radish!
Don't talk nonsense!
Don't give up, father!
Don't get excited, Ran.
Anyway, I find it unthinkable that he infiltrated from outside.
Perhaps he came to the place from the stairs or the elevator.
By the way, Dr. Shirai.
You had serious disagreements with the victim, didn't you?
Not at all, let's not exaggerate either.
Do you mind if I check his alibi for the time being?
No.
The incident took place around 2/4 of 12, right?
It was the office, on the second floor of the north wing,
the same wing as the murder.
Can you prove it?
Okita, you brought me a chart, right, at that time, didn't you?
Uh, yes.
It was five-thirty, 12 o'clock.
The doctor was in his office?
Yes, although I only heard him talking on the phone.
(Shirai) But that was a long time ago.
Doctor, I'll bring you the chart and a coffee.
(Shirai) I'll talk on the phone now, can you leave it on the table?
Yes.
(Shirai) It was at the same time that the commotion started.
You haven't seen it.
But there was a conversation?
Can it be said that it was not a recording?
Yes.
That's an acceptable alibi, Mr. Inspector.
What kind of call was it?
Did you call or were you called?
Is that so much, això.Vol answer?
I received a call, a complaint.
It was an anonymous call criticizing my service.
(Think) "Therefore, we will not be able to identify the caller!"
Consequently, suspicions point to you, Mouri.
It can't be!
"Are we to believe it?"
"The doctor's alibi seems perfect. But..."
"The doctor has opened the curtains in Kogoro's room."
"And he set the alarm clock so that we could witness the murder."
"But that alibi..."
Dr. Shirai
"With this phone, you don't need to pick up the handset to talk."
"You didn't take it with sugar?"
"I get it: I know how he acted, to get an alibi!"
"There is no doubt: the murderer is Dr. Shirai!"
"But I don't have any proof."
"Wait, if this cup of coffee..."
Hey, Mr. Policeman...
Eh?
Ah, you're the guy who lives in Detective Mouri's house.
What happened must have upset you.
Look, Inspector Megure wanted me to check something, now.
Hey, did you find anything? Yes.
You were absolutely right, kid.
(thinks) "I knew it! It's in that coffee cup!"

"We have the proof to show that he is the murderer!"
Oh!
Oh!
I'll be right back, Inspector!
What do you say?!
What happened, inspector?
Don't worry about it.
It's the posture he adopts when he makes deductions.
It's the Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) Listen to me everyone!
What happened tonight is a planned murder.
First, the culprit psychologically reduced me
to make me believe that I would be capable of committing murder.
Then, he wanted to unjustly accuse me of the murder
and stage a perfect alibi that would remove any suspicion.
To achieve this,
the murderer used the dummy from the first-aid training.
The culprit opened the windows of that warehouse at an angle.
He has depicted the scene of a crime in the warehouse
in such a way that it was reflected for us to see.
There are two rooms of 12,
he summoned the victim to the room where the murder took place and killed her.
He did it just like when he was pretending.
But this time he was not doing comedy.
Conan and I have been witnesses.
It was convenient for him to become witnesses of what he was doing?
To make sure, the murderer has come to my room,
opened the curtains,
and reduced the amount of sleeping pills I usually take.
He also set the alarm clock to 2/4 of 12, the time of the crime.
He attacked me when I arrived at the crime scene.
He made me take the knife to mark the fingerprints on it.
But who would want to...?
(Dr. Shirai laughs)
Don't tell me that the doctor...
You want to accuse me, Mr. Mouri?
That's right.
The guilty of Dr. Eto's murder, it's you!
But how?
I have an alibi, Mr. Mouri.
You're right, Mouri.
At that time, I received the file that you had the nurse take.
She spoke.
She was using a cell phone.
A cell phone?
First, at just after 11 o'clock,
the doctor called the cell phone
and left the hands-free speakers on.
Then he went to the room where they had to go to the facts.
There, Dr. Eto, whom he had summoned, died.
At half past five of 12, he has represented the murder with the corpse.
Thanks to the cell phone, he spoke to the nurse through the loudspeakers.
And when I entered the room, he gave me a blow and I fainted.
She made me take the knife to mark my fingerprints on it.
Taking advantage of the commotion caused by the discovery of the murder,
he went back to his office and disconnected the phone.
And that was the end of it.
I guess he was relieved.
But he made a mistake.
The coffee the nurse brought him.
Everyone knows that Dr. Shirai likes his coffee very sweet.
However, there was no sugar in that coffee.
Dr. Shirai didn't drink that coffee.
This is ridiculous, I have drunk it without sugar once.
There is no proof of that.
So, did you really drink it?
Yes.
If you're insinuating that there are no traces of saliva,
I'll tell you that I rinsed the cup afterwards.
Something else is still missing.
Tell me what.
Your fingerprints.
They are neither on the cup nor on the spoon.
They're gone when I rinsed it.
Well, the nurse's prints are to the handle.
Don't tell me you've cleared it
so you've just wiped off her prints.
That's completely impossible.
I mean, when you picked up the cup to rinse it out,
you were wearing gloves.
The gloves you put on to commit the crime.
Why did you still have to wear those gloves?
When you returned to the office after committing the crime,
it's likely you were still wearing the object that stunned me.
He couldn't leave the fingerprints until he got rid of it.
As soon as he arrived, I knew I had to have the coffee,
because this would prove that it had been.
So, he threw the coffee,
and rinsed the cup with the gloves on.
But only on the inside.
That's why only the nurse's fingerprints remained.
You said she had taken it.
Can you give us any reason
why there are no prints of yours on the cup?
Because of the gloves that were supposed to prevent him from leaving evidence,
I left one.
Did you commit the crime? Everything went just as you said it would.
Why is that?
Next month, the chief of surgery is retiring.
Both the ETO and I had been promoted quite a bit
because we were considered candidates to succeed him.

But the ETO demanded that I not report,
and I had no choice but to submit to his orders.
He knew that I had not entered the faculty on merit.
He was aware of this
because the professor I had bribed was his father.
What good did it do me, paying so much to enter through the back door?
When you play with illegality and crime,
you never come out on top, doctor.
(Kimi ga INAI Natsu)
TSURAI asa wa unzari suru he.
Tsumazuite mo tanoshiku ikite yuku yo.
Kuridasou oikakete Haruka na yume wo
Donna ni hanarete ite mo wakaru.
Azayaka sugiru kimi ga INAI natsu, ano koe ano shigoto ga horogate ku.
Kotoba naka dekinakute mo ii,
koboreta Hizashi ni kokoro ga nijinda.
Aaaaah... Mover modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru.
Aaaaah... Move modorenai toki wo chiisaku inotte iru!
DETECTIVE CONAN
I've had enough!
Enough of the Sleeping Kogoro!
I quit this job!
Why should I?
You've solved the case perfectly, Father!
I have?
I have?
That's right.
The Sleeping Kogoro is back in action!
(Think) "Cut yourself some slack, Kogoro."
Miss!
Sonoko!
After drugging her, he has strangled her with a rope.
(Thinks) "There are still more footprints."
"In the foyer?"
"This means the murderer... even though he's inside the shelter!"
The murder of the skier, part one

