"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are her medicine."
"She's the only one I can trust with solving the case."
"Her brain of an adult and it's... Detective Conan!"
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"La Ran, Sonoko and I went skiing."
"At the resort we met Miss Yonehara,
the tutor Ran and Sonoko had in elementary school."
"In the end, we spent the night in the shelter they had rented."
"That night, someone attacked Sonoko and Miss Yonehara."
"Afterwards, we found the body of Professor Sugiyama."
"On the right hand of the victims, the word: Mi-na-ko was read."
"Professor Shimoda had a panic attack."
"With Dr. Agasa's call I found out that 3 years ago
at Haido school a girl named Minako committed suicide."
"It was then that..."
The skiing murder, part two
(Woman's scream)
(Thinks) "On the second floor? Damn it!"
Co... Conan! Don't move from here!
Hey, but...
What's happened?
It's in Shimoda.
Oh, my God!
(Think) "Rope marks on the neck?!"
It's not here!
The murder weapon is not here!
"The windows can't be opened and he couldn't run away!"
"This means that in someone's room..."
"It's not here!"
"It's not here!"
"He's not here! He's not part of it!"
"There is only one explanation for this."
"The rope still in the killer's possession!"
"One of them must have."
Really?
The rope is gone?
Yes!
Look at the neck of the late Professor Shimoda!
Have you seen the mark?
It's a mark made by a rope, like the one from the first murder.
But I haven't found it here.
Then the murderer must have fled with the rope.
He hasn't fled yet.
Because I've been on the ladder downstairs the whole time.
Are you implying that the killer is the second floor?!
That's funny.
I went through the rooms earlier,
but I didn't find anyone suspicious or any rope.
You went through our luggage? I'm sorry, I...
I saw that coming.
If what the little boy says is true, the murderer is one of you three.
And he must still have the murder weapon on him.
And you don't include yourself among the suspects?
Don't give me stories.
This is the first time I've been up to the second floor.
Besides, if I was the killer, the kid would have seen me coming down.
Whoever has the rope is the killer.
Shall we start a search session?
Have you found anything?
Donkey!
They didn't have any rope on them!
I didn't imagine I'd be left with so few clothes on, in this cold.
Hard to believe they murdered Professor Shimoda.
Yes.
I heard his cell phone ringing and it wouldn't stop.
I thought this wasn't normal.
When we opened the room, he was already dead.
It sounded like an alarm clock.
I also felt the alarm from my room.
But wasn't his room on the second floor?
Since you smashed the door, I changed it.
Of course...
If none of the three of us are the killer, then...
then there's only Sakai left.
Eh?!
Ah, girls!
Did they just search you too?
-Yes.
-You know about the rope?
I wasn't carrying any rope.
Am I right?
Yes.
And you two?
Of course not!
Then we can only think that what this guy says doesn't add up.
You mean the killer could still be in this shelter?!
He can't be!
Sonoko is alone downstairs!
Then let's go to him.
(Thinking) "I haven't turned away from the ladder."
"I'm not wrong, when I say that one of them is the murderer."
"But what makes it so, that the murder weapon hasn't turned up?"
It's all right.
Sleep like an angel.
Sonoko!
Ran, it's terrible!
Miss Yonehara has been murdered!
Then the murderer put a rope around my neck and squeezed it!
Miss Yonehara, but she's still alive.
Yes, I'm doing it.

And you, are you all right?
My head is still spinning a little.
Well, sleep a little longer.
He didn't try to strangle you?
No, but he has bitten me several times against the wall.
I'm glad!
You are safe and sound.
You were the person I admired the smallest.
And not only Sonoko.
All the girls in the class were very fond of you!
Don't overestimate what I am.
Eh?
I'm a woman like any other woman who couldn't save a student.
Today I couldn't help Suzuki either.
You are not to blame!
The murderer is to blame!
Three years ago, you also went to the students to save your own neck,
because you were the tutor of the girl who committed suicide.
If the murderer wanted to avenge Minako's death, we can say that you are his main target,
we can say that you are his main target.
How can you talk like that!
You are also of the same kind,
because you were the advisor of the volleyball club where Minako belonged.
And I say the same thing to the one who was dear to the girl, teacher Nakamura,
who used to work in the infirmary, and is now a physical education teacher.
She would have been able to discourage her from committing suicide.
The drama of the murdered continues.
Drama of the murdered?
Has anyone else died?
We will talk about it later.
It's dangerous for everyone to go on their own.
Let's gather in the dining room and wait there until the police arrive.
(Thinking) "Shit. How do you explain, what happened ?!"
"Think!"
"The key that should solve this mystery will be over here!"
"What is it, that?"
"A string?"
"It's a rather long star string. At the end there is a cut ring.
"Wait! Don't tell me that..."
"I already know how the first murder was committed!"
"I just have to find out what became of the murder weapon."
"A hair?"
"I've got it!"
"I already know how the second murder was committed!"
"I already know who the murderer is!"
"But how can I let the others know my findings?"
"Since you don't understand the situation, I can't make you play detective."
"Ran is the worst option."
"I won't be able to fool her with excuses once the case is solved."
"Okay, I'll tell her everything over the phone in my voice."
"No, I can't!"
"If I were to explain my deductions to that man,
I'd make an article for the paper!"
"And if my name comes out, those men will know I'm alive!"
I've had enough of you!
Stop hanging around the house!
Why, it's that strange phone.
(thinks) "Wait!"
"The pendant-phone must be receiving the signal from the voice transformer."
(Ringing signal)
Conan, you're wanted on the phone. (Beep-beep!)
Hello?
(Adult voice) Ran, this is Shinichi! Shi... Shinichi?!
I've got it!
I know who the murderer of those two teachers is!
How can you know?
Conan explained everything to me.
Do me a favor.
A favor?
Explain the solution of this case.
Let me do it?!
Yes, I'll tell you the truth over the phone and you tell him.
Why don't you do it over the phone?
I'll tell him myself when the police arrive.
When the police arrive, I'll tell them myself.
Understood.
I'll try!
I have to put this in my ear and I'll feel it, right?
Come on Conan!
Let's go with everybody! Aaa... Yes.
I will take revenge on the person who has attacked the Sonoko
and killed two teachers.
(Think) "I'm sorry, Ran."
That you already know who the murderer is?
Yes, I know everything!
The first incident: attack on Sonoko and teacher Yonehara.
The second incident: we found Professor Sugiyama strangled.
The third incident: on the one hand we have the strangled Shimoda
and on the other the disappearance of the murder weapon.
I know who the perpetrator of the 3 incidents was!
(Phone) This criminal is... This criminal is...
This criminal is one of you!
This criminal is one of you!
This criminal is one of us!
A vulgar high school student who puts on airs of a great detective.
Fine with me, we'll listen to you.
You must take care of what goes with being wrong, right?
You'll be sued in court for defamation.
And if I do an article, you'll be expelled from high school.
Expulsion?

-You see the risk you're taking, don't you? -R... Ran...
(Telephone) Don't worry, Ran!
I'll take you aside!
You have to keep her calm!
Shinichi...
Everything will be fine, trust me and tell them everything as I tell you.
Cat got your tongue?
If you wish to write it, begin.
I, the daughter of the famous Kogoro Mouri,
will solve this murder case to perfection.
-What?! - B-but Mouri...
In the second incident, when the doorbell rang,
apart from you, the Suzuki and Conan, we were all here.
So, how could we do anything like that?
At first it may seem impossible,
but with this star thread and the rubber ring at the end,
the problem is overcome.
Thread and a ring?
Tie a rubber ring on one of the ends of the yarn
and pass the thread in front of the columns of the entrance.
Take the other end of the thread and tie it to the ring.
Put the teacher's body where the rubber band is at neck level.
Just face the entrance and immobilize the feet with snow.
The thread must be long enough for the body to reach the bell.
The wear of the rubber band is accelerated by the cold and it breaks.
The corpse falls and rings the bell.
The thread and the rubber is the proof.
Thus, the murderer killed in Sugiyama with hours of anticipation
because he was interested in rigor mortis?
Yes, the murderer has quoted the Sugiyama teacher right here
before we arrived
and murdered her.
Conan saw ice icicles in the gutters of the house.
To the gutters?
Unless someone has not connected the heating, they could not be made.
It is an interesting plan, but it has such perfect results?
(Doorbell)
A picture is worth a thousand words, you want to check?
(Doorbell)
How?
If these are...
They are skis that I have prepared a while ago!
I put them on following this method!
The riddle of the third incident has not yet been solved.
I'll do it as soon as we get back to the dining room.
It's amazing!
You look amazing!
You'll see how I'll expose the person who attacked you!
If you're so convinced that the killer is here,
I want you to tell me who it is.
What mysterious stratagem
has allowed the murderer to make the murder weapon elusive?
Mysterious?
The murderer has not made the rope disappear
and this shouldn't surprise us.
In Conan it was on the ladder before and after the time of the crime,
so he would have seen it coming down, had he wanted to pass that way.
If in Conan it had not been,
we would have thought that the killer had fled to the second floor.
But he got away with the search.
The killer set off the alarm on his cell phone
because he wanted the body to be discovered immediately.
Because if it was discovered later,
the trick to make the rope slippery would have been useless.
One of the 3 people on the second floor was the assailant?
Speak at once.
How did he make the weapon disappear?
The rope was not in the rooms.
The rooms?
It is impossible that it is!
So that the gun still in the murderer's possession.
How!
This is ridiculous!
You and I have searched them!
Yes, except for one thing in particular.
-Explain't, what are you talking about? -Who has it on him?
The person who murdered
Professor Sugiyama and Professor Shimoda is...
And the one who attacked Miss Yonehara and Sonoko is...
Eh?
No...
-What's wrong with you?! - Who is it, the murderer?
(Can't feel what he's saying)
No... it can't be.
Tell us at once!
And this murderer, Miss Yonehara, is you!
-How dare you accuse her? -It can't be!
She braided her hair like a rope to strangle Shimoda.
The result is the same.
No matter how long the hair is,
it's not credible that she strangles a person.
But if she wears a wig...? A... wig?
Professor Shimoda wore this wrapped around his neck.
It's a natural wig hair.
For ease of processing, the cuticle is removed,
so touching it is enough to know.
The only person who can braid it is Miss Yonehara.
You must be kidding.
When the assailant was strangling me, she was unbranched before me.
That was the corpse of Professor Sugiyama,

we were to discover shortly thereafter.
Since the first murder,
she has hidden, on the second floor, the body of Professor Sugiyama in disguise
so that it had the same appearance as her.
Then, she lured Sonoko into the next room,
attacked her and, when she fainted, hid the corpse again.
Before that, he had gone out of the window to mark footprints in the snow
and make believe that the assailant had fled.
Thus, he looked like the victim,
and that made it easier for him to get close to Shimoda, the next victim.
Ms. Yonehara has probably spoken to Professor Shimoda.
He must have called her cell phone to tell her....
I know who the killer is.
I'll tell you everything.
Let me come in.
You're a worthy daughter of such a famous detective.
And you're right, I'm wearing a wig.
But I'm wearing it to hide the fact that I've cut my hair too short.
It doesn't constitute any proof of what you've said.
There's no use denying it,
because on this wig there are traces...
that confirm that you are the murderer.
Don't you remember, Miss?
On Professor Shimoda's neck there were wounds.
Therefore, the wig, there must have been something left.
Traces of blood that will match the blood in the professor's wounds.
It is likely that the motive was the written word: Mi-na-ko.
It is true.
I did it all for that creature.
To avenge Minako Mochitsuki, who was murdered 3 years ago.
Murdered ?!
3 years ago, she came to me for advice.
"She explained to me that two teachers
were illegally admitting children to the center in exchange for money."
"One of them was in Sugiyama. The other one didn't tell me."
"And she said she would check it out herself."
"That she would look into it."
"The next day, that creature killed herself
by hanging herself in the volleyball club room."
"But I knew the truth."
"They murdered her to keep her from talking."
I gathered the teachers who meant something to the child
and planned this ski trip.
And I realized that the other one was Professor Shimoda.
But they didn't need to be killed either.
It was more than I could tolerate!
He betrayed the student who loved her, and dared to murder her!
As a teacher I couldn't stand it!
But I am the least qualified to talk to these people.
To carry out the plan I had to attack Suzuki.
Forgive me, I am not a proper teacher.
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Journalist) Wow!
As you promised, your deductions have been extraordinary.
I'll dedicate an article to you, young detective!
Do as you please.
Hey, Ran...
Shinichi... Shinichi...
"After two hours the storm let up,
and the police arrived."
"I was able to decipher the enigma behind this case,
but I found myself unable to stop...
that stream of tears
that spilled from the eyes of a kind-hearted detective."
"The receiver at Mitsuhiko
has intercepted the call of a criminal who wants to kidnap a man!
"We have to find out where the criminal who is blackmailing that family is!"
We will take this criminal!
That man is the father who is being blackmailed!
The criminal is in that block of apartments!
"The kidnapping case"

