"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today's case speaks of love for animals."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
("Nazo")
Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The murder of the crane gratitude
Ran, you mean you get there, by this road?
Yes, it's the pasture ahead.
We come all the way to Hokkaido and neither eat crab nor go to the hot springs!
They smoke me so much, the cranes!
There are in the zoo.
Japanese cranes are a world heritage site.
They can only be seen in Hokkaido.
I do not care.
Ooooooooh!
Another one that flies!
How beautiful!
Stop it, will you?
If we don't find a place to spend the night, we'll sleep in the car.
Hey, hey, hey!
With what permission have you dared to enter?!
With what permission?
This is private property?
That's right!
Excuse me, as it is not allowed to approach the cranes,
we were watching them from here.
Aren't you crane thieves?
-Don't say that I look like a THIEF to you. - Of course!
Sir, how come these windows are armored, like the ones on airplanes?
Someone wanted to break them.
Do you like cranes?
Yes!
Yes!
What's so funny about taking care of cranes?
What ideas do they have, some of them.
Father, we can spend the night here.
Nearby there are some hot springs.
As the Ran and Conan have helped me,
the cranes would be happy too.
It is a detail to thank you for this.
To thank us for this?
For free?
If you don't want to, leave!
Not at all.
We'll be glad to stay.
It's the gratitude of the crane!
Yes!
My house is there.
Now I live alone since my wife died.
Your wife died 5 years ago?
That's right, since then I've lived alone.
This thing looks alive.
Some cranes, I stuff them and offer them to museums or schools.
Hello!
Welcome to Tamotsu!
In Tamotsu, my little brother.
He's been living here for 10 days.
-He is a painter fracassat.-This, it was not necessary to say it.
I'm just telling the truth.
You are not observant.
To have this deficiency is fatal.
Mr. Mouri, from Tokyo.
I am a private detective!
A detective?
You're that famous detective Kogoro Mouri?
My fame is known even in Hokkaido!
No, it's not, it's well known!
-It's just that in Tamotsu, he's from Tokyo! -Ah.
Why did you use this armored glass?!
I was thinking of exchanging it for the cracked glass.
This way, I'll also be able to observe the cranes without any hindrance in sight.
-Father!
-Father! -What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
-Will you leave the inheritance to the people? -Tell me it's not true!
It is true!
So, you can take care of the migratory birds, starting with the cranes.
If you take care of the birds, you can take care of the son!
Father, you have to help me or I'll have to go through the boutique!
Stop it, that color!
I have guests!
Don't you know how to do anything but ask for money?
What's wrong?
You're our father...
-You haven't lit the hearth? -No!
Hiroshi!
Why did you do it?
Last spring, a migratory pigeon nested in the chimney.
This spring it might come again!
I won't let you do whatever you want, especially not here!
Birds, birds...
You prefer those damn birds to children.
You're a lousy father!
Tamotsu, did you make them come?
Yes.
I knew you'd take it badly if I warned them without telling you..,
but I thought it was better to make things clear.
Stay out of it or they won't ask you!
Today at 5 o'clock the lawyer is coming with all the documents!
And the 300 million of my fortune will be for this town, when I die.
(thinks) "300 million ?!"
I will go to the lawyer.
Giving 300 million to some cranes is inadmissible!
I have already given you in life the part that corresponds to you by law!
It's been years since you last came!
Even if I visit your mother's grave, I won't give you anything!
Damn old man!
What shall we do, sister?!
Go see the lawyer!
I'll make him stop him!

(Think) "We won't spend the night in a well-to-do family's house."
You'll soon have the wound healed.
Hang in there.
Was he the president of a company?
Of an automobile sales company in Tokyo.
My sister-in-law got sick.
They both came for her to recover.
Both of them?!
So what happened to them, your children?
Because they didn't want to leave Tokyo,
she gave them their share of the inheritance.
And they spent all that fortune?
What a jealousy.
What the hell are you doing?!
Let go of me!
No arrows!
Can't you see, man?
It comes out of the middle!
What a posh son!
Oh... I'm alive again!
But I miss something...
(thinks) "I have a bad feeling."
"He could come and get it himself, the sake."
Oooh!
That's good!
Well, do you like it, Mr. Mouri?
These are splendid hot springs!
-They're wonderful! -I'm glad you like them.
Where were you going?
I've been here for 10 days,
and I still have a blank sketchbook.
I was going to the crane reserve to make drawings.
See you later!
Oh, my goodness!
Here you go.
Thank you.
I'll pick you up around 5, when the lawyer comes.
Enjoy the baths.
Yes, I'll take it easy, believe me.
Father!
If you don't get out of the water now, he'll hook you bathing!
A while longer.
I don't know when I'll be bathing in terms like these again!
If you faint afterwards... (car approaching)
(thinks) "On Hiroshi. He's heading back to Tokyo?"
Ouch... How dizzy.
You're a case!
You can't say enough! I feel so bad.
(Thinking) "Of course! You've spent more than two hours and drank sake."
Are you all right?
Ah, yes!
He just got dizzy.
By the way, did you draw the cranes?
Yes, I made these.
Wow, what a cane.
They are wonderful!
Well, I'm going back.
As if I were at home.
Ha-ha-ha!
Thank you. Good night, Mr. Tamotsu.
Good evening, Mr. Tamotsu.
Is Shuzo home?
Yes, I'm sure he's waiting for you, Mr. Yamagami.
Go ahead, you can go in now.
The glass is broken?
Shozu!
It can't be!
It won't open!
It's locked from the inside!
Has something happened?
My brother is dead!
What?!
It can't be true...
-Father! -Don't go in! -Don't go in!
What about Hiroshi?!
Uncle, what about Hiroshi?!
Calm down, Nori!
Go look in Hiroshi!
I'll warn Detective Mouri about the baths.
Mr. Yamagami, call the police.
He's been shot from outside.
The window is locked.
And the room was also locked from inside.
Yes!
It was locked every day at 4 o'clock to watch home videos.
Day in and day out he would watch videos of my sister-in-law.
I wanted to be with her without anyone in the way.
That's why I wanted to change the window panes.
Now she had started to recover from her sadness
and wanted to put diaphanous crystals to always see the cranes.
(He thinks) "They have murdered her by taking advantage of this fact."
"This one is scratched."
"The arrow was shot from this window?"
"How come the broken glass forms a kind of row?"
"A hole in the floor."
Uncle Tamotsu!
-What about Hiroshi? -I can't find him anywhere!
We saw her leaving by car at 5 o'clock.
Who was she with?
Sun, and he seemed very nervous.
Where did he go?
(Think) "Soot?"
"They've taken out a lot of the soot that was there."
"A piece of wood that hasn't burned?"
Ti!
Stop wandering around the crime scene, kid!
-Hiroshi!
-Hiroshi!
My name is Ezomatsu, Hokkaido police inspector.
This young man has pleaded guilty to murdering his father.
-Guilty?
-Who are you?
I am the famous Tokyo detective in Kogoro Mouri!
Detective?
What did you say your name was?
Mouri?
Yes, my name is Kogoro.
(Think) "You haven't even heard of me."
(Thinks) "It doesn't make sense! Something doesn't fit."
I had no intention of killing him, I just wanted to scare.
I was just aiming for that stuffed crane.
I thought to myself that he was dismissive of giving away his fortune.
Then, he took the crossbow out of the workshop.
(Hiroshi) "From outside, I saw the father sitting watching the videos."

"I aimed at the crane,
I took two steps back and fired.
Did you panic?
Another day it won't be a stuffed animal!
Eh?
I didn't want to!
My sister insisted that I did it!
What the hell are you doing?!
Nobody asked you to kill him!
Besides, the guy told me that by scaring him, he would change his mind.
Do not run so much, Nori!
I never told you anything like that.
You got the wrong idea from what I told you.
(Think) "A crane pen in your back pocket?! Crane pen!"
"Sure, I was afraid of that! But I won't have enough, with it."
"Wait... A window!"
"I've already found it!"
"That incomprehensible drawing of the crane!"
"The scratch on the armored glass!"
"The aligned glass, the hole and the wood of the fireplace!"
"All the pieces fit into the puzzle!"
"In Hiroshi is not the murderer!"
Believe me!
At no time have I ever wanted to kill!
We'll talk quietly when we've returned to the police station.
And you too.
Will you come with us?
We have to interrogate you as the instigator of the crime.
It can't be...
-Do you agree with me, sir? -Of course!
Considering that he himself has already pleaded guilty...
Aaaaah!
(Kogoro voice) Don't be in such a hurry, Inspector Ezomatsu!
Mr. Hiroshi is not the murderer!
What can you say, half asleep?!
Besides, he has accepted the guilt.
How do you explain the arrangement of the shards of the glass
that you have broken in Hiroshi shooting the arrow?
The shards of glass?
What do you see special?
Don't you find it strange?
The arrow has been shot from the outside, and the glass shards make a row.
I can't stand dealing with amateurs.
They enter the crime scene unceremoniously.
There was something here.
Yes.
That's where they put the bulletproof glass!
The bulletproof glass?
This one?
And then, in Hiroshi has shot the arrow from the outside.
And the crystals fall to the ground in this arrangement.
Wait a moment!
Then...
The armored glass should have stopped the arrow!
That's right.
The arrow has hit the glass and stuck in the ground.
Because of the transparency,
Shozu couldn't make out this glass.
And the arrow that the victim had stuck in his heart?
In the chimney bell, there is a clean piece of soot.
There was located the crossbow.
But how could they shoot it, from inside?
With it.
It fell into the chimney.
What are you trying to tell me?
They've tied a string to the piece of wood and placed it behind the trigger,
and placed a rubber band to tighten the trigger.
The thread that is connected to the wood
they have passed it through the inside of the chimney to the outside.
There, the individual holding it,
could spy on Mr. Shuzo from the upper window.
And then, he pulled the thread
at the same time that Hiroshi was shooting.
Inside the chimney, the traces left by the string could be seen.
And the arrow was impregnated with soot,
which will be confirmed when the scientists analyze it.
So, this is a premeditated murder?!
It was planned down to the last detail.
The person who made the crossbow disappear is the criminal, right?
Hiroshi was unable to do it because he ran away possessed.
He is not the murderer!
The person who has made the murder an enigma
and who has taken out the glass and the crossbow...
is you, Tamotsu Machida!
3 people have entered the scene.
They would have noticed that the glass was there!
No.
8 or 9 people out of 10 who enter the scene of a crime
only notice the victim.
And if they had immediately returned to the hallway,
they would not remember the layout of the room.
Moreover, they have immediately left the scene of the crime.
He then made the glass and the crossbow disappear.
The motive for the murder would be his reluctance to leave money.
Damn you!
You only know how to ask for money!
It was not only the sons who asked for money, but also Mr. Tamotsu.
Mr. Tamotsu sent for the nephews to set a trap for them.
He knew that, fighting as they were over the inheritance,
if he committed that murder, they would not accuse him.
When they assassinatel my brother I was in the crane reserve draftsman.
You see?

These drawings that you show me are what allow me to question it.
Because the tail of Japanese cranes is not black!
The edges of the wings are black!
And the tail is white!
And moreover, when the cranes sleep, they sleep to windward!
But in your drawing they sleep to leeward!
You didn't draw them in the reserve,
you have made them by taking as a model this stuffed crane.
To make us believe that you had made them all today,
you showed us a notebook that had all white pages!
Am I mistaken, perhaps?
Indeed, I may have made a mistake when I drew the cranes,
but you can't prove that I didn't draw it in the crane reserve!
Remember that you have dropped the sketchbook, the thermal baths?
In Conan has picked it up from the ground and returned it to him.
Therefore, Conan's fingerprints are on that sketchbook.
But what he is carrying now is not the same!
But I have cleaned it because it was dirty.
The proof that he's framing her is the pen in his back pocket.
A crane pen?
It's not a crane feather!
It's a feather from the wild pigeon that nested above the chimney!
When you put the thread in your pocket, you put the feather in your pocket.
In the pocket there must be traces of soot.
I don't buy it.
I can't believe I've been called into question because of my drawings.
It must be true, I have no talent for drawing.
As my brother used to say, I lack the ability of a good observer.
I finally understood that.
("Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Kogoro) "The Migratory Bird Protection Foundation is established."
That's great, that the two brothers want to take care of the cranes.
I wish I could become a crane and have my life taken care of.
(Thinking) "He-he-he.... This Kogoro is a hopeless case!"
Many of the novels published by Torakura
feature a vampire who calls himself Mister Dracula.
The window was locked and could not be opened!
The murderer is... someone from the house!
The murder of Villa Dracula, part 1

