"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today's case speaks of a whole western legend."
"His brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
("Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Dracula Village?
Because a good part of the novels published by Trakura
have as protagonist a vampire who calls himself Mister Dracula.
That's why it's called Villa Dracula? Trakura is a famous writer?
He is the most famous writer of horror novels in Japan.
Lately he has started writing epic fantasy novels.
Father, you know a lot about him.
Of course, don't forget that I'm a detective!
Ran, look.
"Monthly Horror Times. Daisuke Trakura Special?"
I see where you got your information.
Shut up!
Here we are, it's that house.
Is it Villa Dracula?
The Dracula Villa murder, part one.
Detective Mouri?
We're sorry to have brought you from so far away.
Who are you?
My name is Tadokoro.
I study under the teachings of Master Trakura.
The master awaits you.
Come, come.
Who is she, that woman?
She's the master's wife.
Ooooh!
What a beautiful woman!
What envy!
Father!
(He thinks) "What a guy!"
In old western mansions you notice a peculiar atmosphere.
It makes you shiver.
That's why I was saying that...
Come on!
This man is...
You're Kogoro Mouri, that famous detective?
Yes, yes, that's me...
Yes!
It's an honor, to meet you in person!
I'm the editor of Monthly Horror Times magazine.
How do you do?
Oh, right, that magazine.
You're that famous detective?
My name is Shuichi Hamura.
I work at the ethnological research department
of Kita Kanto University.
Wow!
What kind of things do you investigate?
Mainly...
vampire legends.
Wow, that's not a very common topic.
By the way, where is he, Mr. Trakura?
He's writing in his study.
This is... is this a study?
My master is here.
A black curtain.
(Woman's scream)
(woman screams) Ah!
Aaaah!
Ah, it was a movie.
You must be Kogoro Mouri.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Welcome to Dracula Village.
I am Daisuke Trakura.
This octagonal room is rather strange.
About it... Do you always dress like Dracula?
Dressed like this I can put myself in the shoes of Dracula himself,
and I write while I'm planning his films.
That's how I've created many novels.
Yes... Listen, what did you want to ask me?
I wanted to ask you to keep an eye on my wife.
Investigate Etsuko's behavior.
Conduct?
If she's unfaithful?
That's right!
I want you to provide evidence and find out who the other one is.
(Thinking) "You dragged me down here just to investigate this."
You will receive one million yen in fees.
Yes!
I'm happy to accept!
Wow!
You've got a lot of nerve not putting the chains on the car...
Don't worry, you can stay here tonight.
It will be a pleasure.
I'll be glad to.
Thank you for your kindness.
Wow!
What an aroma.
It's Rose Marie tea, a specialty.
The dinner was also delicious.
Tadokoro, you are an extraordinary cook.
Thanks to him, Madame enjoys a peaceful life.
Mr. Hamura...
I study and live here
because the master agreed to train me as a writer.
Try to write the new novel that we will publish next month.
I'll have to finish this month's manuscript first.
Tadokoro, bring me some wine and a movie in the studio.
As you wish.
Which film would you like me to bring you?
You can choose whatever you want.
Would you like to come with me?
There are many curious things at home.
Curious things?
Yes, a collection of small utensils
and dresses that appear in vampire movies.
Come on, Ran!
Come on, Ran! Hey, these things...
Come on, let's go!
This is where you have your collection and the large number of films.
Excuse me, where, the stairs?
In the basement there is a library.

There are literary works about vampires and documents of all kinds.
It is dedicated exclusively to Dracula.
Oh!
A mask of Dracula!
Dracula's hand!
Blow!
A sword with a cross for a hilt!
All right, I'll take this one.
Have you already chosen the movie?
Yes, an old English film: "The Feast of Fresh Blood".
My teacher loves it.
Look at that natural wood stake.
That's the stake with which they pierce the vampire's heart
in the last scene of this movie.
He also has the cross where they crucified the vampire in that scene.
(Think) "It smells like oil paint in here."
"If there is no painting."
Au, tornem.
Yes.
Ah, Ran... Say.
Can you check if the windows are closed properly?
Yes, of course I can.
Everything's fine.
Thank you very much.
Did you like the collection? I found it a bit unpleasant.
Hamura, Dracula was a fictional character, right?
It's true that the monster called Count Dracula
was created by the British Bram Stocker in the 1897 novel.
The novel was called Dracula.
But it turns out that in medieval Europe there was a dreaded family of nobles
members were called vampires
because of their brutal behavior.
As master Trakura gathers a lot of documents on this
a lot of documents on this subject,
I insisted to come here to consult them.
Conan, shall we play cards? Yes!
Yes, we will.
Wait for me a little while.
I have to check that the doors are locked.
In Tadokoro is very kind.
Does he like horror novels, too?
I'd say he's more into the fantasy genre.
I introduced him to Master Trakura.
He is a very talented guy.
Tadokoro, though it snows?
No.
It has stopped.
Would you like to play cards with us and Tadokoro, madam?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I have a headache.
I'll leave you two alone.
If you'll excuse me...
I want to consult some more documents in the library, so I'll leave.
Come on, take out the 6 of hearts at once!
I don't have it.
I'll pass!
And my deductions are going to be right on target!
Hamura, your with us?
Mr. Mouri is telling me about your exploits.
Yes, I'll accept his proposal.
Excuse me, I'm going to the toilet.
All today I have a stomach ache.
Ah, do, do.
-Compte. -Ah, excuse me.
Father, we're going to sleep.
Yes, go, now!
Now begins the hour of the great ones!
What's that?
This is very strange.
What's wrong?
The teacher doesn't pick up the phone inside.
Maybe he has fallen asleep.
It's very strange.
I was supposed to meet him in the middle of the night to go over the manuscript.
I'm going to check on him.
I'm going to see how he's doing.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Master!
Answer us, please!
-Mr. Trakura!
-Master!
It's locked.
What is it, this commotion?
We've been calling the master for a while, but he doesn't answer.
Come on, it's strange.
The projector is on.
It must have been hours since the end of the film!
-We went out and called him from the outside.
AAAAAAAAA!
How cold!
The window is open!
The snow in front is full of footprints!
What could have happened?
Mr. Trakura, is it here?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
No... it's not possible!
Aaaaaaaaah!
-What have you seen?!
-What should happen?!
(All) Ooooooooooh!
Apart from the window through which we have entered,
all the windows are hermetically sealed.
Also, the front door is locked from the inside.
(Think) "When the door closes, this rubber sticks."
"It's impossible for it to be opened from the outside with a thread."
Everything indicates that the murderer entered through the stained glass window.
But how did the killer get here?
The only place where the snow was trodden on was in front of the stained glass window,
the rest of the snow had no footprints.
And climbing this cliff would be impossible.
The fury of the waves would capsize any boat.
In other words, the stained glass window was open.
We've practically got a homicide in a locked room.
What about the police?
They can't help us.
The snow has caused an avalanche on the road.
They find it hard to get it open before dawn.
What a drag.
I'll have to examine the condition of the body myself.
The murderer can boast of bad taste.

Commit murder with a stake as if he were Dracula himself!
And then hang the corpse on a cross.
(He thinks) "Wait!"
"How is it, that the murderer has left the projector running?"
"Does it all have any interpretation?"
It's like the last scene of "The Fresh Blood Banquet."
It's the movie that took him in Tadokoro.
It was the vampire film that master Trakura appreciated the most.
The killer wanted to imitate the last scene of the film?
Rigor mortis has begun.
I would say he has been dead for about an hour and a half.
So he died between 9 o'clock, when he came in, and 11 o'clock.
She has a wound in the back of her head.
He hit her with it.
There is blood.
He knocked her unconscious, hung her up and staked her.
That stake was in the room where the collection is!
What do you mean?!
After Mr. Tadokoro went to get the film,
the murderer stole the stake and Mr. Trakura died.
There is no alternative to the way the murder was committed.
(He thinks) "I don't smell the odor of oil paint."
But the window was locked from the inside and could not be opened.
And from the outside there is no fingerprint!
Therefore, the murderer...
is someone from this house!
Kogoro, look.
A piece of branch?
It has nothing to do with the case!
Mr. Hamura!
You're the only one who could steal the stake from this room,
because you've gone to the library!
What?!
It is true that I went there.
But, once I had the stake, how could I go to the study?
To get there, I had to go through the living room where you were.
Now that you mention it... There is only one way!
From the second floor you can access
the ceiling of the corridor through which you have to pass.
It's true...
You don't need to tell me!
I knew it from the beginning!
I could not pass anywhere else but the room where you were.
Any other way is unfeasible.
-Madam... -Hey, yes?!
Your room is right above the collection room.
Madam, you are Mr. Hamura's accomplice.
But what are you saying now, Mr. Mouri?!
You could leave a rope hanging
from this window to the window of the collection room.
And with the rope, Mr. Hamura has walked along the ceiling of the corridor
and reached the studio.
And he climbed up on the roof of the studio and stood in front of the stained glass window.
Then Mr. Trakura called and killed her.
To get back he went the same way.
Am I wrong?
It doesn't make sense!
What makes you think that we were accomplices in the murder of my husband?
Mr. Trakura suspected that you were unfaithful to him.
Madam, he was giving you the jump on Mr. Hamura, wasn't he?
How?!
In no evidence?
Etsuko, let's stop hiding what's true.
Hamura...
If the police investigate, they will find out.
So you recognize him, Mr. Hamura?
Yes.
But we are together because we love each other with all our hearts.
That's right!
The only man I love is in Hamura!
I have never loved in Trakura!
How did you get married?
About 8 years ago,
my father's company's finances took a turn for the worse.
When it was about to go bankrupt, in Trakura, an acquaintance of my father's,
proposed to him to finance the company in exchange for a condition.
He was going to demand that I marry him.
If the company went under,
many, many families would have paid the consequences.
I had no choice.
He realized this later,
but the bankruptcy of the company,
he had caused it in Trakura from behind the scenes.
By the time I found out, the company was already in Trakura,
and he told me that if I divorced him he would sink the company.
It's not fair...
Now I understand.
If Mr. Tadokoro died,
you, as the wife of the deceased, would receive the company and his fortune.
That's not true!
It wasn't us!
Do you have any proof that I did it?
If you still insist on denying it, I will show you!
You have left the lady's room.
From the window of this corridor,
he has gone down the corridor that leads to the study!
(Think) "Kogoro, you are inspired today."
The footprints left by Mr. Hamura when he left are here!
No!
There are no footprints!

(Thinks) "How can it be ?!"
"It's ridiculous!"
"There isn't any!"
"Not only did the killer not use the hallway,
but he didn't even come through the ceiling!"
"Are we to believe that the killer was flying?"
"Like a vampire?"
("Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Thinks) "Kogoro, leave the rest to me."
(Kogoro voice) I thought I caught the crime stake in Hamura,
but I realized that anyone was capable of stealing it!
Anyone?
There were no traces for the murderer to walk through the air.
He was walking on air?!
The murder of Villa Dracula, Part 2

