"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today we have the outcome of the Dracula case."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
("Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Mr. Trakura, the owner of Villa Dracula,
asked Kogoro to investigate his wife."
"That night, someone enigmatically murdered the owner of the villa."
"From inside, it was imperative to go through the living room where we were
to go to the corridor that linked it to the study."
"To penetrate from the outside was impossible."
"The murderer had flown away like a vampire?"
The murder of Villa Dracula, part two.
Behold!
It was all a hoax.
(Think) "This is the canopy of the collection room."
"What's that? Those grooves..."
"If when we went to the collection room
I didn't smell that oil paint smell, it could be..."
"What? It doesn't smell."
Listen!
What are you doing, kiddo?! He-he... No, I do nothing!
(Think) "That smell was not coming from the stake?!"
Let's put in order the points of this case.
At about half past five o'clock, Mr. Trakura has gone to the studio
and Mr. Tadokoro, Ran and Conan
went to get the film.
The stake was there.
The murderer stole it after you went there.
And then Ran checked
that the windows of the room were properly locked from the inside.
Therefore, to go there she had to go through the living room.
Then, Tadokoro went to bring him the wine and the film.
Yes.
I left the film and wine and went out of the studio.
(Thinking) "Hey ? The seal on the bottle is still intact."
Have you noticed anything strange, Mr. Trakura?
Well, no...
He came back shortly after 9 o'clock.
Then he went to check that the house was locked.
I think it took me less than 10 minutes.
"And it had hardly stopped snowing."
Then the lady went upstairs to go back to her room.
And she went downstairs
when we discovered the body after 12 o'clock.
She has no alibi for that space of time.
And you, Hamura, when she left, she went to the library.
Yes, and I returned at about 10:11.
I have no alibi for that time either.
You could have stolen the stake from the collection room.
And you, Mr. Doi, you went to the washroom
after Mr. Hamura came back.
You left your seat free for about 20 minutes, didn't you?
I could have committed the crime with 20 minutes.
I didn't go to the collection room!
That's right, you only went to the washroom.
At that moment, you bumped into Mr. Hamura.
Of course, that's how they did it!
Mr. Hamura, at that moment, you were hiding the stake, weren't you?
You pretended to bump into Mr. Doi to pass it to him.
You're not serious!
What motive should I have, to kill Mr. Trakura?
What are these documents?
Well... well, they're...
Geez...
They don't look like Mr. Trakura's manuscripts.
They could be novels
submitted by readers in Mr. Doi's magazine.
Look.
It says "Horror Times" on the envelope.
Now that you mention it, I heard some disturbingly strong comments
that said that Trakura had plagiarized
the novels they had sent to Horror Times.
Plagiarized ?!
So you have used these novels for this purpose?
How can you prove this?
And if we look at what we found on Mr. Trakura's computer,
read it and compare it with these?
De... in fact...
Mr. Doi, I recommend you confess while you still can.
That man...
It had been years since the talent and genius of Trakura had been extinguished.
It happened about 7 years ago.
"The stock went bankrupt and I borrowed a lot.
"En Trakura satisfied my debts
in exchange for my passing on the novels."
You murder him to end this relationship?

-It's not true! -But he has a cell phone!
If you want to find a cell phone... In Tadokoro he also has one!
He's the author of "The Ghost Writer" by Trakura!
"The Ghost Writer"?
5 years ago, that's right.
When I couldn't bear this illegal sale of novels, I'm going to introduce him to Tadokoro,
I will introduce you to Tadokoro, whom I knew from a magazine.
It's been 5 years since Mr. Trakura
began publishing epic fantasy novels.
Those novels, he wrote in Tadokoro.
This is true, Mr. Tadokoro?!
Yes.
But I don't feel any resentment towards the master for it.
And even if I hated it temporarily,
I had a motive that kept me from killing him.
A reason that kept you from doing it?
I have a sister with whom I am 10 years apart, Kaori.
She has always had a diseased liver,
but since we lost our parents when we were young,
I didn't have the means to cure her liver properly.
And now, thanks to Master Trakura, she is in Tokyo.
He promised me that he would take care of her treatment until she got better.
Killing Mr. Trakura meant
his sister was left without treatment.
Clearly, this Trakura was a despicable individual.
He was nothing more than a vampire.
But as much as the victim was such an infamous being,
a murderer is a murderer.
And that admits of no apology!
(He thinks) "Unless they collaborated, it is impossible to have committed the crime."
"From the living room there is only one way, the hallway."
"And it is impossible for them to have stolen the stake before us."
"The entrance door to the study was locked from the inside."
"And the door frame has a rubber band on it, and it doesn't open from the outside."
"Outside, there were only footprints in front of the stained glass window."
"Since the murder weapon is the stake from the collection room,
the murderer is one of the people here!"
"Hey, why did he have to give him that stake?"
"This motive limits the suspects to the people living in the house."
"For the murderer, this should be no inconvenience at all."
"And why did he use it as a murder weapon?"
"Indeed, there is still a trace of the smell of oil paint."
"The window was closed from the inside."
"And the ventilation window is spring-loaded to lock it."
"The twig that fell from the window..."
"And those strange grooves in the snow on the canopy..."
"There must be something linking all this."
"Eh? Sure! That's what it was all about!"
"What is it, this plastic bag?"
But it's...!
Surely there's a secret door somewhere!
I assure you there is none.
(Thinking) "I've already got an idea of the killer."
"But how on earth has the murderer managed to do it?"
"And how do you explain, that the murderer wanted to illuminate the corpse?"
"He simply wanted to commit the murder like the movie?"
"Wait!"
"Duct tape? What's it doing here?"
"Yes, that's it!"
"I know the real motive
that led her to light up the corpse!"
"I know what the truth is!"
Shit!
There must be some secret door!
Mr. Hamura, Madam, Mr. Doi!
I wouldn't be surprised if one of you is a real vampire!
You sure flew into this studio!
Mr. Kogoro, I find you are very tired.
(Think) "Kogoro, leave the rest to me. Rest for a while."
Ah!
Aiiiiiii... Here we go again...
We're going to the rooms.
(Kogoro voice) Wait, please!
That was a joke before.
Now let's get down to business.
To the point?
You mean you already know what the truth is?
Of course you do!
You do?
Yes, I know absolutely everything!
Well, go ahead and deduce, Mr. Mouri, we listened to you.
I thought that the stake used to commit the crime was taken by Mr. Hamura.
was taken by Mr. Hamura,
but I realized that anyone could steal it from the outside.
From the outside?
In the snow outside the window there were no footprints.
There were no footprints so that the murderer walked through the air.
He was walking on air?!
He continues to make his jokes.
You all know it, don't you?
The window of the lobby stairs
and the canopy of the collection room window,
are at the same height.

And the killer has made himself a bridge with a ladder.
A ladder?
If he went over it
he could get to the collection room without leaving any prints.
This is evidenced by the marks left by the ladder in the snow on the canopy.
But the window was closed.
Using a very simple maneuver, he could open it easily.
He took that piece of branch
and stuck it between the glass and the spring that locks the window.
At first glance it might seem that the spring was in place,
but the window could be opened without any problem.
After stealing the stake,
closing the window, the spring was still in place.
But between the stake and the window there were two meters, right?
He used a pruning shear for the high branches.
The one used by Mr. Tadokoro this afternoon.
This tool is equipped with a clamp, which allows you to pluck fruit.
He inserted the pliers through the window and stole the stake.
Following this method, anyone could get hold of it!
No way...
But how is he supposed to have got in and out of this studio?
It's very simple, he went down the hallway.
From what I expected to feel, this is the most ridiculous.
At least this is more rational
than not saying the killer could fly.
You were in the living room.
You know that no one has passed down the hallway.
Only one person has passed, don't you remember?
Mr. Tadokoro, you are the murderer!
In Tadokoro!
It can't be...
But what did you say?
When I went to the studio,
the murder stake was still in the collection room, wasn't it?
Ah... Yes, it's true, Father!
Ran, what you have seen was a forgery made by him.
A forgery?!
Yes.
When Mr. Tadokoro went to get the film,
he invited Ran and Conan to go,
and showed them the fake stake
so that they could get the idea that the weapon was there.
After committing the murder with the real stake,
he pretended that he was going to check if the house was locked,
because he had to steal the fake stake.
Do you have any evidence to confirm that the stake was a fake?
What is this?
Conan found it in the junk closet.
There's no denying it's very well done.
The blood was done with oil paint.
Since the lady paints, it would be easy to get the paint.
Tadokoro...
Mr. Mouri, even if you went down the hallway to get there and back,
how did you do it, to get in and then get out?
The door was locked from the inside with the latch.
And even if you went out, how did you get back through the corridor?
Apart from those on the stained-glass window, there were no footprints.
That open stained glass window and the trampled snow were a comedy.
In Tadokoro, he went in and out through the door.
How could I have closed it from the inside, then?
Closing it from the inside couldn't have been easier.
If I used the projector, it was no mystery!
The projector?
But what's wrong with it?
How do you want me to do it with a projector?
Mr. Tadokoro, I know everything.
As for example, why did you focus the corpse with the light.
It was not to reproduce the last scene of the film?
No, sir, it wasn't.
You illuminated the body
to camouflage the real reason you moved the projector.
The real motive?
The deception made it necessary
the projector to be moved out of place and in front of the door.
But if only he moved the projector, we should have discovered the manipulation.
Thus, by illuminating the body with the projector,
created an unusual staging and distracted our attention.
Now we will reproduce how he performed the deception.
Ran! Yes!
Give me a hand! Yes!
First, take about 5 meters of film off the spool.
Stick a piece of masking tape on the end of the film.
When you've got it, run it over the curtain rod
and stick it on the latch that closes the door!
It's ready, Father.
All preparations are ready.
Ran, turn on the projector.
Mr. Tadokoro has locked the door on the inside like that.
But he was unlucky,
because when the reel was picking up the film,
the adhesive tape stuck to the black curtain rod.
On that piece, a square has been marked.
This is the trace left by the little square holes in the film.

Mr. Tadokoro, can you give me any other reason that would explain
what you are doing on a curtain rod, tape with perforation marks on it?
Well, I...
Don't you think it's about time you told us the truth?
Earlier, you practically confessed to us that you were the murderer, didn't you?
Like ?!
You said you felt the projector in the studio.
Don't you find that strange?
The door frame has a rubber band attached to it to soundproof the studio.
How could you feel what was going on inside?
You knew the projector was running.
If you want, we can check it out, it won't be a problem.
We'll see if the projector is felt when the door is closed.
I've...
I've murdered him.
Tadokoro...
But why?
Didn't you say that if you killed him, your sister...?
My sister...
Kaori is already...
She's been dead for over a year.
It can't be!
In Trakura he didn't make them give her the treatment she needed.
She bribed the doctor who was in charge
and they gave her just the right treatment
that allowed the disease to neither improve nor worsen
to lengthen the time she spent in the hospital.
But this backfired
and the state of her illness worsened until....
It was not more than a month ago that I found out.
In Trakura I had hidden my sister's death.
He kept lying to me
telling me that he had transferred her to a hospital in the United States.
But last month, the nurse?
the nurse who had cared for Kaori
couldn't take it anymore and told me everything.
She told me that the Kaori called my name many times
while she was delirious and dying.
And that if she had been treated the way she was....
If she had been treated as she should have been, she wouldn't have ended up like that!
In Trakura she murdered Kaori!
And because of that... That's why I...!
(Think) "It is said that he who receives the bite of a vampire,
will also become a vampire."
"And almost without realizing it,
it's possible that in Tadokoro he ended up becoming a vampire."
"A vampire called a killer."
("Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
How to ?
Villa Franken?
Yes, it's Mr. Furano Kenzo's villa.
He's a scientist.
It looks like every night...
This time we get Dr. Franken?
(Thinking) "Now we just need to run into the werewolf..."
Mr. Shiraki!
Something's not on time.
What is it?
When we were in the waiting room the flower on his chest was...!
(Think) "If the Rika Okano was the murderer,
who will be the next victim?"
"Who does she want to kill?"
"I won't make it in time!"
And the next chapter...
The scent of flowers

