"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today's case is unusual. What flower has thorns?"
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
("Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Winner of the World Grand Prix of the Arts".
It's such a big prize?
(Exclamations of surprise)
Mi-te-la, mi-te-la, mi-te-la!
It's Marika Aochi, the actress!
(Shouts and exclamations of surprise)
It's Koji Takahone, the soccer player!
(He thinks) "Stop shouting, you're making a fool of yourself."
It's a reed!
There are actors, soccer players...!
This place is full of celebrities!
Cretins, who do you think I am?
I came here because they asked me to!
Let me go, you holoturias!
Kogoro!
Father!
Not sure what face you're making, Kogoro Mouri, the famous detective?!
We are not allowed to let anyone in without an invitation.
Wait.
I have asked him to come.
-How? -Did you understand?
In Kogoro Mouri has taken the trouble to come
because they have received a death threat.
(murmurs)
Mr. Mouri!
The scent of flowers
The letter with the threats arrived a few days ago.
"At the Bay Front Hotel will open the flower of death."
It's a bad joke!
You're exaggerating.
Let it go.
But teacher, foreseeing that things may go wrong,
it's better to take precautions.
They are a bunch of losers, envious of my prize!
It's a waste of time to put yourself on a par with those mediocre people!
Who is it?
Rika Okano.
She's an artist who does avant-garde style ikebana.
She's on TV.
Avant-garde ikebana?
It's amazing!
The flowers that were buds, suddenly open up!
Like a magic trick!
Funny, you say trick.
This means I'm the con artist, right?
(Think) "How disgusting."
The secret is in the room temperature.
Mr. Shiraki!
Have you received an anonymous letter with death threats?
Yes, I did.
I don't think anything will happen,
but I hope they don't want to disrupt the party program.
Well...
Since it's in my honor, everything will go according to plan.
But if anything should happen...
Also, don't forget to mention the Shiraki Group,
which has always supported you.
Yes, of course.
Well then, see you later.
Ecs!
What a miserable guy.
He is the owner of this hotel
and a connoisseur of the master's art.
He thinks he knows what because he can buy art with money.
When I see him it makes me want to puke!
Blow!
What beautiful flowers!
Don't want to do any mischief, eh? What's this?
Liquid nitrogen.
It's that stuff that freezes things temporarily, right?
Yes.
It's the secret of Master Okano's art.
She devised the technique?
It would be more accurate to say she perfected it.
(thinks) "Perfected it?"
Oh!
It's finger-licking good!
Father, that's enough!
You have no shame!
You're Mr. Mouri, that famous detective, right?
I'd like to ask you if you could do me a favor.
It was time to start, I've gone to look for him,
but he doesn't answer.
I understand.
By the way, do you have the master key?
Yes, here it is, Mr. Mouri.
Mr... Mr. Shiraki!
-And the tie you're wearing? -It was his favorite tie.
He was strangled to death, there's no doubt about that.
But this corpse is not normal.
In what way?
Explain yourself.
What are you doing here?
Fixi's-okay.
The tie crosses in front.
You're right.
So, the killer has strangled the victim from the front!
If he strangled her from the front, the victim must have resisted.
So the killer is a strong person;
strong enough to strangle the victim by overcoming his resistance.
He must be a big man.
It doesn't look like Mr. Shiraki put up any resistance.
Whatever the strength of the attacker, he must have put up some resistance.
He must have tried to struggle or remove his tie.
Well, look at his hands,

There is no evidence on the fingernails that he tried to do it.
Indeed, they show no trace of violence.
It doesn't necessarily have to be that way.
If he strangled him with superhuman force,
the victim must have lost consciousness on the spot.
The killer must be wrestling!
Now.
Check if there is no such person among the guests.
Yes.
(thinks) "Au, too simplistic a salary."
Anyway, we can't move the body
until the coroner has examined it.
Ah, Conan, though you're here?!
Au, out!
I want to talk to the person handling the case.
It's me, who's handling the case.
Inspector Megure, from the investigation squad.
The hotel owner has been murdered.
What will you do, given the circumstances?
The most natural thing in this case: I'll call off this party.
No way!
If I called off this spectacular party,
my career would be greatly damaged.
Teacher...
Stop your stupid whims.
Understand this at once, this confirms that death threat.
Of course I understand.
But the assassin's target was the hotel owner and not me.
I am no longer in danger.
You can also look at it this way, but....
(thinks) "What a selfish woman. But still..."
She thinks she knows what because she buys art with money.
When I see it, I feel like throwing up!
"Was it her?"
"With the little strength she has, it's impossible!"
Inspector!
Among the guests who fit the description,
we have wrestler Katagiri Anaconda,
soccer player Kotaro Imamura and in addition...
Mr. Anaconda, a while back,
had a very strong fight with the owner of the hotel.
That's him!
No doubt about it!
(Thinking) "If it were such an easy case, the clues would be easy..."
We thank you very much for your attendance
to this tribute party for the master Rika Okano,
who recently won the World Grand Prize for the Arts.
Are you sure?
Eeeeh?
What do you want?
Mr. Katagiri Anaconda, will you answer a few questions?
Later, later!
I haven't had enough yet!
The mother who...!
Inspector, Mr. Anaconda has an alibi!
This man, no...
Mr. Anaconda has been all the time with his partners.
The inspector is in trouble!
He has called for reinforcements!
(Adult voice) I smell chloroform.
If she has been put to sleep with this substance,
even someone without any strength could strangle it.
But how could he have given her the chloroform?
There is something in this flower that...
What is it?
I could have sworn that when he appeared, the flower he was wearing was...!
Yes, it was closed, no doubt!
But now it's open.
(Rika laughs) What happiness!
The death of that wretch has crowned this celebration!
That man was only a stepping stone to fame.
It was presumptuous of her to think she could manipulate me.
If anyone heard her, they would think....
Midori, what you have to do is shut up and do your job as an assistant.
Are you forgetting that thanks to me you eat every day?
Excuse me, maybe I've talked too much....
(Think) "What a monster of a woman."
(Midori) Yes?
Ah, it's you.
I should go to the stage now.
Ah, thank you.
Teacher, you're asked to go through.
(Adult voice) I've got it!
Well, it is chloroform.
And there's another one.
A solution of hydrocyanic acid!
Although he intends to murder another person?
But how the fuck is he going to do it?
Ice cubes?
It's a cube of chloroform!
Of course it is!
With the ambient heat of the room, the frozen chloroform is melting,
and the victim inhaling its vapors.
And this time he has put cyanide.
But how should he do it?
A petal?
It's amazing!
The flowers that were buds, suddenly open up!
It's the secret of Master Okano.
The secret is hidden in the closed petals of the flower.
Because the flower was also frozen.
She has inserted the frozen chloroform inside the petals
and froze the flower instantly.
In this way, no one would ask questions
so that all the guests wear a flower on their chest.
And then, the petals have been warming up with the ambient heat
the flowers began to open and the chloroform became volatile.
The owner of the hotel breathed it,

has fallen into a lethargic state and the murderer has strangled her.
The death of that wretch has crowned this celebration!
(Think) "If Rika Okano is the murderer,
who will be the next victim?"
Oh, what's wrong with you?
Come, if you can!
The game is over!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"Surely the flower of the next victim is closed."
"If I don't find it soon, the cyanide will reach the gaseous state."
"If the flower opens, it's all over."
Ladies and gentlemen, we are sorry that the wait has been long.
The winner, Rika Okano, will now give us an exhibition.
(Applause)

"Oysters!"
"The ice is starting to melt!" ##
"At this temperature, the killer ice cube..." #
"Hey! The guests' flowers have been given to the reception!"
"The flower should have been opened long ago!"
"Maybe the owner was their only target."
"If he was, he wouldn't have worried about getting the hydrocyanic acid ready!"
"Surely the killer wants to kill someone with that substance."
"Not here."
"Where is it? Where could it be?"
It's a doozy!
Flowers that were just buds, suddenly open up!
"I've got it! It's those!"
"Who wants to commit suicide?"
"We're not doing well! I'm not going to make it in time!"
"With what..."
What?!
(Exclamations of surprise)
What the fuck is he doing?!
Mecàsum the kid!
He has ruined the exhibition!
Marrec of the devil!
What did you think?
Excuse me, it's just that the spray has started by itself.
What the hell were you doing here?
Ah... Ooooh... Ooooooooooh...
What's wrong with him?
Is he all right?
Kogoro, have you found any indication that you have been led to solve the case?
(Kogoro voice) I have asked you to stop him from continuing the exhibition.
And what did you intend by doing so?!
Know that you will pay for what you have done!
When the closed flowers opened,
you would have given your life for closed.
As you say ?!
Kogoro, would you mind explaining yourself in an understandable way?
Inspector, close hermetically the flowers of the exhibition.
Make sure that no air leaks out.
Inside those flowers, the enigma of the murder is hidden.
And the plan of the murder that the criminal has not consummated.
Ah, yes, yes, you understand!
We have collected them all, Kogoro.
Now, tell us everything.
The person who has killed Mr. Shiraki
and planned another assassination,
mastered the technique of avant-garde ikebana,
which makes closed flowers suddenly open.
You mean the Rika Okano?
Did you do it?! No, no way!
How dare you?!
Why should I kill the owner of this hotel?!
No, you didn't kill her.
So that you should be the next victim.
It can not be!
I murdered ?!
So, Kogoro, who is the murderer, according to you?
Look, the person who prepared the flowers for the exhibition.
Miss Rika, you know who it is, don't you?
That's right, I'm talking about Midori Ozaki, your assistant!
My... Midori, you wanted me to...?
You were the only person who could put the flowers on the stage.
But if Miss Midori was the murderer,
she would have ended up dead too.
Yes, she wanted to kill herself,
while executing her revenge against Miss Rika.
Revenge? Yes, probably her motive...
Probably her motive was...
More than devising, it would be more accurate to say that she perfected it.
From the words of the Midori,
it follows that the one who devised the avant-garde ikebana technique
was not Miss Rika.
She is absolutely right!
I couldn't forgive him, neither Mr. Shiraki nor Miss Rika.
The concept of this ikebana
was initiated by Haruka, my older sister.
Rika Okano was her disciple.
But the Rika found a sponsor, in Shiraki,
and introduced herself as the first avant-garde ikebana artist.
And those who have the power can crush those who do not.
Rika Okano knew that she would not be the best
as long as my sister competed with her.
And she boycotted her, with the support of Shiraki,
because my sister couldn't do exhibitions and make herself known.

Besides, the method you use was devised by my sister.
What happened to your sister?
She fell into absolute despair,
and took her own life.
Rika does not love flowers.
She only uses them for her lust for glory and money.
She renamed me,
and when she made me her assistant I knew it.
I could not forgive her...
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Following the incident,
Rika Okano was publicly accused of plagiarism."
"From now on, I may not step on another stage."
"As for me, in Kogoro, who hadn't noticed anything,
gave me a good smoothing over."
Ay!
aiiiiiii!
How maaaaaaal!
There is a possibility that this group of criminals are very close.
So, we weren't wrong at all!
(Adult voice) Leave it.
You've been asked to kill the Akabane, haven't you?
Wow!
What a cane!
(Think) "They're in cahoots with the cop?!"
And the next chapter...
Robbers in the hospital

