"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are his medicine."
"Today, in Kogoro he has an appointment."
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
(Title: "Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kogoro's date
What a good one! We got it right, ordering pizza, didn't we?
Of course we did!
Father wouldn't even let us think about such a dinner.
But father is a sparrow's end.
He's left everything.
He must have been happy.
It had been 10 years since he had seen that friend.
They were going out for drinks.
He'll be back at midnight.
-I'm sorry, home. We have the whole night before!
But if you're asked to work urgently...
Don't worry, we'll see each other again soon.
Good bye.
(Loudspeaker) "Arriving on track 2
the Tokyo Outer Perimeter Circle Line train."
Although it's two and a half of 8?
I wish I had taken advantage of it to have some more drinks.
There are still 6 stations left, all the way to Beika?
(Alarm)
Beika... (alarm)
AAAA!
A hair's breadth!
From a hair!
Oh, my gosh!
A little more and I'll pass by.
A candy?
Where did it come from?
Oooooooooh!
Wow!
What a poetic image!
(Opens a car door)
Hey, you're Sachiko, aren't you!
My name is Mouri.
Kogoro Mouri.
Do you recognize me?
We met at Poirot's, the bar downstairs in the office.
Yes, in Kogoro Mouri, that famous detective!
Yes!
It seems to me that the building where you live is near here.
(Chimes)
Is it 8 o'clock?
Oh, I forgot to take my watch with me.
Do you want to take a ride with the car?
I know a place from where you can see an extraordinary night panorama
and I'm not convinced to go without a partner.
Great for me!
Let's go!
I'll take the car out right away.
Are you cramped?
Put the seat down.
You'll find a lever underneath.
Ah, thank you.
I'd been working alone at the company,
but my roommate was home with a cold.
I went to see her.
Then you'll have to go back to work.
I don't need to.
I'd rather listen to the exploits of a famous detective.
Ah...
(thinks) "I'm glad that one had to go."
"The night is still young!"
I had a wonderful time.
Yes.
Well, so did I.
Well, then, good night.
(Sachiko) Good night.
(Sachiko) -Huh?
-What's wrong?
The key... The door is not locked.
The murdered is Kazumi Takenaka, 29 years old, the roommate.
The body has been discovered by Detective Kogoro Mouri
and Sachiko Shimamura, who lived with the victim.
Considering the stiffness of the jaw and cervical spine,
death took place shortly after 9 pm.
In any case...
Mouri, what are they doing here, these two?
I'm sorry, Inspector.
I called them and they showed up here on their own.
(Think) What were you doing, in a woman's apartment?!
This is Sachiko's room.
The partition that separates this room from the victim's room
ends in the middle of the eat-in kitchen.
Also, the balcony door is open,
because she must have forgotten to close it.
Are you suggesting that the killer came in through the balcony door?
But how did he get in here?
Mr. Inspector!
Hey!
Watch out!
Did you see, inspector?
You can get down from the emergency staircase.
What the hell are you doing, smart-ass?!
Surely, the murderer, not realizing that the Kazumi was sleeping,
was out in the dining room kitchen looking for money.
She must have woken up, found him
and the thief attacked her with a knife.
He then fled out the front door.
It is a case of robbery with homicide.
That's what it looks like.
I have to ask you a question.
Where were you at 9 o'clock at night?
I was driving around with Mr. Mouri.
Eh?
With Mr. Mouri?
Yes, you see...
But father, you were meeting a friend.
Yes, but they needed him for something urgent
and we said goodbye too soon.
Then I went back to the Beika train station.

I met Shachiko, behind the Beika school, and she offered me to get in the car.
and suggested me to get into the car.
(Think) "Behind the school?"
At what time? At 8 o'clock.
We went for a drive together.
"She knew a viewpoint where you could see the bay.
"We arrived around 2/4 of 9."
"We've been over an hour and a half and left at 10 and 10."
"Before going home, it's been about 5 minutes at work."
"At three quarters and 5 of 11, we have arrived home."
We have discovered the body and called her you.
So, you are her.... Yes!
I am her alibi!
If you were found behind the school, you were near here.
You see, I run a small import company,
and tonight I was left alone doing overtime.
But I was worried about Kazumi,
who was half asleep because of a cold,
so at about ten to eight I went to see her.
Were you able to talk to Miss Kazumi?
Not as much as talk, no.
As she was sleeping soundly, I went back to the car right away.
Why did you stop the car behind the school?
Why didn't you leave it in the parking lot of the building where you live?
It's hard to park in this parking lot.
Besides, I wanted to go back to work.
And at the entrance of the building?
There is a bus stop in front of the entrance.
"To Miss Sachiko Shimamura."
This is for you.
When did this package arrive? No idea.
When you came to see the Kazumi, was it already here?
No, I don't remember seeing it.
Tomorrow my men will check who the sender is.
I don't quite buy it.
A fish bone?
No, the reasons why the Shachiko parked at the school.
Hey, stop.
What the hell am I going to talk about?
What the hell am I gonna talk about, on the bay bridge overlook?
What the hell am I going to talk about, at the bay bridge overlook?
Why did you go for a ride with her?!
Don't tell me you...!
What?
I haven't done anything to be ashamed of!
Then what were you two talking about?!
I don't remember!
Besides, mid-conversation...
What happened mid-conversation?
Eh, it's the same.
Father...!
We were talking for the first half hour,
then I dozed off without noticing.
He fell asleep?!
I drank the beer,
and I got so toasted I was so toasted.
She woke me up at 10 past.
How cool!
You fell asleep in the middle of a date!
Don't fuck off!
That's why I didn't want to tell you anything!
(Poensis) "In Kogoro he fell asleep in the middle of an appointment?"
"But at 9 o'clock he was awake and chatting with Sachiko."
"Sachiko's alibi is perfect."
"Wait!"
By the way, Kogoro.
Yesterday he left his watch behind.
How did he know what time it was? I looked at the car clock.
And before that?
I looked at the clock at Shibahama train station.
What time was it? Two quarters of 8.
Two quarters of 8.
(Think) "From Shibahama to Beika is a quarter of an hour."
"And from the station to the school, 10 minutes."
In Kogoro he met Sachiko at....
I told you, it was after 8 o'clock!
I heard the clock in a house!
Eat your breakfast and go to school!
Yes!
(Think) "It was all as he says. Let's let it run!"
-3 laps in the yard is too much! -I can't take it anymore!
Courage, Genta!
We're almost there!
Think of something you like.
Something I like?
Very good!
Tonight, eels!
Eels!
Eels!
Tonight, eels! Hey, we're done!
He's so animated he can't see anything else.
Maybe he'll want to do another lap!
(He thinks) "Eh? And if it had happened, what?"
What if he did a whole lap?
After taking the train to Shibahama station,
he fell asleep?
It takes an hour, to go all the way around the line.
If he had made a full lap, he would have arrived at three quarters of 9.
And a black lamb!
I slept a quarter!
I did not make any complete lap!
Well, let's check it out.
How?
Tonight we will go up together to the circular line.
We'll take the 5:30 train from 8.
As you wish, it gives me...
Hey, father, do you remember anything?
No, I must have been asleep as a log.
But no!
She can't be the murderer!
Be that as it may, we'll make the tour.
This is the farthest stop from Shibahama.
What's so funny, guys?
Do you know him, that gentleman?

The candy.
Yesterday, that man was sleeping with his mouth open.
And this one threw him a candy.
Go on, do it.
At what time? Like today, at 8 o'clock.
So, I arrived at Beika just before 9!
So, I met Sachiko at 9.
That's right!
And they arrived at the lookout at two quarters to 10!
They talked for half an hour and it was 10 o'clock!
She woke up at 10:10!
He thought he had slept for an hour and a half.
And she had dozed off for 10 minutes.
She intentionally set the clock back one hour
to have an alibi.
She parked the car in a place far away from prying eyes
and went to murder the victim.
She had left the door open
and entered the house through the window.
He deliberately made noise in the dining room.
And murdered her in a way that made it look like a robbery.
Afterwards, he came back here and found you.
By the way, when I saw her...
The jacket and gloves she was wearing must have been stained with blood!
Think it would have come undone while you were sleeping.
Before getting into the car also set the clock back an hour.
And when you were sleeping, you set it back.
Shit!
You dared to steal from the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
You didn't find him anything other than the sudden?
(Sachiko) Some children recognized him?
Your alibi has collapsed.
You met with Mr. Mouri behind the school
after the murder.
Perhaps the children have mistaken Detective Mouri for someone.
It's a possibility we've considered.
Even if they don't take my alibi at face value,
they don't tell me "you murdered Kazumi."
Indeed, we haven't.
But we have a proof.
(Think) "I leave it in your hands!"
Let's see, Sachiko, do you have this pen in mind?
That's right, it's your pen, isn't it?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaai!
Father! Is something wrong, Mouri?
Answer.
(Thinking) "In the end I'll have to take care of it myself?"
(Kogoro voice) This case goes back to yesterday at half past five 9.
"A messenger came to deliver a package,
and the Kazumi opened it."
"He couldn't find his stamp to certify that he had received it."
"And he signed it with the pen in the eat-in kitchen."
"But no ink came out."
"The messenger took it and checked the load."
There was still some ink left.
So Miss Kazumi used it again.
So the messenger had left,
she put the pen on the telephone table,
and went back to sleep.
After 20 minutes...
"You, in a reflexive act typical of a murderer's mentality,
picked up your pen that was next to the corpse."
"And then..."
Ah, you're the Sachiko, aren't you?!
You invited me for a walk
and you moved your jacket and gloves.
When you put it on the back seats,
the pen fell out of my pocket.
"You didn't notice it,
but when I sat down, a pen fell out of my pocket too."
You get the picture, don't you?
I'm going to mix up the pens and I picked up your pen by mistake.
On this pen, there are the Kazumi's fingerprints,
yours and Mr. Mouri's.
Plus those of the courier, who checked the cargo.
These prints indicate
that you entered this floor shortly after half past five at 8 o'clock.
The Kazumi was blackmailing me.
About a year ago I will import and sell illegal goods,
without knowing they were.
The Kazumi was aware of it,
and demanded that every month I pay her a certain amount.
If I refused, she threatened me
If I refused, she threatened to stop the bank from giving me capital to run the business.
I shuddered to think that she would blackmail me all my life.
You made the decision to kill her.
Yes.
When Mouri greeted me, I was at a complete loss.
But when I saw that she thought it was an hour less,
I took a chance.
If you had not met him, what would have become of the alibi?
"I'm going to place a camera in the company
in the direction of the establishment in front of me."
That's how I could describe the customers at the time of the crime.
And he drove by the job because he had to get the camera out.
That's right.
Everything else happened just as you have deduced in Mouri.
I'm sorry to have given you so many headaches.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.

Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
When Kogoro fell asleep on the veranda, he could have killed her.
Conan!
But instead, he didn't.
Why didn't you?
Because I have no reason to harm Mr. Mouri.
Eh?
This face... I've seen it before.
Conan, you always wear your glasses.
Even when you sleep or bathe.
Why do you do that? Because if I don't, I get nervous.
The famous detective cornered
The great case of the two serial killings!

