"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star....
"My deductions are your medicine.
"Today we bring you the third part of a special episode.
He has the brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
(Title: "Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The famous detective cornered!
The Case of the Two Great Serial Murders, Part Three
When did you receive this letter?
It was sent a month ago.
It arrived at my home in Brazil.
Evidently, there was no sender's name.
I wasn't interested in it, my brother's inheritance,
so I didn't want to come.
But I received this miserable letter.
I came to see what face you leeches made.
Are you satisfied?
Then get out of my room!
Please, Grandpa!
Teach me to write in Kanji!
The mother didn't want to teach her.
Wait a minute Shin... Oh, no!
Hey, Conan!
How do you write "good new year" in Kanji?
(At the same time) It's... it's left-handed?!
Hey, did you see that, sis?
Yeah, but I don't know if the guy was left-handed.
Do you remember if he was, Yuki?
Not at all.
But if he has that scar, he must be Uncle Yoshifusa.
But maybe someone told him the story
and he also happened to have a similar scar.
Then that old man is an impostor.
I think it is him.
Fixeu's-e well on the photo of Uncle Yoshifusa that we have found.
His baseball glove is on the right.
This proves that he is left-handed.
Indeed...
And he writes with the same letter.
The handwriting?
I found this postcard, along with the photograph.
It's a New Year's greeting he sent from Brazil.
The handwriting matches what he just wrote to me.
Did you ask him to write this to check it?
I can tell you are the son of the great mystery novelist Yusaku Kudo.
Ep, that's my son.
S-son-my!
Wow!
Although the preserving, that old well?
-Despite that accident?
-Yes.
An accident?
The mother fell into the well and killed herself.
About 15 years ago, one day when it had snowed,
the mother suddenly disappeared.
We were looking for her but we couldn't find her.
The next day we found her dead inside the well.
As it was dangerous, we talked about destroying it,
but the father asked us to leave it until he died.
As far as I can see, that well has a lock on it.
Because I put it there.
I didn't want anyone else to fall in.
But the worst thing happened when the funeral was held.
Her older brother made quite a fuss!
He called that one of us had thrown her down!
And what was the news?
It seems that the cause of the accident were the camellias
that the uncle had planted to celebrate the parents' wedding.
Camellias?
Yes, the camellia tree on the side.
He must have climbed into the well to pick the flowers and slipped.
He probably wanted to show them to us.
They were her favorite flowers.
That year, not many had come out,
and the mother waited with delight to see if the tree would bloom more.
We know all this because in her hand there we found a camellia.
The mother's brother refused to accept this explanation.
What became of that man?
Who knows... At that time he was already quite old.
Maybe he is dead.
If he were still alive, he would also get a share of the inheritance!
Don't worry, legally, that man has no right to inherit anything.
We can't be sure of that.
If my husband's will states that he wants that man to receive property...
Tomorrow at 10 p.m. the will will will be made public.
Are you suggesting that the man could come?!
Yes.
That's right.
If that man were alive, he would do anything to come.
Although he must have the same grudge against you as he did 15 years ago.
When my husband's first wife died,
I had no connection with this family.
Well, I'm off to my friend's second wedding reception.
Take care of everything, Hiromi.
Don't wait up for me.
Yes, mother.
Who is it?!
What's wrong with you, son? It was there.

It was there right now!
There was someone suspicious peeping through a crack!
-There's no one. It's not your imagination, kiddo?
I'd put my hand on the fire that there was someone spying on the selectees.
What a horror.
We talk and the shadow appears!
What if that man was the older brother we were talking about?
I'm sorry to impose.
We spent the night here and had dinner!
It's more fun to have vegetable stir-fry when we're a group.
What a face you have.
If you had brought clothes to change into.
Excuse me, king... You were saying something, Conan?
Nothing... nothing special.
(Phone)
Who is it?
It's very late. (Phone)
(Girl) Is that you, Hiromi? -Hello?
Ah, it's you, mother.
You have any problem?
We were out of firewood, right?
Yes, that's why I was telling you that we couldn't take a bath.
-Aaah! -My... mother?
Machiko, pretty girl, have a drink with me.
Let me be, I'm on the phone now.
Ah, I bought firewood for the bath, I left it in the storehouse.
-Yes, okay.
-Well, see you later.
Apa, that the mother...!
She doesn't care about anything.
We are in mourning and she is euphoric.
Oh, my goodness!
Sautéed vegetables with meat?
Then we can breathe easy.
Calm?
What do you mean, calm?
Because Carlos won't have to check if it's poisoned.
Oh, man!
I'm sure that letter was just a joke!
I wish it was!
How do you find it, Yuki?
It's pretty hot?
Yes, it's almost the point.
Do you have to bathe like the samurai?
Apa, if it's fantastic, it has its charm.
Reiet, then we'll bathe together like we did before?
And a radish.
Yukiko, will you tell uncle that the bath is ready?
Now that you say it, uncle liked to bathe very much.
Can he get into such a small bathtub with that big man?
Oops!
Uncle took a bath every day,
but Carlos was in his room.
What do you mean?
He goes alone to bathe without the bodyguard?
(He thinks) "Now I understand.
When Grandpa is bathing, Carlos keeps a close eye on us."
Well, take care of everything, Carlos.
(Phone)
Hello?
Mother?
Have you found the firewood for the bathtub?
Yes, uncle just went to take a bath.
Yes?
I'm glad.
I'm still at the wedding dinner.
I guess I'll be back around 11.
-You'll keep the bath warm? -Yes, very well.
Ah... What a nice bath!
-Well, I'm going to the bathroom. I'll take horns after you, then.
How was it?
Was the water hot enough?
Maybe it was a bit cold...
I'll put more firewood.
But it went well?
-Yes, thank you very much. -Make yourself at home.
What a mug!
You're cheating on Ran and you're standing me up?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What happened, Hiromi?
A man who was wearing sunglasses came out from behind....
(Think) It was the guy from before.
Don't you find it strange, that bucket?
The bucket of the well is on top of everything!
-There's something stuck in it. We'll try to stretch it.
It's... it's really heavy.
Up!
Ah!
Ma... mother!
Why did this happen?
Did he kill himself by jumping into the well?
No, he has a stab wound in his chest.
What did you say?!
This means that one of us...
That can't be...
Let's see, the last time he called it was 9 o'clock.
Yes, from the nightclub at the hotel across the street from the station.
I had a bath just before 10:00.
While you were in the bathroom, did you see anyone leave the room?
No, no one.
Well, it's impossible for any of us to be suspicious.
It should have taken an hour to get here from that hotel!
While I was in the bathroom someone murdered her and threw her down the well.
If, when we were introduced, she had wondered what I was doing here, maybe we wouldn't be in this situation,
maybe we wouldn't be in this situation.
So who is the murderer?
The suspicious man with sunglasses?
Why would he want to kill the mother?!
There's something in the pocket.
This... this...
It's a camellia!
Lla... so, the man I saw before, was... it really was...
It was the one from 15 years ago.

(Male) The victim is Machiko Yabuuchi, 39 years old.
She was the second wife of landowner Yoshioka,
the owner of this house, who died last month.
Isn't she?
Inspector Yamamura!
We haven't found the murder weapon,
but the cause is the bleeding caused by the stab wound.
Aaa... Was it this one?
The body was discovered shortly after 10 p.m., wasn't it?
Exactly, we were surprised that the well bucket was at the top,
we stretched the rope and we... we found the mother's body.
Excuse me, what's wrong?
Eh ? no.
It's just that when I imagined the scene I had a shiver.
This means that at that time, the murderer was in this village.
This means that the murderer must be one of you 8.
Please don't be hasty!
This evening, the mother had gone to the hotel opposite the station
for the second banquet of a friend's wedding,
and she called us from there around 9 o'clock.
Even if she took the car after calling,
she would have arrived later than 10 o'clock.
We were all in this room.
We couldn't have committed any murders.
The only one who wasn't with them was me, who was taking a bath.
Eh ?!
Lla... then!
You're the murderer?!
You're wrong.
Today was the first time I saw Mrs. Machiko.
Oi, Conan? Hmm.
Yukiko has been living abroad for a long time.
She's here because I asked her to come.
Yukiko?
A... this means... That's amazing!
You are the actress Yukiko Fujimine?!
Eh, yes.
Yay!
What a great show!
Every week I watched your series:
"Risky stories of a police inspector!"
I became an inspector because I was crazy about you!
-Wow! Now you seem more suspicious to me.
You were used to using guns, weren't you?!
I only did it on the show.
(Think) Can we trust the inspector?
Excuse me, are you sure that Mrs. Machiko called you?
Yes, I talked to her normally,
and I felt the noise of the room where she was.
You are the only one with a chance of committing the murder!
No, man...
If you want a suspect, you have one!
A man hovered in the vicinity.
He wore sunglasses, a scarf and a cap.
He was flamboyant.
A... a flamboyant man?
He must be the older brother of the mother who died 15 years ago!
She accidentally fell into the well when she was trying to pick some camellias.
That guy was obsessed
that one of us had thrown her down.
But the Machiko had said
that 15 years ago she still didn't live here.
So why would he want to kill her?
This corner of the garden is very dark, maybe he mistook her for someone else.
In this case, the murderer must be the man with the sunglasses.
It's quite possible.
Look at this camellia!
Is it a flower from that tree?
It was tucked in this lady's shirt pocket.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You don't need to be so scared, man.
You're a homicide inspector?
Well, it's my first time at a crime scene.
These days, sickness due to colds is frequent...
Dead bodies give me a bit of anxiety...
You can count... You can count...
To find out the exact time he arrived,
we'll have to find the cab that took the victim.
-The cab? -He left with our car.
By car?
You must have seen it, it's the garden.
No... I didn't see any car.
I don't understand.
We always leave it parked here.
What did he do, the car?
As he must have been drinking at the party,
he must have preferred to go back by cab, can't you see?
-Maybe yes. -Inspector!
We found a car in the woods behind the house!
In the woods?
And what is it doing there?
Yes, this is our car!
What do you mean, in the middle of the woods?
The murderer must have tried to climb up to escape,
but he let him run.
I'm sure that when the victim came back,
he either ran out of gas or had engine trouble.
And when she was walking back, the man attacked her?
(Starts the engine)
Funny thing.
The car starts without any problems.
And they left the key in the ignition.
There's gas and no flat tires.
This empty cassette case intrigues me.
I can't find the tape.
In the glove compartment there is only the cell phone.
Eeeeeei!

Tonight you will all have to sleep together.
That way you will be protected by our vigilance.
It is possible that the man I have been told about is still around.
Casum, should we all sleep together in the same room?
That's disgusting.
Hey, Shinichi...
Did you get anything out of it?
Can you tell...
Oh, tell me!
If we let Inspector Sapastre do it,
he'll end up pinning the crime on me!
For the moment, it's all mysteries.
The man with the glasses is one.
And then...
(Off) "That they left the car in the woods!
"That empty cassette case!
And to bother to tie up the corpse with the rope."
It was as if he was screaming for us to discover the body.
You're right.
Maybe there are masses of unexplained mysteries.
Wow!
Was the door to that warehouse open?
I don't know. I don't know.
It... Wait, wait, wait!
Where are you going, Shinichi?
Aw, let's go sleep in the room, son!
Hurry up, Shinichi!
Inspector Yamamura!
Yes?
What's the matter?
We found the murder weapon in the well!
A... A kitchen ga-knife?
Please check if it matches the victim's wound.
What is it, this plastic?
Ah, it's a woman's raincoat.
It's where we found the knife wrapped.
A raincoat?
No, no! We can't let him in!
We can't let it in!
-Is there a problem? -This man wants to come in.
-I'm telling you I'm advocat. Advocat?
I've come to go public!
I'm referring to Mr. Yoshioka's will.
Ah, right...
(Think) At last we have it here.
What a ?!
Will you postpone the reading of the will?
Yes.
We haven't stopped the criminal and we haven't inspected the whole villa.
You'll have to wait one more day.
-It's not funny! -You can't make these decisions!
It's just a couple of greedy leeches making a fuss.
You're wanted!
Old man, speak to me with more respect!
Au, cherry!
You're a damn impostor!
You shameless Marrec, flying off to get hurt?
Aaaa... listen... Give me a moment!
We'll do something.
The policemen will be present at the reading of the will.
Au, calm down, don't fight.
Don't fight.
This was...
A Brazilian wrestling cipher.
And a very well executed one at that.
That Carlos must have skills far superior to what we've seen.
If grandpa is such an expert in self-defense techniques,
why did he hire a bodyguard?
Maybe he did it "just in case".
Well, then we will proceed to make public
the contents of Mr. Yoshioka Yabuuchi's will!
Please listen quietly.
(Clock ticking)
What do you have? (Ticking)
(Think) What is this?
What is it, this noise? (Ticking)
What are you doing, with this boom box?
What do you want to record?
Mr. Yoshioka prepared everything for the occasion.
It contains the one written in the will, but explained by him.
Well, it doesn't feel anything...
Isn't that the key to record?
Aturi'l, if not...
To the ground!
What was that?
The ar... the cupboard!
An arrow came out from inside the tea locker!
This is...
A crossbow!
And that clock...
A... a timer?
It was set to shoot the arrow at a certain time.
-But... but who did it?! -But who did it?! - Who prepared it?
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN

