(Off) "The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star....
"My deductions are your medicine.
"Today we bring you the conclusion of the special episode.
He has the brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
(Title: "Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The famous detective cornered!
The case of the two great serial killings, conclusion.
But who did it?
Who has prepared this set-up?
The man who fled last night!
If we are talking about the mother's older brother,
he must have a lot of rage built up against the whole Yabuuchi family.
That's right.
He took advantage of the fact that we were meeting here
to set up the crossbow and arrow mechanism.
Did she care who she killed?
No, he didn't care.
What do you want to say?
See where the arrow is stuck, in the next room.
The tatami is full of holes.
This proves that the murderer did some tests based on a target.
He wanted to nail the person who SEIE there!
It was known that we would meet you
in the room where they have the chapel for the deceased?
Well, yes.
Then, it was a done deal, for him.
But listen, kiddo, I could not know where each one would sit.
Yes, he did.
The arrow followed a route.
It went from the entrance to the farthest corner,
where the head of the table is.
The arrow that the assassin had prepared,
from the very beginning, was aiming at a certain target.
Uncle Yoshifusa, the assassin had focused on you.
So, another wretch wants to end my life?
My God!
My God, my God!
There is another possibility.
Uncle could have prepared the arrow assembly.
No.
The guy reacted to the scream and dodged the arrow.
On the ground!
Yes, it's true.
That means it was the work of that man with the sunglasses.
Yes, this seems the most logical thing to do.
Of course... Sorry to interrupt the conversation,
but do you want to leave the cassette player as it is?!
No!
What a mess!
I've left it recording all the time!
You've erased the father's will?!
Donkey!
Asshole!
What a mess!
Instead of putting side A, I put side B!
We have only engraved on side B.
Side A, where the will is engraved, is intact.
What a fool.
Come on, let's hear what the will says!
Don't get excited, please.
Now rewind it.
Anyway, if we don't find out who ran away, we won't solve the case.
But we'll find out who set up the arrow.
I'm sure it's who I think it is.
You mean it's here?
The murderer is among us?
Then say who it is!
Who is it!
Tell me!
I can't yet.
There are masses of mysteries to be solved.
Give me a clue!
No, don't!
Very well!
As you wish!
I'll come up with the solution myself.
I don't need you for anything!
Come on, don't be like that, mother.
Inspector Yamamura!
We have discovered a suspicious tape in the boiler in the bathroom.
What do you mean?!
A tape?
Sit me down, all of you?!
I want you to wait here until I come back, please!
Hey ?!
Where are they, the Yukiko and that kid?
They just went outside.
Wait a minute, what are they doing here?
They'll put me in trouble.
Where did you find it, that cassette?
Well, it was... among the firewood.
The Hiromi was feeding the fire,
but she didn't tell me anything.
Oh, and the coroner told us that he had found something strange.
Strange, you say?
At the murder weapon there are only fingerprints and blood of the victim.
But the strangest thing is that the prints on the handle
indicate that she was wielding it pointing forward.
-None in... forward?
-Yes.
(Thinking) "Well, that's pretty strange.
"If after she stabbed the victim she had picked up the handle,
he would have done it the other way round.
"If he wanted to make it look like a suicide,
he would have made him pick it up upside down."
They also explained what happened at the hotel where the victim had been.

What did you get?
The victim went to the wedding, but no one knows when he came home.
Come to think of it, Hiromi said something that surprised me.
Machiko had told her that he would be back at 11 o'clock.
How do you explain her coming back shortly after 10 o'clock?
(Thinking) "Eh? Wait a minute.
"Coming out this way, she's going to stop in front of the boiler.
"And the boiler is near the well where the body was hidden.
"If I'm not mistaken, that cassette...
It can't be."
Let's listen to this cassette to see what it contains!
What are you looking for here, mother?
You said that that man with the sunglasses
was spying on us hiding in the back door.
Yes, he was.
Hiromi also saw him running away right here.
What's the matter?
Have you found something, mother?
What do you want me to find?
Hurry up!
Back to the room, please!
Wren, come listen to the tape with mommy!
Stop talking like that, mother!
(Recording) "Machiko, pretty girl, have a drink with me.
It's a recording of the party where the mother went.
-Was it by the boiler? -Oh, yes.
(Thinking) "So, the Machiko could give coherence to her movements
without arousing suspicion!
"The Machiko's murderer
is the one who spouted that incoherent nonsense!"
Hey, mother, you'll have to give me a hand.
I already know who the murderer is!
I'll make deductions using your voice,
you should follow the beta.
No way!
What did you think?!
You didn't want to tell me anything before!
Why don't you do it yourself?
Besides, I have some information that you don't know, little king.
What are you talking about?
You don't have to do anything.
I'm all right.
But don't get in my way.
Well, since you're here, we'll listen to the tape with the will.
Ins... inspector...
(voice inspector) I meant to say that we'll listen to the tape
after I've made my deductions.
You'll have to wait for me to clear up the two incidents that have happened.
I beg your pardon?
We'll start with the second incident,
the hidden crossbow aimed at Mr. Yoshifusa.
We already said it was the man with the sunglasses.
I thought so too.
Until I heard a comment from a person.
A... comment?
Do you want us to feel it again?
We can do it easily.
It's recorded on side B. Sir, start the tape, please.
I don't understand anything...
Well, then, let's listen to it.
(Recording) "Ground!
(Uncle) "What was that? (Shot)
(Keiko) "An arrow has come out of the tea cupboard!
A... that's... A crossbow!
What's so strange, Inspector?
Don't you find it curious?
As we all know,
the arrow that has been shot into the cupboard
has gone through the room, out the sliding door,
and disappeared from our field of vision.
However, one person has rightly concluded that it was an arrow.
And he did so before we opened the locker.
How did he know?
Keiko, don't tell me that you...
Exactly, the reason is very simple.
Whoever put the crossbow there...
It was you, Miss Keiko!
How... as you say?!
But with that alone you can't accuse Keiko.
I put the crossbow in there!
I did it the day uncle came back.
I asked for a loan.
I did it on the sly.
A loan with very high interest.
If the distribution of the inheritance assets went as I expected,
I could pay off the debt without you noticing.
But when I knew the guy was coming back, I got overwhelmed.
I didn't want to kill him,
I just wanted to scare him and make him come back in Brazil.
Even though I set everything up...
for him to fail,
I didn't think it would happen anywhere near him.
This means that you are going to kill the mother.
Was that crime your doing?
No, you're wrong!
I didn't do it!
B... but, so...
I swear!
Believe me!
(Inspector voice) Keiko is telling us the truth.
Who killed Mrs. Machiko is someone else!
What do you mean?
Someone else, you say?
-Who is it?! - Who is it, this criminal?!
Speak up!
(Think) "Come on, deduce everything point by point, Shinichi.
The murderer of Mrs. Machiko...
We'll help you, don't hesitate."
The person who killed Mrs. Machiko

and hiding it in the well is...
Didn't we agree that it was the guy with the sunglasses?
It's probably the mother's brother,
who's got it in for us because of the accident 15 years ago.
It's a pretty convincing motive, so stop that bastard!
No.
That man must have been a detective that someone had to hire
to find out if Uncle Yoshifusa was who he said he was.
If that man isn't the murderer, that means...
He can't be.
That's right, it can't be.
This is it.
The perpetrator of Mrs. Machiko's crime...
is in this room.
Don't you remember?
He called at 9 o'clock from the hotel party room.
Even if he had taken the car then,
I would have arrived after 10 o'clock.
And we were together, we could not commit any crime.
And if we take this possibility into account?
Machiko made the first call shortly after 8 o'clock,
and immediately after that she left the party.
She stopped the car in the forest shortly after 9 o'clock
and made the second call
while playing the tape where she had recorded the atmosphere of the party.
But the person killed is the mother!
Why should this alibi be fabricated?
Actually, it all came out backwards!
Backwards?
What do you mean?
Mrs. Machiko made up an alibi with this set-up
because she wanted to murder someone.
But unexpectedly it was her, who was killed.
What are you saying?
What do you mean?
Ironically, the same set-up that offered her an alibi,
became the alibi for the person who returned her.
In fact, she wore the raincoat that they found in the well
to prevent the blood from staining the clothes she was wearing.
Machiko herself had taken care to put the camellia in her pocket to leave it at the scene of the crime.
to leave it at the scene of the crime
and thus make it appear that the murder was related to the one of 15 years ago.
The tape that was on the side of the boiler,
it must have fallen when he was going to kill his victim,
or it fell out of his pocket
either fell out of his pocket when the victim was carrying her body to the well.
Whatever the motive,
after the crime he would have planned to burn the tape.
It's possible that the bathroom was the scene of the crime."
Because I knew that even if it was soaked in blood, it could be cleaned.
Speak up.
Who is it, then?
Which guy stabbed her?
Mrs. Machiko's chosen victim
was someone who had a special devotion to bathing every day.
She was the only person who bathed at a certain time.
Mr. Yoshifusa Yabuuchi,
I mean you!
What... uncle died her?
No way!
Among the techniques of Brazilian martial arts...
there is one that twists the arm of the knife-wielding assailant
and makes him stick to it.
When the Machiko attacked him,
Mr. Yoshifusa executed this technique.
His motive was to procure a large share of the inheritance.
But if it was self-defense, how come the guy kept quiet?
Because he had two threats.
Mr. Yoshifusa was sent two letters threatening him.
Another wretch wants to end my life?
That statement showed that someone had previously attacked her.
That is, Mrs. Machiko also sent him a threat,
like Keiko, who planted the crossbow.
If she bothered to hide the body to the well for us to find it,
it's because he wanted to warn the other person who had threatened him.
But it was self-defense.
I suppose you will confess to us now, Mr. Yoshifusa.
(Man) You have a lot to learn, though.
Who are you?
(All) The one with the sunglasses!
If we listen to the tape of the will, everything will be solved.
Play it, eagerness!
(All) Eh?
Yes.
(Recording) "The people who are entitled to inherit my fortune are:
my wife Machiko,
my daughter Hiromi, her husband Hidekazu,
my son Yoshiyuki, his wife Keiko and Carlos."
Caro... Carlos?
Why?
Why the hell does he show up, this Carlos?!
My fortune will be divided equally among these 6 people."
How come, it doesn't say anything about the guy?
How do you understand this?
It is natural that he does not.
After all, this man is a bodyguard who came from Brazil to protect Carlos.
who came all the way from Brazil to protect Carlos.

So who is he, Carlos?
He is the son that the real Yoshifusa had with a Brazilian woman.
The... the son?!
But Mr. detective, where did you get all this from?
No, I'm not a detective.
I'm just a novelist, gentlemen.
Yu... Yusaku!
Father!
Yusaku, how come you're here?
It's a long story.
I was serious, isn't that man our uncle?
He's left-handed, he has the same handwriting...
There are a lot of left-handed people in the world.
What happens is that in Yoshifusa
had this good man write his letters.
The real Yoshifusa and this man
worked together running a farm Brazil.
(Off) "But about 10 years ago they suffered a tornado.
"This man took bad in his right hand
and Yoshifusa lost his left.
"From that day on,
"he became a kind of scribe for Yoshifusa.
"In Charles it is recorded in the division of property.
Because the farm was ruined and because in Yoshifusa he died.
And in Yoshioka took pity on the nano.
All this I have found written here.
I found these letters in a secret room in the warehouse.
-Why did he pretend to be the uncle? -He wanted to take everything.
If anyone wanted to take ownership
it was precisely the people who threatened to kill him.
If they had known who Carlos was, they would have intimidated him.
This old man pretended to be the uncle
so that the perpetrators of the threats would only focus on him.
The proof is that when the old man went to take a bath,
Carlos stayed in the room.
It was safer to leave him with the people than to leave him alone outside.
The old man wanted to catch the aggressor,
but instead he killed her unintentionally.
And leaving things as they were,
the police would have taken him away to testify at the police station.
And he couldn't leave Carlos alone for anything in the world.
He put the body in a visible place
because he could talk and study the situation with an inspector.
But a rookie inspector arrived.
He couldn't be trusted and had to keep quiet about it
until the will was made public.
Now I understand.
Did I make a mistake on any point, Mr. Hickson Tanaka?
Everything went as you explained.
You didn't get a single comma wrong.
If you want to appear before the police,
I'll introduce you to an extraordinary inspector.
Please do so.
I know I can trust you, Mr. Yusaku.
(Off) "After two hours, Inspector Megure arrived and took Mr. Tanaka and Mr. Yusaku away.
and took Mr. Tanaka and Keiko to the police station.
"Carlos, who barely understood Japanese,
followed the marching car with a sad expression on his face.
But when the father said to him in Portuguese, 'He'll be back soon.'
he rejoiced like a child.
"In order to protect him, Mr. Tanaka had told him nothing.
"He knew nothing about the inheritance,
nor that that had been the house where his father had lived.
Finally, that long night was over."
What do you mean?
You felt my voice?
Yes!
Dr. Agasa left me a receiver
that received the signal emitted by the voice modifier.
If I had found those letters,
I would have found out that the man was an impostor.
No, I knew the guy was a fake before I saw the letters.
Yes?
Tell me about it.
Because of the scar on his leg.
When a lefty covers first base, he stretches out his left leg.
But that one had the scar on the right.
I'm going through the whole warehouse, and I found the letters.
Shinichi, your observation skills are still not good enough.
You're so posh!
You followed me like a desperate man, disguised as a thief!
What was that, "I'm just a novelist"?
Who do you think you are, Detective Akechi Kogoro himself?!
You don't have a grandmother, handsome!
Run along.
I'm through with you!
Yukiko...
Au, we're leaving.
And what else?!
So much they do to you, the others.
"Let's go", you say?
What do you take me for?
What are you doing, Shinichi?
We'll leave you here!
Y... yes.
(Off) "It seems that besides the case,
you've resolved the arguments in your marriage.
All in one move."
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.

Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
-Goodbye, Shinichi!
-Give my regards to Ran.
By the way, you'd better tread lightly with her.
I don't know why, but that smile gives me a bad feeling.
Listen to her.
If you take advantage of women, you'll get scalded.
You've learned your lesson.
Ah!
Adéééééu!
Don't smoke, don't smoke that...
I'm already... home.
Hello.
Dr. Agasa explained everything to me.
What's...?
What did he...?
That I was planning to spend the night at a relative's house!
You could have told me!
I was so worried about you!
I called Shinichi's house but no one would come!
I'm... I'm so sorry.
(Thinking) He-he... You really scared me.

