"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star....
"My deductions are your medicine.
"Today we bring you the second part of a special episode.
He has the brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
(Title: "Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The famous detective cornered!
The case of the two great serial killings, part two.
(Think) "I know how to decipher this coded message!
"If I'm not mistaken, it means....
What a drag!
No more mines."
Do you have something to write with?
In the drawer there's a fountain pen.
What's that?
My husband kept it here.
And the pens he used to work magic with are gone.
How long are you going to stare at these numbers?
The girl must have marked them.
Since we took my daughter to the show,
it's likely she marked the numbers.
Then it's obvious:
That day, your husband didn't make any calls.
Surely...
You said that the murderer had poisoned the victim
before they left.
Yes!
It could be that he was made to take a capsule with the poison.
This would mean that the victim would have been here the whole time.
If they did that to me it would leave clues as to who the killer was.
And there's nothing to write down.
But I could do it with the phone...
If the victim had used the phone,
he would have called for help!
If the phone line hadn't been disconnected.
The... the phone line?
The... the phone line?
The murderer disconnected the phone line
to cut off your husband!
When the body was discovered, he reconnected it.
That's terrible!
Now we have 3 suspects: the 3 disciples!
For them, who have the art of deception, it is very easy!
Covering the phone with letters is also the work of the murderer!
(Off) "If when discovering the body someone had used the phone,
they would have discovered that it was disconnected.
"And her husband, seeing himself shut down and poisoned,
thought he must give some clue to the murderer.
There were no pens and no phone line.
All that was left for him to do was to use the redial function!
Even though the line was disconnected,
the phone was plugged into the mains
and could record an encrypted message.
To give clues as to what he had done, he left those letters!"
He dialed those numbers?
Yes.
And if he went back to hide the phone with the letters,
it was because if anyone called,
the numbers he had written would have been erased.
Besides, he did not want to leave it in sight so that the murderer would have deleted it!
We must clarify what these figures mean.
That's why I asked you... Here, take it.
It's my mechanical pencil.
You wanted to write, didn't you?
Some interesting idea came to you again, didn't it?
It doesn't do anything to you. Tell us about it?
It's no big deal.
The numbers before the first asterisk
are 1, 2, 6, 8, 8, 7, 1.
If I only had this, I wouldn't know where to shoot.
But if we look at the box where we find the numbers 126871,
we click on them in this order and we will find some singular shape.
"De!"
It's the letter "de"!
Wow, it reads like a "de"!
Wait a minute, then the following: 3, 2, 4, 8, 9 are the ce!
As the digits are divided by the asterisks into 4 groups, there are 4 signs,
there are 4 signs.
It only remains to add what 1, 3, 5, 4, 8 and 1, 3, 9, 7 say!
The message he left just before he died is....
From... D, C, Mako?
-You mean the Mako? -Yes, it's possible.
So, my husband's murderer is...
We can't conclude that it was her.
Maybe he addressed the message to the Mako.
We don't even know what the "DC" before "Mako" means.
It's amazing, she has figured out the shapes described with numbers!
It is extraordinary!
Of course, extraordinary.
Father, this deduction will make you famous!
And now!
It's no big deal!
Ha-ha-ha!
(Thinking) Ran...

But what do you mean, DC?
That they carry DC we have... Don Curtis, Washington DC...
After Christ...
Da Capo.
It often appears in the scores, no?
It's spelled DC, and it reads Da Capo!
My husband played the piano.
He must have seen these initials on sheet music.
Hey, what does Da Capo mean?
That you have to play the piece again from the beginning.
(At the same time) That it is repeated?!
Your daughter has gone out with Miss Mako?
-Yes, to buy.
EN-We can get in touch?
Yes.
The Mako always carries a pager.
(Pager sounds)
Come on, it's your mother, Ayano.
Maybe she wants us to come home.
What?!
I want to stay with you longer, Mako!
You said you'd take me somewhere fun.
I'll take you there.
It's a very fun place, pretty girl.
That the Mako wants to kill my daughter?!
Yes, it is possible that she wants to kill her.
The message "DC Mako" will mean:
"The Mako will commit another murder"!
It can't be.
I will warn the other disciples!
We'll split up and go look for them!
Ayano!
Mako!
Where are you going?!
Ayanoooo!
Ayanoooo!
-Ayanoooo! -Ayanoooo!
No way!
Where should they be?
We can't find them.
-And you? -No, not a trace.
We called the police to look for them.
Why did you kill my husband?
He must have had something to do with that boy.
The one in the office photo, the black top hat.
On Yoshiro Kinoshita?
I knew it.
That cool magician who died 14 years ago?
Sanada, did you know?
Yes, I saw it.
One day at midnight, when I went down to the office,
the Mako was hugging that photograph with great affection.
I thought there had been something between them.
She is prodigious, my word.
In the midst of the hustle and bustle,
the Mako cut the strings of the master's rings
and connected the line before us.
Wow!
Have you figured it out yet?
Ma... Mako?!
Ayano!
Ayano!
She's fine.
She just fell asleep.
I would have liked to give her a longer and deeper sound...
like my brother's.
-Brother?
-Brother?
Yes.
He was the boy you were talking about, in Yoshiro Kinoshita.
We were 14 years apart.
When he was 20, he was already a genius with all the honors of a great magician.
And for me, who had no parents, he was the only family I had.
But that man treated my brother very badly.
That damned Motoyasu Tsukumo was envious of my brother's gift!
My husband was not like that.
What I say is true.
I saw it!
(Off) "Fourteen years ago,
your husband tampered with the handcuffs
that my brother had to use.
And he choked to death while rehearsing so he couldn't get them off."
Naturally, they considered that to be an accident
he suffered while rehearsing.
So he became Tsukumo's disciple in order to avenge him.
Yes, they kind of changed my surname to that of my adoptive parents,
that man didn't realize who he was.
He killed my brother the day I was 7 years old.
That's why I killed him
the day before the seventh anniversary of the Fast!
After I made him drink the poison, I told him who I was,
but he remained impassive.
Then I told him, "You murder your daughter!"
And he lost his cool.
I am sorry.
I had to do it to protect my position.
If you want to kill me!
But not my daughter!
I was going with the idea of murdering your child but I've changed my mind.
She's not to blame for all this.
Anyway, what a foolish man.
When I told him "Look at this new magic number" he shut up,
let me put the string on the rings and took the capsule.
I'm surprised that was the best magician in Japan!
That's where you're wrong, Mako.
The master knew perfectly well.
He knew that you wanted to assassinate him.
No, that can't be true!
One day, I saw him holding your brother's picture.
When he realized that I was there, he said to me:
"Don't tell anyone what you have seen until the time comes".
But in the end you won, Mako,
your set-up fooled the police.
The posthumous message from the master
is no valid evidence in a court of law.
Now that he has discovered my trick, I don't want to go on any stage.

I plan to go to the police to pull back the curtain.
Also, I am sorry for having put Ayano
in the same situation I experienced.
"Next, we accompanied the Mako to the police.
"And upon returning to Kogoro's office,
we waited for the Ran to prepare dinner for us."
What a drag, it's already past 12 o'clock.
I'm hungry.
Ah!
How absent-minded!
I didn't buy anything to make dinner!
What?! What?!
No problem!
Conan and I will go and buy something.
Then hurry up, I'll be waiting for you.
For... excuse me, Ran.
If you want to go to the supermarket, it doesn't go this way.
It would be better if we went back to Kogoro's office and...
You're right, you're right.
We have to go back...
...at your place.
Wha... What do you mean?
It's Shinichi's house, isn't it?
What outlets do you have.
Of course you always do the same thing.
You've been fooling us all this time...
Haven't you...?
...Shinichi?
You're Shinichi, aren't you?
How do you want me to be Shinichi, me?
What a silly thing to say!
Of course you're Shinichi!
That deductive ability...
And you've got musical knowledge to die for!
You nailed it! But take a good look at me!
I'm just a kid.
You must have drunk a strange concoction of Dr. Agasa!
(He thinks) He knows what he's talking about...
Enough with the comedy!
I want to clarify a lot of things!
(Think) Help!
Do you have any proof?
Well, don't say things without rhyme or reason.
I have one right here.
You are nailed to a person I know very well!
Is that me, you know what?
Come on, come clean, Shinichi!
(Woman) Wow!
It's you, Ran?!
What are you doing in front of his house, at this hour?
You're Shinichi's mother, aren't you?
When did you get back from L.A.?
Just now.
I caught the last flight.
I had some problems.
(Thinking) If the mother says anything out of place...
Boy, behind you there's...
Just in the nick of time.
Now we'll check if I'm right.
If it's your mother, she'll confirm it!
Wow.
Aren't you Conan?!
Long time no see!
What's up?
You knew this child?
Yes!
He's the grandson of my grandfather's brother's daughter's cousin's uncle's daughter's cousin's grandfather's brother.
But you said he was related to Dr. Agasa.
Of course he is!
Because Dr. Agasa is a distant relative!
Doesn't he look too much like Shinichi when he was little?
Is he?
In Conan he's smarter.
Your mother's name was Fumiya, right? Yes!
Are you kidding me?
But an elementary school kid wouldn't make deductions like that!
Shinichi must have put a lot of things in his little head.
Shinichi and Conan...? Right?
I love her very much, Shinichi!
But still...
Ran, my pretty, think a little.
Do you think Shinichi would do something like that to her?
Ran, you scare me...
Ran, you scare me...
Forgive me, Conan!
I got confused again!
Forget everything I just said!
I'll make you a great burger in return!
Yes!
Wait, would you mind if I took care of the child for a few days?
I'll take advantage of the fact that I have a few days off.
Yes... as you wish...
Well then, I'll see you, Conan!
Good night, Conan!
Good night, Ran! Be careful, pretty girl!
(adult voice) What did you come here for?
Don't tell me it's because of the fight.
Don't talk like that to the one who saved your skin.
Saved my skin?
Dr. Agasa told me.
He told me you had bathed with the Ran.
Do you know what I would have done with you with a karate chop?!
So much so, that's it.
Did you tell the father that you were coming?
I didn't tell him anything!
Wow, mother!
So I can live with my Shinichi for a little while.
You devil.
Don't drag me into your problems!
It's just that when I'm with you, now that you're so small,
I feel rejuvenated.
Au reiet, come eat porridge with mommy.
Let go of me!
What?
Where am I?
What the hell's wrong?
Have you woken up yet, Shinichi?
Ma... mother?
I've come back to Japan to do something very important.
What important thing?
Answer me!
(Girl) Yuki!
You finally came!
Thank you so much!
If a great friend asked me, I'd fly anywhere!
-Others.
What about Yusaku and Shinichi? -Well, they are very busy.

But instead of them I have taken this little one!
Don't say this one...
I had him in Los Angeles, he is my second son, in Conan!
He is a boy but he is very smart!
This means that your relationship is going great!
You see.
Tell me, girl.
What was it, what you wanted me to investigate?
Well look, actually...
Eh?
Hiromi, do we have guests?
Uncle Yoshifusa!
Do you remember?
It's Yukiko.
He used to come to play at home.
Long time no see!
I don't remember anything about her.
As I've lived so many years in Brazil...
Of course, of course.
Do it quietly, as if you were going home!
Come on, Carlos!
Caro... Carlos?
He's a friend that uncle Yoshifusa brought from Brazil.
By the way, tell me what do you think of uncle Yoshifusa?
-What do I think? -About the way he looks, the way he talks.
We used to play very often with Uncle Yoshifusa,
but he left before I started elementary school,
so I don't know what to tell you...
Do you want me to investigate her?
Do you suspect something?
Yes, I do.
He's been back from Brazil for 3 days, but he seems different.
He's strange.
You just have to make him and your father meet.
It's impossible for them to meet.
Because my father died of cancer last month.
Of... of cancer?!
And the mother has been dead for more than 15 years.
And all of uncle's friends have also died.
The only ones who have seen uncle the most are the two of us.
But why are you so worried?
Because of the inheritance.
Beloved!
We're all nervous.
We suspect that this old man is an impostor...
who wants to take the father's estate.
The father was the landowner with the most land in the whole region.
According to the lawyer, the father wrote a will some time ago.
A clause says that when its contents are made public,
those who are not present will receive nothing.
You don't know when the will will be made public?
The mourning period will end tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
If we don't unmask this old man in these hours we will be lost.
Our share of the inheritance cannot diminish.
Maybe it won't remain a diminution.
According to the contents of the will, we could be left with nothing.
We must do something before tomorrow.
(Think) Where did they come from, these leeches?
Damn it!
Are there any old photos left that we can look at?
Uncle Yoshifusa took them to Brazil and there's not a single one left.
Listen, this could be that gentleman, right?
Look, you guys go out, mother.
Yes, that's him in the middle of the photo!
It's the guy, I'm sure of it!
But he's so young here that he's no use to us as a reference.
Besides, he's wearing a cap.
But what memories, girl!
It's the neighborhood baseball tournament.
The guy got nailed and his leg was badly injured.
Yes.
He got a handful of stitches.
So, he must have a scar, right?
Courage, Hiromi, go ahead!
-Uncle, would you like a cup of tea? -Yes, thank you.
Aaah!
What a mess!
I'm sorry, it's gone!
It's gone!
-The scar is gone!
-What do you mean?!
A scar?
You must mean this one here, right?
30 years ago, at a baseball game,
a runner drove his boot spikes into my leg.
-That's right.
He's got the scar! Are we supposed to believe it's him?
I figured you doubted me.
As my brother said, none of you are any good!
It was a good precaution, hard on Carlos!
He's a bodyguard I hired in Brazil!
-A bodyguard? - A bodyguard?!
Why did you have to carry ?!
I had reason to hire one, see this letter.
Someone sent it to me!
"You have no right to inheritance. If you value your life, don't come back."
The... life?
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN

