"The handle of a spinning clock, a shooting star..."
"My deductions are your medicine."
"Today we bring you the first part of a special chapter."
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
(Title: "Nazo") Kono yo Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai.... Aaaah!
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Sutto.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori!
Kono yo Anata no ay wo has ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai... Aaaah!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The famous detective cornered!
The case of the two great serial killings, part one.
(Female) You mean you hear me, Shinichi?
(Adult voice) Yes, of course I'm listening, Mother.
Do you know what he did, your father?
He left in the morning and showed up drunk!
I'm fed up!
What do you want to do?
Father is a popular writer.
He has many commitments.
What commitments are we talking about?!
He's back with lipstick on his shirt!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
I'll give him the jump too!
Come on, don't get on.
Now I have things to do, bye.
What happened?
Yukiko called, didn't she?
She's been bugging me.
The father came back drunk and gave her the jump.
The jump?!
It's a misunderstanding!
After my father there is only room for deductions.
Besides, for those two to argue is the daily bread.
According to the saying: "the more quarrels, the more friends".
Changing the subject: how are you doing, you?
How am I doing?
With the Ran!
Are things going well with you?
Every time I call her she gets on my nerves.
She asks me "can you tell me when you are coming back?
I can't wait to tell her that I'll see her.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ow, don't talk like that.
You could drop some case, and he could go out and have some fun.
Autumn is the season of lovers.
Yeah, the season of love...
I'm home.
Stay out of it!
What do you mean?
I'm doing you a favor by introducing you to a client.
Nobody asked you to do me this favor!
Do whatever you want.
But I don't want to know anything, if you have problems... famous detective!
Thank you for taking an interest in me, famous lawyer lady!
Shit!
(Think) "They're on edge here too with marital disputes."
"This is the season of love ?! Come on!"
"But I recognize that autumn makes one come hungry."
"Ran, come back soon, please! I'm starving."
I'm home!
Hello.
What's up?
If you look at Conan he's sleeping on the couch!
That's good.
What's he thinking, falling asleep here?
Ouch... Ouch... I'm hungry.
Yes, of course you are.
I'll fix you something!
When you go to sleep you should take your glasses off.
This face... I've seen it before...
Welcome back, Ran.
Give me back my glasses immediately!
Conan, come to think of it, you always have them on.
Even when you sleep.
Why is that?
Well, it's obvious, woman!
Because I don't see well!
If I don't wear glasses I get very nervous.
That's why I always wear them.
(Knock and open the door)
Excuse me.
Is this Detective Kogoro Mouri's office?
Yes.
(Kogoro) So it was you.
That lead woman wanted me to take over the case.
Who is "that lead"?
I think it was Eri Kisaki, your mother.
Oi, Kogoro?
What are you saying, now!
What do you say, now?
Did your mother ask you?!
Does this mean she's made up?
It's like you're back to being a married couple!
Ran, don't run so fast.
I was really surprised, she got a call from your mother.
Children shouldn't talk about grown-ups' things!
What's wrong with that?
I want mother to come home soon!
(Think) "Although it has complicated things."
Madam, what business has brought you here?
Yes.
I came because my husband died last week.
Don't tell me he was murdered?
No, it seems to us... he committed suicide.
It seems to you?
Last week I left home, leaving my husband alone.
"When I came back, as he was nowhere to be found,
I thought maybe it was the basement office..,
for my husband's exclusive use."
"When I went downstairs, I found him lying on the floor, his body cold."
Poison had been taken.

What was the poison?
The police told me it was called aconitine.
Aconitine?
Let's see, I could have sworn it was...
This poison paralyzes the nervous system.
It's extracted from the leaves or roots of aconite!
The lethal dose is two milligrams.
Death is within minutes.
Where did you get this?
From the mountains, they get it!
Many Chinese medicines are made from aconite.
I'm not asking you that.
How do you know that?
Ah... from, from TV!
To "Yaiba the masked one", a monster has said:
"With this aconitine I have extracted from aconite, I will kill you!"
How attentive.
He explains to you what the poison is made of.
(He thinks) "No monster would explain it to you, that."
Because you tell me, then, you discovered the corpse, didn't you?
Me and my husband's disciples.
Disciples?
Of it... it is that I and my husband are magicians.
Especially my husband, in Motoyasu Tsukumo,
has a worldwide fame.
In Motoyasu Tsukumo?
On the news they said that the genius of conjuring had died!
In Kogoro he only watches horse racing!
When we were little we went to see a magic show.
We had our picture taken with him.
There he met his wife, and she was our lawyer.
This explains why it is here.
Well yes, this is the reason for the visit.
I decided to follow the advice of our lawyer.
That's her!
Eh?
Wait a minute, this photo...
Have you found the photo?
No, it seems to me that I got confused.
And if you ask him how are those disciples?
Can you tell us anything?
Yes.
The first one is Kazumi Sanada, the ace of my company.
The second is the Mako Miyoshi.
She is stubborn but has a masterful skill.
No woman in the world can't beat her.
And the third is Yuji Momochi.
He has not long since become her disciple.
He is a diamond in the rough.
They are of very good stock,
they live at home and every day they practice conjuring techniques.
Where were the three of them that day?
They were with me, performing a conjuring show at the banquet of some hotel guests.
the banquet of some clients of the Beika hotel.
My husband had to come, but he didn't want to work for four reais.
Before leaving for the banquet, they were at home, weren't they?
Someone could have given him the poison.
Moderate, boy!
My husband died when we were doing the show.
But if they had put the poison in a capsule...
My husband would have noticed and called for help.
In the office I had a phone.
I could open the door from the inside.
Did anyone talk about sleeping pills?
No, because they found no traces in his system.
Besides, they didn't find any evidence that he had been tied up,
and nothing undivided that they had entered from outside.
It is clear that it was a suicide.
Yes, you may be right, Mr. Mouri,
but it's not clear to me that he wanted to commit suicide.
Why do you say that?
For the anniversary of the Ayano.
The next day was our daughter Ayano's birthday.
I had prepared a special gift for her more than a month ago.
I was looking forward to giving it to her.
Do you think it would make sense to commit suicide?
There is one more thing.
We found an object
on the table in my husband's office.
Wow, are those cards?
They've stuck an ace of spades with a jack of spades.
The police peeled them off, but found nothing inside.
I glued them back together for you to take a look.
It could be a magic act.
He didn't do magic with cards!
I've never seen this object before.
Let's go home just to check it out!
What "let's"?
You always get in the way.
I'll go, but alone!
Maybe it can be useful to you.
You've seen, Conan knows a lot of strange things.
But it is that...
Right?
Isn't it?
Well... Yes.
Hell, almost behave yourselves!
"At the magic show...
with Shinichi"
Oooh!
What an amazing mansion!
What else did you expect?
Mr. Motoyasu Tsukumo had a world-renowned fame.
Oi, Conan?
What do you say?
Bring us the basement office, where your husband died.
(Boy) Don't mail so much!
Momochi.
Excuse me, good morning, Miss.
Eh?

Pa... Talk to me?
Bonita, I'm sure you have worries that keep you awake at night.
It won't do you any good to hide it, I can see it clearly.
Because you're wearing this cute little dove in your hair.
How cool!
Now it's your turn, are you a new disciple?
Eh?
I am?
You're wrong.
It's the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
The famous one?
How come we have him here?
(Girl) You don't know?
It is evident that he has come to investigate
the causes of Master Motoyasu's death.
Oi, detective?
Little one!
Good morning, pretty and slender senyoreta.
Is it... Velta?
Aaaaaaaaaah!
(Think) "Blancas!"
Have you seen them?
What?
If you do a number with pigeons, do it like this!
Yes...
Why did the detective come?
The teacher committed suicide.
He came because he was not the kind of man who would commit suicide, right?
-Besides, the letters t'amoïnaven. - Letters?
Yes, these here.
They are these disturbing letters.
They were on the table in his office.
Ah, the ace and the jack of spades that are glued to the back.
You mean it's part of some kind of set-up?
According to the police it was a suicide.
I don't think it's in clear water.
Hey!
What the fuck are you doing?!
The only thing left to say
is that the two geniuses that were in this house, there is one left.
The mother who...!
It was an essential clue!
Nothing happens, the real one is in the pocket of his jacket.
Just a moment!
I've seen you.
It's the magician from that time!
He showed up disguised as Kid Cat,
the thief from the Suzuki group's birthday party.
Ah, that one...
I'm Kazumi Sanada.
The most sensible thing for him to do is to retire
before his good name is damaged.
His master is dead and he doesn't even flinch!
I don't think so.
Look at the cards you have used.
The backs of the cards have nothing to do with each other.
It's hard to believe he made this mistake.
Well, he's very upset.
He was very close to the master.
He treated my husband as if he were his father.
(thinks) "These are the 3 disciples."
Eh?
Conan?
You are from the small class, aren't you? Did you come to play with me?
No, I came to solve an assumpte.
What matter?
(Thinking) "Why, the Tsukumo's daughter."
Hey, I'm the one who has to settle a matter!
This little boy was just accompanying me, my dear!
Since you're here, you'll come shopping with me!
We'll go shopping for the dress I'll wear to the birthday party tomorrow!
You got the invitation, didn't you?
You have to come!
Now that you mention it...
Aw, come on, Conan!
Come on, let's go! Ah, it... Wait, wait, wait.
No way!
Conan is busy.
Maybe another day.
The children should be with the children.
Ayano, I'm sorry, but the mother can't go shopping either.
What?!
You promised me!
You're a liar!
And the father too!
Tomorrow is my birthday,
but the father is not back from abroad!
You're all liars!
Queen, will you come shopping with me?
I'll make you a beautiful dress and accessories, Ayano!
I'm sorry, little one...
Come on guys, back to the cage!
What, let's go?
You still haven't told her that her father is dead?
No.
We told her he was out.
What?
This pigeon isn't mine, it's Mako's.
It's strange, she's confused one of her pigeons.
It must be affected by all plegat.
I guess.
Magicians and conjurers don't show their emotions much.
You're the only normal, ordinary guy.
I'm a beginner, I can't consider myself a disciple.
-Well, I'm going to make dinner. Yes, please.
Does he always make dinner?
Normally, the newest disciple does the cooking.
Oh, I get it.
Well, let's head down to the basement where your husband died.
Hey, why exactly was this basement used?
It was the office where my husband rehearsed.
He was researching new ways to perform sleight-of-hand acts.
The disciples worked there from time to time.
What are they, so many pictures?
They're my man's disciples.
Those who have become independent, those who have retired...
I beg your pardon.
Who is he, that gentleman in the black hat?
Ah, you mean in Kinoshita!
He was a genius among geniuses.
About 14 years ago he had an accident while practicing,

and lost his life.
Why do you ask?
It's just that it's the only one with no dust on it.
Maybe someone keeps it clean.
Gee, you're right.
That was my husband.
He had loved her very much.
Ah, it was here.
He took the poison and fell in here.
Yes, the room is just as we found it.
The letters stuck were among the cards on the table.
We didn't touch anything.
It's funny, this wall is very thick.
Yes, he liked classical music and always listened to it.
That's why he had this room completely soundproofed.
I mean, even if someone knocked, no one could feel it.
Am I wrong?
But even if someone closed the door from the outside,
he could open it from the inside without difficulty.
If he had realized that he had been given a poison,
he would have gone out to call for help.
But he stayed.
I can't think of it as anything other than suicide.
I don't know... I don't know...
Look at the silhouette of the body.
He fell with his arms outstretched parallel to the body.
On TV they say that if you take a poison, you grab your neck...
The police made the same comment to me.
They found her posture strange.
When they discovered the body, your husband was not bound?
No.
I found him with his disciples,
nervous, we called an ambulance.
But we all declared that he was not bound.
Couldn't it be tied with a thinner thread?
Like they use in magic.
Silly.
They would have found some clue.
If there was any evidence left, the police would have found it!
(thinks) "A ring!"
When this gentleman died, he was wearing these rings?
Yes, at the end of his numbers, he wore rings,
and with invisible threads he made objects move.
It is possible that on that day,
my husband was rehearsing that number.
But he only wore the ring.
Then he can be tranquil-la.
Tranquil-la?
Of course I can, look!
If I had my hands tangled like that with the thread,
I'd lose the mobility of my body!
If you can't use your hands, standing up costs money.
Nor can you turn the doorknob.
Ah!
Of course!
It must have been bound with the threads of the rings
or something else, probably by the thumbs!
Since he was wearing rings, it was obvious that he would get marks.
But cut them off,
the police would only see marks from someone wearing rings.
Your husband was poisoned before you came out!
They cut the thread when they discovered the body!
You mean my husband...
That's right!
Your husband was murdered!
He was one of the people who discovered the body with you!
It can't be so.
What sense can they have, those cards?
How? The ace and the jack...
This is no time to think about sleight of hand!
What's more, even if I couldn't move my big fingers,
I could press the keys on the phone.
You're right too, daughter.
Now that you're talking about the phone.
When we found the body, I lost my temper.
We went upstairs right away and I didn't notice,
but the phone was covered with letters.
(Think) "Covered with letters?"
The killer wanted to hide the phone so the victim couldn't call.
But if what he was desperately looking for, there's no mystery, finding it.
It is also true.
So, this is the phone."
Hey, Kogoro, show me the letters from before!
Look at this phone icon.
It has the same shape as the letters!
The redial button.
Exactly, these letters want to tell us: "press redial".
They were a posthumous message.
If my deduction is correct, someone will answer!
Someone to whom he entrusted the last message while he was alive!
(Female voice) The number you have dialed does not correspond to any phone.
The police also called,
but they thought my daughter had dialed it.
(Think) "How do you understand? What are they, these numbers?!"
Hey, man, what are you pointing at?
What the fuck is this?
A coded message?
Udosivuseu, tredoquavuno...
Xxxt!
Don't distract him, father!
Eh?
Who am I distracting?!
(Think) "Wait!"
"Don't tell me these figures mean this..."
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo

hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN

