(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the riddles of a case are even more exciting.
"I'm glad to have met you. What will it taste like, today's wine?
"Don't judge the quality by the label alone.
It has the brain of an adult and it's...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The last toast
I don't quite get it.
It's strange.
How come we've been invited?
No idea.
Aren't you looking forward to it?
Of course I'm not!
Now that damned Kotaro Ichikawa is president of Ichikawa Industries.
The bastard's been climbing the ladder with shady schemes.
He has no scruples.
Why did you accept, then?
The life of the great ones is full of complications, daughter!
(He thinks) "He's right too.
He hasn't had a job for quite a while."
I suppose you are Mr. Mouri.
Yes.
We've been waiting for you.
Come in.
They must be having a party.
They always organize one to bring the family together
on the president's birthday.
-Mr. Mouri is here, sir. -Come in.
This is Mr. Ichikawa.
Thank you very much for coming.
For the record, I haven't accepted your offer yet.
Imamura...
100,000 yen?!
You intend to pay this pittance to the great Kogoro Mouri?!
Hey, Kogoro.
What's the matter? It's not 100,000.
Guaita, 1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000, 100,000... Ah!
One... one million?!
I have another million to reward you if you get it.
What do you want me to do, master?
(Think) What donkey.
My two daughters have come to the family party today.
I want you to keep a discreet eye on them and find out what the hell's on their minds.
-Sir, I'm retiring. Do it, I don't care.
Explain to them my state of health.
If you continue to make these efforts,
I can't guarantee you a good quality of life.
It is getting to be time for me to retire.
I have to decide who will succeed me in office.
One of your daughters, right?
Not necessarily.
Even if they are my daughters,
I will not divide my assets to give to disloyal people!
There are clauses stipulating the legal share of the heirs.
You must give your daughters a share of the inheritance.
Yes.
If there were any problems with the heirs, everything would be different.
Problems?
Some are being prepared.
It seems to me that something unpleasant is going to happen.
What do you mean?
I have told everyone that you are distant relatives.
I beg you to investigate this matter thoroughly.
Yes.
(Thinking) "La Ran and I are here to keep up appearances.
But he's still a despot."
Cheers! Cheers!
Mr. Mouri, that's Miss Kazue, the eldest daughter.
She currently runs an art gallery.
Imamura, may I meet this guest?
Of course, this is Mr. Mouri, a friend of your father's.
How do you do?
Ah, a friend!
Was it any hardship for you to come?
I hope you didn't feel obliged to come.
Not at all, I'm sorry to be in the way of my family.
We're having a very pleasant time.
If it isn't you, sister!
I thought you weren't coming.
You know I couldn't miss it.
I'm the heiress of the Ichikawa family.
I don't think father wants to make you the heiress.
You've always done your
and you left home after arguing with him.
Let's talk about you, then.
Since you don't suffer from seeing him anymore, you're going to get married hastily.
By the way, they put a complaint in your art gallery, right?
Yes, for selling counterfeit works!
What's wrong with you?
(Think) Fool one, fool the other.
Both one and the other have really... lousy character.
(Think) "It's the Kazue!
"A syringe! What's in its head?!
"What's in it?!
"Damn it! Chloroform... chloroform...
Where did she go, Conan?!
I thank you for having gathered all on my birthday.
Soon I will leave my position as president of the company.
That is, I'm retiring.
(Expressions of surprise)
As for my shares,
I have decided to sell them to Nichiuri Industries
and cede full control of the company's management to them.
But pre... chairman, what will become of all of us?

If you wish to continue with the company,
he will have to prove his skills to the new owners.
And what will you do with the huge capital you will get from selling the company?
What I do is up to me!
I won't give you a penny!
And neither will my daughters!
"I have let myself be beaten! Now I must work hard!
"Surely, what he put in the wine was poison!
Why did he want to use it?"
I will not oppose the decision you have made, father.
Neither will I.
I've brought out this bottle of wine from the '57 vintage
to commemorate your retirement.
These kinds of wines take on a special value
because knowledgeable people like you drink them.
When people who don't know how to appreciate them drink them, we waste them.
You have.
However, they seem to want it.
We haven't heard from Conan in a while.
Ouch!
Ay, ay!
AAAA!
What now?
I've got it!
Said and done!
But alas, alas, alas...
(Girls screaming)
Ran!
Co... Conan!
What happened to him, sir? Well, he fainted!
Chairman!
How did you find him?
-Father! -Father!
Call the police!
This is not a natural death!
The police must examine him.
(Think) A drink?
And immediately after taking the wine has fainted.
Yes.
She has been murdered!
However weak she was, it is absurd that she died from it.
The wine would have been poisoned!
What are you insinuating?
That the poison was given to her by me?!
-Yes.
I can't think of anything else.
Y-You're a monster!
Do you have any evidence to accuse him?!
Ask Dr. Okano.
He knew how the father was.
Mr. Ichikawa had a weak heart,
but not weak enough to die suddenly.
-Look what you have done! -How dare you accuse me?
I guess you don't mind us inspecting what you have on you.
Dr. Okano, could you tell us what was in this little bottle?
It looks like some kind of muscle sedative.
What would be the effects of administering this drug to Mr. Ichikawa?
It would be very dangerous even for a healthy body.
Considering that he had a chronic condition....
(Thinking) "No doubt she put the drug in the bottle.
But then, who attacked me?"
What motive could she have, Miss Kazue?
Her art gallery was going from bad to worse for the accumulated loans.
Mr. Ichikawa had said he wouldn't give a penny to anyone.
But he knew that the law stipulates the legal share for the heirs.
He should end up giving us a share of the inheritance.
(Thinking) "Did his little sister attack me?
"Maybe she has realized her sister's intentions
and has shut me down to prevent me from stopping her.
"If I put the blame on the older sister, she would be the sole heir to an inheritance,
she would be the sole heir to an immense fortune.
A key?
Which door would it be?"
Sir, listen sir...
Can you tell me where is it from, this key?
It seems to me that it is the key to the cellar.
Sir never came down.
(He thinks) "It can't be!
The one who attacked me and locked me in the cellar was the Ichikawa!
"And even though he knew the wine was poisoned, he drank it!
"It's absurd...
"The lens of a camera!
"The cable up to the ceiling!
"She wanted it to record the person who murdered her?
"This smell...
"Indeed, Mr. Ichikawa did not drink the wine!
"He knew perfectly well that the Kazue had tampered with the wine
and poured it here.
"He has made it appear that it was taken and that he was in acute pain.
"He wanted to see how his daughters reacted.
"But we know she has taken some kind of poison.
"It's not clear to me. How could they have given him the poison ?!
(He thinks) casum!
He's running up and down again!
"If the cause is not the wine,
"We put that they've made him ingest a capsule somehow.
"No. There's not enough time margin!
"It's impossible for anyone to have administered the poison in front of everyone.
Administer..."
Got it!
The only person who was qualified to do it was him!
Demon Marrec!
Why the hell did you come in here?
Ouch!
A!
Aaaaaaaa...
(Think) Let's see.
I'm ashamed of having failed as a doctor.
Do not talk like that.
It's not your fault, doctor.
(Kogoro voice) Sorry to keep you waiting.

I have finally understood what the truth is.
Gather everyone in the office.
The truth?
What do you mean, Mouri?
There is no doubt that Miss Kazue put poison in the wine.
But Mr. Ichikawa didn't drink that wine!
He didn't even taste it!
I don't understand anything.
He pretended to drink it, but he put her to a test.
Did she have a heart attack?
No, she died of paralysis of the heart caused by a poison.
This doesn't make any sense!
She was murdered by my sister!
Mr. Ichikawa didn't know he would die while pretending either.
He had faith in you until the end.
You had to investigate them because he didn't trust them.
Yes, he did.
Believe me.
That's why he put you to the test.
Ran, start the video.
Oh, I see.
What is this?
It was all part of a plan he had devised himself.
Mr.
Ichikawa had a chronic heart disease.
He made it look like he was having an attack
to see how his daughters would react.
But his plans had been upset.
He had learned that the Kazue was trying to assassinate him.
Then...
then he decided to make it look like he was taking the muscle sedative.
The cause of death is supposed to be that sedative, isn't it?
Yes.
But it wasn't given to him mixed with wine or food.
It was injected in a more direct way.
But no one had enough time to administer any substance.
It's true, we would have seen it.
That's right, we would have seen it.
The killer injected him with the sedative without flinching.
Ran, pause the video, please.
Hey ?!
It can't be!
Yes.
Dr. Okano, you're the only one who could do it.
Instead of a cardiac tonic you injected him with a sedative!
You were aware of Mr. Ichikawa's plans, right?
He wouldn't have been able to carry out his comedy
without the collaboration of his doctor.
Because if you had been present,
after he had examined you, he would have said that it was all a farce.
it would have fallen apart.
You are the only person to whom he had entrusted his plan.
I don't know the motives,
but you have seized the opportunity and have proposed to assassinate him.
We all knew that Mr. Ichikawa had a weak heart.
And if you examined her yourself as a doctor,
no one would suspect anything.
Why would you do that?
The doctor had nothing to do with the inheritance!
He probably wanted revenge.
He wanted him dead.
If a doctor like you wanted him murdered,
he had it very easy so that no one would suspect anything.
He would tell you that he was suffering from a minor ailment,
and his character would do the rest.
He would continue to work without considering retirement.
His life would be wasted and he would eventually die.
But he preferred to end his life.
He hated it, to death.
It's as simple as that.
The president.
I died in Kotaro Ichikawa to avenge my father.
My father and the Ichikawa were partners
when they started doing business.
That was about 30 years ago.
The trading company they founded was a great success.
However, this man betrayed my father
and kicked him out of the company.
(Off) "From that day on father collapsed.
"He constantly repeated it to me when I was still a child.
"My mother died before I started high school.
The father also squandered his life and let himself die."
Later, when I was already a doctor, this man appeared.
The bastard didn't even realize who he was.
(Off) "When he explained to me the plan that he had
to test the feelings of his daughters, I made the decision,
I made the decision.
"That he would test someone's trust,
when he had betrayed so many people,
was more than I could bear.
I couldn't stand it!
("Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Well, I have a pile of work!
I have to sort out what my father left me.
Miss!

The gentleman left a last request.
If anything happened to him,
He wanted his estate to be given to charity.
I will not allow you to be so selfish!
(Butler) But think that this is mentioned in writing in the will.
Hey, there is the legal part of the heirs.
Therefore, I'll keep as much as I can.
Miss Mizu... What do you want?
You misappropriated some shares of the company.
The members of the board of directors have sued you for embezzlement.
No... No!
No!
Noooo!
Well, it's true,
in the end Mr. Ichikawa didn't get a single yen.
Eh!
What the hell is going to happen to this house?
I guess they'll make a donation.
And what about the remuneration for my work?
You've been paid a million.
And the other million?!
Forget it, father.
No vuuuuull!
Hey!
Quiet here!
What the hell are you doing, kiddo?!
What now?
Are you going to tell me he's here by chance?
I always find you in the way, Mouri!
Please, inspector, don't call so much.
I've had a hangover for two days.
And the next chapter...
The murder of the famous ceramists' house, first part

