(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the enigmas of a case are even more exciting.
"Today's pottery is the work of a genius.
He has the brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Did you get a call from Kikuemon?!
Yes, and he called me personally.
By the way, who is he, this Kikuemon?
Don't you know that Kikuemon is a Living National Treasure?
He is a ceramist and porcelain artist.
I thought he was a Kabuki actor or something.
What an idea...
And what did that important man want from you?
He will explain it to me in detail when we meet
this Saturday at his house, in Nishitama.
He told me to bring the family.
Then he didn't call you for any investigation.
I wouldn't know what to tell you.
Maybe he wants me to go with the family because we're unnoticed.
Unnoticed?
Yes, to keep people from realizing we're there to investigate.
In fact, he preferred to come and do the job for me here,
but since it will soon be 80 years...
You are what there is no such thing!
You always get to the bottom of it!
If the Kikuemon potter and national treasure asks me,
it means I'm a detective who deserves to be a National Treasure!
(Thinking) "This exaggeratedly optimistic character
really deserves to be a national treasure, silly."
The murder of the famous potters' house, part one.
Wow!
Extraordinary color, extraordinary shape!
You can tell it was created by master Kikuemon,
all Living National Treasure!
Please stop calling me "National Treasure".
Think that I am not an object, I am a human being.
There you go, bonica.
Moltes gracias.
Accept this humble gift, please.
Oh!
They are biscuits!
What an illusion.
They are my favorite sweets.
Mr. Kikuemon, what did you want to talk to me about?
You want me to investigate if your young wife is unfaithful?
No man, no!
She was my son's wife.
She always takes care of me and my things.
Two years ago my son and her had an accident
and he left this world.
I feel very bad for him.
I called you here today for one reason only.
I wanted to give you my opinion about you.
Your latest deductions can't avoid some flaws.
Defects, you say?
But what are you talking about?
Yes, I am, sir.
For example, last month...
Don't be so harsh, Father.
Speak more tactfully.
You know, detective, the father is a great admirer of yours!
Ma... Masuko!
A big fan?
Yes!
Every time Mr. Mouri solves an enigma he gets excited!
I'm going to inadvertently damage the archive of his case articles...
Stop it, woman!
In fact you are absolutely right.
-Oh, he has come! -It's him in person!
Who are they, these two?
They are my disciples, I'll introduce them.
The Arita.
He has made remarkable progress and has devised some extraordinary pieces.
I'm very pleased.
Seto, on the other hand, has gradually fallen into a stalemate.
It's just that I'm in bad shape.
-Because you imitate the master. -Shut up, you bore.
Now seriously, try harder, Seto.
You said you'd be the sixth to perpetuate the Kikuemon name.
The sixth?
"Kikuemon" is the title bestowed by the master from generation to generation.
I am the fifth.
This later, now show us it.
Which piece have you chosen, Mr. Mouri?
Yes, speak.
Guys, don't get overwhelmed.
We haven't talked about it yet.
What are you talking about, maestro?
I want you to accept one of my pieces.
I would have liked to take one home with me,
but we'd rather you came and picked one out yourself.
Au, triï'n one.
You can choose any of these pieces.
You mean I can?
They are masterpieces that cost no less than a few million.
A few million?!
Hey, father, cut yourself some slack.
You can't take it.
I know I can't.
Well, then...
Maybe I'll keep this glass for tea!
It's going well, isn't it?
It's extraordinary, you, detective.
You have very good eyesight.
I've won the bet.
The bet?
All of us at home had made a bet

to see who would guess the piece I would choose.
And you have made this magnificent choice, as I suspected.
You have chosen this yunomi cup, a piece of great value.
(Thinking) Chance, pure chance.
I wasn't planning to offer it to anyone, but you can keep it.
B-but father.
Ah, I forgot,
the Fusuimaru is my new work that will see the light soon.
I want you to see it.
The doors?
Yes, right now.
Oh!
Caram now that I think about it, I don't see the Otani.
Now it's baked.
Perfect.
Mr. Mouri, do you want to come and see the oven?
Uh... yes.
Excuse me, this glass, how much should it cost, more or less?
If we had to put a price on it,
this yunomi glass would cost about 10 million yen.
Ten... ten million?!
Caram, the master has beaten us again.
We shouldn't have made that bet.
Ten million?
One thousand... One thousand 10,000 yen bills?
Oh!
What a big oven!
What, Otani, is it ready?
Well, we can fire the pottery before dinner.
What are they, this pile of pottery pieces?
The pieces that the lady broke.
She broke them?
Did she do it herself?
Yes, she knows a lot about ceramics.
If she considers that the piece is not good enough,
she doesn't show it to the master and breaks it.
My son didn't just fall in love with her for the sake of it.
After I die, I will entrust her exclusively with the choice of my successor.
the choice of who should succeed me and inherit the name of Kikuemon.
But she is too strict lately, isn't she?
Yes.
She has only given me two good ones this month!
Well, she hasn't accepted any of my applications in 3 months.
I'm on the verge of despair.
The doubts of the heart are immediately reflected in the pieces.
When I make them driven by these negative feelings, the pieces become stubborn and stubborn,
the pieces become stubborn and perverse.
Remember the triad that keeps the mind framed in deep serenity.
(Woman's cry)
-Hey, it's Mrs. Masuko!
-To the storehouse?
No!
It can't be!
-The Fusuimaru! -But what has he done?!
I'm very sorry.
When I was trying to climb up the ladder, he fell on me.
Me, me... and that's why...
Stop it.
Everything that takes shape, breaks.
The Fusuimaru has returned to where it came from, the earth.
My disciples will take care of it.
And you prepare a good meal to welcome Lord Mouri.
I'm a little tired.
Don't wake me up until dinner time.
It's the curse of the Otani,
the pieces always end up shattered.
No, they don't!
Do you want me to give you a hand?
No, I'll put everything back in order.
Wait in the living room.
As you wish.
(thinks) "This...
is a bullet."
(outrageous laughter)
Not enough sake?!
Take it away, take a carafe of it!
-The lady doesn't know how to drink, does she? -When she drinks, her temper changes.
Do you really want us to keep that valuable object?
You don't need to pay her compliments!
After all, the father doesn't have many years left to live either.
I know... madam!
So much so.
I have to admit that at this age, I can only create two pieces in
that are of quality.
I understood that last year you publicly presented 10 pieces.
Let the pottery be and tell us more of your cases!
Of course you can!
Then explain s that one!
The one on Tsukikage Island!
The one of the Mist Goblin!
I'll explain what happened at the alumni reunion.
You've already explained it to us before.
He also explained the one about the museum and the one about the craftsman.
Ah, right... Well, let's see...
(Thinking) These three must be the only ones he has solved while awake.
Madam, if you fall asleep here you will catch cold.
Once you've had your fill of sake, you can't wake her up easily.
Let's go.
I'll take her to her room.
-Don't be long in coming back!
-Don't suffer, man!
(Revelry)
(Off) "They continued to party well into the night.
"They forgot their worries,
"they drank in spurts and made quite a racket.
"After a few hours,
an event was to take place that we would never forget.
An unpleasant incident was in the making."
Oysters!
It's already 8 o'clock!
Can you wake up Masuko?
I want her to make some tea and something to eat.

Ran, have you slept here too? Does it bother you?
Mr. Mouri, it's morning!
Mr. Mouri.
He sleeps like a log.
No wonder, master.
After all, he's the "Sleeping Kogoro".
That's true too!
Of that... I found Madame Masuko's chamber empty.
That's strange.
Where did she go?
Perhaps she has gone out to buy well of hour.
Shall we try calling her?
Mrs. Masuko has a cell phone.
Yes, please do.
Maybe she's planning to give us a meal that's too heavy.
That's weird, she doesn't.
Oh!
What is it, this noise?
The noise of a piece breaking.
We don't make jokes, don't tell me there's someone in the warehouse.
Hey, kid!
It's... lady!
She probably just hung herself!
If we get her down, maybe we can save her!
I'll hold her legs!
Otani, you hold her body!
I'll get the rope off!
Hurry up!
Let's stretch here!
It's no use.
She's already dead.
Master, I'll call the POLICE.-Go.
(Thinking) "I do not understand, they were not here before.
If I'm on the right track..."
The deceased is Masuko Tsuchiya, 42 years old.
She was the wife of the son of the owner of this house, Mr. Kikuemon?
Before they discovered the body, they were in the large room
and you felt something break, right?
Yes.
Yesterday we were partying until very late.
The lady fell asleep and we took her to her room.
This morning she was gone.
When we went to look for her, we felt as if something was breaking.
We came here, but...
That sound must have been caused by the vase shattering on the floor.
It must have fallen after being used as a stool when it was hung up.
Although there are pieces stepped on...
Sorry, Inspector, we stepped on it ourselves.
That boy told us that if we put it down we might be able to save it.
Be quiet!
What the hell are you doing, kid?!
What now?
Regardless of the fact that this time you are also here by chance,
when there is a case you are always either fooling around or sleeping!
Please, Inspector, don't shout at me like this.
With the hangover...
Wherever you go, we always end up with a pile of corpses!
I... I feel...
We don't have any proof that anyone climbed on top of the beam!
That's good.
You can't get up to the beam with that ladder.
Maybe they ran the rope across the beam by twisting it around
with some object attached to the end of the rope.
There are objects here that he could have used.
I doubt that he would use such valuable objects to do so.
On the shelves are the master's works and ours.
I'm sure he would choose one of ours.
But this is very clean.
Because we have not long since cleaned it.
So, one point remains to be clarified.
The very visible cut that marks the lady's calf.
The lathe is also quite splattered with blood.
It must have fallen to the ground when the first attempt failed.
She must have cut herself on the pieces of the first vase she broke.
Think about it, it happens quite often.
The loop of the rope should not have been tightened because it was too fat, or the knot should have been tightened because it was too fat.
or the knot must have been loose and the rope came loose.
But we only felt the vase break once.
Because it was still supposed to sleep, when it failed.
If the rope came loose,
it must have taken a while to get ready again.
So that he wanted to commit suicide?
It didn't look to me like she wanted to do it.
You have no clue as to the motive?
-No. Yesterday she was very happy.
Because of Fusuimaru.
It is probable that she did it
by serious that she knew how to break the Fusuimaru.
Poor woman.
The Fusuimaru?
It was a big vase,
the new work that the master was soon to present.
Yesterday it broke when she was trying to take it out of storage.
If it had been so affected by Mrs. Masuko, it could be that...
It doesn't seem far-fetched to me.
I'll keep that in mind.
(Thinking) "If we look at the motive and the situation,
there are enough elements to consider it a suicide.
But..."
You check to see if the fragments of the vase
match the opening of the leg cut.
As the fragments have been stepped on
and they must have a different size,
perhaps none of them will match.

If we could find one that fits, the doubts would be dispelled.
Suicide, it is clear that it is a suicide.
(Thinking) Shut up.
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ouch!
AAAAAAAAA!
What happened to you, Conan?
I stepped on a piece of this stuff.
Man, can't you see you're barefoot?
It's just that I came here without my shoes on, just like that lady.
Now that you mention it, her shoes are nowhere to be found.
But if she didn't have shoes on,
she should have dirtied the soles of her feet.
She doesn't have dirty soles.
It could be that someone picked him up and carried him here.
-It can't be! So she was murdered?
If that were the case, the suspects would be you,
who were in the big room until the body was discovered.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Thinking) "What if it were ?
I've got it!
It's this!"
I've found the trace that the murderer couldn't hide!
With this method, he could have committed the murder without being here.
What the hell did you find, Kogoro?
(Kogoro voice) The proof are the stains that the murderer could not hide!
The murder of the famous ceramists' house, part 2

