"Finding someone special is quite an enigma.
"But the riddles of a case are even more exciting.
"Today, the solution to the potters' riddle.
He has the brain of an adult and is...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "Guests of Kikuemon,
master ceramicist and Living National Treasure,
Ran and Kogoro and I went to visit him.
"Soon after, an incident happened.
"Mrs. Masuko broke the Fusiumaru,
master Kikuemon's new work that was in the storehouse.
"That night, Mrs. Masuko ended up very drunk.
"The next day, the storehouse....
she had hung herself by the neck."
The murder of the famous potters' house, part two
At the time of death, everyone was here?
Yes, only Otani left, to go wake up Masuko, right?
Maybe he pretended he was going to wake her up
but he went to strangle her!
No!
I only went out for a second!
The lady's room is two rooms away from the living room.
Is this true?!
Yes.
It took about 10 seconds.
In such a short time I couldn't do anything.
Has anyone else gone out?
Yes.
I went out for a moment to make a phone call.
As I thought the lady was out of the house,
I called her cell phone from the phone in the hallway.
It's strange, it doesn't ring.
The lady's cell phone?
Yes, I advised Masuko to bring one for work.
Masuko took care of our works
and all the other personal things.
Other things?
Marketing pieces or arranging the day to make the presentation.
That's why the master doesn't go out much.
But we didn't find any cell phone near the corpse.
A cell phone, you say?
It was discovered in the victim's room.
It was found under the futon.
Under the futon?!
She always used her cell phone as an alarm clock.
Looks like the cell phone battery was dead.
I can see that...
So even if they called her, they couldn't feel it ringing.
Well, has anyone left the room?
-No, not that I know of. -No one...
Well, no one...
Then who did it?
Who took this woman and murdered her?
If they discovered the body after she hung herself,
everyone has an alibi.
Sure, it's a suicide, a suicide!
She is barefoot because she was disturbed because she wanted to commit suicide.
And she doesn't have dirty soles of her feet
because she got to the warehouse through the outside, through the stones.
In addition, the Fusiumaru broke inside the warehouse.
This morning he saw the warehouse and made this fatal decision.
Considering that the rope was the warehouse.
In addition, when we have felt the brittle we have all come.
We can not get lost in assumptions if we do not examine the warehouse thoroughly.
Please wait quietly in the room.
And do nothing to obstruct the investigation.
(Thinking) "A suicide.
"I don't know if I believe it.
"There are too many uncertain points.
"The very visible and strange cut on the right leg.
"The surprising fact that, in spite of being barefoot,
she doesn't have dirty soles of her feet.
"And then, that I found this bullet in storage,
next to the place where the Fusiumaru had broken.
There's also something that makes my head dance that I've seen."
What is this?
A bullet?
What is it, so much of interest for this nonsense?
Casum!
Look what you've done, Kogoro!
Eh?!
What the hell?!
What... what are you doing?
Now where are you coming from, Conan?!
That, it's because of him!
Lipstick?
I don't wear lipstick.
(Thinking) "Lipstick... What the fuck is it doing here?
What if it was...?!"
It... wait!
Hey, don't come out!
(Thinking) Maybe that's what I was worried about.
What do you want, kid?
It's just that I left something behind.
Now you can't go in.
What is it, the corpse?
In the morgue.
(thinks) "I've got it! This is it!

"At last I've found the trail that the killer couldn't hide!
"If this is what we found here, upstairs there will be....
"I knew it, if I used this method,
he could commit the murder without being present in this place!
"Which could assure him that the murder would go as he foresaw,
must be up there, for sure."
Hey!
What the hell are you doing, get down from here!
Come down immediately!
I've come to look for something.
On that shelf, we haven't found anything strange.
Come down, you'll take bad!
(thinks) "Yes, it seems that there are only pieces of pottery.
Indeed, he is an excellent potter."
Come down right now! Yes!
(Think) "The identity of the killer is centered on those two.
"But it's probably that man.
"He has set a trap for the lady
and murdered her by pretending it was a suicide.
"And although he has the incriminating evidence on him.
(He thinks) "I already know who the murderer is and how he planned it.
I just need to find a way to explain it to the inspector."
Excuse me, how long do we have to wait?
Ah!
Excuse me, but we still have a while to wait.
Can we have something to eat?
We haven't eaten anything since morning.
And change.
Yes!
My men won't say anything.
No!
If you let them do what they want, they'll destroy the evidence!
Don't wrap the skein any more, boy!
Father!
What the hell evidence, eh?!
This is suicide!
Do you agree with me, Mr. Inspector? Yes... yes.
(Thinking) "Oops! Too bad.
I'll have to put him to sleep with an anesthetic dart".
By the way, I got what you asked for, I found it!
What the hell do you mean? He doesn't remember?
Do you want me to say it in front of everyone?
Come on, I'll tell you.
Well, look, before, you had asked me to do...
(Thinking) We put a button-shaped speaker on the neck, and that's it.
(Kogoro voice) So you've found it?
Top notch!
Let's see what happens?
What's the matter?
What have you found, Kogoro?
Proof that the assassin has been unable to hide.
The ass... the murderer?
You mean murderer?
Yes, Mrs. Masuko didn't commit suicide, he was murdered.
And the perpetrator is one of them!
Oh!
This is getting interesting.
It's quite an honor, to witness up close a deduction of the Sleeping Kogoro!
He has found the corpse after death,
it's impossible for any of them to have done it.
You said it was a suicide.
It was a lie to make the murderer confident.
If I had shown suspicion, he would have suppressed the evidence.
What evidence are you talking about?
Blood, Mr. Inspector! (All) Blood?
Kogoro has asked me to take a look at it
because there's some strange blood.
Strange blood?
Look, Inspector, I'm sure he was talking about this blood.
If this is...!
You moved the body here, didn't you?
Yes.
We thought maybe she was alive.
I took it by the arms and Seto by the legs.
Then we've pulled her into this corner, haven't we?
Under the circumstances, it does seem rather strange.
What's so special about it, the blood?
The blood that has dripped must be what it has lost when we have moved it.
No, all the blood didn't fall at the same instant.
It's hard to distinguish, but there's different blood here.
Different blood?
The shape that the blood takes when it falls to the ground
can determine the height from which it has fallen.
The higher the height, the bigger the stain,
and the splashes also get longer.
If you have carried the lady by the arms and legs,
between the body and the ground there will be about 50 centimeters.
But this stain has fallen from a greater height and....
Are you trying to tell us that Masuko was on the shelf...?
But why?
What are you saying, now!
(Kogoro voice) That's right.
The murderer carried her up onto the shelf
when it was night.
(Off) "And he fastened around her neck
the shady rope he had tied to the ceiling beam.
"Thus, when he woke up the next day he would lose his balance
and, falling from the shelf, she would get it to hang down.
"What made all that commotion after she got hung,
were the jars that I had arranged under the beam.

"With the rope around his neck and a fall from that height, it was enough to kill him,
it was enough to cause his death.
"The murderer wanted to simulate that the legs have crumbled the jugs,
because it seemed that he had used them as a stool."
Naturally, he wanted us to quickly discover the corpse
and corroborate his alibi, since he was in the room.
And the wound on his right leg?
Look at what's on top of the shelf.
Do you see a key sticking out?
Yes, it's true.
Surely, when he fell, that nail cut him.
The blood that was dripping from the shelf
tells us that he held on and stopped the fall for a few seconds.
This means that he accidentally cut himself.
Yes.
The killer didn't imagine this would happen.
When he saw the wound, he must have been shocked.
But the killer investigated and immediately knew the cause.
And he must also have noticed the blood stains.
Even if the body had swayed and the blood was smeared,
the shelf was too far away.
If the bloodstains appeared, we could discover its mounting.
Then he led the others
and made them carry the body to where the first stains were.
To hide that blood, with blood.
Yesterday, a person went out in the middle of the party,
took the lady to here and made this assembly.
Right, Ryuichi Seto?
It was... Seto... Don't tell me you...?
Don't go so fast.
I wasn't the only one who went out.
Besides, you don't need to make accusations to prove your qualities.
You were forced to make a mess.
And all because she had broken the Fusiumaru.
Or was it you?
You left a bullet under the Fusiumaru to make her lie down.
I wanted it to look like a suicide
caused by the anguish caused by this negligence.
If she was the one who traded the pieces,
it is likely that she was the one who took them out of storage.
If any of them broke, she would be harmed.
In addition, she drank a lot of alcohol and fell asleep.
It was a good opportunity to commit murder.
You can't say I'm the murderer if you don't have proof.
You want proof?
Well, I'll tell you what, even if you have it on you now.
Inspector, lift up your jacket and examine his back.
This is...
Lipstick!
It must have been marked on her
when he carried the lady to the shelf.
You must have had to carry it on your shoulders.
Afterwards, you showed up with a poker face
and continued to party.
You left in the middle of the party because you had to carry the lady.
Check where we were sitting in the living room, please.
A faint trace of lipstick has been left where he was sitting.
You'll have to excuse me, sir.
Yes, it's true that this could be the lady's lipstick.
But it must have been marked during the party.
When the lady fell asleep I must have touched my back with my face.
As I drank hard, I don't remember much.
How can you think this is true?
I agree.
You leave me no choice but to show you what he's framing you for.
Hey, Conan!
Remove the one you found before!
Hey, Conan!
Conan!
You mean this, Kogoro? Come down, you'll take it wrong!
Eh?!
Oh!
If this is...
a cell phone!
What's it doing, something like that in here?
It was necessary to ensure that the murder would end the way he wanted it to.
Even if Mrs. Masuko slept on top of a narrow shelf,
there was no guarantee that she would lose her balance.
But if she thought her cell phone was ringing under the headboard, everything changes.
Hearing it ring, she would instinctively stretch out her arm.
And if he made it serve as an alarm clock, though he had an easier time of it.
Mr. Seto placed the vase with the cellphone
under where the lady's head was and made it ring.
We talked about the phone inside this special vase,
with a double bottom with holes in it.
If you check that phone number, you will recognize it.
It's Mr. Seto's number!
Mr. Detective, please explain it to me.
How did you know?
I called him on the phone, but Otani called him too!
When Conan found the cell phone in the vase, I thought so too.
Then, how did you do it?

When you called, do you remember what words you said?
That it's rare, it doesn't get on.
When they found the cell phone, the battery was dead.
It seems that the battery of the cell phone was flat.
When you call a cell phone they answer.
"This phone is currently out of battery"
or "This phone is out of range".
When I remembered that detail, I knew it was you.
And you were calling another phone.
Of course...
If I would have said "It must be out of range" everything would have been fine.
I can't believe it, you murdered Mrs. Masuko.
And you smashed the Fusiumaru.
I didn't care if that thing was smashed to smithereens.
Because that was an imitation I made of the master's Fusiumaru.
An imitation.
An imitation?
I hid his work in another place to protect it.
But even though it shattered in front of me,
I didn't expect him to fall for my deception.
This means that I have talent.
Therefore, the Masuko came my creations well above the price!
-Above, you say? -Don't say that...
Yes, she sold my pieces passing them off as the master's pieces.
She sold them to fools loaded with money!
What are you talking about!
I realized it after she had sold dozens.
I told her that she had to apologize, but she...
I'd rather she thanked me for what I do for you.
Since originality is not your forte,
your works would end up selling for pittances!
So, what you were saying about being out of shape...
Yes, I did it on purpose!
I didn't want the master's good name to continue to be outraged!
But she told me that if I didn't make more pieces she would throw me out.
And finally...
You are a fool!
Why didn't you tell the master everything?
If you had...
I couldn't explain to him that they paid at a higher price
my fake works than the master's works.
Let's go.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Agasa) This is the 10-million-dollar glass of tea?
It doesn't look like it's going to be worth that much.
The appearance and contents have nothing to do with each other.
Aaah!
What did you think, huh?
(Think) "When you look at Kogoro,
you see the same inside and out."

