(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the riddles of a case are even more exciting.
"Today, we have the solution in lemon pie.
It has the brain of an adult and it's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "We attended Asami Uchida's birthday party.
"Afterwards, we went out and went to karaoke,
but the Asami stayed because he had fallen asleep.
"At that time, we realized that the house had been set on fire.
"The Asami Uchida was sleeping in the house!
La Ran gutted the door and was able to save her."
The memory of first love, part two
The Asami said this in a dream?!
It can't be!
Xxxxt!
Don't shout, otherwise you'll wake her up!
When she was brought up to the room, she mumbled as if she was having a nightmare.
She said, "Forgive me. Forgive me, Shinichi. Forgive me!"
Why should I say?
I don't know!
I'm just telling you what I heard!
Changing the subject, aren't you thirsty?
Do you want me to buy you some refreshment?
Yes, but I come with you.
By the way, Conan is well?
Yes!
That kid hasn't had a bad drink, he's as strong as an oak.
It must be with your father hanging around the place of the fire.
(He thinks) "That they did not think to extinguish the candles... An accident...
"Did this really happen?
"How do you understand that Asami, who had fallen asleep on the sofa...?
was found sleeping on the floor in the middle of the fire?
"Besides, this room...
"The way it looked before the fire was different.
"The arrangement of the furniture was strange, as if it had been moved.
"Someone came back to set the house on fire?
"If so, the suspect would be in Morimoto, who had the key.
"No, wait... you didn't have to have the key, to get in,
it was enough to leave a window open.
"Think! Think!
"According to witness statements,
the fire started about ten minutes before 3 o'clock.
"At 3 o'clock, we were at the karaoke.
"From there in the house is 5 minutes by car.
"Going on foot, there is exactly a quarter.
"Since no one went outside for half an hour,
the only person who could go was in Noguchi,
who had the key to the car, parked in front of the karaoke.
"But at 3 o'clock, some went to the washroom at the station
and the others went to the supermarket.
"If the car had disappeared, someone would have noticed.
"Was it with Chika's motorcycle?
"No, the motorcycle was parked in front of the house.
"It's impossible, none of those who were at the karaoke could have committed the crime.
"If they had prepared a device to provoke the fire,
the story would be very different.
"If there was such an object, the firemen would have found it.
Then, the fire must have been set by the Asami."
Hey, kid, you're doing the wrong thing, you shouldn't come in here.
Ah, excuse me!
Today was the birthday of the girl who slept here, right?
The presents and the cake were burned, but this is left over.
It's a message for that girl, isn't it?
Take him to the hospital, please!
(Thinking) "Eh? They don't fit!
"Wait, now that I think about it....
Come to think of it, that person said something strange..."
(Man) No wonder it caught fire!
They left the cake with the lit candles on the chair.
Is it true, that the cake was on the chair?
Yes, there is the circular burning of the chair and the shattered cake.
Where is it, this chair?
It is here.
In front of the small black chest of drawers in the room.
Don't you find it strange, Ran? What do you mean?
The Asami, up to second grade high school, was from the tennis club.
She was the best in the whole country.
Ha, she was amazing.
But in third grade she was in charge of the soccer team, right?
And after the summer vacation she looked changed.
What was wrong with her?
I'm sure she was concentrating on her studies.
I find that strange.

But why?
Do you find it very normal that he changed clubs in the second trimester?
No, it's not very normal.
Maybe tennis, there were no attractive boys.
She's not like you.
What are you saying?
She would have her reasons, to do it.
It's better that we don't talk now.
But I want to know!
Xxxt!
You call too much!
Can't you see that the Asami will wake up?
Tell me, what's wrong? What is it?
Y... And the Asami?
The customers who came at 3 o'clock?
Yes, do you remember if anyone came?
At that time a group of karaoke boys came.
They bought tobacco and tomato juice.
Do you remember what they looked like?
A guy who wore glasses, a girl and a guy who looked like a sportsman.
(Think) Sawai, Hayasaka and Noguchi!
The jock-looking cretin started yelling like a madman.
Hey, sir, can you tell me if...
Sonoko, how did it go?
Nothing, the toilets were out.
How about you, Ran?
He's not here either.
Gee, where did he go, the Asami?
You go tell your father.
I'll go get the nurse.
Yes, all right!
Yes, everything went just as you told me.
As it is, you knew it.
I was afraid of it...
Even though I warned him that I was turning it upside down,
he wouldn't listen to me.
The one he put in was filthy.
(He thinks) "The thing is clear! I know who set the fire.
If the deductions are correct, even though he's holding the proof in his hands!"
(Kogoro) Like ?!
That the Asami has disappeared?
Really, Ran?
Yes.
I went out for a second and when I came back she was gone.
What can we do, Father?
(Kogoro) Search the area around the hospital!
Yes.
Where did he go, the Asami?
It could be that he wanted to commit suicide.
Commit suicide?!
Yes, sir!
If it's true that she set this fire...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
(Kogoro voice) This is what you think? Se... Mr. Mouri?
But the reality is very different.
The Asami is the victim, the fets.
The victim?
Yes!
The Asami has suffered an assassination attempt.
The one who wanted to see her burned is here!
It's one of you!
You can't be serious.
But the fire started when we were at the karaoke.
From the karaoke to the house it takes 15 minutes.
By car or motorcycle, 5 minutes.
Nobody took the car, and the motorcycle was at the house.
At that hour, none of us could come to set fire to it.
Well, if there was some combustion device with a timer, yes.
But the firemen would have found it.
A combustion device with a timer.
Let's say we are very familiar with this device.
Let's say that it is an object that we inevitably need
and that it allows us to have a certain dominance from very far away.
Yes, the murderer lit the fire from a location
when it was miles away from here.
He controlled this device from the vicinity of the karaoke.
Hey, kid, we've already made preparations.
Yeah, we'll be right back, thanks.
What... What arrangements?
Kogoro has asked for it.
They've prepared the same set-up as the assassin did.
Why rivers?
It's so simple that it's hard to believe!
You'll have a good laugh!
They have left the living room as it was before the fire.
-There's even the fax machine. It's true.
-What are we going to get out of it?
Will you excuse me?
A cake? (Kogoro voice) Fair!
Earlier I asked Conan to go buy this cake.
If we put it on top of the chair in front of the fax machine, we're all set!
When the time comes, the flames will start the fire by themselves.
I don't suppose you'll wait for the cake to fall on the floor by chance, will you?
Even if that were to happen, it would be due to an accident.
It wouldn't be... (riiiiing!)
(Riiiiiing!)
The phone? (Riiiiiiing!)
(Fax noise)
No... it's a fax.
(Riiiiing!)
It can't be...
He has sent the owner of the supermarket because I asked him to.
Just like the murderer did at the time!
Hey, man...
It's impossible, with such a simple system...
This was the killer's goal.
The more elaborate the set-up,
the easier it was to leave evidence.
With this system, he intended to reduce unnatural aspects
because he wanted to give the impression that it was all an accident.
I'm right, aren't I?

Yesterday, you went to the supermarket next to karaoke to buy tobacco.
Right, Manabu Sawai?
In... At Sawai va...?
No, it's not true.
Oi, director?
But the director jumped into the middle of the flames to save her!
Do you think a person who tries to murder another person would do it?
He noticed the fire!
What if he told you he didn't mean to kill her?
If I told you that he planned it all to save her, would you believe it?
It is likely that this was Sawai's motive.
(Off) "I was to slip sleeping pills into the Asami's drink to put her to sleep,
and while we were all getting ready to go to karaoke,
he arranged everything in the living room and left the house.
"He laid her down on the floor away from the furniture so she wouldn't burn to death.
"Then, he went to send the fax while we were at karaoke,
which was practically as if he himself was the money for the fire."
The owner of the super is a witness
that you sent the fax when the fire started.
There have been remnants of the fax you sent at Manabu Sawai.
Remains, he says?
This is it!
The firemen gave it to me earlier.
The shape of the pieces do not match and that means there are two.
And before the fire they only sent one.
Oi, Kogoro?
One... one moment, please...
It's true, I used the fax from the supermarket.
But it was a fax I sent to a friend.
He wanted me to review his novel.
A friend, you say?
So, you must have a receipt for sending the fax?
After using the fax they must have given you, right?
The owner of the store must have given it to you.
It states the day, the time and the destination phone number.
That's funny.
Even though I sent...
Please wait a second.
Ah!
I'm sure I made a mistake when I dialed!
Since I have my friend's phone number and home number in a row...
Besides, I'm the director of the enigma research club.
I would never do such a set-up.
Is that why you had to copy that message, Sawai?
When you're going to prepare the mechanism of the room,
in order to decide the place where the fire was set,
you will use the copy function of the device.
To activate this function, you have to put an original.
At that time, you had the fax that had arrived from Takamura,
and you copied the paper of his greeting.
That copy paper you made was what you sent.
It was a copy paper with the copy of the doctor's message
and with leftover cream from the cake.
The store owner kept grumbling:
"That boy put a filthy piece of paper in my machine."
And he warned you that you had turned it upside down.
But what you wanted was to send the face with no message on it.
If there had been two identical messages, it would have been suspicious.
Stop talking nonsense!
I'm sick of your unproven fantasies!
Give me proof!
You're back to comedy.
But don't you see that you still have it?
You're holding the sheet you used for faxing!
Humans are a mystery.
They don't see themselves as having the heart to throw away things that could put them in danger.
It's possible they think someone might pick it up.
You're not going to get rid of it and you took it to the supermarket.
You mean...?
Yes, although you must have it hidden in a trouser pocket.
Come on, let's go!
Remove Dr. Takamura's cream-stained message.
-Let me a moment... -Don't touch me!
He should have thrown it away at the first opportunity.
Lla... so you have...?
Yes.
I set fire to it.
I did it by the method the detective described.
But how did you know?
Anyone could have done it.
Remember exactly what happened when we got here.
We woke her up with the phone?
She was sleeping in the living room!
It won't do any good.
It's already burned!
It's clear to me now.
Only someone who knows what place is burning can talk like that.
Why did you do that to him, to the Asami?
Because I wanted him to notice me.
I wanted him to see me as a brave man who saved his life.
Last month he refused to go out with me.
It hadn't happened to me and I felt humiliated.
With a small fire I did the deed, but it spread quickly and....
Shrike!
That with a small fire you did the deed?!
That it spread quickly?!
You can't stand this, kid!
Don't you Rifi me!

How come the possibility of his death didn't cross your mind?
We could have had a car accident!
Or run into a traffic jam along the way!
If that had happened, the Asami would have lost her life!
Why didn't you try to be the kind of person she would notice?
Why didn't you try to win him over by improving him as a person?
It's true.
You're a fool, director.
A... Asami...
I haven't acted properly.
How could you do this nonsense for me?
-You'll talk to the commissary. -Yes.
Director...
Even if we try to open a person's heart by force,
he won't open it for us.
For you, just by breathing, can make a man your slave.
This is not true.
You don't know me at all, director.
Me too, a long time ago... A long time ago...
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Did you declare yourself to Shinichi?!
Yes!
I proposed to him.
But he gave me a hard time.
But the rumors said...
Ah, they were false rumors that I'll spread.
I wanted him to notice me.
He was my first love...
But he didn't care about them, the rumors.
Well...
Excuse me, I'd like to ask you a question.
Honestly, what did you like, about that guy?
I don't know... At first I didn't find anything that attracted me to him.
As a freshman in high school he was the starting middle infielder.
I thought he was a pretty good new member of the club.
One day, I went to bring a pie a lemon pie to the guys.
They all complimented me saying it was great.
He was the only one who...
This is kind of gross.
Shinichi's palate is strange.
The one that day was not good at all.
They told me they ate it in disgust.
I was so embarrassed,
that every day I would prepare one and take it to him,
until he told me it was delicious.
Before I could realize it, I was in charge of the team.
But someone I know has prepared a delicious one the first time.
I gave you a strange recipe on purpose!
But why?
Oh, my goodness!
Then I'll have to explain it to you?
I'll tell you that he answered me after declaring himself to me.
E... Hey, listen!
You shut up, now comes the most interesting part!
Well, he... he told me that all blushing...
Sorry, Asami...
I've liked a girl since I was a kid.
She's brave, stubborn and sentimental.
She's like a very special bamboo forest.
You can see that.
Have you felt it, Ran?
That means...
He liked a girl like that?
Excuse me?
(Think) So much is...
Don't act crazy!
I saw how the Asami fell on the balcony of your room!
(Think) "There is no doubt. The murderer is the Okita.
Wait... And if this case were..."
And the next chapter...
Murder of the samurai movie actor, part 1.

