(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the enigmas of a case are even more exciting.
"Today's setting is an ordinary building.
"I'll have a group of actors around.
It has the brain of an adult and it's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The samurai movie actor's murder case, part two.
Eh?
On Kozaburo Hijikata?
The samurai movie actor?
Yes!
It won't be long before he comes here to meet me.
Since he'll be playing the role of a detective,
he wanted me, a famous detective, to advise him.
How cool!
You see...
But Mr. Kozaburo was only in samurai movies, right?
Things have been going badly for him lately.
You mean she's incapable of changing the role she's been typecast in?
You are too negative, Mr. Mouri.
In Ko-Ko-Kosaburo Hijikata ?!
XXT.
Do not raise your voice, Miss, they might feel us.
I could have hidden a journalist with his ear stopped.
I guess in ten take the blame for the scandal caused by your divorce.
Scandal over the divorce?
That's a crazy lie.
For my wife, it's also a drag.
Just to talk to someone, they already say she's given me the jump.
Since he chose such a beautiful actress as his wife,
it's only natural that she's going through it.
I don't care what they say.
I'll dispatch the introductions here and we'll go to my place.
Okay, Master Kogoro?!
Master?
It's this way, master.
Mr. Hijikata, stop calling me master.
I've asked you because I want you to teach me how to play a detective.
Therefore, you are my teacher.
Well, now that you mention it, you may be right.
Why do we have to enter from behind like thieves?
It's just that the front door is full of reporters.
-Hold on a moment, please. -Wait a moment.
-Hey?! -Oh!
Oh, they don't seem to be here today.
If in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the divorce they saw me with you, a detective,
you can't imagine what they'd write.
It is also true.
Gee, you're that actor in Hajime Okita, aren't you?!
Yes, I am.
He's my neighbor, Miss.
Now you were going somewhere?
Yes, I'm going to the supermarket.
Don't worry, man!
As promised, I'll be waiting for you at home at that time.
Promise?
I'd like you to check a few things on him for that matter...
Oh... What's the matter?
What's the matter?
They say that his wife is giving him the jump with a man.
Specifically, with the man you just saw!
Au, get in.
Yes.
I haven't given you my card yet.
Thank you. Thank you.
You too.
Thank you. Thank you.
I see you own a pile of apartments.
The whole sixth floor is yours?
Yes.
At first I wanted to make myself an office,
then I rented it to a company,
but now there's no one there.
Now I'll take them to where I live: it's the fifth floor.
Oh, my goodness!
Here we are.
It's this way, follow me.
(Intercom: woman) -I'm coming!
-It's me.
(intercom: woman) Go!
Welcome, detective.
Nice to meet you.
(Think) Blow!
The Isami Eikura!
I'm sorry you had to come expressly for my man.
Teach him as well as you know how!
He only knows how to wield a katana!
In threaded bundles...
You guys are a great deal.
Why should they say they've broken up?
Maybe we'll have to invite the person who wrote that article.
We're having a laughing fit, from the newspapers.
Au, come in.
Come in, come in.
-Make yourself comfortable in the living room. -All right.
Thank you very much.
I can tell you're an actress, you've done an excellent performance.
You don't look like a woman who wants to take her husband's fortune.
As far as I know, it was you who started the infidelities.
Will you go with that fool Okita when you break up with me?
I don't know... We haven't gone that far yet.
Master Kogoro, would you like to wait a while?
Yes, as you wish.
What's at the head gates?
Calling a detective...
Hadn't we agreed to talk in the evening at the Okita's house?

What do you have to talk to the detective about?
Nothing you think.
I had her come here for my convenience.
You've been a little strange lately.
Did she take you to arrange the rooms differently?
It's just that I've had a lot of free time.
You'll take care of that detective.
I'm going to my office now, so hurry up.
Yes.
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
(Kogoro) He's really late, Mr. Hijikata.
It's been more than half an hour.
It's strange, what should he do?
Shit, it's not working.
(Kogoro) Please... What if you quit this smoking vice?
I got it! What's this?
A gun?
Donkey, this is a lighter.
When you pull the trigger the flame comes out of the barrel.
Casum...
Oops!
The trigger's broken!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Since my wife takes care of these things,
when I'm in charge, I'm short of hands.
Mrs. Isami has left?
Yes, she told me she had to go to a friend's house.
I bought something for you to give me the basics.
What's that?
Gee, that's strange, I could have sworn I had left her here...
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about a reproduction pistol, which cost me a lot of money.
Since I'm going to characterize myself as a detective,
my firing image was meant to impress.
Master, teach me the correct posture.
No, you don't need to at all.
Besides, detectives on TV don't carry guns.
Let's be more realistic, shall we?
What will I do then?
The first scene will begin with a shootout
with a criminal on the riverbank.
-On the riverbank?
-Yes.
Look, it's over there.
What a beautiful view!
By golly, here, at night, there must be a magnificent view.
On the third day you've had enough.
It's fantastic, having the river in front of you.
(Phone)
Ah!
The telephone.
Eh?
It's coming from the other side. (Riiing)
It's the neighbor's phone, the Okita's. Is it Mr. Okita's house?
Yes.
That's why the reporters wrote all that.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Y... Isami?!
What happened to you, Isami?!
What happened to you?
Wait!
This is a fifth floor!
That wretch.
What did he do to you, my Isami?!
Hey, Okita, come out at once!
Shit...
Let's report to the reception and ask them for a copy of the key.
Sorry to disturb you, I'll stay here and keep watch.
I'll call the police and ask for an ambulance!
Wait!
You'd better go to the police station next door.
I trust you!
That Mr. Hijikata's wife is the Okita's apartment?!
-It's impossible! -Never mind, give us the key!
Father, the cops are already here!
You must have the copy of the key.
Come on, come on!
Damn it, it won't go down.
What's broken down, this elevator coi?!
No, I assure you it's not...
What a remedy, we go up the stairs.
Follow me!
Come on, Conan.
Come on, let's go!
Here we are!
I've been waiting for you.
Has there been any news?
I kept knocking on the door, but he didn't say anything!
-Come on, the key.
-Yes... yes.
What is it, so much fuss, in front of my house?
Get out!
Y... Isami!
What?!
Ow, don't die, Isami, Isami, Isami, Isami, Isami...
It's no use, she's not breathing anymore.
No... it can't be...
It seems that the cause of death is strangulation with a wire.
I have the feeling that she was killed less than half an hour ago.
What is the dead Isami doing on my balcony?
Don't be crazy, Okita!
I saw the Isami fall off the balcony coming out of her room!
I don't know what you're talking about!
(Think) "There is no doubt that this is the murderer.
"Now we have to find the fishing line he has used
and wait for him to confess."
Mr. Hijikata, that is harsh,
but leave the scene as it is.
(Think) Wait.
What if this case were...?
The murdered is Mrs. Isami Hijikata, 38 years old.
Cause of death: strangulation.
She was strangled with a thin thread or something similar.
Kogoro, you saw the scene of the incident
when Mrs. Isami was strangled?
Yes.
We don't know if we saw it after she was strangled.
But I, Ran, Conan, and Isami's husband saw it.
There were four of us in total.
We went out on the balcony by chance.

And then we heard Mr. Okita's phone from the balcony.
When we looked over there,
the Isami was there falling backwards to the ground.
It was probably already a corpse.
What happened next?
We headed this way right away.
But the door was locked, and no one answered.
We left Mr. Hijikata in front of the door to keep watch.
and I went to the reception desk to get a copy of the key.
When we got inside, we found the body on the balcony.
Aw, man, that's enough!
I'm the first one surprised to find her murdered here.
Besides, no one has knocked on my door.
Why should I kill Mrs. Isami?
Don't do comedy!
Although you insist on saying that you know nothing about this matter?
I've been keeping a close eye on your door!
Except for you, no one could have killed her!
Aw, calm down, Mr. Hijikata.
Mr. Okita, can I ask you a question?
What were you doing during the time of the crime, between 4 and 2/4 of 5?
I was locked in this room listening to music.
Mr. Hijikata was supposed to come tonight and I was waiting for her.
Mr. Hijikata?
Yes.
I wanted to check the rumors about the Isami and the Okita were true.
Well, then, it could be that the rumors were true at all.
Before I went to talk to Mr. Hijikata,
she must have come here to make an agreement.
They ended up arguing and he killed her.
The Isami didn't come home!
There is another aspect that makes it suspicious, still.
Mr. Hijikata has always played famous shoguns,
virtuous landowners or masters of the sword,
characters who stand for justice.
Whereas you have only played evil characters such as thieves, spies...
like thieves, spies...
It has nothing to do with that.
Maybe they are masses of coincidences.
As day in and day out you come across murders,
you do the line, man.
We have found something similar to fishing line.
Really?!
I have never seen a thread like this!
There are some witnesses who have seen Mrs. Isami fall here,
and the murder weapon has turned up.
If you want to continue with evasions, do it at the police station.
Are you serious?
(Thinking) Eh?
There's a mark on her armpit.
What the hell is this?"
Conan, how long are you going to stay out here?
Come on in.
Hey, Ran, this means there are zombies, right?
What?!
It's just that when he fell he had his legs inside the room.
But when we came here the body was in the middle of the balcony.
So it's true.
So, the body moved by itself?
Is it true?
Yes.
When we saw her, she had only the upper part of the balcony COSAL.
So the killer must have moved it.
Maybe he leaned it against one end of the balcony door.
The body has collapsed, and so it protruded from the balcony.
Then we saw it,
and when the murderer sensed that we were knocking on the door,
he moved the body to put it in the middle of the balcony.
Is it true or am I wrong, criminal Okita?
You are mistaken!
If so, they would have left the body with a remarkable violence.
It is that the corpse has scratches.
Of course there are.
So you lose your temper...
Wait a second, please.
Neither the Isami has ever come here before, nor has she ever come here before in her life.
Since they had said they would come, I had ordered everything.
Isn't that right, Hijikata?
Yes, it's the first time I've ever come here.
But I don't know if it was also the Isami's first time.
Then you're very clever, sir!
You went straight to the balcony where your wife was!
And he's never been there before.
It's as if he had superpowers!
Well, it's true.
This man passed by and went straight to the balcony.
It's only natural that he knew where he was, kiddo.
From the fifth floor up, the only thing that changes is the side of the floors.
The distribution is the same.
I find that he knows too many things.
I find that you know too much.
It's just that the floor above, the sixth, is my property.
So it's natural for you to know.
For the time being we'll bring Mr. Okita to the police station as a witness.
Hey!
Kogoro and Mr. Hijikata will also have to pass.
What?
Me too?
What do you get?

They will only ask you a few questions.
Besides, we already know who the murderer is.
(He thinks) "Seen from the outside, no case could be simpler,
but it gives me a bad feeling.
"The sinister smile that man has made in front of the body....
"But the Isami has undoubtedly fallen before his eyes.
"If he has made some set-up that she fell,
he'd have somewhere to start.
"At the time of the murder, the Okita says she has been here.
"And it's impossible to carry Mrs. Isami on the sly
to a room where there is someone. (phone)
(Riiing)
Can I pick up the phone? (Riiing)
Wait, I'll get it.
Yes, hello?
It's me, Inspector Megure, Inspector Takagi.
I'm at the reception! (Shouting in the background)
What a commotion.
What's this?
(Shouting)
They are journalists from the newspapers.
They have smelled that there has been a crime.
They're anxious to come down.
We have blocked the entrance, but with this tension...
Come on... If you let them in, we'll be lost.
Listen... Do you have another phone at home, apart from this one?
No.
I only have this one you see.
Also came that group of...?
Where the hell did they get it?!
Okay, you guys... We'll be right down, you wait.
How can it be that the media have smelled it?
What the hell, inspector.
They were following Mr. Hijikata before because of the divorce hustle and bustle.
The reporters had him under surveillance.
Kogoro, don't give masses of details to the press.
You're their bait.
We must calm the tension and take the Okita to the police station
before there's any trouble.
We should wait a bit, to lead you to him.
How long have you been here?
It's just that the Okita, when we went with the copy of the key,
he opened the door himself.
Even if he had hidden the body on the balcony, we would have discovered it.
If I were the murderer I would have hidden the body in a more complicated place
or I would have tried to run away.
Bobo, all you kids are a pain in the ass.
But...
You also saw the balcony on the fifth floor.
The corpse has come out of your floor!
(Thinking) Now I understand.
So this is what it was?
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Thinking) "I've already found it!
"I know what method Mr. Hijikata has used
to lead us to this contrived space."
(Kogoro voice) Where do you think you're going?
You are the real killer, Mr. Kozaburo Hijikata!
What are you saying?!
I repeat!
Show me the evidence!
As you wish!
The proof is...
In the next chapter...
The Samurai Movie Actor Murder Case, Part Two

