(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"In today's we find the soul of an actor.
"The truth always comes out in the end.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "In Kozaburo Hijikata, a samurai film actor,
requested Kogoro's services
and led us up to the fifth floor of a block of apartments, where he lived.
"We went out onto the balcony, and as we gazed out over the landscape,
the corpse of Mr. Hijikata's wife, Isami,
fell on the balcony of his neighbor, Hajime Okita.
"Mr. Okita denied that he was the killer,
but both the police and Kogoro believed he was the culprit.
"But the smile I saw on Mr. Hijikata's face
made me doubt Mr. Okita's guilt,
and I finally found the evidence that cleared everything up."
Samurai movie actor murder case, part two
(commotion)
Wow, more people have gathered here than I had imagined.
Conan!
Come back to Ran!
Yes!
And Conan?
Where are you, Conan?
That's strange.
Where has he gone?
Excuse me, have you seen Conan, Mr. Hijikata?
No.
Maybe he's gone home meva.
Yes, that must be it.
(Thinking) Yes, sir, I knew you were right.
Conan, are you this way?
(Conan) Huh?
He's not here?
It can't be, his shoes aren't here either...
(Thinking) "I understand the setup. But I still have no proof.
"Showing this unique scene,
it would be enough to corner Mr. Hijikata, but...
"I wish I had one. I want definite proof.
Conan.
Are you really not here?
"Ah! Casum!
"In these cases, I'd rather have
something tangible to facilitate understanding.
Eh?
"Wait! I could have sworn that at the time...
"Oh...
"I got it! That was it!
"In this case, knowing Kogoro's character....
"It will be this way.
"I can't be wrong!
"The murderer is Mr. Hijikata!
"With a set-up, he's tricked our eyes
and directed us into this contrived space!
(Shouts)
Mr. Mouri, you confirm that there has been a murder?
What has happened?
We know that the deceased is the former actress Isami Eikura!
And you are a witness to the scene of the crime!
What happened?!
Calm down, let me have a cigarette first, okay?
Inspector.
How do we have the internal situation, Takagi?
Right now, Mr. Mouri is the one grabbing the attention of the reporters.
The ones at the back door start to join the others.
Perfect, just as we had planned!
While Kogoro entertains them, we will take Mr. Okita out the back,
and we'll take Mr. Hijikata to the police station.
Yes, Inspector!
Ah, Mr. Inspector!
How are we doing, Conan?
What do you want?
Mr. Kogoro told me to ask you something.
It's to see if you can...
Please, Mr. Mouri!
Tell us something about the case, please!
I have a bad feeling about this.
You don't know anything about anything, am I right?
All right, you've won!
I'll just give you a hint!
Au, come closer, come closer!
-The killer is Hajime Okita?! - That actor?
Xxxt!
This must be kept secret!
That inspector doesn't feel you!
But well you've seen it, you!
From the balcony of Mrs. Isami Eikura's husband,
Hijikata saw how the Isami fell on the next floor.
And that balcony was from the Okita's apartment, which is the fifth floor.
Later, when he went in with the police, they found the body,
and if Mr. Okita was there...
The murderer must be Mr. Okita, he can't find ?!
I guess this is obvious.
This is an exclusive!
We already have tonight's headline!
Bring the cameras and the mobile unit!
We prepared a special.
(Kogoro voice) Wait a minute!

Uh, no... I didn't say this, me.
What happened?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaah...
Se... Mr. Mouri?
Do you have any more information?
(Think) I'll talk to Kogoro's voice with the voice transformer.
(Kogoro's voice) Although everything makes you think that the Okita is the murderer,
the reality is not that.
What... what do you mean by this?
Please explain.
Let's go.
While at Mouri's hogging the reporters' attention,
we'll go out the back.
The murderer is someone else?
Is this it, Mr. Mouri?
Yes.
The murderer has prepared a montage to make it look,
he wanted to deceive my eyes.
Isn't that so?
You are the only murderer
and you're sneaking out the back,
Mr. Kozaburo Hijikata!
What are you saying?!
-It's on Kozaburo Hijikata! -And on Hajime Okita! -And at Hajime Okita!
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Just a moment.
-Inspector, what's the meaning of all this? -Is what you said about Mouri true? -Is it true?
Inspector, who do you think is a suspect?
What do you think?
Mouri!
Stop it, that color!
Why do you think Mr. Hijikata is the killer?
You're with him when he saw the Isami collapse!
The thread that was used to strangle her
was in Mr. Okita's room.
And at the time of the crime the Okita was in the room
where we later discovered the body, which is the fifth floor!
How do you want someone else to carry the body there?
So, in Hajime Okita is the murderer, right?!
-What is it, the motive? -The relationship he had with her?!
Eh?
No, not that...
We'll hold a press conference and we'll explain everything there.
(mocking laugh)
Certainly, in this situation,
it seems unlikely that Mr. Hijikata committed the murder.
It would be obvious that Mr. Okita is the murderer, as it seems,
if the balcony where we saw Isami fall...
was really the fifth floor balcony.
As you say ?!
Mouri, what does all this mean?
It would be obvious that the Okita is the murderer,
if the balcony where we saw Isami fall...
was the fifth floor balcony.
As you say ?!
Mouri, what does it all mean?
(Mobile phone)
Whose cell phone is this?!
Turn it off! (Riiing!)
It's my, inspector, no doubt I have called you back! (Riiing!)
Stop talking gibberish?! (Riiing!)
Will you explain the solution of the case with the cell phone? (Riiing!)
Yes!
Take it out of my trouser pocket, please! (Riiing!)
It's time for your assistant to make his appearance! (Riiing!)
You'll see the unique scene that Mr. Hijikata has put together.
Yes, please?
Takagi?
Is that you, Takagi?!
Why did you call Mouri's cell phone?
Where the hell are you?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm in the living room that Mr. Hijikata has on the sixth floor.
Inspector, I find it strange!
Why is it strange?
Everything is the same: the TV, the sofa, the curtains, the table...
And even the layout is the same.
It's like Mr. Hijikata's living room, which is just below.
It's like two drops of water!
Two drops of water?
Yes.
The only difference there is
is that on the fifth floor there are 4 tea cups on the table,
and on the table on the sixth floor there is nothing.
What does this mean, Mr. Hijikata!
Why are the living rooms of your house and the sixth floor identical?
Well... It's just that...
I wanted to create an optical illusion.
I wanted you to think that Mrs. Isami had fallen from the fifth floor.
Mr. Hijikata, instead of taking us to the room on the fifth floor,
took us to the room on the sixth floor.
(Off) "While we were waiting for her,
he strangled Isami in a room on the fifth floor,
carried her to the room above Mr. Okita's,
and arranged for the Isami to fall to the balcony when the time came.
Finally, she returned to the living room where we were waiting for her," he said.
with the excuse that she was clumsy at making tea.
"Then she invited us to go out onto the balcony.
and at the moment she considered it appropriate
she took the cell phone she was carrying and pressed a key.
"She wanted to get our attention with the ringing of the phone,

because he wanted us to witness the Isami falling off the balcony."
Mr. Hijikata wanted to make it look
that she had fallen on Mr. Okita's balcony, the floor below.
But the body was on Mr. Okita's floor.
Please listen to what comes next, Mr. Inspector.
(Off) "Next, the Hijikata has gone to the next room,
knocked on the door and began to bellow,
but naturally no one answered.
"That was not the Okita's apartment, it was Mr. Hijikata's.
"After all, all the floors on the sixth floor are his.
"Then, Mr. Hijikata went into that room
and with a rope he had left behind,
he lowered the Isami on the balcony of Mr. Okita's room,
which is just below,
while we were going to the reception."
With a rope?!
But how?
He probably lifted the body
and put the rope around his chest and under his armpits.
So he held him in suspension, threw the body into the void,
and removed the rope with a strong pull.
Proof of this are the marks on poor Isami's armpits.
The scratches on the body were made when he threw the body into the vacuum.
It was a dangerous and ineffective method,
but since the balcony overlooked the river
there was little chance of witnesses,
and even if she had fallen into the river
she could justify it by saying that the murderer had thrown the body away
because he had been between a rock and a hard place.
(Off) "When he has already left the Isami downstairs,
it has restored the original plates
instead of those of the sixth floor that he had changed,
he went to the floor below, in front of Mr. Okita's house,
and waited for us to arrive with a copy of the key."
He pretended, satisfied, that he had been waiting for us all along.
You mean it's believable?
Lowering the body and changing the plates
while you went to look for the other key is impossible.
If I left the elevator locked,
I could buy enough time to get out.
I think Mr. Hijikata had rehearsed it several times
and had the timing right.
But at the beginning, when he took to his floor,
you took the elevator up, didn't you?
How come you didn't know you were on the sixth floor?
With the elevator indicator,
you would have realized right away, something like that.
He is right.
Yes, it was obvious.
But from the very first moment, when he made us go up,
he tricked us into falling into his trap.
Eh?
His trap?
Inspector, go look at the elevator floor indicator, please.
You will see that there is still a faint trace.
There you will see the proof that shows the contrived space you have led us into.
The trace of a montage!
What is it, that?
There is a black stain.
It must be traces of ink from some marker that you have not been able to clean.
If I removed the lower left vertical bar by painting it black,
I could make the 6 look like a 5!
-Indeed!
-Is that what it was all about?
Wait a second, Kogoro!
What do you mean, the number two?
The two must have taken an unusual shape!
It has also deceived us, at this point.
(Off) "In the elevator he gave us his card.
And the box where the floor buttons are was behind him."
So he had you looking for the card
and he just had to cover the floor indicator with his body.
He probably wiped the ink off when he blocked the elevator.
When I went down to the reception desk
I saw that number two had a strange shape,
but we were in a hurry and I couldn't get a good look.
Wait a second, Mr. Detective.
According to the set-up you've laid out,
it's clear that you're accusing me of murder.
What are you doing it for, right?
Do you have any proof that I murdered the Isami?
Do you have any proof that I didn't take them to the fifth floor, but to the sixth floor?
How do you intend to explain to us
that the living room on the fifth and the sixth floor are identical?
Is there nothing wrong with that?
I like that furniture and that layout.
Will you tell us or not?
Will you tell us if you have solid proof?
If you don't give me any, I will question your words.

If he is so confident it means he has eliminated them.
He has made the footprints that we could find on the sixth floor disappear.
He erased them while I was going down to reception,
and placed the mugs on the sixth floor in a bundle of nerves.
A bundle of nerves, you say?
If Inspector Takagi had an easy time getting into the sixth floor, it's because he forgot to lock the door with the door,
it's because he forgot to lock the door.
He made a very serious mistake.
I repeat!
Show the evidence you have!
Inspector Megure, ask Inspector Takagi to check it out.
On the floor of the living room on the sixth floor...
something rather peculiar has fallen.
Didn't it?
A... on the floor?!
Takagi!
Something strange has fallen on the floor?
Something strange, you say?
Let's see...
There's a sharp metal object.
A sharp metal object?
Now lift up the sofa cushions next to it, please.
I'm sure it's there.
It's where I've hidden an object that bears my fingerprints.
It's a replica of a gun!
There is a replica of a gun!
Of a gun?!
What?!
Kogoro, I hope you're sure
that the gun has your fingerprints on it!
Yes.
While we were waiting for Mr. Hijikata, I broke the gun.
I couldn't bring myself to tell him and hid it under the pillows.
I wouldn't have imagined that this would give me the key
to decipher the trap of Mr. Hijikata's setup.
Because I guess you know, don't you, Mr. Hijikata?
After discovering the corpse,
I've been in Mr. Okita's apartment the whole time.
And when I came down here, I was with Inspector Megure.
Unless you didn't take us to the sixth floor from the beginning,
I wouldn't have been able to touch that replica.
And I'll tell you more,
when you set everything up for the Isami to fall,
you put the thread around her neck,
passed it through the curtain rod,
and lifted her upper body so that the thread would break.
It was simple.
Mr. Inspector, examine the floor above Mr. Okita.
Perhaps there will still be traces of the assembly.
They will be found, I'm sure.
scattered all over the place.
They'll find the mechanism I used to make Isami fall.
Mr. Hijikata!
Do you admit that you are the murderer?
Yes, sirs.
My wife Isami was killed by me, by Kozaburo Hijikata!
I couldn't stand the Isami being involved with this mediocre man.
And I wished I had enough capital to run my production company.
And with his life insurance...
Gentlemen, be quiet!
At what point did you realize everything, Mr. Detective?
As soon as I heard Mr. Okita's phone ring.
Its sound was different from what we had felt on the balcony.
I was sure I had left the same tone as Okita's.
-Yesterday I bought myself a cell phone nine.
The main cause of his defeat
was to underestimate Mouri
and turning him into a witness of the set-up.
At no time did I underestimate him.
I just wanted to make a bet.
I thought that if I could deceive a famous detective like him,
in my next role, in which he plays a detective,
I could give an exceptional performance.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Father!
Father!
You are extraordinary, Detective Kogoro!
How do you feel, after you have tied hand and foot
the actor from the samurai movies?
No, well... well... no...
I feel like the samurai from "The far mountain of gold!"
You're quite a star!
The detested, the king of comedy!
(Many alarm clocks go off at once)
What... what the hell is this?
This is crazy!
All the alarm clocks were going off at the same time!
The ones in the whole house?!
(Think) "Even the one in the video is working.
What the fuck is going on?"
In the next chapter...
The case of the mysterious mansion of the gang of evildoers, part one...

