(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"Today's setting is a mansion full of clocks.
"The truth always comes out in the end.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Mysterious Mansion of the Band of Evildoers, part one.
"Dear Mr. Kogoro Mouri,
"I apologize for this unexpected letter.
"Right now I will get down to business without further ado,
"I am confident that a famous detective like you will be able
to decipher the singular facts that happen in my house.
"It is an old western-style mansion
bequeathed to me by my paternal grandfather when he left this world.
"After moving into it,
day by day a mysterious event has been repeating itself,
and lately I feel the presence of someone waiting for me.
"As I am a specialist in writing mystery stories,
I've racked my brain for answers,
but I still don't know the house well and I can't solve it without help,
so I wanted to tell you my situation.
"I remember the last words my grandfather whispered to me:
"The mansion I am giving you is very special."
"These words stuck with me.
"If you are interested in my case, come at half past five 9 o'clock in the morning.
I will wait for you.
Misao Nakamura"
Misao, pretty girl, wait I'm coming!
She is an intelligent woman in her 30s who is lonely.
I don't know...
I think it's a sullen man in his 30s.
Silly, if that's the case, I'll have lost a Sunday!
Why would he have rented a car?
If he's on the phone, I should know if he's a man or a woman.
I didn't call him, kid!
I want to show up unannounced, so she'll be impressed.
Impress her for what purpose?
(Thinking) Oh, sir!
This Kogoro is incorrigible.
Conan, what do you think?
Is it a woman or a man?
Let's see, she has nice handwriting.
Oh, it's a woman, isn't it?
It's a woman, isn't it?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Father!
Alert!
Watch out!
I... I sit down, it's been a long time since I took a car.
I got lost for a moment and...
Forgive me, Misao! I'm so scared!
I won't forgive you!
I'll go back by train.
For once we've had a nice ride in the car with the family...
Did you say nice?
Look at the rays of sunlight filtering through these trees,
the birds singing...
Don't you feel more relaxed, daughter?
I breathe easy because we have arrived.
What do you think?
What can I say about this mansion,
in the middle of nature, surrounded by such a peaceful forest?
However... it's too lonely, for a woman alone!
Miss Misao, sorry to have kept you waiting.
Kogoro Mouri at your disposal.
I'm beginning to understand why the mother left home.
Yes?
What a surprise, at Kogoro Mouri!
You've finally come!
Come in, we'll make the introductions when we go in.
Yes...
You see?
I was right, father.
Sir, did you send this letter?
No, it was written by another member of the family.
The... your little sister?
No.
My little brother, Misao.
How do you do?
Ah... yes...
I inherited this mansion,
but I found it too big, so I came with my brother.
How did you do it?
I tried to move a shelf and...
That's a bad trick, being a writer...
It's a slight strain.
But the doctor gave me this bandage.
Come in, come in, come in, come in.
Hey, what's wrong with you, Conan?
Don't you find it strange?
At the top of this column there is a tiger,
and instead, not here, just these holes.
Why should they be useful?
Maybe they wanted to place something and changed their mind.
Hey!
Get inside, come on!
Yes!
What, Conan, shall we go in? Yes.
Oooooh!
What a cutie!
It's a fantastic collection.
All the furniture and tableware have drawings or animal shapes!
Ah!
This is a sea lion!
How cute!
But Ran, can't you see it's a walrus?
Is it?

Just looking at this scattering, I'm starting to choke.
You must have been surprised.
Our grandfather was an animal lover.
"The animals that hunt for a living are nobler than men,
who lie and devour the people
to realize their ambitions."
My grandfather used to say this.
You only talk about animals,
but he also had a lot of wall clocks.
It's natural, after all my grandfather was a watchmaker.
He was a watchmaker?
Yes, my grandfather's name was Monjiro Izubuchi.
His talent was well recognized and they often said:
"A Monjiro watch is worth a lifetime."
He was a skilled watchmaker.
Is this digital rabbit watch also his?
No, he only built mechanical watches.
The others he put together as a hobby.
This looks like... The digital watch has a crack in it.
Except for his creations,
he must have been very impetuous with other clocks.
Look, this one!
This one too!
That's strange, my grandfather was very careful with things.
There's something strange here too,
it looks like there was something stuck to it before.
It was supposed to fall and it came unstuck.
Eh?
This is Mr. Monjiro?
Yes.
It's a photo from many years ago.
Who is she, the girl in the photo?
She's a granddaughter of a friend of my grandfather's.
My little brother and I often took him golfing.
Then this golf bag must be Mr. Monjiro's.
Eh?
Demon?
It means demon!
They say it often.
When someone scores more than 100 times, he is called "The Golf Demon".
Since he didn't beat his mark, we gave him this bag!
"Demon" was the name of a gang of miscreants from the year of the itch, right?
Yes, he only stole from corrupt companies and immoral businessmen.
Burra, those were not called "Demon",
They were the Goblin, the Hurricane Bandits.
Excuse me, we should have helped.
(Think) "This one doesn't have any?
"On the other mugs there is a relief that adorns the handle,
but on this one there is none.
"They've filed off the remains of the highlight very carefully.
If it had broken off, you'd see the sign of having glued it on."
Conan!
Thanks!
I'll finish cleaning it up myself.
That's very kind of you.
I started to explain something.
What was it, that "singular event"?
Ah, yes.
It's about the clocks.
The clocks?
It's 48 minutes past 10.
We'll go first class.
Come to the studio, please.
I'll show you there.
Casum, this door is stuck somewhere.
Don't you remember anymore?
You have to hit it down, turn to the left and... You see?
Ah, yes, that's it.
Wow!
With the hot weather, how come the curtains are drawn?
He wrote it down.
It seems to us that someone is spying on us.
That's why we have them like this.
There's a hole, here!
Ah... Is that so?
He thinks this mansion is pretty stormy.
(Think) "Without a tool, you could never open such a neat hole.
Why should he want to, this hole?"
(Kogoro) What do they have, the clocks?
Uh, yeah... Of it... All cuckoo clocks...
Is this what you're looking for?
Yes, it's this one.
Coi...
At first glance it looks like an ordinary cuckoo clock.
-Is there anything special about it? -It will chime on the hour.
Of course it will!
It's a cuckoo clock!
No, it doesn't quite tell the time as it should.
It rings only once 10 minutes before 11 o'clock.
And only something strange comes out of the window.
A strange thing?
Take a look for yourself, please.
It won't take long.
I don't see anything happening.
Oh, that's strange.
I've seen it before.
And couldn't it be that it's broken?
That's impossible.
Grandfather clocks are famous because they never break down!
This is ridiculous.
Gentlemen, I'm going home!
Wait... wait, Mr. Mouri!
We want you to decipher another unusual fact.
(Thinking) Mm?
The video is set to record.
I've told them I'm going back and I'm going back!
(The alarms of many clocks go off instead)
What the fuck is this? (Alarms)
(Alarms)
This is crazy stuff!
All the clocks are going off at the same time! (Alarms)
The whole house?! (Alarm)
(thinks) "Even the video is running.
What the fuck is going on?"
(Alarms)
All the clocks are ringing at the same time? (Alarms)
"What the fuck is going on, if you can tell? (Alarms)
(Alarms)

Ca... Yikes.
"The video has only been running for a minute.
What makes it?"
(thump)
What was that?
It's a cat, a huge cat that lives in the attic.
He's cracked the mystery of why every day
all the clocks go off at the same time at 11 o'clock?
Maybe his grandfather, Mr. Monjiro, wanted to make a joke.
But if I wanted to make a joke,
I would set the alarm for all the clocks in the house.
But only the digital clocks went off.
Only the digital ones?
Neither that cuckoo clock
nor the alarm clocks nor the needle clocks have rung.
That's true.
All the analog clocks have their alarms turned off.
You must not have switched them off, right?
No, man.
We agreed that we would not touch them until we desxifréssim the enigma.
And not only the clocks, this video also worked.
The video? Yes.
I got it!
It is very clear.
I'm sure that every day at 11 o'clock there was a program he liked!
That's why he set the alarm clocks!
Don't you find so many alarm clocks too much?
Maybe it was hard for him to wake up.
If we look at the content of the video it will be crystal clear.
But this TV is not connected to an antenna.
It looks like this.
(Think) If he had it programmed, he didn't need alarm clocks, donkey!
Why did he set the alarms?
And this video... Wow!
Hey, look at this, these figures.
After the zero there is a strange crack.
Ah!
This digital clock also has one!
Guaita, in the same place!
-Now that you mention it, this one too.
In-and this one too.
The clocks in the living room also had similar cracks.
So what does it mean?
This number: 1, 1, 0...
Maybe Mr. Monjiro wanted to communicate...
A cryptogram.
Like ?!
It could be, couldn't it?
If "1 1 0" was a cryptogram,
it would be convincing that only the digital clocks would ring.
Because analog ones, we would only read eleven.
Hey, what do you mean, "1, 1, 0"?
1 1 0 is the number of the police.
And speaking of police... E
What's wrong?
It's a dog!
I got it!
If you're talking about the police, you must be talking about a police dog!
You mean that of all the animals you have, we had to choose a dog!
We'll split up,
we'll look for the dog watches and gather them in the living room.
There's bound to be something hidden in one of the dogs!
A Collie, a German Shepherd, a Siberian Husky, a Boxer,
Dobermann...
The typical police dog must be the Dobermann, but there is nothing.
And the Dalmatian?
Besides, they made a movie.
(Think) It should be "1 0 1".
There must be a dog left, though.
Find me, please.
Yes.
(Hums)
Let's see, a dog, a dog...
(Thinks) "What's the attic?
"Locked.
What are you doing?
In this room there is nothing.
Besides, the ladder has no railing, it's dangerous to climb.
Au, come down with me, boy.
In that room there is someone!
It's a cat, a cat!
If you drink wrong, the cat would be very sad.
Excuse me.
Conan, let's go back to the studio and see if we can find some more, shall we?
(Think) "It was the eyes of a person!
Why is it hidden?"
Conan!
Let's go!
We're looking for things that have some dog design on them.
Are you clear on that? Yes!
(Thinking) "It's strange, it's too strange...
"There's something going on, in this mansion.
"The "Goblin" file!
And if you mean...
"Just as I thought!
They are articles of the crimes of the Goblin, the Hurricane Bandits!
"How is it, that here is a file with these items?
"The Goblin's target was the hidden safes
corrupt businessmen or proceeds from illegal businesses.
"As they were quick and bright, they were called Hurricane Bandits,
and they always left a sinister goblin figurine at the scene of the crime.
"The name of the gang," Goblin ", is the name of an evil Western goblin
used by witches to dominate homes.
"It was a strange-looking demon.
"It's been more than 10 years
"since the Goblins suspended their activity.
"And they still haven't been able to arrest any members.

"Assumptions indicated that the band consisted of 8 members,
and the leader had the nickname "Demon."
"Demon?
"The name on the golf bag was also Demon!
"A mirror... Eh?
"It's fixed on the table. Why?
"Come to think of it, on the back wall there was a hole.
"And above the hole is the cuckoo clock.
"The hole in the wall, a fixed mirror facing the hole...
and that at the same time looks up, where the cuckoo clock is."
(Caller)
Ran ?!
Ran!
I'm coming!
What happened, Ran?!
A... it...
(terrified screams)
Three demon figures...
Demons aren't animals!
Why did he have to put something so sinister, there?
(Thinks) "These aren't just any demons!
"They're Goblins!
"The Hurricane Bandits would leave a figurine identical to those
at the scene of the crime!
"But why are there 3?
What kind of mystery did he want to hide, behind those three goblins?"
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Don't tell me that these figurines...
Aaaaah!
Nothing wrong with him?
Nothing, nothing special.
(Thinking) Now I understand.
I know what's going on, here.
In the next chapter...
The mysterious mansion of the band of evildoers, part two...
The clue to the next Conan is...
A door!
I will unravel the mystery of the demons!
I don't find them so unpleasant.
What?

