(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"Today we crack the riddle of the mansion.
"The truth always comes out in the end.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "In Kogoro he received a letter from Misao Nakamura
requesting him to solve the enigma
of the mansion he had inherited.
"The mansion was full of riddles.
"A sculpture of a tiger on a column at the entrance....
"Strange holes in the column on the other side of the staircase....
"The house full of clocks...
"A clock that must have had something attached to it that had disappeared....
"As soon as it was 11 o'clock,
"all the digital clocks started beeping at the same time.
"The video programmed to record one minute....
"A crack in the same place on the glass of the digital clocks....
"Everything indicated that this montage wanted us to understand something.
"What's more, in the attic, it looked like someone was hiding.
"In a drawer I found a file
with many newspaper clippings related to the "Goblin"..,
the Hurricane Bandits, who disappeared 10 years ago.
"A golf bag with the word " Demon ",
the name of the Goblin ringleader.
"And something mysterious: the mirror on the table was fixed
and underneath the cuckoo clock there was a hole in the wall.
"At ten past one o'clock, out of the cuckoo clock came....
three monstrous figures of demons.
"They were goblins!
What was the key to solving this mystery?"
The mysterious mansion of the band of evildoers, part two.
A cuckoo clock from which demons come out!
Demons are not animals!
Why did he put that so sinister?
(He thinks) "They're not just any demons!
"They're goblins!
The Hurricane Bandits left a figure just like the crime scene."
This is that unusual thing I told you about!
What's that?
Ah!
This is it!
There are letters on the head of the demons!
Oh!
What is this?
The one on the right is wearing a yerra...
The one in the middle, an en...
And the one on the left, an L...
Although the letters of the demons on the sides
mean Left for left and Right for right,
what's an "E" doing in the center?
Does it mean North?
Ooh.
It's hidden!
Exactly what time did they come out, the devils?
Ten past one.
Ten past one... In this case, we're back to 1 1 0.
But it's strange.
Other times, they left 10 minutes before 11 o'clock.
(Think) "Not at 10 past 1, but 10 minutes before 11?
That means..."
Don't tell me that the figurines... are those figurines.
Aaaaaaaaaah!
-What's wrong with him? -No, no, nothing special.
(Thinking) "Now I understand. Now I begin to see clearly.
"I understand what's going on, here!
"But it's still early. I haven't solved the mystery yet!
"Mr. Monjiro left some rather unusual clues
and made a montage that must make some sense.
"The fact that all the digital clocks ring at the same time at 11,
and the video...
"The crack that we found in the same place to the digital clocks....
"That at ten past one o'clock the cuckoo clock suddenly chimes....
"And then... the three demons.
"But at the end of the demons appear marked the ella, the ene and the yerra.
"What key will solve this mystery?
Ah, I've got it!
Eh?
What's the matter?
I guess while we were looking for animals for the house, you saw it.
I missed something!
A lion, a lion!
I haven't seen one!
It's very simple, design things with a lion on them.
Donkey!
If you want lions, you have two at the front door!
What?
There was one?
It's impossible to put an animal like this mixed in with all the animals.
He's the king of all beasts!
(Think) The king?
But what catches you?
What's wrong with you, Conan?
When I think I get a few laughs.
What a strange boy.
(Thinking) "If everything goes as I think, we only have a coded message.
"But wait...

"If this were the case, the letters of the clock....
"The zero would be equivalent to the" or "of the Latin alphabet.
"But the 3 letters are the ella, the ene and the yerra.
"Maybe the message of the cuckoo clock
has a different meaning than that of the digital clocks.
"If so...
"Ten past one..." 1 1 0 "...
"The she, the yerra and the ene that the demons carry out....
"Three demons...
"Triplets...
"Triplets?
"L, R, N!
"Wait!
"It could be that...
"It could be that...
Indeed, I've already solved the whole mystery!"
Conan!
Where are you?
Conan?
Hey, where did you go?
Where are you, in Kogoro?
Although it is the study thinking the solution of the encrypted message.
It's almost dark already!
It's normal, you're nervous...
But...
You have time until it gets completely dark.
If you think until then, perhaps you will find the answer.
I don't get it!
Digital clocks chiming simultaneously at 11 o'clock in the morning.
In the frame of those clocks,
a crack between one, one, zero and the other zero.
And then the cuckoo clock that chimed at ten past one.
Here we also have "1, 1, 0".
Everybody says "1, 1, 0."
What is it, "1, 1, 0"?
Is it the phone to call the police as I thought?
Give up and go home.
(thinks) "If I wanted to say "110",
I would have set the clocks to one and 10."
Do you feel me, Father?
Father.
Father!
Father!
Shut up, you bore!
If you want to go back, you can go alone!
Don't be angry...
(Think) Soon, very soon.
"1, 1, 0", "1, 1, 0", "1, 1, 0"... Sure, a zebra!
When he refers to "1, 1",
he's talking about the drawings made by the zebra's skin!
We must examine all the zebras in the house!
But if it were the case, I would have put it at 11 and 11 minutes.
And besides, tigers also have stripes.
That's true... And there are also cats with stripes.
Who is stronger, the zebra or the tiger?
Eh?
The tiger.
So, the tiger is the best?
The best of all is the lion, boy.
Of course the lion!
The lion!
Being the king of the sixty beasts!
Sixty?
Ximplet, they say, "He is the king of all beasts."
"Hyaku Ju no" ?!
That's 1,100 in Japanese, right?
Sure, I got it!
110 is "all beasts," and the zero left, "King."
The message says that the lion is "King of all beasts!"
The crack between the zeros
wanted to lead us to think that we had to separate the 110 from the 0.
If we examine the lions we will decipher this enigma!
B... but I don't see any lions.
Mr. Monjiro was supposed to take out the lions that did not interest him
so that we would look at what he was interested in.
So he had to take out the lion from that column!
Just the wood!
Then the lions in question must be the ones at the entrance.
If we examine them, we will surely find something!
I don't see anything that makes it any different.
This looks like it.
Also, how do you explain the letters on the cuckoo clock?
If it refers to the king of beasts, it would have come out an "o", don't you find?
Indeed.
We cannot put this of the beasts and the letters in the same bag.
Maybe it has another meaning.
That was only the cuckoo clock.
It is not unthinkable, but then what is it talking about?
Can "1, 1, 0" be read in any other way?
One and 10. We play with a 1 and a 10.
"One"... and... 10... "To" ..
1, must, "ichi, tone, hay, to".
Hito?
Ito?
Ito!
It's ITO!
Did Mr. Monjiro have any acquaintance called Ito?
I don't know...
And an Uch-ITO or a Sa-Ito?
Think about it!
What's so funny?
What's so funny?
It's so funny!
By changing the letters of the heads, you could write different names.
Well, I don't find it funny at all.
Well, all the figurines had a letter on their heads...
And all 3 were identical.
(Think) "All 3 had on their heads the ella, the ene and the yerra.
"Identical... Capital letters...
Something that looks like the result of putting "1, 1, 0" after the ella, the ene and the yerra.
after the she, the she, the she, the she, the she and the she."
Of course!
So that's what it was!
The message of the cuckoo clock is the she, the she, the ene and the yerra.
That's why the demons are the common thread of 3 similar words:
Light, Night and Right.

At night, if the light touches the lion on the right, some will pass.
You look fantastic, father!
But if there was light, it has touched it squarely before.
Mm?
Well, it's true...
Gee, what could this be?
Behind the lion on the right there is something.
If you don't look closely you can't see it, but it looks like it has to be opened!
Yes, it's true!
I've got it!
If you shine a beam of light through this hole... Look!
-Oh!
-It's... it's amazing!
Ran, close the door with the lamp as it is set, please!
The... the light is reflected!
Of course it is!
Inside the column there is a mirror!
So much so, we'll follow the light for now!
The light passes through the hole in the wall and enters the studio!
It's the hole in the wall of the studio!
All right, now into the studio!
Have you found out anything?
No, you stay where you are with the lamp and close the door!
What? What?
Even longer?
(Cuckoo clock sounds)
What is it, this noise? (Cuckoo)
(Cuckoo)
No demons have come out, it's a pigeon! (Cuckoo)
Now I understand...
The light that enters from outside is reflected in the mirror
and illuminates the cuckoo clock from below.
Surely inside there is a photometer.
And it must also contain a mechanism
that prevents the sunlight from activating the spring.
On the pigeon there is something.
A wristwatch?
Ooooh!
I'm sure it's a present Grandpa wanted to give me!
Gee, it must cost a fortune, it's full of precious stones.
If they were real, it would be worth tens of millions of yen.
Of course it would!
Because in fact this...
...is a stolen item I was hiding in Demon,
none of the Goblin, the Hurricane Gang.
The Goblin boss?
In Demon?
I'm talking about Mr. Monjiro, the grandfather who used to live here!
The figurines on the cuckoo clock were identical
to the figurines that the gang left at the scene of the crime.
From what we have seen, the gang gave him this bag.
Also, these two men are not the ones who wrote to him.
In the letter he had written this:
"I haven't long moved in, I don't know the house well,
and I can't solve it without help."
Instead, they knew how to open the jammed door.
The cuckoo clock was supposed to strike ten past one,
and they were mistaken in telling us that it chimed 10 minutes before 11 o'clock.
They were confused because they had not seen the clock running directly.
They peeped through a hole
and saw the inverted image of the clock reflected in the mirror.
When the sender of the letter said that someone was spying on her, she meant these men!
she was referring to these men!
Moreover, Misao's name corresponds to a woman.
How!
Guaita however, look at the stamp on the letter!
There is a trace of lipstick left, the seal.
What?
It is true!
When you licked it for sticking it!
I guess you've already noticed something so simple, right, Kogoro?
Uh, yeah, right... So, this means...
Correct answer.
We are the remaining members of the Goblin.
We've come to take the last of the jewels that were in our heads.
To get the jewels?
Yes.
When the gang broke up,
our boss gave us practically all the loot,
but he kept the most valuable jewels.
The precious stones embedded in this watch, right?
When he died we set out to find them in this mansion,
which we had used as a hideout,
but we found that someone was living there.
That person is the one who was locked in the attic.
She is the real Miss Misao.
When we put her in there she kept screaming and gave us headaches.
She kept saying, "Get ready, a very famous detective is coming!"
But then we thought her visit came at the best time.
I would impersonate her
and you would be in charge of deciphering the coded message in our head.
Au, give me this watch,
if you give it to me without fooling around, you'll save my life.
Well, you've got it!
You bastard!
What's going on here?
What a fuss...
Don't move or I'll escanyaré this girl!
Ah!
Ran!
Let her go!
He's... he's "KO'd" her.
Ah, how scary...
Ah, you can see...
Come on, let's go!
We must call the police quickly!
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.

Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "It took no time at all for the police to arrive at the house.
"The delinquents, who were still unconscious,
were taken away by ambulance,
and they were able to free Misao unharmed.
She was the girl in the photo with Mr. Monjiro."
Was that it?
This was inside the cuckoo clock?
Surely, Mr. Monjiro embedded into the clock
the precious stones he had been stealing.
If the sleeve was hidden, it is possible that she would not be discovered.
A stolen object is a stolen object, I can't accept it.
Besides, I have received something more valuable from Grandfather.
The combination he devised that is now in this mansion.
For a writer of mystery stories, it's the best gift!
But I don't deserve it....
You can keep it.
It's not for me, it would be a prize for the person who finds it.
So, can I keep it? Father!
(Thinking) "You're wrong, it's not for you, Kogoro.
"This watch, Mr. Monjiro made it for Misao.
"Look at the hands on the face of the watch.
Two quarters of 4. It stands at the word Misao."
Mr. Nakai!
This is...
And the next chapter...
The Exclusive Photographs Murder Case!

