(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"The photographs reflect it all.
"Today we will end up knowing a great truth.
He has the brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The case of the murder of the exclusive photographs!
(Off) "On that day, I..., no, Kogoro,
received an invitation from a client for whom I had solved a case
and we went to the awards ceremony.
We then announced the results.
The prize for the thirty-fifth edition of "The best information" in the press photography section
in the press photography section goes to...
for the work of Mr. Ryuichi Yanase!
Hurray!
Thank you very much.
I have to thank the goddess of fortune for this award,
who came down with the gift of chance and luck,
and on my talent...
These awards are so important?
In the journalistic world it is the best thing they can give you.
Winners get contracts
to work in the important European media.
Now they will present the finalists.
They are all about fires.
They are taken at the most shocking moments.
I am pleased to have been able to approach the famous Kogoro Mouri.
A photographer who looks for crimes and a detective who reveals them.
This meeting will not bring us bad luck, I hope.
Pleased to meet you.
And now... Pleased to meet you.
Your photographs are formidable.
How do you take them?
It's all thanks to God.
When the fire broke out,
I happened to be passing by.
Chance?
You can count...
Damn you... You're even here?!
About it... who are you?
You are Mr. Kogoro Mouri, I believe.
I'm the one you see.
Pleased to meet you.
"Akira Nakai. Reporter."
You'll soon be busy taking care of Mr. Yanase.
Miserable, if you don't stop poking me...
Are you sure?
This is...?!
Stop joking around!
What is it, that white powder? It can't be.
Is it dope?
It's lime.
Lime?
What did he mean, then?
(Phone)
Father, put on.
I have my hands full! (Phone)
I'll get it, Ran. (Phone)
Mr. Kogoro Mouri's office.
Hello?
Hello!
This is Nakai.
Put the detective on!
Mr. Mouri is in bed.
What are you saying?
He's gone to sleep?!
Wake them up!
I must explain something.
It's a problem that puts my life at stake!
(Think) At stake life?
Wait a second!
Kogoro, wake up!
Kogoro!
I can't drink anymore...
(Thinking) Geez, he won't let me choose.
(Kogoro's voice) They've already passed me the phone.
Ah, finally it's on!
It's been a long time coming!
What is it, what puts your life at stake?
Well, a man wants to charge me.
If anything happens to me, I want you to investigate.
What do I have to investigate? I already told you, man!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
What happened to you, Mr. Nakai?!
Sit me down, Mr. Nakai?
Mr. Nakai!
Sit me down?
Mr. Nakai!
What if he's been...?
Kogoro, wake up!
Kogoro!
I can't drink anymore...
(Think) casum, you leave me no choice.
Mr. Nakai's card!
Cab!
Sir, bring me here!
The father has run away from home!
(Think) What?
All right, trust me, boy!
(Think) eagerness, please.
Aphan s.
Mr. Nakai!
That's the one...
And now.
It was chance.
I have to thank God again.
Really, he's a very lucky press photographer.
But as lucky as he is, there are masses of coincidences.
How did it go, father?
Has she been murdered?
Has the reporter Nakai been killed?
It seems that's not the case.
Eh?!
What do you mean, Father?!
Well, he had a head wound.
But according to the autopsy, he was drunk, fell and hit himself.
That's not true.
This fire is not considered a crime, but an accidental fire.
And the cause of the fire?
They say it originated in the kitchen sink.

The kitchen sink ?
A cigarette butt set something on fire, perhaps?
It's the place in the house that has burned most viciously.
Whichever way you look at it, it's an unfortunate accident.
Conan!
Let him do it, let him do it.
Testifying for a case in the morning has left me starving.
Let's eat!
(Think) "Yesterday, Ryuchi Yanase called Kogoro at 2/4 of 11.
"I took the cab, and arrived here 10 minutes before 11.
"If we take into account the way the flames had advanced,
the fire must have started after they hung up the phone.
"In Yanase I would take the pictures from there.
"If I didn't go by car,
I couldn't get there in time to do the job.
"This is...
an exit for highway bus passengers!
"It's the same height as Mr. Nakai's apartment!
"For a place where you happen to stop by chance, it's an optimal location!
"And you get there in 3 minutes!
"This dust...
"It's lime!
"The fire originated in the kitchen sink.
If this were the case..."
One of these, please.
Yes.
This is it!
Admittedly, it's a magnificent photograph.
Moreover, it reflects the decisive moment.
(Adult voice) I'd like you to analyze this, Dr. Agasa.
Especially the image in the background.
Do you see the mirror?
A mirror?
Ah, yes, there is one!
It reflects the image of the kitchen.
It's true, it is clearly visible.
Can you make an enlargement and make it sharper?
Maybe without the negative it won't be possible.
No, don't think so.
Let me do it, Conan.
(Computer) The doctor smiles.
In process.
I thought so, so we can not know what is reflected.
Don't be impatient, this has just begun.
Let's see, yesterday's time...,
the time of the fire..,
the position of the moon and stars...
The heat of the flames must have had this intensity.
You are a prodigy, Dr. Agasa! No doubt about it.
Wow!
Did you get anything, Shinichi? Yes.
I knew it was the murderer!
The murderer is that photographer in Yanase!
But this is circumstantial evidence.
If he denies the facts, it's all over.
The photographer Yanase I think will be on TV tomorrow.
They have announced the program.
On TV?
He'll be on TV?
He's the man of the day.
He even has his own program.
His guest will be on Mouri.
On Kogoro?!
This means it's my last chance.
Yes sir, he's the man of the day.
How envious.
Doctor, I need your collaboration.
You too will become the man of the day.
Really?!
-Thank you for coming. -You're welcome.
My pleasure.
A summons from the police?
Yes, I have to go pay a traffic ticket.
A traffic ticket?
This day, seeing the fire, I'm going to push the accelerator too hard.
And the surveillance camera photographed me.
The photographer looking for the decisive moment,
photographed at a decisive moment.
There is to laugh.
(He thinks) It could be that this man...
Conan, where are you going?
(Voice Kogoro) With the superior police headquarters.
This is Kogoro Mouri.
Get me Inspector Megure.
Come on, Mr. Mouri, we'll get started soon.
They've finally made up their minds!
Kogoro, come closer, come closer.
What the hell do you want?!
I'm busy now!
You've got some junk on your neck.
I'll take it off now.
Thank you.
(Think) I've stuck the speaker button, all set!
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning.
I am Ryuichi Yanase.
The first guest of the first program "Yanase's World" is a famous detective, Mr. Kogi Kogi.
is a famous detective, Mr. Kogoro Mouri.
Mr. Mouri is a famous detective
who has taken a curious nickname: "Sleeping Kogoro".
We will talk about this particularity...
Mr. Mouri, is anything wrong?
(Kogoro voice) No, not at all.
Mr. Yanase, excuse me for getting to the point,
but it would be very interesting to talk about that crime directly.
I will be direct.
You are the author of that arson
and the murder of reporter Nakai.
What did you say?
Eh?!
But is it true?
It can't be true.
But what did he say?
If that's what you want, I'll follow the grain.
But I want to make it clear that this has nothing to do with reality.
Speak, I'm listening.
-They're already improvising at the first program! -Extraordinary!
The duel of the century!

To begin with, at that time, I was taking pictures on the highway.
Could I set fire to Mr. Nakai's apartment, from where it was?
It is very simple.
If I used the exit stopover for bus passengers,
I could get from the scene to where I was taking pictures in 3 minutes.
You used it.
(Off) "He went to Mr. Nakai's apartment,
attacked him and knocked him unconscious.
"And after preparing a combustion device,
he returned to the highway, from where he photographed the fire."
Wow... Can you tell me if they discovered that combustion device?
No.
They didn't find it.
It must have burned.
Then what grounds do you have for accusing me like that?
Lime.
Specifically, the quicklime!
It was that, your combustion device!
With quicklime,
unlike the slaked lime used to mark playing fields,
a chemical reaction takes place if water is added,
an exothermic reaction that can reach 300 degrees.
Something that allows this calorific power to be used is hot sake.
If, following this model, a similar device is constructed by putting envelopes with quicklime
by putting envelopes with quicklime
and the lime is made to combust by leaking water,
we can cause a small fire.
You put the quicklime in the sink at the scene of the incident
and made the tap water drip.
And because you had left combustible materials nearby,
they ignited everything right away.
The photographs with which you were awarded,
he would take them following this procedure.
And the victim, who knew it, intimidated her.
That's impressive.
Yes, sir, it's feasible to set up a setup like this,
but you don't have any conclusive evidence like a photograph.
I do have one.
The photograph you took is my conclusive proof.
As you say ?!
Doctor Agasa!
What's the matter?
I didn't know anything!
Doc... doctor!
We will now show you this conclusive evidence.
Let's go ahead!
Let's see, first of all, the kitchen faucet.
Look carefully at the handle.
If we lower the handle, we have it in the position where the water comes out.
Here we find it very low.
At the time the fire started, water was coming out.
So that you had to activate the combustion device.
You mean?
Maybe the faucet was left on by an oversight.
What happened to the wristwatch that was given to you
as a souvenir of the awards ceremony?
I checked with the secretariat and it is an exclusive piece of jewelry,
no other like it.
Then, how come it is in the kitchen of the victim's apartment?
(murmurs)
When he was regulating the water from the faucet,
she took it off because it got wet and was left there, right?
As it was close to where the fire originated,
it has been half charred.
I'm sorry to tell you, but it was stolen.
When, it was stolen?
Immediately after the ceremony.
Now I understand, of course!
That Nakai who died stole it from me!
I see you'll deny the facts to the end.
Go ahead, inspector!
Victoria!
(Think) What I was missing.
Ouch...
I have prepared this at the request of Detective Kogoro Mouri.
It is the data from the surveillance camera
that photographs speeding cars.
He photographed at 10:20 pm.
10 minutes before I received the call from the victim.
Dr. Agasa, can you enter it into the computer, please?
This is a done deal.
And now, zoom in, please.
Yes, sir!
It's the wristwatch,
which you claim was stolen from you after the ceremony.
How did you come out with the watch on
in the photos taken before the fire?
The fact that that watch went to Mr. Nakai's apartment,
proves that you went to the scene!
The photographer who was looking for the decisive moment,
ended up being photographed at the decisive moment.
That can't be right.
It's ridiculous.
I think that as a photographer you have forgotten the most important concept of all,
you have forgotten the most important concept of all.
In Japanese, the term photography is equivalent to a description of the truth.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")
Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.

Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I've been told, the ratings have been overwhelming.
It may sound sarcastic, but I'm also the man of the day.
Gee, where is it, the father?
(Think) I forgot about Kogoro!
Hello, pretty lady!
I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
The Yoko runs around here?
They murdered her little sister and buried her in the garden?
But entering someone else's garden is a crime.
(He thinks) "I wonder if there is a corpse buried here, though.
What's he wearing on his head, Mr. Koda?"
And the next chapter...
The case of the mystery of Mogra, the alien, part one.

