(Off) "Finding someone special is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"Today we solve the enigma of en Mogra.
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult,
and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "In Mitsuhiko, the Ayumi in Genta, and I were playing
in a building under construction that had stopped work,
and the ball went into the mansion next door.
"The owner of the mansion, in Watanuki, kicked us out.
"We went to Kogoro's office where he had waiting in Masao Koda,
"amassed in Mogra the Alien who appears in 'Yaiba the Masked'.
"His little sister had disappeared.
"She had been murdered by Mr. Watanuki.
"The murderer buried her in his garden,
"and Mr. Koda wanted us to look for her.
"But sneaking into someone's garden and digging is illegal.
"In Kogoro refused the request and in Koda left in anger.
"Since we assumed that he would go and dig it up the
while Mr. Watanuki was out of his house,
we were on the lookout.
"Then, there was a robbery at a jewelry store.
"The perpetrator was Masao Koda.
What if his real target was...?"
The case of the mystery of Mogra, the extraterrestrial, part two.
Where is he, in Mogra the alien?
Genta, stop calling him Mogra the alien,
it only resembles him.
Why is that?
It was you, who called him like that!
-Look!
It's that gentleman! -It's Mogra the alien!
What... what do we do, Genta?
Spy on him.
Let's go. (Genta)
(Genta) What's he doing?
-Didn't he want to dig in the garden? -What if I leave you my shovel?
We watch him for a little while longer.
(Think) If my deductions are correct, Mr. Koda...
Nobody called me?
I'm sorry, sir, in our hospital we don't call patients for that.
Who was supposed to make that call?
In the first district of Beika, please come in!
Genta, it's me, at Mitsuhiko!
Can you feel me?
Captain here, what's up Mitsuhiko?!
-He's taken a cab and is coming here! -Message received!
What do we do, Aymi?
Mm... We should explain to him what's going on.
Sir!
Mr. Watanuki will be here soon!
If he doesn't run away, they'll find him!
March!
Ah, Conan!
I knew it!
How do you mean?
How did you know?
Mr. Koda...
Hey... What the hell are you doing, damn it?!
Let go of me!
I'll show them everything you did!
What are you talking about?!
(PUNCH)
Oysters!
You've hit the alien in Mogra.
Get out of here!
Get out of here immediately!
And you too!
How scary.
Ah, what is it, that?
Something's shining!
It's the Sanae's earring!
A piece of glass.
Shit, shit, shit!
If I may, I'll call, sir.
You wanted to turn yourself in to the police, didn't you?
I know an inspector who will help you.
So, you're Inspector Megure.
I've been expecting you.
What's the meaning of this, Mr. Koda?
You robbed the jewelry store?
Yes!
I've scattered the precious stones I've stolen in this garden
and buried them.
I don't remember where they are, so you'll have to lift the whole garden.
As you say ?!
What are they, those holes?
Mr. Koda made them.
In some of the holes are stones.
If they don't lift everything, they won't know which holes contain the jewels.
So, you have committed the robbery
with the intention of having the police dig up the whole garden!
You mean you didn't plan to escape?
You wanted some time to bury the precious stones.
That's why he dropped that precious stone at the station
and made it look like he had run away.
This is the reproduction I used in the robbery.
Are you Mr. Yoshikazu Watanuki?
Uh, yes...
Mr. Mouri told me about your relationship with Koda.

Does it allow us to dig in the garden?
No way! no way!
By what right?
It is imperative that we do it to investigate the theft.
Or are we to understand that it doesn't suit you that we dig for some reason?
I have nothing to hide, I, inspector!
In this case... Takagi, call Headquarters!
(At the same time) Hurray! You did it, sir!
Yes...
(Thinking) "What do you mean, that smile?
It can't be...?"
The jewels are quite small.
Dig everything without leaving a corner!
Inspector!
Only the precious stones have come out.
There is no trace of the body.
This is impossible!
You must search thoroughly!
We've already searched thoroughly!
Where else do you want us to dig, master?
You have tilled it with extraordinary skill.
Since you're here, you can fix my orchard.
How about it, Mr. Inspector?
Mr. Koda!
Mr. Koda...
Quiet!
The Sanae is here!
She's buried somewhere in this garden!
Don't think I don't understand.
But it's useless to continue.
Sanae... Sanae!
Mr. Koda was taken away by the police?
Yes, for whatever reason, he committed a robbery.
But how come they didn't find the body?
Because there wouldn't be any body.
Mr. Koda has made a mistake.
His sister wasn't murdered by Mr. Watanuki,
she must have disappeared for some other reason.
(Thinking) "No! His sister was killed by Mr. Watanuki!
"The smile on his face....
That face is irrefutable proof!"
But on the night of May 8,
his sister said she would miss Watanuki,
and would return home.
Yes, co-workers also said so.
Ah, Kogoro, have you gone to the company?
Is there any news?
There is always something, but nothing important.
I heard that some daisy seeds were distributed.
Daisy then?
Yes, Mr. Koda told us about it.
His sister was very fond of daisies.
Now, the most plausible possibility
is that she got involved in some incident
on her way from the company to the Watanuki place
and disappeared without a trace.
They are now working on this hypothesis.
Conan, you believe that Mr.
Watanuki is the girl's killer?
Yes, I have no doubt.
But they haven't found the body.
There is a possibility that the corpse is under the floor of the mansion.
If so, someone should feel how he made the hole in the floor.
Shall we look in the library?
In the library?
If we consult the newspapers of May 8, maybe we'll find out something.
You're right.
But we don't have to check the 8th.
This happened on the night of the 8th, so they won't talk.
Oh!
On the 22nd and 23rd they put on a show at Yaiba
the department store of Tohti!
Genta, my dear, the newspaper you are reading is from last month!
Besides, we already went to see that show?!
-Oh, really? -You should know!
There is no article.
Listen Conan...
From the night of the 8th to the dawn of the 9th the Levant was blowing hard.
-What does it have to do with the case? -Nothing, I just...
Guys, I don't think we'll get any clues.
Let's see Mr. Mochida, who felt the hole being opened.
It happened more than a month ago and he was drunk,
I don't remember much.
You left this street and went down this alley.
Yes, they were working on the roadway of this street
and they were making a lot of noise.
I went into the alley, and I lit a cigarette.
Then I heard it.
From the house on the left I could hear the sound of a shovel.
Was this house here?
Well, I don't know, I was so drunk...
Yeah, sure, the sound was coming from the left.
Could you imitate everything you did at that moment?
Yes, I could.
There was a construction truck stopped there.
As I was thinking that it was a nuisance,
I went into the alley.
Yes, here I lit the cigarette.
(Thinking) Wait, this is the east.
Sir, that day there was a strong wind blowing in your face!
Eh?!
Yes, well yes...
(Off) "The wind was very strong and I put out the lighter.
I turned around and lit it."
Eh?
This means...

The left is the right, the right is the left....
I don't get it!
(Think) "I got it! Then, that day...!
This lid will be our goal!
Done!
I get it!"
What?
Have you figured out where the corpse is?!
Yes!
We, the Junior Detective League, found it!
Well let's see, where is it?
Leave them alone, this bunch of kids are just talking nonsense.
But Shinichi thinks so too and told us that it is so.
I beg your pardon?! Conan, have you seen Shinichi?
No, no, it's just that I explained everything to him over the phone.
I asked him to call Inspector Megure.
That should be it now.
Come with us?
What?
Where do we have to go?
What does it mean, this comedy, Mr. inspector?
Give me an explanation.
Eh...
Yes... Are you really sure what to do, kids?
If Shinichi hadn't called me, I wouldn't have done it, something like that.
Trust me, Mr. Inspector.
Well, then, let's get started.
On the night of May 8th, Mr. Koda's little sister,
as she said when she left the company, stopped by.
As Mr. Koda deduced, Mr. Watanuki murdered her!
How can you say such things?
Yesterday they dug up my garden.
But he didn't bury the body in this garden,
but somewhere quite different.
Please tell me!
Where did you bury my sister?!
If we go to the second floor you will know! Follow me, everybody!
Hey, wait a minute!
Which corner of this room should the body be buried in?
It's not in this room.
It's here!
What do you want to show us?!
It's the ground of the apartment building under construction.
There, where your sister's body is buried.
When the crime was committed,
the construction of those apartments was on schedule.
If he buried the body there, he knew it would never be found again.
This reassured him.
But 15 days ago an unexpected event took place!
Suddenly they stopped the construction of the apartment building!
Does this mean that the block of apartments will be demolished?
That can't be ruled out.
And if they do, they will discover the body.
-I can't sleep at night! -I'll be on the lookout with my binoculars!
That's why, apart from going to the hospital,
Watanuki tended to stay at home all the time.
That way he could keep an eye on what was going on in the building lot.
But I couldn't access the lot.
It's surrounded by a hermetic seal
and at the time of the events, the entrances are locked.
He speaks as if he had checked.
-No, they did it not long ago.
Conan!
How to get in?
If we ask Mr. Koda, I'm sure he'll give us ideas.
Coincidentally, he used the same method as Koda.
Eh?
You mean...?!
-Of course! -I get it!
The sewer!
That night, there was a truck stopped at the entrance to the alley.
The back door of his house was at a dead angle.
Indeed, you can get there by going through the culvert.
On the night of May 8,
much of Main Street was under construction.
Even if he dug the trench with a shovel,
no one would find the noise suspicious.
But Mr. Mochida appeared.
Oi, Mr. Watanuki?
Murderer!
Why did you kill my sister?!
In... do you have any proof?
All we've heard so far is the conjecture of that boy!
What does it matter, that we were able to enter this plot of land?
This could have been done by anyone!
Besides, where is the body?
Speak up!
Here it is.
The body of Mr. Koda's sister is under this floor.
What are you saying?!
How do you know it's exactly here?
Look at this.
Daisies?
Sure!
He received some daisy seeds from his co-workers.
And when she buried it, those seeds were supposed to germinate.
I didn't want to kill her...
When she denied me compensation, I lost my nerve.
You can forget about doing business with me!
Oh, my goodness!
Yes... please wait, Mr. Watanuki!
Mr. Watanuki!
Quiet!
Sanae...
(Off) That night, they found the sister's body under the daisy.
(Title: "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake")

Doushite Futari wa deatta no?
Konno ni sabishii Yuuhi wo Miru nante.
Ki no kiita kotoba sagashite mo
hanareta kokoro wo tsunagu kotoba nakute.
Dekiru dake no egao de té wo fureba,
Chotto dake demo kirei ni mieru no ka na.
Negaigoto Hitotsu dake kanaete kureru nara,
kizutsukeatta ay hajimaranai you ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "The charges against in Koda for the robbery
were reduced by extenuating circumstances.
"Mr. Koda took the daisy in his hometown.
"I know my little sister will not return,
but I will take care of this plant as if I were taking care of her. ", he said.
Thus the case of the mystery of Mogra the alien was solved."
By the way, Conan...
What do you want?
Tell me, Ran.
You talked to Shinichi on the phone, didn't you?!
Y... yes...
(Thinking) Help...
Hey, where is Shinichi now?!
Eh, well, it's that.... I don't... Answer me once and for all, Conan!
(Think) It's worse than in Mogra, how scary!
Watch out, a car.
Ayumi!
Shit! (Kogoro voice)
(Kogoro voice) Who has murdered Mr. Ishikura...
...is you, Mr. Ishido!
In the next chapter...
The case of the great chase of the Junior Detective League!
The next Conan's clue is: Murky Water!
And the next chapter: (Ayumi) It's your fault, Genta!
(Genta) In Genta is in danger.

