(Off) "What makes people find each other is an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"On the menu today, renowned deductions.
He has the brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "In the cooking class where Ran went,
an incident took place while there was a blackout.
"Teacher Michi Uemori was killed.
"With a string and ice, the murderer made a set-up
in the meter room to lower the main switch.
"As a result of the investigations,
the hypothesis that the killer was an outsider was ruled out."
Cooking class murder case, part two
The assembly of the ice in the meter room
could have been done by any one of the four of you.
There is a refrigerator here, so they could have taken the ice from home.
The question would be the crim weapon.
Yes.
Miss Yuko, does this class have an ice crusher?
Yes, next to that electric oven, in the bottom drawer.
Inspector!
These skewers also have a sharp point.
Miss Yuko, do you always check how many there are?
Yes.
I'm sure there are 10.
Well, you're wrong.
There are only 9.
No way!
Yesterday I counted them and there were 10!
This is the murder weapon!
The murderer had previously stolen the skewer
and stabbed her in the dark!
You mean he stabbed her with something that has no handle?
If I were the murderer, I would choose something with a handle.
(Think) The back wound looked a little thinner.
We should check everyone's personal effects 4.
He's right.
Please leave what you're carrying on the table.
An apron, a pen, a handkerchief and the class recipes.
No skewers.
Mrs. Kazue, you are the only one.
Why are you carrying a file and a brush?
What's wrong with it?
You talk to me as if I have to worry!
After Kazue arrived, did you leave the classroom?
Yes, I went to the washroom.
I understand!
You are the murderer, Mrs. Kazue!
What do you mean?
-Kazue?!
-It can't be!
You stole the skewer while Miss Yuko was going to the toilet!
Even if it was dark, you knew where the teacher was
and you could stab her with precision,
because she's used to wearing sunglasses.
Your eyesight must be used to seeing in the dark!
Stop joking!
You should know that I wear these glasses
because with age, I've begun to resent the intense light!
Mrs. Kazue, while you were in class,
you didn't leave your bag in the dining room and put it at your feet.
Why did you do that?
Because it is more practical to leave it closer!
To get the skewer out more quickly.
I don't carry any skewer!
And I would not have been able to stab it, with a bronquette without handle.
But I could make an improvised handle!
With this you have here, the brush
If you do this, you already have the handle!
Oh!
It's true!
And then you've hidden the murder weapon in here!
In this sorter!
No, it's not!
This is absurd!
It must have been between the rings!
Excuse me, the skewer that you had lost, is this it?
A support.
Of course it is.
I'm sure the mother put it on.
Yesterday she told me: "I don't know if I'll find a support for the plant."
Looks like the skewer isn't the murder weapon.
It seems to me that you owe me an apology!
(Cell phone rings)
Yes, hello?
I'm in Megure.
Mm.
Mm... (phone ringing) Okay.
That was the hospital.
The depth of the wound is about 5 centimeters...
and the diameter is less than a millimeter!
Less than a millimeter?!
That means...
The murder weapon can't be a skewer,
it must be as small as a needle!
Like a needle...
I got it!
So you have been!
Miss Kaoru, I know you used to be a nurse!
A nurse is used to handling syringes!

The needle of a syringe has a diameter of less than one millimeter.
Where does it want to go?
Now I know!
The murderer is you, Miss Kaoru!
(All) What?!
Don't talk nonsense!
Why should I be the murderer?
This thing you're wearing in your eye isn't for any owl,
she put it on to get used to seeing in the dark!
When the lights went out, she took off her eye patch,
and went to the victim looking out of his left eye!
The motive was the arguments between daughter-in-law and mother-in-law!
Don't talk nonsense, man!
Then take off that thing in your eye.
If it's an owl, you won't have any problem!
Very well.
Understood.
Kaoru, what happened to you?
What is it, this bruise?
-My husband hit me. -What?
So, you wore the patch to hide this bruise?
Yes, that's right.
Everyone here knows, my husband is her son.
She spoiled too much in Tatsuhiko!
And in Tatsuhiko is always attached to her skirts.
He hit me because I spoke ill of his mother.
Where is Mr. Tatsuhiko now?
This morning he went to Hawaii for work.
When he finds out his mother was murdered, I don't know what kind of face he'll make.
You are still a suspect.
See, with your left eye.
(Thinking) "But the murder weapon is not a syringe needle!
"On the teacher's back, there was no blood!
"If it was a syringe needle, it would have punctured the capillaries,
the blood would have gone into the needle, but it would have stayed on the skin."
Why the hell does she want me to be the killer?
I don't know if you know this, but I'm not the only one with a motive.
The others also have motives for murdering her.
(At the same time) As you say?
Kaoru, please don't talk nonsense!
Nonsense?
You have been friends with the mother for more than 30 years,
but the truth is that I hated her.
Because 27 years ago, the one who took you as a bridegroom and got married,
was none other than the mother.
You never got married,
and from then on you started to come here
only to see my father-in-law, then the mother's husband.
That man died last year, but....
you have continued to come anyway so that you loved the father.
(Think) I understand.
So, what you said before...
He was a quiet man and a very good person.
Nishitani, there's something you can't deny:
your mother had decided not to continue helping you financially.
Because she had found a person who was more talented than you.
You should have had to give up the dream of running your own restaurant.
Is this true, Nishitani?
And you, Yuko, resented the recipes she took from you.
No, I wasn't!
I didn't resent him!
I saw you the other day.
You were complaining to your mother while you kept crying.
Then, the mother answered you coldly.
"If you are mortified, it is because you are incapable of overcoming me."
In other words, everyone had a motive to murder Mrs. Uemori.
Now it dawns on me...
Mr. Nishitani, you have massaged her shoulders.
Eh ?!
Yes...
You knew where the vulnerable points were on her back.
And the needles used for acupuncture are also thin.
But both Yuko and I couldn't steal the teacher in the dark,
and besides, we've never touched an acupuncture needle.
Mouri, those needles are too thin and would be useless.
And besides raw, they are very flexible,
it would be impossible to sink the 5 centimeters.
Mm... too thin.
Eh?
Wait, wait!
Here, the blouse.
I've left it to your liking.
A sewing kit.
Of all 4, you're the only one who has one.
What are you insinuating, with it!
5 centimeters long, less than a millimeter thick!
It fits the murder weapon!
Stop with the incongruities!
How the hell would I do it?!
Ah, that's right...
Oh, man...
A person's body is harder than it looks,
and you can't stick a thin needle in it that has no grip.
Well, then I'm wrong.
(Think) "A sewing needle would be the weapon that would fit best,
but it's impossible to sink it 5 centimeters at a time!
"Wait... a sewing needle!
"Now I'm falling, with that utensil I could sink it perfectly.

"And then, finding the Uemori teacher in the dark would be possible
by using an element that would go completely unnoticed!
"That's why the murderer has made such an obvious mistake!
"The window of the men's room is here,
It's sure to have fallen around here.
"I have found it!
So, its contents..."
The needles could be the murder weapon,
we'll test them for traces of blood.
Do what you want.
But it won't do you any good.
And how can they carry a needle hidden in their clothes?
they also searched them thoroughly.
(Kazue) They will also put us through this humiliation?
This is a violation of human rights!
(Thinking) "I've already found it! This is it!
"It's obvious, the murderer is who I thought he was!
The thing is clear!"
(Think) "I know who the murderer is! Now the murder weapon is missing!
"If I wanted to hide that object?
Indeed, it's in there?
It's a really magnificent hiding place!"
Inspector Megure... Yes.
What have we got?
We haven't found any traces of blood on the items in the sewing case.
You didn't find any?
Thank you for everything.
Inspector.
How did it go, Takagi?
Any news?
Mr. Nishitani didn't have a needle.
And the women?
They didn't have any.
Mr. Inspector...
Would you mind releasing me and the Yuko?
As I've already told you,
we had no way of seeing where the teacher was in the dark.
Yes.
You are right.
Aaaaaaaaaah!
(Kogoro voice) You can't let these two go!
Why not, Mouri?!
Because I've already figured out who the killer is!
Are you sure?!
Are you serious?
Let's see, who is the murderer?!
The criminal who murdered Mrs. Michi Uemori...
...is you, Mr. Nishitani!
I beg your pardon?!
I know... Mr. Mouri, didn't you feel what I just said?
Even in the dark, I could find Mrs. Uemori.
If she wore special contact lenses!
Contact lenses?
She wore dark contact lenses, similar to sunglasses.
(Off) "When she entered the classroom, she wasn't wearing them.
"And before entering, when he has arrived at the house from behind, neither.
"So that the darkness of the room of the counters
would have been an inconvenience when it came time to prepare the set-up."
He put on the lenses 10 minutes before the class started, in the washroom.
Eh?
Yes, so I saw it...
That's right!
That's why, when he ran into you...
Ah, it's you, Ran.
Sorry, I mistook you for her.
Since the hallway is dimly lit and dark,
she couldn't make out Ran!
But his culinary skills are the same as always.
Because he is a man who has talent,
and because this class is very well lit.
But they must be hard to find, such special lenses.
He is right.
They are not ordinary at all!
The ones used for medical purposes
filter out visible light rays.
The optician determines the amount of light to be filtered,
and the patient uses the model that filters the light he or she needs.
Commercially available chromatic lenses
The iris area of the lens is tinted with color,
but the space in the center is not.
For actors in series and advertising,
special lenses with a colored pupil can be ordered.
Therefore, they are not so difficult to obtain!
Anyway, Mr. Nishitani has put in some of these lenses.
(Off) "When the light went out, he quickly took them out,
opened the glass door,
approached Mrs. Uemori and stabbed her with the object."
What was it, the murder weapon?
Possibly it was a sewing needle!
But I already told you:
to stick a 5-centimeter needle is not easy.
And it's impossible to do it quickly!
There is a simple way to do it: with a thimble and thread.
With a thimble and thread?
A sewing thimble?
The thimble you put on your finger when you sew?
Mr. Nishitani, please show us the index finger of your right hand!
Yes, of course!
Have you used the thimble ring?
That's right!
And then, passing a thread through the needle.
As for the thread you used,
it must have been burned in the flame of the stove.
So the evidence has been destroyed?
There is nothing to worry about, Mr. Inspector.

Conan!
This has been thrown out of the washroom window!
It's a box of contact lenses.
Mr. Nishitani, after putting in the lenses,
threw it out of the sink window.
I took it from Nishitani's bowl, it's just the one for one eye.
A contact lens!
Takagi!
Yes!
Oh!
Inspector!
There was indeed another slow one!
Mr. Nishitani, please give us an explanation.
What's wrong with wearing special contact lenses?
If you must say that someone is the murderer, do it when you find the murder weapon.
Don't you have it among your personal effects?
Is it inside your pen?
Oh!
It's in here!
Mr. Nishitani, even if you intend to continue evading?
I thought it was a good hiding place.
I've lost, Mr. Mouri.
You're a famous detective with good reason.
I got the contact lenses a month ago,
when I went to Europe for a cooking course.
I thought they wouldn't keep track of me in Japan.
And the cell phone?
I was resentful because I wanted to stop helping him financially?
This is one.
But most of all, I was angry that he stole Yuko's recipes.
That's why I had planned to do it
the night before the party to celebrate the bestseller.
Yuko...
You may not have noticed,
but I've long since...
I already knew what your feelings were.
But... I didn't want you to do something like that.
Someday I would have surpassed myself
and I would have created perfect recipes
that didn't need any additions from the teacher.
Mr. Nishitani,
your actions are not inspired by good will.
They are arbitrary selfishness,
they only respond to criminal behavior!
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara,
Kitto Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
How?
Other cooking classes?
How did that happen to teacher Uemori,
Sonoko suggested that we go to another class.
Is it French cooking again?
Yes, that's right!
Tell me you'll let me go, Father.
Coast the same as teacher Uemori's classes.
The same?
And how much is this?
10,000 yen a month.
10,000 a month?!
Wow, these sardines.
They are so good!
For the Japanese there is nothing better than Japanese cuisine!
You'd better let the cooking classes go.
This looks like...
Of course!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The thorns! Father!
Now he couldn't eat Ran's French cuisine if he wanted to.
The anatomical model?
Yes, that thing, the night before the 4th was running!
At a frightening speed!
Look, that white tel.
This is proof that someone was spying!
It's blood!
And the next chapter...
The case of the seven mysteries of the Teitan school...
The clue to the next Conan is... The infirmary!
The next scenario will be the school.
(Man) You want me to show you the school? That's not what I meant.

