(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's all an enigma.
"But the cases are even more enigmatic.
"Today's setting is the night school.
"There's only one truth.
He has the brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Case of the Seven Mysteries of Teitan School
That this school is cursed?
Yes!
It's true!
The school is full of these rumors!
You can tell, it must be "The Seven Mysteries of the school", right?
The piano that plays alone, stairs with more steps?
With these stories do not entangle the children!
I'm talking about a week ago first thing.
A pupil came into the art class...
That little girl every morning was going to contemplate a painting of the class.
And she saw it...
It was a paranormal scene.
The 8 stone statues in the room were staring at her!
What do you think?
Isn't it mysterious?
It's just coincidences!
Coincidences!
But she is not the only one.
There is something that makes there are fewer students.
There are many colds.
What if they've put a curse on the statues?
The rumor I've felt is more horrifying.
Do you know that in the infirmary there is a nasty looking dummy?
Ah, the anatomical model?
Yes, that thing, the night before the 4th was running through the corridors!
At a frightening speed!
That's crazy...
Hey, Ayumi, tell the story to him too!
Did you see anything?
Ah, well...
If the Junior Detective League doesn't investigate it,
a disgrace may happen!
Ouch!
Miss Kobayashi... Miss Kobayashi...
If you're incapable of being quiet and attentive, you can go now.
Well, now you read, Fukumoto.
-Come on, don't make me beg!
-Hey, yes.
(Think) What's wrong with him?
Ouch... Bad witch.
The teacher before was better, Miss Totana was nice.
Miss Totana got married and stopped working.
We are not lucky at all.
(Think) Ayumi...
Did you see someone strange?
Yes, 3 days ago at night.
Why did you come to school at night?
Why did you... I was worried about the fish.
For the fish?
These fish here?
I had forgotten to feed them
and I came to see if they were okay.
Then, I saw that there was someone in the classroom.
It was someone hanging around with a white mask.
Could you see his face?
Since his voice was also changed, I didn't recognize him.
He looked angry.
Did you tell the teachers?
Yes.
I told the vice-principal, who lives in the neighborhood.
He promised to check it out.
And what did he say?
Well, he... he didn't show up.
He wasn't at school yesterday or today.
I've asked the teachers, but they don't know anything.
I went home, but no one answered.
Could it be that he has a cold?
If he had a cold, he would have called the school.
(He thinks) His wife died and now he lives alone.
It's my fault.
If I hadn't asked him to do that....
He must have killed that person I saw!
Please clean up the law!
And think about the invitations for the day of the parents' visit,
don't forget to bring the classmates who didn't come!
(At the same time) Yes.
Miss Kobayashi, are you worried?
Your face is pale.
You've just been transferred to this school, and it must be hard,
but take it easy.
I'm not worried about anything you think.
Hey, Professor Ohata, I'd like to ask you a question.
What do you want?
If you've heard anything from the vice principal.
What do you mean?
Well...
No, I don't know...
He's missed two days of work without telling anyone.
I guess he'll show up again soon.
He's hiding something.
Casum and others!
All teachers are unpleasant!
Son, they don't kick the walls.
Mr. Director!
This school will soon be 30 years old.
During this time, we have shared efforts and difficult times.
She is part of me.
Please treat her with consideration.
One question, sir: you know, from the vice-principal?

What we hide will one day be revealed.
He hasn't had much luck, the man.
It's divine will!
All right, you got it, guys?
Yes, the Junior Detective League will unravel the mysteries of the school!
But first, we have to try to get in!
(Think) I could have sworn I had left this window open.
-Hey, that's not fair!
-Open it, Conan!
This is dangerous, go home!
All together, now!
Ah!
All right, all right!
All right, all right!
I'll let you in!
(Genta) The school at night is sinister.
We have to keep it a secret.
If the teachers were to find out...
Find out, they'll find out.
If not I'll wipe the mud off your shoes.
(Think) What group, I have to be always on top of them.
Come on, let's go!
(Mitsuhiko) We'll start with the art class.
Conan, it's all dark.
The lamps.
Quiet!
If I incense the lights, we'll be discovered.
We'll use this lantern.
I've brought one too.
We've got them!
The stone busts!
(Think) "There is a sign between the stone bust and the table.
"That story was not just a rumor.
"What is this? There's something stuck to it.
Duct tape?"
There doesn't seem to be anything.
Now we can go look in the infirmary.
Let's see, the anatomical model, the anatomical model...
Which is weird, we don't see it anywhere.
Don't tell me run down the corridor.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ayumi! Ayumi!
Ayumiiiiii!
Are you okay, Ayumi?
Yes.
But my handkerchief fell off.
Oh.
What's this?
They're puppets.
-They were stuffed in this box! -That's right.
How cool!
They must have used them to make a play.
(Thinking) But why should they have left them out?
Guaita!
This monk Sanzo has a surname like mine.
-In Sagojo he carries meu.-Ir, mi is the Cho Hakkai.
The collar has come off.
Yes, it's the only one in a sorry state.
Don't tell me someone loves me?
No, he just happened to have the same last name.
It's the last name of the student who played Cho Hakkai.
No, this is totally impossible.
Look, Edogawa is not an ordinary name.
So, these are our names?
Does it have anything to do with the fact that students have been disappearing lately?
If so, will I be the next to disappear?
Don't worry.
This can't happen, man.
We had only heard rumors.
Actually, the stone busts were where they were supposed to be.
And the anatomical model inside the infirmary....
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Mitsuhiko!
In front of the infirmary, the... the anatomical model!
-And what else?!
I don't see it! But... it was real...
Hey, Conan!
Hey, Conan!
Wait, wait, wait!
-You see, how it's in place? -You were afraid and you got confused. -You were afraid and you got confused. -You got confused.
Not so fast.
Look at this pedestal.
The Ayumi's handkerchief got caught.
When we came out of the infirmary, this dummy moved.
This dummy moved by itself?
Don't be silly, it's obvious that someone moved it.
-But why would they do that? -Did they do it to scare us?
If they just wanted to scare us, they wouldn't have made us come back here.
I'm glad it's not a ghost.
Dealing with a ghost would be less unpleasant.
Someone who sneaks around the school at night and does crazy things
and doing crazy things makes me more anxious.
Who is there?
What's... What is it, Conan?
I saw the shadow of someone spying on us from a window.
(Genta) What't'empatolles?
There is no one.
It is impossible that there is someone.
We have seen the anatomical model from in front of the infirmary.
When he felt our screams,
the suspect has returned the dummy in the infirmary.
If she had spied on us from there,
we would have found her going to the infirmary.
You took her for something else.
No, I'm sure there was someone.
Look, the window.
The window?
See this white cloth?
Someone has turned his cheek to the glass and was spying on us.
This is too dangerous for us alone.
We'll send for the night watchman.
Let's see, the phone was...
There's a phone in the staff room.
Hurry up, hurry up, Conan!
(Thinking) How come the staff room is open?
(Phone)
-Doesn't it ring? -Maybe something has happened to him!
No.

He must have drunk sake and fallen asleep.
He has always been irresponsible.
A lifelong?
Ah, no, it's just that the Ran told me.
(thinks) "I can't tell them that I graduated from this school.
"But I can't call the police if there hasn't been any incident.
But if anything were to happen, at this point..."
(Telephone)
Detective Kogoro Mouri's office.
Ah, Kogoro!
Conan?
Where have you been, man?
The Ran is very worried about you.
I'm at school.
Could you come here for a moment, if you don't mind?
Come to school?
Are you out of your mind?
I've already graduated from elementary school!
Au, Kogoro.
Come with the Ran, please.
I'll be right there!
I'm coming!
(Think) "Everyone here has a horn like you wouldn't believe.
We'll circle around to see what we can find out until Kogoro arrives."
Wait, Conan!
Father, who made this call to you?
How do you feel me, father?!
-I'm very happy! You're happy?
Yes, look, it seems that we are in a dream.
What... what is it, this smoke?
It's blood!
It's not blood, guys.
It's just red paint.
Paint?
Someone's dripping paint down the staircase handrail.
It's going through the paper that's taped here and down the bottom.
And the... the smoke?
It's a chemistry test vessel
and they put carbon ice in it with water.
The suspect is doing it to scare us into leaving.
Let's go, let's go!
Let's go up and catch help us.
He's already escaped.
But if that's his intention, for my part....
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
A ghost, a ghost, I'm scared!
You too, guys!
Sure, we'll pretend we're running away.
Let's go!
(At the same time) Help!
They're going to kill us!
I don't want to stay anymore!
I don't want to stay anymore!
(Genta) We could go out, couldn't we?
(Thinking) Wow, it's late.
What should we do, in Kogoro?
Aaaaaaaaah!
-Look... there are people... -They are in our class!
There are a lot of people.
(Think) "There are about 10 people. What are they doing, in the dark?
"It must be that one, the suspect in the mask that Ayumi saw.
"Door something...
Now I get it, that's what it was all about!"
But what are you doing now, Conan?
Well, it's obvious, I'm going to catch the suspect.
What is it... are you sure?
You mean we'll be able to catch him?
(Thinking) "All right, this is it.
Light, we need light."
Ah!
It's the puppets from before!
On the other tables there are also!
-A bust next to the finestra. And the anatomy model!
-What is this paper? - "Parents"?
It reminds me of the visiting days.
That's right.
The suspect has made of the puppets the pupils
and the mannequin and busts the parents.
Watching them he practices in the evenings.
He rehearses on visiting day,
and puts on a mask so that his voice is not felt.
Oi, first B tutor who is hiding inside the stage?
Miss Kobayashi!
Yes, that's right, it's Miss Kobayashi!
So, the rumors about the statues and the anatomical model...
It was because Miss Kobayashi carted them here every night.
The anatomical model was when they saw her carting it around.
Before rehearsing so much, you should be nicer to us.
That's true.
You should correct this character that children hate.
I'm confusing you.
It's just the opposite.
I like being a teacher so much that it makes me very happy.
I love having you as pupils.
I find the children so beautiful,
that in the previous school I was incapable of getting angry with the pupils.
On the first day of my visit, I failed to assert myself.
One child wanted to give me a hard time and another got into a fight.
So I made up my mind not to let it happen again.
And I tried to be very strict.
But as the day of the parents' visit approached, the memory of that event resurfaced,
the memory of that event resurfaced.
And I couldn't keep up with the discomfort, so I rehearsed on the sly.
You, Kojima, you look like the boy who provoked that fight
and I was worried about you.
Wow.
(Thinking) That's why his puppet was damaged.
Because of that, the students are afraid of me,
they call me a bad witch.
Maybe I don't have the aptitude to be a teacher?
This is not true.
I know that you have a good heart.
You are the only one in the school who does.
When school is out,
you water the flowers and change the water for the fish.
Don't you?
Yes.

The other teachers don't do these things.
We already said that because she was a bad witch, it was rare for her to do it.
Even if you deceive yourself,
you can't fool the children's eyes.
Since we have found that out, you might as well prove yourself as you are.
As a teacher, you should find a way to assert yourself.
Yes, I know that.
But you were mean, you wanted to scare us with smoke and paint.
It was you, wasn't it?
You were spying on us from the window.
No.
It's the first time I've seen you tonight.
When I heard Tsuburaya's voice, I got scared,
I went back to the anatomical model, and hid in the infirmary.
Who opened the staff room?
The teachers' lounge?
What are you talking about?
(Thinking) "I knew it! I knew it!
Wait, Edogawa!
There's someone else!
Light in the teacher's lounge!"
Who is it?!
Mr... vice-principal?!
What happened to your head, vice-principal?!!
Se... Miss Kobayashi?!
(Off) "The suspect who wanted to scare us was the vice principal.
"He had come to look for the wig
that he had lost two days ago in the teacher's lounge.
"The person who triggered that creepy scene
was Professor Ohata, who opened the window.
Hidden away, at night he would look for the wig, but..."
(Genta) -It's gone. (Ayumi) -What if I let him run?
No way!
I won't be able to report to school!
(Off) Actually, the principal had found it and kept it hidden.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitto
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Thinking) It's a perfect alibi!
But the approximate time of death was diagnosed by you!
Someone re-examine her!
(Thinking) "There's some set-up!
I will destroy it at all costs!
I will undo that man's alibi!"
And the next chapter...
The White Beach Murder Case
The clue to the next Conan is...
A float!
In the next episode, the sea!
On behalf of the creators: We hope you like it!

