"What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"But the world is more enigmatic.
"The summer, the sea, the beach....
"Beware of accidents in the water.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The White Beach Murder Case
It's beautiful.
And there's almost no one there...
Thanks to Father we have found a splendid place.
Yes, you're right.
(Thinking) Yes, thanks to Kogoro, who went the wrong way.
What a good one!
As I was saying, the next case I solved happened...
Caram.
Master, where is she, the girl who was drinking here?
-She's been gone for a while now. -Seriously?
Father!
Well, so you were here!
Oh!
La Ran and Conan!
They arrive at the best time.
Au, come, sit, sit, sit!
Maestro, another beer and two soft drinks, please!
No, thank you!
We just came to get it.
Apa!
It's still too early, girl!
What's wrong with you?
It's already past 10 o'clock!
If in famous Mouri collapsed because drunk, it would be a shame.
Oh!
It's true!
You're right too!
(Think) He has a character so ductile...
Of it... Mouri?
You are in Mouri, the famous detective?
Eh ?!
Yes, why?
Wow!
What a thrill!
Would you like to sit here and tell us about a case?
I'll be glad to invite you!
Thank you, but it was not necessary.
No t'embalis, father.
Don't bother!
We are a group of fellows who drink and have fun.
I don't care if he's famous.
He's a nuisance here!
Hey, Tanaka!
Come on, father, let's go, come on.
Yes, we're leaving.
Excuse me, my friend is very drunk.
(Think) How insolent!
Eh?!
Tanaka!
Tanaka, do you know where she is, Mitsuko?
We were supposed to meet her an hour ago, but she didn't show up.
I have no idea.
She and I have nothing in common anymore.
Go back to your place, will you?
Ouch... I feel terrible...
I've got a hangover like a cathedral.
Father!
We're here!
Are you coming for a swim?
I feel sick!
Swim yourselves and leave me alone!
You're sorry, Conan.
Then we'll swim on our own!
Something, deeper in suddenly gets deep, watch out, eh?
Yes.
So, you were the first one to discover it?
No, the first ones to discover it were the children.
(Thinking) This string...
Ouch!
That's too bad!
You are disturbing the work of the police!
Sorry to introduce myself so late, my name is Kogoro Mouri and I'm a detective!
I am at your disposal.
Mouri ?!
You can't be!
You are the very famous detective?
Yes!
Gee, I didn't expect my name to have made it this far.
I've been caught by surprise.
(Thinking) You weren't taken by surprise at all.
Mitsukoooo!
Mitsukoooo!
Mitsuko?
Miss... Hey, did you know the victim?
Yes.
She is Mitsuko Sekine, she is my best friend.
It can't be, that this happened to her!
Excuse me, Mr. Inspector.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Vo... you are...
-Yes.
We meet again.
-Òndia, you know each other, you?
No, we just met by chance.
So I'll introduce you again.
This is Dr. Tanaka, who will examine the body.
He is a reputable doctor.
That's great.
That's great.
And this is the famous detective, Mr. Kogoro Mouri.
I've known him for a long time.
If Mr. Mouri approves,
we would like you to collaborate with us in this investigation.
I have no objection, inspector.
Why, you'll help me a lot.
This is a quiet town and we're not used to these cases.
Excuse me, the examination of the body...
Yes, you're right, I almost got careless.
Let's proceed, then.
If I may...
How do you see it, doctor?
I can't say anything for certain unless I examine him thoroughly at the hospital,
but it could be a suicide.
Suicide?!
The body shows no external injuries
and no evidence of resistance.
If it was a murder,

the murderer would have assaulted her when he tried to drown her in the sea.
But on the other hand, there is not a single scratch on it.
Indeed, indeed!
You are absolutely right, doctor.
She should have rowed in a boat to the open sea,
tied his feet to the rock and went into the water.
(Think) "Even though he should be examined at the hospital,
it forces things to make us think it was suicide."
But hey, maybe this is all my imagination.
Transfer the body to the hospital, please.
I'll leave it too, for the time being.
(Girl) Murderer!
Mitsuko didn't commit suicide!
That man killed her!
Hey, did you say "murderer" to that doctor?
That's right.
Do you have any evidence to prove it?
No, I have no proof,
but the doctor had gone out with Mitsuko!
(At the same time) What?!
But it didn't seem so, that they had gone out together.
The doctor had assured Mitsuko that he would get married,
and he was engaged to the daughter of a hospital director.
He even pretended she was a stranger!
She died and he didn't even flinch!
Don't you find it strange?
Indeed, it is quite suspicious...
(He thinks) "This is the explanation.
"Before, the doctor wanted to force us to think that she had committed suicide.
"And from the state of the body,
there's a good chance she was murdered.
"But if so, why is he so reckless?
If he has murdered her, why do you dare do the autopsy?"
Okay, miss.
The famous detective Kogoro Mouri will unmask that individual
and thus avenge Miss Mitsuko's death!
Are you serious?!
Please do it!
(Thinking) I wonder if you can really do it, Kogoro.
(Tanaka) The autopsy results
confirm that the cause of death is drowning.
The approximate time of death is 10 o'clock last night.
-Dr. Tanaka... Yes.
Earlier, the girl who claimed to be a friend of the victim told me.
You and the victim, the Mitsuko, had dated before?
-What? -How?!
Is it true, Dr. Tanaka?
I'm deeply sorry, I should have told you...
They say he's going to marry the daughter of the owner of a big hospital.
And what do you have to say?
So, Miss Mitsuko must be a nuisance, right?
Are you trying to tell me something, sir?
No.
I doubt anyone with a motive would make a reliable examination of the body.
I think she committed suicide.
Just because the corpse has no external injuries, we can't say that,
we haven't found a will.
As for the time of death, where was he and what was he doing?
From 8 o'clock until late at night I was at the bar with friends.
At the place where we met.
As it says ?
From that bar to the beach it takes 10 minutes by car.
You can confirm it with my friends and the owner of the bar.
So, they will be able to check how long I was out.
Now that you mention it, 10 past was when we went to pick you up.
Ah, yes?!
In other words, sir, you are a witness to my alibi!
(Think) It's a perfect alibi!
Your confidence is based on that.
But the approximate time of death has been diagnosed by you!
If someone were to examine the corpse...
Go ahead, do as you please.
But you will have to assume your responsibilities
when my innocence is proven.
OK, Inspector, arrange everything!
Inspector, arrange everything!
Eagerness!
Y... yes.
Sir, since you'll be here for a while, may I leave, please?
Well, yes, I don't mind.
Anything else, where can I get a bicycle?
I'd like to explore this town!
At the entrance of the village.
(Thinking) "Even if they re-examine the corpse,
seeing the doctor's safety,
they will surely get the same result.
"Surely there is some set-up!
"I will destroy her at all costs!
I will undo her alibi!"
Hey, sir, is it always here looking out to sea?
Yes.
Yesterday too? Yes.
And you didn't notice anything strange?
No.
Nothing at all.
Of course you didn't.
Well, it's not surprising,
but every day debris washes up on the beach.
Debris?
Yes, the ocean currents carry all the debris from the surrounding beaches to this beach.
from the surrounding beaches to this beach.
(Think) Debris!

Where are they, this debris? Piled up in the back.
(Think) "How disgusting!
"The sea is no place to dump waste.
"A float?
"It's still new, maybe it's broken.
"What's this? There's a small hole.
"A small hole?
I've got it!
That could be it!"
Hey!
Hey, mister!
This float, did it arrive at the beach today?
Yes, today.
Can I stay? Yes, that's fine.
And I can also take some of these empty bottles?
Yes, I don't know why you want them, but you can take them.
(Think) "The course of the tide and a float that loses air.
"If my deductions are correct,
I'll figure it all out with these empty bottles."
Now all you need to do is wait on the beach.
(He thinks) "It's coming!
"I knew it!
Now there's the store where they bought the float!"
The results of the new test match my own.
What shall we do with you, Mr. Mouri?
You have cast doubt on an innocent.
This would make you, a proper detective?
No, this, I... excuse me a moment...
Gee, now you want to run away?
No, I'm going to the toilet.
I'm peeing myself.
Oh, shit!
I was convinced that guy was a suspect!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Kogoro voice) I got it!
(Kogoro voice) What's wrong?
What are they, these voices? The father?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Come into the next room.
Yes, Father!
Mr. Mouri, what's wrong?
Changing rooms cleared your mind?
Yes, more or less.
Well, listen, I'll tell you the truths of this case.
This case is a clear-cut murder case!
And the murderer is undoubtedly you!
Mr. Tanaka!
But, Mr. Mouri!
Earlier it was shown that Dr. Tanaka has an alibi.
It is true, at the time of death, the doctor was drinking in the bar.
He was killing while having a few drinks!
You mean this is possible?
The place where he met his death
is the same place where Conan and Ran discovered the body.
But the real crime scene is in a different place.
"Dr. Tanaka stayed with her at another place,
"and sedated her with chloroform or some other substance.
"For you, who are a doctor, obtaining drugs has no difficulty.
"Then he tied her legs the stone,
"he put it in a float that had a hole in it,
and left it floating."
Then, he went to the bar to drink with his friends.
To have an alibi.
In that space of time,
Miss Mitsuko, who was the float,
was swept away by the ocean currents.
Although she lived.
This area has some sea currents
that converge in the direction of this beach.
Consequently, she washed up on the beach
when she was still alive.
"But in those last moments,
the float was losing more and more air, and finally...
the float gave way to her weight, it could no longer hold her,
and the Mitsuko drowned."
Just when you were at the bar with your friends.
Considering the speed at which the float was losing air,
you should have let the sea sweep the young woman away by 7 o'clock.
You appeared at the bar at 8 o'clock. Do you have an alibi for 7 o'clock?
Ridiculous!
All this is just conjecture!
Besides, she could have committed suicide by using the float!
This possibility is not feasible.
What?!
Inspector, show him the photos of the corpse's feet, please.
Are you here?
Ran, see if you can fasten his feet with a string like in the photo.
It's done, father.
Inspector, compare the feet in that photograph with hers.
You will surely see that the knot is upside down.
When we do it ourselves, we get a knot like the one in the Ran.
Therefore, what could cause the one in the photo to be upside down?
That the murderer tied the knot from the front!
But that doesn't make me the killer!
In Conan has found a new float on the beach, with a small hole in it.
Look, it's this one, inspector!
(Kogoro voice) He used it for the crime!
This-this float had never seen her before!
Finding the store where he bought this float was easy.
After all, this is a small town.
This float was bought last week by Dr. Tanaka.

He wanted to give a gift to the daughter of an acquaintance of his.
The lady in the store remembered that you had gone to buy it.
Besides, you trusted blindly in this set-up...
So much so that you didn't remove the fingerprints from the float.
You tell me how you intend to explain the fact that your fingerprints were found
on a float I've never seen before.
Dr. Tanaka!
You ?!
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitto
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Oh, I wish I could have stayed one more day.
I wouldn't mind if you went the wrong way again!
Bu... you donkey!
Yesterday I didn't go the wrong way!
That case called me, I wanted to attract the famous Mouri!
This is not the wrong way!
(Think) Nothing, you'll get confused.
Father, what's wrong?
It's the same beach from where we left before.
Yes, it's strange...
The sea was calling us!
We spent another night here!
Come on, let's go!
Blessed, this is impossible.
If it's not that, it means you've taken a wrong turn.
So the sea was calling us, you couldn't help but make a mistake.
Mmm... Maybe so...
Of course, of course! Of course it is!
If not, it would be completely impossible for me to get lost!
Very well!
We'll spend another night!
Really, he has a ductile character.
(Think) There's something wrong with him!
It's choking!?
What was it, that thing?
This is...
Don't move it!
He may have been bitten by a sea serpent!
The bite mark!
And the next chapter...
The case of the diver's murder, part 1

