(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"But the world is even more enigmatic.
"Today we have a war of deductions.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "Thanks to Ran's plans to have his parents
to get his parents to make up, we went to the beach.
"But a college girl we met was bitten by a sea snake
was bitten by a sea snake and fell into a very serious condition.
This is an attack under the guise of an accident!"
The case of the diver bitten by the snake, part two.
The medical booklet ?
Do you want me to take it to the hospital?
The people at the hospital say we better have it in case....
Sun as I am, I feel puzzled.
The Kiwako always the door, she must have it somewhere.
Tell me about what is important.
How is he?
They have put him in the intensive care unit and Declan is not taken out.
His condition is getting worse and the doctors keep coming in and out.
But no one has told me anything... The Kiwako might die...
You idiot!
Don't talk nonsense!
I'm coming right away to bring the medical chart!
Kiwako is in the same room as you, isn't she?
Yes, she is.
Ah!
What a mess!
I left my card inside!
I must have left it when I went to get the towel.
What do we do?
Since it's locked, we can't get in.
I'll have to call reception to get a copy of the card.
Yes, that's right!
It's room 406. Yes, yes.
Thank you, I'm sorry to cause you so much trouble!
Listen, listen, listen!
What? What do you want?
What do you want? What do you want?
You scared me, boy!
Looks like this morning you've all gone scuba diving together, right?
Yes.
Did you make any catch, during the dive?
No... I didn't catch anything this time.
And the others?
All of us are used to the sea around here,
so we dive when we want to and we don't know what the others are doing.
Although Masahiko and Kiwako have been in the same area.
They come a lot.
Yes, with Hiroshi, Kiwako and Masahiko are childhood friends.
Since they were kids, the three of them have always had fun.
Are they all from the same class?
No.
Hiroshi and Masahiko are from my class,
but Kiwako is a grade behind, like Harumi.
Well...
In the second year of college, I made up my mind to leave this club,
but Kiwako and the others joined, and I rethought myself.
I fell in love at first sight.
Eh, it's the same...
(Thinking) Why the hell am I explaining these things to a kid?
(Think) "Wait! This means...
"So it could be that this person and that person...
It can't be!"
-Passin. -Thank you very much.
Let's see...
The booklet, the booklet...
What a head!
You'll never change!
I can't leave you with this scattering of things...
This is it, isn't it?
It's your card.
Yes.
Now so much is, help me, please.
I can't find Kiwako's card.
You must have neglected it?
It's at the bottom of the suitcase, in the towel.
Don't ask questions to look for it!
At the bottom of the suitcase, inside the towel...
Yes, I've got it!
How did you know?
Grandma taught me to carry it like this and I showed it to Kiwako.
Now that's a childhood friend!
I'm not the only one.
Masahiko knows that, too.
Hey, Mr. Detective, you came by car, didn't you?
Yes, with a rental car.
Can you take me, Masahiko and Harumi to the hospital?
Yes, okay.
Then take him to me, too!
I'm worried about Kiwako.
How do you want to fit 5 people in that car?
No problem.
No problem, don't worry, I'll take Ran with my car.
What's wrong, Mom?
This luggage...
Wow, don't you know?
I'm going back.
I have enough of that.
Don't say that.
I don't want to breathe the same air as this insensitive guy.
-Hey, Eri... -What do you want?
I have to talk to you later.

Gee, what do you have to explain to me?
What a thrill...
One... one moment!
Mother!
You're running too fast!
Even if you didn't notice the ring,
there's no point in getting like this.
I'm not thinking about the ring, but about the case!
The case?
There are contradictory aspects,
but what happened was an attack!
An... attack?!
And he didn't realize anything.
(He thinks) "Yes... It is a case of an attack!
"I have a precise idea of who the criminal is!
"There is only one thing I don't understand.
I don't know why in the world Hiroshi did that."
What do you think, Ran?
What do you think, Ran?
You mean about the case?
No.
About his words.
He said he had to talk to me.
About the divorce, about your custody, or else...
Oh.
Mother, I...
I know perfectly well I'll get nothing out of it.
That man is just testing me.
(thinks) "Testing?
Always the same.
He's troubling me, but only to see how I react.
Vanity is also a virtue.
Now I understand.
That's what it was all about!"
I'm sorry, but I think I've reached my limit.
Ma... mother!
(Thinking) "I have no doubt!
I know who the culprit is!"
Masahiko!
Kiwako's booklet!
Hello, friends.
-What's your condition? -What do you know, brother?
I don't know anything.
Although they have her in the intensive care unit.
When you know something, tell me!
What?
Mother, are you coming back?!
Father wants to talk to you.
Do you find it's no use,
to stop the ears to listen to that asshole?
Wow, really?
You my fans?
Pa... father!
(Think) It's hopeless.
I'll have to give him the credit.
Miss Nurse... Say.
I have a favor to ask.
Don't go, mother!
She can't choose.
As the father is famous...
I'm sick of seeing his lack of delicacy.
Where have you ever seen, laughing at times like this?!
But it is that this...
(Megaphone: female voice) "Eri Kisaki, staying at the Queen Hotel,
and Miss Harumi Matsuzaki, staying at the same hotel,
please proceed to the management office.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri is waiting for you there."
I ?!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaai...
Hey!
Wait!
It's mine!
Excuse me!
I'll give it back to you right away.
(Eri) What are you trying to do?!
How can you call us over the loudspeaker?!
If you want to tell me something, just say it!
Ma... mother!
(Think) I'm afraid...
Of it... if I bother I will come later.
Now I'm worried about Kiwako.
(Kogoro voice) You're really worried?
No wonder, it's not a simple accident.
It's an assassination attempt.
That's right.
That was no accident!
It was a premeditated act with the aim of murdering the girl.
She was deliberately bitten by a snake carried by an attacker.
Listen to me, Harumi Matsuzaki, which is obvious.
You attacked her!
It can't be! The sign of the fangs.
The sign of the fangs?
Sea snakes' mouths are small,
and if it were to bite a human being, it would bite on a prime body part.
But the Kiwako's bite is in a place where no snake would bite it.
When you have approached the Kiwako,
you were holding the snake by the base of its neck,
this caused the beast to open its mouth.
Am I right, Harumi?
Now I understand.
You were doing comedy, but in fact you already had it all tied up.
Well, it's question time, Mr. Detective.
Do you have any evidence to confirm that the Harumi is the culprit?
Maybe it's just chance that she was about to drown.
What if I told you that it wasn't by chance?
Let's imagine that Kiwako did it expressly.
Expressly?
No way.
Why would she do that?
To test the feelings between a man and a woman.
To get the attention of the person you love,
to force a reconciliation...
Like not wearing a wedding ring now.
So, Kiwako wanted...
That's right!
Kiwako made it look like she was drowning
to test on Masahiko, her fiancé!
She wanted to check if he, who couldn't swim, would take the risk to save her.
When Kiwako assured
Masahiko was among the people who came to save her,
she whispered something: "I'm glad."
In Masahiko and Kiwako are getting married next week.
Doing something like that...
It's just that she wanted to check it out.

When he saw that Masahiko did not reproach him for going after this famous man, he was furious.
for having gone after this famous man, he became furious.
Then, with an accomplice,
Kiwako planned to make it look like she was drowning.
An accomplice? Yes, with an accomplice.
In her plan, it was imperative the collaboration of somebody
who would let Masahiko know that she was drowning.
If someone had saved her, everything would have gone down the drain, right?
So this accomplice...
...is you, Harumi!
Kiwako said to her as a signal to start the plan:
You can go get the new towel from the room?
Right?
And then.
See you later.
And don't worry, eh?
That's what Kiwako said.
It's possible, then...
Harumi tried to stop Kiwako from going into the sea.
It seems impossible to me that she would do it in front of you, who are a detective.
That's why she wanted to stop her!
Because I was watching them.
You don't need to dive in head first.
And if you leave it for tomorrow?
I'm fine!
I'm fine!
But Kiwako forced the plan to go ahead.
The Harumi, meanwhile,
was carrying out another plan full of bad intentions.
It can't be...
(Off) "The Harumi, who had returned to the room to get the towel,
has put the snake she had hidden in her fanny pack,
and returned to the restaurant.
"And then, when the agreed time has passed,
the Kiwako has sent the signal, has made to see that it was drowned,
"and when everyone went running,
he took off the snake and made Kiwako bite!"
And now what do you plan to do, Mr. famous detective?
Now the murder weapon must be swimming through the Pacific Ocean.
Without the murder weapon, you can't prove it by legal way.
I have said it before.
She was carrying the sea serpent in her fanny pack.
And even more so, after the fact, out of mistrust or insecurity,
she has been with us at all times.
There's something left, inside her fanny pack....
I'm talking about duct tape with sea snake scales stuck to it!
Duct tape?
Yes.
Putting it in or taking it out took time.
If he made one false move, it could bite his fingers.
Inside the fanny pack
I had to have parts of the snake taped to the inside of the fanny pack.
When it was time to make it bite her,
I just had to grab it by the neck and pull it out.
So, those sort of wings that I've seen the snake wearing were....
Probably a piece of duct tape.
The rest of the duct tape must be inside the fanny pack.
Inside the fanny pack?
But we can't tell if he put the snake in the fanny pack.
We know from the card in his lock.
On top of the card he'd forgotten in the room,
there was a compact, the wallet and other objects.
Everything was in disarray.
He had emptied the fanny pack to put something else in.
And why would he want to kill Kiwako, his brother's fiancée?
Maybe this is just my imagination.
But I think the Harumi being something very special for Masahiko.
No, I'll say more: she's in love!
But what are you saying?!
The Harumi and Masahiko are brothers!
No.
Surely they are not siblings.
If I'm not mistaken, childhood friends are the four of them:
Masahiko, Kiwako, Hiroshi and Harumi.
The Kiwako and the Harumi are the same age....
The parents remarried
and she was the daughter of the first marriage?
Yes.
Seeing the way Masaiko treats the Harumi,
they probably met when they grew up, maybe in college.
Not in college.
In the second year of high school.
Mother took me with her, and then I met Masahiko.
It's not very safe,
but he is very kind and I was very attracted to him.
Other than him, for me there was no one else.
But next to Masahiko there was always Kiwako.
When Kiwako told me about Masahiko's childhood,
I would get sad and angry.
"Hey pretty girl, you don't know anything about Masahiko."
He seemed to tell me that.
I hid my feelings,
and I couldn't do anything but call him brother.
It was a shock.
Suddenly engaged, and then the wedding.
Kiwako knew what my feelings were,
and then she proposed that plan, as if she was laughing at me.
-Pretending to choke?
-Come on!

I beg you!
Help me!
-And then you decided to attack her? Yes!
That's right!
Because I couldn't let her stay with Masahiko.
That's why... that's why...
I'm a fool because he doesn't love me.
By doing such an outrageous thing like this, I've only made him sad.
It's true.
I'm a fool...
Are you friends with Miss Kiwako Toda?
We were able to inject the serum in time!
In two or three days he will recover!
We have everything to thank for the emergency measures you have taken!
What a joy, Kiwako!
Is there Harumi?
Yes, she has come.
Harumi!
Come on, why are you embarrassed?
Forgive me...
I had no idea.
I... I didn't know your feelings.
Until I saw that serious face,
when you came running... I didn't know anything...
Ki... Kiwako...
And in spite of everything, I asked you to do that.
I'm sorry, really, I'm ashamed.
What are you saying?!
I... I've...
Kiwako... I've loved you... I've loved you... I've loved you...
Hey, wait, did something happen?
No, nothing happened.
Heaven has punished me.
I dared to test a person's heart...
and that's why I got bitten by a sea serpent.
That's all...
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
As usual, you've made a brilliant deduction, Father!
(Thinking) For a change, I don't remember anything...
Besides, you had also noticed about the mother...
By realizing it and pretending not to,
the only thing you have done is to show your contempt!
What are you talking about?
You're coming back, don't do comedy, I'm talking about the ring!
The ring?
Oh, and now what...?
Ah!
You mean this one!
But...!
It was under the umbrella where you were sitting, it didn't take me long to find it.
How did you know I lost the ring there?
You donkey!
Someone who wears glasses while drying her hair is not natural.
That was the proof that you were looking for something!
And on the beach you lose contact lenses, earrings or rings.
So, your legs were full of sand
because you had been looking for the ring!
You must have been looking for the ring.
(Think) In Kogoro had you noticed?
Casum, if he was so sharp about everything.....
You look like you did it expressly.
You drink the tea with your left hand, you move your hands with insecurity...
It's just that...
(Nurses) It's Kogoro Mouri!
Hello!
Oops!
(Nurses) Father!
But why, Father!
(Nurses) Mother!
Mother!
Mother!
Mother!
Mother!
I'll make it!
Next time I'll make it!
(Think) You will never get out of life.
They match perfectly!
From the first to the fifth they have small differences.
How do you explain it?
Someone has made a photocopy of the signature!
Why did they do it? Maybe because he didn't want to sign anymore.
Or because he could not sign.
If he can't sign, it means that Master Shinmei might be killed.
In the next chapter...
The case of the mystery writer's escape, part one.
The clue of the next Conan is: At half zenith!
In the next episode, the mystery of the mystery writer!
The greatest mystery of the mysteri.
Supposed.

