(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"The world is even more enigmatic.
"There are enigmas beyond sentences.
"The truth always ends up being known.
"His brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The case of the escape of the mystery writer (part one).
It's death!
Ha, ha, ha!
Today, successive murders have stained the dark with blood.
I, Samonji Matsuda, have known it.
The criminal is that person!
The son, the son!
The murderer is the son!
Donkey.
The one most suspected of having done it is the wife of the murdered husband.
Conan, who do you think did it?
It's the same as you say.
You see?
Conan also says so...
You are children after all.
What a short wit.
You don't understand anything.
The murderer is... the son!
Isn't he?
You are the murderer.
I knew it! This is absurd.
The last time I saw it...
They've remake "Detective Samonji" many times.
Last time the killer was someone else.
No matter how much you watch it, it's just as entertaining.
-Are you stupid or what? -Don't do this to me!
I'll get angry!
But what are you doing, father?
Fuck off, the swashbuckling detective!
Put it back!
Now comes when Samonji recites a poem.
No and no! And what else!
Hurry up and pass me the remote, otherwise it will end!
(Off) "The quarrels between father and daughter are limited to nonsense.
"Many people have lamented
the havoc caused by the organization of those people.
"But they don't know that the cause of my woes is the organization.
"I too, in order to regain my body,
I have to turn this disoriented detective, Kogoro,
into a real detective.
"I must obtain information
from the organization of those men in black.
"The more cases I have on Kogoro, the easier it will be to run into one of them.
"If I keep going after the truth, I'll get it for sure!"
Well, if it's over already.
What fun do you get out of this crap?
This is a third-rate detective!
(Off) "A bumbling guy like him is not the best person to criticize..."
Despite the fact that the original play ended the year of the itch,
they keep showing it on TV.
Now they are starting to publish new stories!
Eh ?!
I could have sworn it was here...
Two months ago, in the magazine "Época literaria"...
Look... Nintaro Shinmei.
Bring back the "Detective Samonji" series!
What?
Are you serious?!
What a longing.
10 years ago he disappeared in the middle of the flames with the killer,
but Samonji was alive!
Homesick?
Shinichi said so.
Shinichi? That maniac of deductions.
Gee, there's a customer in the lower office.
Ran, tell him to come back tomorrow morning, please.
Yes, that's right.
I'm sorry, but today I'm not...
(Woman) I'm desperate.
I wanted to ask Detective Mouri about something.
Could you listen to what I want to tell him?
(Woman) Oh!
It's so good!
It's very late today.
Come back tomorrow, please.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Wait, wait, wait!
Daughter, how can you say such things to customers?!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I am the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Excuse me for having such an inattentive daughter.
-Come in, come in, come in.
Endavant. Thank you.
Why, this attitude?
He himself had told me to send her away.
Au, sit down, please.
-Excuse me.
Please, continue. Yes.
-It's vulgar tea, but... -Thank you.
Well, I'll listen to the reason for your visit!
Very well, then.
My name is Kaori Shinmei.
Shinmei? You're related to the novelist.
Yes.
The writer Nintaro Shinmei is my father.
You are the daughter of that great mystery master!
When I feel his name, I get excited!
I feel Samonji and I get overwhelmed!
Oi!
You want me to appear in your novels?
You want me to be your new hero?
You want to hire me?
No, actually... My father disappeared two months ago.
Disappeared?
That sounds pretty strange.

But his series has been published for the last two months.
Yeah, but he disappeared from home, along with his mother.
With her mother?
The parents disappeared a week before
they published the chapters of the series.
"We went out for a while," they wrote in a note.
I asked relatives and acquaintances about them, but no one knew anything.
But, if you publish periodically,
it means that you are writing continuously.
It is true.
Unusually, the original writings only reach the publisher by fax.
On Saturdays, at 12 o'clock at night.
But on the sheet of these faxes, there is no sender's phone number?
No, nothing.
They seem to have arranged everything so as not to give any clues.
It could be that...
He's gone on a trip with his wife somewhere.
And he'd be sending the letters from the hotel.
I thought so, too, at first.
But in these two months the parents haven't contacted me.
Something has happened to them!
And have you reported it to the police?
Yes, I asked them to look for them.
But as I was writing and sending the chapters,
they told me not to worry.
I asked other detectives, but they gave me the same answer.
Mr. Mouri, you are the only person I can trust!
It's not worth it!
Being here is a waste of time, Miss.
At the moment we know that a letter will arrive, so let's go to the publishing house!
If the source of so much suffering is there, let's go.
Yes!
Cab!
Come on, let's go.
Yes, they send us the chapters of Master Shinmei every week.
And today is the night he sends it to us.
I'm sure it won't be long now.
And these chapters, do you think Master Shinmei wrote them?
Yes, the literary style is genuinely that of the master.
He always includes his signature next to the title.
I show you the writings that have arrived by fax.
Wow.
The title is "At half zenith"?
Yes, there's also the signature...
Could you be sure that this is the master's signature?
Yes.
When I came here last time, I checked it.
No need to worry, Miss Kaori.
The master must be so engrossed in writing
that he forgot to contact you.
In the world of writers, there are many of this type.
But if he's also with his wife, he can't possibly be careless.
Yeah... well, now that you mention it, maybe he does.
When you last saw him, did you notice anything strange about him, the teacher?
-Nothing strange? -Yes, they must have had a meeting, right?
Yes, before we started the publication of the series we had a meeting...
but I didn't find anything special that was strange.
Anything, no matter how small, will do.
Mm, let's see if this helps.
I was surprised that you resumed the "Detective Samonji" series.
Four years ago I asked the master to resume this series.
But the response was what could be expected from him.
(Off) In Samonji died.
He cannot be brought back to life.
He spoke to me like that, and I gave up.
But two months ago, one fine day the master gave me a call
and said, "I want to resume the 'Detective Samonji' series."
For me it was said and done.
I'm going to interrupt the new series I was supposed to start
to put in Samonji.
And other than that?
Mm... Now that you say it, it doesn't refer directly to the teacher,
but in the dedication of this novel there was this writing:
"To the most renowned detectives in the whole country.
If you think you outwit my brain,
find out the enigma of the truths of this case."
A provocative dedication, don't you think?
Yes.
Thanks to that, we get a lot of letters and calls from readers every week
and calls from readers telling us: "This one is suspicious".
As a publisher, this success makes me very happy,
but for Master Shinmei, it's a strange attitude.
As this is the new phase of a series that fans are so desperate for,
it is logical to have such a wide repercussion.
To death, you say?
Yes, half a year ago we received a disturbing call from an elated fan.
"If you don't resume the series, I'll set your publisher on fire."
Wow... that's being too radical.
Oh, on the subject of strange things, there's another one.
The teacher appears within the novel.
The teacher appears embodying the figure of a great friend of Samonji.
A figure who is an unsuccessful novelist living in France.

The series has about 40 volumes, but he has started to do this just now.
Saying, "So far, in Samonji he consulted the cases with the master."
So he hoped to give a twist to the story.
From Sherlock Holmes, he is in Watson.
Sir, could you show us this scene?
Yes, and so much.
But you can read the kanji, boy?
Yes, a little bit.
Ah!
It's true, it comes out!
In Samonji calls the teacher, who lives in France, to ask his opinion
and take it into account for his deductions.
This is the first appearance of the master.
His character is very funny.
What's that!
This is very strange.
This, look.
The twelve of twelve is written in kanji and for one he has used 1.
Surely this gentleman must have been half asleep.
Indeed, it's not normal.
This could be...
It couldn't be anything but a mistake, could it?
NO!
We had thought of correcting it to make the reading more understandable.
But the teacher called and said:
"The expression of the characters are the life of a novelist,
I beg you not to make any changes".
He also said:
"If you make any changes against my will, I will stop writing."
In this case, it is even more unusual, this sentence.
As if he were hiding something.
Also, what makes me uneasy is the signature of Master Shinmei.
If my deduction is correct, the teacher would already be....
(Phone)
Ah, the teacher's fax.
-Let's see... -This you can't read, yet.
It's the deductions.
Read-when we publish them in the collection, please.
Hey, what are you doing?
I knew it!
Stop it, stop it!
I just find the teacher's signatures strange.
From the 6th to the 8th chapters are identical.
That's true.
On the other hand, from the 1st to the 5th they have small differences.
How do you explain this?
Someone has made a photocopy of the signature!
And why did they do it? Maybe he didn't want to sign anymore.
Or because he could not sign.
Mr. Mouri!
If he can't make his signature anymore, Master Shinmei might be killed.
It can't be...
This is terrible.
Now we have to act without wasting time!
-Hey, send for the police! -Yes, yes.
We don't know for sure.
There's still a chance he's alive.
The key to saving his life must be in this novel.
There is the message that the master entrusted to us detectives!
That they have chosen not to open an investigation?
Yes, at least for the moment.
It is still premature.
Wait a moment, Mr. Inspector.
Miss Kaori's father is Mr. Nintaro Shinmei.
No one's known where he is for two months.
And he disappeared along with his wife.
We can only think that they have been involved in some incident.
But the publishing house promptly receives by fax every week
Mr. Shinmei's writings by fax every week.
There is no doubt that the writings received are the originals,
which is confirmed by the writer's daughter and the publishers.
There is a problem, however, with the faxed writings?
Do you find it strange, the signature that is there?
It is the authentic signature of Mr. Shinmei.
Shinmei, we checked it.
The signatures next to the title of each chapter,
from the first to the fifth, have slight variations.
On the other hand, from the sixth to the eighth chapter, they are identical.
It is like making a copy of a previous signature.
Mr. Shinmei fell into a state that prevented him from signing.
Something has happened to the master and he is in danger!
Are you telling me that someone has done something to him, Mr. Shinmei?
If they had received any threatening phone calls, this would make sense,
but that's not the case.
We could think that he was annoyed that he had to sign all the time
and that's why he copied it.
(Off) "For this part, Inspector Megre is absolutely right.
"It wouldn't be strange if an eccentric writer
had secluded himself and given himself up to his literary activity.
"But that improper dedication from Master Shinmei is suspicious.
"For someone as affable as Master Shinmei,
it is an unconscionable and provocative dedication.
"Moreover, for the author of the work to appear from the beginning
to the work he is creating...
"And then, let the author insert Arabic numerals,
kanji numerals and English words into an extravagant sentence...
"It is likely that in this sentence there is the message of the master."

We have made the copies of the chapters that Mr. Mouri wanted to examine.
So far, Mr. Shinmei has appeared 4 times.
Give me a copy, too. Quiet, can't you see that you're disturbing us?
No problem, we've got extra... Tea. Thank you.
Let's see, in the first appearance...
he receives a call from the lead detective.
Master Shinmei, who resides in France, takes it.
In the second one, it's also in France.
In the third, also France.
And finally, the fourth one too.
Mr. Shinmei has a predilection for France?
Yes.
He often goes on a trip with his mother.
(Off) "Even if I read the words backwards,
I can't get any sentence out.
"If I had something to reference..."
Do you have any objection if we print the eighth chapter of "A medio cenit"
that the master has sent us?
"A medio cenit"?
What does it mean?
It is the title of the work you are reading at this moment.
(Off) "A medio...?
"A medio cenit!"!
"Wait, it could be that... It could be that this right here...
"This is...! I thought so!
"In this sentence, is hidden the master's message.
"If so, that provocative dedication...
"That the creator appears in the middle of his work, the extravagant phrase...
"All the pieces have coherence!
"What is it, the goal of the kidnapper of master Shinmei and his wife?"
Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Inspector! What's wrong?
Look at this writing.
The text is recent.
This is the eighth original chapter that was sent to you a moment ago.
No...... time left!
"Hurry up. No time left."
In the next chapter: the case of the mystery writer's escape.

