(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's all an enigma.
"But the world is more enigmatic.
"Today we have a full-blown cipher writing.
"The truth eventually comes out.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(OTF) "The Kaori, the daughter of novelist Nintaro Shinmei,
wanted Kogoro to search for her parents,
who had disappeared after leaving a note.
"It had been two months since anyone had heard from Mr. and Mrs. Shinmei,
but the publisher periodically received the originals of their new work.
"We went to the publisher,
"where we saw that the originals had enigmatic aspects
that made it a coded message asking for help.
"I knew it!
"In this sentence, is hidden the message from master Shinmei.
"If so, that provocative dedication?
"May the creator appear in the midst of his work...
"The extravagant phrase...
"All the pieces have coherence!
"But what is the objective
of the person who has kidnapped Master Shinmei and his wife?!"
The case of the escape of the mystery writer, part 2.
Did any idea come to you again?
Yes.
It won't do much good, but...
(Telephone)
Hello?
This is the magazine Época Literaria.
Notice, the phrase that heads all the originals is "A medio..."
Who has deciphered it?!
Who are you? What is it?
Is something wrong?
He says he's cracked the riddle.
He's a guy who speaks with an Osaka accent.
(Thinking) With an Osaka accent?
Yes, say?
Who is he?
How many times do I have to tell you again, you asshole!
Call the police!
Ah, it's you, Hattori!
I'm in Megure.
That's you, by golly.
Long time no see.
What's up with you?
I have deciphered the enigma hidden in the novel "At half zenith".
First, when I saw this dedication,
I also thought: "This guy's got a lot of nerve..."
But when I had to read the content, I knew.
The author says a code phrase! A code phrase?
Yes, that's right.
This dedication is not made to challenge the readers.
This dedication is a plea,
he asks someone to read the real message he has introduced.
Hey, Hattori, were you able to decipher the ciphers?
Yes.
The first one, fortunately, is quite reasonable!
The clue is the title of the novel: "A medio cenit".
The character at the top of each sentence are halves.
Both form a ?
If we read the first characters in this new way?
"Strength" and "Eye" form "Help",
"Ten" and the one form "ayu...", the "Ce" and "u" form "give me".
And at the end, "no" and "u" become "favor".
Just before there are "ku" and "another", but it doesn't link to me.
If "another" meant "do it another way",
we could take it as "six".
If we read it all at once....
Au-xi-le, ayu, give me, six, please.
This phrase is an S.O.S!
That's right.
He must be kidnapped somewhere and made to write by force.
For this he has used this resource!
Without the kidnapper realizing it, he has sent a message to the readers!
My mother is overjoyed,
because at the age of 20, she has written another novel!
The kidnapper must be a fan or someone who wants her money.
I guess he's already been paid, for these originals.
Not yet.
The teacher told us that when he was finished he would tell us where to deposit it.
Check for suspicious fan letters!
(Hattori) But we don't have the whole riddle figured out yet.
(Hattori) Inspector?
Inspector?!
I'm sorry?!
Answer me!
Where the hell did he go?!
Don't leave me with the word in my mouth, man!
(adult voice) Hello, Hattori.
I wanted to ask you something about the other sentence.
(adult voice) Oh!
It's you, Kudo.
Hey, how do you prove this?
As usual.
It's also a coincidence...
Of course, we're colleagues of this world, and moreover, we're also amassed.
Yes.
The enigma...
What, are you coming to Osaka?
The udon noodles are great!

Those from Tokyo spice them up too much because you don't know.
I hang up.
Ah!
Sorry, sorry, you were talking about the enigma, right?
I figured out the first sentence pretty well,
but when I look at the next sentence,
the resource of "A medio cenit" doesn't fit.
If we go around saying the characters we have:
I, by other, force, and, toward, now, being, white, re,
no, place, crime, person, "wa".
Leaving out the second "other", we could only read up to "I".
"Towards" and "now" I don't know how to take them.
It seems that we are still missing pieces to finish deciphering the enigma.
Yes, some important piece that we have missed.
I'm sure it's hiding somewhere.
Hey, Hattori, what have you got?
Shrike... What?
You're on the scene, and I'm the one who's cracking his head.
Well, Kudo!
I'll leave the rest to you!
You'll let me know!
Make your head go!
Hey, wait a minute!
Hattori was going to tell me the rest of the riddle!
Casum!
I didn't hang up... It was Hattori...
Mr. Inspector, we're in Tokyo!
Leave that Osaka bearded man alone, we'll just solve the riddle!
Yes, you're right.
Come on, let's go.
Soon you'll be a little sleepy?
Eh ?!
How well I'm getting sleepy, you say?
The "they're back to being" and that "Eeeeeeeh..."
No, it still doesn't catch me.
Well, it's a real inconvenience.
(Remembers father) Help me, please... Help me, please...
Help me, please...
Father... Mother...
It will be all right, Kaori.
I'm sure you'll find them soon.
She won't give up.
Come on, we're getting our brains squeezed too.
(Thinking) "Damn it!
"I combine the characters, but I can't get the intricacies out.
"How should I decipher this enigma!
"Besides, I don't understand the person who has abducted Master Shinmei.
"He must have paid close attention to the writer's writings.
"And if he is a fan of the master,
seeing that strange dedication and the master's appearances,
he might be suspicious.
I'm sure he would have deciphered the 'help her, please'."
"In this case, he wants the money.
"No. Those monies are insignificant.
"They don't cover the expense of holding someone hostage for two months.
"I don't understand anything: neither the kidnapper's objective, nor the enigma...
"What a horror. Damn it!
Hey, this is wrong, look.
I find it good that you include French terms to be more refined,
but watch your spelling!
(Think) "What does it say?
"Humour" spells: h-uno-m-o-uno-r.
You left out the hache.
But well, since we read it that way, I understand if you made a mistake.
(Thinking) "I got it! That's what it was all about!
"In this case, the enigma....
"I read it, I can read it!
"Without losing characters or letters. All of it!
"They have kidnapped Master Shinmei in that place, I'm sure of it!
Inspector!
In the chapter we received, Master Shinmei appears!
"What do you mean?
Look.
This is the scene.
"We don't have time! We must hurry!
"If we don't get them out of there, they're both in danger!
"The way things are going, I'll do as usual.
"With this anesthetic dart we slept in Kogoro.
Mr. Mouri, I want to introduce you to our editorial director.
"I have... failed!
"What a disaster! This way I have no choice.
Mr. Director!
Mr. Director!
What's wrong with him?
"I'll have to put this man in the shoes of a detective.
"With the voice transformer I'll do the voice of the director.
"Of the editorial director? Hey, I don't know what voice he has.
Hey, Conan, can you tell me what you're doing in here?
Ah, I was playing hide and seek.
(Think) "Of little that does not catch me! And I only had one dart left.
"I'll have to wait for Kogoro to decipher the riddle. But...
"If we don't hurry, Master Shinmei....
What's wrong with him?
Mr. Headmaster, wake up, I beg you!
He's snoring.
It's just like the sleeping Kogoro.
So much so.
May I know from which rivers, kid?
I was amused that the director had him imitate him.
He's a person with "humor".
"Humour"...
He keeps pulling strange words out of his sleeve.
It's just that those gentlemen over there said it before.
They said "humor" was called that.
Wasn't it?

Y... yes.
He made a spelling mistake
when spelling the French word "humor" and...
I didn't put the hache.
That's silly.
But the French are very curious.
They don't pronounce the hache at the beginning of a word.
If they don't read it, they could save themselves from writing it, couldn't they?
They... save-la?
What are you saying?
Hey, the Shinmei teacher who appears in the novel is also in France.
Hey, Mouri, look, do you think this is...?
Yes.
It could be that this enigma has another key.
If we don't pronounce the "haches" at the beginning of words,
The "hache" that has no sound.
The words that start with an "hache.
Perhaps he wants us to except
words beginning with "ha", "hay", "hu", "he", "lo".
Yes, I understand.
If we take the characters that are paired,
the "other" character is the first one we can eliminate.
If we take the manuscript of "At half zenith"
for the second scene that Shinmei appears in,
and we do not make the sound of the letter hache as the French do, we have:
"I" and "other" is "I",
"And" and "force" is "now", "towards" and "now" is "I am",
"Being" and "white" is "in",
"Re" and "no" is "a", "site" and "crime" is "quest",
and "person" and "wa" is "place".
Next: I, now, am, in, at, in, quest, place.
"I am now in this place"!
It's amazing, a sentence comes out.
Indeed.
He has put "wa" instead of "ha", because we would have deleted it.
Perfect!
If we can decipher the sentence of Shinmei's third speech,
U, tea, el, ki, do, si, t, y.
Kido City Hotel.
Where the hell is it from, this hotel?
It could be the Japanese transcription in Latin alphabet of a foreign word.
If the thing were like that, "hu" would not be hache one, but "fu".
Without discarding the first "fu", "fu" and "ki" would be "hai".
It's... it's the Haido City Hotel!
In the sentence of the fourth intervention, the room number will be stated!
Two... four... zero... sep.
Room 2407!
Let's go!
Let's go to room 2,407 of the Haido City Hotel!
Inspector!
What is it, Takagi?!
In this writing there is still one sentence!
Ah, this is the eighth writing you've sent them recently.
Let's see...
"A-make-You-You"...
"No"... "what"... "da"...
"Time"!
Hurry up, there's no time left!
Come on, mail, come on!
The Haido City Hotel.
Follow these patrol cars!
-Aphans! Yes, sir.
(Think) "Father... Mother... Father, Mother...
Please let them both be well!"
They are alive.
Eh?
"There is no time left" can be interpreted as:
"Danger surrounds us, but there is a margin of time."
Since they have sent that fax with the manuscript,
not even an hour has passed and the novel is still...
There is a chance that they are alive.
Right?
(He thinks) "But I don't get it, the killer's target.
"This is the work of an exalted fan
who fervently wished for a detective Samonji novel?
"No, it can't be!
"A kidnapping to appropriate the income of a famous author?
"The 24th floor of this hotel corresponds to the suites.
"He doesn't make any profit.
"So what does he intend, the kidnapper?
"Why does Master Shinmei force you to continue to write
if he can't even make his signature?
"Wait! If he can't make his signature,
we must understand that he dictates to someone else the text.
"If any characters were lost, he could no longer make sense of it.
"The sentences in which the message is written by someone else?
"It is absurd!
"If they made him change some words for others without reason,
anyone would be suspicious...
"And even if his wife had written it,
the people watching them would have noticed it.
"Wait, wait...
I'm imagining it, or is this case...?"
Room 2407. Here we are.
There is a possibility that the kidnapper is armed.
Guys, be very attentive!
Excuse me, what's wrong?
-My... Mother! -Kaori!
What are you doing here?
Madam, step aside!
Freeze!
Police!
Eh?!
Pa... father?
Father!
Father!
Father!
Your father just took his last breath right now.
Miss, we have called you at home repeatedly,
but we have never found you.

You are the man who has kidnapped Master Shinmei!
What?
I am?
No, sir...
This is a mistake.
He's my husband's doctor.
But then who is he, the kidnapper?
There is no kidnapper.
But if you want to blame someone, you must blame Shinmei himself.
So, that riddle... It can't be!
It's a farce that my husband plotted.
W... but why, Mrs. Shinmei?
Lately, my husband always said something.
Naturally, I feel happy
when I receive readers' words of praise for my works.
But it's been 40 years since I started writing
and I still haven't tasted joy.
I want to see firsthand.
I want to see the face of a reader who will decipher my riddle
before I have given the answer.
As I wanted to make this wish come true before I died,
his doctor and I came here
to help him write the work and then edit it.
Before he died?
At the end he was so ill that he could not even move his hands.
That's why they made copies of the signature.
Forgive us, Kaori, we have made you suffer.
Father begged me not to say anything to you
because he hoped you would find out the real meaning of the riddle.
He obeyed because it was his last wish.
Please forgive us, Kaori.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
This story has taken us head over heels!
It turns out that the police become the laughing stock of everyone!
But what it said:
"I want to see the satisfied face of a reader who deciphers the riddle."
was always written in the epilogue of his novels.
I'm sure he expected me to show up and say, "Master, I've cracked it."
But listen, daughter, in the end no one showed up.
And his death has made the novel truncated.
I won't allow it.
I will write the sequel,
so Nintaro Shinmei's name won't be called into question.
(Off) "After two months,
the Kaori concluded the novel in a masterful manner.
"The compilation volume of the novel was a best seller.
"They immediately made a TV series out of the novel.
"She began to make her way as a novelist.
"Nowadays her genius is considered to surpass that of her father.
"In the story she added the 3 assistants of in Samonji:
an incompetent detective, a girl a bit Cavallot
and a repellent boy with glasses.
"I will not tell you who he took as a model.
But I could have spared him this repellent child..."
I come from Tokyo, I'm just...
Excuse me!
The killer wanted to surprise us.
I have a bad feeling.
A bad feeling?
Kudo!
Next day, a special:
The case of Naniwa's back-to-back murders.

