(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"But in Osaka, ancient Naniwa, it's more enigmatic.
"Today we have a special episode that happens in this city.
It has the brain of an adult and it's...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Male) The murdered is Mrs. Sumie Okazaki, 39 years old.
She died from asphyxiation caused by some kind of wire.
After strangling her, she was stabbed with a dagger.
What time was it found?
A few minutes before you arrived, Mr. Sakata.
This gentleman found it.
But why does the killer always do the same thing?
How come he puts the dagger through the wallet?
We told him not to go out, and he was murdered.
(Counter voice) "Come immediately to Shinsaibashi.
(Female voice) "There you will meet a former colleague from years ago.
(Female voice) "Eight minutes past one in the afternoon.
(Beep)
(Voice) "Have you seen her? Well, now it's your turn.
(Female voice) Ten minutes past one in the afternoon."
Undoubtedly, these calls are from the killer.
The lady felt the message and went to Shinsaibashi.
Then, she came back and felt the second message.
That's why she was in the apartment in horror.
What's the reason?
It must be a former colleague?
Maybe he was referring to the ones who died.
Inspector Sakata, you're wanted at Headquarters.
Ah, thank you.
Hattori, I find them strange, these answering machine messages.
What do you think?
The times recorded and the contents.
Between the first one, which says "come", and the second one, which says "Have you seen her?",
there's about two minutes.
So the killer had the lady's movements under control.
There is something strange about these 4 serial murders.
The killer wants to surprise us.
I have a bad feeling.
A bad feeling...
Kudo!
What's the matter?
Don't worry, nothing's wrong.
(Think) What a mess, I remembered from that ominous dream.
Hey, Heiji, where are we going now?
Are we going to Mr. Goshi's office?
Heiji!
What's that?
Ah, yes, of course.
How convoluted this case is.
We have no witnesses, we don't know what connects them.
and the victims' backgrounds don't give us any clues.
Yes.
The news of the first two murders was released
immediately after the bodies were discovered.
This is not surprising.
Inside the wallets were the driver's licenses.
(At the same time) The driver's license?
I got it!
All 4 are clean of infractions and accidents.
I was convinced that the connection was a car accident.
These 4 took off the license in different places and different years.
Mrs. Okazaki is the only one who didn't take it off in Osaka,
she did it in Hyogo.
Do you know this place?
Yes, the applicants live together and it is economical.
Groups of applicants?
If they stayed together...
"A former classmate from many years ago."
They'd be buddies from there.
Hey, sir, do you know the phone number of this center?
Uh, yes.
Tayo and Sumie shared a room during the course?
Really?!
We are discovering the connection between the victims!
But... Look at this.
Mrs. Nishiguchi got her permit that year.
Mrs. Okazaki tried again after 3 years.
She had to take a disastrous exam, and it took her a long time to come back.
This is absurd!
Is this really true?
Is there a problem?
In addition to Mrs. Nishiguchi and Mrs. Okazaki
there was another person.
The first murder, on Hidetoshi Nagao,
and the third murder, on Kazuto Noyasu
along with the city prefect, Sotar Goshi, make three.
They were all in the same place!
It is true!
But this is not the only thing we know.
There was also a man with a name we're sick of hearing.
Who is he, this guy?
In Numabuchi.
In Kiichiro Numabuchi.
Kiichiro Numabuchi?
Isn't he...?
The one who is now on the run?
The one who committed a robbery-homicide!
We already have it here!
There's no doubt it's Numabuchi!

The other 5 fit the names we have.
You see, it's not normal.
They all graduated except Mrs. Okazaki,
the only one who was left without a permit.
During that course 20 years ago, something happened.
Are you sure?
Thank you.
The current teachers at the school don't know anything about what happened.
It was foreseeable.
But I'm sure there is something.
20 years ago, in that driving school... some fact...
I got it!
This is it!
The day they graduated,
one of the teachers drove drunk and got killed!
Tetsuji Inaba, the school's most inflexible teacher, was saying.
How do you see it?
In Numabuchi he polished his fortune and had money problems.
He blackmailed Inaba at Goshi, threatening to expose the incident,
but en Goshi put him up to it,
then he went about murdering the colleagues connected with it.
Or else that en Goshi, a candidate for the National Assembly,
wanted to eliminate the scandal
and ordered en Numabuchi to kill them.
These are all reasonable statements.
When in Nagao and Noyasu stopped working for Goshi,
it seems they received considerable compensation.
This assembly guy...
if we take out the names of the comrades and that fatal accident...
So much so, that he hates the police: he'll have to talk.
Come on, let's go!
Conan!
What are you doing here?!
We told you we were in a hurry!
(Think) I forgot to call them!
Hello, Heiji, it's been a long time!
The Otaki of the Central Department!
What are you doing here?
The Kazuha asked me to be your driver.
Sakata called us.
We're here to pick up the boy.
You didn't have to do that.
You treat inspectors as if they were your servants.
You used a patrol car for sightseeing!
Au, it's all right.
Take this child home to our head.
Come on, let's go.
No!
I want to stay with Heiji! Wait a moment, Mr. Otaki.
This is Osaka,
we take precedence when it comes to solving this case.
But no matter how much you say you're excited about getting into the case up to your neck.
What are you... I'll pass this on to you, take good care of me.
An amulet?
But in return, you won't have to take any chances.
When I get home, I'll tell you about the case, okay?
Heiji.
Heiji.
Afanya't Conan!
I won't allow you to continue your shenanigans in Osaka!
Your life is on the line!
Goodbye, guys!
But who was he talking to?
I'm so hungry I could eat stones.
In half an hour we'll arrive in Neyagawa, where the commissioner lives.
Heiji's mother has prepared a good meal for dinner.
This is extraordinary!
(Cell phone rings)
Yes?
This is the Otaki.
You have found the fugitive's car in the minority bush?
I'll be right back!
Mr. Mouri, I'm sorry,
but you'll have to be patient with the feast.
We'll take a shortcut.
Catch you!
I'm sorry, I'll try to get back as soon as possible.
In Numabuchi is a fugitive assassin with a gun.
The situation is very serious.
Oi, Conan?
Co... Conan!
-How do we have the situation? -Inspector Otaki!
We found the car covered with vegetation,
but we don't have it in Numabuchi.
What about that hut?
When we went there was no one there.
Shouldn't he have left the car to run away?
I'm sure it's there.
Wow!
How long have you been here?
Come, take a look at this.
At the bottom of this tin box, there's half-burnt leftovers.
Supermarket receipts from 5 and 3 days ago,
labels from convenience food that expired today...
No one would take prepared food from the supermarket
and eat it here every day.
Of course, man, such a wanted man wouldn't show up at a supermarket.
Someone else probably bought it.
Someone must be covering for him...
for some purpose.
Hey, Numabuchi, aren't you here?
Do you have anything?
No, it's just a doll of someone who used to live around here.
(thinks) "There's dirt on the window sill!
"And on that pillar, there should be a spider's web....
I've got it, he put his foot on the window sill."
Eh?
What are you doing, kid?!
Gee, from here you can climb up to the attic!
Let us take care of the rest!
Nu... Numabuchi!
Kiichiro Numabuchi!
You're under arrest for robbery and murder!
Me... eat...
Hurry, give me food...

(Heiji) They haven't let them see in Goshi?!
No.
Since the sunset they have kept us waiting.
I'll stand up to them now!
These agents are more experienced and they'll take care of it.
Do not suffer, please.
Mr. Goshi, we can't keep the inspectors waiting any longer.
Let them be.
They will soon get tired and leave.
I could explain the call of the strange voice you received.
No way!
That call...
(Counter voice) "In an hour, we'll account for what happened.
Leave the back door open and wait for me in the warehouse."
If I told you, it would be over!
I've always told you not to go up and down.
You've got my heart in a fist!
Walk, man, hurry up!
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
E... Hey! Hey, are you all right?!
Hey, are you all right?!
Answer me!
Get out of the way!
Numabuchi!
Conan!
No!
Conan, don't die!
Conan!
Don't die!
(Thinking) It can't be...
What's wrong, Heiji?
Ah, nothing's wrong.
What about Mr. Sakata?
He said he was going to the toilet.
I'll go too.
Conan!
Conan!
Hurry, someone take him to the hospital!
I'm fine, it was just a twinge.
It's not true, with a knife like that...
Eh?
An amulet?
I'm sure I was saved by the amulet in Heiji!
In Heiji?
The tip of the knife has stuck to the piece of chain.
What a scare, don't do any more nonsense!
Get up, get up!
You can count on doing something crazy!
How come he's got two handcuffs on one hand?
We don't know yet, but he was handcuffed to a bar.
As we could not remove the handcuffs,
we have put other ones.
(Thinking) He was handcuffed?
As you said very well, man, someone was taking his food to him.
(He thinks) "Wait...
"It can't be, it can't be....
"It can't be!
He's in danger!"
(Heiji) No matter how much I wait for her, she won't come to Goshi...
...Mr. Sakata.
It's you, isn't it?
You're the perpetrator of the serial killings.
Don't talk nonsense, man!
I found the warehouse suspicious and came to take a look.
Listen carefully.
First, we have the crime of the corpse that fell on top of the car.
(Off) "It was convenient for you to take us to that place,
and before we left the restaurant he was called with the cell phone.
The corpse has fallen following the method I said."
While I was going up to the roof,
he told Mrs. Okazaki on the phone to go to the scene,
and left the message with the threats on the answering machine.
After returning home, she was horrified,
locked herself in her apartment!
(Off) "It was in your best interest to be seen at the scene.
"When she walked past the building where she lived, you called out to her,
and hearing her frightened voice, I got out of the car.
"He stopped the car and while he was following us, he called her again.
I am the inspector who called you.
You will be in danger on this floor, wait for me in the public toilets.
"So, while we were going into your apartment,
you went to the public toilet..."
and killed her.
(Off) "After we discovered the body,
if you came with the car
it was because you had rented two identical cars."
Then he got into the other rental car that was nearby
and pretended that it had taken him a long time to get here from Midosuji,
because this is a one-way street.
He chauffeured me to the case,
because he wanted to get here and kill in Goshi!
Your enemy is an important man.
If you acted carelessly
the bodyguards would have stopped him!
But if you came with me,
he could move around the house without arousing any suspicion.
How did you notice, Heiji?
From the side mirror of the first rental car!
In the second one, the side mirror was at a different angle.
And then, looking at the photograph, I noticed
that the face of the professor who died and you looked alike.
I knew it for sure when I thought about the mania you have when you get in the car.
Like Noyasu and Mrs. Okazaki, you also move the rearview mirror.
This shows that you relate to the same person.
I don't know what happened, 20 years ago,
but the best thing you can do is to turn yourself in.

I'm very sorry, Heiji.
It's obvious that I'm finished.
Quiet!
What?
Who in Sakata is the killer?!
Yes!
In Numabuchi he talked it all out!
After committing the murders, in Sakata he wanted to endorse them.
And then he intended to kill him!
-Where is he, in Sakata?! -Where is he?! - Well, it's been a while since...
(Gunshots)
He's out of bullets, Inspector!
So you won't waste your time with scams!
Gee... he's shot himself in the leg.
Don't worry about me, Heiji.
Run away, hurry!
I can't!
I took a bullet in the stomach!
My father was murdered, 20 years ago.
He was a well-respected teacher.
(Off) "He was very strict about driving.
He always told his mother: "Always check the rear-view mirror!"
That's why I picked up that mania.
Do you think a father like that would drive drunk?
That's why I became a police inspector.
I wanted to get the clear water out of the father's death.
And I cleared up the riddle...
when I found Numabuchi, the fugitive, in a hut.
(Off) When he looked at me and saw that I looked like my father,
he confessed everything to me.
Six... please forgive me, Professor Inaba!
We wanted to play a trick on him.
We forced him to drink and put him in a car with no brakes,
because we wanted to see him with a frightened face!
And you included him in your plan with the will to murder them.
The statute of limitations for murder is 15 years.
I decided that I had to find another method to punish them.
(Scream of pain)
I'm sorry Heiji, I shouldn't have involved you.
Don't pity yourself with bad excuses.
You are a police inspector,
the only people in Japan allowed to carry a gun.
Why don't you think about this fact and take pride in it?
Stand up, Sakata!
The cherry blossom emblem on your ID weeps!
Se... Mr. Otaki.
What about Heiji?
Don't worry, he was just taken away in another ambulance.
He wasn't very serious,
thanks to the fact that you pulled him out of that fire.
Yes...
That's him, the psychopath who threatened my life!
Damn him!
He's one of my men, though.
Would you mind not assaulting him?
None... None Toyama!
Mr. Goshi, we're summoning you back to visit the police station.
We'll have to talk about what happened 20 years ago.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori Mona tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN

