"What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"But the world is more enigmatic.
"Today, at last, in Yaiba the Masked.
"A murder at a costume party.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
The Yaiba the Masked's Murder Case
Eh?
Really, Conan?
You're dining out tonight?
Yes.
At 6 o'clock we're meeting right in front of this temple.
I'm so envious.
Will you eat eels?
No, we're going to a restaurant nearby that makes curry.
-I love curry! -Guys, we'll get them to invite us!
I want curry with garnish and fried prawns!
(Thinking) Which bar has which....
(At the same time) The Laser of Law!
Eh?
The Law Laser?
It's the police officer who comes out in Yaiba the Masked!
Caram, kids, you're fans of Yaiba the Masked?
Yes, sir, I love it, on Yaiba the Masked!
Will you be filming an episode of Yaiba in this temple?
Well, no.
This is not...
How handsome, this revolver!
Don't touch it!
Well, excuse me.
I prefer this revolver because with it I fight monsters,
and I don't let anyone touch it.
Well... What did it cost you, let me a little?
Conan, did you wait long?
No, I just got here now.
What are you doing here?!
They want to come to eat curry.
What?!
The more the merrier, the more we laugh, and the better the dinner.
And who's supposed to pay?
You, father.
But before we go we'll call their mothers.
(At once) Yes!
(At the same time) Yes!
What a bunch!
"Thank you, I leave them in your care."
This is what parents are?!
Hey, look!
(All) At Yaiba the Masked Yaiba!
Yaiba Kick!
-What a cane!
How handsome!
It's like a dream!
(Think) "The Law Laser and now in Yaiba?
What the fuck is going on, today?!"
Eh?!
You're that famous detective, Kogoro Mouri, aren't you?
Yes, that's me.
Wow!
What a thrill!
I'm a fan of yours!
Let's do a handshake, please!
Kogoro and Masked Yaiba are shaking hands!
Ah, no... I'm not in Yaiba the Masked!
My name is Yasuyuki Tsutsumi,
from a fan club we formed at the university.
That's right!
He's not in Masked Yaiba!
The real one is more handsome.
Sorry to disappoint you guys.
(Thinking) So, the guy from before too...
Why doesn't he participate in our party?
At the party?
We club members are having a costume party!
-I'd like it very much!
-I want to go!
Well... So I save myself from paying for dinner.
Mr. Mouri, you can't miss it!
We also have beer.
Eh ?!
Beer?
Yes!
I'm coming!
I'm coming!
(Think) So you don't pay for the beer either, do you?
We celebrate the party in the basement of this mansion.
(Genta) It's full of monsters!
(Mitsuhiko) There is the Salted Mushroom and the Floured Pig!
In Mogra the Alien!
Mr. Mouri, I will introduce him.
This is the president of the Club
and the daughter of the family who lives here, Madoka Saotome.
Are you a university student?
Yes, I'm in the third year of Literature.
It's an honor to talk to the very famous detective Mouri.
What a thing to say.
Ask away!
I'll always be at your disposal!
Escolteus.
This girl, do you know who she's disguised as?
-Yes!
Queen Natsume!
-Correct!
You have good eyesight!
Mr. Mouri, have you ever seen Yaiba the Masked, ever?
Well... I'd like to, but I'm working at that time of day.
(Think) At that hour, you're drunk.
In Yaiba he shows up as a normal young man
and sells sausages with Queen Natsume, his childhood friend.
When some incident happens, he takes the bike,
runs to the scene and fights the evildoers!
But Natsume does not know the true identity of Yaiba!
She only knows the Yaiba who is not in disguise,
who leaves her hanging at work.
However, Queen Natsume forgives him because he loves her.

These feelings are quite familiar to me....
(Think) This fiction is similar to what happens to me and Ran.
Au, let's all go over to that table over there, we have refreshments.
(All) Hooray!
Ah!
Madoka, me too...!
She really likes children.
Wow, I'd like to be a kid again.
(Thinking) Well, I want to grow up again!
Hello, Honda!
You're a little late!
I'm sorry.
It's just that it took me so long to get ready.
(Think) The boy from before.
I was right, he was a member of the club.
-Hey, you dressed like that? -I felt like a little change.
Caram, you surprised me.
But you've always dressed up as Yaiba the Masked.
Ah, look, this is that famous detective, Mr. Kogoro Mouri!
Eh?
Mo... Mouri?!
This is Osamu Honda,
a third-year engineering student at Jonan University.
He only joined the club half a year ago,
but he's a Yaiba enthusiast.
This revolver... I guess it must not be authentic.
And now, detective, it's a reproduction.
Look at it, please.
I'm sure you'll find it very well made.
Being a passion for guns.
Right feel, right weight... It's really excellent.
All the cartridges are empty.
And I have also clogged the barrel.
Indeed...
Mr. Mouri, will you do nothing, come and tell us some cases?
Yes, Madoka!
I'm coming!
Good answer... And so much.
Au, come to a table, nois.
Yes.
Honda!
I won't spare you!
Prepare to die, Honda!
I'm going to kill you!
Mishima!
Wait... wait, Mishima!
What the hell are you doing?!
You won't keep taking me for an asshole!
Don't you dare, Mishima!
Let's talk!
Shut up!
You will die!
Honda!
Mishima! (Gunshot)
(Thinking) "What's the meaning of this?!
Oh!
A bulletproof vest!
Lucky I was wearing this.
I've been saved.
Honda!
Honda!
Are you all right?
Don't move!
"To the powder, you don't have any burns?
"No, this guy, when he killed himself, he separated the barrel from the head.
Why?"
The deceased is Mr. Katsuji Mishima, 21 years old,
a student of Physical Education at Tohti University.
Mr. Inspector, this was a full-fledged suicide!
We are all witnesses.
What can I say... What an extravagant spectacle.
This bulletproof vest is the one with the Law Laser.
I bought it at a security store.
We can conclude that Mr. Mishima
was obfuscated by the idea of killing him and then shot himself.
But what reason could he have had for wanting to kill?
I don't know.
Honda and Mishima were close lifelong friends.
So what happened?
10 days ago, when we met to prepare for the party,
at Honda he said a few words in a thoughtless way.
At Mishima he got angry.
And what did he say then?
"Your bike is good shit."
I told him this.
Just that?
It's not killing a person to have said something like that to you.
I don't find it such a long shot.
Ever since Mishima started his mania for Yaiba,
we all found that he was upset.
(Off) In half a year he transformed a motorcycle into Yaiba's motorcycle.
As he had been criticized that motorcycle, he became very angry.
Is that what they meant? That's the only one we have, at the moment.
"It seems that in his explanations there is no lie.
"But there is something about the case that doesn't work.
Inspector Megure, the revolver was a modified reproduction.
And the bullet fired in the vest was also a handmade one.
Wow.
Good work, officer.
Mr. Mishima knew his way around guns?
He didn't know much.
He didn't know the difference between a revolver and an automatic.
Come to think of it, the components of Yaiba the Masked..."
Hey, Yaiba the Masked, what do they carry revolver?
Only the Law Laser, of course!
And in Yaiba Masked does not have?
Conan!
In Yaiba Masked doesn't need any revolver!
He always fights with his hands!
(He thinks) "I knew it!
"But there are still too many things I don't understand!
I can't believe something like this happened in my presence.
Yes.

In reality, things like that also happen, like the series.
"Eh? The series? Theater?
"All mysteries are connected by a single thread that links them!
"It's a murder case!
"If everything goes according to the deductions, I have the riddle solved!
"Oysters!
"He has committed a murder in front of my eyes!
"I will show no mercy!
"A proof!
"If I don't find incontrovertible proof...!
I've got it!
At that moment...!
"
"Let me have your Junior Detective League transmitter!
Eh?
My ?!
Eh?!
Mr. Mouri?!
Yes!
He says he wants you to examine it with the utmost urgency.
Mr. Inspector, we would like to take Honda to the hospital.
Ah, that's right!
Even if he was wearing the bulletproof vest
he was shot from a very short distance.
It is possible that he may have cracked his ribs.
Eh?
Aaaaaaaa... Here we go again!
(Kogoro voice) Please wait!
If you will take him to the hospital, please take him later!
I will prove to you that I have solved the mystery of this murder.
Come on.
But what are you saying, Mouri?
Mr. Mishima has committed suicide.
This is murder!
A certain individual has carefully planned it from the beginning!
What do you mean?!
This individual made a proposal to Mr. Mishima.
On the day of the party they would stage a farce to give a big scare.
A farce?
The farce was that Mr. Mishima would shoot one person
and then perform a supposed suicide.
They agreed, and today they pretended to fight.
This individual of whom I speak is you...
...Mr. Osamu Honda!
And what else?
You made two replica revolvers of the same model...
and prepared bullets of two types.
The first type were real ones with lead casings.
And the other type were cartridges without bullets!
The revolver you gave to Mishima was not loaded.
Today, before the party started,
you met Mr. Mishima at the Beika temple,
and exchanged the revolver.
Surely, he told him "We will make one last check"!
So, the revolver Mr. Honda is carrying is from Mishima?
But isn't the revolver he has the one with the barrel plugged?
A revolver with real bullets does not have any plugged area.
Mr. Mishima could see that.
The revolver he gave you had nothing to block the barrel.
He covered it after making the exchange.
After the crime, so no one would suspect anything strange.
Mr. Honda made an exception
and did not disguise himself as Yaiba, but as the Law Laser.
So that the Law Laser is the only one who wields a revolver,
and because even if he was wearing a bulletproof vest, this would not be strange.
When Mr. Mishima entered,
you moved to make it look like you were moving away from danger.
But you did it to make it easier for Mr. Mishima to aim at you.
But even he would have realized that he had fired a real bullet.
It is likely that Mr. Honda is going to dispose of it all
because the sound and impact of the bullet was the same and they rehearsed it.
So when he saw that Honda was shot, he saw that Mishima was shot,
in Mishima he saw that it was the same as in the rehearsals.
Do you have any evidence to prove that he did not commit suicide in Mishima?
The people who really commit suicide put the barrel of a gun to their head and the traces of a burn remain.
and they are left with traces of a burn.
In contrast, Mr. Mishima had none!
Even if the gun was not loaded, fire would have come out!
He held the revolver away from his head so as not to burn himself.
Just because he did it doesn't mean that this is the reason!
Then I'll show you the evidence!
Officer, come on!
Da... this...
On this revolver, apart from the prints of the deceased,
we found others!
The same ones that this transmitter has.
They are the fingerprints of a child.
-Ah, the transmitter...!
-It's from Genta!
Eh?
This means... That I'm the murderer?!
When you touched Mr. Mishima's revolver, perhaps...
No!
I didn't touch it!
That's right!
What are they doing, the fingerprints of Mr. Genta, the revolver of Mr. Mishima
if we know he didn't touch it?
The answer is... Conan!
Mr. Honda, before you came,
we met in front of Beika Temple.

So, in Genta...
How cool!
The revolver!
Don't touch it!
Yes, that's when... he touched it...
That at that moment your revolver was the one you were carrying in Mishima,
proves that you have exchanged the two guns!
Honda...
Mr. Mouri, when did you realize that I was a suspect?
Mr. Tsutsumi said that you were very fond of guns.
However, you had a clogged barrel.
That gave me a bad feeling.
I see what you mean...
The fact that I clogged it in anticipation of what was to happen
has made things backwards for me.
I killed her... to avenge my brother.
Two years ago, my brother Hiroshi was on his way to a friend's house with an autograph from Yao.
with an autograph of Yaiba that he had won in a magazine.
Wait, come back to me!
In Hiroshi died after two days.
His last words were, "I have been taken by the Masked Yaiba."
To catch the assassin who stole his autograph,
I entered Yaiba's countless fan clubs.
And then, half a month ago...
In Mishima showed me that autograph!
The wretch, he told me that it had touched his little brother!
But he didn't have a brother named Hiroshi!
So he decided to avenge his brother.
He doesn't appear in the TV series, but there is a hidden story.
In Yaiba the Masked he has a little sister who was killed.
I joined the fan clubs
to avenge the man who led to the death in Hiroshi.
You can say that I am the incarnation of Yaiba and I have overcome it.
You are nothing like en Yaiba!
In Yaiba the Masked One does not fight for revenge against anyone!
He only fights for justice!
That's right.
The children are right... It's a pity.
I cross myself, that you got such a wrong idea from Yaiba.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo mo más tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
At 2/4 of 8, Yoko is in a singers' gala!
Eh?
No way.
We'll look at Yaiba the Masked!
What do you mean?!
But we always watched that gala!
From now on we can look at Yaiba every evening.
He fights against evil to do justice.
Let's cheer him up!
Oi, Conan?!
Y... yes!
Piece of donkey!
Yoko too...! Yoko too what?
Well, she'll sing for me too!
(Thinking) He-he-he... He will live for many years, this Kogoro...
This woman was president Yamazaki!
(Think) What's this?
It's sticky.
It's a murder in a locked room?!
"Could it be that... This is no accident!
It's possible that it's a murder engineered by one of them!"
And the next chapter...
The case of the honey cocktail murder.
The clue to the next Conan is: A balloon!
The next case tastes like honey!
Donkey honey.
Don't you get it? Eh?

