That people find each other is an enigma.
But the world is even more enigmatic.
Today's case smells like honey.
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The honey cocktail murder case."
Bug!
Father, this Yamazaki will be the president of the Yamazaki Company.
The one who hired a bodyguard.
Why did she ask you to come to her house?
Because she wants to request the services of Kogoro Mouri,
the famous detective!
Welcome, Mr. Mouri.
You are Mr. Mouri?
The President is impatiently waiting for you.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri has arrived.
Please come in.
Thank you, Mr. Mouri.
Welcome, Mr. Mouri.
Mr. Mouri.
I'm sorry to have made you come all this way.
No problem.
You're as pretty as ever.
Thank you.
This gentleman is the mayor of Iwami Village, Mr. Hachimaki.
For me, to meet the illustrious Kogoro Mouri
and to be able to have him in front of me is a great honor.
I am very pleased to meet you.
I am the president's secretary.
Pleased to meet you.
Pleased to meet you, Miss.
I am in charge of managing this hotel.
If you need any service, please let me know.
-I will. -If you'll allow me...
What is it, this model? Conan, don't touch it.
I don't care.
This is our project, the Iwami Super Leisure Complex.
Hot springs, golf courses, a gymnasium, and a recreation center.
It will bring together these and other facilities.
This region is depopulating
and that is why we support the president's initiative.
It will bring prosperity to our people.
Obviously, we agree with this leisure complex.
Tomorrow the first stone will be laid!
We want to make you the protagonist of our advertising.
We would like you to appear in our TV spots.
Model for the advertisements?
Do you like this pose?
Do you?
You're already making a fool of yourself.
Gentlemen, we'll stop talking at this point.
Aihara, please serve breakfast.
Yes, ma'am, immediately.
Wow!
An exceptional banquet with morning sake, it's formidable!
Stewed wild boar pot, mountain vegetables.
Products of the region.
The gastronomy of the region will be one of the offers of the leisure complex.
It is the telephone of your room. (Phone)
Excuse me, please.
Mr.
Mayor, will you give him what I have brought because Mr.
Mouri try it?
Ah!
You mean that!
I will, madam!
Aihara, take what I ordered you before!
What's he doing, this man?
What is it, that special thing?
You'll find it very amusing.
Aihara!
What are you doing?
Talking on the phone?
Well... Beer and soft drinks, a case of each.
Take it to me.
I'll get what I told you before!
It's the pride of the county.
(Kogoro) What the hell is this?
A drink that provides an imposing vigor.
It's salamander liquor and bee liquor.
Here, try this.
Hey, SSSI...
I think I've had too much to drink!
Let's see if I can get some air.
-Are you all right? -Yes, a little better.
When we arrived, the weather was so nice...
Mountain weather changes suddenly.
A woman's heart and the autumn sky are similar.
It's President Yamazaki!
Call the police and a doctor, please!
Very good.
A balloon?
An insecticide spray?
It's useless.
President.
This is frightening.
You are the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, aren't you?
I'm Officer Suzuki.
Dr. Sakurai, the doctor at the village clinic.
Thank you for your help.
Take care of everything.
I'll go examine the president's room.
This door is locked from the inside, isn't it?
I know that!
Mr. Mouri, I have the key!
This smell is from the insecticide?
(Kogoro) The door was locked from the inside.
The president broke the window and went out to the balcony.
The railing where she leaned on gave way.
What a disgrace.
Mr. Mouri, according to Dr. Sakurai's observations,

the president fractured her skull on impact with the floor!
The president's room was locked from the inside,
the window on the 2nd floor was locked from the inside and was forced.
It is impossible that we have not seen someone who has climbed to the 2nd floor.
And entering through the chimney is also impossible.
It's a murder in a locked room!
What's that?
Mr. Policeman, is this a wasp?
Let's see... Yes, it's a yellow jacket wasp.
According to Dr.
Sakurai, the corporal had multiple wasp stings.
Multiple wasp stings?
There are a lot of wasp stings around here?
Yes.
Come to think of it, the president was apprehensive about bees, wasn't she?
Yes.
From what she told me, she had a frightening experience here.
When she was a little girl, she was stung by bees
and Mr.
Aihara helped her when she was dying.
Mr. Aihara saved her life.
Because of this bond, she asked him to take over the administration.
Yes, that's how it is.
I was careful not to let any bees in.
and made sure we had insecticide.
The wasps have caused a lot of havoc and a great number of incidents.
I know who the killer is!
Without a doubt, the killers are the wasps.
I'm sure President Yamazaki was terrified of the wasps
that came through this chimney.
She sprayed them with the insecticide she had here,
but in panic, she broke the window and went out onto the balcony.
The railing, too old, broke and she fell down!
That is to say... This is an accident!
How is it that instead of fleeing through the door... she fled through the window?
People, when they have panic attacks, do inexplicable things.
What's that?
It's all sticky.
It's... it's... This could be... This is no accident!
It's possible that this is a murder engineered by one of them!
A beekeeper's protective suit.
They've recently used these bottles.
Ether and... Sulfuric acid!
Heli?
What's this doing here?
Wait for it!
I'm sure, it was heading for the river.
Fishing line and a torn plastic bag.
And then, these black stains.
With the rain that has fallen down the chimney, then it will have...
In some places of the chimney, the soot has disappeared!
Adhesive tape!
A hole in the floor?
I've got it!
I see the set-up clearly!
The murderer is that person! Conan!
Where are you?
When did he disappear, that little boy?
What's the matter?
You disappeared and you had me worried.
Don't go up and down, boy.
Now it's my turn to intervene, Kogoro, take a rest.
Aaaah... here we are.
What's the matter?
What is it, this noise?
What is it?
(Kogoro voice) Gentlemen, I have the solution.
This is a clear case of murder.
- (all) What? -But wasn't it an accident?
And you tell us now? I wanted the murderer to be confident.
I wanted to have time to gather evidence.
The murderer has killed the president pretending it was an accident.
Do you have any proof? Look at the doorknob, please.
He's inside.
Is there something wrong with the doorknob?
I can't find...
It's under the knob shank.
This is... That's it.
It's honey.
If a wasp attacked her here,
the normal thing to do would be to flee through the door.
But since the doorknob has honey on it, it must have been crawling with wasps,
so the president, seeing the impossibility of opening the door,
tried to escape through the window.
The balcony railing is corroded.
Because sulfuric acid was thrown on it to make it decompose.
But the wasps... we must clarify...
Yes, the wasps have also been deliberately introduced.
Look at the ceiling, towards the back.
This balloon, you mean...
It's the balloon you saw on Conan and Ran as we were coming down the staircase
that leads down to the river.
I found it attached to a tree.
Ran!
Look at the plastic bag!
(Suzuki) A wasp!
The killer put them in the bag that had clung to the balloon
and prepared everything inside the chimney.
He probably sprayed them with ether to put them to sleep.
Mr.
Aihara, the warehouse, a beekeeper's suit smells of ether.
Anyone in the house could have done it.
Everyone has a key.

What about the helium cylinders at the back of the warehouse?
Well, for the summer party we inflate balloons for the children.
Do I have to believe it?
There were three of them.
For his experiment with the balloon and the plastic bag,
you prepared everything very thoroughly, didn't you?
What is the meaning of this?
What are you trying to tell me?
The one who could make this set-up is the administrator who lives here.
The murderer is you, Mr. Aihara!
What is it?
When the president fell into the void, I was in the living room.
It was with all of you.
How could I have done it?
To immobilize the balloon I had put in the chimney,
he tied a fishing line to it and passed it through a small hole in the floor
hole made in the floor and that reached down to the kitchen below.
For the adhesive tape, he also threaded the fishing line through the hole
that went all the way to the kitchen.
In this way she had everything ready.
The telephone rang and the president went up to the second floor.
The caller was Mr. Aihara.
He was calling from President Yamazaki's office phone to get her to come to her room.
to get her to come to the room.
When he was sure that Mrs. Yamazaki had picked up the receiver,
he pulled the strings all the way down.
The plastic bag hanging from the balloon opened,
the adhesive tape fell off, and the wasps flew out.
The balloon was blocking the top of the chimney,
the wasps flew into the room.
And then, very excited, they attacked President Yamazaki.
While spraying them with insecticide,
she went to the door, but could not open it.
The doorknob was filled with wasps.
So she had to break the window to go to the balcony.
With his back to the railing, he sprayed the wasps with insecticide,
but the railing was broken and she fell.
We ran away,
you went back to the kitchen and untied the other thread.
And the balloon has gone outside through the chimney.
Conan and Ran saw it.
But you made a miscalculation.
The balloon was supposed to fly away,
but the rain and the wind made it curled up in a tree.
Duct tape!
Yes, on the ground there is a hole!
This nonsense is a test?
Mr.
Aihara, show us the towel behind your waist.
What's that got to do with it, the towel?
The doorknob must have been soaked with honey.
Maybe you have wiped it with the towel?
Yes, it's raw honey!
And another thing: take out what you have in the right pocket of your pants.
What are you hiding?
Show us this, please.
This is the thread you pulled to open the plastic bag.
When Conan and the mayor came in,
you were putting it in your pocket.
You didn't have time to destroy the evidence.
Perhaps you trusted when the detective said it was an accident.
That makes me the administrator pleased me,
but he ended up using me
like the queen bee treats her worker bees.
He told me that when they finished the leisure complex, he would make me the manager.
But that was a damn lie!
I couldn't take it anymore.
I wanted to spoil the groundbreaking ceremony!
That's why I could only do it today.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo mo más tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
You are extraordinary, Father!
You have solved the case without a hitch.
You have made a masterful deduction.
It won't be long now until lunchtime!
I'm starting to get hungry.
And we haven't even bathed in the hot springs.
That's great!
I'll go to the hot springs to wash this great man.
The 'sleeping Kogoro' will glow in body and spirit!
You only glow when you're asleep, man.
What the fuck is this?
The room is full of posters of your idols!
From photo books and compact discs, they have two of each.
And here, the name of both.
This is not suicide!
This is murder!

But how did the killer get away?
And the next chapter:
"The case of the enigmatic murder in the locked bathroom" (part 1).
"The clue to the special Conan is..." Packing tape!
The setting for the next chapter: the home of two very pretty sisters.
Conan, no spies!

