(Off) "What makes people find each other? It's an enigma.
"Today we have the sad bond of two sisters.
"Have you solved the riddle of the locked room?
He has the brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
Naze na no no Konno ni Shiawase na no ni.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji!
Unmei no ruuretto mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "As we were heading to Yoko Okino's concert,
Kogoro, who had lost the tickets,
"happened to run into Masayo Aoshima,
who promised her a ticket if we went to look for her sister.
"But the little sister, Mina, we discovered her dead inside the bathroom, which was already
inside the bathroom, which was locked.
"The bathroom door and window were sealed from the inside,
and also, on the glass of the door there was a sign that said "Goodbye".
"As on the packing tape there were only Mina's fingerprints,
Kogoro and the inspector concluded that it was a suicide.
"No. It's not true! This is not a suicide!
"It's a murder, and the culprit is Masayo!"
The case of the enigmatic murder in the locked bath, part two
Inspector Megure!
Oh!
Takagi!
Have you cleared up the obscure points with the 24-hour people?
Last night, at 2/4 of 8,
he bought two soaps, duct tape and two cans of beer.
Cans of beer?
There were two empty cans in the kitchen with a sleeping pill.
If she hadn't been drunk she wouldn't have been able to kill herself.
What did she look like, when she went shopping?
They didn't see anything special.
Except...
Except ?!
What do you mean?
Ah, nothing.
As it has no significance...
We're like this.
Mr. Inspector, it is clear that this is suicide.
Inspector!
What do you mean, "safe"?
The owner told me something strange.
La Mina changed the soaps at the last minute.
By the way, Inspector.
Can you tell me what time it is now?
What time is it?
Don't you find it strange?
The washroom was locked.
We can be sure it was a suicide.
What you've told me, I should explain to Inspector Megure.
Because then it can't be a suicide.
Look here.
What's this?
You mean the peephole in the door? The stain on top!
This is a bloodstain!
A bloodstain? Yes...
How can it be, that there's one here?
Mina!
Ke... Kenji!
Masayo, is it true that Mina has committed suicide?!
Yes... But Kenji, how did you find out?
We've informed her.
We found a message from her on the answering machine in this house,
recorded just at the estimated time of Mina's death.
We looked up her address and sent for her.
Why should she?
Why should she commit suicide?
If I had known, last night...
I would have gone in at any cost.
(Thinking) Last night?
He came in last night?
Yes, after I left the message on the answering machine.
Are you serious?
Yes.
I rang the doorbell many times, but there was no answer.
I was waiting at the door for a long time.
I thought he must have gone to sleep by now, so I left.
And I caught this cold.
(Thinking) "Wait... So...
What if the stain...?"
If I knew she wasn't there, how come she came?
Because we had a date.
We had said to have dinner together.
And besides, that she had the answering machine on was normal,
and it didn't mean she wasn't there.
So much is that, Mr. Inspector, Mina....
(Thinking) "Of course! That's what it was all about!
"I understand the assembly of the sink sealed with duct tape,
"The incomprehensible blood stain left on the door....,
and this uneasiness that makes me tense up.
"I understand the facts! Now everything is clear!
"There is no doubt who the murderer is!
"It's her... Masayo!
"She has prepared this diabolical plan,
the one who has carried out this enigmatic murder.
And she may be unaware that she is in possession of the incriminating evidence.
A suicide.
It is clearly a suicide, Mr. Inspector!
To the scene of the crime, this bathroom,
the door and window were taped shut.

From the tape with which she left the last message on the glass,
we have only taken the fingerprints of the deceased.
The only thing we can think of
is that she committed suicide by cutting her wrist.
(Masayo) Mr. Mouri.
(Masayo) Excuse me...
Ah, Miss Masayo!
About that, here's... What I promised you, the ticket.
Excuse me, but at a time like this...
Well, Mr. Inspector.
I'm leaving.
Hey, Mouri, wait!
You have to testify though!
Calm down, calm down!
When the concert is over, I'll stop by the police station.
Oh!
Ooooh... Oooooh...
Mouri, what's wrong?
It can't be.
He's got the usual again.
The usual?
(Kogoro voice) Now I've seen the light.
I've got it all figured out!
I've figured out the set-up of this murder mystery.
Eh ?!
What, what murder?
Didn't you say it was a suicide?
Let everything I told you before go, please, inspector.
It was a joke.
Casum!
Miss Mina didn't commit suicide.
She was murdered.
He's killed her older sister, you, Miss Masayo!
The... the Masayo?
What do you mean?
Is this true, Masayo?!
Don't... don't talk nonsense, man!
I would be incapable of murdering my little sister!
Besides, this bathroom was completely closed.
You have pushed open the door with me.
She's right, Mouri!
If you say that Masayo is the murderer, you have to prove it.
How could she get out of a sealed chamber with duct tape?
How do you explain it?
It's simpler than you think, Inspector.
It is an extremely easy method
that could be done by anyone.
Well, first of all, close the door of this bathroom, please.
Like this?
What impression does it give, this door?
Who... what impression?
Hey, wait!
Don't tell me that...
That's right.
Look at the tape attached to the inside face.
If you look through the glass,
it looks like it's been sealed from the inside.
And this illusion was used by Masayo!
She explained that the fact that she had the answering machine on
didn't mean it wasn't there, right?
So... This door...
was already open from the beginning?
Yes.
When the Masayo must have put Mina to sleep with the sleeping pills,
she took her to the bathtub,
sealed the door and the window with the tape,
and after cutting her wrist,
he forced open the door that had been sealed,
went outside and closed it.
The inner side of the door was a blind spot!
Even if the tape had peeled off at first,
would we know when it had come off?
No, we couldn't know.
But when you went into the bathroom, didn't you have trouble opening the door?
Yes.
I was completely fooled:
Miss Masayo's comedy.
At that moment...
All at the same time!
Now!
The one holding the doorknob was none other than Masayo.
She timed it just right and turned the knob,
and made it look like we were breaking in.
He wanted us to think it was a hermetically sealed chamber.
Of course, this set-up would be useless to him
if there were no witnesses.
That's why he brought us here.
He took us as substitutes for Kenji,
who didn't come because of a cold.
B... but listen, Mouri...
On the tape of the bathing chamber, there are only Mina's fingerprints.
And the ends of the fragments,
there are thumb and forefinger prints from the hands.
How could I do this?
Preparing the mudança.
The... the move?
Miss Masayo, before the murder,
had me help her pack the luggage boxes.
She asked him to cut strips and put them on the edge of the table.
With those strips, he sealed the door and the window
and made up the word "Goodbye".
He wore gloves to prevent his fingerprints from being marked.
Proof of this are the packing boxes already assembled earlier
and the marks of the strips on the dining room table.
The forensic police have known this for a long time.
He had Mina go out and buy the items with which he would murder her:
the duct tape and the two soaps.
You did it, Miss Masayo!
She closed the bathroom and mixed the two soaps.
That's how she intended to murder her sister,

but the ones he had bought did not give off gases, they were non-toxic.
After closing the chamber hermetically, he realized.
And in a hurry he decided to kill it by making it bleed to death.
Something like that had to happen.
Right, Miss Masayo?
Ma... Masayo!
Well, you're right.
If things are done as you say, it's possible to commit murder.
And it's easy to assume that I'm the most suspicious.
But did you see it?
Did you see me seal the door with the tape?
Did you see me slitting my sister's wrist?
Even if I list the steps of the murder,
a fantasy is a fantasy!
This does not constitute any evidence.
It is possible that the bathroom really was hermetically sealed.
Isn't that right, Mr. Inspector?
Oh, boy!
Come on, come on!
What do you say, Mouri?!
It's just as you say!
But... father!
I don't have any effective proof about the set-up I've described.
Mouri!
But on the other hand...
If you want a conclusive proof that you are the murderer,
know that there is one left!
A definitive proof that will be impossible for you to dodge!
What are you talking about?
Mr. Kenji, you said it, didn't you?
You came here last night.
That's right.
How long were you ringing the doorbell?
I was quite a while.
Since I was late, I thought you'd be angry.
I can see that.
That's how I thought...
Wha... what do you mean?
What did you think, Mr. Mouri?
Speak up!
Miss Masayo, at that time, though it was in this house, wasn't it?
And you, you looked through the peephole in the front door
to see who that obnoxious visitor was.
It was splattered with your little sister's blood.
There was a bloodstain that you made at that time!
Isn't that right, Inspector Takagi?
Yes.
So what?
This so-called evidence means nothing!
The blood could have been left by my sister!
You don't even know who left it or when.
How do you want it to be a test?
You're a famous DECT?
Oh!
Well, you know who's got a replica of the stain!
Identical in shape to the one marked on the door.
A bloodstain from your sister!
Miss Masayo, it's on this headband.
Come on, let's go.
Will you finally give us an explanation?
How come on the headband, which came with the record that came out yesterday,
there's Mina's blood?
Pe... but Mouri!
How do you know that at the time of the murder he was wearing the band?
By logo, right?
The logo of the band.
The real logo has the word "Yoko", yes...
but above the first "o"
there is the strikeout that is put to lengthen the vowel.
If this sign is missing, it means that there is something else above it.
A splash of the blood of Mina
that blackened and covered the sign.
I find that you were very sure, Mr. Mouri.
I understood that you didn't have the band.
That's right.
All the time I noticed a strange uneasiness,
but I couldn't find an answer that would clarify the reason.
I found out when I saw the key ring with the band's logo on it,
the blood stain above the peephole,
and Kenji's ringing the doorbell.
Of course, I get it.
It was precisely this keychain that I showed him,
was the one that gave me away in an unmistakable way.
So, you recognize that you have committed the murder, Miss?
Yes.
Bring me to the police station or wherever you have to take me.
But why did you kill him?
You were so close and you had so much in common!
Because we had too much in common, I guess.
My sister Mina always followed in my footsteps.
Fond of the same idols as me,
bought the same clothes and the same bags as me,
ate the same food... she imitates me in everything.
At first I was amused, because she was my little sister.
But little by little, I was feeding off the situation.
And one day, with a naïve face, she said to me:
I'm sorry, it happened to me again.
I like the same person as you do and I proposed.
Hey, don't tell me that...
Don't tell me that...
Yes, it's true.
And that, after dating you for 5 years, Kenji!
It turns out that he's only imitating me out of interest after all.
As a result, he got engaged to you.
And I had to leave whether I wanted to or not.
I wanted to make her disappear,

I wanted to get rid of that demon that had taken everything from me.
I wanted him to disappear from my sight.
You're wrong, Masayo.
I'm the one who celebrated her and asked her to marry me!
Naturally, she rejected me repeatedly.
She wanted me to remake my relationship with you.
La Mina told me that she had taken the first step.
We had to make it look like it had gone like this,
because that's how she accepted my marriage proposal.
I didn't want you to know that I had chosen her.
Because you are prouder than anyone else.
Stop it, stop it.
This has neither head nor tail.
There's no way that selfish girl cared about me.
At this point, we can never know what her intentions were.
But your sister really thought a lot of you.
I... listen.
What do you have to explain to me?
You don't know anything!
The owner of the store told us
that your little sister exchanged the soaps expressly
when he did the shopping bill.
That way, even if he mixed them, no poisonous fumes would come out.
That's why he changed them for two soaps of the same kind.
I wanted to protect you.
No... It can't be...
Mina!
Can't it?
Oi, Mina?
Tell me it's a lie!
Mina!
Mina!
Mina!
Mina, tell me!
Minaaaa!
Minaaaaaa!
(Think) "The concern for the other has invited hatred
and transformed it into a homicide.
"Amidst the echo of the murderer's cries of repentance,
two cups and two toothbrushes,
placed side by side, serene, in front of the mirror.
As if the happy memories of when they had used them had been forgotten...".
had been forgotten..."
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Shouts of enthusiasm and applause)
(People) One more!
One more!
One more!
One more!
One more!
One more!
(Kogoro) Hey, Yoko!
Oh, lovely Miss Yoko!
Mr... Mr. Mouri!
So you've finally come!
Of course I came!
It makes me very happy!
Don't do it, Yoko...
Your fans can see us.
Wow!
I'm happy!
I don't know what she does, but in Kogoro she laughs in her sleep.
I'm sure he dreams that he went to the concert.
No, I'm ashamed...
Yoko, beautiful!
(She thinks) "That the Aki has fled? That she was threatened?
"No, when Aki was on the phone, she didn't look scared.
And if the phone call was made so that she would fall into a trap!
(Open the portal)
The game is over!
And the next chapter...
The case of the abduction of the woman of the time
The clue to the next Conan is... A pager!
We'll have a beautiful weather woman!
Hey, I'm getting overwhelmed!
Go on, go!

