"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today we solve the sniper case."
"All are mysteries."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
#
"In Kogoro, invited to the party in honor of the sumo champion,
"accepted Mr. Ishimoto's case.
"Someone sent a threatening letter to Mr. Ishimoto.
"The party hall went dark,
and as Congressman Masao Takada passed behind Ishimoto,
who was about to make a speech...
a gunshot grazed Mr. Ishimoto's shoulder
and hit Deputy Takada's chest.
"In the midst of the confusion,
"I saw a suspect fleeing from the area of the spotlight.
"The next day, that man, Shiro Hiraoka, an extortionist,
"was found inside an abandoned building, already dead.
"The murderer has had us completely fooled!
"I will find him no matter what.
I will pull the thread of truth out of this tangling bundle!"
The murder of the mysterious sniper, part two.
(Think) "Upstairs? It will be presidency.
It's Niikura, the secretary of Deputy Takada, who was killed."
Shiro Hiraoka?
Well no, I don't know him.
You had received threats from this man.
He wanted to make an attempt on your life!
The bullet that grazed his shoulder,
was received by Deputy Takada, who died.
This is a murder case!
-Actually... -Chairman!
It is not necessary.
I can't go on like this, Yukiko.
I shouldn't have forced you to keep quiet.
Just as you say, he threatened me in Hiraoka.
If I made these accounts public, I'd get him in trouble.
He'd be arrested for tax evasion and mistrust of the company.
But even so, asking me to hand over a million...
It's a pittance, don't you think?
You have won them by far, right?
(Thinking) It crossed my mind to pay you, but I refused.
The gangsters, if you give them money, they will come back to blackmail you.
That's why I asked Mr. Mouri to protect me.
But, with all this, I caused the death of Deputy Takada.
This is also how I exposed him to Secretary Niikura.
To Niikura?
I asked him not to let Takada's death be in vain.
I asked him to tell everything he knows to the police.
Well... What do you want, kid?
Ah, it's that...
Conan!
What the hell are you doing here?
The Ran told me to bring you some clothes to change into.
Mr. Ishimoto, I'd like you to accompany us to the police station.
Ah... Yes.
This means they don't want to...
It was brief, but thank you very much for everything, Mr. Mouri.
Oh... I knew it.
What bad luck...
I cross myself, that the case has been solved so quickly...
Just my bad luck, that Hiraoka really got it.
Although he wanted to kill Ishimoto, he shot someone else.
And he falls down a flight of stairs and kills himself.
What bad luck!
In fact, instead of bad luck, I would say he knew too many things.
Let's say that in Hiraoka he had an accomplice
and seeing that he has failed, the other has murdered him.
If so, Mr. Ishimoto's life is still threatened!
Miss Yukiko!
The job is not finished yet!
Wait, Kogoro!
It's going well.
Now that I can...
Ah!
I'm sorry!
Are you all right?!
I'm leaving, I'm in a hurry, okay?
Someone approaches.
(Thinking) "This man...
"I could have sworn it was with the Yukiko after they killed Takada.
"Gee!
What kind of relationship must he have, with Yukiko?
"Besides, that thing looked like a remote control.
"What if it was...?
"If Hiraoka had realized that he had been hired
that he had been hired to impersonate the assassin...

"No, even if he hadn't realized it,
in Hiraoka he was a professional extortionist.
Surely he must have been hiding some evidence he could prove."
What's he doing, a hole, here?
Yukiko mi...!
I'm home! Where have you been?
I went for a walk.
Kogoro, don't you act as a bodyguard for Ishimoto?
As long as he's with the police, I'm not doing him any service.
Aaaaah!
I want to go back to protecting Yukiko closely!
(Think) Don't you think of anything else?
Excuse me.
Hello, Mouri.
Hello, Inspector Megure! Mr... Mr. Inspector!
I wanted to check something with you, Mouri.
Here you are.
Ah, thank you very much, Ran.
Hey, Mr. Inspector...
What did you want to check with my help?
Mmm... Let's see, Kogoro...
Yesterday you accompanied Ishimoto to the hospital.
Then, the secretary Yukiko, how long did she go to the hospital?
Miss Yukiko, you say?
Let me think...
(Think) "After Mr. Ishimoto installed in the room,
we were chatting over refreshments."
That's what we were doing just when you called me, Inspector.
After that I was unintentionally heavy on figs....
And I woke up when it was already daylight, when you called me again.
Then, Yukiko was no longer in the room.
You don't know what time Miss Yukiko left the hospital.
Inspector, don't tell me that...
This means that Miss Yukiko had time to kill in Hiraoka!
That's impossible!
Why would she kill in Hiraoka, a beautiful woman?!
Man.... At least, we can consider it.
We are not clear if Hiraoka's death is an accident.
This is ridiculous!
Why should she...?
Besides, the girl has a boyfriend named Kenichi Shibata.
What does he say?
A boy?!
Aw, why do you call her a fishwife, man?
Not at all... It's no big deal.
This guy's father committed suicide.
Killed himself?
It was because Mr. Ishimoto sank the company he ran.
For this reason, Mr. Shibata cannot see Mr. Ishimoto.
Maybe Yukiko, his girlfriend, hates Ishimoto.
Hey, for someone like Miss Yukiko, this....
This Mr. Shibata, what does he look like?
This is him.
(Think) I knew it!
This man, I've seen him somewhere.
Are you sure, Mouri?!
Yes, I'm sure, a little while ago... I got it!
And so much.
So that was it.
Sir, tonight gather all related to the case in the courtroom.
Eh?!
But what do you say?
This famous detective, Kogoro Mouri,
will clear up the riddles of the case!
Due to the death of Takada I'm busy.
They could have chosen another time!
I have nothing to do with this mess!
Kenichi, don't worry, they'll be finished soon.
But the murder case, wasn't it solved, Inspector?
This is what we will now clear up for sure.
We're sorry to have taken you out mid-interrogation to bring you here.
Thank you for waiting for me!
You are here!
We have gathered you in this room,
the place where Deputy Takada was murdered,
to clarify who the real killer is!
Didn't he kill her in Hiraoka?
No!
In Hiraoka he was used by the murderer
and then he was killed!
If you know who the real killer is, tell us his name!
The party meeting has started.
I have to go to work too!
If you don't hurry, I'll leave.
As you wish!
So, let's talk straight!
The real murderer is you!
What's that?
You considered Mr. Ishimoto the cause of your father's suicide
and tried to kill him by contracting in Hiraoka!
But since he failed in the attempt to assassinate Ishimoto,
you shut him up for good last night.
Stop the car, man!
It's true that I detest the Ishimoto and that I came to the party.
But I don't even know the face he makes, this Hiraoka!
When I left here I had a lot of work to do.
If you want, come with me to work.
There are plenty of people who will confirm my alibi.
No need, I...
(Thinking) We're not doing well.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaa... Oh, gee...
But, Mr. Mouri!
What's wrong, Kogoro?
Are you all right?
(Kogoro voice) As it will be long to explain I've sat down.
Child, get out of the way!

Yes, sir.
Before we reveal to you the name of the murderer,
we will do a reconstruction of the crime that took place here,
as we all witnessed it.
We will start at the moment when Takada was on his way to the scene.
Move where you are from and place where you were last night!
The role of the deputy will be played by you, Inspector Megure.
Eh?
Me?
Yes, please!
Ok, I'll do it.
Mr. Inspector, put on your chest the mike on the table.
The bug?
Deputy Takada was wearing one just like it.
Detective, what am I supposed to do?
For the moment, stand near the wall, please.
Well, then, let's get started.
Technician!
Turn off the lights and turn on the spotlight!
Oooooooooh!
Au, Mr. Niikura, walk
following the route that Deputy Takada did.
Inspector Takagi... Eh?
What do you want, Conan?
Mr. Mouri told me if you can go to the spotlight space.
Sir, aren't you still carrying it now, that command?
Be alert so that Mr. Mouri has everything planned.
When I give him the active command signal.
Now!
(Kogoro voice) It was a shot without a bullet.
If it had been loaded, it would have grazed the Ishimoto's shoulder,
and would have hit Megure.
Turn on the lights, please!
What?
I didn't...!
Takagi!
Did you fire it, the gun?
No!
I didn't do anything!
Eh?!
What's this?!
There's a revolver attached to the bulb!
What?!
The revolver is connected to a motor
and the trigger is tied with fishing line!
When the spool picks up the thread the trigger is fired!
Mouri!
What is the meaning of this?
In conclusion: it was not Hiraoka, who fired.
The revolver was fixed to the spotlight from the beginning!
This salon uses a spotlight equipped with an innovative mechanism.
It responds to the signal of the microphone that the inspector wears on his chest,
and automatically follows the movements.
You are right.
Moreover, if the engine could be controlled with a remote control,
the killer can fire the gun freely whenever he wants...
and hit Deputy Takada's chest!
But what are you saying, Mr. Mouri?
The target of the attack was Mr. Ishimoto!
She had been threatened.
This was a trap to deceive the police.
First of all, the assassin's target was Congressman Takada!
First of all, the assassin sent threatening letters to Ishimoto
for the impression that his life was in danger.
Then, making use of the spotlight, which followed the microphone of in Takada,
took advantage of the moment when he and Ishimoto crossed paths.
In this way, he made it appear that he missed the shot
that was supposedly aimed at the Ishimoto,
and that as a result, Deputy Takada was killed.
He picked up the revolver and the engine, and fled.
So who is the assassin who killed Deputy Takada?
Ishimoto!
This damned Ishimoto is the one who killed the deputy!
This is ridiculous!
Don't say incongruities!
Don't do comedy, your intrigues have come to light!
What... what is this?!
The remote control that controls the engine of the revolver.
It was in your company!
Listen to me!
Is it true?
You had this well thought out, Ishimoto!
On the front pretending that Hiraoka was threatening you
and from behind to collaborate with him.
And yesterday, when Deputy Takada was passing by your side,
you're going to pull out the remote control and kill him!
Am I doing well, detective?
Mr. Shibata, your deduction is hollow!
What's that?
Listen carefully.
If the deputy passed behind the Ishimoto,
it was because Niikura showed him the way.
The Ishimoto, would have been unable to anticipate the facts.
So, how come the command was the Ishimoto's office?
You all heard it, didn't you?
You heard it!
Yes, we felt it perfectly.
I said that I had found her at Ishimoto's company.
But I didn't say I found her in the president's office.
Words have betrayed you, Mr. Niikura...
The murderer... is you!
For a long time, she had been called Takada's successor.
But, the deputy showed no signs of wanting to retire.
Spurred on by his impatience,
he made Hiraoka his accomplice and assassinated the deputy.

In addition, to shut Hiraoka's mouth,
pushed him down the stairs in an abandoned building, causing his death!
causing his death!
Next, he failed to find the engine he had hidden in Hiraoka.
Faced with the difficulty, he hatched a plan.
In case the police found the engine by chance, he decided to hide the remote control in his office,
he decided to hide the remote control in Mr. Ishimoto's office,
in order to divert suspicion.
This is absurd!
Do you have any proof that the remote control is mine?
Since you are a prudent man, there should be no trace of it.
At least on the outside.
Do you remember?
When you were exchanging cards, you dropped the remote, didn't you?
Then you picked up with your bare hands the battery that had fallen out,
and put it back.
It seems to me that you have a memory.
Your fingerprints were on that battery!
It can't be... it can't be true...
It can't be true!
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Since he has read Yukiko's letter, he is like this.
And Yukiko has rebuilt relationship in Shibata.
I wish the parents also rebuilt their relationship.
It was an impossible love!
Hello.
I would like you to look for a person, detective.
Aaaaaaaaah!
Count me in!
In the hands of yours truly, the famous Kogoro Mouri,
I'll find anything: person or 3-legged dogs!
Sweet as eating rice and tea!
(Thinks) He pulls himself together with mind-boggling speed.
(Thinks) "As young as he is,
treating the director with violence is excessive!"
She has been killed by being hit from behind.
The murder weapon is this vase!
And the next chapter...
The murder of the traveling theater troupe, part 1.
The clue to the next Conan is... An exchange student!
We have a theater story!
Long ago, in a faraway place... Will the story ever end?

