"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today we will see the real scenario of the company."
"Crime and dramatic action solved once."
"His brain of an adult and is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
#
"In Tamanosuke Ito, a new student in Ran's classse,
ran a theater troupe and we went to see it."
"Then, we stumbled upon a significant event."
"And out of the blue, a murder occurred!"
"At the time of the crime, everyone was on stage doing the dress rehearsal."
"Someone had carried out the murder behind the backs of us and the comrades."
"Surely one of them was the murderer."
The murder of the traveling theater troupe, part two.
We are in front of the hotel where the traveling theater troupe to which Tetsuo belonged
to which Tetsuo Chikaishi belonged,
victim of last night's murder.
The young director...
Heavy!
Megu, your brother is back!
Little brother!
Are you all right?
Yes... I'm fine.
You haven't slept at all!
Little brother...
-It would do you good to rest. -Make yourself at home!
I'm sorry to cause you so much trouble.
And now, we've known each other since your father came here.
Little brother...
Little brother, what are you doing here so late?
Why did you come to the theater?
Xxxxxxt!
Conan!
You scared me.
You're worried about your brother, aren't you, Megumi? Yes, more or less.
Conan, why are you here?
Aaaa... I was worried about your brother too.
I'll take care of the rest.
Back to the boarding house.
You want to get rid of me?
No.
It's just that it's too late for the kids to be out on the street.
You're the same age as me.
Where should it be, my brother?
(metallic knock)
What's the matter?
It's coming from the stage!
Little brother...
Little brother, don't die!
The killer hasn't left here!
Call an ambulance!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Conan!
I'm... I'm fine...
Miss Itoe!
"In Tamanosuke Ito had received a severe blow to the head
and was taken unconscious to the hospital by ambulance."
"The person who had died in the pit was the company's accountant,
Miss Itoe Ogihara."
"The cause of death, the fall into the pit..."
"What is this?"
"ITOE, I will unmask your true identity."
"At 12 o'clock. I'll wait for you on the stage."
Inspector, you have something in your hands!
This is a note.
Mr. Inspector, here on the floor, there's another one just like it.
What is the meaning of this?
(Kogoro) Conan!
Why are you here?!
What's the matter?!
Thank you for coming, Mouri.
Conan's discovered the body.
What's that?
Has he been the first?
(thinks) "Around the body there are splinters."
"What are they doing here?" Come!
Children, home!
What time do you think it is?
(Think) casum...
How could they treat Tamanosuke like a murderer?
He's wounded!
We have no choice, the murder weapon bore his fingerprints!
And those of the others?
There were prints of other members of the company,
but there were none of the late Miss Itoe.
Consequently, Itoe saw how Tamanosuke attacked her
and in an oversight she fell into the pit and died.
But in Tamanosuke would not kill a person!
Ran, let's see at the hospital!
Well, father, you are for the children.
In Tamanosuke you are forbidden to visit.
He is a suspect!
Little Megumi must be.
If they let us give her flowers I'll be satisfied.
Besides, she's still unconscious.
It's a matter of feelings, man.
What a pair...
If Tamanosuke is the suspect,
does that mean he made himself lose consciousness?
No.

According to the doctors, the injury is not that serious.
The fact that he is not regaining consciousness
could be due to a psychological problem.
(He thinks) "If it were a psychological problem,
one could think that he is running away from the reality of the crime he committed."
And we also have the note.
According to the graphologists, he wrote it in Tamanosuke!
And he gave it to everyone in the company.
Why did she give the note at Itoe?
She had access to the company's checking account,
and it looks like she misappropriated the money.
Between the playwright who did not obey her and the fraudulent administration,
it was clear that he had failed as a director.
(Think) And people murder for these reasons?
I doubt it.
Conan, get me a beer, will you?
It's still mid-afternoon.
Don't be primmitat!
Come on, I'll tell you more about the case!
Squid appetizer included.
Oh!
Thank you! Thank you!
Did they find Mr. Chikaishi's diskette?
They located it in Tamanosuke's room.
They erased the contents and threw it away.
What?
Deleted it?
There would be something that didn't suit him.
But in a place like this you can find it.
What do you want me to tell you?!
Enough, go play outside.
(Think) "When things do not add up, m'engega."
"I'm not going to get anything."
Come on, let's go?
Wait, bring me another one!
Coi...
Conan, there are no splinters like the ones downstairs.
Sure, there is!
There's a place that....
It's true!
Maybe she was killed somewhere else
and thrown down the moat.
Ah!
It's this color!
It was plywood sawdust!
Is that it? Ah!
Donkey!
Oysters!
What's that?
It's stained with blood!
It has the same dimensions as the pit.
And the color looks like the color of the stage.
So, it was a trap! Of course it was!
Hay made a cut so that the plywood would break easily.
And after she fell and died, she hid it under there.
Then, in Tamanosuke he glued it to himself?
No, as in Tamanosuke we were following Megumi and me,
I'm sure she didn't have enough time to prepare a trap.
Wrong!
Hurry up! What have you got?!
Tamanosuke is in danger!
The murderer is someone else!
Very well, then.
Okay, Mouri.
I'll fix everything right away!
So, see you later, Inspector Megure!
(pager beeps)
It's me, di.
It's Ayumi.
We have successfully infiltrated the hotel!
The room closest to the stairs is Tajima's room,
who is watching TV comfortably.
Yuri Shirai is cleaning the dressing room.
En Muraki, who has moved into the room of the late Chikaishi,
is tidying up.
What do we do?
Very well.
You can all go home now!
-Hey, Conan!
-You feel us, Conan?
Always the same...
Hands up!
You have no escape!
You won't escape!
He's leaving!
(He thinks) "This way of acting is from the Saltaterrats of Edo!"
"And this was to the company!"
"And in Tamanosuke, who would notice it,
wanted to talk about it in a play."
"Mr. Chikaishi would be threatened by Saltaterrats."
"Therefore, the thief assassinà'l took the diskette!"
"In Tamanosuke, who was sure of the existence of the Saltaterrats,
was upset that everything would have ended with a murder."
"This explains that note!"
Ah, Mr. Inspector...
We are sorry to disturb you.
Mr. Tajima, have you been out tonight?
Aaa... No.
(Ayumi) It was here!
No one from the company has left, Inspector.
Coi, children!
So, did Conan run here too?
No, I've just arrived.
(All) Conan!
(Thinking) "These little kids... I thought they'd be here."
"And on top of that they've provided him with an alibi!"
"He's the Edo Saltaterrats, there's no doubt about it!"
"But I have no proof."
(Genta) What a thrill!
What a thrill!
This is too much!
Why do you stay, in Conan?!
I do not agree!
We can not do anything.
It must go with the bodyguards.
That's it.
Besides, we were able to get into a patrol car, it's fantastic!
I do not want to go!
-Wow, this is fantastic. -Do it quietly.
Here, have a drink.
I can't, I'm on duty.

-It's all right, for a beer.... (Kogoro) -If you insist.
(Thinks) "What fumes!"
"I don't have time for stories! No time?"
"When they killed in Chikaishi,
only two people had enough time to do it!"
"But the only one who physically corresponds
with the constitution of the assassin who attacked in Tamanosuke is that one!"
(Kogoro voice) Please gather everyone in this chamber.
What do you want to tell us? I've already figured out who the assassin is!
Oh!
Have you been inspired?
Who has murdered Chikaishi and Miss Itoe
and has twice attacked Director Tamanosuke...
...is one of you!
-What do you mean? -That's too much!
Calm down, calm down, now that he's put the we'll listen.
Thanks to Mr. Mouri, Tamanosuke is safe and sound.
The way of acting of the aggressor who attacked Tamanosuke in the hospital is that of the Saltaterrat.
is that of the Saltaterrats of Edo.
Yes, the explanation of it all is found in the Saltaterrats.
"As you know, the Saltaterrats of Edo is a thief
who moves like the characters in samurai movies."
This season, he has appeared
in the same provinces where you have toured.
In the Yuri and I were investigated, and we were proven innocent!
We had an alibi!
You do stunts, there are only you two, to the company?
Yes.
He taught us in Tajima.
He suffers from lumbago and has long been retired.
This time, in Tamanosuke he had forcibly imposed
to do a play about Edo's Saltaterrats.
The play he had finished in Chikaishi was not to his liking.
Why do you think the playwright suddenly changed the story?
Because as he investigated the thief's cases,
he realized what his true identity was!
And he changed the text conditioned by the demands of the Saltaterrats,
who had threatened her.
Isn't that right, Mr. Tajima?
Or rather Saltaterrats!
Mr... Mr. Tajima?!
So, it was a lie that he suffers from lower back pain?
That he suffered 3 years ago, it must be true.
But we can think that half a year ago he recovered remarkably.
This is ridiculous!
Why should I listen to him!
Excuse me, would you mind sitting down for a while longer?
What do you say, Tajima?
Are you the murderer?
No, I'm not!
But all the circumstances indicate that you are the murderer!
As you say?!
That day, the chance to assassinate Mr. Chikaishi,
it seemed that all 3 of them had it.
Since you are not well served with actors,
each of you 3 played two characters.
Miss Yuri and you went to change,
and as in Muraki had to transform quickly,
you changed as you went to the pit.
The pit is deep and the platform takes time to reach the top.
In Muraki, he had to go backstage to get dressed,
had no time to commit murder.
Mr. Chikaishi's room is next to the dressing room,
and to go to change he needed to go many meters.
Tajima and Yuri did have time to kill him!
That the Itoe died, it was an accident.
Because he interpreted that the note referred to her,
but it was for me!
Why do you think it was for you?
That's the director's way of abbreviating.
It means it's a note from ITAR by Saltaterrats.
That's right.
It's not to be read Itoe, as it sounds,
but it means it's from ITAR by Saltaterrats of Edo!
Why was it important for everyone to share it out?
How should I know?
I thought the director was suspicious of me and I went on a drinking binge.
What would he tell me, if I explained to him
that the note was addressed to the real Saltaterrats of Edo?
Tamanosuke was sure that Chikaishi had been killed by the thief,
but he had found out who that Saltaterrats was!
That's why he gave the note to all the members!
But the Itoe fell into the mistake of believing it was for her,
went to the theater and fell into the trap that the thief had stopped.
In Tamanosuke, she entered the theater next and was assaulted!
That is, in Tamanosuke did not have time to prepare the plywood.
Consequently, there was another person on the stage.
Proof of this is that another fell to the bottom of the pit.
Just for that accuse me ?

Just because she had time to kill him doesn't mean she killed him!
-Yuri also had time! -What are you saying...
The man who showed up at the hospital
had the same constitution as you.
You accuse me of murder because we have similar constitutions?!
In Muraki too...
Let's leave it at that!
By the way, Inspector Megure,
please examine the fingerprints on the computer at Chikaishi.
We examined them in vain when the first crime took place.
Why did we do that?
After that, we can be sure that the murderer used it
to make sure of the contents of the diskette he had taken.
He must have thought that they would not be examined again,
and used it again... without gloves!
Takagi, check it out.
Yes, sir.
OK... Let it be, please.
It's true that I killed at Chikaishi and Itoe!
When I died in Chikaishi, who knew the identity of the Edo Saltaterrats,
I breathed easy.
But then I found that note in my pocket.
My blood rushed to my head,
and without thinking, I stopped the trap.
Then the Itoe died,
and when the plywood was already there, I saw it in front of me.
I don't know how I dared to lay my hand on Tamanosuke.
I am a...
Tajima, it's all my fault.
It caused me to impose that we do that work!
-Tamanosuke! -Tamanosuke!
With the Edo Saltaterrats play, I didn't mean to corner you!
I only wished for your crimes to expire,
that you be handed over to the police...
Tamanosuke...
Forgive me!
Please forgive me!
I wanted money for fun and I stole thoughtlessly.
I have soiled the good name of the company, I'm sorry!
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Afterwards, the temporary closure of the theater was lifted
and the content of the play underwent some exceptional modifications."
"In Tamanosuke, half-recovered, took the stage."
And it featured a special appearance by a group of amateurs, us."
An armored car robbery!
No, don't go, Miss Masami Hirota.
If you go, you'll be killed.
(Think) "The men in black! I won't forgive them for what they've done!"
"Peti who falls I will catch them with my own hands!"
The robbery of 10 million yen from the men in black organization.
The clue to the next Conan is.... Gin and Vodka!
At last the Organization appears! I am the Organization, surprise!

