"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today continues the two-hour special."
"We ran into Gin and Vodka."
"His brain of an adult and is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The girl who came from the men in black organization!
The murder of the university professor
(Adult voice) You... you've... you've...
What have you done to him, Doctor?!
If the professor died, you'd be really screwed, wouldn't you?
This handset and the power-boosting slippers are two pieces of junk
are two pieces of junk that Dr. Agasa made for you, aren't they?
With his cooperation,
you were able to continue your activity as a young detective.
That is, for Shinichi Kudo now, the doctor is your lifeline.
That's why you have murdered her ?!
If you care to know, you can always go home.
Shit!
(Think) "Doctor! Doctor! I hope she's all right!"
It's possible that the men in black though they are inside....
"Apparently there's nothing out of the ordinary."
"I don't notice the presence of the men in black."
Doctor!
Doctor Agasa!
(Toilet flushing noise)
Gee, I thought I heard Shinichi's voice.
Oh!
Shinichi!
What are you doing here so late?
Did you want to ask me for anything?
Do... doctor!
Are you safe and sound?
Safe and sound?!
What had to happen?
(laughs) Ah, excuse me, excuse me!
I've been consulting some information on the Internet,
and I've had the line blocked for a long time!
I'm home now.
Welcome, Ay!
How did it go at school?
I had a lot of fun.
This girl has made a fool out of me!
That's what you get for not knowing my house number.
How should I know?
She didn't send us anything because we were next door.
By the way, who is this Haibara?
What?
Didn't she explain it to you, she?
She was a member of the Organization of those men in black,
she took the same potion as you and shrank.
That's strange.
She said she'd tell you personally.
I know... hold on a second, doctor.
Ah, about that name, Ai Haibara!
We took names of famous detectives and came up with a name.
The "Hai" comes from "Grey", from Cordelia Grey.
And "Ay" comes from Viene Ay Warshawsky.
I found the "Ay" for love prettier than the one for melancholy.
I don't ask you that!
Why do you have a woman from those people who live here!
The doctor took me in.
In the middle of the rain, I fainted in front of your house...
The doctor found me.
In front of my house?
Were you aware of this?
The Organization has sent investigators to your house twice.
(Girl) "Of all those who have taken the potion,
you were the only one whose death was not confirmed."
"I, who had synthesized the potion, joined the investigation."
But the house was a nest of dust and it didn't look like anyone lived there."
The second investigation we conducted in the head a month.
There was dust and it didn't look like it had changed.
I, too, began to think you had died.
But I noticed a curious change on the dresser in the closet.
One thing had been taken: your clothes from when you were a child.
Experimenting with animals,
I noticed that one of the mice did not die,
but returned to the fetal state.
Shinichi Kudo was made to ingest aptokycin 4869,
so it was possible that he had regressed to his infant state.
The guys from the Organization know that I have shrunk ?!
You will thank me.
To your file I put "Death confirmed."
As you are extremely interesting study material,
I decided to let you live.
If I had informed the Organization, they would have killed you right away.
If they knew I was going to betray the Organization by changing the report,

they could start again with their suspicions.
That you will betray them?
That's exactly right.
I was fed up!
They took that drug, which was still experimental,
and gave it to humans without my consent.
Besides, there's my sister.
Sister?
She was murdered.
(Girl) "She died at the hands of some men from the Organization."
Although I kept asking them, they wouldn't explain the reasons.
"And then, I decided to stand up
and I told them that I would stop the experiments
until they gave me an answer."
"Seeing that I was rebelling, they locked me in a room,
and all I had to do was wait for them to decide my punishment."
"I knew they would kill me,
and I took the aptoquicine 4689 that I had hidden."
"Fortunately, that substance did not kill me."
"It shrunk my body, freed me from the handcuffs,
and I fled through the waste."
"I wandered aimlessly and didn't know where to go either,
I could only rely on Shinichi Kudo."
Only you.
You were in the same situation as me
so it was certain that you could understand me.
How do you want me to understand someone like you, who created a drug to kill!
Tran... calm down, Shinichi!
Don't take it easy!
How many people have died because of you?
I couldn't do anything.
I wanted to make a poison.
What do you mean?!
Au, calm, she has left the organization.
If we count on her, who synthesized the poison,
we can find the antidote, right?
The drug reports are inside the lab.
I am unable to remember all those formulas!
Casum... Then tell us where it is, this laboratory!
It's useless.
Look, that happened 3 days ago at sunset.
(Agasa) That pharmaceutical company!
It mysteriously caught fire, right?
Do you understand?
There's nothing left!
How... how do you say?
They were afraid that I would expose the affairs of that company,
so the Organization beat us to it.
I'm sure the other facilities have been destroyed as well.
So, they must be...
Yes.
The Organization must be going crazy looking for me everywhere.
They don't know that my body has been transformed in this way.
But if the Organization continues to use this poison to kill,
we can't rule out that someone will shrink like us.
And if that happens, the Organization knows the face I made as a child,
and they end up finding me.
You're taking me out because I'm a threat?
Young detective Shinichi Kudo?
You're leaving me out because I'm a threat?
Young detective Shinichi Kudo?
Yes, I created a poison,
I took part in murders, the Organization is looking for me...
From your point of view I'm dangerous.
I see no reason for you to let me stay with you.
You donkey!
If you were discovered, they would find me right away.
I'm sorry for Dr. Agasa,
but whether you want to or not, you'll have to continue like a child.
Gee, that's nice...
By the way, your parents, are they safe now?
Don't worry, they were also members of the Organization.
Only I was born, it seems that they died in an accident.
So, your family...
It was my older sister and I, and we hardly saw each other.
Unlike me, who was studying in America following orders,
she led the lifestyle of a normal person in Japan.
Although she was always under surveillance.
Until my sister started working for the Organization,
to get rid of me, she went to a normal school,
went on trips...
Oh!
Wait!
Come to think of it, a few years before he was murdered, he sent me two or three diskettes with pictures of his trips,
he sent me two or three diskettes with pictures of his trips.
(Girl) "After I looked at them, I sent them back."
"Shortly thereafter I missed a diskette with drug data."
I looked for it, but couldn't find it.
I get it now.
Among the diskettes you sent her,
the one with the drug formula must have been mixed in.
If we looked in the place where your sister lived....
It would be useless!
The apartment where she lived was destroyed on the day of her death.
But the person who burned the photos onto the floppy diskettes
was the university professor with whom she had gone on the trip.
Do you know who this professor is?
He is a professor at Nanyo University, Masami Hirota.
Eh?

Masami Hirota?
But I can't tell you where I live.
If we ask the university, we'll find out right away.
Let's go then!
Let's get to work!
Could you give me the phone number of Nanyo University, please?
(Man) What?
The diskette where I put the photos?
Who are you, you?!
Ah, excuse me.
Just a moment.
How did you say, your sister?
Akemi.
Akemi Miyano.
Ah, you know the Akemi?
If you mean the diskettes from the trip, yes, she gave them back to me.
There was a strange diskette with the others, but...
A strange diskette?
(Think) It's crystal clear!
It is this one!
This diskette, do you mind if we pick it up?
Yes, you can come.
Now I'm waiting for guests, but if you come later...
Okay, we'll spend 3 hours here.
You'll sleep at Dr. Agasa's house?
What's on your mind?
We've been waiting for you for a long time!
It's just that the doctor has invented a funny word game
and asked me to play it!
I'll be back tomorrow.
Forgive me, Ran!
Don't suffer!
Hey, wait!
You know a lot about us, playing the kid.
Yeah, but not as much as you do when you're whining.
It's 150 kilometers to Shizuoka.
It'll be a while yet.
Hey, doctor, don't trust this woman.
This woman?
You mean the Ai?
She says she's run away from the Organization,
but she hasn't told us her name or her real age.
When I ask her what the purpose of the Organization is, she insists she knows nothing.
she insists she knows nothing.
It could be that he has told us lies to make us fall into his trap.
I don't think he is this type.
Also, I'm worried about Masami Hirota.
(Think) This name, I have felt it somewhere.
(Agasa) Good evening.
You must be Dr. Agasa.
My husband has told me everything.
Au, come in.
Your guests have already left?
Yes, they were my husband's students.
He couldn't leave the house today.
Masami.
Masami!
That's strange.
I don't know why he locked the door.
It... wait...
Damn, it won't open.
Do you have a copy of the key?!
We don't have a copy.
Help me break this door down!
What?!
Hurry up!
We push!
One, two, three!
It's... wait!
(At the same time) One, two, three!
One, two, three!
One, two, three!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
An accident?
You mean?
Yes.
Although we can't say for sure, but it's very possible.
Inspector Yokomizo!
It seems that the cause of death is this object.
He probably tripped.
So, that's how I thought.
What do you mean, he tripped?
Mr. Hirota would like to take something from the top shelf,
he put his foot wrong and lost his balance.
He caught himself on the cabinet and they both went to the floor.
He hit the back of his head with this object.
Proof of this is that both the door and the windows were locked.
Moreover, the only key with which you can open the room
is by means of the scattering of books, under the notebook.
So, according to you, the professor has locked the door?
Yes, it seems the most obvious.
It is possible that she was murdered.
They have made it look like it was an accident.
You're the boy who lives with Mouri, aren't you?
Eh, yes!
That's right!
He's the son of some relatives.
Look at this phone.
It fell on the floor, right?
It must have been here, because the tablet fell with the shelf.
Then how come the handset hasn't come off the hook?
They've put the phone face down
and covered it with a book.
Someone has deliberately made this mess.
So, it's murder?
Hang on a second.
If it's as you say...
It's a murder in a locked room!
Locked...
Murder?!
Yes.
The room had the doors and windows locked.
And the key was inside!
Then who?
Who killed my husband?
-Who died my husband?! -Who died my husband?! - Calm down, madam.
Tonight, did anyone suspicious come to see your husband?
Of guests, besides the doctor, we've had 3.
What?
Me, a guest?
A person I know told me
that she had sent the professor a diskette that was hers.
I had come to pick it up.
It will be next to this computer.
The diskettes have disappeared.
They have all been taken away, doctor.

And they could have erased all the information from the computer.
Where did she come from, this child?
Ah, she's also the daughter of relatives.
Oh, don't touch it.
I have nothing to do with the crime!
Who would be so stupid to go with children, if he wants to murder?
He is right.
Listen to me, child, you can't touch anything around here!
Go to that room and wait there with grandfather.
Avi, you say?
I am 52 years old.
Have they taken the floppy disks?
It wouldn't be strange.
The documentation that was recorded on that diskette
was the one that I lost on the aptoquicina,
and of the shipment, it was recorded in the Organitaació.
And so you left the Organization,
they anticipated that you would stop by to locate the files.
We know that they have entered the house to retrieve them,
but the professor saw them, that's why they killed him.
It's convincing.
No, it's still too early to draw any conclusions.
First, we have to question the people who came here tonight.
That you went to a meeting of the neighborhood association?
Yes, from 8 to 11 o'clock, about 3 hours.
So, you have not seen the guests who came?
No, except for the first one who came, I did see him.
My husband told me he was a student of yours.
I think his name was Hosoya.
Take this man named Hosoya, who came tonight.
Yes, sir!
Do you know the names of the other guests?
No.
Except for Agasa, who called, I don't remember any others.
He only told me that two or three students had to come.
We will have no choice but to follow all your students.
Wow!
There's something glowing on this phone.
It's an answering machine, isn't it?
If we listen to the messages, maybe we'll find out something.
Yes, you're right.
(Answering machine: female voice) "There are 13 messages."
13?
That's right, there are.
(Biiiiiiip!)
"Hello, this is Shirakura. Professor Hirota?"
"We were supposed to meet tonight."
Who is it, this Shirakura?
I know in Shirakura.
He's young, my husband's friend.
(Think) Strange, this tape has cuts all over it.
(Biiiiip!)
I'm in Morioka.
What time do I have to come, in the evening?"
Who is this?
He's the first student my husband had.
He comes very often to visit.
Do you have the address and phone number in Shirakura and Morioka?
Yes.
Excuse me, this is Shirakura.
What's happened?
What is it, this commotion?
The teacher's dead.
Someone murdered her!
What? (Biiiiip!)
(Biiiiip!)
"Hello, this is Shirakura."
"It's not good for me to come tomorrow. But I'll stop by now. Ah, also..."
You have left 10 messages and Morioka two.
Mr. Shirakura, don't you find your messages too many?
I had no choice but to come
because no matter how many times I called you, you wouldn't come.
Well, it doesn't matter now.
But how could this happen?
This is the thirteenth and last message.
Let's listen to him.
(Biiiiip!)
(Man) "We're from Black Life."
"We'd like to come and explain our insurance plans."
"When would you like us to come by? We'll call him back."
An insurance agent.
(Thinking) "You're wrong!"
"He's slightly warped his voice with some device."
"But this tone! This voice!"
In Vodka!
So...
L... listen, then, this case...
No, the chances that it was them have reduced.
If they had come to get the floppy disk,
they wouldn't have been stupid enough to leave their voice on it.
If it was up to them, before they set up this murder,
they should have been worried about taking the cassette with them.
The message had a function:
if the teacher was at home, they prevented him from being suspicious,
and thus they had solved the first step to facilitate their work.
They must be hysterical, as they can't get it back?
So, if this is true, those men....
Yes, we would do well to move their Volkswagen to another location.
These men will not be long, it is possible that they are very close.
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.

Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN

