"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today continues the two-hour special."
"We ran into Gin and Vodka."
"His brain of an adult and is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"My name is Shinichi Kudo and I am a young detective."
"One day I went to an amusement park with the Ran,
and there I saw a suspicious exchange between some men in black."
"I was so engrossed in watching them that I didn't see a third man
who made me drink a potion that made me shrink."
"If they found out that Shinichi is alive,
the people around me would be in danger."
"That's why, when the Ran asked me the name, I said....
Conan Edogawa!"
"And to get information from those men,
I went to live at Ran's house, since his father is a detective."
The girl who came from the men in black organization!
The murder of the university professor
(Loudspeakers) Daitoma!
Daitoma!
(Thinks) "I have traveled to Daitoma station,
but no one remembers seeing a man with a black cap."
"What can I do?"
"His aim is to counterfeit bank bills."
"I'll stop by this real estate and see what I can get."
A warehouse?
Yes!
One that's out of the way,
where, whatever you do, it won't arouse any suspicion.
Have you rented any?
We haven't rented any lately.
It's been years since it was rented.
Boy, you're getting in my way.
Take your friends with you, please.
My friends?
Look at them.
You took them, those kids, didn't you?
Geez, guys!
You always do the same thing to us.
Disappearing is your specialty!
What's it like, who's here?
The Haibara suggested it to us, and we followed you!
She told us that you wanted to leave us hanging
and go after that man alone.
Well...
-Daixò...- Mm?
What do you want?
In this area lives a novelist?
A novelist?
What's this about?
Is that my brother, after disappearing called home.
You should have said it before!
My grandmother picked up the phone.
She's hard of hearing, and she didn't quite understand what I was saying.
She only understood a few words:
"I am a people who are like in Soseki."
"I am a people...who is like in Soseki?"
(Thinks) Soseki....
And that, I'm going to explain to the police?
Of course you will!
But they didn't find him, that man.
So they thought that Grandma had misunderstood him.
But your brother is a fan of Soseki, right?
Maybe there's nothing to worry about.
But... Grandma said that...
My brother's voice was trembling and he suddenly hung up.
(Thinking) "I get it..."
"He must have called when he wasn't being watched and they must have caught him."
If you're looking for a man who looks like Soseki, he lives nearby.
The owner of the bookstore.
He has the nickname "Thousand Dollar Bill."
(At the same time) It's... it's him!
(At once) Please!
What... what are you doing?
-(At the same time) No, I can't.
Let him run.
That gentleman is...
(Man) You guys get him or what?!
What the hell counterfeit bills?!
Don't make fun of the big ones, kids!
Get out of here right now!
Coi de "Billete de Mil"!
I'm no cheap mediocre!
Why couldn't they put in Soseki Natsume the 10.000 bill?!
-You scared me... -You shouldn't have come.
-What's wrong with him? -It's very suspicious.
This bookstore probably has nothing to do with it.
There are no counterfeit printing machines in the back room.
As for printing machines, they have installed some
a newspaper shop across the street from the station.
A newspaper?
Yes, on the third floor of that building next to the police station.
I rented it two years ago.

Those gentlemen, what kind of people are they?
The president always wears a black hat with rather wide brims.
It attracts attention.
But they don't print counterfeit bills,
they print municipal leaflets.
Besides, they couldn't do it, they have the police at their fingertips....
Stop playing detective and go home.
It could be that this newspaper...
But what relation can it have with Soseki's?
See guys: "Drinking from the rock, the river for a pillow."
It's the legend that originated Soseki's name.
It symbolizes being stubborn.
We would say we drink from the river and use the rock for a pillow, right?
Doing this the other way around would indicate that the person is eccentric.
So, if we talk about counterfeiting bills,
the normal thing to do is to avoid people and hide in a discreet place.
But they are in front of the station and they have the police right next to them.
It gives the feeling that this behavior is eccentric.
But to go unnoticed to the police, it was the best place.
Your brother wouldn't have time to explain it.
So, my brother...
Yes, if all goes according to my deductions,
it's probably inside the premises of this newspaper.
We're telling them to go!
The ones from the newspaper next door kidnapped your brother
and they make counterfeit bills!
You've seen masses of gangster movies, you.
-It's true, really! -Cregui'ns, please!
(Thinking) To expect the police to believe us is asking too much.
Listen!
Don't move from where I've been released!
Did you feel me?!
Not at all!
Co... Conan.
-Even if you tell us... -... we don't want to take another step.
What?!
Fake bills?
Are you serious, Shinichi?
Yes.
I'm not completely convinced yet, but it's possible.
When you go in, be careful.
The kidnappers could use the hostage as a human shield.
A woman in black?
(Thinking) "Come to think of it, before..."
"Before, a person..."
(Ayumi) No, Genta!
Conan told us not to move.
Shut up, you bore!
I have to look for evidence, or the cops won't believe us!
Oh, my gosh!
There's no one here?
I don't see any counterfeit bills.
This Conan, he didn't make a mistake?
These are inks of different types.
They've done some tests.
Dis... excuse me, madam.
I beg your pardon.
I told you!
Those tests were not yet to be used!
They were so well done, that unintentionally...
Now you'll be able to pass so many that you'll get sick of them.
And I'm not talking about these normal ones from Soseki,
but the ones from Yukichi Fukuzawa, with more figures.
I suppose you've bought them, the inks.
Yes... yes, I bought them!
We have tried a few,
but this is the best for the watermark.
Hey, hey, hey!
There's someone in the next room!
It's kids!
There are 5 children!
Toshiya!
Eh?!
What are you up to?!
Shut up, kid!
He's come all this way to look for his brother.
How touching.
They've entered the newspaper building?!
It can't be!
Yes.
They said they'd find evidence and they've gone.
(thinks) "Those donkeys!"
"If it were the case... they could be...
they could be...
They could be accomplices of those men in black!"
(Man) Wow, man!
We still don't know where he is?
(Man) Excuse me.
I have used all the means at my disposal, but nothing.
But I still find it hard to believe.
It's inconceivable that he disappeared like that.
If she's not a living corpse,
it means that our attempt to kill her has failed.
You must bring her to me at once.
If she talks and discloses the organization, we'll be well and truly screwed.
Naturally, I don't care if you bring her to me dead or alive.
They've entered the newspaper building!
No way!
They said they'd find evidence and they're gone.
Shit!
(thinks) "Those donkeys! If that's the case, they could be..."
"Inadvertently, the Junior Detective League
has gone down the rabbit hole of the currency counterfeiters."
"The barrel of the gun of the woman in black smiles."
"Are these some accomplices of the men in black? Or are they not?"
"In Conan, intent on uncovering the mystery,
he goes forward on the path of truth
to help his companions and to become Shinichi Kudo again!"
You guys, damn it!
You had stayed in front of the police station!

Genta, we are going home.
If someone came, they would be angry.
Shut up, you bore!
If you want to go back, go back alone, Ayumi.
(Thinking) "They're still safe."
"I have to leave them in a safe place."
No more detective games, kiddo.
Oysters.
Oh! (Laughs)
Look at this, guys, it's bills!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
It's full of 10,000 bills!
That's so cool!
You could eat this and that and the other...
But they're very rare, these bills.
There's no left eye coming out of Yukichi Fukuzawa's left eye.
(Woman) And neither does the Daruma.
If my wishes had been fulfilled, they would be.
If the bills of the law had been made.
Where do they come from, you?
Do you want to see an emotional reunion between two brothers?
To... Toshiya!
Little brother!
Little brother!
-Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! -Toshiya!
Stop it!
They're really bad!
(Think) I'll call Conan.
Come here!
-What do you think?! - Leave her alone!
She wants to shut up!
I'm carrying a gun!
You see?
Don't touch the children!
If you don't stop, I won't collaborate with you anymore.
Quiet, boy.
I'll leave your brother by the end of the party.
Bring me that girl with the headband.
Ayumi!
Ayumi!
Hey!
What do you propose to do?!
I'll hurry things up so you can get down to work.
If they die one by one you'll be more eager to work, won't you?
Conan, help me, please!
Conan?
Ah.
If you mean the boy with the glasses, he's already dead.
In... in... in... in Conan is dead?!
That's a lie.
That's a lie!
This building has only one entrance!
When he's supposed to have been killed, eh?!
With the surveillance cameras we could see his movements.
We also watched the stairs outside this room.
To prevent you from escaping,
I have made the Inuyama went to the emergency exit,
where he found the boy with the glasses and he has taken her.
Au, au, do not cry.
All will be well.
I'll take you to the place where that boy is.
Goodbye, girl, have a good trip.
Stop it!
Who was it?!
Together with the grasshopper?
Don't make me laugh!
A in Fukuzawa lacks an eye so that the recorder took wrong.
What?
Yes, this man who wears the bandaged arm.
It's this gentleman, isn't it?
The real engraver.
As the master engraver took it wrong,
they had Toshiya's older brother replace him.
They summoned him when it suited them and locked him up here.
Printing inks, the printer
and a container with magnetic iron filings.
They had even prepared this.
Next time they wanted to use the printing press, right?
They wanted to make some bills that the machines would accept.
And then, to change a considerable sum
in the change machines of banks, and amusement centers.
By the time they'd figured it out, they'd be long gone.
Am I right, lady in the black hat?
But... but who... Who are you?!
In Conan Edogawa...
a detective.
Co... Conan!
It's... it's impossible!
If before, the Inuyama you...
Wow, this fat man's name is Inuyama?
I'm sorry, but I put her to sleep with an anesthetic dart.
An anesthetic... dart?
Yes, that's how she feels.
I hit her with your gun.
I hit her with a kick.
With a kick?
Yes.
With the power of these shoes.
That's it!
Hai... b... ra...
(Genta) Who... what a cane!
-You're great, Haibara! -You're what there is no such thing!
It's the first time I've ever seen a real gun.
(Think) This girl...
All's well that ends well.
-Brother!
-Toshiya!
-We have the case in the bag! How nice!
Hurray!
The Junior Detective League has won!
What happened?!
Wow!
Thanks for coming!
But we've already solved it!
The evidence, the counterfeit bills!
And Toshiya's older brother, who had been kidnapped.
Lo... hello...
(At the same time) So, it was true, the good kind?
(At the same time) With the Junior Detective League, the cases solve themselves!
Oi, Conan? Eh?
Ah, yes.
(Thinking) If I have to keep doing that, I won't have enough lives.
"Inspector Megure stopped all the members."
"Toshiya's brother was already released."
"And then..."
It collided with a mountain and has gone into its paw.
He'll empty his craw

and tell them about the organization behind it.
Organization?
You must have a code name too, right?
One like those Gin and Vodka!
Gin?
Vodka?
Sorry, but I stopped drinking alcohol years ago.
Come on, man, you t'empesquesques, now, Conan?
They are a gang of habitual offenders
who counterfeit paper money, the Silver Foxes.
It is made up of several members.
This time we have kidnapping and illegal possession of weapons.
She's going to spend some time in jail. I didn't shoot her!
She was shot by this girl here.
What do you mean?!
How could you think of doing something so dangerous?!
It's just that... it's just that...
Sorry, girl, I didn't mean to scare you.
(Think) At last and at last a girl is a girl.
Au, don't cry anymore.
Your house is near here, isn't it?
(Think) "Coi, I couldn't get anything out."
"I've been mistaken for men in black
and on top of that I have the cross to protect and accompany a crying girl."
From here on you can go on alone, right?
Well then, see you tomorrow.
See you at school!
Aptoquicina 4 8 6 9.
Do you know what this is?
It's the nomenclature of the potion they gave you.
But what are you saying?
I haven't taken any medicine like this...
I'm sure I didn't get the name mixed up.
It's the potion I'm going to synthesize...
following the orders of the organization.
The gold... the organization?
Synthesize?
It's impossible, a girl like you couldn't...
I am like you, also in tomé.
It produces a sequence of self-destruction of the cells,
through the nervous system
and that affects the skeleton, muscles, organs...
The cells regress to the stage of infancy.
It is an unknown poison.
Ha... Haibara, don't tell me you...
My name is not Haibara.
Cherry.
It's my code name.
What's that?
Did I surprise you?
...Shinichi Kudo?
So, you and those men in black are colleagues?
You don't have time to waste, you mind-blowing, hard-boiled detective.
What?
I had told you, my friend, that I lived on the second island of Beika number 22.
Right next door to your real house.
You know where I'm talking about, don't you?
(Think) "No, it can't be. A falta doctor Agasa?"
(Adult voice) Hey, doctor!
(adult voice) Doctor!
Answer me!
No matter how many times you call, you will always get through.
The receiver is off the hook and he can't pick up the phone.
Because he's practically left this world.
You... You have...
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN

