"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today ends the two-hour special."
"We ran into Gin and in Vodka."
"His brain of an adult and is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The girl who came from the men in black organization!
The murder of the university professor
(Man) You have murdered Professor Hirota?
This is impossible!
A moment ago he was full of vitality!
Mr. Hosoya, when you were leaving you met the lady, right?
Eh, yes.
My daughter is going to take her university exams,
and I had come to have the professor write me a letter of recommendation,
but the professor was drunk and I left.
Is it true that you say he was drunk, ma'am?
Yes, it is true.
Well, then, Mr. Morioka.
According to the message on the answering machine,
you also had an appointment with the professor.
Yes.
For chess.
We both like to play.
This afternoon he also invited me to play the game.
You see how the pieces are scattered on the floor?
We always played in this room.
We hadn't decided what time we would start the game,
so I called her, but it went to voicemail.
So I came to see what was going on.
Tonight, you came?
Yes.
I came in around 5:30 at 10:30.
I rang the bell for a while, but no one came out.
I thought he'd gone to sleep.
Then I went in.
I knocked on the studio door, but there was no answer, and I left.
Of course.
An hour and a half later, Dr. Agasa arrived.
-He forced the door and they broke in. Yes, just like that.
By the way, Mr. Shirakura,
after we arrived, you introduced yourself.
What was your reason for coming here tonight?
Well... I'm a model.
I have contacts with a magazine
where they do the section "The authentic and surprising face of the models".
At a party I disguised myself as a woman,
and I took a picture with the professor.
I wanted him to leave me the diskette with the photo.
The diskette with the photo?
Yes.
My husband has collected on the computer all the photographs.
And not only photographs.
Also the questions of the exams, the grades of the pupils
and the defeats and victories of chess games.
Now I get it!
This may be a motive for the murderer to have taken the floppy disks.
Surely this is the motive for the murder.
Mr. Hosoya, your daughter will be taking university entrance exams.
With the diskettes of the exam questions,
she'd be perfectly guaranteed to get in.
No... no thoughts!
I would never have done that!
Apart from us, someone could have come.
Besides, the professor also used the university computers.
Maybe he himself has taken all the floppy disks to the university!
Yes.
Since he didn't have them labeled, he must have taken them all with him.
Besides, this room was completely locked.
And what's more, the key had fallen out and it was under the notebook, wasn't it?
Whichever way you look at it, this....
(Think) "This is true."
"The access to this room was locked."
"Under the door there is a crack,
wide enough to get the key through."
"Maybe with a rubber band."
"After murdering the professor, I could grab the key,
lock the room from the outside and pass it underneath the door
so it would be in the middle of the room."
"But getting it to slide under the notebook is impossible."
"What worries me is that, despite the scattering of books,
for some reason, from the door on the phone is the notebook."

"And then there's the answering machine tape, which is very worn out."
"Is there any chance of getting the key under the notebook?"
(Remember) "Conan Edogawa?"
Yes, it's this boy with the glasses I told you about.
You told me you had gone to someone's house to settle a matter.
Yes.
To Shinichi Kudo.
The nano lives at the house of a private detective who has a daughter.
There's something peculiar about him.
He's a kid, but he looks like an old person.
By the way, Akemi, is everything all right?
You're in a very risky situation.
Everything is fine.
I'm more worried about you, Shiho.
Take it from me: stop being poisonous and find yourself a partner, or two.
Think that I'm fine.
(Remember) "I'm fine."
"I'm fine."
Impossible.
Eh?
Locking the room from the outside, leaving it in the middle of the room
and make it stay under the notebook is impossible.
Even if the answering machine tape was used, it would be.
There are many aspects why it would be impossible.
On the other hand, if the victim was so drunk that she fell down
and hit herself is a very plausible incident.
And staying here, in addition to being dangerous, is absurd.
Give it up, Kudo.
This case is over.
Checkmate.
(Thinking) "Checkmate..."
Let's stick to it.
We're going out the back way.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Don't you want to know the truths of this case?
I've already told you.
This is...
It's not an accident, it's murder!
After murdering him,
they've made a set-up to lock the room
and make it look like an accident.
I'll show you what the truth is.
In this world there is no mystery that can't be solved!
"Code name: Sherry."
"With Ai Haibara we went to Mr. Hirota's house,
"to retrieve the diskette with data of the poison she had synthesized.
"However, the professor, who was inside the locked room,
had been murdered!"
"The cause of death, once in the back of the head with a decorative object."
"This is an enigmatic murder in a locked room."
"The suspects: who found the lady when she was going out, in Hosoya;
the one who came to play chess, in Morioka.
and the man who came later, in Shirakura."
"Doubt is the key to under the notebook,
on the way from the door on the phone."
"On the other hand, the answering machine cassette, which was worn out."
"How had he done it, the murderer?"
Give it up, Kudo.
This case is over.
Checkmate.
(Thinks) "Checkmate."
"That's it!"
"Now I finally have all the pieces!"
It's an accident, an accident!
The professor got drunk,
he and the bookcase fell and died of a blow to the head!
It seems to be the only hypothesis, but some details worry me.
Don't come to us with petty nonsense!
The room was locked and the key was under the notebook.
If there had been a murderer, how would it have been locked?
What I'm trying to say...
Excuse me, tomorrow morning I have some business to take care of and...
-Yes, me too... -I'm leaving too.
(Agasa voice) Wait!
(Agasa voice) Not so fast!
Ah, it's all right...
(Quietly) What are you doing, with my voice?
(Agasa's voice) I've already figured it out!
The montage that they have done
and who is the murderer who has carried it out.
How... how does it say?!
Pro... quite a lot, Shinichi.
Make it look like you're talking.
This, whichever way you look at it, it's...
(Agasa voice) This is too complex for an amateur like you.
Speak for yourself.
Yes, the room was locked and it looks like an accident. (Voice A.)
But with the answering machine tape and the chess pieces,
you can make a montage in a closed room.
-With the tape?
-The chess pieces?
(Quietly) You mean you can?
Do not look at me.
Impose s, do as the detectives.
Less theories and more facts.
Will you prove it to us?
Can you show us how this setup works?
(Agasa voice) As you wish, girl.
Conan will help me and we'll reconstruct the murder.
Hey, can we really, Conan?
Yes, trust me.
It will be a resounding success!
Excuse me, officer, do you have a cell phone, please?
Yes, I have one.
Let me have the gloves too.

Inspector Yokomizo, I have already gone to buy the cassette!
It's like the one on the answering machine.
-How do you understand?
I have not demanat.-Eh?
Before, this child...
Well, it's the same.
Give me the cassette, please.
We take the tape out of the cassette
until we have the length we are interested in.
We put the cassette in the answering machine and leave the tape out.
We take the tape and, while we are stretching it in a straight line,
we go out the door and put it through the key ring.
Then, we leave the key outside the room.
we take the tape that we have left
and go back to the exact place where the notebook fell.
We put 3 pieces of the same height forming a triangle,
we put the end of the remaining tape
around the piece closest to the phone.
We put the notebook...
What a joke!
The force of the tape rewinding will not make the piece fall.
The base of the parts is stable,
therefore, it sticks to the piece and the notebook would come out.
The pieces will be placed upside down!
Even if the head of the pieces is round,
if they support a thick notebook, it will hold.
Look closely.
Now I will demonstrate.
I close the room from the outside, put the key on the floor and knock.
(Riiiiiiiiing!)
(Biiiiiiip!)
Then, the answering machine starts up and the tape begins to run.
This force makes the key pass underneath the door
and then under the notebook, in the middle of the room,
it cups the piece, the pieces lose their balance...
and the key remains under the notebook.
It... it is left!
Indeed, if the answering machine continues to work,
the tape is rewound and the evidence also disappears.
What?
Did it go well?
Yes!
It was perfect, Shinichi!
What?
Ah, nothing, everything went as I imagined.
(Agasa voice) If the pieces were placed at a corner of the notebook,
it was more difficult for them to end up under the notebook.
In this case,
the one who could make this assembly is the one who left 10 messages.
Mr. Akira Shirakura!
This means it is you.
-You have died my husband?! - Don't run so fast.
That the tape is so wrinkled proves the montage.
There's no doubt about it!
Wait a second, please, Inspector!
This editing is spectacular.
But why should I have done it?
I've only left a few messages on the answering machine.
If I were the murderer, I would not have returned to the scene.
(Agasa voice) You have returned to retrieve a certain object.
You had left the answering machine cassette
full of your fingerprints.
When they showed it to me earlier, I understood.
There was a pile of fingerprints, the cassette.
And I would say that I had not prepared the murder,
but that it was a crime of impulse.
Probably, tonight you have seen, you have discussed.
"Without thinking, he hit her with a blunt object."
"Then, he came up with the set-up."
"He left everything as if it had been an accident...
and left the room locked,
but it was an unplanned murder after all."
"Without gloves, he left fingerprints."
"I wanted to be the one to discover the body,
and when the lady thought the room was locked,
he'd take advantage of her carelessness and swap the tapes."
"But we found him first, the police arrived,
and, as he said in his message, he had to come."
"The fact that he left a record of who he was to the messages
made it difficult to perceive the set-up."
"If he had left many messages without a single word,
we should have centered on the tape with his fingerprints."
(Agasa voice) You can search Mr. Shirakura's property now.
I'm sure he has the professor's diskettes hidden.
In such a short time he hasn't seen what's on the diskettes he has taken.
Well, do you mind if we start at home, Mr. Shirakura?
They are in my car, which is parked in front of this house.
The diskettes are inside the trunk.
The floppy disk where that picture is, too.
That photo?
I told you before, remember?
The one that will be included in a magazine
in the section "The authentic and surprising face of the models".
I asked Professor Hirota to send it to me.
Instead, what he sent me
with the note "There is no face more authentic than this one",
was a photo with the face I had before.

The face from before?
When I became a model I had cosmetic surgery.
And I also changed my name.
With the makeup and the wig you couldn't tell what face I had,
and a photo of me dressed as a woman would be funny.
I couldn't send the editor a photo with my old face.
I thought he would let me, but....
If you want the picture where you were dressed as a woman,
right now, I don't remember which floppy disk I have it on.
But if you want the one I sent you, I can find it right away.
I'll send it directly to the publisher.
These words have made me go crazy.
When I went back to being me, the professor was already on the floor.
The rest went just as this gentleman explained.
Well, please accompany us to the police station.
Officer!
Yes, sir!
Mr. Shirakura...
perhaps I'm overstepping my bounds,
but I'm sure that the professor, by sending you that photograph,
wanted to say: "Don't fool yourself, trust you more."
These words...
I would like to have heard them from Professor Hirota's mouth.
It is a pity.
Caram, an extraordinary deduction!
We have solved this case thanks to you, Dr. Agasa.
It's no big deal.
By the way, can I have back the diskette I came for?
No, we can't.
It's the evidence and we have to examine it.
(Bass) You're making sense.
What do we do?
What do we do.
For the moment we should leave here.
Take care of yourself!
Goodbye, Inspector!
See you soon!
Come on, you too, hurry up!
Why? Why won't you help my sister?
Why don't you go help my sister?
Ger... sister?
Haven't you noticed?
Masami Hirota is the fake name she took from Professor Hirota.
The Masami Hirota of the 10 million yen heist!
Don't... don't go, Miss Masami Hirota...
If you go, you'll be murdered.
Thank you very much.
Forgive me, Conan.
(Thinking) Who should do it, who's pulling the strings?
Where have you gone?
Come out where you are!
You've done a good job, Masami Hirota...
No...
Akemi Miyano!
Traits!
Miss Masami!
Don't die, Miss Masami!
It's a powerful organization shrouded in mystery.
I'm just any subordinate,
I only know that black is its color.
Black?
Yes, the people of the Organization like it and always black.
It has, the key...
I don't want... to be used anymore...
Sign up for me... little detective.
That girl was your older sister?
Yes...
Aw, guys...
With such prodigious powers of deduction,
for her, you should have easily guessed what was going on!
And instead... instead...
Why?
"Her trembling voice through the tears
made me relive that painful experience
I had left forgotten in the chamber of my brain."
"It was the first time she showed me her real face."
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Thinks) "A 26-millimeter bullet!"
"And with the steel sheath in one piece!"
In the next chapter...
The blackmail case of those killed in the stadium, part 1.
A boy with a blue cap! The clue to the next Conan is...
It took us a while to congratulate you, but.... Happy New Year to all!
I wish you a joyful year together, fellow viewers.

