"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"All the spectators are hostages."
"The crucial hour of the game and the case is approaching."
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"We went to watch the Emperor's Cup final,
and in front of everyone 5 shot a soccer ball."
"Nichiuri Television, which was broadcasting the match live,
received a call blackmailing them."
"Prepare 50 million yen
and if you stop the match or do strange things,
I will shoot indiscriminately at the people in the stadium."
"The spectators were hostages and he demanded a ransom in return."
"Just as the blackmailer had instructed them,
they prepared the money,
and the inspectors who were watching rushed in."
The case of the blackmail of those killed in the stadium, part two.
He has already come, inspector.
He's wearing a gray trench coat, mask and sunglasses.
Now he's taken the bag. (Radio) People around?
(Radio) Nobody, it's sunny.
Molt well.
(Radio) Take it!
The gun!
Look for the gun!
He's not taking it anywhere!
Speak up!
Where is the gun?!
(Phone: man) "Don't touch it! Don't touch my partner!"
"If you don't, you'll murder someone from the audience!"
"Let go right now!"
(Man) "So you've alerted the cops..."
"This wasn't our deal, was it? Realizer Kaneko of the Nichiuri!"
It's just that I...
"You made fun of us."
"Charge me someone to see what we look like?"
Wait!
(Think) This man is dangerous!
"Let's see, who am I taking out? I have targets to give and sell."
Do what you want for the rest!
Satisfy his demands!
We'll stay out of it!
We don't want innocent victims!
"All right, we understand."
"I'll give you a chance to make it up to me."
Make it up to you?
(Phone: man) "This very thing!"
"Let Nichiuri Television pay me supplementary compensation
for calling the police."
"1 billion yen!"
At the end of the match he has to leave them to access 18.
"You have to collect them, if you don't kill a spectator!"
1.000... 1 billion?!
It's impossible!
"How? You can't pay my share?"
(Think) "My share?
There's one left!
Of the 8 people, are there any now talking on the phone?
No, this one is absorbed in watching the game.
It's the same here.
Here too there is no movement to indicate it.
(He thinks) It's impossible!
Where the fuck is he calling from, this man?!
(Phone: man) "Everything will be useless."
"No matter how much the police watch, they won't be able to see me."
What?!
"Would you mind getting me out of the way of the cops
you have around the bleachers?"
I guess you know, you've got 56,000 hostages here.
"Do you know what would happen, if you were to cross me?"
Understood.
I'll have my men stand down immediately.
"Don't play games with me!"
"From where I stand, nothing gets past me."
"At the top of the stairs to the main grandstand,
the man who is smoking..."
"In the main grandstand, second row,
the woman who covers herself with the newspaper."
"In front, the two men leaning on the railing."
"They're all cops, right? Want me to describe more?"
"On the right side of the main stand, the fat man..."
Genta, Mitsuhiko, Ayumi, I pay to the bleacher on the opposite side, right?
(Genta) Yes. Is anyone watching with binoculars?
Yes, there's a crowd.
They must want to see the faces of the players who are going to take a break.
Donkey!
I'm talking about the one looking at the stands, not the pitch!
Now he's talking on the phone!

Of guys with these traits, there has to be only one.
(Ayumi) I've found it!
A strange man looks through binoculars!
Where did you see him, Ayumi?
In the very center of the stands, where the stairs go up.
He's not talking on the phone, he seems to be listening to music.
He is wearing headphones.
They have something stuck to the cable, they are strange headphones.
(He thinks) "Sure! Cell phones can carry a hands-free!"
"That's why they haven't seen it!"
Ayumi, wait!
I'm coming!
It's him!
Keep an eye on him!
-Ayumi!
-Ayumi!
He's already here.
How nice!
Ayumi, who is it, the bad man?
That one up there!
With a cap, trench coat..., he couldn't be more suspicious.
Of course, he looks like a bad guy!
We've got you!
-Children, stop it!
-We won't let you run away!
Boys, get out of the way!
Now we put her to sleep with... Eh?
The ins... Inspector Takagi?!
Inspectors shouldn't go around looking suspicious.
He's right!
My radio was out of order.
(All) The radio?!
Yes, it wasn't working very well.
If I used my cell phone, they would have mistaken me for the blackmailer.
And the blackmailer's partner?
He took the money with his head held high.
His partner threatened to kill a spectator if we followed him.
He's the only one who left the stadium?
Yes.
Except for him, no one else left.
So, that man's partner is still inside the stadium!
We still have a chance to catch him!
But he's too greedy.
Asking for 1 billion yen is too much.
Probably, he has no money money for target.
Because 1 billion is not a sum that can be collected in 45 minutes.
So, how do you understand?
He must have wanted to shoot someone from the start.
When the whistle blew for the end of the game.
Takagi, how long ago did the match start?
It's been a quarter since the second half started.
There is half an hour left until the end of the match.
(Remember) "Leave 1 billion to access 18."
"You must collect them, if you don't murder a spectator!"
"I guess you know, you have 56,000 hostages here."
Damn!
Inspector!
We have lost the car in which the blackmailer was riding!
As we had been threatened if we followed him,
we couldn't pursue him in a conspicuous way.
We got the license plate number, but it was a stolen car.
We have no choice but to stop
the other blackmailer left inside the stadium.
The other one?
Was there someone else?
The blackmailer has missed the words "partner" and "my share".
It is likely that the blackmailers were two people.
Besides, that man told the position of the agents we have in the stadium.
Somewhere in this stadium, there is another blackmailer.
-How can we find him, inspector? -Inspector, what will you do?
Make us evict the spectators and treat them as suspects?
I'm trying to find a way, dammit!
What if they used the video?
When you called them,
they filmed the spectators with the free cameras, right?
Then, it is possible that it will appear....
Someone must be talking on the phone while looking through the binoculars.
That's right.
Can we see that video right now? Yes.
We don't see anyone who matches our suspicions.
That's impossible!
Have you checked all the devices?
These cameras allow us to distinguish things at long distances!
I was watching the photographers' area, but there was no one suspicious!
If while looking through the viewfinder of the camera I had called,
the people around would have suspected him.
Of course.
(He thinks) "It can't be!"
"How did he do it, to call out and have a full view of his surroundings?"
"How did he do it?"
I know... Mr. Inspector!
We have been able to raise 100 million.
But... to collect 1 billion is asking for the impossible...
We'll replace the missing part with newspaper clippings.
For... excuse me, Inspector Megure.
What flights, Takagi?
It could be that this man is not in it for the money.
No matter how fast a bank acts,
it's impossible to prepare such a large sum in 45 minutes.
So, the blackmailer probably only wanted the first 50 million.
Uh, wait, you mean...?

That from the beginning, he wanted to shoot someone at the end of the match?
No way.
Why?
Have they done anything that would earn someone's resentment?
I can't think of anything.
Hey, mister...
The voice on the calls was always the same person?
Yes.
It was a heavy, veiled voice, but I think it was the same man.
Since the man who called and the shooter are different,
the shooter should be the one who picked up the money.
Yes.
We know this because we heard the blackmailer's voice on the cell phone.
The man who took the money, he didn't have a gun, did he?
How do you understand this?
Don't tell me.
He gave the gun to his partner?
The ball was shot at in the 10th minute of the first half,
from the time he went to get the money until the injury time,
we have 35 minutes!
Look for what has been in the stands with the one who has collected the money!
(Announcer) "Goool! In the 37th minute of the second half!
Ramos connects an explosive volley!
The Big Osaka back on the scoreboard!"
We got it, inspector!
This man appears in the video!
Does he hand anything to anyone?
No, he's just seen walking down the hallway.
Ah, casumdena... He's out of the picture!
Do not be defeated!
We still have time.
We'll keep looking for him as long as we still have a chance!
(Think) "There's little chance he'll show up on the screen."
"Besides, we're not guaranteed that he's given you the gun."
"We can only take one measure to find the remaining blackmailer."
"We can only do this!"
Soon the added time will come! Shut up, I know!
(Think) "Casum, it's time! Where is it?! Where is it, where is it?"
"Where the hell is he?"
"Please..."
"We need time."
"Let time stand still."
Don't be nervous.
People cannot go against the passage of time.
If you distort its passage by trying to force it,
it leads people astray.
What do you mean by that?
(Genta) Ouch!
It was a close call!
It's already the third time!
It's no time to get excited watching the game!
It's not that.
We are also looking for someone suspicious in the crowd!
That suspect immediately disappears from the picture!
Disappears?
When you see that he focuses on the left side,
he moves the camera and disappears.
-This is camera 13, right? -What bad luck.
Do you see it?
(Thinking) "Before too..."
"I got it! That's what it was all about!"
The added time has already started!
What are we going to do!
We'll leave the bag in access 18 and keep watch.
The rest, enter session in the middle of the spectators!
Hurry up!
Ah, guys?
And Conan?
I finally recognized you, sir.
It's you, isn't it?
You're the one blackmailing Nichiuri Television.
You observe the surroundings with the camera, but you don't look suspicious.
He speaks into the microphone on the headset, connected to the cell phone,
and does not arouse suspicion.
And no one would think that the blackmailer is from Nichiuri itself.
I find that you are well informed, kiddo.
I have seen the video with the images you have taken.
He has focused on 4 occasions his accomplice,
but on 3 occasions you immediately removed her from the plan.
That's how I knew.
It was not by chance that he had not been able to focus on her.
He tried not to focus it to cover his accomplice's shoulders.
In addition, the positions of the inspectors that the blackmailer had pointed out
were from the main stand.
Only an apparatus located in the opposite grandstand could focus on them.
All the circumstances added together make him the only guilty party.
Will he give himself up?
Will he, sir?
Yes.
What do you know.
I'll turn myself in.
I have failed!
I'd like to say it, but it will never happen.
I have my reasons for doing what I do.
A Beretta.
Not a Tokaref!
No.
My partner's must be in a trash can somewhere.
Both the Beretta and the Tokaref, I got them a year ago,
because we were preparing a bank robbery.
For 3 years, we concentrated on preparing a perfect plan to take as much money as we could.
to take as much money as we could.
The day of the coup, a program was made in that bank.
The celebrity on duty, bank manager for a day, and everything was full.
My girlfriend collapsed, she took to drink,

and finally, he committed suicide.
Nichiuri Television had planned that stupid act!
Now I understand.
To avenge this grievance,
he became a cameraman for Nichiuri Television.
But what do you intend to do?
If you shoot me right here, someone will see what's going on.
They won't even notice.
All eyes of the spectators are focused on the playing field.
In the midst of this hullabaloo,
they won't hear the sound of a gun with a silencer.
In fact, no one has even noticed that you've come down here...
I'll shoot you right at the moment the match ends.
The cheers will turn into tragic screams
and spread panic.
I will play the deuce and fill the newspapers with statements.
"I am the murderer who killed a creature
because Nichiuri Television wouldn't give me the money!"
But what the...?!
(Announcer) "End of the match. Two to one!"
"Big Osaka have won the Emperor's Cup!"
"The man of the match has been, without a doubt, the free Ramos
for his work in attack and defense."
Hey, Ramos!
Very good shot!
"The blackmailer, when the match was coming to the end,
was arrested by the policemen who were on the field."
"Half an hour later, they caught his accomplice,
and the Cup came to an end as if nothing had happened."
(Title: "Koori no ue ni tatsu you ni")
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni abunage na koto mo Shitai.
Omoiegaite'ta yume mo katachi ni shite Mita Forever my Destiny!
Uchuusen ga me no mae ni oritara Kitts,
Tomodachi datte nokoshi chikyuu wo tabidatsu no.
Nani mo nai Mainichi ga ichiban da tono y uno keredo,
hontou wa nigete'ru kimi no INAI Hibi ni makete.
Koori no ue ni ni tatsu you ni Naish yo koi shitatte.
Hikari yori mo tooku kokoro wa tonde yuku... Forever My Destiny!
DETECTIVE CONAN
I would have liked to watch the game for a while longer.
They stopped the blackmailer right away.
And we didn't get the glory.
The case was solved thanks to you,
the inspector told me.
(At the same time) Really?
That you found that man, with so few clues?
Hats off to you, Kudo.
You are an increasingly interesting subject of study.
Not the kind of comment I want to hear from a grandmother.
Oops.
I'm actually...
the same age as you, 18 years old.
You see.
Kogoro, I'm going to call the police!
(Think) "Wait for me!"
Ran, you must run away...
The case of the murder of the magic friends (the crimes)
The clue to the next Conan is... An alias!
For once we have a story with 3 parts.

