"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"An impossible crime that turns out to be unthinkable."
"Somewhere there must be clues."
"His brain of an adult and it's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"We went with Ran and Sonoko
to a meeting of the Society of Friends of Magic."
"On the radio we sensed that Tsutomu Nishiyama had been murdered,
founder and head of the society."
"In addition, they had left a message hinting at more assassinations."
"We, who had turned around to go back to where the girls were,
watched as the rope bridge was devoured by flames."
"Somehow I made it to the shelter,
but the cold took its toll and I caught a high fever."
"Then, suddenly, the second victim appeared."
(Thinks) It can't be.
-Toshiya!
What happened to you?! - Toshiya!
Don't come any closer!
There's nothing we can do.
He's already dead.
He can't be.
We didn't touch anything at the scene.
The scene? That's funny.
The body is more than 10 meters from the shelter,
and all around, there's only Katsuki's footprints.
But then, you mean...?
I mean that no human being has wings, it's impossible to commit such a crime!
It is an impossible crime!
The case of the murder of the magic friends (Suspicions)
It's... it's impossible.
But... but why, Toshiya? Why would they kill him?
We still don't know the motive.
We only know that the cause of death was strangulation.
Someone killed in Toshiya
strangling with a thin string or something like that.
But I don't know how she was brought here.
Someone coming from the shelter killed her.
Come on, you think so?
How can you say that one of us is the murderer?
No, it's too early to say.
But it's just us here, isn't it?
No.
There's one more suspect.
We have reason to believe that man is now hiding somewhere.
Who is it, "that man"?
Gee, have you forgotten already?
You are a very strange people.
I'm talking about one of the people in the group that was coming tonight.
I'm talking about The Shadow.
He came?
Then it could be him!
Next to Nishiyama's murdered body
they have left a message that opens up this possibility.
Now it could also be somewhere trying to end our lives?
Enough of that color!
What's wrong, Kikuei?
Kikuei!
What's the matter?
I'm leaving this shelter where a psycho killer is hiding!
You won't be able to come back.
When I made my way back, someone had set fire to the bridge.
What?!
Without that bridge we can't get down this mountain!
We are completely cut off!
We have the option of cell phones!
-Yes. They won't help us.
There is no cell phone coverage here.
The killer has cut us off from the world beyond this mountain!
My God...
(Kogoro) You've found out the true identity of The Shadow?!
Is this true, Mr. Inspector?!
We don't know the first and last names,
but it's the alias of a member of the Society of Friends of Magic.
Take it out of your secret code.
Yes, it was the data of a stranger.
Of a stranger?
They were those of a person who had nothing to do with magic,
and he hasn't touched the computer for the last two years.
I mean, someone has been using his access code without permission
and has been sending messages under the pseudonym "The Shadow".
And the problem does not end here.
This person who has been using your secret access code
and who has been sending messages
is currently at the mountain hut.
The suspect is there.
That's for sure.
Maybe it's my fault.

I have chosen Toshiya to be the master of ceremonies.
(Girl) "If in Toshiya had not stayed in the room,
I'm sure he wouldn't have been killed."
Just because I had just chosen.
Toshiya!
Sonoko... Sonoko...
Don't feel guilty.
He blindfolded you and you drew some random pictures.
Even if you don't hit the jackpot,
you don't have to resent the other people who throw darts.
It's the same with this.
You've made him a helper, so he could do his number.
You have no reason to suffer, Sonoko.
(Thinking) The helper of a magic game?
Is it a good idea, staying here until help arrives?
We'll be safe here.
When the bridge collapsed, Kogoro was on the other side.
She told me she would notify the police and that we should wait for her here.
I'm sure that at dawn, she will come to help us with the police.
We can rest assured, but...
If the murderer turns out to be The Shadow, then...
Maybe, the cause of everything is the chat from the other day.
What is a chat?
A real-time conversation between several people,
through the computer, using the telephone line.
We communicate with the sentences we type
and those that appear on the monitor.
What does it have to do with murder?
Do you remember the conversation earlier?
They were discussing a magician.
Once upon a time there was an old magician named FUDEN Haruo.
He was known as "The Japanese King of Escapism".
Ah, he died accidentally in the middle of a performance last month.
Yes.
When we were all talking about that accident,
suddenly, The Shadow said something absolutely bizarre:
"That great magician died because of you."
What did he mean by this?
Six months ago, in a chat, we were talking about those escape shows.
We were hoping that someone would do them again someday.
Immediately after, the accident happened.
The Shadow said that it happened because we talked about it.
His resentment was unjustified!
I asked Nishitani to do some checking,
but there was no one in that chat room who could be Mr. Haruo.
But the access code doesn't always show the name of the real person,
besides, someone could have shown him the log of that chat room.
I consulted with Tsutomu and we planned this meeting.
We would gather the people who participated in that chat,
and we would do the face-to-face checks.
Now I understand.
But Shadow joined the group recently.
How did he know about it 6 months ago?
I don't know.
We invited the Shadow because we wanted to check it out personally.
The Shadow always told us one thing:
"I can fly and I can make my body disappear whenever I want."
Wait, but this...
If the killer we were thinking of was The Shadow,
with that impossible murder he staged those words.
He has performed a blood-tinged magic show before us.
Ouch... It's getting cold.
I'll go to the bedroom and get something warm.
Aaaatxim!
Ah, I'll go too!
I'll get a sweater for the child.
I'll come with you.
The more we are the safer we will be.
That we have to tremble every time we enter a room is too much.
I don't want it!
It's too big for me!
Shut up! Shut up!
Don't move!
What is it that the Sonoko was doing as an assistant in a magic game?
It looks like Toshiya had decided to distribute the tasks with magic.
With magic?
Naoko has been left as the head substitute.
Kikuei as the one in charge of the bathroom.
And in Toshiya, master of ceremonies of the party.
And it was closed in the room because it was master of ceremonies?
Yes, he thought magic games in the room.
And what did they do, the others?
Each one did the task that had touched him.
Ran, hurry!
The Shadow must be watching us from somewhere.
I'm sorry.
(Thinking) "The Shadow... That man is really the killer?"
"None of us here have seen him."
"And all the alibis are too ambiguous."
"Be that as it may, the murderer has shut us down and wants to make some."
"But I don't intend to allow him to act again."
"And if he's planning a murder, all the more reason."
(Cracking)
But what...?
A... An arrow!
Who is it?!

Get out at once!
Get in!
Get out of here!
What was that? (screams)
Sonoko!
(screams) Shit!
And the Sonoko?! It's with the Naoko to the toilet.
-What happened?! - The glass!
The glass of the sink broke and when Sonoko looked inside....
(Thinking) "An arrow stuck in a mirror."
"It came through the window?!"
Virgin!
Someone is attacking us from outside!
This isn't funny!
I've had enough!
Wait, Kikuei!
Wait, Kikuei!
You can't come out!
So much smoke, whoever you are!
Stop hiding and show your face!
Look!
Inside the forest there are footprints!
So it's true that someone was hiding.
No... it can't be.
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Watch out!
Ki... Kikuei!
Did you drink wrong?
Why the hell do these things have to happen to us?!
Look at this!
This, by any chance, must not be a crossbow?!
This finding is important.
It means that the murderer is someone and not one of us.
Well, thank goodness.
The murderer has abandoned the crossbow before he hurt someone.
Shit, what a lousy find!
What a lousy encounter!
I should not have come to this corner of the world!
You don't need to blame the encounter.
Maybe so much is given to you,
but I've been on the verge of being murdered.
Do you understand how I feel?
We'll go back to the shelter, okay?
To stay here is dangerous.
Yes, it is true.
I feel sorry for Toshiya.
Abandoned in the middle of the snow...
Maybe it would be better to cover it with plastic.
It's not right.
That there are no footprints in the snow around the body,
confirms that it's a murder out of the ordinary.
We can't dirty this beautiful work of art with footprints.
Work of art?
What a thing to say.
How cold.
These are crossbow arrows, right?
Does this mean these were meant for us?
If we hadn't been in luck, e-e would have shot them.
For now we should go back, anem's-en!
(Thinks) "This tree is the only one that the snow on the branches has fallen."
"Why?"
"A hole! There is a recent hole in the trunk of the tree!"
"I don't know if someone has done it to play,
or whether it was made by someone who was hanging around."
"If this is the case, why?"
"Who do I find suspicious,
is that man who is acting strangely...
in Katsuki doit."
That what was he doing when they have killed in Toshiya?
As I was sleeping I would like to know.
And what will you get, even if I tell you?
He must think that one of us is the murderer.
But listen, the arrow came from outside.
And we found the crossbow in the forest.
It must be someone else.
But no one has seen the killer.
It's too early to believe it's someone else.
Come on, Conan.
You're right, this time we'll set the record straight!
When Toshiya was murdered, he was locked in the room.
Me and Naoko were standing table and preparing the party.
That's right, isn't it, Naoko?
Yes.
Afterwards, I went to the kitchen and helped Sugamo.
They prepare something to snack on.
When Naoko and Sugamo were in the kitchen, what did you do?
I went to the room to get cookies for the party.
Oh, right, cookies...
I went to the room to check on Conan.
Yes, then Sonoko invited me downstairs,
we left Conan resting and went down to the dining room.
I went to the cellar to get some wine.
I put wood in the boiler to heat the bath water.
How long did it take you?
Mm... Let me think... maybe 7 or 8 minutes.
I think it took me about the same.
8 minutes or so.
That's what I calculated while I was cooking with the oven.
It takes 8 minutes, to go get a bottle of wine?
I didn't remember that there was a new lock to the cellar.
I had to go get the key.
-A new lock? -We can go check it out.
The two upstairs are new locks.
Caram.
How many locks!
Why should there be so many?
I had a burglar break in.
That's why I put more.
The only thing I have of value here is the wine from this cellar.
Is this the service door to the kitchen?
Yes.
All around, there's a lot of footprints.
Since we just got here we've done a lap around the shelter,
they must be the footprints from back then.

Come on, boy, you've had enough, haven't you?
Back inside.
Where's the bathroom boiler?
Come on...
This is where we have the bathroom boiler.
There's not much snow on the roof.
Of course, when the wood burns, it's warm and the snow slides down.
Hey, what's that window over there?
It's at the end of the second floor hallway.
If you climb up to the roof, you can get to the second floor, right Kikuei?
Conan, shut up!
You are right.
But I'm not the only one who could go up.
I've gone inside to check the temperature two or three times.
As long as any...
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
What are you saying?
Anyone who came in while I wasn't here could have come up....
(Thinking) "The arrows from the crossbow have entered through the bathroom
and through the room upstairs, the Kikuei's room."
"If the assassin fired the crossbow,
he could have done it from the forest."
"Something doesn't add up."
"I understand why he fired in the Kikuei's room
when he saw her shadow cast in the window."
"But why shoot at the bathroom, if no one was there?"
"What is this? Does it look like me or is it a staple?"
"What's it doing, lying here?"
"Don't tell me that..."
"This, it could be..."
Ah!
How is your investigation progressing, little detective?
Ah, well, little by little.
Come on, they've all gone inside.
He's incorrigible, this kid, always putting himself in danger.
Hey, Sonoko...
What Mr. Toshiya has distributed the tasks,
will you tell me in detail?
(Thinking) "Now I understand."
"I'm beginning to see clearly how it looks, this case."
"I have only one mystery left to solve."
"The impossible crime!"
"As long as I figure out this riddle, I won't be able to corner the murderer."
"But how did he do it?"
"Around the body,
10 square meters of snow that no one had ever walked on."
"Unless you take the body, lift it up with a crane and drop it,
doing something like that is impossible."
"Nothing I can think of is feasible."
-Do you fancy a glass of wine? -At this hour?
Just a couple of small glasses.
It'll put you in a better mood.
(Thinking) "Now I get it. That's what it was all about!"
"That's why he burned the rope bridge and cut us off."
"I understand it all point by point!"
"I see the set-up of the impossible murder!"
"And also the true identity of the murderer who carried it out!"
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Boy?
Chico...
(Shout)
It's Conan's voice! Let's go get him!
Again?
There's someone there!
It's the right side of the forest.
Wait for it!
In the next chapter...
The case of the murder of the friends of magic (The Solution)
The clue to the next Conan is... A crossbow!
In the next one, we have the solution! He will appear on the scene!

