"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today, the solution."
"The set-up and the murderer are outlined as if by magic."
"His brain of an adult and it's... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"The Ran and the Sonoko went to a shelter
to find the Society of Friends of Magic."
"But in Tsutomu Nishiyama, head of the society, was killed."
"In addition, they had left a message at the scene of the incident
hinting at future serial killings."
"The rope bridge, which linked us to civilization, was set on fire,
and then we discovered the body of a second victim in the snow."
"In fact, around him there were no footprints at all."
"This is the work of the member not participating in the encounter,
is it the Shadow's doing?"
"Now I get it! That's what it was all about."
"That's why he burned the rope bridge and isolated us."
"Now I understand the impossible murder set-up!"
"And also the true identity of the murderer."
The case of the murder of the magic friends (the solution).
(Think) Let's see, where can I start?
Hey!
Don't be naughty!
It's all right.
One is enough for us.
Sir, in this shelter do you have staples or scissors and long string?
What will you do, of these things?
We should wait for the police here, right?!
Since we don't do anything, I'd like to do my plastic homework.
Well come, I have it in my room.
Oh!
Look! I found it!
I found it!
I already have all 3 things.
Thank you, thank you!
And then, I need a drawing paper and wax colors.
Of drawing paper, I have, but of wax colors....
Ah, of crayons, yes I have!
You do!
Oh...
Boy... Boy...
What?!
What in Conan has disappeared?!
When I took my eye off him...
He must have gone to the toilet.
No, no, he wasn't, he was in the sink.
Besides, the crossbow and the arrows are gone too.
Oh, no.
This... This can't be right.
Don't tell me the murderer has taken it and...
(I scream)
It's Conan's voice! Let's go get him!
Conan?
Conan, where are you?
Conan!
Conan?
Ah, it's you, Ran!
(Cracking)
Again?
There's someone there!
It's the right side of the forest.
It's... wait!
Conan!
Wait a second, don't run!
Stop it!
Geez, you keep putting yourself in danger.
If the assassin found you, what would become of you?
If the assassin gets the crossbow again, he can...
If we stay here, he might try to kill!
What?
Everything went well, Sonoko.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
You know, I'm talking about that.
Come on, let's go.
What's "it"? Come closer.
So... Sonoko!
What's wrong with you?
React!
(Sonoko's voice) The one who should react and get to work is you!
Take the crossbow behind me, please.
How can it be?
How is it, that the crossbow is here?
Take it and go to Toshiya's room, on the third floor.
-Come on, what...?
-What do you want to do?
The Ran and I will play it.
We'll reenact the murder that took place in the garden.
The blood-stained magic show.
We'll reenact the bloodstained magic show?
Have you figured out the mystery of the impossible murder?
Yes, the set-up with which Toshiya's body was taken away from the garden
without leaving any footprints in the snow,
and the person who did it!
What did you say?
Do you know who the murderer is?!
Come on, Ran.
Take the crossbow to Toshiya's room.
I've got it all ready.
Yes.
How did you do it, with a crossbow?
(Sonoko voice) With the crossbow is not enough.
But if you have a long string and scissors, yes.
First we cut a hole in two arrows of the crossbow.

"Pass the string through and tie, until it forms a circle."
"Then another string is passed through for each of the circles."
"In the middle of this string you tie two more strings."
"We take the ends of the string that have passed through the circles,
tie them to the balcony, and that's it!"
All that remains is to shoot the fletxes.
Sonoko!
I have placed the arrow just as the paper said!
In which direction should I shoot?
At the foot of this tree, Ran!
It'll be fine!
If you miss, we can try again!
Shoot so that the strings don't twist!
Attention, I'm shooting!
Move aside!
Come on, let's go!
Wait for me!
I'll shoot for you!
These things are my forte.
(Think) That one, when did he come up?
Is that okay with you, Detective Sonoko?
(Sonoko voice) Uh... yes...
Okay, with your permission...
Bingo!
We'll celebrate when you've shot the other arrow!
Now, shoot at the foot of the tree in front, on the opposite side.
The pattern made by the hanging strings is like the sails of a yacht.
What the hell is this?
(Sonoko voice) You still don't see it?
Come on, Tsutomu!
Take the quilt that will act as a corpse
and tie it leaving a small loop of string,
and let one of the two strings of the yacht's mainmast pass through.
And drop the quilt as if it were passing through a rope path.
The body is left in the middle of the garden.
-Of course!
-It's impressive!
This way you can transport the body without leaving traces around.
You can pass the rope through a hole in the belt, and it is a rope path.
The killer has used the crossbow
to create a foothold suspended in mid-air on the rope path
and made the impossible possible.
How did he finish off the setup so as to leave no evidence?
If he tried to recover it, he could have tightened the string
but there would have been some strange traces left in the snow.
And at the scene, no trace was left.
No need to worry.
Come on, Tsutomu!
Tie the other string from the yacht's mainmast to another shaft
and shoot it over the forest, either right or left.
At the same time you must cut the string from the railing.
When you do, all doubts will be cleared up!
See?
Thus, you can remove the ropes from the garden
without the rope touching the snow around the body.
In... indeed.
But the arrows are still stuck in the trees!
Therefore, the murderer set fire to the rope bridge and isolated us.
To retrieve the arrows before the police arrived.
Isn't that right, Miss Kikuei Tanaka?
You say... you say the murderer is Kikuei?
It is not possible...
Do you remember that the murderer tried to kill me with the crossbow?
Still, why are you making me the assassin?
Ask the Ran, who was with me.
You set that up to pretend that they tried to kill you
so you would be above suspicion.
How did I do it?
(Sonoko voice) It's a simple set-up.
(Sonoko voice) "You put a staple on top of the window,
you've passed a string tied to a weight,
and the rest of the string you have passed through the pillar of the railing
and you brought it into the room."
"Then you secured that string on the bed,
while pretending to take the coat."
"Just by cutting it, the window would automatically break."
"At the same time that you felt the brittleness of the glass,
you fired the crossbow you had hidden in your clothes."
"And while the others were watching for the arrow,
you tightened the string again, you pulled up the weight and the curtains."
By this method it could be made to look as if someone had shot from the outside.
But I doubt this could work.
It does work!
Because I have shot the arrow the same way!
The setup I have used still in the room where I was before.
It is true.
But in my case, afterwards, the bathroom has shot an arrow.
(Sonoko voice) This set-up is also simple.
"You have suspended a string with a staple from the bathroom window,
and the extra string you had left over, you ran it over the railing upstairs
and secured it to the bottom latch of the window."
"Then, by opening the windows and releasing the latch,
you made the bathroom glass break."
"Earlier you had already stuck an arrow in the mirror."
"Then, when everyone was going to the bathroom,

You've picked up the pieces of the assembly."
Proof of this is the staple that has fallen off
and the claw marks outside the bathroom.
But we didn't find the crossbow inside the forest?
This is explained by the fact that later, when you went outside,
you made everyone pay attention to the footprints
you had left earlier to distract us.
Then you pulled the arrows out of the trees, didn't you?
The arrows you used to dislodge Toshiya's body
and the arrow pierced from behind and tied to the string.
"When you fell,
you fell because of the momentum you received by pulling out the arrow."
I would like to congratulate you and lavish you with praise,
but it is impossible for me to have died in Toshiya.
(Woman) "Because at that time, I was feeding the fire in the bath."
"For eight minutes I was burning wood."
Feeding the bath fire, going to Toshiya's room
and committing the impossible murder in 8 minutes is impractical.
Leaving the bath fire prepared in advance would be easy.
Apa ! if it was a coincidence, let m'escollissis to do it.
Chance?
That was no coincidence.
It was magic!
(Sonoko voice) As you were playing the role required to round off the trick,
you already knew what task each one would have to do!
A trick ?!
For this magic, pre-marked papers are used.
In this game, the assistant writes the names, and the magician gets them right.
But it was you who drew the pictures, wasn't it?
Yes, and they gave me a pen that didn't write,
a pen that was already worn out!
I didn't know that the pen didn't write
and I didn't know that the papers were marked.
Everyone thought that I had marked the papers at random.
You had to propose this trick to Toshiya to be the fire warden.
to be in charge of the fire.
And since you had already added the wood to the boiler before,
you went to the second floor from the place where the firewood is.
You waited for Toshiya to return to his room and killed him.
And you have implemented the impossible crime.
The thief who entered, it must have been you too, Kikuei.
You had to measure the length of the string you would use
and check the utensils and pens you would find.
You must have proof!
Gee, evidence flights?
Well, there is.
Inside your boots!
Another arrow pierced with a string!
If Conan has come running here, he has done it for a reason:
because he wanted to make you come through here!
Until a moment ago, you had not had time to come over here
to pull out the arrow that was left in this band.
The only one left is the one of the demonstration.
You had no choice but to pull it out.
A hole!
There is the mark of an arrow!
You couldn't leave the arrow you had handled abandoned, could you?
And there's nothing better than hiding it inside your boots.
And then, all that stuff about The Shadow....
(Sonoko voice) It must be an imaginary character that Kikuei created.
She must have used someone else's access code.
But she participated in the chat at the same time as The Shadow did.
This can be done if you have two telephone lines
to connect the computer through the modem.
Also, the name of Kikuei Tanaka and her access code
must be the code that someone else uses, right?
No.
Properly speaking, they are both mine.
From the granddaughter of FUDEN Haruo,
who had her death induced by you.
-The granddaughter of en FUDEN Haru?
-The granddaughter?!
Don't tell me that...
Yes... My grandfather used my access code
and communicated with you on the Internet.
He used the alias "El Niño Tafur".
I found out about it when I was going through his stuff
and I found some documents from the chat room.
I found it strange.
Even though he wasn't so young anymore, he wanted to do the escapism show.
B... but I...
Yes... My grandfather got worried and that's how he died.
I don't hold any resentment towards you.
But... I couldn't forgive them
those comments from Nishiyama and Toshiya
right after my grandfather died in the accident.
"I read it in the newspapers too and was shocked."
"I'm sure he was very pleased to die on stage."
"A reckless old man who was on his last legs?"

My grandfather had planned to reveal his true identity if he was successful
if he succeeded with the escape show.
"Somehow I succeeded with flying colors!"
"Have you enjoyed the show?"
"From the Tafur Boy: FUDEN Haru, the great one."
When I found this message on the computer
and saw those comments,
I felt terrible and nothing could stop me.
But if they had known that El Niño Tafur was in Haruo,
they would not have said that.
Maybe not... but he had noticed.
-He? -In Tsutomu.
I know because the day before the show,
he sent a message to my grandfather to encourage him.
How did he...?
(Sonoko voice) Probably because he's also a magician.
Gee, you haven't noticed though?
Katsuki doit is an anagram.
If we put the 7 syllables one after the other
and change the order.
Ka... Kaito Kid!
What is he doing here?
An excellent deduction, detective.
Where is he, Ran?!
In the next room, sleeping.
She's beautiful.
Costa stop looking at her.
You're always going up and down acting strange...
Red Herring.
Your alias got me all tangled up.
I congratulate you, yes, sir.
I didn't mean to tangle tea.
I came here because it was suspicious
that the late Niño Tafur continued to communicate over the Internet.
The Tafur Child was the name of the stage
where in FUDEN Haru made her debut.
I have realized that she was the granddaughter and that she was the assistant of that trick,
but I didn't see the murder coming.
I realized it too late.
It's embarrassing.
An impulsive character is a hindrance to deductions
and keeps us from reality.
You wanted to stop it, you wanted to put a stop to this murder...
I'm not a detective and you were half dead with the cold.
(Helicopter)
We will meet again, detective,
before the bell that heralds the end of the century stops ringing.
(Thinks) "It will never change."
"This heavy is loaded with conceit!"
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"In Kogoro and Inspector Megure arrived in a helicopter,
Kokue Tanaka voluntarily gave herself up
and the curtain of the case slowly fell."
"The one who was not so serene was Sonoko."
"After the case was closed she dragged us to a karaoke bar
and we had to put up with her for four hours."
"Apparently she was devastated
because she hadn't been able to see that thief."
"And then, after three days..."
You know something, Ran?
I found a great guy through the Internet!
What group did you join this time?
A bonsai group!
Are you serious?
Bonsai?
He'll never learn...
(thinks) "He's got blue plastic on his middle fingernail."
"Is it part of one of the killer's personal items?"
Ma'am, how come you're wearing this band-aid on your hand?
In the next chapter...
The case of the investigation of the missing murder weapon.
The next Conan's clue is... The day of the waste!
In the next, the proof leaves with a span of noses!
Let the crows do it.
Who are you?

