"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today's setting is an ancient castle."
"The great adventure of the Junior Detective League!"
"Your brain of an adult and it's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
Viva!
Oh, what a beautiful sight!
(Genta) Come on, hurry up!
(Adult voice) Camping, it's so cold!
Children are so happy...
-Look!
There are fish!
-Where are they?
Doctor, take the tent out, please.
The tent, the tent... Oh!
What's the matter, Doctor?
Don't tell me you were so foolish to be careless at home?!
How... how should I put it...?
Excuse me, I'm a case.
No joke?
(Genta) Wow, what a mess.
We come from camping and you leave the most important thing.
We have vacations and we are left without...
It seems to me that we have lost.
Yes, because it does not stop to overwhelm me!
It seems to me that today this car will be our tent.
What a ?
Wow!
There must be some boarding house around here.
Yes, there is!
A fantastic castle! Wow, what nonsense.
Well, it seems that it is not nonsense.
The investigation of the blue-colored ancient castle (Part 1)
(Ayumi) It's great!
It's just like the castles in the movies!
What's a building like that doing in the forest?
Some rich guy must have bought a castle overseas,
dismantled it and rebuilt it here.
Come on, let's go!
Wait, what are you going to do, kid?
You see, go inside.
Quiet!
Where did you come from, you little brat?!
You can't come in without permission!
We're good people, we didn't come here to do anything bad!
Who the fuck are you?
We were just passing by
and we stopped to look at this magnificent castle.
Will you show us inside?
Get out of here!
This is no place for strangers!
(Man) Tabata!
Who are they?
I don't know, sir.
We weren't scheduled to visit the castle today.
This dummy-faced grandfather wanted to come in...
How dumb?!
I'm a proper scientist!
A scientist?
My name is Hiroshi Agasa
and my reputation as an inventor is well known.
So, this brain must be light years ahead of that of ordinary people.
That's fine with me.
Come inside, please!
Would you like to spend the night with us in the castle?
Yes!
We will be very grateful!
But, sir!
Madame will not agree...
You will tell her that you are acquaintances of mine.
That will be enough.
Casum...
(Genta) Listen, sir...
Put me down, please.
(Genta) - What a great garden!
-What a great garden!
Ooooh!
It's a horse!
-There's also a black one! -Why is there only the head?
This kind of horse is like this.
It's a chess piece.
Chess piece?
There's not only the pieces.
See the grass underneath.
It forms a checkerboard.
It's been cut so that it acts as a chessboard.
Does anyone like to play chess here?
I don't know.
I just follow Master Sadaaki's orders,
and I take care of it to keep it as the former owner wanted.
In the will of the former owner, who died 15 years ago,
it said that keeping it was part of the inheritance.
The former owner?
So, that gentleman from before...
Ah, Mr. Mitsuru, the lady's second spouse.
He married after the owner Sadaaki died of an illness.
And then, the lady died in a horrible fire 4 years ago.
A horrible fire?
Look, I'm talking about that.
That burned tower there.
The lady had the bedroom.
It happened immediately after they went back to the castle
to celebrate her mother's birthday.
(Man) "They arrived at midnight,

and before dawn the fire had already taken hold of the tower."
"Not only the mistress, some friends of hers
and servants and waiters who had served for years, too."
"Dozens of people were devoured by the flames."
Those of us who had daytime duties escaped the disaster,
and so did the grandmother, who, because of a cold, slept elsewhere.
She also saved her life.
Ah, it was horrifying.
That young man over there, next to the bishop
is the only son of Mrs. and Mr. Sadaaki in Takahito.
He came back 3 days before the fire.
He had always studied abroad,
so that was the first time we met.
It was the first time she met Mr. Mitsuru.
Understandably, the lady had remarried abroad.
But for some reason, Master Takahito has also been living here since the fire.
since the fire broke out.
It's as if something has anchored him here.
When the two of them came to the castle they must have felt uncomfortable.
You didn't know what they were like.
Yes, when he remarried, the lady sent us a picture.
We all knew what Mr. Mitsuru looked like.
As for Master Takahito, look.
His face is identical to that of our late master.
Anyone who saw him would know they were related.
And the portraits on the sides?
That's Mr. Sadaaki and his mistress.
Mr. Sadaaki was the owner's son-in-law,
respected the owner Mamiya, who was a historian like him.
And the lady treated Mr. Sadaaki with condescending force.
My man was just an intellectual bickering type.
-Wasn't he?
-I know... madam!
I suppose you have explained it properly, to these people.
He was as quick to rage as he was to be radiant with joy.
I beg your pardon.
Perhaps I've made him relive some bad memories.
Don't worry.
I've gotten used to living here now that he's gone.
The tickets he left behind are still at home
and the passport, which I didn't renew, is small, not like now.
At first I didn't get used to it,
but with the passage of time, the uneasiness eventually eased.
Time is frightening,
it makes joys and sorrows be forgotten in the same bag.
Madam...
Who are they, these people?
Ah, this, they are acquaintances of the owner.
This gentleman is a scientist.
A scientist?
Oh!
Then he must be absent-minded.
There is something we delight to discover at all costs.
The enigma he left us.
A riddle?
At the moment of his death, the former owner said a few words.
That he would give his most precious treasure
to whoever discovers the enigma of the castle.
Come to think of it, my daughter has already returned?
She had to come back today, didn't she?
To celebrate my birthday.
No, she's not here yet.
When she arrives, come to my room.
You'll be distracted!
After the fire, it was in this state.
It must have suffered a severe shock.
Is there a room where you can see the chess pieces?
Is there?
The chess pieces in the garden?
(Ayumi) How cool!
You can see where the pieces are!
(Ayumi) - Where are they?
I don't see them! -Don't push us, Genta!
You can see them from this room too!
Can you really?
(Think) The arrangement of the pieces has some meaning?
It's fantastic, isn't it?
It's one of those coded messages that you like so much.
Am I wrong? No, maybe that's what you say, but...
Hey!
Hey, guys!
What are you doing?!
You will fall!
That donkey...!
What are you doing?
A little more and I'll fall... Ouch!
Ah, he has fallen.
(Thinking) "Ah... What pair."
"Eh? The window is touching the wall."
"The room we were in before also had the window touching the wall.
"So, what happened here?"
"Where is it, the space that should be in between?"
"This kind of thing opens up
if the needles coincide in a particular place."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai!
-Conan?
If it was here, right? -Yes.
Oysters.
(Think) Indeed, this castle is anything but ordinary.
This is starting to get interesting.
Oh, stairs!
Boy, they're deep.

How far should they go?
A... that's it!
That Conan has disappeared?
But he was in the room he was in!
We looked the other way and suddenly he had disappeared.
(Haibara) A chair that has fallen and some books on the floor.
A clock with the glass open...
What are you doing, Haibara!
(Boy) Children!
You don't need to do misdeeds.
You have done nothing wrong? -No, it was just a prank.
A prank?
No!
As in Conan has disappeared, we were looking for her!
She disappeared?
She must have gone to the toilet.
There's one downstairs.
Let's have a look.
-I think she said she's aniria. -That must be it.
What's strange.
That's strange.
-There's no ES here. Is there another sink?
Since we don't use this wing, we only have this one.
Maybe it's hiding somewhere and is waiting to scare us.
Sure.
When he wants to, in Conan he is so childish that he makes us laugh.
(Think) You are creatures too.
Master Takahito, dinner is ready.
Thank you, Mr. Takahito.
Is it already so late?
We had dinner prepared for you, are you hungry?
Yes, very.
But, if we don't look at Conan...
He'll be all right.
When he gets hungry, he'll show up.
(At the same time) That looks good!
Once in a while, it's good to keep the house lively.
Yes.
Since the mother died in the fire, we have no guests.
Excuse me, why did they stay here?
After the fire, you stayed here, didn't you?
When I left the university, I was already convinced to live here.
And I, at first, I stayed because I was worried about grandma,
who had lost her only daughter.
But I liked this castle where my wife was born.
The castle is not what you liked.
You liked is the fortune it hides, right?
Grandma, come on.
Ha-ha-ha!
You're not wrong.
To deny that the will of the previous owner interests me, would be lying.
I cross myself, that my daughter would let herself be cheated by a greedy man.
I will dine in the room.
When my daughter arrives, let her come!
I'll teach her a good lesson!
As usual, the grandmother acts as if the mother were alive.
Her memory must have weakened.
Since her legs started hurting, she hasn't left here.
Have you figured out the riddle yet, Dr. Agasa?
They haven't told you anything yet?
The previous owner left in the will:
"I will give my most precious treasure
to whoever discovers the riddle of this castle."
Yes, Mr. Tabata, the gardener, told me about it,
but I don't know where to start.
For the chess pieces in the garden.
If he made that chessboard
to imply that they were hiding some treasure,
perhaps the chess pieces hide clues to uncover the riddle.
They are the first step.
Is this true, Ai?
Have you... have you found out the meaning of those pieces?
How should I know?
You haven't solved it in four years.
If I had solved it, maybe it would have disappeared in some corner,
as has happened with the gourmet of mysteries.
-Eh?
The gourmet?
-Of the mysteries?
-Here, the bag.
This one suits you? -Yes, thanks!
Mh?
What will you do with this bag?
I'll keep the bread.
Then I'll take it to Conan, I'm sure he must be hungry!
By the way, and the boy with the glasses?
It's been a while since we don't know where he stops.
We'll go look for him when we finish dinner.
This castle is quite big, it's normal that he got lost.
I hope he didn't get lost in the tower.
That tower?
Yes, you have seen the tower, haven't you?
4 years ago, my wife was burned to death,
I'm talking about that burnt tower surrounded by vegetation.
Now it will be exactly two years ago,
a servant we had just hired
mysteriously disappeared one night.
(Man) "I often said:" In that tower there is something strange."
"As he was a joke, we didn't pay any attention to him."
"One day he went into the tower and we couldn't find a trace."
"The police raided the forest to find him."
What happened next?
After 10 days, they found his body in the forest.
He had died of starvation.
Do you know the cause?
No.
The police said he'd wandered off into the woods until he got lost,
and that it was an accidental death.

But among the service, a rumor began to spread.
They said that the vengeful spirits of the mistress
and of the people who had been burned to death had possessed her.
So, we had the entrance to that tower blocked.
Then, if we don't find it soon, Conan will be hungry and....
-Yes, I will also put my pa.- Me too.
Well, then, we divide selected and we search before it gets dark.
(Genta) -Conaaaaaaaan! -Where are you?
Don't hide, come out, please!
It seems that he is not in the garden.
Inside the castle, we haven't seen him anywhere.
Then he must be in the tower.
No.
At the entrance, the door was locked as usual.
So, we only have the forest left.
But now it's raining hard.
And at night, the forest is dangerous.
We will search tomorrow morning after calling the police.
Au, children, in you go.
We'll continue tomorrow.
-What? - No, it's not right.
Ayumi!
Conan!
Come back!
It'll be all right.
Conan is not the kind of person you have to suffer for.
Knowing him, I'm sure he'll find a way to get through this.
If you have time to cry,
make sure you have time to grab the bag and keep the bread from getting wet.
-Eeeeeei!
-You've got a cold!
Come on, let's go back.
Tell me something.
How do you know Conan so well?
I don't know.
Maybe it's that...
Do you like it?
Do you like it, in Conan?
If so, what would you do?
I don't... I don't know...
Don't worry.
I don't look at him with those eyes.
He's a friend and that's enough.
Really?!
What a joy!
Really good?!
I don't understand kids nowadays.
Shinichi will be fine.
The fact that we have no news proves that he is safe and sound.
Don't be so naive, doctor.
Do you think he would disappear for so many hours without contacting us.
and make us suffer for no reason?
Something has happened.
Either someone in this castle has locked him in and he couldn't escape...
or at worst, he's already been murdered.
Hey, wait.
We need to call the police without these people noticing..,
and continue the investigation.
It's not in the forest, where we have to look for her, but inside this castle.
I have an idea where...
You must assert yourself, doctor.
Without him, we can only count on you, a grown man.
Ooooooooh.
Yes.
Let's see, a telephone... a telephone...
Oh, I've found it, I've found it!
Shinichi's... Shinichi's cap...
What is it, this door?
What the fuck is it, this hallway?
(Haibara) Talk to Yokomizu or Megure, they know us.
(Haibara) Doctor?
Doctor...
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
So, in Genta too.
It must have fallen into the hands of the person who was following us, for sure.
(Loud bangs)
It's not Haibara!
Conan's glasses...
His aim was to seize the fortune of this castle.
Ah!
In the next chapter...
The investigation of the blue-colored ancient castle, part two...
The clue to the next Conan is... The size of the passport!
The suspect is a surprising character.
(Genta) It is very clear who he is!

