"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today we will solve the riddle of the castle."
"Is it true that in Conan is safe and sound?"
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"Dr. Agasa and the League of Detectives
went camping, but we left our tent behind."
"We got lost until we reached a mysterious castle."
"Fortunately, we were offered to spend the night."
"The family that lived there, the Mamiya,
seemed to be moving for uncertain reasons."
"Inside the castle, I found a hidden secret passageway
and discovered a human skeleton in a kind of basement."
"But then..."
The investigation of the ancient blue-colored castle, part two.
What the fuck is it, this corridor?
What the fuck is this?
Hey, I talk to the police?
Trick from Shinichi Kudo.
May I speak to Inspector Megure?
Hello.
Making a call to a friend, kiddo?
Hello?
This is Inspector Megure! Yes, I'm finished.
Ah, Haibara!
-Are you here? -They've prepared our beds.
-You still haven't heard from Conan? -What about Dr. Agasa?
That wasn't with you?
Maybe he's looking for the treasure of this castle.
The doctor's bed is still empty.
Something must have happened to him.
(Takahito) Grandma?!
What's wrong with you?
What are you doing up so late?
I've come to look for my daughter.
Grandma, let us take care of you.
Go to sleep, please.
(Think) It's imperative that I make a check.
I knew it.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
We're worried about Conan.
Dr. Agasa hasn't come back either.
We thought we'd help you look into it.
-Between all 4 of us, we'll do more work.
O-Of course!
Well, as you wish.
For murder, I don't want to know anything.
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean by that?
Where are we now?
It's the room where we were this noon.
Genta, can you put the chair under the clock there, please?
-Haibara, what are you doing? -What do you want to do, come up here?
-Oh, what's this?
-A secret passage.
If you move the hands of the clock manually,
it activates a mechanism that opens the door.
Wow, Haibara, that's one of those...
A doctor's flashlight watch.
Wow, he gave you one too!
"Also", what do you mean?
Caram, we can do something useful.
Come on, let's go.
What a long scale.
What's that?
It's blood.
From the color and the way it's dried, it hasn't been here long.
You're amazing, Haibara.
You look like Conan!
I don't know where you get this optimism from.
It could be his blood, you understand?
Eh?
Look at this!
There's some letters marked!
"He wants to impersonate me."
"He wants to take the fortune of the case from us..."
Looks like he wanted to put "from the castle."
Has he recorded it in Conan?
No, from the writing, I doubt it.
-And the incisions look old. -So, who must have written them?
No idea,
as the word "castle" was left like that,
it means that whoever did it couldn't finish writing it.
-Didn't finish it? -It can't be...
Yes, this means that it is possible that he died here where we are.
The Edogawa was supposed to discover the body,
and taking advantage of the fact that he was distracted, someone must have attacked him from behind.
This would explain the blood.
Guys, there's something on the ground.
It looks like glasses.
Gee, wait a minute.
Those are Dr. Agasa's glasses!
And how come they're here on the floor?!
They're broken and stained with blood...
Maybe something happened to him!
-Haibara?
-(All)
(All) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
(Think) This is where I've lost the teacher.
That's strange.
Now I can't open the damn door.

Oops, in Genta it's still inside.
We'll have to go back to where we came in and start over.
Shit!
What's going on?
It used to open!
-It seems to be closed with clau. How can it be?
It was open before.
Could we be being followed by someone?
He locked the door
to prevent us from running away and turning back.
But, by chance, we were able to get out through this door.
And what happened to Genta?
He must have fallen into the hands of the person who was following us.
What do we do now?
We will look for another entrance that will lead us to the corridor.
We still have a chance of finding the 3 missing people alive.
What a big room!
Mr. Takahito uses it as a workshop.
He explained that he paints.
Blow!
This is full of newspapers.
They are used to cover drawings or to dry brushes!
Anyway, they're old newspapers.
This is...!
The fire from 4 years ago!
What is it, that?
Conan's glasses! (Something crawls)
15 people died in the fire.
The identity of the bodies could be determined from personal belongings.
One victim is still missing.
Using this fire,
anyone could impersonate another person.
Ha... Haibara, he's not at Mitsuhiko.
-Maybe he entered through that door. -That's strange...
It's the door of the tower that caught fire,
It was supposed to be closed.
-Mitsuhiko!
-Wait.
It could be a trap.
I'll go in, you hide in the bushes.
But...
Count to 300, if I'm not out by the time you're done, run away at once.
If you escape through the forest, hopefully, we can save ourselves!
-Haibara... Au, don't let yourself be defeated!
Think that you have to bring bread to Conan.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
83, 84, 85, 86, 87...
153, 154, 155...
298, 299 y 300.
300. I've already counted them.
Ha... Haibara!
Haibara!
Where are you?!
Haibara!
"Count to 300, if I'm not out by the time you're done, run away at once."
"If you run away through the forest, hopefully, we can save ourselves!"
(Thinking) I can't.
I can't do it.
I can't run away.
I have to take the loaves to Conan."
I must not be afraid!
Let's go!
Haibara!
Where are you?!
Answer me!
Haibara!
Ah... this...
is a washbasin.
Ah, Haibara!
(loud knocking)
It's not her.
It's not Haibara! (knocks)
(blows) Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
He's gone.
Do you listen when they talk to you?
I told you to run away!
You saved your skin because you happened to be at this secret door.
If not, you would be dead by now.
When I thought you were all in danger,
I found it unfair that I was the only one who could run away.
Coi... Girl, you're a pain in the ass.
Come on, dry your tears, we'll go get them.
Yes.
Haibara, what about Mitsuhiko?
If he's gone inside this tower,
that mysterious shadow must have captured him.
It can't be!
Conan and the others are gone.
Hey, what happened to your transmitters?
They ran out of batteries, and we gave them to the doctor.
Ah, look!
There's somebody!
Look, there!
Aaah!
A... a skeleton!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
This is...
As it has the bones, it died years ago.
But, from the dust, it wasn't long ago that it was put here.
It looks like the person who made those inscriptions on the staircase.
I'm sure, the Edogawa discovered her and brought her here.
But who was it, this person?
(Thinks) "The bones of the legs are quite thin."
"The teeth are quite worn down."
"And this length of hair is typical of a woman."
"So, the murderer who impersonated her is..."
(Grandmother) What's the matter, girls?
I heard voices and came to see what was going on.
(Grandma) Eh?
Where are they, your friends?
Do you want to tell me?
It's terrible!
A bad person has taken my friends.
Ha... Haibara?!
Wait, if we do not grandmother, the bad will attack him!
But what's wrong with you, Ayumi?
This woman is the one who attacked you!
The bones of those legs were from a person
who did not walk for a long time.
-It's the corpse of the grandmother! Then who is that lady?
She murdered the grandmother and pretended to be her!
She had cosmetic surgery and fooled everyone.

He committed the crime on the day of the fire
and killed the victim's daughter.
He knew these corridors,
and fled the fire without anyone noticing.
He was to return after having cosmetic surgery!
His goal was to seize the fortune of this castle.
Ah! (Grandma) You're so smart.
(Grandmother) You are very clever.
Grandmother found out that I had come for this reason and sent me away.
When this happened, I replaced her.
Besides, our voices were very similar.
Don't worry, I won't close the cellar like I did with her.
You will be unconscious,
and when three days have passed,
I'll leave you in the woods with her friends.
You'll be pale and you'll look like Mr. Smarty Pants!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Enough!
Putting children on a forced diet is not right.
It's true!
They're already fine the way they are.
Having a full stomach is much healthier!
Hello, kids!
Damn you, how could you...?!
Thanks to Mitsuhiko.
With the tracking function of my glasses,
she's located the signal from the transmitters the doctor had.
I'm... Shit!
Don't run!
Running away won't do you any good.
Mutsumi Nishikawa, you are the person who went missing!
I asked a plastic surgeon who knew you about you.
He tells me about that patient
who had cosmetic surgery to make her look old, right?
So you have also seen that corpse.
Without seeing it, we would also have known that you are an impostor.
If you were an old woman who has been closed for 10 years without traveling,
you wouldn't have been able to talk about the inconvenience
to have your passport resized.
Unless you had to go abroad several times to keep this face.
to keep this face.
You got it right and I would like to compliment it tea, but I don't have the time.
I know these secret passages and she can never catch me.
Well, will you run away from here?
I know where is the secret passage I wanted to know.
What a ?!
You have deciphered the riddle of the chess pieces in the garden?!
The position of the pieces is determined by letters of the alphabet,
from a to hache and also numerically from one to 8.
Starting from the direction in which the knight is facing,
the path is the position to observe it.
Taking only the white readings,
y, ge, ge, hache, y, a, de.
In English, Egg Head, that is, "intellectual type discussant".
Yes.
Whoever thought up this riddle was the former owner of the castle.
Then, if we turn the picture as indicated by the black pieces....
the access to the secret passage opens in a big smile.
Oh!
20 long years serving in this castle!
The treasure I've been looking for, at last....
I won't let anyone else have it.
It is mine!
It's on the other side of this door!
What is it?
Where is it?
Where is it, my treasure?!
Where the fuck is it?
The inscription on the door says.
"I give the view of this castle to the first one who reaches this point."
It can't be.
I've killed dozens of people for something as ridiculous as this?
I've turned my face into the hideous face of an old woman
for something so ridiculous?
For this... nonsense?
"Within an hour,
the police arrived and took the murderess away."
"Now, devoid of soul, she was a pathetic figure
who had really become an old woman."
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Mr. Mitsuru was disappointed by the treasure in the castle,
but in Takahito, upon learning that the assassin had been apprehended,
he breathed a sigh of relief."
"It seemed that he was suspicious of the fire and investigated on the sly."
"Those secret corridors from the beginning were the castle,
and the former owner, a historian,
ensured that they were restored when he rebuilt."
-This castle was so much fun! -What a thrill!
Yes, yes!
Me and Conan have been stunned, remember?
Listen!

Master Takahito says breakfast is ready!
Come on.
The boy with the glasses hasn't eaten anything since yesterday, has he?
We're sorry, but it's not necessary.
We have groceries in the car.
Besides, I prefer these breads, they must be delicious!
-Well, since you ask for it, there's aniré, I... me too!
What a face...
Come on, Gomel!
What happened?
A black shadow is swinging!
What's wrong, Mitsuhiko?
Well... I've seen it.
In the next chapter...
The murder case of the last session, part one...
Inspector Takagi has the clue to the next Conan!
The air conditioning in the cinema!
In the next one, the setting is a movie theater!
Someday I'd like to... Oh, how embarrassing.

