"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today's stage is a movie theater."
"The screen reflects the shadow of crime."
"His brain of an adult and it's... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The murder case of the last session, part one.
Some vouchers for free admission to the movies?
Dr. Agasa has given them to Haibara because let's go.
We can go to any movie theater we want!
That's nice, isn't it?
Let's all go!
This Wednesday, the school party,
the Detective League will be a movie-watching club!
You mean it's going to be a movie club.
You'll come, won't you, Conan?
Ah, well, it's just that I, well...
But what are you saying!
You don't want to come?
The Haibara invites us and you want to make her a disdain?
The voucher was for a raffle.
Yes, of course...
But to strengthen the bonds of friendship, we must go together!
This, we must strengthen the bonds of friendship!
And what will we get?
All right, all right.
I'll come with you.
(Think) You see, what a remedy.
How do they take care of you, eh, detective?
Let's let him run.
(Genta) Gomera, Gomera!
(At the same time) We'll see in Gomera!
We are the Junior Detective League, right?
What if we go see "The Murder of the Legendary Onimaru"?
Oops, no!
Surely we have to think.
Let's watch an easier one, with special effects.
And you, Haibara, what do you want to see?
How about "Einstein's Life of Glory and Suffering"?
It's made by Geibunza Cinemas.
Einstein?
What did he have?
That he was starving?
(Think) Maybe he had rheumatism, if you like.
Understood.
Let everyone go see what he wants.
No!
Dr. Agasa said we should go together, and so we shall.
So what do we do, Mitsuhiko?
At times like this, there's only one definite solution left.
Yes, sir, you're right.
(All) Rock, paper, scissors!
(Movies: man) "Oh, how unfortunate."
"Just now I had made this discovery."
"If we don't stop him, he won't stop killing people."
"He has no mercy. He has no mercy."
"Mankind has only one last hope left."
"It has only one last hope left...
in the legendary monster Gomera!"
-Come on, come on, Gomera! -Come on, Gomera! -Slave the cannibal monster!
-Cheer up, Gomera! -The boss is the weak point!
The probability of seeing Gomera was 3 out of 5...
What are you going!
Well I like it, the movie.
To see the end of humanity, which has relied on science...
Don't you find it interesting?
(Boy) Hey!
Do not make a fuss.
Stop raising your arms and getting up from the seat.
Don't you see that you are disturbing others?
Let's see if you have more education!
(Boy) - Yes.
I'm sorry.
We are sorry.
Where, this one, with these fumes?
You fools.
It's your fault for not behaving.
Anyway, there are very few people, right?
Yes, there are.
Except for us, there are only 4 of us.
We're having a party because it's the school's foundation day.
Besides, this movie is a re-release.
Father told me not to come here because there are fights.
The mother told me that too!
(Thinks) "Actually, it's a bit run down."
"There are ladders and a lot of ropes and wires scattered on the floor."
"Maybe they're renovating."
(Genta) Funny, huh? (Genta) -Yes.
It's nice, in Gomera, isn't it?
It had a creepy face and small body, but it's been good.
They made it when none of us were born yet.
It was evolving.
Wow!
What did you think, Conan?
Huh?
Ah, not bad.
(Thinking) As a kid, I had seen it a thousand times.
Come on, let's play soccer?
What are you talking about!
There are still two more movies left!

(Thinking) Triple program... And besides, I've seen them all!
Triple program.
5 hours of extraordinary show.
Perfect, isn't it?
It can't be...
I'm hungry.
I think the bar sells popcorn.
-Shall we go? -Yes, let's go!
It's a good thing we came!
-Shall we go, Haibara? -Yes, let's go.
Hey, Conan, you too.
Wait. Contact us.
Although we need to see more...
From time to time, it's good to let our neurons rest
and be able to breathe a little.
I'm taking it that way, today.
Breathe a little...
If you make your head go too much, you'll go bald as Agasa.
(Girl) You have.
Two colas, 3 coffees and 5 cones of popcorn.
Three popcorn cones is enough, miss.
Come on, take all 5.
On the house as a thank you.
You are the last customers.
-The last ones? (Man) - Exactly.
Today is the last day we're open.
After 30 years, this cinema must close.
That's why there are ropes and cables everywhere?
It's because the builders are in a hurry to finish the job.
-They could wait until tomorrow. (Man) - They're not complaining.
We should have already started and we let you open until today.
The owner asked me to wait
the anniversary of the day the cinema opened.
Mr. Haruto!
I'm surprised that on the last day a free movie is shown,
there is such a poor admission.
If you crushed it in Gomera you would still do us a favor, wouldn't you?
Hey!
Smoking is forbidden in here!
How many times do we have to repeat it to you!
Ah, sorry.
From tomorrow I'll be more vigilant.
Ah, but now that I think about it, tomorrow, this will no longer exist!
Ha-ha-ha!
Who would...!
Hey, mister... Yes?
Does he come here very often, this man?
Lately, we have him here every day.
Whenever he comes here in the middle of a movie, he always organizes fights between hooligans.
I'm sure he pays them to make trouble.
He wants us to get a bad reputation for forcing us to close.
How can you be so sure?
(Girl) But, Mr. Muramatsu...
(Think) Eh?
That boy is what...
Did the Ide come here today, too?
Yes.
Since it was the last day, he asked me if he could take pictures.
-There's no problem, is there? -No, and now.
The Ide is a big fan of scary movies,
and he's been coming here since he was little.
He's like a son.
Yuri, shouldn't we start eating, we?
Gee, I forgot to go buy lunch!
Ah, don't worry, I'll go.
No, stay here to attend the last sessions of the cinema.
Yuri, go shopping when the movie starts.
Anyway, it seems that not many spectators will come.
If they come and want nothing, the lady at the box office will serve them.
Well, it's about time to start.
By the way, we're out of tea.
Will you buy it?
All right, I'll bring ticket.
So they have to tear it down...
Pity.
With all the good movies they used to make.
Yeah, it's a shame.
In the end, the other monster lays an egg in Gomera's belly.
What anguish!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
But what does he do?
He-he-he-he!
Who, me?
He has been in Gomera.
Anem's-en de aquí!
(He thinks) "Maybe this guy rents out hooligans to make noise."
"Poor landlord."
"I'd better watch the movies and have the best time I can."
What's the matter, Mitsuhiko?
Are you afraid?
No.
Don't you find it's colder?
The air conditioner is too loud.
(Thinking) "It's true."
"Wow, children fall asleep, with such long movies."
Haibara, the Ayumi has slept.
Will you change my place, I'll go to the sink?
(Thinking) "Gee, I won't be able to move until the movie is over?"
"And the sink...?"
Gomera!
(Fairy) Gomera, be quiet...
How beautiful, the Emera, isn't it, Genta?
(Movie) Gomera!
Mr. Furuhashi, your tea is ready.
-Ah, thank you, beautiful! -Ah, thank you, beautiful! -All right. -I'll leave it here.
I'll leave it here.
"Please, Gomera, don't do anything foolish."
What's the matter?
There's a shadow going from one side to the other!
(Thinking) Something's hanging in the projection window.
Yuri, go see what's going on!

-What happened? What is this?
(Thinking) But it's...!
It seems that today you won't be able to rest as you wanted, young detective.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The dead man is Seiji Haruto, 43 years old.
He was the owner of a real estate company and had bought this cinema.
He often came here, Mr. Haruto?
Yes, lately almost every day.
But he didn't come here to watch movies,
but to inspect the works for the demolition of the theater.
He was a bad man.
-He didn't let us work in peace.
We had called his attention to him many times,
but he kept smoking inside and teasing the spectators.
He would sit in front of the projection window.
The smoke rising from the cigarettes shadowed the image and was annoying.
Today he did not stop smoking.
All the time there was a shadow on the screen.
Is it possible that he had hung himself in the middle of the film?
Yes, he did.
He hung in front of the window through which we were projecting.
The shadow of his head suddenly appeared on the screen.
What time was it, more or less? It would be...
(Mitsuhiko) In the Emera scene.
When the Emera tries to calm down in Gomera.
(Mitsuhiko) The shadow appeared when a close-up of the Emera was showing.
Wow, you guys again.
This scene is before the break.
(Ide) -So, it must have been.... (Ide) - 12:44.
If the projection started at the scheduled time, it was 12:44.
Gee, that's accurate.
He's a fan of scary movies.
Inspector Megure! Oh, Chiba.
Did you find out anything?
According to the lady at the box office,
at the time the death has been fixed,
except for the children, there were only these 4 people.
Can we trust them?
Yes.
Since the screening started, there has been the entrance
talking to a person from the neighborhood.
All right, gentlemen, if this were a murder,
the suspects would be narrowed down to just the four of you.
You mean it wasn't a suicide?
It's impossible for someone like us to have taken that hunk of a man
and hanged her.
Only I could have done it, but I was in the projection booth.
Oi, Yuri?
Yes.
I had just brought him food and made him tea.
Mr. Furuhashi was in the booth.
And you, where were you at that time?
In our seats, watching the movie.
You could have done it between the two of you, hiding in the dark, couldn't you?
But what are you saying?
This is impossible.
I have an alibi.
Look.
A digital camera?
It's a photograph of the moment when the incident happened?
Well, yes, by chance.
I wanted to have a souvenir of the most shocking scenes.
But he may have taken it after he hung it up.
Look at the photos that come before.
They are taken from the same angle.
It's proof that, when it happened, I was in my seat.
He may have superimposed the shadow of the hanging on a photo taken earlier.
I don't think so.
Let me-la, please.
Let me see...
Here!
The owner and Mitsuhiko are in it!
Ah, this is when Mitsuhiko was coming back from the toilet.
5 or 6 pictures later is just when the shadow comes out.
I'm sitting in my seat.
We had never come here before.
The pictures can't be from another day.
Yes, you are right.
And you, why did you get up in the middle of the film?
The washroom is just on the other side.
It's just that I went to look at the ventilation apparatus in the room.
Ventilation?
Yes.
It was louder than usual.
I was cold too.
That's why I had to go to the bathroom.
And this ventilation device, where is it regulated?
That way.
It goes through the door to the right of the screen.
It's at the end of the corridor, in that room.
I am in charge of regulating the temperature in the room.
It doesn't matter now, the ventilation apparatus.
We have to know if it was a murder or a suicide.
Very well.
Will you join me in the projection booth, where you say they were?
Yes, indeed.
These are the stairs that lead up.
From here, the spectators can not pass.
Where is it, the projector?
This is the anteroom.
The projector is here.
Wow, there are two of them.
Yes.
While one does the projection,
with the other one we rewind the film we've just shown.

It can't be done, with a?
It takes too long to rewind a movie,
and then we would not start the next one at the scheduled time.
The window on the right is for checking that the image looks good,
the other one is for projection.
It has been hung in front of this one, that's why the shadow has been reflected.
Do these windows open?
No.
The glass can not move.
When the shadow was projected on the screen, I was here,
and Yuri was in the other room making tea.
It wasn't us.
So, it must have been a suicide...
I have an idea, Inspector Megure! An idea?
The Emera scene could have been divided into two parts
and projected the first part with this projector
and the second with this one here.
That way, I would have projected the first part without the corpse getting in the way,
and at the moment of changing the projector, the shadow would have appeared.
They could have hung it before it came out.
Interesting, isn't it?
Ha-ha-ha!
It sure is interesting, kid.
There are movie theaters that do it this way,
but they have a sign left where they've put the film together.
Inspector, if you'd like, check the film.
You will see that in this scene there is no sign.
Also, when I brought the food in, I looked into the booth
and only the first projector was working.
Eh?
Really?
What time did you bring the food in?
About 5 minutes before the shadow appeared on the screen?
it would be 12:40.
I thought we could eat it at the next break.
There were a lot of people in the tent,
and when I got back I asked the lady at the ticket office what time it was.
Ask her, if you want to corroborate.
From the time you brought the food until there was the commotion,
you didn't move from here?
I asked for tea, and it was boiling water.
Is it true?
Yes.
With that stove.
It's a bit run down, this room...
They could have changed this broken mirror.
There's dust and the ashtrays don't fit any more cigarette butts...
They're already cleaning?
What a nuisance!
How do you want us to netegéssim, knowing that it was the last day?
Anyway, we'll take the film to inspect it.
As you wish.
What is it, Mitsuhiko?
I've seen it!
What did you see, Mitsuhiko?
That...
That girl!
I saw her wiping her tears in front of the sink mirror!
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
You, who always seek the truth, never stop lying to everyone.
Even this mirror, which reflects everything faithfully...
doesn't show us the truth.
Thank you, Haibara!
(Thinking) I get it!
That's why that scene.
In the next chapter...
The murder case of the last session, part two...

