"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Today, the last day of the cinema."
"But the last session looks to the future."
"His brain of an adult and it's... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"The Agasa gave us some vouchers to go to the movies for free."
"When it came to deciding what we were going to see,
won a triple feature of Gomera movies."
"It was the last day that movie theater was open
and we were the last spectators."
"As we were watching the movie, a shadow appeared on the screen,
a shadow appeared on the screen."
"It was the corpse of Mr. Haruto,
the owner of the real estate company that had forced the theater to close.
"As the investigation was about to conclude that it was a suicide,
Mitsuhiko said..."
What is it, Mitsuhiko?
That girl...
I saw...
I saw her wiping her tears in front of the sink mirror!
The murder case of the last session, part 2
But... What are you saying?
And when was it?
Before the scene of the close-up of the Emera.
What's this?
Didn't you say that between the moment of carrying the food and the commotion you didn't move?
It's because of the contact lenses.
Contact lenses?
I was wearing the wrong one,
and while the water was boiling, I went to the bathroom to get well.
I didn't say it because it was just a moment.
Did she notice that I wasn't there? No.
I was in the cabin, then.
But don't worry.
When the shadow appeared, she was here with me.
Inspector!
Mr. Haruto was heavily in debt because of gambling.
To pay back everything he owed
the money from the sale of the movie theater would not have been enough.
According to the neighbors, the real estate company was already going under.
Wow.
So maybe he had reason to kill himself....
If he wanted to commit suicide, he could have chosen another place.
(Thinking) "Suicide?"
"In the situation he was in
he could have climbed a ladder or hung himself with a rope."
"But he didn't look like the kind of person who wants to kill himself."
"There's something wrong."
"The air conditioning that was going louder than normal....,
"that scene..,
and this girl's strange behavior."
(Mitsuhiko) Oh!
(Mitsuhiko) Doctor!
How did you know we were here?
The inspector called me and I came to look for you.
What about Conan, Ayumi and Ai?
They're in the washroom right now, Doctor.
(Think) "The washroom is on the left side of the screen."
"Down the stairs from the projection booth,
you have to go straight ahead."
"I don't understand. Why did you have to go down?"
"Why?"
(Haibara) Wow!
It makes you so much, doesn't it?
Every morning, when I look at myself, I feel a shiver.
Then I wonder who I am.
You fool!
It was because of the poison you prepared!
I know that.
And that's why I regret it.
You, who always look for the truth, never stop lying to everyone.
Even this mirror, which reflects everything faithfully,
doesn't show us the truth.
Thank you, Haibara!
(Someone flushes the toilet)
What were you doing in Conan, the ladies' room?
(He thinks) "I get it! It was that!"
"That's why, that scene!"
"If my deduction is correct, there..."
Eh?
Hey, kid!
Listen up!
(thinks) "I've got it!"
"The ash and the cigarette butts!"
"And the footprint on the front seat."
"The thing is clear."
"I know who the murderer is. I know who killed Mr. Haruto.
He has taken perfect advantage of the lights and shadows in the room."
(Agasa) You know who the murderer is?
Ah!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
He doesn't know what he's saying, this little boy.
Really, Shinichi? Yes.

With a trick of light and shadow, he's got the alibi.
But I've just arrived.
You don't want me to play the role of the investigating detective.
If we get them to ask us questions, we can tell them.
You must...
(whispers)
Conan always goes his own way and leaves us out!
-Have you gone forward again?
-Always steps of friends?
Do not lose heart, guys.
I have reserved for you an important role in this whole story.
(All) Oysters!
Inspector!
Yes?
According to the real estate workers,
Mr. Haruto has been very nervous lately.
Today, before he came here, he had a fight with the bank.
So, he had a fight?
That's right.
He asked them for a loan
because he lacked a million to buy the cinema.
So, even though it wasn't sold?
Yes, it was.
The contract and the transfer of the money had to be done tomorrow.
I'm sure he wanted to raise some objection.
What a scoundrel!
Well, well, well...
In addition to his company's financial problems,
this operation was about to go bankrupt because of money.
He couldn't stand it and committed suicide.
This seems quite logical, Inspector.
So... Can I go?
It's just that I'm meeting and...
Let it go.
It was suicide.
Very well, then.
If necessary, we'll call you.
What's this?
-What's this? -What is it? -What's wrong?
Who turned off the light?
It was me!
It was me! Ah, doctor!
Hey, what are you doing, in the cabin?
Well, it's clear, isn't it?
I'll demonstrate the trick that the murderer has used.
-The murderer?
-He used a trick?
The murderer strangled her, taking advantage of the darkness of the room,
(Agasa voice) and, to prove his innocence,
has invented an alibi with this projector.
Mr. Furuhashi, I have discovered your set-up!
The murderer has strangled Haruto by taking advantage of the darkness of the room. (Agasa voice)
Mr. Furuhashi, I have discovered your set-up!
Wait a moment, wait a moment!
When Mr. Haruto hung up, Mr. Furuhashi was with me.
How could you know, you, if he wasn't here?
These guys have explained to me what happened. (Agasa voice)
Oi, Conan?
Yes!
They told you that when Haruto was hanged.
Mr. Furuhashi was in the cabin with me?
Well, it went like that, didn't it?
Ah!
It's Genta's head!
Look at it!
What's the catch?
This is nonsense.
This little boy has hung himself on a rope and that's it.
No, not exactly.
He's been hanging for a long time!
-Right? -Yes, he has.
Hey, hey, don't tell lies.
If he'd been hung from the beginning,
we would have noticed it a long time ago.
You didn't see it because the window was covered with a book (Agasa voice), which intercepted the light coming out of the cabin.
which intercepted the light coming out of the cabin.
So, even if the corpse was hanging, it is impossible to notice it.
You are right, Dr. Agasa.
But according to the testimonies of those involved, the corpse was moving.
And a corpse can't move by itself.
That's right.
Genta, Mitsuhiko, Ayumi, please!
Come in! (Agasa voice)
(Agasa voice) Eh?
Eh! (Agasa voice)
Between all 3 of you, you must weigh about the same as an adult, right?
But... (Agasa voice) What are you getting at?
Come on, Haibara, now!
All right, all right.
I'll turn it on.
(All) Oooooh! The ventilation!
The room is a large enclosed space. (Agasa voice)
If you regulate the strength and direction of the ventilation,
the air can make a corpse sway.
True, the air was stronger than usual, landlord?
Yes, exactly.
Ha-ha-ha...
I've already understood that we didn't notice that there was a corpse hanging,
but aren't you forgetting something important?
The projection was made through the window where these kids are hanging.
If it had been from the beginning, the shadow would have been seen,
and if the window had been covered, the projection would not have been made.
How would the film have passed?
(Agasa voice) Well, like this!
See, like this...
and like this.
It can't be!
How did you do it?
(Agasa's voice) Well, like this!
What are you doing?
I do not understand!
He must have cut the film and has been alternating the projectors.
What did he think?
Then we have to turn it back, this film.
Why didn't he ask us for permission before damaging it?

Only this projector is in operation!
There is no film in this one!
What do you intend to do with it?
How did you do it?
If you look at what is in front of the projector you will understand.
What is this?
What is this?
A mirror!
It's a piece of mirror I found in the next room.
Just by turning it a little bit it reflects the image...
to another mirror placed at the other window,
which in turn also reflects the image,
so that it allows to avoid the corpse and to make the projection.
Thus, it is possible to change the window through which the projection is made without having to cut the film.
without having to cut the film.
If the mirror is placed in this position here,
you can't see it from the door because it is covered by the other projector.
The evidence is that the cigarette butts
that he smoked in Haruto during the film
are next to the seat under the other window.
He always sat under the window through which the projection was being made
to get in the way of the smoke, right?
Is it true, Furuhashi?
In short, the steps you have taken, Furuhashi, are these: (Agasa voice)
first, you sent Yuri to buy
because there was no one in the bar and it was easier for him to move;
when the projection started,
she went to regulate the strength and direction of the ventilation.
With the help of the mirrors,
he left the projection running through the other window.
Then he entered the room and strangled Mr. Haruto.
Then he hung it up in front of the covered window
and he had everything ready.
(Agasa voice) "Then he went back to the cabin and waited for Yuri to return to uncover the window.
the Yuri to uncover the window, take the mirror out of the projector
and make the shadow of the hanging corpse show on the screen."
"It was thought that if it was seen when Yuri was here,
he would have a perfect alibi."
I went to buy the food because I had forgotten to buy it.
(Agasa voice) If he hadn't forgotten,
Mr. Furuhashi would have sent her to buy tea or something else.
Besides, since Mr. Furuhashi knew that the landlord was coming today
and didn't want anyone to suspect him either,
he decided to commit a spectacular crime and hang the corpse.
But... but... isn't all this just your imagination?
If you don't believe it, look at Mr. Ide's photographs.
Especially the one of the scene where the corpse was found.
It is out of focus!
That's right.
The weak point of this trick is that, when the mirror is removed,
the distance from the projector to the screen changes,
and the image is blurred.
With today's projectors this is solved by changing the lens,
but, of course, it takes time to change the lens and the image is blurred.
Mr. Furuhashi was not able to focus the image properly until the lights were open.
until the lights in the room opened up.
But when you photograph something moving, it is always blurry.
Even if the image moves, the screen is still.
(Agasa voice) The seats look good, don't they?
By the way, when the shadow appeared and we looked out the window, I touched the projector,
I touched the projector.
It moved, and that's why...
And why did you go to the washroom to put on your contact lenses?
(Agasa voice) How come, while I was boiling the water for the tea?
did you get out and go to the sink?
Because...
Because you can't find the mirror in the room, can you?
Thank you for being so concerned about me, Yuri.
Mr. Furuhashi...
So, Furuhashi... it was you, who...?
Yes.
I'm sorry I messed everything up.
But how could you have done something so awful?
I thought you wanted this cinema too.
And now I see that I don't.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
And so much, I do.
It had crossed my mind, but I had been.
Today, however, I couldn't do it anymore.
In fact, I loved looking at the room from this window.
It is a privileged place
to observe one by one the reactions of the spectators.
But, because of that guy, we have been losing spectators.
Last Sunday, there was only him.
That's why I hung him in front of this window,
so that he would know what the world looked like from up here.
So that he could see this desolate landscape he has left us.
Now that he is dead, I don't know if he has seen much.
The rest will be explained to me at the police station.
I am very sorry, Mr. Muramatsu.

Because of me, the good name of this cinema has been sullied.
In any case, perhaps the destiny was already written.
Before this man came along,
we had already begun to lose viewers.
Small cinemas like this one, which can't program new releases,
are doomed to close.
Now that video and television are already in every home,
trying to sell dreams to the cinema is perhaps old-fashioned.
(Ayumi) No, that's not true!
I like movies very much!
The screen is much bigger than the TV screen!
It is a space to dream and to share emotions!
With the darkness and the sound, it's like you're in the one you see!
-It's very exciting, isn't it? -Of course!
And you can stay a long time without the mother scolding you!
-Dr. Agasa... -Yes?
If you know how to handle the projector, pass a movie.
At least, let these young viewers...
have a good memory and keep going to the movies.
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
And a screening of Gomera began for the 5 of us.
-Hey, Gomera!
But where are you looking? -Behind, behind!
Run away!
Hurry up!
We couldn't have had better spectators, at the last session.
No, we couldn't.
It's not the last.
I've decided I won't sell it.
I had completely forgotten
of the wonderful charm of discovering that sensation that is cinema.
This emotion, this spontaneous applause that fills the room...
Even if I die, I will live on
as long as the laughter of these children resounds in the cinema.
(Think) However, they are a bit too much.
A thief!
I must call the police!
Miss!
Call the police!
Ayumi's life is in danger!
(Think) I hope nothing happened to you!
In the next chapter...
Ayumi's distress message

