"Alibis, riddles, deals, the organization of the men in black."
"Before the wedding some surprising events happen."
"Lovers are very close."
"His brain of an adult and it is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"While we were showing Tokyo to Heiji and the Kazuha,
who had come to attend a wedding,
we found in Shigematsu, butler of the Morizono, the wedding party."
"In Shigematsu invited us to the Morizono mansion."
"That night, in Shigematsu he was killed in a locked room.
The Kazuha discovered a common ground between two of the suspects."
The wedding eve murder case, part two.
That you haven't found the murder weapon?
No.
We've searched everywhere, but it hasn't turned up, Inspector.
No way!
It must be near here!
Keep looking!
We must find the gun that killed the butler!
And not only the gun, inspector:
we'll also have to find the murderer's clothes,
which must be very dirty with blood.
Look at the wound.
He has lost a lot of blood.
When he pulled the gun out, the killer must have splashed himself.
Yes, you're right. But it could have been a burglar.
Maybe he broke in and fled with the murder weapon.
-No, impossible, Mr. Mouri! -Aaaah!
The security measures of this mansion are exceptional.
Since the incident, only policemen and journalists have been able to enter.
Moreover, the doors and windows were completely closed.
It was definitely a murder in a locked room.
Someone entering by chance would not have been able to do it.
In short, the murderer must be someone who does not have an alibi.
It must be one of the five. By the way, you've already questioned them, haven't you?
Oh, yes, I have.
Mr. Morizono was in the room waiting at Shigematsu.
The Yurie, the daughter, says she was taking a bath.
In Kikuhito he says he was in his room listening to music.
The servant, in Sakuraba, was looking for the cat around the mansion.
The strangest is the one at Kaede:
Has gone to sleep while waiting for her parents to come.
What's so strange?
Yurie went to tell her if she wanted to take a bath,
but the Kaede didn't answer.
How come that glass is broken?
It is that after finding the victim,
Sakuraba got angry because of something he said in Kikuhito,
and he got punched by a punch that made him crash into the glass.
Inspector Megure, come here for a moment, please.
What's up, here?
Look at this here. See, what's the matter?
There's blood under this latch.
Yes, it looks like someone closed it with a bloody glove.
Of course, after the crime
the murderer has opened and closed this window.
But why?
If it's locked tight on the inside...
Hey, Hattori!
Look at this glass!
There's a hole!
Isn't it funny?
Eh?
How can it be?
It wasn't there before it broke!
Maybe you didn't notice it.
From the place where it is, it seems that the hole was where the latch is.
So, there must be another one.
In must be on this balcony.
Inspector, do you have a moment, please?
Yes, tell me.
You plan to leave him like this all night, in Shigematsu?
Before he was the butler, he was a good friend of ours.
I would like to remove the remains so that I can donal's there burial
and bury them next to my wife's grave.
That is what she would have wanted.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to do the autopsy first.
Ah... That's too bad.
Good night.
So, then, what my mother told me was true.
What did she say?
When Morizono's wife died,
she told me that the woman was in love with Shigematsu.
(Boy) "She often came to this house to see Shigematsu,

but Mr. Morizono thought he was coming for him."
And he asked her to marry him.
Mr. Morizono's wife confessed to my mother
that she thought a lot, ended up giving in and got married.
The woman and the butler... Doesn't that ring a bell?
Ah!
It's a similar case to the two wearing the same pendant, isn't it?
By the way, Hattori, did you find what we were looking for?
No, I haven't found it anywhere.
The murderer must have jumped off the balcony and taken it with him.
We should check the balcony next door.
You're sure about that?
Why? To see if it's possible to jump down.
To see if it's possible to jump all the way down without opening your head.
And who will do it?
Only you can do that, Hattori.
Kudo, make sure the rope doesn't come undone, okay?
Yes, understood.
What, Hattori, how do you see it?
It's easier than I thought.
So, the murderer may have jumped off the balcony.
What is it, that?
There's something in that tree!
Eh?
Where is it?
In the tree across from the victim's room.
What the hell are you doing?
Aaah!
Kudo, hold on!
I'll be right up!
Ran!
Look!
Isn't that Conan, that one?
Wow!
He came... watch out, man.
Hey, you!
What are you doing?
Help him, don't let him fall.
Help him?
I, no... no...
Aah!
Phew, lucky you.
What's going on here?
This little guy was about to fall.
Why didn't you help her, if you're next to her, asshole?!
Hold on!
This is impossible.
Since Kikuhito's been suffering from vertigo ever since he was a little boy.
Ah, yes, it's true.
In Shigematsu he also said it.
Hattori, what matters is that.
You're right.
Let's go see it.
Let's go.
(Kazuha) What are you doing, now, climbing the tree?
Don't hurt yourself!
It's over there!
A bloody shirt?
And inside, bloody gloves.
And a knife!
On the end of the string there is adhesive tape.
The murderer has read the montage of the locked room.
Case solved! Case solved!
But it's not clear to me.
There are still some loose ends, don't you get that feeling?
-It starts to rain.
-There's a storm brewing.
Hey, it's raining!
Let's hide!
Hide?
Hey, wait a minute!
Surely... That window.
Well, well...
Surely behind the window...
The missing gun, the trail of the victim's blood,
the unlit light in the next room,
the cat in the murder room
and this evidence wrapped with a string...
It all ties together perfectly, Kudo.
Now we know for sure who the murderer is.
But how are we going to do it?
We have no evidence to prove it.
All that's left is for him to...
...to find out himself.
Kazuha, have everyone wait for us in the murder room.
Why should we?
Ran, tell the inspector to come here, okay?
In Heiji will explain something you'll like.
Won't you?
Yes.
But what's the matter?
Why are we meeting here again?
Good evening.
Hey, why did you bring us here?
Maybe they want to have a police deduction contest.
(Heiji) That's right.
We've found out how the locked room was set up
and who the murderer is.
The murderer locked the room and then managed to escape.
It was you, Sakuraba!
It can't be that Sakuraba is....
(Yurie) -How can it be?
-I can't believe it...
Hey, can you explain, the murder in the locked room?
Oh, so much!
You have to drill the glass of the victim's back window.
Drill a hole like this. A hole?
We have to send it to the lab for analysis immediately.
Then you do this.
Make a loop at the head of the string and secure it with tape.
After that, tie the string to the latch
and the other end is passed through the hole we have made in the glass.
Then go out to the balcony and close the window from the outside.
Then just pull the string carefully.
And it closes!
Then, pulling harder,
undoes the tape at the head of the cord and pulls it out of the glass.
This way, the room is closed.
But if the police inspect the glass, they discover that....
That is why in Sakuraba has hit in Kikuhito.

It was thought that by breaking the glass we would not discover the trick.
But he has stuck it because in Kikuhito he has done it outraged.
It does not matter, why he has done it.
It should have taken any excuse to break it.
But the glass has not broken well and the hole was seen.
But, to conclude that the murderer is in Sakuraba just because of that?
We thought a little.
The murderer has jumped from the balcony.
You, who is not well in the leg, would not have done it.
Kaede and Yurie wouldn't have either.
Kikuhito, who is afraid of heights, wouldn't have done it either.
The only thing left is on Sakuraba,
who stretches out into the trees to fetch the cat.
Am I right, Sakuraba?
In short, that you have killed in Shigematsu.
(Heiji) "You closed the window as we explained and jumped out.
Then, you came here as if you didn't know anything."
What?
How do you see it?
Am I wrong, Sakuraba?
It wasn't me!
I didn't... I didn't murder him!
Sakuraba is not the murderer!
It was me!
When... when that scream was felt,
in Sakuraba he had been with me for a while.
We were together!
Really, young lady? Yes...
We were looking for the cat all over the house...
And why didn't you tell us before? It's because...
Because no one suspected anything about your relationship.
Relationship?
They both wear the same pendant.
This proves there's something.
Well, well... So they're lovers.
They died in Shigematsu
because you proposed to Mr. Morizono that they get married, right?
It wasn't me!
Well, you'll testify at the police station.
Wait a minute!
We were together at the time!
What people who are closely related to the suspect say
is of little use...
No... it can't be.
Come on, emporteu's-el!
Yes.
It wasn't me!
You must believe me!
I didn't... do it!
Sakuraba!
Sakuraba!
Here, dry your tears.
I will always wait for you, my love.
I'm willing to wait for you until you forget him completely.
That Sakuraba has killed in Shigematsu seems to me a...
I can't believe it.
As much as you don't believe it, it's the truth.
The murderer of poor Shigematsu...
is none other than this heartless man.
Heiji...
If only we'd found the murder weapon..,
he would have had to confess everything.
Still haven't found the murder weapon?
For today, we'll leave it here.
We'll continue the investigation tomorrow, Mr. Mikio.
Well, we should also start to move on.
Hey!
It's really late.
Why don't we sleep over here?
"Sakuraba"
(Heiji) Wow, so you've been...
Kikuhito.
You've left the false evidence
to put the blame on Sakuraba,
but you didn't deceive us.
But... what are you saying?
With the vertigo I have, it's impossible...
That assembly was a fake.
At the latch there was a stain made by a bloody glove...
and, on the other hand, there was no blood on the balcony.
If the murderer was wearing gloves,
he wouldn't have stopped to take them off to jump from the balcony.
Well... How did I do it, to get out of the room and close it?
Well, no way.
Eh?
You never left the room, Kikuhito.
You must have been hiding in the next room,
behind the curtain of the left window.
That's why one of the shutters was closed,
so that from the outside you couldn't see that you were hiding there.
First, you made the hole in the glass
and you prepared the string with the zeal.
You made Shigematsu come into the room and killed her.
You splashed blood on a shirt of Sakuraba that you had stolen.
(Off) "You have dragged the corpse to the next room,
wrapped up the gloves and the gun with the shirt,
and threw it out the window.
"You saw us leaving.
(Heiji) "You broke the glass to make us come up and hid.
(Heiji) "We forced the door...
and, inside the room, we noticed the trail of blood.
"We followed it and found the corpse.
"Then you came out from behind the curtain.
"Between the fact that everything was dark and we were staring at the corpse in amazement,
you could have been confused between all of us.
You took the cat into the room so that we would suspect Sakuraba."
If the cat hadn't been, they wouldn't have made him go looking.

But this could have been done by anyone.
No, only you could have done it!
This wrapping the evidence with a string has given you away.
Murderers don't usually throw evidence out the window.
But you, who are terrified of heights,
you only had the option of throwing it all over the forest.
You were also interested in Sakuraba to be beaten by him
to break the glass where the hole was,
because it seemed that he wanted to hide evidence.
But what do you say?
I just came here to help you.
Look, I just found the bag in Sakuraba!
You fool!
Take a good look!
This bag is not Sakuraba's!
It's mine!
And besides, Sakuraba's room is next door.
All of it, this room, the bag, the evidence of the tree,
Sakuraba's arrest....,
was a trap that we set up with the inspector,
because it relaxes you and you end up giving yourself away!
He was asking for it.
He threatened me that if I didn't call off the wedding,
I was telling the father about the irregularities of the company.
He was the one who made the wedding proposal!
I don't understand...
Anyway, he would have blackmailed me all my life.
Since he took my promise, I made him pay for it.
In Shigematsu he didn't take anything from you.
The Kaede came to see in Sakuraba and not you.
In Shigematsu she misinterpreted it.
Just as it happened with your father.
She didn't tell me anything, ever!
I'm sure he didn't say anything to you so as not to hurt you.
Besides, he proposed that you two get married.
(Off) "In Shigematsu did not want to blackmail you.
"He wanted you to put the wedding out of your mind
and that in Sakuraba and Kaede were together."
In fact, they were together as he found himself years ago.
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Heiji) Thank you for everything, Mouri.
It goes for what you did for us when we came to Osaka.
Now what, showing up unannounced and messing with us...
To make a fool of an enemy...
Listen.
What about the Kaede and Sakuraba?
Have you seen them?
Yes, I've already apologized to them for accusing them.
Geez, it's late already, Kazuha.
(Kazuha) No, Ran, please!
I'm dying of shame!
What are you coming out with now? Aah!
Wow, Kazuha, are you wearing stripes too?
No... This is Ran's!
He didn't stop until I put it on.
-I'm going to change! -Wait a minute! -I don't care.
I don't care, we look alike.
In fact, so... we look like...
So we look like what?
So we look like brothers!
(Think) More than brothers, a couple of comedians, they look like.
It's death.
In the next chapter...
Some suspicious astronomical observations
The clue to the next Conan is... The photo of a star!
In the next one there will be a star shower.
Sort that I carry an umbrella!

