"He's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Tonight we will look at the stars
and we'll destroy alibis like meteorites."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
Some suspicious astronomical observations
Hoshibiyama astrological observatory
Oh!
The crown of Mars is visible! Hey, Ran!
Hey, Ran!
Let me look!
Ah, sorry, sorry.
Look at this.
Wow!
It's true!
You can't see shooting stars.
And I want to make a wish.
Sonoko, you're just hoping to see shooting stars.
Why don't you look through the telescope?
Because I don't!
When I see a shooting star, I'll wish for you to help me find a handsome boyfriend.
So, why did you buy such a good telescope?
If we came to look at stars, it would have been strange to come without a telescope.
Another day you can't bring it.
(At the same time) A shooting star!
Eh?
Where?
Where?
It's already happened, Sonoko.
Why were you distracting me?
Now I haven't seen it!
Bad friend.
Ran!
How are we doing?
What, is it going well, the telescope?
Ah, Eda.
Yes, thanks.
It's going great.
Who is it?
It's Eda.
He's a doctoral student at the University of Tokyo.
While you were sleeping, he taught us how to operate the telescope.
(Boy) Hey, Eda!
Hey, hello!
You have time to tie up and everything.
What are you talking about!
I don't tie up.
Look at this... look at this.
This is Koichi Nonaka, who's doing his doctorate with me.
And Hiroshi Akimoto, who's studying with us.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Ran Mouri.
This is Conan and this is...
I'm Sonoko Suzuki.
Nice to meet you.
I really like today, the stars... Ah!
Now I'm falling for it!
Nonaka, you were on TV yesterday, weren't you?
I don't know about a prize...
Yes, the Nubelo Prize for astronomy, it's the Space Pioneer Award.
I'm the youngest person to whom it has been awarded.
(Thinking) He doesn't have a grandmother, does he?
Eh?
What's wrong with him, the other one?
Nonaka, how are the photographs coming along?
Is it going well?
It's fine.
We got sleepy and came to make coffee.
Where did you take the pictures from?
From that TV repeater.
Gee, that's pretty far.
By car, it only takes a couple of minutes.
We left the cameras there and came for coffee.
Since I've been rewarded, he bought the same camera as me.
I used it for the first time yesterday, but it's much better than the one I had before.
Did you all arrive yesterday morning?
No, I went a day early to get everything ready.
-Akimoto, we should go tirant. -Yes.
Good luck to you!
Ah!
Between 2/4 of 12 and 12 o'clock look south.
You'll see an artificial satellite passing by.
You're serious?
Yes.
I think it will look very good.
Apa, bye!
-Wow, you want to flirt too?
-What are you talking about!
As you know, the Akimoto.
I had no idea, you'd see the satellite today.
Hey, hey, Ran.
Which one do you like best? Here we are, Sonoko?
(Think) What did you come to watch, this one?
Geez, my neck hurts.
It hasn't happened yet, has it, the satellite?
Ah, Akimoto!
Hello.
Have you seen the satellite yet?
No, we haven't seen it.
What is it, you're back?
The photography I do goes from 9 pm to 3 am.
Can you leave the camera?
Yes.
The photographs we take are called still photographs.
It is enough to leave the shutter open for a while.
While the pictures are being taken, you don't have to be there all the time.
Ah!
The stars come out as if they were lines of light, don't they?
For such a little guy, you do understand.
And Nonaka, he didn't come?
He stayed at the repeater because he's going to take two pictures:

one between 9 and 12 o'clock, and one between 12 and 3 o'clock.
At 12 o'clock you have to move the camera.
Why don't we take a look through the telescope to see what he's doing?
He must be half asleep.
You can't see very well.
You can see there's someone straight ahead, but...
That's funny.
He's looking this way, too.
See? He's yawning.
He's yawning.
Hey!?
Oooooh!
-He's... he's down! -Akimoto!
-Eda, mobile doors?
-Yes!
I'm on my way.
Call the police and come!
Conan!
Where are you going?
Akimoto!
Nonaka!
You're too late.
Nonaka...
(Thinking) "Wow, it was here."
"The railing is low, and with the dew, the floor is slippery."
"Was it an accident?"
"What's this?"
"Lint? What's it doing here?"
"This scratch is still fresh."
"Besides, it makes a very strange shape..."
"The shutter of the two cameras is on."
"Therefore, they are on."
Conan!
What are you doing, hanging around here all alone?
Akimoto, these cameras are yours and Nonaka's, right?
Yes.
That's Nonaka's and this is mine.
We can stop them now.
2:30 in the morning.
End of session.
(Trigger goes I think)
2/4 of one.
End of the session.
This was Nonaka's last picture.
Ready, inspector.
Roger that.
Did you all see Nonaka falling from up there?
(All) Yes.
I was watching him through the telescope.
He lost his balance when he was leaning on the railing and fell.
Can you tell me the exact time he fell?
It would be about a quarter of one.
As I wanted to see the double star, I was looking at the clock.
It seems to me that in Nonaka it was more to the right when it fell.
You mean you're not confused?
It was very dark.
Well, maybe I am...
These are the photographs that Mr. Nonaka took.
This one was taken between 9 and 12 o'clock,
and this one was taken between 12 and 2/4 of one.
We have confirmed that they were taken from the repeater.
Mr. Akimoto, you stopped the camera at 2/4 of one, is that right?
Yes, yes, that's right.
According to these photographs,
at about 12:00 midnight at Nonaka you manipulated the camera
to start the second photograph.
Towards there a quarter of one has slipped with the wet ground and fell.
No footprints or signs that it had gone to another person were found,
therefore, it is an unfortunate accident.
(He thinks) "You're wrong. It was not a simple accident."
"The Akimoto is not telling the truth."
Do you want to know if the Akimoto and Nonaka were friends?
Earlier, when we talked about the Space Pioneer Award,
it seemed to me that Akimoto was a little angry.
Oh, yes, he was.
It's because of Nonaka.
In fact, the award-winning research was done by the two of them,
but Nonaka submitted it by putting only his name on it.
If he had done it to me, I wouldn't make remarks with him!
Neither would I, don't you think.
But the one who insisted on coming was Akimoto.
He assured us that the prize would be given to him.
What have you lost, Conan?
Ah, nothing of importance, just a button on the jacket.
(Think) "When in Nonaka has fallen, the Akimoto was with us."
"How can he be the murderer?"
"No! One moment!"
"We have seen a shadow fall!"
"We can't be sure it was in Nonaka."
"It was a lump in the shape of a person. It could have been a dummy."
"No. When we got here, there was none, of a doll."
"The Akimoto got here first,
but when we got here, he hadn't gotten out of the car."
"It's impossible for him to have hidden the dummy."
"Besides, since Nonaka has fallen, the Akimoto has been accompanied."
(Eda) Oysters!
What's wrong, Eda?
I lost my car keys.
Ah, they're here!
Things, the closer you get, the less you see them.
(Thinking) "Wow!"
"I know where I was!"
Thanks, Eda!
(Thinks) "So it can be!"
"But I don't have any proof."
"Besides, those two photos..."
"I'm sure there's some kind of set-up."
(Sonoko) I can't take it anymore.
There's been a death, and on top of that, I haven't seen any shooting stars.
(Thinking) I've got it!

The definitive clue!
Thank you for your patience and cooperation.
It is clear that it was an accident.
Ah, I'm dead asleep...
Hey, Sonoko!
What's wrong, Sonoko?
Are you all right?
(Sonoko voice) Don't be afraid, Conan.
Inspector, listen to me, please!
(Sonoko) What's wrong?
In Nonaka has not died of accident.
Hiroshi Akimoto has killed her! (Sonoko voice)
At 2/4 of 12, when they have returned to the repeater,
after having coffee with us,
the Akimoto has thrown in Nonaka breakdown.
(Sonoko voice) "Because we did not see it,
he told us to look at the other side of the repeater,
that we would see an artificial satellite pass by."
But didn't you see the moment it fell?
It was not Nonaka, but a dummy!
A dummy?
That's right.
The Akimoto has put a dummy a little further from where it fell, (Sonoko voice)
and attached it to the railing with a strong thread.
Thus, to the railing there was a freshly made scratch.
(Sonoko voice) "Then, at a quarter of one,
a timer tightened the thread and made it fall."
"The Akimoto has made us witness it.
and as he was with us, he has set up a perfect alibi."
But what t'empatolles, Sonoko?
When he arrived at the repeater, there was no dummy, was there?
Where did you get it?
Yes, there was: under your car!
As you arrived before us at the repeater,
you stopped the car on top of the dummy so we wouldn't see it.
(Sonoko voice) "While we were looking at the corpse, you put the dummy in the car,
you put the dummy in the trunk."
"You made it out of a pumpkin-colored blanket rolled up with twine."
These are just your deductions.
It is true that we have used a pumpkin-colored blanket,
but it was to protect us from the cold.
You were the first to arrive at the repeater,
but the last to approach Nonaka.
Nonaka!
What have you been doing all this time?
Sonoko, what counts is that the second photograph of Nonaka
shows that he was still alive at 12 o'clock.
Without anyone, the camera would not have taken the second picture.
Therefore, it is impossible for me,
who has been with you since 11:50,
touched the camera and killed Nonaka.
If you accuse me of murder, at least have proof, Sonoko.
Inspector Yamada, we have it.
The photographs you asked for of Mr. Akimoto.
The photos of Mr. Akimoto?
I told Conan to ask for them.
These photos are the proof!
What-what are you saying, woman?
Please put aside the photos
taken by Akimoto and Nonaka between 9 and 12 o'clock.
Understood.
This is Mr. Akimoto's.
What is it, this line? A shooting star.
(Sonoko voice) To the north, toward the direction of the repeater,
a shooting star was seen.
Yes, it was seen.
In principle, at the same time.
Both should have photographed the same patch of sky.
However, while the Akimoto's camera photographed it, Nonaka's camera did not,
Nonaka's did not.
Nonaka's photographs were not taken today!
So, even though it has been on the rooftop since 11:50,
your alibi disappears, Mr. Akimoto.
(Sonoko voice) That's right.
You did the following:
because the conditions under which you took the photos
were the same as those at Nonaka,
yesterday you took these two photos with a camera like his.
Besides, you are the only one who knew the schedule I wanted to make in Nonaka.
(Sonoko voice) "After shooting at Nonaka,
you prepared the dummy, took out the roller from his camera
and put the one with yesterday's pictures on it."
But this setup had a weak point:
the noise... of the shutter release!
The noise of the shutter release?
After changing the film,
I couldn't leave the shutter release button running, i.e. taking pictures.
If not, today's photographs would have overlapped yesterday's ones
and I would have discovered the set-up.
I had to leave the shutter release stopped.
When he stopped the shutter release, at half past twelve, someone realized that he was not taking pictures,
did anyone notice that he didn't make any noise?
The Akimoto would have thought that we would be watching the victim
and that no one would notice this detail.
But Conan did notice.
When he stopped it, the trigger did not make any noise.

He tried to disguise it by making a little noise with his mouth.
This meant that Nonaka's camera was not on.
At 2/4 of one, he said he turned the camera off,
and the photos of the splinters up to 2/4 of one were perfectly visible.
It was strange....
That, despite not being turned on, the Hagit camera took the photos. (Sonoko voice)
This proves that someone has changed the reel.
And the only one who could have done it is you, Akimoto!
Since when did you suspect me?
When Nonaka has fallen,
you told Eda to call the police urgently.
Normally the ambulance is called.
You told him to call the police because you knew he was dead!
Wow, you don't miss a thing.
Caram, Akimoto, like that, you didn't forgive Nonaka, did you?
My dream was to win the Space Pioneer Award.
I didn't mind if it was given to both of us for joint research.
What I didn't forgive him was that he single-handedly took all the honors.
Since 11 o'clock, all I had in my head was that I had to kill.
I didn't see the shooting star go by.
The star that gave me away.
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Aaaaaaaah... How sleepy!
Wow!
You made a brilliant deduction yesterday!
What?
Are we already in tomorrow?
So we are.
Aah!
Wow, what a mess!
I wanted to see another shooting star!
My prince charming has run away!
He's fugiiiiiiit!
(Think) I'd better run away too.
(Thinks) "It's just like the plot of that novel!"
"The ghost novel that father wrote!"
In the next chapter...
The North Star express number 3, part 1.
The clue to the next Conan is... The B stretcher!
In the next episode...
(Voices) You'll see how much fun it is to ride the train!

