"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"The express spurred on by the sound of the starting bell."
"The truth comes out in the end."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The North Star Express Number 3, Part 1
(Female) "Dear Mr. Mouri."
"Greetings also to you, Ran and Conan, all right?"
"As promised, I have finally been able to get some tickets.
because it travels to the North Star....
"In Takeshi and I are waiting for the day when you all come together for a visit."
"Well, when it comes we'll talk."
"Enjoy the trip on a luxury express. Natsue hatamoto."
That's all.
The Natsue is that girl from that luxury cruise case, right?
Yes.
They left hatamoto cales
and went to live on a farm in Hokkaido.
I miss them...
We haven't seen them since that crime.
If we are traveling in a luxury compartment of the North Star,
it's thanks to yours truly.
You have the Sleeping Kogoro, who solves all the cases, to thank for that.
Yes, yes, we are very grateful to you.
That's the way I like it, that you understand!
(Thinking) That's the seventh time he's said that.
Father, I'm a little hungry.
It is understandable.
Natsue wanted to fix us something for dinner.
But we'll stop by the dining car.
I understand that the dining car is amazing!
Oh!
No thunder!
Where the hell are your eyes, asshole?!
Aaaah... Ah...
Os... you're...
What was that?
I don't know...
Au, let's eat, let's eat!
They have a lot of French cuisine menus!
Yes?
To be able to eat French cuisine on a train, it's like a dream!
(Kogoro) Of course!
Shit, this was in Kogoro Mouri!
We hadn't talked about that!
(Kogoro) Oh!
I've had it.
It was great, wasn't it?
The food was delicious and the compartment was fabulous.
(Man) What do you mean, that mousetrap?!
I told you to book a deluxe compartment!
Sir, even if you had told me a week in advance,
the North Star Express is a very busy train.
To have one of the compartments can be considered fortunate.
I am a man of distinction,
it is inconceivable that I would travel in the same class as you.
The woman, not to be seen, has closed.
That's why I was telling her to have a plane.
Shut up!
I wanted to attend the auction tomorrow!
Excuse me...
Have we met again?
You'll say so on TV.
A thief entered the jewelry store and the owner was confronted.
Ah, I got it!
You chased the robber out alone.
Is it true that this happened?
Yes, it was the day you were camping.
It's no big deal.
I just gave him a bellow, set off the alarm and he ran away.
But people were surprised by your bravery!
For so little?
(Man) But it was good publicity!
Good enough to run for the next election.
What a move!
Mayor Ishitsuchi, what are you doing here?
Going to rest in Hokkaido.
What do you mean, the move?
It's just unfounded rumors.
They said that the heist fuss was a set-up
to attract popularity in the run-up to the mayoral election.
But as they say: if smoke comes out, it means that it is on fire.
Please, mayor...
But to the security cameras of the establishment,
a professional robber appeared.
It is absurd, wanting to see a stratagem.
That's why it is suspicious.
That the criminal did not prepare the hit
and that he fled at the sound of the alarm without taking anything is inconceivable.
But it is no reason to suspect the owner.
That is not all.
The robber said some strange words.
The customers of the jewelry store clearly felt them.
Strange words?

Exactly.
Before fleeing, the mugger, jaded, said to them....
"This wasn't the deal."
Hey, is this true?
Uh, yes...
I felt the robber whisper these words too.
Ran, we've already had a case very similar to this, right?
Let's see, who are you?
What's that?
But, hey, don't you recognize me?
-In fact, I wanted to pass incognito. (Man) -Mr. Kogoro Mouri?
-It's you, right? -Yes, it's me.
What a thrill!
I can't believe I met the famous Kogoro Mouri!
-Will you let me take a picture with you? -Yes, man.
In Kogoro...
Mouri...?
Wow.
Yes, sir.
Chance is scary, isn't it?
You must be Mrs. Akechi, you had a reservation, right?
You can sit down now, please.
I'm sorry, but I have to cancel dinner.
What's that?
Yes... Mrs. Akechi!
The trip will be a lot of fun.
We've already encountered,
with a case of a robbery in which nothing was taken.
No idea.
Hey, don't you watch too many mystery series?
(thinks) "A long time ago, very...
when I was still a kid, I think..."
Look, we just entered the Seikan tunnel!
What's bitten you, now?
Are you still awake?
Come on, it's already 4 o'clock, get into bed at once.
(Thinking) "Shit, I don't remember."
"I've ever found myself
in a case identical to this... somewhere..."
"The din inside the tunnel swallowed the sound of the revolver."
"Huh? What was that?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What was it?
What was it, that scream?
Didn't they hear a strange noise before, you guys?
A gun.
Someone has killed a person with a gun.
Donkey.
We can't know until we see it.
Yes, you're right...
"That man, like a wild beast, ran along the corridor."
(thinks) "Oh! Again. But what is it? It's been a while since..."
Hey, hey, you!
It's the murderer!
A person has died with a gun!
What's that?
What?! (Gunshots) (gunshots)
Ah!
"But, the figure of that man was no longer there..."
Bastard, you won't get away!
Shit, he got away from us!
(Remember) "The wind and the sound of the train played a shrill melody.
"I got it! It was the novel!
"This is identical to the plan that defined the novel."
"That work that father wrote so many years ago..."
"The phantom novel."
With the license of the cell phone he was carrying and the cards,
we know that the victim is Mr. Keitaro Izumo, 56 years old,
and a resident of Furuito City.
He is the owner of a major jewelry store.
Continue.
According to witness statements,
the killer suddenly shot the victim in the back.
This can be seen from a distance.
Tell me which way he fled.
He fled in that direction, forcibly stunned.
The train employee followed him without wasting time.
(Kogoro) But he couldn't do anything.
The murderer passed in front of my compartment.
(Kogoro) He shot against the glass of the window of his
and jumped out of the train.
-Excuse me, but who are you? -Eh?
But how come you don't recognize me?
Ah, I've seen your face somewhere...
The Sleeping Kogoro?
You are the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?
The one who, wherever he passes by, a crime is committed?
The cursed detective?
(Think) Where do they get these rumors from?
Hey, are you the only one who has seen the murderer running away?
No, all 3 of us have seen him!
Me, my daughter Ran and Conan that...
He is no more, that little boy?! It was here a moment ago!
Where the hell did he go? Where are you, Conan?!
(thinks) "They are identical in everything."
"The incomprehensible words of the robbery..."
"And then, the murder case that took place on the express."
"Everything is synchronized according to that novel in every detail."
"Like that work I read, a novel still unpublished."
"Coi, being from a story from when I was little I don't remember."
"I thought I'd get something out of it if I asked my father."
"Where should it be, at this hour?"
Ah, Conan, you were here!
You can't go up and down like that.
Excuse me.
Come, the inspector is calling you.

(Kogoro) I've been telling you for a long time!
The murderer came running like this,
opened the door of his compartment, fired,
and after breaking the glass,
he turned to me, fired, and fled.
You didn't see the murderer flee through the window, did you?
No, not exactly...
Besides, do you find it normal that the murderer fled leaving the gun behind?
Inside the express has fired 6 shots.
And there are still bullets left.
He may have fired and, taking advantage of the fact that you were frightened.
he has hidden in another compartment.
Impossible!
After the murderer passed in front of me, he closed the door!
It seemed to him that he did.
The lights in the corridor were off,
and you must have been quite nervous after the shooting.
Come, Inspector.
(He thinks) "Yes. At that moment, I'm sure the door closed."
"But what the inspector says is logical."
"We didn't see the murderer flee through the window."
"And for him to flee leaving a loaded gun behind him is not normal."
"Moreover, when he closed the door, how come he didn't close it from the inside?"
"By locking it from the inside, he could have bought time."
"And then, the biggest mystery:
why does this crime unfold identically to that novel?"
It may have been hidden in someone else's compartment.
Do you want us to check the compartments?
For the moment, we can start next door.
No one's there?
Stop it!
What time do you think it is!?
Excuse me, I'm Inspector Nishimura from Hokkaido.
A crime has taken place inside this train.
A crime?
Haven't you noticed?
There's been quite a rumble.
I don't know what you're talking about, I was sleeping soundly.
You were talking about a crime?
-Well... What's up? Something happened?
She was murdered with a gun.
In the living room, the owner of the jewelry store, Keitaro Izumo, was killed!
This... this is absurd!
-What was my husband killed for? -Maria?
Anyway, we'll take a look at the compartment.
May I open the suitcase?
Yes, go ahead.
Hey, who killed him?
That's what we're trying to find out.
B-but...
Gee, isn't this a rifle?
Yeah, I'm a skeet shooter.
I was thinking of doing in Hokkaido.
-It looks like there's no one inside. -Okay.
We'll proceed with your compartment.
Inspector!
Let me see my husband, please!
Calm down, madam.
Listen, can you tell me what is it, this bag?
Ah, they're fishing rods.
He liked fishing and I always brought him the rods.
Of course he did.
We'll try next door.
This is the deceased's apartment.
No sign of the suspect.
Well, then, let's continue, next to the staircase interspersed.
Coi, one by one...
Open up, police!
Open up!
What's wrong?
We're the police, let us through.
Come in, come in.
What have you got, on the bed?
Ah, it's a kendo sword.
He was fixing it.
Tomorrow I'll take part in a match at Sapporo.
I see.
-Something happened? -A small incident.
Standing here won't clear anything up!
Mobilize the inspectors and check all the compartments!
(Man) Enough fuss!
I had barely made me pass the trunk, and you...
Where is your compartment?
Here, on the second floor.
-Let me... -Hey, wait!
Who do you think you are?
What are you doing?
It's just a golf bag.
If you don't stop I'll call the police!
The police is me!
In no complaint?!
Have they found the killer?
Listen...
If you could find him easily, you wouldn't need the police.
Before the crime, a woman has spent a lot of time in the living room.
A woman?
She wore sunglasses and looked sideways at the murdered man.
Excuse me, were you talking about me?
It's... It's this woman.
At that moment, I left the room because I had to go to the restroom.
He was looking because I was bothered by the smell of his cigar.
Your compartment?
This is it.
Your luggage is just the bag you're carrying?
Yes.
I'm just going to Hokkaido for horseback riding.
(Thinking) Horseback riding?
Ah, I've seen what the uniform looks like too!
They wear a helmet and strange tight-fitting pants, don't they?
The riding ones.
Of course they wear them!
Oh, they wear them too?

It's fantastic! It's natural to carry them, my boy.
So, you also take care of the stool?
Yes, when it's damaged, I buy a new one.
Excuse me, the passengers are starting to complain...
We should head for the station.
No way!
Until we've checked the compartments, we're not moving.
You should search inside the tunnel without wasting time.
I've already told them to do it.
Inspector Nishimura!
In the tunnel.
We've discovered a corpse!
As you say?!
He must have hit his head hard.
When he went out the window he must have fallen badly.
What an imbecile.
Is this the man you saw?
Yes.
Yes, I think so...
What's this?
A false mustache!
A... this man...
is at Yasuji Asama!
In Yasuji Asama is that man who did...
Yes, the robber who held up a jewelry store
and got away without taking anything.
He had been a member of a gang of 3 robbers,
but one of them died of an overdose of stimulants.
Since then we knew nothing.
We thought he had moved on, because he had not been active for a long time.
The man who was killed earlier was the owner of the jewelry store
that the Asama had entered to rob!
Inspector, this smells of scorched earth.
We found him dead, but they have confirmed that he was the murderer.
Tell the train driver that we should get going again.
(Answering machine) "The phone you are calling is disconnected,
or is out of coverage."
"We are unable to make the connection.
"If you'd like to wait a few moments, we'll get back to..."
Excuse me!
What's that?
Is that you, boy?
You wanted to tell me something?
It's just that I'm very impressed.
You're very good at comedy, you know that?
What you explained about riding was a lie like a cathedral!
You've come on this express for another purpose.
What a thing to say, boy.
It's true, I travel to go horseback riding.
The dregs I told you about are horse manure!
It is impossible for someone who does not know this to practice riding.
Come on, don't hide your identity.
Your cover is no longer good for you, madam.
Isn't it?
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Have you seen anything strange?
It was a little before the crime.
Does anyone take the hint?
(Thinking) "Wait a second!"
"If a body of that constitution...
was put in a place like that...
I've found it!
I've found it!"
In the next chapter...
The North Star Express number 3, part two...
The clue to the next Conan is... Objects of disguise!
The case and the train will reach the destination! There will appear those two, Conan!

