"She is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Surprise! We have that pair today!"
"Danger is approaching the last station."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"We were on our way to Hokkaido
aboard the North Star Express."
"As we were going through the Seikan tunnel,
in Keitaro Izumo, a jeweler was shot in the head and killed."
"The killer broke the glass in his compartment and fled."
"In the tunnel, we found the corpse of the murder suspect."
"This crime is unfolding as described in the father's unpublished work!"
Come on, don't hide your identity.
Your cover is no longer good for you, ma'am.
Isn't it?
The North Star Express number 3, part 2.
What a disappointment.
I knew I'd be found out.
You look great, Shinichi!
(Adult voice) Maybe you'll fool a stranger,
but just by changing your hairstyle you can't fool your son.
Well, I've gone to a lot of trouble, making this hairstyle.
Why did you go to the trouble of disguising yourself to get on the train?
You know I have to dress up!
I'm a famous person in Japan.
In the Stone Age?
You're rude!
I came here because in Los Angeles I read a newspaper article.
It was about a jewelry store robber
who had said some unusual words before running away with nothing.
So it was true! Yes, in Yusaku he said it too.
That was an act unbecoming of a professional robber.
And then there were the robber's mysterious words:
"This was not the deal."
were exactly the same as those at the beginning of his novel.
Although in the novel it is not a jewelry store that is robbed,
but a major antique shop.
And then, after that, what did you do?
The logical thing to do was to call the jewelry store.
We asked if the owner wanted to take a long-distance train
a long-distance train and go through a tunnel.
Because in the novel an antique dealer was shot dead inside the train.
6 days after we called him he got on this train.
And he didn't pronounce it stop ?
It didn't occur to me
that she would be murdered when she was waiting to go to the bathroom...
It wouldn't have cost you anything to explain it to me!
But Shinichi, you were with Ran all the time...
You could have done something.
Are you blaming me for the murder of that poor man?
No.
That's not what I meant.
Can you tell me where the guy who wrote that novel is?
He must be in Sapporo by now, he got on the previous express.
When we called the jewelry store
we couldn't find out which train was going up,
so we boarded two different trains.
On Yusaku he has boarded number 1, I have boarded number 3.
The other one, number 5, goes through the daytime tunnel, not a good choice.
Why not?
In the daytime, you can do the assembly anyway.
What else do you know?
What kind of setup was it?
The father must have told you, right? Yes, of course he did.
What?!
He forgot, the montage?
Yes, he wrote it 10 years ago.
And they stole the novel when it wasn't finished yet.
They stole it?
Yes.
One of the editors was involved in a robbery
and the crooks took his briefcase.
Don't tell me that in that robbery...
Yes.
That's right.
There were three robbers,
the name on their head was... Yasuji Asama,
the man they found dead inside the tunnel.
How do you understand, that the head of a gang would want to commit a murder
as described in the novel he stole?
To wit.
Is that you, Conan?
(Conan voice) Eh?
Ran! What are you doing here?
Ah... this... I was talking to this lady.
Miss, kiddo, you were talking to a lady, weren't you?
Y... yes!

Come on, bird, let's go to the living room, Conan!
Father will begin his exhibition of deductions!
Caram, my boy, it has happened to you in the davant.
If so, I'm glad.
(Inspector) This is not a show to spout deductions.
You are implying that the murderer is not Yasuji Asama,
the man whose body we found in the tunnel?
No, the murderer is Mr. Yasuji Asama.
Then what the hell do you intend to deduce, sir?!
The motive, Inspector.
-The motive? The motive? -Yes.
The key to deciphering it lies in the words the Asama said:
"This was not the deal."
If we carry on as we are, it will remain an incomprehensible crime,
but considering that the two of them had agreed to fake the robbery,
it all starts to fit!
What do you mean?
The whole thing was a set-up,
and Izumo wanted the Asama to purposely steal the jewels from him.
In exchange for returning the jewels he had stolen,
he would offer him a good part of the sum he would receive from the insurance.
But when he went in to rob him,
the Izumo sounded the alarm and threw him out!
The Izumo didn't want him to steal the jewelry in the first place.
That setup was a trap to capture the robber
and thus make himself more popular for the next election.
But unfortunately, Mr. Asama was able to flee,
and Mr. Izumo, who feared that the robber would take revenge,
received a call from the robber.
"Get on the North Star. We'll make a new deal without cops."
Mr. Izumo quoted,
Mr. Asama shot him without a second thought,
and when the assassin tried to flee, he fell and died.
The owner insisted that he wanted to go up to the North Star,
after the robbery, didn't he, madam?
Yes, we had to go by plane and he changed it.
But Mr. Izumo, where the fuck was Mr. Asama supposed to meet?
Surely they knew each other from that.
The newspapers were full.
Mr. Izumo had been dealing drugs underground.
Those suspicions were cleared up long ago!
But from what the detective says, he must have been involved in dirty business.
That we don't have a corrupt man as the next mayor is a joy.
He has his wife in front of him and he dares to talk like that?
(He thinks) "It's true."
"If it were a common crime, the deduction would follow Kogoro's line."
"But it unfolds as the novel does."
Excuse me, Mr. Inspector...
Years ago, that group of robbers consisted of 3 people, right?
Yes. Do you know the names of all 3?
No, we only found out the name of the head, the Asama, and the woman.
But the jewelry store robbery was carried out by the Asama alone.
The other one was due to retire and was no longer doing bad things.
(He thinks) "Therefore, one of them 4 could be the remaining robber."
"That is, the individual who has read the father's novel."
"This is the arrangement of their compartments."
"If you could get out of the compartment
and get into someone else's without being seen..."
"If they used the objects they carry, what do we have?"
"Mrs. Izumo has a rifle for skeet shooting."
"Mr. Kaetsu has fishing rods."
"The Aoba, a suit of armor and a kendo sword."
"Mr. Ishitsuchi, a set of golf clubs."
"Got it!"
"If they had released the Asama before the Izumo assassination....
using that object could create an illusion!"
Inspector Nishimra!
The approximate time the victim fell into the tunnel is known.
From the speed of the express and the position of the body,
he fell at approximately 10 minutes past 4:00.
It coincides with the time she was seen fleeing to her apartment.
(He thinks) "It can't be!"
"So, the killer was able to throw the body out of the window
and disappeared from the room in such a short time?"
"No. A person can't pull these stunts!"
"What kind of set-up must he have used? Father!"
They still haven't found the shards of the glass he broke.
I have told you that he is looking for them thoroughly!
There was also something Estanya attached back of the pants.
A strange thing?
Yes, a fragment of adhesive tape.
It was very given.
(Think) "Wait...
"If a body of that constitution is put there...

"If you were put in a place like that....
"I've found it!"
"I've already found it! The murderer has used this!"
"Probably the murderer is that person."
"He has murdered Mr. Izumo
and has foisted the murder on Mr. Asama."
"By using the structure of this North Star
and the Seikan tunnel with ingenuity..."
Shinichi, what's gotten into you, all of a sudden?
It's all clear to me now!
The montage that the father wrote is an insignificant montage.
"The young man with the black hair smiled
as if boasting of victory."
Wow, you are extraordinary!
Let's give a lesson to Yusaku, who is so full of himself!
Ah, right...
Something, in the novel, there was a young man with glasses?
Yes, there was one!
He was an unbearable young man with a detective's fumes!
He was so much head over heels...
"Ignoring that the power of deduction would lead him to his own death."
(thinks) Hey, wait... This means...
You care about them too much, Shinichi.
Even though the crime happened just like the novel said,
it doesn't mean that you've been murdered!
If he was murdered in the novel,
it was because he wanted to make the murderer confess without evidence.
He was unconscious.
You have nothing to do with him!
It's not that I think I'm going to be murdered,
but the circumstances are very similar.
Although I have no proof.
I know the willing assassin and the murderer who may have done it,
but I don't have any proof that this person is the murderer.
So, they will not be able to arrest him!
Not at the moment.
Although there must be some evidence left in that person's luggage....
but since the murderer is considered to be the Asama,
we can't ask to examine this luggage.
So, we have a good method.
We will lead you exactly where the novel does!
(Inspector) Something strange about the Asama's compartment?
-Really, Miss? -(Inspector) Yes.
I'm sure it was before the crime.
Yes, maybe before entering Seikan's tunnel.
In front of Mr. Asama's compartment
there was something long...
Long?
What are you talking about?
-I can't remember. -Please, madam...
Don't worry.
It will soon come back to me.
Anyone take the hint?
(Megaphone) Sapporo!
Sapporo!
Okay, Shinichi?
Vault over here, don't let me out of your sight.
All right, when you're approached by the dormíamos with an anesthetic dart.
You know what?!
I'm so excited! You're upset.
Conan!
Goodbye, I'm counting on you.
What are you doing, Conan?
Let's go, let's go.
The Natsue and Takeshi will soon come looking for you.
Oh, my goodness!
I have neglected something inside the train!
I'll ask the attendant to look for it, go get the luggage.
Ah, wait!
(Thinking) "Let's see... the mother... the mother...".
"Ah, I've got it!"
"Why the hell is it on another track? It makes masses of turns!"
"Damn it!"
Mother, behind you!
Shit, you're a mess!
You're a mess!
What are you doing here?
You were supposed to protect me!
(Loudspeaker) In a few moments, train 102 will arrive on track 7.
"The killer approached the young detective by stealth
and, with bloody hands,
gave a slight push to those unsuspecting shoulders
and stained the track with blood."
I'm sorry for not being more clear, but we'll stop the pen here.
To unnecessarily prolong this situation would be absurd.
Yusaku!
What are you doing here?
I asked inspector Nishimura what had happened,
and after checking everything, I came.
The person who died was Izumo, the owner of the jewelry store,
and foisted the murder on the Asama and killed her, is you...
Mr. Kaetsu.
It can't be anyone else.
Don't... don't talk nonsense.
Witnesses say that the murderer is the Asama,
who had fled through the window of the North Star.
The Asama they saw was you disguised as him!
For starters, he was a wanted robber.
It was a no-brainer to conclude that he would show up with his face covered.
Then how do you explain his fleeing through the window?
I have always been inside the train.
You just made it look like I was.
You used those fishing tools you have behind you.
Mr. Asama died in advance, to his compartment.
By striking a blow,
you passed a fishing line through the bandage of the pants,

has broken the glass and left the body hanging outside.
The other end of the thread was pulled taut into its compartment.
He tied one end together,
and if the other one fixed it, everything was ready.
Then, he killed the jeweler,
he has gone to his compartment and has shot in the window.
After shooting at Mouri, he hid in the staircase.
He cut the fishing line that was not holding on,
and Mr. Asama's body fell out.
Thus he made sure that the body fell into the tunnel
at the time when the murderer was supposedly fleeing,
so that he could pass the Asama off as the murderer.
But Mr. Mouri saw that the compartment door was closed.
Oh, excuse me, I forgot to tell you.
There was a kind of latch on the door, wasn't there?
On the inside of the door,
you've taped another fishing line with adhesive tape
and put the string through the latch.
If we tie it to the thread we will cut,
when we cut it, the weight of the body will pull this thread taut.
The tape will also loosen and the door will close.
The proof of the assembly is the adhesive tape
attached to the corpse's pants.
B... but this type of assembly could be done by anyone.
Wow!
The bad man's suit is in the man's luggage!
Oh, and a pair of sunglasses and a pair of sunglasses and a pair of sunglasses.
And a pair of sunglasses and a cap!
Ma... little boy!
I'm sorry, Mr. Kaetsu,
but the flaw in the assembly is not being able to get rid of the costume.
If you were to examine your luggage,
you'd find yourself in a situation you couldn't justify.
That I wanted to develop it as the novel said, it was too much.
Since it was an unpublished novel by my favorite writer,
I thought it would work.
Maybe I'm being too fanciful, but he did it to avenge the death of Bandera's wife.
the death of the Bandama woman who died from an overdose of stimulants?
Are you following me?
His targets were Mr. Izumo,
who was smuggling in those stimulants,
and Yasuji Asama,
for having introduced the woman into the world of drugs.
He saw that you were
in similar circumstances to those in the novel
and carried out the crimes that were narrated.
Who are you?
I am sorry I did not introduce myself.
I am Yusaku Kudo, the author of that mediocre novel.
Eh... It can't be...
If the novel has really made a deep impression on you,
I'd like you to turn yourself in to the authorities, please.
The murderer in the novel repented of his crimes and turned himself in.
It was how I had planned to end it.
I will.
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I'm so excited!
Did you come expressly to see us off?
No, I came to say something to the father!
I've been able to solve all the riddles in the novel.
Yes, it's true!
What a shame, he has deciphered them alone!
If you knew, you would fall off the pedestal.
Ah, excuse me... That was a farce to give a little fish to the readers!
As I only wrote half a book,
he got the wrong impression and used it.
(He thinks) He tells me incongruities to make himself look good.
It was fate.
I was in danger, and you saved me by a hair's breadth.
By a hair?
A couple of minutes ago I was next to you.
What did you say?
You waited until a second before I got the push?
I wanted to have proof that he was the culprit.
Besides, the setting of the setup was the Seikan tunnel.
It was worth contemplating it serenely and quietly.
How cold it was.
Esclar, we are in Hokkaido....
(Think) "Would it be wise to attack someone while talking on the phone?"
"What if this murder had engineered it...?"
In the next chapter...
The love story of the police inspectors, part 1.
The clue to the next Conan is... An exercise bike!
In the next one, someone we know will appear as a cop!
-Who?
-Surprise!

