"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today's setting is the central police station."
"Policemen are normal people busy with love."
"His brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The love story of the police inspectors, part one.
Oh!
This is the central one?
It's huge!
There are a lot of cases to investigate, right?
Of course, it's almost the most important police station in all of Japan!
I'm so excited!
Come on, children.
We've been summoned as witnesses for that old castle case.
We're not here for a picnic!
What's wrong with you?
You jump for joy, when you hear about unsolved cases.
It's true!
You're the one who's having a great time!
What do you mean?
You mean?
I'm going back.
It's up to you to answer the questions they ask you.
Where are you going, Ay?
Doctor Agasa?
We've been waiting for you.
I'm in Takagi, from the research department.
Come in.
Yes.
I'm sorry to have called you here on purpose.
It's nicer than I expected.
I had imagined a dirty place with cigarette butts everywhere.
It's only in the movies, that's all.
I'm sure the inspectors' office is very nice.
Wow, it's not crowded.
Because they're off duty.
You didn't expect that?
No, I didn't.
In the inspectors' offices there are always people smoking.
And you see a man who looks at you with bad eyes.
It is that in the movies they make the inks.
I am an inspector.
I don't find it convincing at all.
He can arrest criminals, with so little plant?
He must not have a girlfriend...
Where is Inspector Megure?
We've come at that gentleman's request.
It's at the main office for a bank robbery.
The one 3 days ago?
The one at the Haido bank where they took 200 million?
Yes, Mrs. Midori, the inspector's wife, was the bank,
and she was injured when the offender gave her a shove.
Will you take our statement for us, Inspector Takagi?
Yes, that's right.
Well, let's go to another office.
I'm meeting someone at 5 o'clock.
His shirt button is undone.
Hey?!
Come on, it's true!
-And the collar of his shirt is wrinkled.
Tell us something, is it true that you don't have a girlfriend?
Eeeh ?!
Do you want me to introduce you to the granddaughter of a cousin of mine?
Pro... Enough of this subject...
Liking someone is the worst thing that could happen to me.
What are you doing, Takagi?
Oh, my lord...
Who are these kids?
What are they lost?
No, you're mistaken.
These children...
Who is it, this girl?
Ah, well, it's...
Why does it turn red?
Of course she is!
She's Inspector Takagi's girlfriend!
Come on, let's go!
Bringing a girlfriend to work isn't right.
No, it's not!
My name is Miwako Sato!
I'm an inspector of the investigation department, is that clear?!
-An inspector... -That's great!
What have you come to do?
You are the witnesses of that case in the castle.
Eh?!
Are you the children who actively participated in that case?
Yes.
As the defendant confessed,
we want to know your version of events.
Oh, I remember!
Sato, you are the inspector of the National Stadium case, right?
You were amazing that day!
Ah!
You were those kids going up and down!
We weren't going up and down!
We were collaborating in the investigation!
We didn't bother them!
The Junior League of Detectives did it for justice!
Come on...
It's true.
We solved the Stadium and Castle cases thanks to you.
But, I want you to learn something:
the word "justice" can't be abused and said at all times.
You will keep it in your heart and value it.
Have you understood, little detectives?
(At the same time) Eh?
Yes...
Did it sound a bit old-fashioned?

No, not at all.
But what happened, Sato?
Weren't you supposed to go with Inspector Megure
to assist him in the 200 million robbery case?
It's related to the case.
Yesterday we got a call from the branch manager of the bank in question.
He said he was coming because he remembered something.
We've arranged to meet him here.
He's coming with his doughnut.
But what?
At the time of the incident, the manager's wife was the bank.
The robber pulled the gun on her.
Maybe she remembers something important.
But it's not normal.
She also made a similar call to me yesterday.
She said, "I'll tell them about the robber, I'll come alone at 5 o'clock."
Yeah, the director told me
that his wife was afraid that the mugger would attack him
and that they would come as long as it was clear.
Right, so that's why...
Did Yumi from traffic say anything to you?
It's just that last night, I fell round in the bar
and it seems that she made me chat.
Eeeeh?
Aaaa... No, she didn't tell me anything...
Listen.
We saw Miwako getting drunk and asked her questions.
She likes one of the first research department!
Who knows if it's you!
Bad piece, you're a bad piece!
Inspector?
The branch manager of Tohti Bank!
Thank you very much.
You can come in now.
I've arrived on time.
Didn't you come with your wife?
It's just that I had to stop by the bank, and we had arranged to meet here.
You didn't come?
Well, no.
That's strange, although he must sleep.
Excuse me, may I make a phone call, please?
Go ahead.
-3 times... -Hey?!
What do you mean?
He's looked at his watch 3 times.
(Phone)
Yes, Masuo residence.
Ah, it's you!
Eh?!
You're with the police?
Yes, now I pass you the inspector.
Good morning, madam.
Inspector Takagi is on the phone.
Is that the inspector from last night?
Takagi was saying.
Yes.
I see you're still at home.
Have you had any problems?
What problem?
What problem?
We were supposed to meet at 5.
Excuse me, we thought you were coming with your husband,
and we're waiting for you.
I didn't know anything.
You didn't know?
Wait!
But what are you saying?
(The woman called)
Leave it to me!
Madam, I feel ?!
Answer me, please!
Madam!
What happened to you, Madam!?!
Tell the mobile body to be alert!
I'll go get a car.
The mobile force?
It's a mobile unit of investigators that takes care of the details.
Oi, Conan?
Oh...
-Where did he go, Conan? -Where did he go? -Go figure...
(Siren)
Will my wife be all right? (Siren)
Have you noticed anything unusual in the neighborhood? (Siren)
Yes, now that you mention it... (siren)
Last night you saw a strange man hanging around. (siren)
Maybe one of the robbers thinks he saw her face
and wants to shut her up!
It can't be!
Maybe he called when he saw a random burglar.
She was talking to the police!
Would a thief do something like that?
When did you get in here?
What do we do now?
Our priority is to check that the lady is safe.
Don't bite your tongue!
Kayo, can you feel me?!
Kayo!
You guys go to the second floor!
I'll check the dining room.
-Come on, Takagi! Yes!
(Think) "They've cut the window glass."
"He came in from outside?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What happened?
The Kayo... The Kayo is...
Madam!
I'll go get an ambulance!
No.
Notify the investigation department,
identification and forensics!
She's already dead.
No... it can't be...
-Look at the time. -Body found at 14 and 16 minutes!
Who could have done this monstrosity?!
Was it that robber, inspector?
(He thinks) "That is strange..."
"If we open the dining room door,
we'll find the woman's body in our field of vision."
"And this man, on the other hand,
from the time I stepped into the glass until I approached,
has not raised his voice."
"Would it be wise to attack a person while he is talking on the phone?"
"No, it is not wise:
His voice would have been felt over the phone."
"And it's logical to realize that the woman's interlocutor would get suspicious
and would come flying over here."
"Besides, her incoherent words to the switchboard..."

"And if this murder was engineered by him?"
"If that were the case..."
(Sato) The victim is Kayo Masuo, 42 years old.
The murder weapon is a knife with which she was stabbed from behind.
It does not appear that she struggled.
She died on the spot.
She must have died when we heard her scream.
Inspector Sato, did you hear her scream?
Her husband was talking to her on the phone from headquarters.
In the middle of that conversation, I pressed the call tracking key.
Then... we heard my wife screaming over the phone.
So the victim, while talking on the phone, was attacked from behind,
was attacked from behind.
I am convinced that she was not only talking on the phone.
Before, she was talking while pedaling on the exercise bike.
Moreover, she is sweaty and her shirt is wet with sweat!
When a person dies, the metabolic functions stop and even if the temperature rises
and even if the temperature were to rise, no sweating would occur.
Immediately before he was murdered,
he would be doing some activity that would make him sweat, right?
If you noticed, there were no sneakers in the shoe closet.
And if we're looking for something that makes you sweat that much inside the house,
we'll find the exercise bike.
Conan, you can't enter the scene.
That's right, you're not bad at all!
I haven't asked you your name yet.
Conan Edogawa, a detective!
De... Detective?!
Yes, he's the little boy who lives in Detective Mouri's house.
That's why he knows such unusual things.
When you grow up, I'd like you to become a police inspector.
If you're assigned to our department, we'll treat you well.
Oi, Takagi?
Yes!
Well, Inspector Sato, let's go around the neighborhood to see if there are any witnesses.
After that, let's examine this house thoroughly.
Maybe she was killed for stealing.
No, this act was not caused by a simple robbery.
We already knew that this woman would be the target of that murderer.
Ah... Supt. Inspector Shiratori!
I'm sorry to contradict you, but I'm no longer a super inspector.
Just today I was promoted to first class inspector.
Wow, that's splendid!
You were promoted very quickly.
Will you also include me in your list of candidates to marry you?
With pleasure.
(Thinking) "Don't tell me that the man Sato likes...
is in Shiratori?!
"Stop it, stop it! Don't think things like that while I'm on duty!"
On what grounds do you deny that it was a robbery?
Especially since you hear the victim's scream over the phone.
A manga would not attack someone who is talking on the phone,
because if he saw him and screamed, he would have to run away irretrievably.
In addition, the victim had to come to headquarters to provide testimony.
Yes, she had remembered something about the robbery and she had to come with her husband.
and she had to come with her husband.
But she did not show up, and her husband, worried, called him.
Did the lady say anything to make you think
she was talking to a policeman?
Yes.
She asked if it was the inspector from last night.
Then it's quite clear.
The murderer didn't want her to continue talking to the police,
so he murdered her.
Wait a minute, what are you saying...
Yes, the murderer must have been one of the two robbers.
(Takagi) "Van held the victim at gunpoint with a pistol."
(Takagi) "She was very close to one of the robbers."
"The criminal must have thought he had seen her face."
"And he killed because there were no witnesses."
Also, when she was taken hostage,
she offered resistance,
and stretched the robber's ski mask.
He found himself so unable to subdue her,
that he exchanged this hostage for Inspector Megure's wife.
What's more, the inspector's wife offered herself as a hostage.
Last night my wife told me he was a foreigner!
That was it!
I'm sure your wife wanted to tell us this about the robber!
Takagi, talk to the Bureau of Extraordinary Investigations!
Tell them they've specified that one of the robbers is a foreigner!
But, isn't it strange?
There are only two meters behind this exercise bike.
There is not even a door.
How can it be understood that someone could attack her from behind
while she was pedaling?
-A new one, this kid.
-You know him?
Yeah, he's the bung detective who always sticks to Mouri.

Wow, you're a famous force, kid.
What's wrong, Takagi?
No, nothing...
Hey, you find it strange too, don't you, Inspector?
Even if you were stabbed in the back,
it doesn't mean she was attacked treacherously from behind!
The victim could have tried to run away
and he would have been stabbed in the back as well.
Then, the body would have fallen past the bicycle.
In addition, the phone would also have fallen together,
and if it had fallen somewhere else, there would have been sweat left on this floor.
Also, the killer didn't have to move the body to the side of the bike.
You are also right.
Sir, your wife often pedaled the exercise bike?
Yes.
She used to pedal on it every day at two o'clock in the afternoon.
Excuse me, but what time do you get up?
As I have to go to the bank, I leave early in the morning.
She, on the other hand, used to go drinking late lately.
I guess she must have left around 12 o'clock.
In this case the answer is simple.
If my deductions are correct, the murderer was hiding...
Inside the bookshelf there... behind this curtain!
What a surprise, it couldn't be more appropriate.
There aren't many books.
It is ideal for someone to hide!
Not a lot of things placed.
And the curtain on this shelf is a different color than the others.
We had just put it here because we were modifying the room.
We wanted to keep changing the other curtains, so they would be the same.
You mean a person could hide?
By taking out two or three shelves, he could get in with no problem.
That is, the murderer has used this procedure:
(Takagi) "the murderer, having observed the behavior of those in the house,
entered after the husband had gone out
and before Mrs. Masuo woke up."
"He has hidden himself in this bookshelf
and waited for the right opportunity to commit murder."
"He waited for her to get on the bicycle and be defenseless."
But something happened that he had not imagined.
At that moment, fortunately or unfortunately,
she received a call from the police,
and the killer shot out and did what he wanted to do.
He has entered through the cut-out window in the hallway.
It makes sense.
According to the husband, he saw a suspicious man in the vicinity yesterday.
Maybe he was studying the house and the victim's habits.
(Think) "No! This deduction has a gaping hole in it!"
"This man is the murderer, that's obvious!"
"And it is certain that he has used some convoluted plan."
"He has murdered the victim from the headquarters,
10 kilometers from here."
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
There was only one person.
The assembly requires one person
who was able to return the shelves to the original place.
This person is...
Ridiculous!
Where is the evidence to prove that the assembly was prepared by me?
What happened to him?
He has a wound on his finger, as if he had stuck something in it!
In the next chapter...
The love story of the police inspectors, part two...
The clue to the next Conan is... Some bookshelves without books!
In the next one, the conclusion!
Sato, I love you... Do you prefer tea or coffee?

