"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Crime is full of mysteries, like the fate of love."
"The cops upside down."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"The director of a bank where 200 million had been robbed
went to testify at the central police station."
"At that time to murder his wife."
"There was no doubt that the director was the murderer!"
"But the fact that he went to the central station constituted a perfect alibi."
Police inspectors' love story, part two
Sub-Inspector Shiratori!
In the bedroom, the wallet and jewelry were in plain sight,
and this makes the hypothesis of the robbery uncertain.
So, I was right!
Come on, guys, ask around the neighborhood
if these last two or 3 days, someone suspicious has been asking things
related to this house!
Yes, sir!
Ah, another thing!
As of today I'm an inspector.
Inspector!
Did you understand?!
Yes... Yes, sir.
(Think) "The inspector's deduction has a huge hole in it!"
"If I don't make him see it..."
Hey, excuse me, Inspector Shiratori!
Little boy, you have to leave!
I'll have you taken home.
Don't... don't you find it strange?
You said the murderer killed the victim
because he was talking to the police, right?
Why did you put the shelves back in place?
That's how he was wasting his time
and knowing we were the police, he must have thought we'd be coming in with the flow.
Yes, it is, strangely enough.
Besides, the bookshelf on the side is full to overflowing with books.
-Inspector Shiratori! -What do you want.
We found a strange album in the victim's room.
In some photographs, there are all these strange circles.
No... they're just doodles my wife made on a whim.
I kept telling her to stop painting the pictures.
(He thinks) "Now I get it!"
"That's why he killed the wife. It's obvious!"
"This man is the murderer!"
"But this guy has an alibi!"
"At the time of the crime he was at headquarters, and it was before me."
"This makes the perfect alibi."
"There's something!"
"Some method has allowed him to do it."
"A way to assassinate someone from headquarters,
10 kilometers away."
Ah!
We'd better not call the office of extraordinary investigations.
This case has too many incomprehensible points!
What then?
I'll have to ask you ?!
Who is the murderer and where did he come from?
What method is used?
That the murderer has entered and killed her is unquestionable!
Given the situation, it is unthinkable any other place where he could hide,
wait for the victim and murder her.
The knife threw itself on her?
(Think) "The knife... alone? Wait."
"If that were the case..."
"I've already found it!"
"That's it!"
-What the hell are you doing?
-Come down, boy!
"Eh? Isn't it?"
"That's strange."
"On the curtain and on the shelf there are blood stains."
"But what about that?"
"Eh? The bloodstain is discontinuous!"
"Now I get it! That's what it's all about!"
"I see how the assembly works! In detail!"
"The plan used to assassinate the woman has already come to light,
from a location 10 kilometers away."
Given the location of the crime scene,
it is evident that the murderer has entered this house,
and murdered the victim while she was talking on the phone.
And it is evident that the murderer must be one of the robbers
who robbed Tohti's bank.
(Shiratori) "The motive was to prevent the victim from being able to accuse,
because he saw part of her face."

Moreover, the victim told the husband that the robber was a foreigner!
Perhaps there are incomprehensible points,
but the most sensible thing to do
is to notify the office of extraordinary inquiries.
All right, man.
If you want to call, call them.
And you, Takagi, go to Detective Mouri's house with this kid.
What are you doing with that? Paper figures.
Paper figures?
Little boy, this is no place for children to play,
you'll make them at home.
I wanted to ask them something,
and I took the paper they gave me and made a knife.
Let's see, boy.
What did you want to ask us?
Knives, when we want to stick them in, we take them like this or like that, right?
Yes, that's right.
This lady was on the bike pedaling while talking on the phone
while he was talking on the phone and he was attacked from behind.
Yes.
The victim is sweaty, the floor is sweaty,
and the phone fell next to the bike.
In addition, the victim is barefoot.
We haven't found any sweat marks or traces of sweat around her.
She must have been stabbed and must have fallen on the spot.
So you don't find it strange?
Let's see.
What's so strange, little detective?
The knife she was stabbed with.
He stuck the knife in her with the blade in a horizontal position.
Wow, it's true!
If she had been stabbed as we say,
they would have stabbed her vertically!
It's true, if she had been stabbed from the side,
surely, she would have seen the assailant approaching her...
and then it would be strange that she would have let herself be stabbed without doing anything.
The answer is very simple.
First, he would have attacked her from behind, knocked him down,
put one knee to her neck and the other to her waist,
and while he had her pinned down, he killed her.
Very good, inspector!
That's very clever!
Thank you, my boy.
But I think you've got it all wrong.
If you had pinned her to the ground,
she would have struggled with her legs to try to run away.
Inspector Sato said it before.
There was no sweat left on the ground.
In addition, that phone off the hook and thrown on the ground is not normal.
After that scream, Takagi called her several times,
we should feel the murderer for sure.
And knowing that the lady's interlocutor was the police?
Why didn't she hang up the phone?
With the phone off the hook, if she didn't do anything foolish,
we could have sensed something that would have given us clues.
But she left it like that because the murderer fled in haste!
Just look at how the murderer, upon realizing it,
fled in haste, leaving behind the weapon he had used.
But when we entered, the door to the living room was closed.
A murderer fleeing in a hurry would close the door?
Moreover, the place where we think the murderer entered,
the window with the cut glass, is also tightly closed.
Do you realize that there is something that makes everything incongruous?
Don't you have a strange feeling?
As if there was no one but the victim in the room?
The boy is right.
We should examine this room more closely.
So, what are you saying?
That there was only the victim
and that a flying knife stabbed her?
For starters, if there was a similar set-up.
when he discovered the body you should have found.
Oh, how curious!
What is it, this thread?
A thread?
What do you mean?
Inside there's like a twisted spinning top string!
Voice?!
Yes... Yes it is.
-This string, do you know what it's doing here? -No, I don't know...
It must be a string for making packages that has been twisted.
But take a good look at the end of this string!
There's a kind of ring on it.
Here it is!
Yes, it's true.
It's not a very normal string.
Ah, now that you mention it... I remember!
About 6 months ago, the son of some friends came to sleep at home!
He wanted to play with the bike, and he had to do some mischief.
Still...
What the fuck could be done, with this insignificant string?
Wait a second, please!
If you fix the knife with adhesive tape or something else
and tie the end of this string to the curtain rod,
only the victim pedals the bike,

the thread picks up, the shelf falls down,
and the knife sticks in the victim's back automatically!
It's an interesting proposition, but could you stab her successfully?
You said she was pulling on the end of the shelf.
There's a good chance he stabbed her like that.
Since there's another full shelf next to her,
the trajectory of the fall wouldn't be deflected,
and would hit the victim dead on.
The bookshelf would fall into the victim's blind spot.
But if the victim felt more effort,
he would have noticed that something was happening.
But don't you know?
On these bikes you can gradually increase the resistance.
If she was used to exercising, she wouldn't notice.
But listen...
When she discovered the body, the rack wasn't on the floor, was it?
It's much more convincing to hypothesize that someone broke in
and waited for the moment to murder the victim.
Only one person could have done it.
Because there is one person who put the shelf back in place.
This person is someone who knew the layout of this room and the victim's habits.
and the victim's habits.
The victim's husband came in.
Mr. Kenzo Masuo...
you are the murderer!
Wh-but what...?
Of course you are.
That's why he's called from headquarters.
If you knew that at two o'clock your wife was cycling,
you could foresee the approximate time the knife would stab her!
And besides, if he killed while she was talking on the phone,
his alibi was perfect.
He passed the phone to Takagi
because she wanted us to be sure that her interlocutor was her.
When you came here, you told us to look for the second floor.
That's right.
And while we were on our way, she put the fallen bookcase back in place.
Wait, wait.
Stop making jokes, please!
If more people had come,
some inspector would have entered this room before me!
Besides, if I had fixed a knife on the highest part,
it would have been on top of the shelf.
I'm sure you put it like that, sir!
He put the books tightly compressed against each other
and pressed the knife into the remaining space.
By putting more weight on top, he made it easier for the shelf to fall.
Of course!
In this case, after stabbing the victim, the books would fall,
the books would fall, the knife would stick and the body would fall to the floor.
Then all that remained was to put the scattering of books in order.
But listen, boy,
if a knife like that was sticking so far out of the bookshelf,
she would have seen it!
All right, all right.
And like this?
So the knife doesn't attract attention,
and now we know why the blade is stuck horizontally.
You're very clever, boy!
Even if the first one to come had been an inspector,
he would have found the bookshelf and the books on the floor,
and he would have deduced that there had been a fight.
They wouldn't have noticed the set-up!
Do you have anything to say, Mr. Masuo?
The string...
What would it have been, the spinning top string?
The string would have been tied to the curtain rod...
and the inspectors would have discovered it!
Where is it, the evidence that proves I am the murderer?
What's wrong with you, sir?
You have a wound on your finger, as if you had stuck something in it.
Ah, I see!
When you tried to put the handkerchief in your pocket, you did it wrong, didn't you?
-So, you've got something in your buttocks. Can you take it out?
The content of the pocket, probably...
must be the thumbtack with which he's held the string.
With the victim's blood on it.
How did you know that?
By looking at the discontinuity of the tiny bloodstain on the shelf,
you can see that there was something stuck to it!
If you point the thumbtack needle outwards
and hook it on the top, with the ring of the string,
when the piece of furniture falls, the string comes off,
then the pedal picks it up, thanks to the inertia of the pedal stroke!
But if the inspectors had found the blood and the thumbtack, how do you explain it?
how to explain it...?
After all, the thumbtack would have been after the lady
because she, supposedly, would have put it on to hang this.
She intended to make believe that even if blood was found,

you would think that she had a puncture.
Au, less theory and more testing.
To see if it really works we could do a test.
Place what's in your pocket on top of the shelf.
It does work.
No need to test it.
Yesterday I tried it hundreds of times
to perfect the angle at which I should put the thumbtack.
Funny, when I lifted the shelf, I pulled it out,
but I didn't imagine this would happen.
Why did it die?
For the insurance.
She was an insurance policy holder for a very large sum.
That's why I wanted to make it look like she died because of the robbery.
I understand you want to cover up for your friends,
but we'll expose him!
You plotted your bank robbery with your friends!
Are you serious?
Yes.
Probably the mastermind of the heist is this man!
Since he was the chief of the robbers, the heist would be a success.
But when they did the heist, he made a mistake:
He took his wife, who was in the bank, hostage.
And when she heard the robbers' voices and looked up,
she realized that they were his friends.
He wanted to unmask them and he wanted to silence her!
If they changed the hostage, it was not because they could not overpower her....
But because she was the wife of their boss.
How the hell did you know that?
In the photo album there are circles drawn on the photographs.
I'm sure he wanted to take it to the police because he'd noticed.
The robbers are them.
Besides, that kid opened it a while ago for me to see.
"After two hours, the two robbers were arrested."
"They were caught when they were counting the money from the robbery."
"Both cases were solved at once!"
"According to Mr. Masuo, he planned the robbery,
because his wife was squandering the money to live in luxury."
"That he was forced to murder a wife like that,
made it an ironic crime of force."
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Hey, I've already been told, Shiratori!
What a feat, getting promoted in such a short time!
You are truly extraordinary!
Please, no praise, Inspector Matsumoto.
In such a simple case, it wasn't necessary to make your brain work hard.
That's right.
It's thanks to this boy that the case has been solved.
Eh ?!
You're Mouri's lime boy, aren't you?
It was impressive, sir, you got it all right!
It was just a coincidence...
I'm sure it was.
Sometimes a child can solve riddles before an adult can.
Gee, it's already so late?
Now I understand why he was hungry.
Da... this, Sato, you want to come to...
Why don't you come to dinner with me?
A window with a night view of the city behind us...
And a distinguished Romané Contié...
Oh, how wonderful!
(Think) I knew it.
It was true.
My uncle is a chef in a 3 forks restaurant.
It's incredible!
But I pass!
I don't really like French cuisine.
Who... what a pity.
Bye, see you later.
Too bad.
Sa... Sato, you don't like French cuisine?
I don't like it and I don't dislike it!
I just don't like expensive restaurants, they are too formal!
There is a Chinese noodle restaurant in the neighborhood that is very good!
Shall we go there?
Ah... With pleasure!
Hey, hey!
Hi Sato, Takagi!
Come?
Let's have a drink to celebrate the case resolution!
Yes, sir!
I, Miwako Sato, will also accompany you!
(Think) No... it can't be.
At Sato's she likes...
Come on, you come, too, Takagi!
I can't.
I still have work to do.
When do we start at once?
You must take our statement.
It's already 8 o'clock!
We'll forget: that happened a long time ago!
(Think) So we won't go anywhere.
Oh!
It's so cool!
It's more exciting than the car driving games!
(Laughs) Huh?
What happened to him?
This man is not breathing anymore!
In the next chapter...
The case of the sudden streetcar braking

The clue to the next Conan is.... The camera suitcase!
In the next one, a streetcar, jingle- jingle- jingle! (Genta) Boom-boom!
This doesn't do it! Clack-clack!

