"He's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"The streetcar stopped today. Was it an accident or a crime?"
"The truth comes out in the end."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The case of the sudden braking of the streetcar
It does take a while, in Conan.
It's 2/4 and out of 6.
Ah, mi-te, it's here.
Conan, we are here!
We are here!
You're late!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What were you doing?
You're late, man! The sheets have stuck to me.
What a face, and he says it so calmly.
They'll make us wait a long time to get on the new rides.
If we go now, there won't be people and we'll be the first ones to get on.
(He thinks) It would be bad if we didn't go.
It's not even 6 o'clock in the morning!
(Megaphone) "In a few moments,
the streetcar to Beikaland amusement park will be arriving."
(Megaphone) Hey!
It's here, it's here!
Come on, let's get on it!
Oooh!
What a great ride!
We've got him all to ourselves!
(Think) Nobody gets on the streetcar on a Sunday at dawn.
(Boy) He hasn't come yet?
Casum.
What should they do, these two?
In Horii always does, but that the Shimizu is late is not normal.
Young man, are you alone today?
No, with two other people.
Why should I?
I don't mind if you take pictures inside the streetcar,
but try not to disturb, okay?
Ah, yes...
Just in time!
-You're late, Shimizu! -Sorry, Kawasaki!
It's just that I overslept a bit.
What about Horii?
He's not here yet!
He always arrives at the last minute.
Then he'll be here soon.
Soon it will be time to leave.
You're right...
Good morning, guys.
Sorry, sorry...
I'm a little late...
I'm sick of your apologies!
You're late every day!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
It's so cool!
It's so much more exciting than car driving games!
Imagination doesn't even compare to reality!
Miss, you too the Beikaland Park?
We are from Hanayama University.
We study railroads.
We came here to take pictures of the tramway.
You know that nowadays there are not too many streetcars.
As I am going to study in Germany soon,
we thought we'd take some pictures now.
Count me in, mate.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
Although it may not look like it,
you have the photographic skills of a professional.
What do you mean, "even if it doesn't look like it"?
Ah, sorry...
(Megaphone) Next stop: Temple of Hari, Temple of Hari.
(Megaphone) Oh!
(Megaphone) This is it!
Here we are!
Caram.
They get off at this stop?
Yes.
Up ahead there is a good spot to take some pictures of the streetcar.
A sweet spot?
Two knots should be enough, I guess.
Horii, Shimizu, this is a new suitcase.
and it's got the cameras I want most, so don't let them touch it, eh?
-Don't worry, take some good pictures!
Trust me!
The train will be leaving soon.
(Alarm)
Let's go.
Let's go!
All right, just in time.
(cell phone rings)
Yes, hello?
Ah, Kawasaki?
Now the streetcar has just left.
(Kawasaki) -Perfect, everything on time. Cheer up, mate!
Come on, Horii.
We take pictures from the rear window.
(Kawasaki) Yes, let's go.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Young man!
Have you taken wrong?!
Kawasaki!
Are you hurt?
Ah, no, I'm fine.
I just got a little scared...
Young man!
Don't do anything rash!
You could have lost your life!
You're unconscious!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
Hey, how come you fell on the track?
I climbed on that stepladder to take the pictures
and I lost my balance.
These 4-legged ladders should be kept balanced.

(Thinks) "What are they, these marks?"
"And there's also... Eh? What is it, that?"
"A double hook."
"And then there's a piano wire attached..."
"Could it be that this is...?"
I'm really sorry.
The important thing is that he's safe and sound.
Au, go back upstairs, we'll be right out.
What are you doing, Conan?
The streetcar will be out of here in a minute.
Yes, I'm coming!
(Conductor) -Are we all here? (Genta) Yes!
If Genta has gone up, that means we're all here!
What do you mean?
See.
Horii, what are you doing?
Has anything happened to you?
Come on, Horii, what are you doing, man?
Don't touch it!
-What are you saying, boy? -What do you mean, don't touch it? -What do you mean, don't touch it?
Mr. driver, call the police!
Why do we want it, the police?
Don't tell me that...
Yes.
This man is already dead.
(thinks) "This... A lump on the forehead..."
"A wound on the back of the head..."
"Blood on the bottom of the camera case..."
"Blood on the floor..."
"How do you digest this?"
The deceased from the fall is Mr. Masao Horii, age 22.
He has a severe bruise on his forehead and a contusion on the back of his head.
It is probably the head injury that caused his death.
My name is Kenji Wakai from Hari police station.
Under what circumstances did he fall?
I saw Kawasaki climb the ladder and fall.
I was so focused on the brakes that I didn't see anything.
I was so scared that I covered my eyes.
I was also concentrating on what was happening and I didn't see anything.
I had gone behind the streetcar with Horii to take pictures.
The emergency brakes were activated and with the inertia I fell forward.
I don't know what it was, from en Horii.
Well... And what do you say?
I stopped the streetcar in a hurry and ran to where the boy was,
so I didn't notice anything.
Okay, you guys.
Then everyone got off the streetcar.
Did you see anyone coming in from the outside?
It's been a few minutes.
I couldn't tell you if anyone got on in the meantime.
Of course not.
Considering the wound to the back of the head
and the bloodstain found at the scene,
it's clear that the deceased received a strong impact to the head.
He must have lost his balance when braking,
and hit the suitcase.
This is an accident, it is an obvious accident!
Eh?
But it is very strany.
Strany?
And a black lamb!
I aspire to become inspector general of the Metropolitan Police.
It's impossible for me to be wrong.
What do they know, a few ignorant children?
-So much is given to us, who wants to be! -We are the Junior Detective League!
That's it!
We are disciples of the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
What?
Disciples of the very famous Sleeping Kogoro?
What's so strange about this?
You watch the suitcase of the cameras.
It's full of blood at the bottom,
but if he's bitten the top with his head, that's where there should be blood.
Now I understand you.
Is that what it was?
With the emergency braking the case must have tipped over.
But the strap of the suitcase is securely attached to the bar.
(Think) Eh?
This strap?!
I'm sure that at that moment...
Two knots will be enough.
Horii, Shimizu, this camera case is new.
That's strange.
This strap, I had secured it by tying it with two knots.
Since it's new, I told them to make sure no one touches it.
Look, there's blood on the side too...
You mean someone untied the leash at some point?
If the braking has taken it backwards,
it's strange that there's a lump on his forehead.
Yes, indeed.
Also, look at this stain.
It's all covered in blood!
So he's been hit?
No, it doesn't make sense.
It's impossible, committing a crime while the streetcar was braking.
No.
It's an accident, no doubt!
(Thinking) "We're not going anywhere."
"This is..."
"Wait! The hook shaped like that on the side of the stepladder."
"And the mark on the camera case..."
"Right. I get it!"
"At first glance it seems impossible because the streetcar was slowing down."

"But this is no accident. A in Horii has been murdered."
"And the murderer is one of them!"
Mr. Conductor, we can't have the streetcar stopped forever,
and we've already made the accident report.
-He wants to start it up again? -Yes, he does.
Officer, when we get to the depot,
I'll take a statement from those involved at the police station.
(Thinking) "I have to do something about Detective Wakai,
but I can't use the anesthetic dart in front of everyone,
and there's no place to hide here."
Mr. Kawasaki and Miss Shimizu, we must write your statement,
so we'll have for quite a while.
-All right.
-All right, Inspector.
-You'll come too, won't you? -Yes? (Vez) -Yes!
Wait a moment, Mr. Inspector!
What do you want, boy?
We'll take your statement too, don't worry.
No, I didn't mean that.
Next to the scissor ladder, I've taken this.
Maybe it's related to the case.
What do you want it to have to do with it, a hook shaped like that?
It's just that if this ladder hadn't fallen,
the streetcar wouldn't have made the emergency braking.
And what does this do?
Ah...
Wait, let me see this hook.
Here, inspector.
It could be that...
It fits!
That's right, it matches the markings!
It was hooked on the scissor ladder!
Besides, what is it, this cut piano wire?
Piano wire, there was one on the bumper of the streetcar.
What?
Let me see it!
Quickly!
Yes.
It's this one.
The thickness, the material, the cut, it looks like it's the same...
Hey, can you remember where you found the hook?
It was hooked to the metal ring on that electric pole.
Right.
The mark on the metal ring is very recent.
There's probably one there too.
Look, there are marks here too!
(thinks) "And also to the sign post on the other side."
"I knew it."
Yes.
On the pole of this sign there is a piece of piano wire.
The piano wire came from the hook attached to the stepladder,
passed through the electric poles on the side,
looped around to the electric pole 50 meters away
and continued to the sign post on the other side.
The force of the train pushed him,
he pulled the stepladder taut, lost his balance and fell.
The stepladder was deliberately made to fall.
But who did it?
Surely there is some connection
between the fall of the ladder and the death of Mr. Horii!
It's true!
This is it!
Inspector Wakai will now prove that he can solve this riddle!
Come on, let's go back to the streetcar!
(Think) Au, you mean you will be able to?
Everybody listen to me.
Your attention, please.
Mr. Horii's death has been murdered!
But he said it was an accident!
Yes.
And Mr. Kawasaki's fall is due to a criminal act.
What?
As you say?
Someone tried to assassinate me, detective?
Yes, there is that possibility.
On top of telling us that Horii didn't die accidentally,
you must also tell us that the fall was deliberately caused by someone else?!
Exactly, I will tell you from now on.
First we will point out the method used by the murderer.
The murderer knew that they would activate the emergency brakes
if he brought down the ladder he had climbed in Kawasaki.
Even if it was only a short time,
he had enough time to carry out the murder.
(Wakai) "In Kawasaki it has fallen down
and everyone was watching what was going on in front of him.
"The assassin hit Mr. Horii in the head with the suitcase."
"And then Mr. Horii rushed forward,
hit the handrail and fell face up."
"The murderer left the suitcase where it was,
but in his nerves he just tied a knot in the strap."
"Then the emergency brakes were activated,
the victim's body slipped and hit the suitcase."
At that moment, the person closest to the victim was you,
Miss Shimizu!
You can't be serious!
I also rushed forward with the braking!
Mr. Conductor, first thing in the morning,
is there another streetcar running on the same track?

Let's see... Yes, it happens 20 minutes before 6 o'clock.
The killer must have put the piano wire after this time.
And it was set by someone who knew that in Kawasaki he would take photos here.
Yesterday, in Horii, the Shimizu and I decided on this site.
I left the staircase before coming to the station.
I arrived at Hari station at 5:54.
It is 4 kilometers inside Hari Station.
It takes 10 minutes by bicycle.
In addition, when Kawasaki went out to Hari Temple Station, the Shimizu called it "Hari Temple",
Shimizu called him.
She wanted to make sure he was on the stepladder, right?
No way!
Did you do it?
I didn't touch your suitcase and I didn't murder Horii!
Besides, tell me what evidence you have!
What?
What proof?
Proof?
Well, I don't...
It is intolerable that you call me a murderer if you have no proof!
Miss, how did you get the marks on the back of your hand and on your watch?
What do you have to say about these marks?
Look at the blood on the camera case.
Could it be from the wound on your hand?
You got it when you hit the deceased with the suitcase, didn't you?
No!
Will you continue to say the same thing, after the analysis?
According to the identification department's report,
the blood on the upper right corner of the suitcase is not Horii's.
And fingerprints of another person have also been detected...
who is neither Mr. Horii nor Mr. Kawasaki.
What do you have to say, Miss?
Shi... Shimizu, why did you kill her?
I...
I had been dating Horii for a while...
And he had promised me that we would get married.
But he decided to go to study in Germany and...
when I told him I wanted to go...
I'm sorry, beautiful.
I can't take you with me.
There awaits me the promise that parents have chosen for me.
When I go there, I'll marry her.
It was unforgivable.
I couldn't forgive him.
That petty man in Horii...
He didn't deserve to be forgiven...
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
You have done very well!
I will give you my autograph as a souvenir!
For the kids of the Junior Detective League,
who casually contributed to clearing up the streetcar case,
solved by Kenji Wakai.
(Thinking) Come on...
Well then, we'll meet again, Junior Detective League!
Aaaaaaaah!
Watch out, lest your career of success goes down the drain.
(Think) What is it, this water?
"Get over there..."
And the next chapter...
The amusement park bungee jumping murder case.
The clue to the next Conan is... Yaiba the Masked's show!
The next crime takes place at an amusement park.
Detective Takagi in a crisis! Really?

