"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"We will experience an unexpected twist today."
The protagonists have hidden punches."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"At Megumi Sakihara's house,
a woman he had given private lessons to in Kogoro,
a car exploded."
"In the explosion, Hiromi, Megumi's sister, was killed."
"Hiromi was taking her sister's car out of the garage,
who was afraid to back up."
"The suspect is Hiromasa Takahashi,
who had made a pact
to exchange the murder of the respective women
with the husband of the Megumi, in Kazuo Sakihara."
"But in Takahashi made a mistake and killed his sister."
"The two men acknowledged the crime
and it seemed that the case was solved, when..."
(Thinks) "Going out backing up ambpoc space and in a hurry....
This case is not closed!"
The truth of the car explosion case, part two.
But what's wrong with you now? Hey!
What's wrong?
No, it's not.
It seems to me that Megumi has bought us cakes.
Come on, let's go home!
Casum dena!
What's wrong with her, in her head?
(Thinking) "It's too early to tell her."
"I have to be more sure."
(Kogoro) We're sorry about what happened...
(Kogoro) Thank you very much.
Don't suffer for me.
I feel much better now.
I'm much more cheerful.
Drink your tea before it gets cold.
Ah, very good.
You're very kind.
Thank you.
Conan, what do you want cake?
Eh?
Ah, yes!
Can I go to the bathroom?
(Think) It must be there!
In Sakihara has a personal line in his home office.
He received all of Takahashi's calls on this line.
(He thinks) "What's that?"
"A duct tape mark!"
"I could smell it!"
"This is where he put it."
Megumi was more animated than I thought.
Have you become calmer? Yes, because I've seen that it's better.
When we're at Beika station, I have to go somewhere.
No problem.
But don't be late, okay?
(Think) "Eh? Is there a window here?"
"Ah! From here..."
"I got it!"
"I understand how it went. I just need to have the proof."
Hello!
I'm here.
There's something about the case that I don't see clearly.
Say.
Today, at the supermarket,
Megumi had no trouble backing the car out.
How come on the day of the explosion the sister took the car out?
Besides, Megumi's home office,
where the telephone line comes out, there is a mark of insulating tape.
Duct tape?
Did you know that there is a window in the garage wall?
With the explosion the glass was broken
and now there is a wood that covers it.
From inside you could see the car.
What are you saying?
What are you getting at?
Are you insinuating that the Megumi has something to do with the murder of her sister?
I'm not sure... But...
What nonsense!
I'm the one who knows her best!
I was her teacher!
And she has no malice.
Who you know is the Megumi who went to high school.
But there's a chance that she's changed a lot.
Stop talking nonsense!
She hasn't changed!
She's the same as before!
Stop it!
This is what you want to think, right?
But in fact you know I'm right.
Stop it!
Get out of my sight!
I'm going to take a bath.
I'm going to bathe.
Casum the creature of the nostrils!
What did he think, talking like that.
(thinks) The secret window?
Yes.
It's what we call with my sister Hiromi.
The father wanted to make a door.
When we were little, when we played outside and made weeds,
we were often scolded from here.
The Sakihara and Takahashi's expostulate?
That's right.

I would like to look at it for reference.
By the way, has the research cleared up anything else?
Mmm... According to some friends, it is seen that when they were younger,
Hiromi had taken a couple of times the boyfriend at Megumi.
Hiromi was a very bold girl.
It seems that she did it for fun.
It is not strange that when she married Sakihara,
the Megumi half-jokingly threatened her
that if she took her husband she would not forgive him.
(Think) "It seems to me that they have found forces clues,
but one is still missing...
the final clue."
(Horn)
I know!
Maybe, if...
(Kogoro) Mr. Inspector, I'm calling about what I asked you before.
Ah!
I looked at Takahashi's file,
and it says the only time he saw the Megumi was at the supermarket.
Except for that day, he didn't approach the Megumi for anything.
How was he dressed, in Takahashi, that day? (Kogoro voice)
With a jacket and sunglasses.
I got it!
By the way, Mouri, since this morning you haven't...
Thank you very much, Mr. Inspector!
See you soon! (Kogoro voice)
Hey, hey, Mouri!
(Thinking) I've got the clue I was missing!
Eh!?
What's the matter?
Hey, father!
Caram has cut.
Hello.
What is it, Ran?
Father, he told me he was going to see Megumi.
He said he was the only one who could convince her.
What did he mean?
Ran!
Let's go too!
Let's hurry!
Let's not waste time!
Casum the pot!
Do you want to tell me why he came?
Forgive us.
Your call has left me quite worried...
Coming up, guys.
Thank you very much, Megumi.
So, professor, what did you want to talk to me about, so urgently?
Look, Megumi...
I've come here to get you to confess everything.
B-but Father!
What are you saying?
You already knew that your husband and your sister understood each other,
and that your husband and Takahashi wanted to swap murders.
And you are going to take advantage of it
to liquidate your sister, that I hated for years,
and to send your husband in jail accused of murder.
Father!
What a thing to say, so suddenly!
About two months ago,
you bought yourself a telephone tapping device
and an automatic tape recorder at a store in Akihabara.
Today I went to the store
and bought the same devices you bought yourself.
I know it's not right,
but when I went to the washroom, I took a look at the office.
You put the device to tap the calls to the office
and you felt the conversations I had with Takahashi.
The proof is the signal from the duct tape left on the wall.
You had to do it to sense the conversations between him and Hiromi.
But you learned of your husband's terrible plans:
he had exchanged a murder with someone he knew little about.
The next step was for Takahashi to kill you.
You knew he wanted to put a bomb in the car.
(Mouri) "But your husband didn't see it clearly,
because if the car exploded at home it would be suspicious."
"You were going to tell him that you were going to see your sister with the car."
"You also let him know that she had the car to the garage
and that you could park it in the garage.
"Upon hearing this, your husband called Takahashi,
and explained the situation."
"You didn't feel the call,
but you figured that Takahashi would take advantage of it
and go to your parents' house."
"Then, you said that you were afraid to go out backwards
and asked your sister to take the car from you."
"Just as you had predicted, there she lost her life."
But there was something you hadn't foreseen at the time:
That your former teacher would come to see you!
(Mouri) You stood still.
Ah!
One moment, please!
(Mouri) Very well.
Pull.
Pull.
Did you think that if you didn't follow the plan everything would go down the drain.
It's true that I bought a device to tap the phone,
because I suspected my husband was giving me the jump.
But I rethought and threw it away.
I used it very little.
He was giving you the jump with your sister...
I had no idea.
Assuming...
Assuming your deductions were true,
what could I be charged with, detective Kogoro?
The one who put the bomb in the car was Takahashi,
and the one who asked him to do it was my husband.
I only asked my sister to get into a car.
So I am neither an accomplice nor an instigator of the murder.

Am I right, professor?
It is obvious that you studied law and that you are the daughter of a famous lawyer.
As you rightly say,
for having made her get into the car they can't accuse you of anything.
So...
However...
in case you had made her get into a car
where you knew that there was most probably a bomb...
you could be charged with murder!
That day, with the excuse that you had to look for something,
you went to the storeroom and went to check the garage!
(Mouri) "Just as you imagined, he appeared in Takahashi
and placed the explosives under the car."
When you were sure,
you asked your sister to take the car from the garage.
In short, you're going to make her get into a car
where you knew there was most likely a deadly bomb!
Do you have proof that she watched the garage from the storage room window?
If you have it, say so!
Come on, Professor!
Don't you have it, the proof?
The portrait that was made following Megumi's indications!
Megumi, where did you say you saw that man?
In a supermarket near my house.
Really?
That's strange.
Inspector Megure told us that at Takahashi said
he was wearing a jacket and sunglasses that day.
Why the portrait without glasses?
Did he really realize that in Takahashi he was following you
for a while at the supermarket?
You didn't know it later,
by tapping the call that Takahashi made to your husband?
Eh?
So, where did you see him? From the storage room!
From the secret storage room window!
Megumi...
You saw Takahashi's face from the storage room window.
You also saw how he put the explosives in the car!
How... how can you be so sure?
In Takahashi didn't want anyone to see his face
and he wore sunglasses until he went into the garage.
When he came out, he put them back on.
There was a moment when he couldn't help but take them off
because you couldn't see it.
The moment to place the explosives under the car!
No one can carry out such a dangerous operation in the dark
and wearing sunglasses.
That's why he took them off.
Therefore, your version of the sketch of Takahashi without sunglasses
is proof that you saw him in the garage when he was setting the explosives.
As you say, I felt it all...
I wanted to kill myself
and give the insurance money and the money from my parents' inheritance to
Hiromi to open a clothing store.
Ah!
Until then everything was going well...
Then I was really happy!
I wish I could go back!
Those were times when I was enormously happy.
But then...
15 years ago...
I should have taught you much more important things.
Much more important things than studies.
But what can I say to you, I, who have separated from my wife
and I'm a disaster with sentimental relationships.
But... it is never too late.
Pay for what you have done and start learning again.
This time, however, you have to learn to live.
When the time comes, me n'ensenyarà, Professor?
Ah!
Of course you will!
(Title: "Still for your love")
Nani ka ga okorisou na yoru wa Inori wo sasagete me wo Toji na yo.
Konno tsuki no tokeru yoru ni,
ay sarete umarete kita no to mama wa Itta.

Soshite Subete wa karamawari, mira ga Chigirin no wo mita.
Saa Hadashi ni Natte Daichi Kette Niji wo koete sora wo tsukande.
I wish Mune no juujika nigiri asa wa...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I'm glad the case was finally solved.
Yeah, but look at poor Kogoro, he's touched, I feel sorry for him.
(Phone)
Detective Mouri's office, please say?
Eh?
Yoko!
Ah!
A concert?
Of course I'm going!
I'll join a fan club or take private lessons for you!
Yokooo!
It seems that we don't have to suffer anymore...
(Think) You can say it.
He's getting better soon, this Kogoro!
Ah, what a rage.
That grandfather, I've seen him somewhere, but I can't remember where.
(Think) A floppy disk?
Where did you get it?
Mmm?
I don't remember buying it.
(Think) "A grandfather who disappears, a man with sunglasses....
There's something going on here!"
In the next chapter...
The case of the disappearance of the mysterious grandfather.
The clue to the next Conan is.... A window pane!
In the next Conan, we will meet a mysterious grandfather.
(Grandfather) Today's youth...
Was it Grandpa?
Yes.

