"She's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Summer vacation has just begun."
"What will Sonoko's boyfriend be like?"
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"We went to the beach to Izu,
and the Ran and I witnessed an unusual act."
"The Sonoko had gotten a boy whose name was Michiwaki."
"But when she already felt she was in seventh heaven
and waited on Michiwaki, who had invited her to dinner,
she was attacked by an individual!"
(She thinks) "Are these my imaginations or is he watching us permanently?"
"The man with the glasses that the Ran has seen from somewhere worries me."
"Besides, the Sonoko's attacker..."
"That guy... is he really a common thief?"
Sonoko's dangerous summer story, part two.
Is it here?
It's a very nice restaurant!
But it doesn't seem to have much clientele.
Maybe we're too early.
Are you really not coming, Sonoko?
I'm staying.
I had a terrible night.
That man kept coming to my mind and I couldn't sleep a wink.
I'll sleep here.
Are you sure?
Too bad, girl.
Here, you have all kinds of refreshments in the fridge.
Thank you very much, Michiwaki.
Well then, we're leaving, Sonoko.
Feu quiet without me.
Hey, if you're tired of sleeping,
come in the restaurant with us, okay, beautiful?
Yes.
I can't take it anymore...
The fish and seafood here are delicious.
I would have liked to invite her.
It's a pity.
She'll be all right now, Sonoko?
Sleeping in the car with this heat...
I left the air conditioning on.
Oh, it's unbelievable!
It's unbelievable!
All this for one person?
Yes!
Luxurious and cheap!
That's the secret of this restaurant's popularity!
(Think) Au, should we feast on this feast tomorrow?
What? The food was excellent, wasn't it?
The food was excellent, right? Yes.
Everything was great.
(Thinking) I'm about to burst.
Thank you, it was great!
I feel like we've pushed the Sonoko away.
(Thinking) Huh?
You're the guy from the guesthouse.
Do you come here often, to this restaurant? No, today is the first time.
By the way, where is she, your brown-haired friend?
I haven't seen her.
Tonight, Sonoko didn't sleep and she sleeps in the car outside.
Look at her!
What's that?
It's Michiwaki's car!
Wow!
Why is it moving by itself? There's a cliff in front!
Thank you very much.
Eh?!
Wait, gentlemen, the bill!
(thinks) "A nightingale for picking locks!"
"The handbrake is down!"
Sonoko, wake up!
Sonoko!
As long as I run, I won't have enough strength!
My God!
We are approaching the cliff!"
Conan, separa't from the car.
Hurry up!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ran!
Sonoko, hold on tight to me.
Run! What?
You guys!
Are you all right?
Yes.
We've come a long way.
Boy, you guys came up short.
I'm glad you saved.
You!
Why didn't you put the handbrake on, you fool?!
Don't talk nonsense.
Yes, I did!
If I hadn't, the car would have been overturned long ago.
Someone has lowered the handbrake!
Someone has forced the lock of the car with a nightingale and has lowered it.
Someone who wanted to end the life of the Sonoko.
We understand.
While Miss Suzuki was sleeping in Mr. Michiwaki's car,
someone forced the lock of the car and pulled out the handbrake.
This caused the car to go down and off the cliff.
News from the divers, sir!
They confirm that the car had the handbrake down.
And they found this object in the roadway.
A nightingale!
This proves that the killer is a professional!
They've also cleaned the footprints thoroughly.

Do you have more data?
No, sir, there's just a puddle of accumulated water
from the air-conditioning system where it was parked.
And you haven't seen anyone suspicious passing around the car?
I don't know...
I didn't sleep a wink tonight and I was sleeping soundly in the car.
On the other hand...
since we arrived, suspicious people keep appearing.
There's one over there, for example.
Excuse me, would you like to tell me who you are?
My name is Makoto.
I work at the guesthouse.
I came here because we didn't have much work,
and I wanted to take a break and have some tea.
(Thinking) "This man is not the murderer!"
"When the car started moving, he was already in the restaurant."
"If I had forced the lock of the car,
he would have removed the handbrake and come to the restaurant,
we would have seen her come through the door for sure."
"The people at the restaurant said the back door was locked."
"We noticed she was there when she came out of the toilets,
but the toilets don't have any windows where you can get out."
"And naturally, at Michiwaki he is also above suspicion."
"This man ate with us and has not gotten up once."
"Therefore, the most suspicious person is that man following us."
"Who the hell could it be?"
We would like you to come to the police station to make a statement.
Pugin the cars.
To the cars?
Ah, that...
I just don't see myself being able to get into any car.
So, what do you say we walk?
It's not far from here, and you'll be able to get back on your feet.
That's great!
That's great!
Just a moment!
Don't run so fast!
If she gets attacked again, what will happen?
Besides, he has brown hair.
He could be the murderer of the crimes.
In broad daylight, there's no evildoer who attacks people.
But if there's a chance...
Nothing will happen, Inspector!
I'll be with Michiwaki.
And I also have the Ran!
No hanging around, go straight to the police station!
Yes.
Yesterday at the boarding house, before that in the car... You're a very persecuted girl.
Sonoko, can't you think of the reason? No, I have no idea.
So attractive, people lose their minds.
(Thinking) "Why do they want to kill Sonoko?"
"Besides, if they wanted to take her life,
why didn't they do it when they forced the car door open?"
"Letting the car go over the edge required more effort,
and therefore unnecessary."
Come to think of it...
Since we had to leave after lunch,
we had our luggage in the car.
All our clothes were burned.
Oh!
Why are we in this situation?
You still make a good face, because my car....
(Sonoko) Yes, you're right.
Getting involved with me has brought you a lot of trouble.
It's not that big a deal.
Compared to the memories that have disappeared with the photos...
In the end, all I have left is that famous photo.
What picture?
The one I want to show Shinichi.
I have it on me, don't worry.
What are you saying?
Even though you have it?!
If you don't stop poking at me, I'll get it!
(Thinking) "Sure, the photographs!"
"The aim of the murderer is to destroy the photographs!"
"That's why the car with the Sonoko and the luggage inside had to be thrown off!"
"But how is it, that the murderer thinks that he has taken a photograph of her
that puts him in a dangerous situation?"
"Between the pictures of the Sonoko, towards compromising anyone..."
"Or maybe I missed something?"
"Again the man?!"
Easy, Sonoko, but it seems to me that someone is following us.
That's the killer.
Can you run?
-Y... yes... Let's go, then!
Let's go too!
If we go into the forest, it'll be more dangerous!
No, woman, no!
This way it will be more exciting!
Won't it?
We'll split up and so the disoriented!
(Thinking) "It's not normal."
"If he's the murderer, how come he still wants to murder Sonoko?"
"The photos have already been burned!"
"The train?"
"Yesterday they discovered the body in this forest!"
"The day before yesterday, when we were walking, the train also passed by."
"What's the meaning of this? Something doesn't fit!"
Shit.
I've lost them.

Things have gotten complicated in a bad way.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Stop getting pissed off for once!
You're very wrong, if you think you can intimidate us!
Hey, hey!
Ow!
Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
That's what he gets for going into the woods with these sandals.
(thinks) Sandals?
It's up to you, right?
She attacked the Sonoko at the pension and before that she tried to fall off!
It... wait!
That was...
Do not do comedy!
Your hairy arms are the proof!
Show me the bite mark Sonoko gave you!
Eh?!
It can't be!
There's no bite mark!
It must be the other one!
Eh?!
On... on this arm either!
What's the matter?
Who are you, you?!
Who am I?
Police inspector of Chiba Prefecture.
You're very wrong, if you think we'll believe you with a fake ID!
My father was a policeman, teacher!
When a policeman identifies himself, he doesn't just show the cover.
You have to show the first page with the photo and data!
My name is Shoji Terabayashi.
Wow!
It's authentic!
I was actually chasing the suspect of a crime.
A suspect?
Ran, when you wear sandals, you usually go without socks, right?
Is that so?
I guess so.
(Thinking) The Sonoko is in danger!
Ouch!
Ouch, ouch!
I stepped on a branch.
I knew I shouldn't have worn sandals.
Did you hurt yourself?
Did you?
A... a bite?!
What are you surprised about, Sonoko?
You have no reason to be surprised, woman.
So this is...
It's the bite you took out of me.
(Think) "That's what it was!"
"Sonoko didn't bite him on the arm, but on the calf."
"He got confused in the dark."
"He thought he had photographed her
because of the sparks of light from the train's pantograph!"
"He noticed some flames coming from behind him
and then he saw Sonoko passing by with the camera!"
"And he thought she had seen her with the victim!"
"Come to think of it, in Michiwaki he said that."
You'll always look attractive, even in kimono and bikini!
"Sonoko only wore a kimono the day before yesterday, during the fireworks."
"If they met yesterday,
it was impossible for him to have seen her in a kimono!"
"Shit, why the hell didn't I fall for it before?"
What the fuck are you doing?!
Au, take out the photo coi.
The one you wanted to show to that damned inspector!
Surely you wanted to photograph the romantic scene of a couple,
but it turned out to be a photograph of a murder!
A scene identical to this one!
Wha... four girls?
Four girls have died in Michiwaki?!
If yesterday's was killed by him, that was the fourth one.
We don't know why he kills brown-haired girls.
We arrested him for car theft,
but we had no evidence to link him to the murders.
When word got out that Izu had been given a similar crime,
we saw that he had been seen again.
But we found out after the crime.
But if he had been in the restaurant, how come the car moved?
Because of ice!
This guy had ice in the fridge!
He took out a wedge-shaped piece of ice and placed it under a wheel
temporarily immobilized the car.
While pretending to talk to Sonoko, who was inside,
he lowered the handbrake!
And he left the nightingale in the middle of the roadway
to make the investigation more confusing.
Now I understand.
He parked the car leaving two empty spaces behind it
because cars would not park in the direction in which it would move.
The melted ice would look like water from the air conditioner!
(Think) But why does she only attack chestnuts?
Did I tell you, she turned me upside down?
When I see girls like you flirting, my anger explodes!
When I see a girl with brown hair like her, I wish her the worst!
I wish her the worst!
Look, isn't she Sonoko?
(Think) No!
(Thinks) "Why do you do it to me?"
"Why is every man who comes near me a toast?!"
"My God, I hate you!"
Did you take it wrong?
No.
I know... I'm fine... But listen, you're hurt!
Ah, you mean that?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I remember!
That guy with the glasses, I had seen her in a karate tournament!
The captain of the karate club of Haido High School!

The king of kicks!
In Makoto Kyogoku!
(Think) Oh!
That's awesome!
You're definitely always one step away from the cliff.
Lucky that coincidentally, someone with no occupations like me was here.
Sen... no jobs?
Are you telling me that you... all the time...?
Yes, I followed you all the time, until I lost you in the woods.
Maybe you'll call me a stalker, but...
Before he ran into you, he'd been trying to pick up more girls,
and I was worried about you.
Why were you so worried, if we don't know each other?
You don't know this,
but I saw you at a karate tournament!
Alma was so much your friend, she attracted my attention.
I didn't imagine we'd put you up in our guesthouse.
Oh, another thing.
I'd like you to take my advice
and stop wearing dresses that look like underwear and provoke.
If you don't take seriously the advice of a man
who comes up to you to like you,
I won't make a drama either.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Who in Kyogoku has gone to study abroad?
Why is that?
After that, you didn't have a good relationship?!
He said that there were no strong people in Japan and that he was going to see the world.
Ran!
Come on, let's go see!
The baseball game is waiting for us!
The star of the rival high school is a freshman.
They say he's hot.
Come on, didn't you say you'd wait at Kyogoku?
This is something!
And this is another one!
(Thinking) I saw this coming...
(Think) "A key in the water..."
"The window!"
"It's impossible for a person to get in and out through there!"
"What set-up did you use, to leave this apartment locked?"
In the next chapter...
The case of the locked room and the key to the water.
The clue to the next Conan is.... Wax colors!
In the next case, the key is the key! What does it say?
I do not understand anything!
Don't complain anymore!

