"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today, the key is a mysterious key."
"A montage in a locked room."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
I'm sure it fell this way.
Was it the Hikari Guesthouse?
Yes, surely today it must be a boarding house that's falling apart.
Hey, isn't this the one you're looking for?
Hikari Apartments?
I see... visions.
The case of the locked room and the water faucet.
This spring, we've rebuilt it and made an apartment block.
Ah, like I didn't know anything, I was surprised.
It doesn't look like the boarding house where you stayed when you were a student.
Yes, it's something else.
You could not suffer such a heavy mistress and you are going to leave soon.
Au, woman, I did?
Ha-ha...
Excuse me, madam.
You live alone in this apartment?
Yes, my boy.
Nowadays all the children are very much alive.
My grandson, for example, lives on the fourth floor.
He does.
Eat, eat.
It looks so good! It's lucky she's not alone.
Yes.
Her name is Makoto.
He studies architecture at Jonan's university.
But he's been looking very glum lately, poor guy.
I asked him what was wrong, but he didn't answer.
A detective like you will get him to tell me something...
-Is that why you called me, ma'am? -Yes, he did.
He said he'd be here around 8.
Shall we go and see if he's here?
On the fourth floor there's only my grandson's apartment and mine.
From the second floor to the third, I have them rented.
That's strange.
Maybe he's sleeping.
I'll open with the master key.
Can we open without his consent?
Woman, it's my grandson.
Makoto, are you home?
He's in a mess.
Oh!
What's this?
Allow me a moment, madam.
Kogoro...
Is that what I imagine?
No, it's just wax crayon.
How awful!
Even on the door!
"Monument in the water"
What is it? It's awful.
Makoto!
A key in the water.
Makoto!
Makoto!
Makoto!
Makoto!
Ooooooooh!
Makotooooooooo!
What happened?
Oh!
Oh!
Ooooooooh!
Makoto, don't die!
Makoto!
Makotoooo!
Makoto!
You've cut yourself on the inside of your elbow.
(Think) It's not a flesh wound.
Call an ambulance!
No.
It's already too late.
This is impossible!
A... call Kido!
At Kido?
He's a medical student who lives downstairs.
His grandson is already dead...
Listen to me, ask for her, damn it!
I'll get her!
Mr. Kido!
Mr. Kido!
Mr. Kido!
Mr. Kido!
Mr. Kido!
(Thinking) "Too bad. She's sleeping it off."
"What a great room."
Who the hell are you?
Makoto is in a serious condition.
Come at once!
What's the matter?
(Cries) Makoto!
The deceased is Mr. Makoto Soda, 22 years old.
A student of architecture at Jonan University.
The cause of death is the hemorrhage
caused by the cut to the arm artery.
Due to the stiffness of the jaw, he has been dead for two to three hours.
The approximate time of death is between 6 and 7 pm.
Mr. Inspector, this is a suicide.
A suicide?
Yes.
Come and see something, please!
This is it! What the hell is this?
It's an architectural model built by Mr. Makoto.
In this kind of pond there is a key.
The lock on the door has a mechanism that makes this key necessary,
which cannot be easily duplicated.
Moreover, only his grandmother and the administrator had a copy.
How did you find the door to the apartment?
It was locked.
This apartment was a closed space.
That's why you say it's a suicide.
(Grandmother) This is not true!
Makoto did not commit suicide!

When I brought her a milkshake she told me she wanted pumpkin for dinner.
And when was that, ma'am?
Well, at 5 o'clock.
After that, I left the house.
In the meantime, at Makoto...
What kind of milkshake?
It's a special shake I make to prevent heat stroke.
It has honey, garlic and banana in it.
I have not seen him strange and negative behavior,
and besides, my beloved grandson had no reason to commit suicide.
At Makoto... he was suffering....
What do you mean?
The project he had to do to graduate was not going well for him.
He knew it!
That's why he was depressed, isn't it?
What?
Considering the crossings out and the mess, he was upset.
Mr. Inspector...
What is it, that white stuff stuck to the key?
Is it true, what is it?
Aaaaaaaah!
What are you doing, you piece of ass!
This is not toilet paper, inspector?
Toilet paper?
If it were tissue paper or paper,
even if it got wet it wouldn't be so hard to pick up.
I'm sure you've cut toilet paper into pieces and made a string.
But how come there's something like that attached to the key?
I don't know... Makoto had some strange quirks.
It all boils down to a hobby.
In fact, the apartment was locked.
Not quite!
What?!
Look there.
The ventilation window is open.
Donkey!
How do you expect someone to get through such a small opening?
The vent window will be about six inches high.
And the other windows are closed.
We have a closed floor.
To say it's suicide is not logical.
In the dark, I couldn't tell if he'd cut the artery.
In the dark?
When he's in the system the lights were off?
Uh, yeah, only the ones in the bathroom were...
The bathroom lights were also off.
I turned them on before I went in.
At the time of death, from 6 to 7, there was still light outside,
but since the bathroom had no windows, you couldn't see it.
Perhaps the murderer turned off the lights in an oversight after the crime.
Did he make the crossings out to complicate the investigation?
The question is the key.
How did the murderer do it to leave the faucet in the water?
(He thinks) "There are two more uncertain points."
"Why has he meticulously scribbled on the door frame and latch?"
"And then, this vent window."
"Even if it had been open from the start,
it's hard to believe the killer wouldn't have paid attention."
"Wait! The window is not the only one that was open!"
I already have the solution, Mr. Inspector!
We start from scratch, with the idea that this is a murder!
All right, gentlemen, please follow me!
The key to decipher this enigma...
is nothing less than the mailbox!
The murderer, first of all...
(Mouri) has passed a thread under the bridge of the model,
tightened it up to the door,
passed it through the hole of the mailbox and closed it!
"Then he passed the key for one of the wires,
pulled the other one taut and the key went into the room."
"When the key has passed under the bridge,
the paper string was cut and fell into the water."
What do you say?
The riddle is solved, inspector!
You are right.
You are extraordinary, Mouri!
(Think) I've got it!
Then...!
Kogoro, there's something I don't understand.
"From the foyer into the living room there's a corner, right?"
Yes, what does it matter?
That if you Tibé the thread from the outside,
the thread would rub against the frame and leave some mark.
Oh!
There is none!
(He thinks) "The murderer has scribbled meticulously on the door frame
because he wanted us to understand that he had not made the assembly with thread."
Now I get it!
Now I get it!
The killer has manipulated the latch from outside through the letterbox.
Oh.
There's... no sign.
Oh, Mother.
I've got it!
The ventilation window!
The killer has used the set-up I said,
but using this window.
Indeed, it is a physically feasible possibility.
No.
It is impossible.
Do you see?
Next door they have a dog.
He's an excellent guardian, he only trusts the family.
Oi, Mr. Kido?

Yes, I always like it.
As the dog sees and notices everything,
if someone does something weird from below, Border.
So we're not going anywhere with this either.
Then maybe it really is suicide, Mr. Inspector.
(Thinking) "No, this is a homicide."
"And the murderer is..."
"The victim's wound was opened by making a clean cut."
"This is only done by a doctor or a medical student."
"But how did he leave the apartment closed?!"
"A lamppost to attract insects?"
"Wait, the jacket on the front door!"
"The whole house painted with wax colors! And then..."
"Got it!"
"That's why that window is a little open,
and leaves this room set-up half closed!"
"Now we have to find evidence!"
"I'm sure there's something left."
"What's this? This smell..."
"It's coming from here."
"What if it was...?"
"I've got it!"
Excuse me, madam!
This glass is the glass you brought the soda in?
Yes.
It's unbelievable that Makoto washed it.
(Thinking) I knew it.
Now I have found the proof!
Thank you for your cooperation.
We'll call it a day.
Just a moment!
I know what setup the murderer has used!
What?!
Are you serious?
Yes, I'll give you a demonstration.
Madam, let me the key.
No thunder, what the hell do you know?
You have, boy, with the key you have enough, right?
Yes, thank you.
Wait. Give me a moment.
Boy, what in head doors?
Patience, patience.
And now madam, when I go out,
leave the lights off as we found them.
All right, all right, all right.
Ready?
I'll start now, be quiet.
Ouch.
What fumes...
Something fell.
A stag beetle.
It's a male stag beetle.
What the...?
A lamppost to attract insects?
What did it look like? Conan!
This is the set-up used by the killer?
How did the flying deer do it? By smell.
A smell that she likes very much has led her to the top of the model.
And the sweater at the entrance of the apartment?
The murderer placed it there
so that the flying deer could walk more easily.
On parquet or tiles, it would have been difficult for it to walk.
But this hallway and the living room are carpeted.
And this was tailor-made for the killer.
You're unbelievable, Conan!
But where did it come from, the flying deer?
I took it from Mr. Kido's apartment, which he had in a terrarium.
Because of me, it escaped a, excuse me.
No... never mind.
Sir, before I asked you to come down, you came in here?
No, I didn't come in.
No, I didn't come in.
Really? You sure you're not mistaken?
Are you sure you're not mistaken?
Of course I'm not.
Why are you asking me that?
Then, how come your handkerchief gives off the smell of the milkshake
that the grandmother had prepared for her grandson?
Grandma brought the milkshake to her grandson around 5 o'clock, right?
Mr. Kido...
You washed the glass after Makoto drank the milkshake.
And you wiped a stain on the floor with the handkerchief.
Why did you do that?
Because if the flying deer had been attracted by the smell of the milkshake, it would have been more intense than that of the female,
more intense than that of the female,
it wouldn't have gone to the monument and things would have been complicated.
Because you have impregnated this monument
with the scent of the female stag beetle.
Oh, Kido... It can't be.
Show me the handkerchief, please.
The truth is, I'm an imbecile.
I'm raising all this dust to shut you up,
I neglect to get rid of the handkerchief...
and I fall asleep with the handkerchief on me after celebrating.
Why did he murder her?
About a year ago, I proposed a business to her.
I used to take sleeping pills from the university hospital by hand
and we'd bring them over.
But now she just said she wanted to quit.
He knew you would come,
and if he told you, I'd be out of business.
Miserable!
At Makoto, he had surely decided to own up to his mistakes.
Maybe it's too late to tell him this,
but people's lives carry much more weight than you think.
Of this weight, he will be aware when it is at the police station, word!
He will have all the time in the world to see it!

(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Poor Mrs. Mitsue.
Yes...
I know this can't replace Makoto,
but go pay her a visit once in a while.
I must say, you were great tonight.
You left me in one piece.
Ah... It occurred to me to feel Kogoro's deductions.
"A child in front of a door recites sutras he has never learned."
Thanks to me, you're learning the trade of a good detective!
I am your teacher!
(Think) Kogoro, you learn the craft of a good detective, I beg you.
Let him catch the murderer!
You must look for the Sato and Takagi!
First we'll start by investigating the bar where Mr. Toda has passed by.
No... it can't be.
So, this room...!
Mr. Toda's apartment is in this building, right?
In the next chapter...
The love story of the inspectors of the police station continues.

