"He's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Cops will be showing up in droves today."
"The Junior Detective League is also hard at work with deductions."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
Police inspectors' love story continues, part 1.
No doubt she has figured out what your identity is.
Continuing to deceive her any longer is pointless.
You will hurt her even more.
Why... why are you telling me these things?
What are you trying to do?
Behold, the eyes of justice do not understand the heart of a woman.
A woman's heart?
I loved you and I still love you,
since the first day we met...
I guess you didn't realize that, did you, Masked Yaiba?
(Mitsuhiko) Cut!
Cut!
Too bad, Conan!
You have to be more surprised!
In Yaiba sees how the spy girl who has betrayed the bad guys' Organization
declares her love for him!
We have to perform a play for the school festival,
but why don't we do something normal?
The story of Momotaro or Monk Issun!
We can't perform unrealistic fairy tales.
I have to settle for playing the Witch Potato!
Stop complaining!
We've come all this way.
We got into this abandoned building because we motivated you.
So we do a detective story about things that happen.
As a murderer... (woman) Stop!
Quiet!
Quiet!
(woman) Hands up!
Don't move from where you are!
Inspector Sato!
Ayumi!
Don't come any closer!
-Ayumi!
-Ayumi!
Don't come near me.
Don't come near me!
Conan!
(Ayumi cries and screams)
Let me be!
Let me be!
Let me be!
Let me be!
Forgive me, pretty one, forgive me for scaring you.
I'm so sorry!
Shit...
Ayumi!
-Conan... -What about that man?
He went on the roof.
Let's go, let's go!
Wait, wait!
Wait a minute!
That's great.
Sato!
Inspector Takagi!
Sato!
Takagi!
Go downstairs!
Yes!
What happened, Inspector?
(All) Did a detainee go when you were taking him to the police station?
Yes, that's right!
While we were taking him to the central police station there was a crash,
and a moment that I was distracted, the detainee has vanished!
As he looked calm, I didn't imagine that he would run away.
How absent-minded!
This won't end with a sanction file, will it?
Of course it won't!
18 hours 43 minutes.
Formal arrest of the suspect... fugitive.
(Man complains)
The handcuff chain has broken!
Oh, Lord!
Don't give me any more headaches.
Come on, get up!
Eh?
No, please don't!
The key!
The key!
The key!
No, no, I'm not carrying it!
Ah, I'm sure I dropped it somewhere.
Oh, my goodness!
I shouldn't have packed so much.
I am innocent...
I am innocent!
I didn't kill anyone, Inspector!
I didn't kill anyone!
Didn't you hear some strange noises, upstairs?
You must have guessed, because everything is closed.
Come on, let's get it over with, it's late.
Sato, where are you?!
Sato, where are you?!
Sato!
(Ai) - It's strange... - Eh?
This is a museum, right? Yes.
How come there's not a single painting hanging here?
You're right. They must be changing.
Come on, go home, you guys, it's too dangerous!
(Takagi!
-Sato? -Takagi!
I'm here!
Sato!
(Sato) Where are you?
-Sato, where are you? Here!
I'm here!
What are you doing in the men's room.
What happened, with that detainee?
About it... Stop him, I stopped him, but...
I did something stupid.
But how did it occur to you?
The handcuffs are put on both hands of the detainee!

I thought that this way it would not escape us again.
-And the key? -I lost it.
Will you find me a copy of the key without anyone knowing?
It's impossible to take it on the sly.
There's a big mess.
Will you talk back to me?
That's not the way to talk to someone with more experience.
He escaped because you stopped watching him, didn't he?
Yes... it's true.
-Then do as I say, Takagi. -All right...
I didn't do it.
I am not the murderer!
When I woke up the Muranishi was already dead!
-He's been saying that for a while.
I-It's true!
Please believe me!
Listen carefully, Mr. Toda.
(Takagi) "The person who died was Miss Masami Muranishi."
"She lived in the same building as you
and was your superior at your workplace."
"When the body was discovered,
you were sleeping in her bed under the influence of alcohol!"
The door to the street was locked,
and I had put the chain on.
To the lock on the door, on the chain
and to the video cable around the neck there were his fingerprints.
At work she had them stuck with her very often
and yesterday in the bar you told your friends that you would sing the cane to her.
You went to her apartment drunk, argued in it and murdered her.
You locked the door to prevent her from fleeing.
And after committing the murder, you drank yourself to sleep.
But, of that what they say, I do not remember anything.
This is due to the drunken state he was in.
As for my work, I hated her,
because she always criticized me with the intention of offending.
But I didn't want to kill her!
Then why did she try to run away?
-I... I have to go to a place... Where do you have to go?
I have a daughter in Chicago.
The daughter my ex-wife took away from me when we divorced.
sent me an invitation to her wedding.
I thought she had detested me for these 17 years.
This alone was reason enough to go at all costs.
In my apartment, you will find the letter
and the plane tickets he sent me.
-Even if he tells us this... (Ayumi) -It's not bad.
This man let me go and apologized to me!
If he was bad, he wouldn't have done it, Inspector!
But, listen...
-Listen, that flight leaves tomorrow? -Yes, at half past twelve. -Yes, at half past twelve.
Sato, won't you...?
Takagi, you'll do everything I tell you from now on, okay?
No news from Sato or Takagi?!
We've been calling them on their cell phones for a while now, but they don't answer.
Maybe something happened to them while they were chasing that one.
Look for them!
They must be in this area!
Shiratori!
We'll go too!
I have until noon tomorrow to find the real killer?
I have?
Yes, that's right.
I'll keep an eye on this man until then.
Anyway, we can't move here.
So, I'll get the key, we'll take him to Central
and between the two of us...
No!
If anyone finds you in the Central,
the superiors will write you up, they'll open a file on you,
and while they write it and don't write it, it will be time for the flight!
We are supposed to be chasing the detainee who has fled.
We'll make it look like we are and you'll find the real killer!
If we act before we send him to the prosecutor's office and clear the suspicions,
we are police officers and therefore, we can judge whether he can be released.
B-but, Sato...
The cut-off time is the time when this museum will open,
tomorrow morning at 10:00 a.m.
When any visitor enters the restroom, you will end up calling the police.
We'll believe in you until then.
Are you calmer?
Mol... thank you very much!
But I won't be able to...
But you won't be alone.
They are very eager to collaborate!
The deadline is the time when the museum will open,
tomorrow at 10 a.m.
You have until then to find the real killer.
Everything will be fine, I know you can do it.
Have faith in your abilities.
What are you doing?
We have to go!
(Thinking) "No, wait."
"Inspector Megure is the person Sato is thinking of."
"Then he said that to cheer me up."
As soon as she blushes, she becomes depressed.
He's upset.
You guys!
What are you doing here?
It is clearly written below!
No trespassing!
It was an emergency situation.
It's true!
We were chasing a murderer!
What the hell killer?

You are not police officers!
Well, I'm an inspector at the central police station.
You have to prevent anyone from finding out
that there is a police inspector in the building with an incriminated person.
You investigate on your own undercover
to get him to the daughter's wedding on time.
Ah, sorry, we were just playing detectives...
Sounded...
(Toda) Do you think they'll come out?
Why do you say so?
That detective, it seemed to me that he was not very smart.
Yes, he's good faith, but he's the kind of man you can't do without.
But when he puts his mind to it, it's amazing how competent he is.
Are you sure?
-Besides, that boy is with him.
It's-Chiquillo?
The boy with the glasses.
Somehow, I have high hopes for him.
-This is the fifth.
-What happened?
They're looking for the murderer, the Sato and me!
Inspector, you look like an American mobster.
What do you want me to do?
I have to go undercover.
We'll start with this bar.
Before the crime took place,
Mr. Toda came through here, didn't he?
(Woman) He was very drunk.
He said, "I'll sing the cane today, to that cursed woman."
But I find it unbelievable that he did that.
He came back alone in his house?
He came back with Mr. Kitagawa, the man he was drinking with.
Look, it's that man.
He works at the same company as Mr. Toda.
(Takagi) So, in Kitagawa he discovered the body...
He discovered the body?!
Yes.
The day after the crime,
Toda and Muranishi hadn't gone to work.
The building manager opened the door of the apartment and....
-I have left the bill to the taula - Thank you!
See you!
Ah... that, Mr. Kitagawa!
I'm a policeman!
I want to ask you a few questions.
I've already spoken to the police.
My friend murdered his superior.
-I beg you to leave me alone. -Ah, yes...
It's understandable, you've already told the police everything.
And the lady at the tavern must have been asked the same question.
The Muranishi was a follower of the Tokyo Spirits
and Mr. Toda was anti Spirits.
Kids!
Why are you asking this question?
Excuse me, we're leaving now.
I must call home or mother will worry.
-Me too.
-So will I!
(Think) At this rate, I won't stop the real killer in time!
Tell her to tell everyone to spend the night at my house?
Okay, I don't care.
If it's with Takagi I'm calm.
Tomorrow comes the expected Sunday!
I'll tell his parents that you'll all come to the presentation!
Presentation?
What does it mean?
It's the presentation of my invention around town.
It's called Tropical Rainbow.
When it explodes it makes you see the 7 colors of the rainbow.
Come and see it! Yes.
Doctor Agasa has given his consent?
Yes, it looks like a fireworks presentation tomorrow.
Fireworks?
I don't remember any.
We should go to Mrs. Muranishi's apartment, shouldn't we?
Should we go to Mrs. Muranishi's?
Yes.
Another inspector?
The inspectors who came at noon just left.
We have something left to check.
And these kids?
It's for school work!
Let's observe the work of a policeman and we'll explain it.
Ah, do a job on the guy's work.
Then we'll bring you the key to the apartment in your office, thank you.
Yes, please do, please.
Children!
Don't touch anything at all!
It's all right, look, inspector!
When you bought the hat, we bought gloves.
You told us in Conan!
Oh, you did?
Fuck, neither the fugitive, nor Sato, nor Takagi.
Where the fuck are they?
When they were chasing the fugitive,
they got into that abandoned building and we don't know anything else.
Sato doesn't let so many hours go by without reporting.
It's possible that the fugitive has caught them both or something.
It's unforgivable!
Damn it, they're some of my most valuable agents!
What?
The Sato?
The Sato? What?
They've attacked the Sato?!
They've hijacked the Miwachan?!
Aaatxim!
Ouch... Have I caught a cold?
Forgive me, if it weren't for me, you wouldn't be in this situation.
If we have detained you unjustly, we should apologize.
Besides, I'm not doing this for you.
I don't want your daughter to suffer what I have to suffer.
I lost my father and I miss him.

We're back, kids.
No matter how much we examine it, we won't get anything.
The identification body has come and there is nothing left.
There are 4 incomprehensible points.
The color of the mattress, the sheets, the pillow and the curtains.
The kitchen utensils, the crockery and the furniture are all beige.
But the bed and the curtains are gray.
It must be a coincidence.
But they are beige sheets and curtains are in the closet.
And the lady of the tavern has told us.
In the Muranishi really liked the beige!
And that he liked the Spirits and cacti!
That in Toda he was a connoisseur of audio-visual machines
and that he hated bathing.
That when he slept it off he was late for work.
He did not say any of this when his statement was taken.
He saw that if he talked about things that were not related to the case, the police would get angry,
the police would get angry,
and she didn't say more than she should have.
Although it may not seem so, that lady is fearful.
Po... fearful?
The second point is the calendar that has been taken down from the wall.
This is the Spirits calendar that was in the closet.
See how it matches the mark left by the sun?
Surely, the equipment is not going well and he was supposed to take it out.
Yes, all right, but look at this.
Everything he has to do until December is written down.
You are right.
The third point is that the kitchen furniture has been moved.
The identification people have commented on it.
They have changed the layout.
When they moved the shelves they dropped something important,
it stayed down and they didn't notice it.
A box of mistos.
Obri-la.
There is a piece of paper!
A... this is...!
A civil marriage certificate!
He was planning to get married!
But there is no name of the couple.
Although there is their seal.
The fourth item is the cactus.
Although yesterday, the day of the crime, it rained a lot,
would someone like her leave them out in the open?
I mean, someone else moved these things.
Ah, this is it!
It's the cactus that the lady at the bar gave her yesterday.
-A golden cactus! -It has broken spikes, poor thing.
It doesn't matter, let it have broken spikes!
When they discovered the body, the accused, Mr. Toda,
was in bed in this room sleeping like a log!
And from the video connector cable, from the lock and from the chain
prints were taken and...
No... no... no, it can't be...
So, this room...!
Let's take a look?
That man's apartment is in this building, right?
Yes, let's go.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Time.
We're already starting to run short.
Come on, we have to get inside right away!
Let's go to the killer's apartment.
What the... What was that?
That was... It was an explosion.
Oh, shit!
We won't make it in time!
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
(Agasa) Five, four, three, two, one!
The love story of the police inspectors continues, part two.
-The clue to the next Conan is... (Ay) -A cactus.
In the next one, the inspectors' love comes to fruition.
(Takagi) Do you like it? What do you catch?

