"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today, Dr. Agasa enters the case."
"The deductions of the enigma are accompanied by explosions."
"His brain of an adult and it's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"We sneaked into an abandoned building
when we were rehearsing the play for the School Party.
a fugitive came in pursued by the Sato and Takagi."
"She stopped the fugitive at the museum toilets."
"But she made a small mistake and they were both immobilized.
"The fugitive, Mr. Toda, claimed he was innocent."
"He had escaped because he wanted to go to his daughter's wedding,
which was being held in Chicago."
"We at Takagi and the Detective League went in search of the murderer."
Continued love story of police inspectors, part 2.
There are 4 incomprehensible points.
The first is the color of the mattress, sheets and curtains.
The kitchen utensils, crockery and furniture are all beige.
But the bed and curtains are gray.
It must just be a coincidence.
But the beige sheets and curtains are in the closet.
The second point is the calendar they have taken down from the wall.
It's the Spirits calendar that was in the closet.
See how it matches the mark left by the sun?
The team is not at its best and took it down.
Yes, all right, but look.
There's everything you have to do until December.
You are right.
The third point is that he has moved the kitchen furniture.
The identification people have commented on it.
They have changed the layout.
But when they moved the shelves
they dropped something important, and they didn't even notice.
It's just a box of mistos.
Obri-la.
Wow, a piece of paper!
A... this is...!
A civil marriage certificate!
He was planning to get married!
But it doesn't say the couple's name.
There is their seal.
The fourth item is the cactus.
Although yesterday, the day of the crime, it rained a lot,
a person like her would leave them out in the open?
That is to say, another person moved these things around
for some specific purpose.
Ah, it was this one!
The cactus that the lady at the bar gave her yesterday.
-A daurat cactus. The spikes are broken, poor thing.
No... it can't be.
So, this room...!
Yes, let's have a look at it?
That gentleman's apartment is in this building, isn't it?
Yes, let's go.
Eh?
Come on, children, don't fall asleep here, you'll get cold.
Ah, Mr. administrator.
You scared me.
You've been up all night investigating?
Yes.
But fortunately we have already solved the riddle.
From head to toe!
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
It was nothing.
If I have helped, I am already happy.
(Thinking) Now we have to think of a way to corner the murderer.
-Hey!
Anybody here?! - Answer!
That the police ask us to look for them is a beating!
It's all closed!
It's impossible, that they have entered!
Look!
The chain is broken!
What do you mean?!
I'm sure it's the work of that loud guy who played detective!
He'll end up blown up, but we'll put a new chain on it.
What did they want to do?
What do you call it, from that explosion?
Donkey, have you already forgotten?
It's called Tropical Rainbow!
What did Inspector Takagi and Haido see?!
Tell me about it!
Yes!
A young couple has seen a man who looked quite similar.
And the Sato?
Was it with him?!
Excuse me, but who accompanied her was not exactly the inspector.
She was with 5 children.
You idiot!
A policeman in pursuit of a fugitive plays with creatures?!
You've got the wrong man!
A bunch of incompetents!
About it, Inspector Megure... Let's see, what do you want, Shiratori?
It's a possibility,
but the children could be Mouri's League of Friendly Detectives.
No.

It can't be!
This would confirm that no one has heard from Inspector Sato.
It means that she...
That's right.
She must be a prisoner of the fugitive.
Segreted!
Listen, children, if she's sleepy, she can take you home.
-Of course not! -It's not fair!
He wants to do it alone!
Come on, kids...
Let us collaborate with you!
We won't let you face the murderer alone and stop him.
It's our job to do it, we are policemen.
We don't have much time left.
Come on, we have to go in right away! Eeeeh?
We're going to the killer's apartment!
5 minutes to deadline.
Looks like they didn't make it in time.
Come on, don't cry.
You won't be able to go to your daughter's wedding,
but they'll arrest the real killer and prove his innocence.
But it's rather strange.
The most convenient thing would be for one of the cleaning staff to come in.
What if they have a party today, at the museum?
Impossible, today is Monday.
Besides, be attentive, can you feel them?
Being the murmurs of the visitors?
They must queue up to enter when they open.
Well, you are the inspector of yesterday?
Sorry, about yesterday.
I already explained everything I knew to the police.
Yes.
But I've come to ask you to explain the moment you found the body.
I already told you!
In Toda and the Muranishi did not go to work.
And I went to their homes!
No matter how much I rang the doorbell, they did not answer.
The manager opened the Muranishi's apartment for me.
(Kitagawa) "We saw that the chain was on
and Mr. Toda was sleeping in her bed."
"We woke up Mr. Toda screaming and he opened the door for us."
"I went in with the manager and we found the corpse in the bathroom."
That's all!
Ah, Mr. Kitagawa!
Ah, Mr. Kitagawa!
I've told you what I had to say, go away!
Let me ask you a few more questions.
And why?
Now don't tell me you suspect me, man!
No, it's not that, it's just that...
(Genta) Yes, we suspect him!
-You're the murderer, aren't you? - Stop doing comedy!
When you do something wrong you find out!
Come on, children!
There's no way.
You have to go slowly.
Where did you come from, kids?!
-We're the Junior Detective League! -Chief Enigma is resisting us!
Ah... that, it's just that...
Okay, I don't know what the hell is going on, but it doesn't matter.
In this situation, it's impossible for me to be the killer.
Why did you change the curtains and the bedding?
You did, didn't you?
You changed the beige linens to gray.
Stop it!
If you don't take these crazy kids away, I'll sue you for libel!
We have gone to the department store next door and they have corroborated it.
What?!
There we bought a mattress cover,
a sheet and a curtain in gray.
I bought it because the curtains and bedding were old.
But I didn't like them and threw them away.
You took down the calendar from Ms. Muranishi's apartment
and left it on the balcony, didn't you?
Well, no wonder I did.
If the apartment of someone like Mr. Toda, a lifelong anti-Spirits,
found a Spirits calendar and a cactus he hadn't bought,
it's likely he would have caught on to the charade.
You took unnecessary things out of sight from the floor,
changed the bedding, the curtains and the order of the furniture.
You left the floor the same as Mr. Toda's,
strangled Miss Muranishi,
and took Mr. Toda, who had been drinking heavily to the bar.
Isn't it true that I'm not wrong so far?
Then he made her in his drunken state,
pass the door chain, open it,
and when he saw that he had done so, it was only necessary for him to close the latch.
He went to sleep it off.
Thus, the next day he would be found with the corpse in an enclosed space.
Confess.
Y... And the video cable that he had screwed into her neck?
On that wire were Toda's fingerprints, for sure!
Haibara, how did it go?
Just as we thought...
This house is missing a video connector cable.
He asked Mr. Toda, a connoisseur of audio-visual equipment,
to install the cables and use one for the crime!
On the day of the crime you didn't have to go to work!
You went to the lady's apartment,

used the copy of the key she had given him,
transformed the inside of the apartment, waited for her and murdered her!
-This is the proof! Proof?
This is ridiculous!
Show me a consistent proof that I murdered her!
You don't have any!
Because I didn't go to work that day and I didn't see her!
Geez, what happened to her, sir?
She has a wound on her big toe.
Gee, what is it, this music?
Well, it's funny, that we can listen to music while we wait.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
There are 10 minutes left before we can say goodbye to this Haido Museum.
Let the music begin!
Eh?
(Presenter) Goodbye?
(Presenter) A little patience, please.
And now, a word from a collaborating genius, Hiroshi Agasa.
Come in, Doctor.
Good morning, today I introduce myself to all of you,
I am Dr. Hiroshi Agasa!
With the Tropical Rainbow, invented by me,
the end of this museum will take place with an explosion of colors.
-Eeeeeeeeeh?! - Eeeeeeeeeh ?!
What... What... what did he say?
I think explosion.
Hey, wait a minute... It can't be!
Sir, this big toe...
...with a band-aid on it means it's been injured.
That I have a wound does not mean anything!
-Endugui s the children and march! -Allow me a moment!
What do you think you're doing?!
I knew it!
Do you want to explain these punctures in my thumb?
Don... Well, as a matter of fact...
If we examine these wounds and the broken cactus spikes,
we'll know right away.
He took the cactus and put it out on the balcony after the crime.
Au, would you like to give us an answer?
Why is your blood the cactus
that the lady at the bar gave to Miss Muranishi,
the evening of the day of the crime, if you didn't see her that day?
That Takagi has gone in the building to see the crime scene?
Yes.
After examining the apartment, he went to see Mr. Kitagawa.
Right!
But what the hell is he doing, while chasing the fugitive?
We'd better get over there!
3 minutes to explosion!
The one who will press the button will be our friend, Dr. Agasa.
Yes?
Will you sit me down?
Sit me down?
No!
No battery!
What about the gun?
If it shoots maybe it would break the chain.
The water pipe, two shots.
The door, one.
To dissuade him, two shots.
I fired 5 shots!
Why did you save yourself on the sixth shot?
So that you could flee, it is obvious!
Where the hell did you get to, Takagi?!
Eh?
He won't take my call.
What the fuck will you do, Sato?
It's already after 10 o'clock!
Someone from the museum must have spotted them.
Yes.
Let's go anyway.
(Mermaid)
Takagi!
What the hell are you doing, thunder-boss!?!
Ah, Inspector Megure!
I've apprehended the real killer!
Give me, that!
Eh?!
The real killer?!
Mr. Kitagawa watched Miss Muranishi
repeatedly demanded that they get married and murdered her.
He's going to pin the crime on Mr. Toda, with whom he had a work rivalry.
Inspector!
Hurry up!
Go to the police station and arrange for Toda's release, please!
Yes... okay.
Hey, what about Sato?
It's with Mr. Toda at the Haido Museum.
They're immobilized.
Ha-ha-ha!
Stop joking around!
The museum should already be...
Come on, the time will soon come!
Come to my side to do the countdown with me!
That there is still someone inside the museum?
This is impossible!
Ah! (Phone) Hey, do you feel me?!
(Phone) Hey, can you feel me?!
Can you feel me?
What happened?
Pick up the phone!
Damn it!
We have no time left!
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Start the countdown:
Ten!
New!
Eight!
Seven!
Six!
Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
U!
Doctor Agasa!
(Thinking) We have arrived just in time.
(Thinking) Very good!
You can move now, Sato.
-And in... in Takagi?!
-It's there.
Satooooo!
Takagi!
-Satooooo! -Takagi!
Sa... Sato!
I did it!
I did it!
Sato!
Toilet-toilet-toilet, where are there toilets?!
I had to hold on since yesterday!
In these toilets there is no water!
I guess there are at the recreation center around the corner.
Sato...
-Inspector Takagi... -Yes?
Sato was crying.
Takaaagiiiiiiii?

You bastard, what have you done to the Miwachan?
What have I done to her?
What an exaggerated salary.
Sato!
Satooooo!
There was a marriage certificate in a matchbox?
Yes, by Mr. Kitagawa.
He had a copy of the key to the apartment.
I'm sure he wanted him to use those matches and surprise him.
Right, Conan?
Still... That Takagi got out...
Hard to believe he turned a case around in one night.
He didn't have a choice.
When the body was discovered,
they set everything up to make it look like he'd done it in Toda.
With what we knew, we could have thought he wasn't the killer in Toda,
and when we opened the investigation we saw it.
Well, he said it in Takagi!
Wow... What courage.
Ja can be shimmed!
In the end, Mr. Toda was able to board the plane on time.
But in return, Inspector Megure gave us a good booing.
(Imitates Megure) "Was it so hard for him to trust us?!"
About that... can I ask you something?
Sato, do you like... you, inspector Megure...?
Do you like Inspector Megure?
Oh, mother.
How did you know, you?
Actually, I did.
A... so it was true...
Because he's like a father to me!
Eh?
A father?
Yes, a father.
My father was also a policeman.
When I was in elementary school he died in the line of duty,
and I think of him often.
That's why, when I see Inspector Megure...
What's wrong with you?
Are you saying I have an Electra complex?
Eh, no... Well, I'm going with the father.
Oh, with Inspector Megure.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
"The next day, the demolition of the museum, which had been postponed,
was held without further delay."
"The Tropical Rainbow was a great success."
"And the play we were to perform
went from Yaiba the Masked to a detective story."
Father!
This is an inhuman crime.
This is a tragedy
caused by the obstacles that have closed the love of a father and daughter.
Between me and Ran there are untimely obstacles to give and sell.
The cause of death?
She has been pricked in the ear with a poisoned needle.
(Thinks) "Using this method,
he could murder Miss Kiyomi while preparing an alibi."
In the next chapter...
The circular line of silence
The clue to the next Conan is.... A pink pen!
The case unfolds in a circular line like Yamanote's!
The line of the egg?

