"It's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today's scenario is a circular train line."
"Neither the journey nor the case seems to have an end."
"His brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The circular line of silence
We missed the train.
Hmm... (Kogoro)
(Kogoro) Guys!
I told you to wait for me.
What a turtle.
(Think) We're fixed, with Kogoro.
I've finished the job, at least let me have a beer.
(He thinks) "Not even he believes it, this,
he just came to return an envelope that a customer had forgotten."
AAAI!
Good one!
Not too busy, is it, Conan?
Because it's Sunday night.
The neighborhood is full of offices, there are only people on weekdays.
(Boy) We couldn't even breathe today.
I'm sorry to have inconvenienced you.
Kiyomi entered last year and learned very quickly!
By the way, Kiyomi left in a hurry today.
Didn't she have an appointment?
Today is a holiday.
If it hadn't been from a who-knows-what, we wouldn't have worked on a holiday.
I'm sorry, I'll make it up to you.
I'll make it up to you another day.
Girl, you always say that.
Au, don't blame him with this bad mouth.
Go back to pampering the new workers.
It's always my turn to play the bad guy.
It's not true.
Come on, don't bother.
(Megaphone) Soon the train will be coming in on track two.
I'm going to buy a soda.
Hey, the train is coming.
It's all right.
Get on, I'm coming.
Oh, sir...
Conan!
Come on, get in!
Yes!
-You mean the Yukiko has gone up? -You mean the Yukiko has gone up? -She has a scary parsimony.
-Shall we look at it?
-Yes.
I don't know him!
What are you doing here?
Ah, Seiji, I came up at the last moment.
-I spilled a mica. -You donkey.
Yukiko, you made us suffer!
What's that?
Kiyomi!
-Yes, it's her. She was supposed to be home a while ago.
She fell asleep.
So, she went all the way around the circle line?
Actually, she was very tired.
Hey, Kiyomi!
Wake up!
Kiyomi!
Come on, come on!
(Shouting)
(shouting) Eh?
What the... What was that?
Allow me.
No pulse, this girl is dead.
Excuse me, did you know her, you guys?
-Yeah, we're... Yeah, we're... Hey, who are you?
Who am I?
I'm the very famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Kogoro Mouri?
That famous...?
Yes, yes, the famous one.
"His earlobe has been pricked with something."
"Besides, the ear is blackened, as if it had been pressed."
Guaita, Kogoro, this ear....
Mute and in the cage!
Eh?
The color of this ear looks like a reaction to some poison.
It looks like a murder.
Murder?!
Ran, alert the driver and the police!
Yes!
(Think) What is it, this mark?
Everybody stand back, gentlemen.
See that no one passes until the police arrive.
-Kiyomi... Don't touch the body, please!
Excuse me.
(Takagi) Inspector Megure...
We have taken note of the name and address of the passengers who got off.
He died at about 5:30 p.m. at 7:30 p.m.
(Takagi) Understood.
The body was found one and a half minutes after 8 o'clock.
This line takes one hour and 10 minutes to go around.
There is no doubt that he died inside the train.
That is to say, the victim died immediately after boarding,
and has made an entire lap.
The cause of death?
He was pricked in the ear with a needle impregnated with poison.
We found no external injuries or signs of a struggle.
It's the bag the victim was carrying.
Don't be sloppy, man!
Dis... excuse me.
Kogoro, wasn't this bag open from the beginning?
Mind your own business.
Wait...

So, it's possible that the killer took something out of the bag.
Inspector, there's the wallet.
There's nothing missing either, inside.
Now we should bring those 3 people in.
Maybe they've noticed something.
Inspector Takagi, you dropped something in there, too.
Ah, that's right.
Thank you, Conan.
We'd like you to take a look at your personal belongings.
Eh?
What about the other girl?
She's had quite a shock, with this incident.
No wonder.
We'll start the reconnaissance with you two.
Conan, don't be naughty.
We're on our way.
Come on, let's go.
But, I...
Girl, are you all right? Yes, I'm fine.
The items that Kiyomi was carrying?
It's impossible for her to know, that.
Seiji might know.
You asked her out many times and gave her gifts.
Is this true?
You went out with the victim?
No, he constantly refused me.
Gee, that's a perfect reason to resent someone.
I had no reason to!
Shizuka, what's wrong with you?
Calm down, calm down.
Normally, we get along very well, but since today this happened....
So, after finishing work, they went to dinner...
and only the late Miss Kiyomi left earlier, right?
Yes, Inspector.
You worked today, even though it's Sunday?
We do advertising design,
but because of a mistake I made yesterday,
we had to work on Sunday.
Where did you last see Miss Kiyomi?
At Nibangai station.
All 3 of us accompanied her.
Did you notice anything strange?
We said goodbye where they validate tickets, but we didn't notice anything.
This happened at about half past five o'clock 7.
And you were together when the body was discovered, weren't you, Mr. Kurata?
Do you know of anyone who resented her for any reason?
Mr. Kurata, we know she was rejecting you.
You are the most suspicious.
You can't be serious!
Also... Yukiko!
You hated her because she took your boyfriend!
No, I didn't hate her!
And you, Shizuka, you told me she stole a design from you!
What are you saying?
Ah, so everyone here had a motive.
Mouri, don't be hasty.
He died around half past five on the 7th.
That's when we split up at the station.
Yes.
He died immediately after.
And you, have you been together all the time?
Yes, we all had dinner together.
We went to the usual restaurant.
You can check it out.
Well, since you have an alibi,
we'll rule you off the suspect list.
It must be the work of a bad guy who attacks people.
We're running background checks on each of the passengers.
The killer could have gotten mixed up with those people.
So let us examine their personal belongings.
"Why did he kill her on the train?"
"What's more, he pricked her ear."
"That ear was split open as if it had been crushed by something."
"For the work of an evildoer, I don't find it normal."
They could think of no reason why anyone would wish to attack the Kiyomi.
"A minidisc player and headphones with a twisted side."
"The contents are well indicated on the labels on the sides."
"The index stickers on the minidisc."
"Eh? Which is strange..."
"The front stickers are not attached."
"This color... Of course!"
"Earlier, something made me uneasy."
"Indeed!"
"Using this method he could assassinate the Kiyomi
while preparing an alibi."
"There is no doubt that the murderer is that person!"
"If my reading is correct, the murderer is that person."
"But I lack evidence."
Haven't you finished examining our personal items?
Patience.
We are about to finish.
We haven't taken any personal items from her bag!
Put an end to this situation.
Let them be, Shizuka.
The inspector is just doing his job.
(Thinking) It is...
-Oooh! -Aaah!
What the fuck are you doing, kid?!
Excuse me.
These things are not done, Conan!
I'm very sorry, Seiji.
I'm sorry, sir.
That's all right.
Since I sweat heavily, I always carry my change of clothes.
Can you take my change of clothes out of my things?
Yes, I guess it's all right.
Takagi.
This is not done!
You have to behave properly!

I'm going to apologize to her.
Sir, the late Miss Kiyomi was very friendly with everyone, wasn't she?
Yes, before, we all got on a rampage and said we detested her.
But we don't have a bad relationship.
We all get along well enough.
I thought so.
The Yukiko dropped Kiyomi's minidisc player on the Yukiko
and ruined it, but she didn't get angry at all.
Yukiko and Kiyomi were the ones who carried more.
They might have fought because she took the boyfriend in the Yukiko.
You are too small to understand.
The Kiyomi ascended to Nibangai like us, right?
But the Kiyomi was the second car.
It's normal that she would have climbed
the carriage closest to the ticket validating machines.
Why did she have to go to all that trouble to run so fast?
The machines at the exit of the station where she got off were in front of the second car.
were in front of the second car.
And it made us go all the way to the second car.
Aaaaah...
(Think) "Everyone knew that Kiyomi always traveled in the second car."
"I've got it, I've solved all the riddles."
We have finished examining your personal items.
We are sorry to have wasted your time.
You may now take your personal items.
If you think of anything, please let us know.
Ah!
I'll finally get started...
Just a moment!
But we cannot allow them to leave. (Kogoro voice)
Why do you say that?
Oh!
Do that posture!
The assassin is not an evil one who attacks on a whim.
He has killed one of them!
One of us is the murderer?
The murder weapon is with his personal belongings.
Just a moment, Mouri.
What do you mean? We have an alibi!
Yes, we were having dinner!
But this didn't make it impossible to murder Miss Kiyomi.
First, the murderer, who knew that Kiyomi would leave earlier,
checked what time she was getting on the train when she was seeing her off,
to find out what time the train would return with her dead.
Afterwards, he had dinner with the others to have an alibi.
When he returned, he retrieved the murder weapon.
The murder weapon?
What is it, the murder weapon?
(Kogoro voice) Can't you think of it?
An object commonly used and worn in the ears.
It's true!
If you put a needle in a pair of headphones...
That's right!
In other words, you're the murderer,
Miss Yukiko Mori!
You have damaged the Kiyomi's minidisc player
and left her,
with the poisoned needle stuck in her headphones!
Then you pretended that you were going to buy a soft drink,
but she was going to the front carriage to retrieve the murder weapon.
"Yukiko knew that Kiyomi was traveling in the second car,
and therefore, retrieving the murder weapon would not cost her much."
"But one of the wires got caught on the victim's shoulder
and due to the tugging, an earpiece has twisted."
That's right, the earpiece is twisted.
There has been the mark of the headphone cable on the shoulder. (Kogoro voice)
And the ears open as if something had pressed on her,
obvious proof that she was wearing headphones.
I went to buy a soda.
I don't remember doing anything like that!
Before her companions, struck by the discovery of the body,
you've pulled the collar of her dress tight for some reason.
You probably also got caught on the headphone cable
and the collar has been pulled up.
You had planned to retrieve the murder weapon and leave the body there.
"But at that moment, Mr. Seiji has arrived."
"Then he made it clear that he had discovered the body with them
and stoically stayed at the scene."
In other words, the victim himself stuck the poisoned needle in himself.
But why did the train do it?
So that on Sunday night, this line does not have many travelers.
"In the second car almost no one gets on.
It was necessary to recover the murder weapon after preparing the alibi."
It's true.
And besides, with so few people getting on the train,
it was easy to pin the crime on a gangster.
He made it look like he was making a mistake on the job
so he'd have to catch the train the next day.
Do you have proof of that?
He's right.
There's no needles or anything like it.
The needle would be in that handkerchief you dried the can with, wouldn't it?

I've seen fragments of the ear sponge.
I've been sitting here the whole time.
You haven't seen it?
When they had to examine her personal belongings,
she said she was unwell and was left alone.
It was imperative that she be left alone to pull out the needle.
May we see the handkerchief, miss?
Yes.
It's useless to look at it, Inspector.
It's a small needle.
She must have thrown it somewhere.
Therefore, we have only your deduction, but no proof.
Yes.
The proof will be found inside the minidisc player.
It's got prints on it, because we were friends!
And I didn't leave it with him today!
Well, then, would you mind taking the disc out of the player?
Is that all right, miss?
"Thank you, Yukiko. Kiyomi."
That she didn't leave it.
That's what she said, isn't it?
How can it be understood that there is a message dated today written on the disk,
if she was so sure that she hadn't left it?
And even more, written with the pen that was among her things.
Yes, the color of these letters is the same as the color of the pen found among her things.
as that of the pen found among the victim's belongings.
Yes, Miss Kiyomi has left you a message. (Kogoro voice)
She must not even have imagined that you wanted to kill her.
Kiyomi...
I couldn't stand it anymore, I couldn't stand it anymore.
You had taken my boyfriend.
Today, I thought you were doing well because it was his birthday,
and so...
That's why he decided to kill her today.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Takagi, did you find out how he got that poison?
Yes.
It's an alkaloid with immediate lethal effects
with which they smear blowgun arrows in South America.
It was procured on a recent trip
and has impregnated a small needle.
Just to identify the poison alone has already taken us an eternity.
Mouri, if you hadn't solved the case, we wouldn't have found the way out.
Eh ?!
Ah... Ha-ha-ha... Blowgun poison, of course.
Well, the truth is, I figured as much.
Oh! (Laughs)
You guessed that too?
You look extraordinary, Mouri!
(Think) You don't even see my anesthetic darts coming, man.
As you say ?!
Could you repeat that?!
Mr. Oda!
(Thinking) This rope...
From there the feet don't reach the railing!
Yes, it's suicide!
(Thinking) No.
This is murder!
In the next chapter...
The mysterious legend of the pagoda, part one
The clue to the next Conan is... A rope!
In the next case, the terrifying legend of a mysterious pagoda!

