"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today we will visit a secluded pagoda
and witness an impossible crime based on a legend."
"His brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The Mysterious Legend of the Pagoda, part 1
How nice!
It's going well, coming to these places, isn't it?
Yes!
Thanks to you, who won the tour in a raffle.
Yes, but you were the one who guessed the riddle.
(Thinking) It was so easy that I could have done it with my eyes closed.
Father!
Come on, Father!
You're not fooling me!
It's very boring, all this.
More than a pleasure trip seems a torture.
This that when he learned that he would travel for free he was glad.
Go visit you, this temple.
I'm going back to the hotel.
Excuse me, but inside the temple it is forbidden to smoke.
Ah!
Oh!
Well... Excuse me, sir.
That's all right.
I understand that a place like this must be boring for sightseeing.
And now!
In a big city it's hard to see such beautiful places.
It's as if it purifies your spirit.
Wow.
For such a young man, he says some very nice things.
If you want, I can show you the temple.
Hey!?
You're serious?
I'll pass!
Don't be so ungrateful, Father!
Let's go!
Let's go!
This temple was founded more than 400 years ago.
More than 400 years?
How old!
That's why there are traces of many ancient times.
One of the examples of this trace
is that a well from the Edo period is preserved in the garden of the great pagoda.
Why is it not used?
Well, it suddenly dried up.
It is said that a girl who had had a heartbreak in love
spent three days sitting by the well, crying.
When her tears dried up, the water ran out.
(Think) What nonsense!
There is also a terrible legend about this pagoda.
Is that so?
A terrible legend?
At the beginning of the Edo period, there was a young monk.
The priest had high hopes for him to succeed him.
But the monk fell in love with a girl from the village
and, breaking the Buddhist precepts, he left the temple
to run away with his sweetheart.
Then, by a divine curse,
an eagle and hung him on the top of the highest roof.
Oysters!
And that's not all.
There was a priest who led a very dissipated life.
He sold the utensils of the house
to spend the money on drink and women.
One fine day he disappeared.
After a few days,
he was found hanging on the top of the highest roof of the pagoda.
Since then, it is said that if anyone breaks the Buddhist precepts, the pagoda's curse will fall.
the pagoda's curse will fall on him.
Why... why are you making this scary face?
Aah! My mother!
Aah!
Mr. Tankas!
Calm down, guys.
It's the temple priest.
Eh!?
The priest?
Gee, what are they coming to investigate, with children, this time?
Wait a minute, master!
They're just tourists.
Don't worry.
They give me a bad feeling!
Can we trust them?
No one enters without permission.
They just want to do a little sightseeing...
You're a fool!
Have you forgotten that it's tourism, that we're like this?
Aah... yes, he is right.
Anyway, the divine punishment will fall on the infidels!
The divine punishment of the curse...
What's wrong with the priest?
This temple has become the property of a touristic company
that wants to build a theme park on this land.
So, you mean that all this will change?
That's right.
The priest says that she has been deceived and is against it.
That's why he treats the tourists this way.
Well indeed a grain too much!
Look at that scare people!
Let's go!
One moment, Father!
Excuse me.
He gets angry for nothing.
Don't worry about it.

In fact, it's our fault, miss.
Let me ask you a question, is your father Detective Mouri?
Well... actually, yes he is.
Wow!
So he's the great detective Mouri!
Aah!
My grandchildren won't believe it, when I explain it to them.
It's a great honor to be invited to dinner, Mr. Kajimura.
No, the honor goes to us.
We have just opened the hotel,
and having such a famous person visit us will be good publicity.
If I can help you in any way, just let me know.
It's a beautiful hotel, very luxurious.
Yes, sir!
I am very pleased that you like it, Mr. Mouri.
Next year, the theme park will already be ready,
then the environment will be much nicer.
Wow!
Ten cost a lot of money, all this fuss.
Well, about 8 billion yen.
But when it's up and running,
I expect to make about 20 billion a year.
Wow, that's a lot of money!
Oh, I forgot.
I'm the hotel manager... and I'd like to...
Don't interrupt us now, Kajimura!
You didn't realize that Inspector Mouri was in the hotel...
until the Okabe told you...
Where's your head, incompetent?
I'll talk to you later.
I'm very sorry, Mr. Oda.
You're leaving for Tokyo tonight, aren't you?
Don't you have anything to prepare?
Ah.
Mr... Mr. Mouri, I hope you have a pleasant stay.
My goodness, how useless!
Well, forgive me.
About that... What were we saying?
I see you're strict with the staff...
Yes, I don't let the slightest thing pass.
Wow.
It's a diamond, the thing with the needle in the tie?
Ah, yes, but it's no big deal.
It's only 5 carats.
My goodness!
5 carats, you say?
That's nothing!
Father, please behave, we're embarrassed.
It's all right.
What he does is to react spontaneously.
(Thinking) Well, if this is spontaneity...
Mr. Director, I'll bring you the cigar.
-Hey!
And the ticket?
-Ah, yes, sorry.
Don't you know that expenses must be justified?
Come on!
You go around the world with so much money on you?
But this is just small change.
I don't like credit cards.
You must be happy with what you've done, right?
Why, the son of the monk of Genkai Temple!
Have you finished your studies at Sohonzan?
He cheated my father, who doesn't know how these things go,
but he won't get away with it!
Hey, don't say things that aren't true.
He agreed to the deal.
Stop it!
He has cajoled her by telling her that in order to preserve the environment,
the best thing to do was to take it into his company's ownership.
I intend to denounce him and do everything necessary to prevent it!
You have been warned.
Is that all you wanted to tell me, son?
Can't you see I'm having dinner with some guests?
If you want, come to the office tomorrow.
If you think that this will shut me up, you're very wrong!
Leave me alone!
I'm sorry you have to witness these things.
Are there problems with those who run the temple?
There are things that are not understood.
There are those who accuse us of wanting to damage the environment of the ruinous temple
just because we have designed a tourism development plan.
They do not realize that with the income the temple will also gain.
It is true that in this temple,
when something strange is done there is a curse?
Conan!
Don't say that, now.
Ha-ha-ha!
Yes, I know it, this legend.
More than one has already warned me to be very careful.
But I intend to use it
to attract visitors to the new temple facilities.
(Thinking) Wow, how cold-blooded!
(Phone)
Yes?
Detective Mouri's office.
Hello.
This is the Okabe, what made them guide.
It's terrible!
There's been a curse!
What is it?
As you say?
A curse?
Come to the temple at once!
Hey, hey, hey!
Just a moment!
Don't hang up!
Hey, hey, hey!
Mr. Mouri, quick, quick!
Hey, at least tell me what happened!
There's been a creepy curse!
Hurry up!
(Say a prayer)
What do you mean, a curse!
If this is only a prayer!
It's horrifying!
Look up there!
Mr. Oda!
It was a curse!
We have finished the investigation.
We will now proceed to lower the corpse, Inspector.
Tell me exactly what happened.

The victim tied a rope to the railing of the fifth floor,
passed it over one end of the roof and hung himself.
The victim is Mr. Hideaki Oda,
the head of a tourism promotion company.
A detective checked his identity.
-A detective?
What is his name?
-It's me, Inspector Yokomizo!
Eh?
Detective Mouri!
Wow!
Long time no see!
-What are you doing here?
-Look, it's just a coincidence of life. -It's too early to make a verdict.
It's too early to make a verdict, but what do you think?
It's a suicide, isn't it?
It's a strange set of circumstances,
but there's nothing to suggest it could be murder.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
First of all, Mr. Oda weighed less than 100 kilograms.
A normal person can't carry him up to the fifth floor on his shoulders.
And, assuming he could, the stairs are very narrow.
I could have dragged him up, too,
but his clothes would have been ruined and his body would have wounds.
And there's no sign.
Oh, my goodness!
He's worked hard, Mouri!
And how do you think he could have got there?
A little more, a little more!
All right, enough!
(thinks) "Eh? How's this? A freshly made scratch."
"The rope is new, but there are frayed pieces."
What now?
How do we get it down?
It won't go!
If he doesn't reach with his feet on the railing, it's impossible to...
Hey, kid!
What are you doing here?
Pull it down before it annoys me!
Ah!
I got lost, Mr. Olic.
I was looking for the toilet.
Isn't it this way?
That's strange.
Where is it?
-Who was it, this kid? -No idea. -No idea.
As there wasn't enough dust inside the pagoda,
we couldn't check for Mr. Oda's footsteps.
According to the autopsy, Mr. Oda did not have any external injuries
and died of asphyxiation due to pressure on his neck.
Therefore, she died from the rope, which strangled her.
Death must have occurred between 3 and 4 am.
She lived in a suite at the Hotel Oda, which she used as an office.
Mr. Oda left at 2/4 of 3.
He must have come directly here discreetly.
It will be difficult to find witnesses.
And the will?
We haven't found it yet.
Mr. Oda!
Mr. Oda!
What a disgrace!
Why did you do it?
Why didn't you wait a bit?
Excuse me, who are you?
My name is Yosuka Kajimura.
I'm the manager of the Oda Hotel.
-Yesterday night you weren't here. -That's right.
I had to leave.
Can you think of any reason that would have pushed Mr. Oda to commit suicide?
Man, as a matter of fact, I had to leave
to attend to a matter related to the company's funds...
If it hadn't gone well,
we would have had to file for receivership.
Both I and Mr. Oda were very worried.
Yesterday he was carrying a big wad of bills.
Mr. Oda had a lot of self-respect, he didn't want to show weaknesses.
In fact, he rather liked to show off....
But since he was threatened
of denouncing him for the problems with the temple,
he was very affected.
He was very sensitive.
Have you seen this?
He doesn't have his wallet on him.
The wallet?
Among the personal items there was no wallet.
Don't you find it strange?
Even if he hasn't changed his clothes, he's not carrying his wallet like yesterday.
Shrike!
Where have you seen someone carrying money to commit suicide?
Don't meddle where you're not wanted?
And he's not wearing a tie needle, either!
Heavy!
Are you all right, Conan?
Don't get in their way when they're investigating.
What did he say, this nano, about the needle tie?
Ah.
Last night he wore one with a 5 carat diamond.
It's true that he no longer has the door.
So he may have been the victim of a robbery.
If it had been a robbery,
it wouldn't have done her any good to give her valuables knowing she was going to die.
But we cannot rule out the hypothesis of suicide.
If someone had tried to strangle her with the rope,
seeing that she was drowning, she would have tried to pull it out.
and she would have been left with marks made with her fingernails.
Assuming that it was a murder,
how is it possible to hang the victim to the last roof?
If it is not a suicide,
it must be some far from the reach of any person.

If there is a culprit, it must be a divine curse!
(Priest) It is a curse!
Divine punishment has fallen on the infidels!
I'm Inspector Yokomizo of the Shizuoka Police.
Who the hell are you?
Speak up!
My name is Tankas and I am the high priest of this temple.
-I'm his son, Shunkai. I'm Okabe, maintenance.
Okabe, maintenance.
What were you doing, between 3:00 and 4:00 in the morning?
What are you insinuating, Inspector?
Isn't it suicide?
Well, it's not quite sure yet.
Besides, the victim's valuables are missing.
Are you accusing us, who are Buddhists, of theft?
What did you think?
No.
I just want you to explain what you were doing between 3 and 4 o'clock.
Maybe you'd like me to tell you that I saw this Pocapena,
but no, I was reciting sutras, at that time.
Sutras?
You mean you were praying at that time?
I had a feeling that there would be a curse, sooner or later!
Caram.
A curse... And you, Shunkai?
Where were you?
Well, I was asleep.
I woke up at 5 o'clock.
And then the Okabe came to give me the news.
My blood ran cold and I immediately called detective Mouri.
How is it, that a detective is called before the police?
He was Mr. Oda's right-hand man.
He is the one who introduced him to me.
He... Mr. Tankas!
He convinced me that if more tourists came,
the temple would gain.
He fooled me too!
You too?
The Oda deceive the priest and took his property.
So, they have reason to hold a grudge against Mr. Oda.
So what if we had a grudge against him?
According to this detective, we can not rule out the hypothesis of suicide,
and there's no one to blame in a suicide, is there, Inspector?
But we still don't know if it was suicide.
Well, you'd better decide!
I can't stand that this rabble disturbs the peace of this sacred place!
(Thinking) "Yes, the wallet and the tie needle are missing, but we can only think it was suicide,
but one can only think it was suicide."
"But something doesn't fit!"
"He's got a dirty elbow!"
"It's grass!"
"Maybe it's fallen on the elbow."
"The heels of his shoes are muddy with mud!"
"What does it look like?"
"Wait a minute!"
"This rope is worn out! Let's see if..."
"It's here! The tie needle!"
"Surely this is the scene of the crime!"
"If my deductions are correct,
Mr. Oda has not committed suicide!"
"She has been killed!"
"Surely the murderer is the one who said that!"
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Right to the railing the neck does not reach the rope?
So, has not committed suicide!
Well, let's say it was a murder.
Let's suppose it was murder.
How would Mr. Oda have hung to the rope,
if there were more than two feet to go?
(He thinks) "It's the head that was tied to the railing."
"Why is there a noose?"
In the next chapter...
The mysterious legend of the pagoda, part two.

