"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today, the solution to the mysterious legend!"
"The set-up and evidence exceeds all expectations!"
"His brain of an adult and he is...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
"To Izu, we came to a temple where there was a pagoda."
"We learned that the area was the subject of a tourism development plan
and that there were problems with the development company."
"The next day, Hideaki Oda, director of the tourism company,
appeared hanging on the highest roof of the pagoda,
just like the creepy legend of the temple."
An evil spell!
(He thinks) "Surely this is the site of the crime!"
"If my deductions are correct, she hasn't committed suicide!"
"She has been killed!"
"Surely the murderer is the one who said that!"
The mysterious legend of the pagoda, part two.
Listen to me!
What the hell are you doing here, kid?
Look, isn't this Mr. Oda's tie needle?
What's that?
What do you think, detective?
Would you say it's Mr. Oda's?
Yes, I'm sure it is.
There aren't so many steps with such a big diamond.
Mr. Kajimura, can you confirm if it's Mr. Oda's needle?
Yes!
It is definitely Mr. Oda's.
Didn't they call us thieves?
Listen, surely the wallet is this way too.
Why don't you search well?
This proves, therefore, that it was not a robbery.
At the time of suicide, it must have fallen to this area.
But, detective, inside the pagoda there are at least 10 meters and more!
It is not far, to imagine that it has fallen to him when he committed suicide?
It may also have happened that Oda has planted here
doubting whether he should commit suicide or not, and then it fell on him.
But tie needles do not fall so easily.
Something!
Mr. Oda has the elbow of his jacket covered in grass.
How is it?
Isn't it true that the needle was here surrounded by grass?
I get it.
It's a patch of this grass.
He must have fought with someone and it must have fallen here.
Also, when they wanted to lower the body, the rope wasn't long enough,
and the Ode couldn't stand up on the railing.
Eh?
Is it true that when you unloaded her, her feet didn't reach the railing?
Yes.
It was more than two feet short, inspector.
You don't understand this!
Wow!
Without standing on the railing, it's impossible for her to have committed suicide!
Detective Mouri, how should we interpret this?
I don't understand why you say so.
I don't see any problem.
What do you mean by that?
Explain yourself.
After much thought,
Mr. Oda decided to commit suicide and climbed the pagoda.
He thought that even if he was short of rope, he wouldn't go back.
He jumped and put his neck through the rope.
But there are circumstances that point to murder.
Well, let's suppose it was murder, then.
(Mouri) "Somebody would have had to knock Mr. Oda unconscious
and he would have had to carry him on his shoulders or drag him up the stairs,
down stairs that were too narrow."
However, neither in the pagoda nor on the body are there any signs to indicate that this was the case.
that would indicate that this was the case.
Besides, how would he have hung him on the rope if there were two spans missing?
Ah, well!
I see that it is almost impossible for it to have been a murder.
Yes!
Mr. Oda must have committed suicide,
otherwise, there's no way to explain how he could have been hanged.
(laughs)
It seems to me that our helplessness has been made sufficiently clear!
It is impossible for humans to understand the divine anger!
They will have to leave with their tails between their legs.
(Think) "Yes, there are obscure points,
but there is evidence to rule out the hypothesis of suicide."
"Now, there is no doubt that this is a murder."

"The problem is: how did he do it, the killer, to hang it up there?"
"As long as he doesn't know the method, they'll think it's a suicide."
"It's the head he had tied to the railing."
"Why is there a noose?"
"Ah! I've got it! He's done it by this method!"
"I've already figured out how he hung it!"
"This way, the rope can be tied to the railing..."
Hey, boy!
Don't touch any of this!
Sorry.
(thinks) "If my deductions are correct,
there should be that here."
"Yes, it is!"
"He has used this method to make it look like suicide."
"There are signs of the rubbing."
"An evil spell?"
"He has taken advantage of the legend to compose a terrible set-up."
"All that remains is for me to find the evidence to prove that it was him."
It was a strange suicide, but with this the case is closed.
There's something that doesn't add up for me.
Well, here we go again?
Well, put in the report that he died because of a curse!
You're joking, aren't you?
If I write this, I've already drunk oil.
Of it...
Can I go back to the hotel, Inspector?
With all this, the employees must be shocked.
You're right.
Yes, well, well.
But leave us a phone number where we can reach you, please.
You can always find me at the hotel.
Aaah!
(Thinking) What a wad of cash!
Ah, thank you very much, my boy, thank you.
Look, the number is the same.
Understood.
Mr. Kajimura, I see you're carrying a wad of bills.
Is it Mr. Oda's wallet?
No, no, and now!
Mr. Oda's wallet was a different color.
This money is for the hotel bellboys.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Just kidding, man!
Oh, gee, don't scare me!
Now that Mr. Oda is dead,
we'll have to renegotiate the matter of the park.
Ah... Well, if the works are stopped immediately,
the company will go bankrupt
and then perhaps we will be able to return the property to them in a short time.
What?
Are you serious?
Yes.
Mr. Oda entrusted me with the sale documents.
With what's happened, we'd better get them back to the temple.
How nice, Mr. Tankas!
I see you are a reasonable man.
I have changed my opinion of you.
Don't thank me.
With the temple property the misunderstanding has been mutual.
As a reward for Mr. Oda's last good deed, I will recite a sutra for him.
Very well.
So I can go back to Sohonzan at ease, Father.
If I leave now, I'll be back in the afternoon.
I will take care of tidying up the pagoda.
(Thinking) "I've already found it!"
"It's an irrefutable clue!"
"The murderer is who I thought he was!"
Inspector Yokomizo, what should we do now?
Detective Mouri...
It's clear that it was suicide.
If you say so, so be it.
They dragged me out of bed in the morning.
I'm sleepy!
I'm going back to the hotel for a nap.
Aah... Here we go again...
(Thinking) I'll put the loudspeaker on his forehead.
What can we do...
It was suicide.
We can fold now.
(Kogoro voice) Just a moment!
Inspector Yokomizo, there's nothing to do with you, eh?
Eh?
With me?
What do you mean?
You haven't even noticed the clues coming out.
It's not a suicide, but a murder!
Gee, you see how yes?
I thought so!
But why didn't you tell me until now?
(Kogoro voice) Because I wanted you to guess it yourself.
Oh, did you?
(Kogoro voice) I'm sorry.
It's just that I'm such a brick...
What's up with that.
Now I'll tell you the deductions that led me to this conclusion.
Inspector Yokomizo, I want to conduct an experiment.
May I count on the help of your agents, please?
Of course you can.
-Listen up!
Get ready! (At the same time) Yes, sir!
First of all, put a sack of the approximate weight of the Ode to Grass.
On one end of the sack, tie a string
and pass-through the end of the highest roof.
From the roof,
pass it over the railing until it reaches the ground,
and tie it to some iron beams that you will place at the mouth of the well.
Have one end of the beams supported by an iron bar,
so that they can fall easily.
Here.
Come, inspector, now stretch this rope tight. (Kogoro voice)
(All) Oooooh!
He's hung like Mr. Oda!

What do you think?
This is the true nature of the curse!
(Mouri voice) "The rope has worn out from rubbing on the end of the roof."
"That's why, even though it's new it's all frayed!"
The fact that we have found the needle of the tie in that piece of grass
makes us think that the crime has been committed there.
But how did the murderer do it to put the rope around his neck?
Mr. Oda must have resisted.
but according to the autopsy there was no assault.
Very well, that's a good question.
But let's continue the explanation in the order of how it all went.
First of all, last night the murderer had Oda come here.
"He waited for the right moment to surprise him from behind,
and put the rope around his neck."
"He's going to tighten the rope to make the iron beams fall into the well."
A few seconds would pass until the rope pulled the Ode,
that he would have taken advantage of to remove the rope from his neck.
To avoid this, the murderer would have to make him fall by tripping him.
(Mouri voice) "In the dark, anyone can bring down someone so burly."
"That's when Mr. Oda got grass on his elbow."
"The tie needle also fell on him at this time."
"And, before he could pull it out, the rope pulled up."
There is no doubt that Mr. Oda fell.
If it hadn't, he wouldn't have the back of his shoes dirty with mud.
I get it!
But... Wait a minute, detective!
By this you mean that there has been more than one murderer?
What makes you think so, Inspector Yokomizo?
Tell us your reasoning.
Mr. Oda weighed over 100 kilos!
Even if the killer had wanted to tie the rope to the railing,
he couldn't have wrapped it around his hand and stretched it.
By the time he cut it,
the rope would have tightened and slipped away.
A person could not tie the rope to the railing.
It is not impossible.
One person can do it.
What do you say, now!
How can this be?
Well, by tying a loop to the piece of rope that goes through the railing, inspector.
A loop?!
Just tie a knot in the form of a loop in the middle of the rope.
I've already explained how to do it to the officer on the roof.
Hey, hey, hey!
Cut the rope and tie it to the railing!
Okay, okay, okay.
First, you take the loop and put it on the inside of the railing,
put a bar through the loop so that it doesn't unravel.
and cut the rope on the outside.
Pass the cut head through the loop and tie it.
Inspector!
The rope is tied to the railing!
You have done it all by yourself!
After that, just wind up the piece of rope cut out of the earth
and throw it into the well.
Thus, the set-up to make believe that it is a suicide is perfect.
The murderer has only made one mistake:
he did not calculate that in the Ode he would be about two feet short of the ground.
This allowed me to realize that the supposed suicide was a set-up.
Who could have devised this trick?
It must be someone who knows the temple perfectly well!
What?
You mean the murderer must be one of us?
That's right!
The one who killed Mr. Oda...
was Mr. Kajimura!
But what are you saying, Mr. Mouri?
I don't know you at all, this temple.
You are the manager of the Oda Hotel,
but you are also the manager of the tourism promotion company.
For the construction of the theme park
you will have seen many maps of the temple with the data:
the height of the pagoda, the distance to the well....
Wasn't it you who ordered the workers to leave the beams next to the well?
to leave the beams next to the well?
For the assembly!
Po... maybe yes, I did order them to do so,
but we needed it for the works.
Besides, as you know, I wasn't here last night!
So, how do you know what happened the night between Shunkai and Oda?
This morning, when you arrived, you said that.
But since yesterday you were threatened
to denounce you for the problems with the temple,
he was very upset.
In Shunkai he came back last night, just as you were leaving, right?
How do you know what happened?
Well... Mr. Oda called me on my cell phone.
I was in Tokyo, and alheshors... It's not true!
He found out here at the temple!
Precisely when Mr. Oda called to kill him!

Don't talk nonsense!
If you dare to say this, prove it!
Do you have the proof that I was here yesterday?
You have the proof yourself.
The definitive proof!
Are you serious, detective Mouri?
Yes, I am.
Look at Mr. Kajimura's wallet.
Will you show it to me, please?
Mr. Oda's fingerprints are on the bills...
because he gave them to me.
This is not evidence!
Detective Mouri, where is it, the evidence?
It must be among the bills.
A ticket!
A ticket?
From it... Oda Hotel ticket.
September 12, 19 hours and 40 minutes.
It's for a cigar.
That's right, Mr. Kajimura!
It's the ticket for the cigar Mr. Oda ordered last night.
If you left for Tokyo before this time,
why do you have the ticket Mr. Oda took?
There is a simple explanation for this:
after killing him he must have found the wallet in the grass
and he must have kept the tip money in it
without realizing that among the bills there was this ticket.
He didn't notice it, Mr. Kajimura.
On the ticket you will see that there are Mr. Oda's fingerprints.
What do you think, Mr. Kajimura?
Even if you want to keep making excuses?
Being found out for a trifle like this...
What was your motive?
Tax evasion.
When the company started to go bad,
Mr. Oda asked me to evade taxes.
He took advantage of it and made it look like everything was going well,
but all he wanted to do was to make me take all the blame
if the fraud was discovered.
Is that why he killed you?
That's exactly right.
After working so hard for the company,
I didn't want to be used as a scapegoat in any way.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
It's a good thing we were going on a pleasure trip!
How come we always come across cases with you, father?
How should I know, me?
Maybe you're being haunted by some evil spell.
Since we're in a temple, why don't you have them bless you?
You fool!
I'm a private detective!
It's normal for me to find cases!
It's how I earn my bread!
Solving other people's problems!
Detectives and cases always go together.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Watch out, father!
It's true that Kogoro has no shortage of problems.
(Thinking) "Eh!? Oysters!"
"If the killer had come in from the canal there would have been water on the floor."
"Now I understand why he did that!"
In the next chapter...
A murderer dragged by the water

