"She's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"We're going to a bit of a strange restaurant today."
"The water in the canal will wash away a crime."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
An assassin dragged through the water
It's more than half an hour before the time we reserved the table!
As there are so many people, if you arrive late, they will cancel your reservation.
I've had enough of waiting!
And I'm starving!
-Sake for room 4!
Hurry up! -All right!
That's it.
Go ahead!
(Think) "A restaurant where boats carry the dishes."
"I can see why it's successful."
What do you like?
Well, we have bigger ones.
And when the boat is already?
When the customers have the dishes,
they press the button in the room and the boat comes back.
Wow, what a system!
Excuse me...
We have a room reserved.
Room 8, in the name of Mr. Kaneda, right?
Eh?
Hey, Kaneda...
It'll be another Kaneda.
(Hey, Kaneda, Arai!
How come you're so late?
I'm tired of waiting too!
I'm sorry.
This Kaneda, he never ends.
-Hey, I'm sorry. It wasn't me, I wanted to come.
The professor invited us to celebrate your appointment,
I beg your pardon.
Just because we're from the same class
doesn't mean that you can treat me as you like.
Call me Professor Kaneda.
Is that clear, teacher's assistant?
It comes out of the middle!
Hey, pretty girl, what's the most expensive thing you have?
Blowfish eggs.
Take us for 3.
You're okay with that, right, professor?
Ah, yes, yes, sure...
Today is your party, dear Professor Kaneda.
-Please, blowfish eggs for 3. -All right, Mr. Iwama.
What, are we going to the living room, guys?
What a guy, this Kaneda.
He's a very repellent individual.
How come Professor Iwama always orders so much food?
-He's strange. He likes to keep the table full.
Yes, but he always leaves more than half.
Come on, I'm starving, guys.
(thinks) Those college guys are together.
(Kogoro) Oh!
It's coming!
What a big boat!
Now that's a good dinner!
Eh?
Gee, it wasn't for us...
As soon as you eat, Professor!
It's fantastic!
Let's celebrate properly.
By the way, where did you get into Kaneda?
It must be the washroom.
He'll be right back.
Aiiiiiiiii... Boníssiiiiiiiim!
What, Conan, do you like this sashimi?
Very much!
(Professor) Where did you go?
I dropped my contact lens!
Aah!
It's all spilled!
Ah, I got it.
What luck!
For teachers they're kind of scandalous, these.
Aah!
What a feast!
Just to have a geisha would be paradise.
Come on, father!
(Think) Hey, what's up, you scoundrel!
I was joking, my daughter!
What is it, curious.
Ran, there's no more sake!
Order another bottle!
One is enough for you.
Enjoy your dinner and eat.
(Thinking) Gee, this girl has come out looking like her mother.
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Somebody come here!
What's the matter? (A door opens)
What happened?
This gentleman... in here...
(Thinking) What?
It's death!
Ka... Kaneda!
It's well dead.
She's been murdered!
Miss, please call the police.
Professor Iwama, what's wrong?
Listen.
Kaneda is dead.
It looks like he's been murdered.
Ladies and gentlemen, there has been a murder!
Please, nobody move until the police arrive!
I suppose the police will want to question you.
Please be so kind as to cooperate!
(Thinking) "That it's fallen at this angle...
means that Kaneda has stood up to receive the assassin
and that he fell when he was stabbed in the chest."

"If the killer had entered from the canal there would be water on the ground,
but it's nowhere to be seen..."
"What is it, that black stuff on his finger?"
"This smell..."
How many times do I have to tell you that it doesn't hang around the crime scene!
The victim is Mr. Keizo Kaneda, 29 years old,
a professor in the Department of Physics at Jomon University.
He received a stab wound to the heart.
He died at about 7:50 pm.
The restaurant workers have an alibi.
They were colleagues of the victim: Professors Iwama and Arai.
We were celebrating Kaneda's appointment as a professor in the department.
We thought she had gone to the toilet...
and we found her here...
And who was there, by any chance?
Myself, Detective Kogoro Mouri, at your service, Mr. Inspector.
You're the one who found the victim, aren't you, Miss Anzai?
Yes, I am...
Since he hadn't asked for anything, I went to see what was wrong with him and...
But how come Kaneda was in Room 8?
I heard you say that he hadn't booked.
Yes, he came in and I told him,
and he answered that he had a date with someone.
Mmm... So he must have been secretly meeting someone else,
and this other person must have killed him.
Except for Kaneda, did you see anyone else entering room 8?
No, no one else.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I haven't moved from the counter.
The only entrance is through that door.
If you don't cross the bridge, it's impossible to get to the rooms.
How did the murderer get in?
That's it, Mr. Inspector, from the canal.
This canal surrounds all the reserved rooms.
Just follow it to get to room 8.
Good thinking.
So, the murderer was in here.
Takagi, ask the customers if they've seen anyone crossing the canal.
OK, OK, OK!
We were watching the canal, but we didn't see anyone.
-No, I didn't see anyone. -Me neither.
-No idea.
-No one came by.
If anyone had passed by, we would have seen her.
Only boats have passed.
So, you haven't seen anyone?
No.
In all the rooms there are groups, but they only saw boats passing by.
Maybe he went diving.
I don't think so.
The channel is barely two feet deep.
If he'd been diving, there'd be water stains in the room.
What are you saying, man?
No... I was talking to myself.
It's clear that there's no access from outside.
Therefore, the killer must be someone who was already in the restaurant.
Mr. Iwama, where was it, three quarters and 5 of 8?
I haven't moved from room 3.
That's when you made those awful screams, isn't it?
Ah, yes... I was looking for the contact lens, I poured a saucer...
Then I saw that you were closing the window of room 3.
Your alibi is valid.
Mr. Arai, you went back outside after the murder, didn't you?
After Kaneda came out of the room,
the professor asked me if I could go buy some tobacco for him.
About that... I told him where the tobacco shop was.
We didn't have that brand here and he went to the tobacconist.
It took me about 10 minutes.
I have the ticket.
The time marked on the ticket is 19:52.
The alibis of these gentlemen are perfectly valid.
The murderer must be someone from another room, it's very clear.
"No. It is impossible for a customer to leave the room he is in
and enter room 8 without anyone noticing."
"The murderer must be one of Kaneda's companions,
who have been left alone."
Takagi, questioning the other customers separately.
Yes, sir!
Miss, may I go see the boats?
Conan, now is not the time!
It's all right.
I have nothing to do either.
Thank you. Thank you.
Look, they're here.
Is the door always locked?
Yes.
So no one harms them.
I'm the only one who has the key.
Come in.
(Thinking) "There are 5 of them."
"They have sent a big one for us."
"This stain is from the same one that Kaneda had on her finger."
"However, when the food arrived in room 3,
in Kaneda it wasn't there."
The one with the whiskey and ice was this one?
Yes, we were told to take it to her with the fat boat.
2/4 of 8, the food, and at 8, the whiskey with the ice.
(Think) "They carry a small motor and a sensor."

"There is plenty of room. So, the problem is the alibi."
Thank you, Miss!
(Think) "There are some chopsticks without an envelope!"
"This... I got it! I understand why you did that!"
"Yes, they are: the little holes and the wetness mark."
"I've already dismantled his alibi!"
"Besides, I have irrefutable proof!"
Listen to something, Kogoro.
Heavy!
Get over there!
I've discovered something strange you might want to know.
A strange thing? (Can't understand you)
What?
I don't feel you.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaah...
All customers in room 7 have an alibi.
About it... How long will they keep us?
You can leave now.
If there is anything we will call you.
(Kogoro voice) Wait, not yet! What?
I found out how the assassin got into room 8.
Really? (Kogoro voice)
How did he get in?
The murderer entered room 8 from the transport channel!
Hey, hey...
Witnesses have only seen boats, through the canal.
That's right.
The murderer was in a boat.
In a boat?
Someone not too big can hide in a big one.
There's plenty of room.
First of all, the murderer has asked to take the order to them
with one of the bigger boats.
After taking out the food, he has hidden underneath.
(Kogoro voice) "Thanks to a sensor,
the boats return on their own to the place where they left from."
"But the killer has pressed the contact button with his foot,
stopped the engine and entered room 8."
"In Kaneda he must have stood still, but he didn't suspect anything."
"He didn't think a co-worker was going to kill him."
"The killer waited for the right moment...
...to stab him."
So that it wouldn't be seen that he had entered from the canal,
he turned Kaneda to face the corridor.
But how did the murderer get back to his room?
(Kogoro voice) Very easy!
He got back on board the boat, started the engine
and the boat has returned to the starting point.
After that, all he had to do was wait for a while.
Then, he returned to the room
together with the one who had asked to take them to 8 o'clock.
But the murderer had the misfortune
that I noticed something that he didn't control.
What did you notice?
The waterline!
(Kogoro voice) "Despite carrying only a tray with whiskey and ice,
the boat was sinking badly."
This is the difinitive proof
that in the hold of the boat was also the murderer.
Wait a minute!
But the only one left alone in the room?
is Professor Iwama!
That's right.
It was Professor Iwama!
You're the only one who could have done it.
Pro... Professor!?
The facts must have gone like this:
He told Kaneda that he wanted to talk to him privately...
and had him reserve room 8.
When the food arrived,
he asked Mr. Arai to go and buy some tobacco.
He asked him for a brand that they didn't have in the tobacco shop.
Just a moment, Mr. Mouri!
You have declared that at the time of the crime I was in room 3!
How could I have killed Kaneda who was in room 4?
You must not have a tape recorder, by any chance, professor?
Yes, I do.
I carry one in my wallet.
I use it for classes.
Besides, how come the window was closed at that time?
With a rubber band, thumbtacks, an envelope of toothpicks and some ice.
You tie a rubber band to the frame and into the window.
On the other side of the window,
screw an envelope of toothpicks and fix it with a thumbtack.
Then stretch the window where the rubber band has been placed to the envelope,
which is also fixed to the window with a thumbtack.
Then insert one of the cubes with the fish into the circle made with the envelope
inside the circle made with the envelope, and that's it.
The ice melts, the envelope tears open
and the window closes with the impulse of the rubber band.
Wow, it's unbelievable!
When he came back, he picked up the pins and the glue and stopped the recorder.
and stopped the tape recorder.
Then he threw the envelope into the channel to eliminate the evidence.
Now he said it: there is no evidence!
If you accuse me of killing in Kaneda, at least prove it with evidence!
Mr. Arai, when the dishes were brought out,
perhaps some blowfish egg sauce was spilled?
Yes, yes it did.
On the deck of the boat.
Tell me something, Mr. Iwama:
When you came out, when you heard Ms. Anzai's scream,

You've put on your jacket, haven't you?
Is it normal to put on your jacket when you leave a place in a hurry?
You didn't do it because when you got in the boat you stained your shirt with egg sauce?
with egg sauce?
Mr. Iwama, could you take off your jacket, if you would be so kind?
It's true, I have an egg sauce stain on my shirt.
I got it when I spilled a saucer while I was looking for the lens.
Are you sure about that?
Mr. Kaneda also has a dirty finger with sauce on it,
and he left Room 3 before the food arrived.
When must he have gotten it dirty, then?
Aaaaaaaaah... It can't be...
It can't be!
When he was going to stick the knife in, Kaneda grabbed his arm,
and it got dirty with the stain on his shirt!
Surely there is Mr. Kaneda's fingerprint.
He can now confess everything!
Kaneda found out that, years ago,
I submitted a student's thesis as if it were my own,
and he threatened to tell me
that if I did not support him before the faculty selection committee.
Moreover, he had asked me for 50 million yen for not saying anything!
I couldn't take it anymore....
This was not the way to go about asking for blowfish eggs.
If it hadn't been for that, everything would have gone perfectly.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay tte enano na no sano.
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
That restaurant has become more famous,
what with the whole blowfish sauce thing.
Why don't you take us somewhere else?
If there are geishas...
Do you want me to serve it to you, the sake?
No, there's no need...
(Think) He-he-he... How scary...
(Adult voice) This is very interesting.
I have no idea what's going on, but it's a super exciting story!
The Secret of the Moon, the Sun and the Stars, Part One

