"She's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today, the first part of a special."
"Conan's first case when he was still in Shinishi."
"His brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
A flying enclosed space, the first case of in Shinishi Kudo
(Genta) Look, it's that one!
-We'll get on that plane! -Oh!
It's huge!
It's a Boeing 747.
It's a Jumbo with a total length of 70.7 meters!
It's too much, the famous Kogoro Mouri must be a kangaroo
while traveling through Hokkaido.
What a nerve...
Yesterday you were saying, "See I'm coming, beach angels!"
Nobody told me I had to go with little kids!
What a nerve!
You're going on this trip because Dr. Agasa got a trip!
You should be grateful for having taken us with him!
Yes, heavy.
Still no sign of life, that lucky doctor?
Now that you mention it... The doctor won't come.
He can't come because he's caught a bad cold.
What a cold!
But it doesn't seem to be serious.
He asked me for a lot of souvenirs.
And Haibara?
He said he was taking care of the doctor.
Oh, well...
Then, we'll buy them a lot of souvenirs!
Oh!
The houses are getting smaller and smaller!
Conan, look, look at this!
Has he fallen asleep?
Xxxt.
He was reading a book late last night.
What rivers, you?
I remembered that time long ago when I got on a plane.
In Shinishi he also fell asleep after takeoff.
Ah.
Yes!
While I was going on a trip with the Neighborhood Association,
you're running away with that bearded detective in Los Angeles.
How many times do I have to tell you again?!
We were going to visit his parents!
Two little boys going abroad together for that?
And a black lamb...
His parents sent us a couple of bills.
Hey, I guess that cheeky guy didn't do anything strange to you, did he?
What do you mean, nothing strange?
Do... Well, you know what I mean... I mean... I don't know...
Children!
Take your seats!
Ui.
What a pain.
(Man) About it, excuse me...
Eh?!
You're telling me?
Would you mind giving up smoking?
This seat is for non-smokers.
And you are also disturbing the other passengers.
Please do it in the smoking seats.
Sorry, I'll be more careful again.
Come on, don't be like that, Kazuhiro!
What's wrong with you?
From now on you'll have a rich boyfriend!
Don't talk to me like that.
Kazuhiro...
But be happier, Tsugumi.
The American newspapers told me
they'll pay me a lot of money for these negatives!
Only if these negatives are authentic.
Do you realize the scandal that was organized
with the arrival of the U.S. Senator in Japan?
If you've got the wrong person....
Don't talk nonsense!
I already sent copies of the photos by fax and they were verified!
Fine with me, but I'm on vacation.
I don't want to staple your negatives!
I know that!
I'm going to honor our distinguished prodigy!
How, Saginuma?
Eh?
What a guy.
He's already fallen asleep.
Well, I'll do a little snooze too!
Good night! Good night!
Yes, tell me.
Do you want something, miss?
Excuse me, I got a little dizzy.
Do you have something to fix it?
Yes.
I'll bring you a pill right away.
Where are you going?
Ah, sir, can I help you?
No.
It's just that I'm afraid of airplanes, and, still, I'm not calm.
Oh, I want to ask you something.
I want to ask you something.
Please, you tell me.
Are you okay, Tsugumi?
What's the matter with you?
I got dizzy.
The stewardess went to get me some medicine.
Did you take the pill I gave you for motion sickness?
I gave it to Saginuma, and it worked.

If you go to the side of the window maybe you'll feel better.
Yes.
Although she sleeps.
The remedy is for her.
-Here.
The water and the medicine. -Thanks.
Here, the medicine.
By the way, where is he, the Otaki?
He's been up for a while.
Maybe he also felt sick and went to the toilet.
Hey, come on!
Come out!
Come out!
Excuse me, sir.
Is there a problem?
The guy inside, he won't answer me.
Sir? Sir?
Sir?
Excuse me, come in.
What's wrong?
Oh!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
-What was it, this scream?
-It came from behind.
Attention, passengers.
We have a passenger with a serious illness.
(Loudspeaker) "If among the passengers, there is a doctor or a nurse,
we kindly ask you to inform our staff."
Excuse me, Miss.
Please say so.
This is Inspector Megure.
Is it really a serious illness?
Well, actually...
I've seen it.
A man has died!
-Really?! - Yes, in the back washroom!
Shinishi, come on, wake up!
Something's happened.
Hey?!
It can't be...
Where did he go? What?
Ran?
Did you take advantage of these days to travel?
Yeah, sort of...
I heard that a man died!
Calm down, calm down, this has yet to be confirmed.
I guess no one's touched the body.
It's been a while since a strange guy got in.
What a guy got in?!
The cause of death was an incised wound to the neck.
The murder weapon, a sharp object similar to an ice grinder.
Before he was stabbed,
it's possible he was made to inhale a drug that put him to sleep.
Who could have done it, something like that?
We can't know yet.
But not to worry.
The killer is flying over the Pacific Ocean in this plane,
inside this gigantic steel bird.
He won't be able to run away! May I know who the fuck you are?
(Think) "Yes, this was the first page, the beginning."
My name is Shinishi Kudo.
And I'm a detective!
"This was Shinishi's first case."
Did you say Kudo, boy?
You're Yusaku's family, maybe?
Long time no see, Inspector Megure.
Oh!
You're his son Shinishi!
You look just like him when he was young!
Last time I saw you, you were in sixth grade!
That's nothing, you've grown up a lot!
But it doesn't matter!
You're a high school student though!
You can't just walk into a crime scene.
Could you lend us a camera?
I want to photograph the scene.
Of it... of photographs this boy has already made, but if you want...
I've taken more than 60.
I've asked for several cameras from the passengers.
And also...
He asked us to monitor the victim's movements.
But we haven't seen him hide anything, get nervous or anything.
If you've touched him without looking at him,
you may have broken the rigid muscles,
and we won't be able to determine time of death.
For postmortem staining and jaw stiffness,
he's been dead for an hour or two.
Three points keep me awake at night:
The first: that the blood stains
that have splashed on the wall where the body rests
are not stamped on the clothes that were in contact.
The second: the right side, under the mortal wound, there is a mark,
as if something had scratched it.
The third: the right trouser pocket was wet.
And on the other hand, his hands were completely dry.
If he had put his hand in it wet, it would not have stayed so much.
This means that someone had wet it for some purpose.
Nooooo!
No more sticking your nose in!
Leave the rest to the police!
Warn the man sleeping in the seat next to you.
Let him come.
He's a police inspector too.
Come over here!
As a "detective"?
You're just a high school student like any other!
What did you want me to do?
If I hadn't told you this you wouldn't have touched my corpse!
I don't want you to disappear without telling me!
I thought you were the victim!
I don't like to wake up a sleeping girl with a chard face.
Chard face?
What face are you talking about?
This face.
Inspector? You're late, Takagi!
Is it murder?
Yes.
The cause of death is asphyxiation caused by the neck wound.

The murder weapon is probably a sharp object.
Based on rigor mortis and staining, he died an hour or two ago.
An empty container and a handkerchief!
It appears that the killer had placed a handkerchief soaked in chloroform or some narcotic substance
or some narcotic substance inside the bottle.
Perhaps he used it to fall asleep before committing the crime.
Excuse us, ladies, we would like to take custody of these objects,
do you have any plastic bags?
Is there... anything wrong with it?
No... It is that, as he says the same as that boy,
we've been left with some surprises.
That boy?
Yes, he was near the door.
He's wearing a black sweater.
And who is he? The son of a good friend.
His father is a mystery writer.
I ask him for advice when I'm involved in a complicated case.
He used to come to crime scenes with his father when he was a kid.
He's very familiar with the procedures to follow.
Oh!
So the nano is promising!
He's extraordinary!
What a donkey!
After all, an amateur is an amateur!
He's just a student with the airs of a detective
just because he's devoured medical treatises and mystery novels!
We are looking for witnesses! There are 4 suspects.
At that hour, apart from the victim,
4 people went to the toilet.
I was sitting in the tail of the plane.
I have been watching.
No one from the smoking area went...
I can't be wrong!
What were you watching?
You've been up all night?
Yes.
I couldn't get to sleep...
Eh?
When you got on the plane you fell asleep right away!
Did you?
I... I fell asleep?
In the morning the sheets stick to you and you wake up in the night,
just like when you were a kid.
(Think) "Donkey, with you sound asleep next to me, it's been impossible to sleep well,
it's been impossible for me to sleep well."
"And even though according to what things..."
Come on, let's get to the point, who are they, these 4 people?
Ah, let's see...
These 4 people are...
This girl, that girl next to her...
That gentleman in the seat on the other side of the aisle and...
...this foreign gentleman.
All 4 of them are in the propers seats.
Yes.
-Hey, what the hell do you want?! -Hey, what the hell do you want?! - Has something happened?
Ka... Kazuhiro!
Kazuhiro!
It can't be... it can't be...
Tsugumi...
Why did this happen to him?
We're trying to find out.
Can't the cause be those negatives?
Negatives?
He's been displaying them all the time.
He was going to sell them to a tabloid.
Don't tell me, they've disappeared?
Yes, they have.
Mr. Otaki didn't have them on him.
That can't be...
So, the murderer is someone who knew about the existence of the negatives.
Wait a minute, everyone in the profession knew about it!
He had already sold photographs to several newspapers!
Hey, he was killed with a clean stab in the neck, right?
Yes.
So, the killer is a professional.
They are just two photographers.
Isn't it unfair to suspect them?
No.
With four medical skills, a powerful anesthetic and the gun,
anyone could commit the crime!
Even a woman.
We will start asking them questions.
We want to know what circumstances you were in when you went to the toilet.
I was not feeling very well and went to the toilet.
But when I came back, Kazuhiro was still in the seat.
Then I called the stewardess to bring me some medicine.
That's why I remember very clearly.
Is it true?
Yes.
At that time he was still sleeping.
I also saw him from the other aisle!
It seemed to me that he was asking for some medicine.
Shortly after that I went into the bathroom.
I was there for about 5 minutes.
From the other aisle?
Isn't your seat in the aisle where the victim was sitting?
It's just that if I sit still I'm not calm and I was pacing.
So when did he do it?
When did the victim get up?
When I brought the water and the pill, the man was already up.
It didn't take me a minute to go and get the medicine.
I went to the toilet after the lady gave him the medicine,
after 20 minutes.
Since the Otaki didn't come back I went to see if he was all right.
But at that time he was still alive.
I asked him if he was all right,
I knocked on the door and the signal came back.
Is this true?
How did I know it was him?
I knew it was him.

I checked that there was no one in the other 3 toilets.
So, now we only have him left.
When did you go to the toilet?
I do not remember when I did, unfortunately.
He doesn't remember when he went.
Well, I'm not surprised either.
What's the matter with you?
That foreigner gives off a strong smell of cologne.
How long does he think he'll ask us questions that won't get him anywhere?
Whoever has the murder weapon is the murderer.
They would go faster if they examined everyone's luggage, don't you think?
Well, I have slept all the time, so this is not for me.
It's a lie!
You're up too!
What?!
Be right behind the victim, right?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Look, before entering the bathroom, I saw the victim sleeping.
At that time, this gentleman's seat was empty!
And what else, don't start raving!
You 4 have gone to the toilet, this nano confirms it!
Oi, kid?
Well, I guess...
(Quietly) But what are you doing?
Speak up!
(Thinking) By the way, for a moment, I was distracted...
So much so!
You 5 are suspects.
We will inspect your luggage and the records in the bathroom!
None of the 5 of you have the murder weapon on you or in your luggage...!
That's right!
No one has any object reminiscent of an ice grinder.
We've searched every corner, but we haven't found anything.
Are you sure they're the only ones who went to the toilet?
Listen... Shinishi!
Shinishi!
Yes.
It's getting lively!
Just because they haven't found the murder weapon inside the plane,
means the murderer is still hiding it!
It's probably the killer's ace in the hole.
He will find... I will find this ace!
Before the wings of this gigantic steel bird can replenish!
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN

