"She's bright as a spark and has a precise wit."
"Today, the second part of a special."
"Conan's first case when he was still Shinichi."
"His brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
A flying enclosed space
The first case of Shinichi Kudo, part 2
What do you mean?
Do you want us to inspect them again?
You want us to examine the luggage
and re-check these 5 suspects again?
Do we fly them again, Shinichi?
Yes.
The fact that we didn't find the murder weapon on the plane means...
it's possible that the murderer still has it hidden on him.
First, Miss Tachikawa's carry-on luggage.
Passport, a wallet, a handkerchief, cosmetic utensils,
sunglasses, a camera, a diary and a pen.
There is nothing that could constitute the murder weapon.
That pen...
Have you examined the inside of the pen, Inspector?
Ah... Yes, I have examined it.
Well, now for the next one, Miss Amano.
Ah.
Yes!
A passport and a wallet, a handkerchief, a woolen cap,
a camera, a sewing kit and a motion sickness remedy.
The only knife-like object
are the needles and scissors from the sewing kit.
But with these objects it is impossible for him to have murdered him.
Next!
Mr. Ukai!
Ah... Yes.
A passport, boarding pass, a wallet and a handkerchief,
a razor and shaving cream.
Now you, Mr. Edward!
Eeeh?
Let us check your Belonging, just in case.
Well, it appears you ll have to.
Is that all?
(thinks) "Mm? What's strange..."
"The smell of cologne around his neck was strong,
and instead, on the hands, not on du."
A passport, a wallet, a handkerchief, a towel, a diary,
two pocket books, a spectacle case
and a United States National Bank checkbook.
Excuse me, Mr. Edward.
Why are you carrying this checkbook?
Y'D like to ask you a few questions about the checkbook.
That 's for my job,
I was going to buy some arte objects at the auctions in Japan,
but nothing caught my eyes.
I wanted to buy art objects at auctions in Japan,
but he didn't see anything that interested him.
Yes, now I understand...
Well, and finally...
Here you go!
I must be the last one, right?
A passport, a wallet, a handkerchief, a camera, negatives,
a wristwatch and tobacco, a lighter
and an anti-motion sickness drug.
As far as I can see, he's carrying a handful of medication.
Getting on certain types of transport makes me sick.
-I'm going with them.
Oi? -Yes.
These negatives... may I have a look?
Yes.
Yes... listen!
The man in these photos...
is Mr. Dickson, from the United States Senate.
That's right, it's true.
He's with a woman!
Stop it!
Aren't they the same as the Otaki!?
Are they the same?
That he has them leads us to a conclusion.
Hey, wait!
Just a second!
These negatives are mine, I swear by the most sacred!
Me and the Otaki infiltrated the hotel and made them.
I didn't look as good as he did,
but I also wanted to sell them to a Los Angeles newspaper.
If they suspect me, I'd like them to do it when they find the gun.
Calm down.
We'll hear the claims when we've finished the search.
We'll go to the restrooms and do the same thing we did before, one by one.
The women will be taken care of by the stewardesses,
and the men, we'll do the registrations.
(Think) "This is the murder seat, Mr. Otaki?"
"Starting from the numbering on the boarding passes,
behind you have Mr. Saginuma and in front, Mr. Edward."
"On the right, Miss Amano and at the back, Miss Tachikawa."

"To the left, with the hallway in between, the Ukai."
"What... what is this? The piece of a negative!"
"What's it doing, on the seat on Mr. Saginuma's side?"
Shinichi.
They have already finished searching them.
It seems that no one was carrying the murder weapon.
(Thinking) Therefore, it only remains....
They're already satisfied?!
See how they haven't found it?!
-They made me undress twice! -That's inadmissible!
Aaaaah... What... what do we do, Inspector Megure?
We've already searched everywhere we could look.
No, there's nowhere left to look.
There's another place we can look for the gun.
We can look in Mr. Otaki's hand luggage!
Where is it, Mr. Otaki's hand luggage?
Let's see... Ah, it's that black bag at the bottom...
Are you worried about anything, Miss?
No... It's just that he told me something very strange.
Something... strange?!
More than a week ago, the bag was left unattended in the studio,
and someone left it stabbed it.
That's why I bought a new bag for this trip.
This is it here.
It is possible that someone had done it
because he had laid eyes on those negatives.
A passport, a camera, rolls of film,
a pair of sunglasses and 3 packs of cigarettes.
The wallet, a towel, two magazines and a watch.
There is nothing that could be the murder weapon.
Shinichi...
(Thinking) Really?
Eh?
Kazuhiro Otaki!
Mr. Otaki won the Nichiuri Newspaper
Nichiuri Newspaper's informative photography award?
Yes, that's right.
It was that Kazuhiro Otaki.
So, I wasn't wrong.
What occurred to you?
Remember that photograph of a mother trapped in a fire
and gave the daughter to the fireman who had come to rescue her?
Yes!
-This story is not important! -Are we in the clear?
Aren't we?
It's just that... at the time of the murder,
you 4 are the only ones who have gone to the toilet.
This boy says it with conviction.
He's just a boy with the airs of a detective.
He's fallen asleep and he's missed two or three people.
He's read a lot of books.
But this is a real murder!
The children have to go to their places.
Go back to your seat.
Come on, Shinichi!
You have to tell him something!
(Think) "What's wrong, in this case?!"
"If it's not that the murder weapon turns up,
I won't get a single statement."
When will you decide to confess everything, master?
Aren't you the murderer?
And what else?
Of all of us, it has become clear that you are the only one who lies!
I have seen it!
When this young lady was asking for medicine for motion sickness,
you were not behind the seat of the victim!
Stop raving!
I don't rave!
Actually... Actually, she was... She was with me!
That stewardess was with me and she saw it too.
This is what he claims.
Is it true, miss?
Yes.
As this passenger was walking around the plane,
I called his attention.
And he told me that I had to keep a closer eye on
the man who was smoking in the non-smoking seats.
At that time, was this man in his seat?
No.
As far as I know, he wasn't at the time.
You will also play me?
Where do you get it from?!
You've brought him the medicine, haven't you? Yes.
Did he really sleep?!
Didn't he sleep?!
Eh?
I don't remember if he slept or not, really.
I don't remember.
How?!
Excuse me.
Do you remember if when you brought him the medicine...?
Did you find that, miss?
Ah... Yes, I do!
Of course, of course!
I thought I was mistaken!
(Think) "So I was right."
"Without a doubt, the murderer is that person!"
"He acted like that because he had a very powerful reason to do so."
"That fragment of negative from the seat,
those impossible blood stains from the sink,
the crumb pocket of the victim..."
"All the pieces fit!"
"But why didn't that person get rid of the murder weapon?"
"Is it because he couldn't throw it away, perhaps?"
"Because if he had thrown it away it would be known whose object it was?"
"Wait!"
"Come to think of it, that person, at that instant..."
Wake up, Shinichi!
Inspector Megure is calling for you!
He wants you to walk around and remember if anyone else has entered the washroom.

By... by the way, Ran, you... you're already a high school student, right?
Of course I am.
I have to ask you a question.
What?!
Co... Co... Co... How did you think of that?!
Answer.
I'm ashamed to have asked you too.
Yes.
It's true!
Usually we all do the same thing.
Indeed!
So that's what it was.
Like "in effect"?
What the fuck did you have to understand?!
I finally figured it out!
I know which ace the murderer has used
to take the victim's last breath!
Here the only one who is behaving suspiciously is you!
Mr. Saginuma!
Come on, man...
You've got it all wrong, Inspector Megure.
Eh?
This man is not the murderer!
He's not?
He didn't come to the scene.
He can't have committed the murder.
Come on... Oh!
I'm very grateful to you!
This makes it clear that I have no connection with this crime, does it?
No.
It's not true, that I have no connection.
Mr. Saginuma...
You have been used very cleverly.
One of these 4 people has given false testimony... the murderer!
So, when Ms. Tachigawa said that she went to the washroom
to check on the victim, she was lying.
Ep, wait a minute!
No, she wasn't lying.
At that time, there was someone in the victim's bathroom.
Wasn't there?
Mr. Edward, it was you!
Are you serious?
When you searched Mr. Otaki's pocket for the negatiusf,
you noticed that the cologne from the dolls was soaking into his pocket.
He washed his hands and soaked the handkerchief in water to try to remove the peculiar smell.
to try to get the peculiar smell out of his pocket.
Proof of this is that there is no cologne on the hands.
None of this can constitute proof.
Besides, if we don't speak to him in English, we don't....
It is not necessary.
He speaks Japanese perfectly.
Because he does, doesn't he, Mr. Edward?
This boy is absolutely right, gentlemen.
What the... What is this? Pa... he speaks Japanese...
Of course he does.
It's common sense!
Because I looked into acquiring the negatives with the bank checks.
Acquire?!
That's right.
The very one affected by the scandal, Senator Dickson, asked me to do it.
So, you have done it!
You have murdered Otaki!
No, he is not the murderer.
Because when he entered the washroom, Mr. Otaki was already dead.
How... how do you say?! What?!
Isn't that right, Mr. Edward?
Yes.
When I heard he was going to the washroom,
I thought it was a good opportunity because of the deal.
I knocked on the door and got no answer.
When I came in, he was already dead, and I didn't get the negatives.
Then, who answered me with that sign...
It was me.
Don't be fooled!
Just try to follow the beta to the boy's unfounded hypothesis!
A hypothesis?
No, sir.
Some blood stains have splashed on the wall of the washbasin.
And on the other hand, on the victim's back, who was leaning against it,
there were no blood stains.
In other words, after a while someone came in and moved the body.
The only reason he must have had for not alerting anyone and moving the body would be that he was looking for the negatives.
would be that he was looking for the negatives.
He even looked for them in the victim's pocket.
He could only do something like that to someone who was sitting in front of the victim
and, therefore, who did not know what the victim looked like: Edward!
Now I get it! So who is he, then, the killer?
We will exclude the suspects Edward and Miss Tachikawa,
who knocked on the washroom door from outside.
That leaves Mr. Ukai and Miss Amano.
We must focus on one issue.
When Miss Amano has taken the stewardess's medicine,
Mr. Saginuma was not the seat, as Mr. Ukai stated.
There is no doubt in my mind!
I repeat.
I've been sleeping all the time, man!
That's right.
Mr. Saginuma was sleeping peacefully in his seat.
Wearing a woolen cap that the assassin had put on him and a mask.
-What do you mean? - This is what he looked like...
Yes, what Mr. Otaki looked like when he was sleeping.
The murderer, after the murder,
instead of returning to his seat,
he sat next to Saginuma,

has given him the appearance of the Otaki and warned the stewardess!
So she pretended that the Otaki was alive.
-Wait, this means... -No, it can't be.
Yes.
Who has murdered Mr. Otaki
and used Saginuma as an alibi is...
It's you, Miss...
Tsugumi Amano!
(Saginuma) Wait!
You must be joking!
No wonder the stewardess took him for the other one.
Everything was dark and the only thing left uncovered by the blanket was the nose.
The Tsugumi, while the stewardess went to get the medicine,
returned to her seat
and woke up the Tachikawa with exaggerated nausea.
I wanted to make her realize that the Otaki was not the seat next to her.
In this way, the stewardess and Ms. Tachikawa
to think that Mr. Otaki was in the lavatory.
So, the seats that I saw...
They were the empty seats behind Mr. Saginuma's seat!
But if Saginuma's seat wasn't unoccupied, this setup was impossible,
this set-up was impossible.
By purchasing an extra ticket and then canceling it
could leave it unoccupied.
And if the remedy against motion sickness
Tsugumi had given to Saginuma was a sleeping pill,
she could be sure she wouldn't wake up.
And besides, the woolen cap was among her personal items.
And she knew that the Otaki slept in a mask.
And if the stewardess had realized
that Miss Tachikawa was not together with Tsugumi?
It was only necessary for her to take her hand luggage
and make a replica of the Tachikawa with the blanket.
Those negatives, surely she has torn them to pieces with the scissors
and flushed them down the toilet.
I wanted to make it look like the crime had been motivated by the negatives.
A piece of the negative that had been stuck to Tsugumi's clothing
was left on the seat on Mr. Saginumo's side.
Check it out! Yes!
The modus operandi of the crime is this:
He has waited for Miss Tachikawa to sleep,
and told Mr. Otaki they would talk to the toilet.
Then, with the bottle in which he carried a handkerchief soaked in anesthetic
and with the murder weapon, he went.
When he has opened the door, she has plantificat him the handkerchief,
he has lost consciousness and has pricked her with the murder weapon.
It has shattered the negatives and has thrown them in the toilet.
And if he put the montage into practice when she came back from the toilet,
the Otaki was apparently still alive and she had an alibi.
But if anyone going to the washroom Declan saw coming out, he would be suspicious....
Surely Tsugumi hadn't locked up inside while committing the crime.
If he did, even if someone came to the washroom and looked to open,
if he held it from the inside, it wouldn't open,
and seeing that it was already occupied, that person would go to another one.
If she thinks she has the right to talk like that, she must have proof that she did it!
I have them both, the murder weapon and the proof.
I'm sure she still has it on her!
But what the hell?!
They have already searched Tsugumi twice!
But even if they looked at that, it wouldn't look suspicious.
An object that can evade metal detectors...
An item specifically for women.
It... Specific for women?
It's impossible for them to have anything like that to commit a crime!
That may be true, Tsugumi.
Have you...?
Miss, I'm referring to a piece of underwear you wear on your chest.
The iron piece on the right breast.
Come on, let's go!
A woman can murder someone with that ridiculous thing?!
By nailing an iron like this one that has been sharpened
and Pressins with the weight of the body,
it can pass between two vertebrae and penetrate 6 centimeters,
to reach the most vulnerable point.
On Mr. Otaki's neck,
there was a scratch next to the mortal wound.
A scratch caused by some sharp object.
Ms. Tsugumi had to carry the element of crime on her person
because if the iron had been discovered at the scene, she would have known that the killer was a woman.
she would have known that the murderer was a woman.
Then search her again, if you are satisfied!
No, Saginuma...
If m'escorcollessin now, they would realize everything.
Tsu... Tsugumi!
Yes, I have died in Kazuhiro.
It all starts from 3 years ago, when he won the Photography Award.
I blame it on that photo.
But you started dating because of that photo!
Yes.

I became interested in him because he had that photograph.
I liked to see how someone was able to represent the fear and tragedy of that fire that took my older brother's life.
of that fire that took my older brother's life.
But... Why?
Why?
That day of the fire...
the photos he took weren't just those.
There were a lot of them taken from his apartment!
From the instant when a column of smoke
rose from the block of apartments where my brother lived.
-And dozens of photographs prèvies. -No!
The Otaki is going...
Himself set fire to it?
Yes, that's right!
When I asked him about it, he answered me by making mouthfuls!
The right moment never comes.
You have to create with your hands.
That's what he said.
But that hurts me.
I was sure it was a good place to hide the murder weapon...
When you raised your arm...
When you tried to put his carry-on luggage down,
you raised your arm, stopped and grabbed it with your left.
That was the last thing that convinced me.
I thought that maybe the tip of the iron had come out of place,
he noticed that it touched his skin and hesitated.
Is that all you could tell?
That it was such an imperceptible detail is what made it more important.
Besides, the posture he had at that moment was strange:
I was putting too much energy into a triviality.
This hand thing... Had you noticed, Inspector?
No, not at all.
By the way, Inspector, why are you going to Los Angeles?
For a Japanese criminal, you're in police custody.
(thinks) "Sure. So that's why!"
"So it's understandable that Shinichi told me that, earlier."
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Ep, just a second.
Tell me what your bras look like!
They must have some iron in them, right?
You don't ask a girl, these things!?
Listen to me, Shinichi!
You're a common stalker!
(Thinking) It can't be.
The Ran is sommier with that case?
Eh!
Ran, what do you mean by that!?!?!
That one did something weird to you!?
What kind of dream should you have?
I'd dream that I'm eating a school of eels!
Sir, the plane will soon begin the landing sequence,
please return to your seat.
(Kogoro) You donkey!
I will not stand still with my daughter in this situation!
(Ayumi) -What does "stalker" mean? (Genta) -It will be rice with meat.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah...

