"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit.
"Today we're looking for treasure.
"The Junior Detective League has a challenge in code.
He's got the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The secret of moons, stars and suns, part one.
(Ayumi) Hey, doctor!
Are we going to a house that has a hidden treasure?
Yes, you can climb up on your feet.
By squeezing your brains maybe you'll find it and all.
(All) Hurray!
-If we all go...-...we'll get lots of treasures!
Hey, doctor...
Mm?
What do you want?
The treasure you're talking about are the toys you made me buy?
Xxxxt!
You mustn't know, it's a secret!
That's why he didn't come, Haibara.
He's got money flowing out of his ears.
This car is also new.
That he's built a junk and robbed a bank?
I wouldn't do that!
In fact, I have everything to thank for this!
In Yaiba the Masked?
I collaborated with a friend's toy company to develop a new toy.
to develop a new toy.
The contract was very juicy!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Hey, what the hell is it, this thing?
(Apparatus) Yaiba Gravtransformer!
Did you get scared?
Dr. Agasa gave it to us, the Yaiba Gravtransformer!
Yaiba Gravtransformer?
It records your voice and transforms it into different voices.
It's the new toy of the Masked Yaiba!
(Think) You see, it's like my voice transformer.
What do you say?
You always treat my inventions as junk,
but now you'll sell them all over the country!
(Ayumi) Ooooh!
What a big house!
(Mitsuhiko) Is it your uncle's villa?
Yes.
My uncle's name was Kurosuke Agasa
and he was known to be a man who lived surrounded by luxuries!
Fifty years ago, he hid somewhere a large fortune
and left this world...
I thought that the League of Detectives would help me find them,
that's why I led you here!
So it was the real deal!
Yes!
The doctor hasn't come here before to hide treasures.
I told you that already!
The doctor wouldn't cheat some children.
Oi, doctor?
Eh, no... Of course he wouldn't...
(Thinking) Au, he's got a feather in his cap.
We'll start by looking around this room.
(At the same time) SIII!
Is this it?!
Is it here?!
-There doesn't seem to be any ES here. And no ES here either.
Doctor, your uncle is the gentleman in that picture?
Yes, that's right.
I thought so.
It seems it's true that your uncle was very rich.
Look carefully.
The fireplace in the painting is the same as the one in this room.
He had a painter come expressly to paint this picture for them.
That he could do this shows that he was very rich.
This painting was done a year before the uncle died of illness.
Who is she, the woman?
His younger sister, Aunt Teika.
She lived here and took care of him.
She's the only person my uncle, a sullen man, accepted.
She was an elementary school teacher.
She came back to her parents after uncle died.
Since then 50 years have passed, and no one has come back in here.
But instead, the objects have stayed.
The uncle so provided in the will.
"To leave the villa intact
until 50 years after my death."
He left no hidden inheritance.
We'll tear it down next month.
Now I understand...
That's why, before he was overthrown,
he wanted the whole group of children to play treasure hunt, right?
You got it right!
Where is it, the treasure?
Where is it?!
-No!
It's not about scattering everything! -How do we have to do it?
If you observe your surroundings carefully,
you will surely find some clues!
Like, for example, the strange letters that are marked here.
Ah!
That's right!
Mo, za, ri, sano, sano, wa, n, de, ru?

-What does this mean?
-It's English!
You're confused, Ayumi, surely it's Arabic?
(Think) You won't know it so easily.
Even you, Shinichi.
What is it?
Where did he go?
(Think) Don't tell me Shinichi...
Even you will have a hard time figuring out the problem!
I spent 3 days and 3 nights thinking without sleeping.
If you're talking about the treasure box he hid,
I found it under the bed in the bedroom...
I haven't looked at what's inside,
and as it was easy to find I put it more towards the back.
Ah, thank you very much for the detail, Conan.
(Think) Wise rat...
By the way, something has puzzled me,
is the other mystery that has remained in this villa.
The other mystery?
Yes.
What does it suggest to you, this, doctor?
Let's see, let's see...
It looks to me like an ordinary yen coin...
It was next to the bed.
It would fall to me, surely.
No, that's not the case.
It was covered with dust
and there were no signs that it had rolled off.
The one yen coins started circulating 40 years ago, in 1955.
The fact that it's so covered with dust here means...
You mean... you mean someone entered this villa without permission?
Not only did he enter, but I think he lived here for a while.
He must have been an old man skilled with his hands.
There lived?
Skilled?
A... An old man?
Hey, what do you mean by that?
I don't understand anything, really.
Then, we'll compare this coin with the one-yen coins you're carrying.
Even if we compare them, we won't get anything.
What's different about them?
Eeeeeh ?!
It is thinner than mine and the diameter is shorter!
Probably, this one was made from the first coins,
and the reduced size is faithful to the original.
It shows a remarkable skill!
And the kanji for "country" is written with the archaic ideogram.
I don't know if he made the mistake on purpose, but he lived a long time ago.
But it is impossible that the person who lived here coined it.
No.
He certainly coined it here.
While he was killing time with reading!
Among the books are tucked pieces of the aluminum
used to make one yen coins.
Besides, no one could mint such a careful coin in a short time.
This shows that he lived here for a long time.
Yes, you are right.
But why did he mint a one-yen coin?
Maybe it was a way to pass the hours,
but it's still too early to tell.
Also, although I don't know if the man was alone or not.
There was also a child living there!
I found it a while ago.
This proof proves it.
Come on, look under this vase.
Under?
What's this? A child was supposed to make drawings.
-Drawings?
I have also found! -And me too!
There is also at the foot of this candlestick!
Look at this!
And on the other side of this plate!
Surely it was a naughty child!
So much is, that.
Let's decipher the enigma of earth!
But it's strange.
My uncle had no children.
Maybe he did, he came with a child, the mysterious old man.
Doctor, do you know what they are, the dancing dolls?
The dancing dolls?
Ah!
They were in a Sherlock Holmes novel, weren't they?
They were those drawings of dolls made as if they were dancing.
It was a coded message hidden under the appearance of a drawing.
This is the same thing?
Yes, without a doubt!
If we take these objects and compare the arrangement of the symbols,
we will see that the 3 on the far right are the same as each of the objects.
In other words, this is an encrypted message governed by a specific rule!
Yes, it is an encrypted message.
What have you got?
You seem happy.
That you can already read it, this message?
No, I have no idea,
neither of it, nor of the old man, nor of the coin.
But I am enormously excited!
The more I think I have to find out, the more it stimulates me!
Your detective blood has been unleashed.
Let's see, now that I think about it...
these drawings, I've seen them before.
Are you for real, doctor?
Where have you seen them?!
Speak up, doctor!
Calm down, don't bother me!
Come on, Conan!
What are you doing?
Come and think with us!
We have to solve the riddle of the floor!
You're the only one who skips looking for the treasure!
Ah, yes, that, come on...

"Mo-za-ri-sa-wan-de-ru."
It sounds like an incomprehensible message.
With these riddles, one usually takes as a reference
the order of the basic syllabary of 50 sounds in Japanese.
Thus, if we look to jump to the next syllable in the syllabary....
(Ayumi) "A, ler, ta, Se, gui, uno, las, fle, chas."
(At the same time) Alert, follow the arrows.
-Let's look for arrows! Yes!
(All) Let's look for it!
An arrow! (All) Wait!
(All) What's wrong?
When you're in the system here, you haven't seen an arrow?
-Well... well, no... -We haven't seen any...
Look at it, it's on this clock!
On the clock?
What's wrong with it?
It's stopped at two and a half of 7 in a strange way.
What's so strange about it?!
It's not because it's broken?
Fixeu's it.
It's a normal watch.
At half past six,
the big handle and the small one are separated.
The fact that they overlap proves that someone has moved the hands.
Someone who has hidden the treasure.
In other words, these little hands are the arrow to the starting point!
Then we should look under the clock!
There are scattered cards!
See that in the center is the ace of spades?
It is the only card that is nailed with pins.
(Genta) Yes, it's true!
The ace of spades becomes another arrow!
Well, next... Those chess pieces!
Geez, guys, look at the placement of the pieces!
(Ayumi) The placement of the pieces?
If you look closely, they make the shape of an arrow!
Yes, it's true!
And they are glued together with glue so they don't get caught.
So, now it's time to go...
this room!
Caram, guys, there are no arrows here.
This is where the person who hid the treasure broke his head the most!
Look, on top of the table,
there are 3 spots where the dust was taken from, right?
Well, there was something on top! What?
Ah, you mean...
this plane that fell to the ground?
Yes.
Put it on the table
so that the marks left on the dust match.
Ah!
It's the bed!
The plane is pointing at it!
It's the bed!
Surely the treasure is hidden in this bed!
-Oh!
There's something under it! -I'm sure it's the treasure box! -I'm sure it's the treasure box!
That's weird...
I left the plane in its place,
but I don't remember leaving it on the floor.
Come on, open it, now!
(Ayumi) Hurry up!
(Ayumi) It's awful!
They've carved it all up with the knife.
Oh, man.
I'm sure she hid it to scare us.
No.
The doctor wouldn't do something like that!
The doctor?
The doctor hid these toys?
Yes, because he wanted you to play treasure hunt.
Since Dr. Agasa hid it until today...
Someone came and...
Yes.
Probably, that individual saw the encrypted message
and found the treasure box in the bedroom.
He saw the contents, got angry and smashed it.
The plane, which was on the table, was supposed to fall at that moment.
But what was that man doing here?
Either he happened to pass by and was encouraged by the enigma?
or it could be that he had come to look for something specific.
Like what now?
Speak up!
I don't know, but maybe it has something to do with the symbols.
Symbols? Yes, the ones he found.
Those encrypted messages with suns, moons and stars.
Those drawings are a coded message?!
That's right.
This is something to be taken seriously.
It is probable that in this villa sleeps an extraordinary treasure.
(All) Hurray!
Doctor, have the police told you anything?
Yes, they have told me that it must be the work of a vagrant with a bad idea.
They say that tomorrow they will come again.
Anyway they have recommended us not to touch anything.
Understood.
Those encrypted messages interest me,
but I don't want to disturb the scene.
Hey, what the fuck are you guys doing?
What the fuck are you doing, guys?!
Well you see!
Searching for secret messages and looking for treasure!
Donkey!
That dangerous man might still be here!
(Ayumi) Hey, Conan, look!
Behind this letter is a message!
Is it really?! Guaita'ls!
Very well! (Ayumi)
Me and Ayumi will stay on the second floor!
You guys will look for the second! (All) SIII!
(Thinking) "What group...
It must be my imagination."
(Ayumi) -I've found another one!

(Genta) - I can't find them!
(Mitsuhiko) There aren't any here either!
In the end we found 7 more encrypted messages.
In the letter, the French dictionary, the disk, in the airplane,
in the wine glass, in the painting and in this mechanical doll.
The aunt told me that the uncle really liked the mechanical dolls.
And then, the first 3 we found.
On the plate, the lighting and the jug.
We have 10 in total.
With it we will not be able to know what it says.
If we had something that would give us a longer sentence...
A letter or a newspaper...
A letter?
Oh, I've got it!
Now I remember!
The letters, the letters!
I had already told you, that I thought I had seen these symbols!
I had completely forgotten that my aunt taught me!
Is this woman in the picture?
She said she was an elementary school teacher.
Yes.
It must be a lot of years ago now.
For 10 years letters had been sent to her from an unknown sender,
and she, who found them unpleasant, asked me for advice.
The contents were in Hiragana, a very childish script,
and she wrote "Hello, Miss" or "Take care of yourself."
They were not letters from the students?
No, because for 10 years, they always wrote them in Hiragana.
That's strange.
Hey, what do those letters have to do with the message?
There were always symbols drawn around those letters.
As if they were a decorative motif.
What was it, these letters?
As I didn't see it clearly, I showed them to your bread...
I showed them to a writer of mystery novels.
(Think) To the father ?!
Well, that novelist was very tired of work
and at first he was in a bad mood...
but when he saw the letters he was encouraged.
He went to take them and locked himself in his office.
Before I could count the minutes, he came out and told me....
Give this envelope to your aunt, please.
You have been very absent-minded!
You are like a radiant sun, doctor!
Thanks to you, the clouds of bad mood have vanished.
And what was that envelope, doctor?!
I don't... I don't know...
I'm sure it was the solution to the encrypted message!
Yes... That novelist also knew it.
This whole message is written in hiragana.
-From the hiragana?!
-Is that true, Conan?
Yes.
The fact that all the letters were written in hiragana
tells us that we read the symbols with this syllabary.
Now I understand.
The reasonable thing would be to think that whoever wrote the letters
also wrote the messages of all these objects.
So why did he write a cryptogram to the aunt?
Because only she knew what it said.
Like someone wanted to kill her.
Yes, in fact, it said that a strange man was sticking his nose in her mail.
(Thinking) "It must be the unscrupulous guy who trashed the toys.
As I figured, he must be hiding something, in this house."
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Hey, are you sure, there's a hidden treasure here?
Wow!
What's the matter?
There's nothing here!
(He thinks) "There is a message engraved!
If we read them by linking them with each other..."
(At the same time) Un-un-un-un-un-un-un-un-un-un...
A skeleeeeeeeeeet!
Entoma that!
In the next chapter...
The secret of moons, stars and suns, part 2.
The clue to the next Conan is... A 20 dollar bill!
We'll decipher the coded message! I figured it out!
Eh? We "have" figured it out...

