(Off) "It's bright as a spark and has a precise wit.
"Today we solve the message in code.
"A small clue becomes a big word.
He has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
(Off) "Dr. Agasa, who had signed a very good contract
to invent a new toy,
planned a game for all of us to go on a treasure hunt.
"The setting was a villa that had belonged to the doctor's uncle.
"It had been 50 years since the uncle had been dead,
and in the villa, which was not supposed to have been lived in,
it seems that someone had lived there,
and some strange messages in code appeared.
"In a vase, a plate and a candlestick,
there we found some messages in code
written with moons, stars and suns.
"Someone smashing the toys had hidden the doctor by the game
and we sensed that that village hid an immense secret.
"After searching everywhere,
"we discovered 7 objects where there were messages written in code.
"A letter, a French dictionary, a record, an airplane, a glass of wine, a picture and a painting,
a wine glass, a painting and a mechanical doll.
"In addition, the doctor recalled that his aunt had been sent letters
sent by an unknown sender and written in the same code.
And for dessert, she had taught them to a novelist: my father."
That novelist also knew everything.
This coded message is written in hiragana!
-From the hiragana?! - Is this true, Conan?
Yes!
The fact that all the letters were written in hiragana
is the key that tells us that we read the symbols with this syllabary.
Why did that person write a cryptogram to the aunt?
Because only she knew what it said.
Like someone wanted to kill her.
Now that you mention it, the aunt was telling me
what a strange man was sticking his nose in her mail.
(Thinking) "It must be the unscrupulous man who smashed the toys.
As I already imagined, he must be hiding something, in this house."
The secret of moons, stars and suns, part two.
We know it's in hiragana, but we won't know what corresponds to which figure.
If we compare it, we will see it right away!
For example, the black sun!
The white sun, the moon and the white stars,
the black moon and the black stars change shape,
but not the black sun.
Which letter does not belong to any group and is separated from the rest?
Which does not belong to any group? -Separated from the rest?
I know it!
The ene!
Isn't it?
Right!
Then, the black sun symbolizes the ene!
Another thing is that the 3 figures on the right are repeated.
This means that these and the ones in front of them are words with a different meaning.
are words with a different meaning.
Yes.
That makes sense.
Next, we have the small black and white dots near the symbols.
I don't know what the black dot on the lower right side might make sense,
but the black and white ones at the top
are probably the quotation marks and the diacritical circle.
What are they, the diacritical quotation marks?
Genta, it was explained to us in school.
They are the quotation marks that are placed to the right of the sign
to distinguish readings such as "ga" or "za".
The diacritical circle forms the syllables Pan, Pi, Pu, Pe and Po!
If we look at the messages in code,
the crescent moon that looks above has white, black and empty circles.
That is to say that this moon can show
the range of sounds offered by the syllable "ha".
Adding the diacritical quotation marks and the diacritical circle,
we will not limit ourselves to just "ha".
Yes, by adding the diacritics of sonorization we have more sounds.
The easiest is the message of this cup.
Leaving aside those at the end, there is a word of 4 syllables.

The third sign is the black sun, the ene.
The fourth comes from "ha";
but within the vowels, what do we have?
Panties, hair clip, pelican...
Seaweed bread, melon bread, curry bread...
Computer, Japan, a lamp...
To-ran-pu.
Letters!
It means letters!
Yes, it does!
Surely it says letters!
If that's what it says...
The message in code of the candlestick says...
The first syllable is "pu" and the fourth becomes "ra".
Pu-Ro... "Puropera!"
Sure, the airplane!
Very good!
Wait.
If this crescent moon was a "Ro,"
this message would mean...
Look... look... look... the plane.
Look at the plane!
-Look at the coded message on the plane. -That's right!
Taking into account the diacritical quotation marks,
the second syllable is "bu".
The third syllable is "ra".
-Look at the cali... qua, the picture! -The picture!
(At the same time) Look at the painting!
He means the oil painting!
Sure, I've got it!
All these coded messages refer to an object accompanied by the word "Look".
accompanied by the word "Look"!
Following this procedure we will arrive at a specific point,
where there is an important object to be hidden behind some keys.
(At the same time) Yes, that's right!
We will solve all the key messages and get the treasure!
(At the same time) SIII!
Hey, are you sure, there is a hidden treasure?
Yes, I don't know if it's a treasure or not, but there is something hidden!
Let's see, the message written on the plate is...
The third syllable is the ene and the second one has diacritical slashes,
so.... let's see... "Ka-bin"?
A vase!
It says "vase"!
The message in code that is written in the dictionary...
Let's see... "anro"... "Dan-ro"... It's the chimney!
So, the message written to the mechanical dummy is...
"Wa-y-n-n-gu-ra-su."
It's the wine glass!
Eh?
Conan...
(Thinking) "So far we've figured out 17 syllables.
And if we deduct the remaining figures from the blank squares..."
What are you writing, Conan?
Guys, look at this!
The table with all the code deciphered!
-Bufa, you're great!
-Oh!
The solos, the moons and the stars show the vowels, a, i, u, e, o
Then, they transform laterally following the same principle.
The solos and the stars are losing points starting from the top.
And the moon also sectioning to
following the clockwise direction.
The black dots of the bass
point out the figures that had no other way to transform.
It is true!
If we use this table
and we read the messages by linking them one to the other,
...we get that!
Eh?
Let's see...
-Look at the vase.
-Look at the candlestick.
-Look at the airplane. -Look at the painting.
-Look at the record.
-Look at the doll.
-Look at the wine glass.
-Look at the cards.
-Look at the French dictionary Look at the fireplace!
(At the same time) The chimney!
The treasure is in the fireplace!
(At the same time) Eh?
What's going on here?
There is nothing!
There's an engraved message!
Yes ?!
There is one?!
Ayumi, let me have the picture I made.
Here, Conan, the picture.
Let's see, this message...
-Speak!
What does it say, Conan?
-Come on, don't keep us waiting!
Come on, Conan!
Conan!
Guys, don't push it!
"Dish."
Eh?
"Look at the plate."
(at once) What?!
The plate?
The plate where we started?
What a bummer, we're back to square one.
The messages have made our heads dance.
They have made us a bad joke.
(Think) "A joke? That's impossible.
"Someone who uses a code that perhaps will not be solved,
he/she would not use it to make a heavy joke.
"But the messages, they leave us at square one.
"Or maybe it is that this table of results is wrong ?!
"No, I'm convinced it's not.
"Surely there is something going on, with the order of these messages.
What is it, their real meaning?"
Guys, before the police arrive,
we should put the objects back in their place.
(At the same time) Yes...
The plate, the crockery rack.
(Thinking) "Wait!
"If we join the first syllable of the message on the plate
with the first syllable of the vase... we have "Sa-ka-ro-pu".
"Sakaropu? What nonsense.
The vase, here.
"And reading them with the Western alphabet?
The candlestick above the fireplace.
"No, that's impossible.

Excuse me, doctor, do you remember where it was, the plane?
It was there next to that vase, but I had taken her to the bedroom.
Next to the vase, next to the vase...
"And if we translate it into English? No, into French. Or German?
The record.
Neither one nor the other convinces me."
The doll, the doll...
Boy!
Listen to me!
You could help too,
don't just sit there in the middle of the room.
Listen, you told me that the cards were in this room, right?
Yes, they were already under the clock, and I used them too.
(Think) "All the objects with a message are in this room.
(Think) "Wait!
"If we join them with lines following the order,
starting with the plate we have: the vase, the candlestick, the airplane, the picture,
the record, the doll, the wine glass, the cards, the dictionary,
the fireplace and the plate.
"All the lines are in the middle of the room!
"That's why the Ayumi has walked past me a few times.
"But it's strange.
"In the middle there's nothing special or strange.
"If it's not on the floor, it means....
"A light on the ceiling...
"A crack!"
Hey, doctor, pugi'm on your shoulders!
Come on!
Ah... Yes...
Amuuuuuunt!
(Metallic noise)
Where does it come from, this noise?
Hey, may I know what's going on?
(clattering)
It... seems to have fallen some body upstairs.
Come on, let's go!
It... wait, Conan!
(Thinking) The room above the one we were in...
...is this one!"
What do you got, Conan?
(All) Ooooooooh!
Stairs in the middle of the room!
(All) Sure... That's what it was all about!
Those coded messages referred to
the mechanism of the ceiling lamp in the middle of the room.
I knew the guy liked mechanisms,
but I wouldn't have guessed he had one like that.
So, the treasure is here!
Yes, I'm sure there's something hidden upstairs.
Well, let's go!
-What a strange room. It's dark.
I can't see myself up here.
Oh, I'll open the window.
(thinks) "It's all dark. Unfinished yen coins...
And these tubes of oil paint."
-There's something on the table! -A treasure!
Guys, what's wrong with you?
(At the same time) A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a...
What's the matter with him?
Speak up!
A skeleeeeeeeeeet!
What?!
Whose... Whose skeleton could it be?
I have told you that an old right-handed man lived here.
Surely the minted coin and messages were written by this gentleman!
And was he murdered?
No, he died while writing a letter to his aunt, doctor.
It seems that he was sick at heart.
But how could he know that this hidden camera existed?
The only ones who could know were the uncles, who lived here.
And one other person.
Before uncle died,
a person often came to this village.
Before uncle died?
Ah!
The author of the painting!
That's right.
The painting of your uncle and aunt.
The artist who painted it.
Surely you must have asked him something about the hidden camera.
But why did he have to live in hiding?
He even wrote letters with coded messages to the aunt.
This is probably the reason.
What's this?
An array of $20 bills!
Counterfeit bills!
Probably this man made it at the request of a person.
But he must have been remorseful, he disappeared,
and to get away from the person who was chasing him, he lived here in hiding.
The letters he sent to the aunt must have been a gesture of gratitude
because she let him live here.
He used coded messages to prevent people from knowing where he lived.
So, whoever was on the lookout for the mail the aunt was receiving was....
Yes, it was probably the customer with the counterfeit bills!
The same one who smashed the toys you hid.
Correct answer!
I did my best to discover the hiding place
and just when I thought I knew where he hid the matrix, I found the toys.
I'm sorry for you, but they were destroyed.
I knew he had a good relationship with the owners of the villa,
but I didn't know there was a hidden camera.
Thanks, guys.
Don't move!

I don't want you to turn me into a murderer too.
And if a bullet hits the womb, I'd be useless junk!
Are you for me, kiddo?
Yes, I'm talking to you.
See that Grandpa gives you the womb, and bring it to me.
All right, good girl.
Look, if you give it to me nicely, I'll give you a prize.
Damn kid!
You want me to kill you?!
Don't be impatient.
I'll give you this later, don't suffer...
Mr. Tomoaki... Okuda...
What?!
How did you know my name?!
This gentleman told it to me before!
Ah... Ah... Corpses don't talk.
If for the ears he will feel.
Surely this man's spirit still strikes.
Ha-ha-ha!
Marrec!
If you continue to try to pull my leg...
(Ghostly voice) Tomoaki Okuda, Tomoaki Okuda, Tomoaki Okuda...
(Voice) Tomoaki Okuda...
Here.
As I promised before, this is for you.
Take that!
Co... Conan!
Let's run away now while we can, hurry!
If the ghost came back we wouldn't know what to do!
Ah, that voice came from here!
From there, man!
(At the same time) The Yaiba Transformer!
I have recorded my voice
and played it back several times slowly.
Hey, how did you know how to say it, this man?
Ah!
In the half-written letter he puts it in code.
He says, "I don't want this work of art, I have it on Tomoaki Okuda."
He must have wanted to entrust this work of art to my aunt
to entrust this artwork to my aunt,
and he wrote the coded messages showing where it was.
Hey, now do you know where she is, that aunt of yours?
Ah!
She died last year, at 96 years old.
In fact, she never married.
The letters she sent you may not have been just because she helped you.
(Title: "Free Magic")
Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Off) "After two hours, the police arrived,
they arrested Tomoaki Okuda and we went back."
I don't know, I don't get it.
I'm just overwhelmed by your father's words.
You are like a shining sun, doctor!
After that he called me "Doctor Sol Solet" for a while.
Apa, you were worried about this?
It was just a joke.
A joke?
Look how you spell, your name, with this table!
You see ? it's all solos!
Yes, it's true!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
How funny!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I am Dr. Sol Solet!
There's someone outside.
In the end, there's only us left.
He has deceived us!
This is unforgivable!
Conan!
Run away, Mitsuhiko!
In the next chapter...
The Disappearance of the Junior Detective League
The clue to the next Conan is... The puppet show!
The Junior Detective League is back in action!
(Mitsuhiko) I'll be the main character!
(Genta) -What?

