"He is bright as a spark and has a precise wit.
"Today's setting is the Karakuri Gorge.
"A spider's web tangles around a dismal crime.
He has the brain of an adult and he's...Detective Conan!"
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume Daka wa.
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Furet kata no mukumori nagareta kimi no Namida wa.
Yoake mae ni umarekawaru tsuyosa ni!
Tatoe hanarete mo Futari wa...
Toki wo tomete yobiaeru yo Soko ni ay ga areba!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Osaerarenai jounetsu ga.
Mezashita hikiyoseru, kotae wa Itsu mo kimi da kara!
Quest for love, quest for all truth!
Hitomi ni Himeto yume dake wa!
Dare ni mo shinai kara,
azayaka ni ima shinjitsu wo dakishimete!
The Spider Mansion Monster (The crime)
I don't get it.
I have the feeling that we go around in a circle.
Heiji, it's a possibility, but you mean we're not lost?
We haven't seen people or cars for a while,
we've also neglected our cell phone and the motorcycle has run out of gas.
-You see how we had to come by cab? -Plom, girl!
I know this area well!
Besides, you wanted to get on the bike at all costs!
The Takeda's letter said that you could arrive until the evening, right?
Yes, that's true!
They didn't give me a contact phone number
and they sent me a lot of money to solve an unusual case.
I had to come and pay them back.
I wanted to solve the case, but it's dark and I'll have to sleep outside.
What do you mean!
In the dark?
No!
Without a tent or a sleeping bag in the middle of this forest?
I don't want to catch a cold!
Sharing and stuffing our spare clothes,
and sleeping tightly together, spending the night won't be so terrible.
(Think) All... both of us holding each other?
Wow!
But don't do ugly things to me, eh?
This is what I should say!
(American accent) Au, calm down.
No need to argue, guys.
Come on, Kazuha.
We haven't seen anyone.
Yeah, let's go.
Ah, wait.
It was a joke, a joke!
My name is Robert Taylor, I'm American.
I am a photographer who loves the nature of Japan very much.
I was taking pictures of this forest that brings back so many memories.
I was able to come here thanks to Takeda, who helped me a lot...
The Takeda?
Do you know the family?
Yes.
Now I was planning to go for a visit.
-What a coincidence, so were we! Could you guide us to the house?
Well... it's just that I got so excited by the landscape that...
Don't tell me that... that you're lost too?
Yes.
But, if you're going too, maybe...
-Decided, we'll spend the night in ras. -What!?!?!
No, no and no!
What do you want us to do?
No one's coming.
Hey, wait a minute!
Wait a minute!
Let them wait for you, Reco!
You see?, they've stopped!
What are you doing, you rascal?!
Excuse me, excuse me, I didn't expect him to get it right... Eh?
Aaaaaaaah!
What are you doing here?
Well, if it isn't you, Hattori!
(Think) This means...
(Think) I don't know why, but I had a bad feeling.
You've also received a request for me to go foul Mr. Takeda?
Yes.
But unlike you, I've been asked in writing.
My client is Nobukazu Takeda, the head of the Takeda family.
He has also paid me 50,000 yen before fees.
If they wanted you, I don't understand.
Why do they want my services?
Maybe there's another house.
Hey, let me see it, come on!
Let's see this...
"Next Saturday, before the sun sets,
come to the Takeda family residence in the Karakuri Gorge.
You will see how a live puppet becomes the prey of a spider ".
The capture of a spider ?
(Man) Talk about the events in our house.
Unpleasant things have not stopped happening.
People have given it a nickname:
The Spider Mansion of Puppet Gorge.
This is the nickname and, of course, it's ugly.
The Spider Mansion...
(They think) of Puppet Gorge?!
(Robert) What?
That Misa died 3 years ago?
What.... What happened to her?
Two years after you left,
she went to the puppet warehouse and hung herself.
So, she committed suicide?

Yes... Next, my sister did it.
Misa's mother hung herself in the same place.
Why, so many suicides?
We don't know.
Besides, it doesn't end here.
There are still more things?
Yes.
Just yesterday..,
the man who ran my brother's business, Mr. Negishi...
hung himself in the warehouse in the same way.
While we at home were away he sneaked in and...
That gentleman went in and out of this house frequently?
Yes.
My brother-in-law is a puppeteer artisan,
and in Negishi he would come and transport his puppets.
(Man) It's about the Negishi case.
My brother wants you to solve it.
I am the second son of the Takeda family, my name is Ryuji.
You don't speak the local dialect.
No, it's just that we're always in Tokyo.
We came here because we had a few days of holiday,
and my brother asked us to wait for the detectives.
Detective Mouri!
Nobukazu Takeda, I'm your client.
I'm sorry to have made you come to these backwoods mountains.
That's all right...
Mr. Detective, let's keep this between us.
I believe Mr. Negishi was murdered in this house.
If you find out who murdered him, tell only me!
Do you understand me?
Ah... Yes.
Let's change the subject.
These 4 young people are your children?
I had understood that you would come with two companions.
Well, no, the truth is...
Mr. Nobukazu.
Good to see you.
Caram, Robert, it's been a long time.
It's been three years since we've seen each other.
I came to thank you for what you did for me.
Come in, welcome home!
I remember that t'avenies much with the Sae and Emi.
Take advantage of the fact that they are back for a visit.
Hello Sae, hello Emi!
She's grown up a lot.
Murderer.
It has returned to murder someone.
Yes, he's back.
-Yes. -Yes.
Stop it, girls!
Excuse me!
(At the same time) Mom is scary too!
-Sorry, sisplau. -Ah, it's okay.
Mom, why are we the only ones who eat half fish?
Why are we?
Excuse me, little ones.
I didn't buy enough fish and we're two fish short.
What?!
Excuse me, if you want to take this one.
Kazuha, if you leave it, I'll catch it myself.
What a face you have!
What?
Excuse me, where are you taking this dinner?
The Duke to the mistress.
Since the death of Mr. Negishi,
which is in his room placating the divine wrath...
Well, how curious.
Well then!
I also start to pass, I have to finish a puppet.
Mr. detective...
Start to investigate thoroughly from tomorrow.
Yes, and so much!
Until tomorrow, take it easy.
Hey, Yuzo, aren't you helping out at Nobukazu?
Don't be impatient.
One more drink and I'm off.
Can I borrow the truck?
I'd like to visit Misa's tomb.
At this hour?
Yes.
If I leave now,
I'll arrive when the moon is in the middle of the mountains.
The moon in the middle of the mountains?
Can I come with you, please?
(Robert) -So much! -Vindràs, Ran?
(Robert) -So much!
I'll come, I'll come!
Hey, Ran... You'll come too, Conan?
Take this with you.
I wonder if there's a problem.
What's wrong?
What should happen?
Take it away, take it away.
It's obvious that this little boy is jealous.
(Thinking) Donkey, it's not that way.
(Kazuha) -Goodbye, see you later! -Good bye!
Something, king, we're going to bathe first,
don't stop feeding the bath fire.
(Kazuha) Very well.
(Adult voice) Those two are not acting normally.
(Yuzo) It's true.
(Yuzo) Hey, brother!
(Yuzo) -Brother! -What's up, Yuzo, thunder boss?
I can't find Nobukazu.
Nor has he returned to his workshop.
-What?
-What did he say?!
In the warehouse!
Did you look in the warehouse?
I looked everywhere.
-And on the second floor of the warehouse? -Not there.
That's strange.
The second floor window is open.
That's where those suicides took place.
No one goes there.
The stairs are those?
Hey, wait!
Damn you!
The door is locked from the inside!
Please put on an axe or something!
(Think) What is this?
-Brother... Brother!
De... Hurry up!
Call for an ambulance!
Yes, sir!
You don't have to call for an ambulance;
you must call the police.
The body has already cooled down.

It will be about an hour since he died.
-What? -What are you saying?
You can't come in!
This could certainly be the scene of a murder.
A murder?
They sent me a letter where it said:
"Perhaps you will see how a live puppet becomes prey to the spider."
The letter announcing the murder.
That it happened again meant that other cases were murdered.
I wanted to stop today's murder and solve the previous cases,
but I was caught off guard.
Who... Who are you?
Heiji Hattori!
I'm an Osaka detective well known in this region.
A detective?
I've heard of you.
They say you're a smart and alert young Osaka detective.
But, hey, you've done well enough to let that little boy in?
Yes.
It doesn't matter!
He's like a kind of assistant to me.
(Thinking) "A thumbtack?
"The head is rusty, but the nail is new.
"It looks like it just fell right off.
"But what's it doing here?
Anyway, call the police, please.
Yes!
But if it's a murder,
the murderer must have used some method to get out.
Through that window, perhaps?
He must have used a rope.
That's impossible.
That window is small.
Not even a small child could get through.
Wait a second!
We just slammed the door because it was locked from the inside.
If that window is too small, it means...
This is a crime in a locked room!
It's the work of the Goddess!
The Spider Goddess has climbed up to the warehouse
with her 6 long hairy legs
and has died in Nobukazu by strangling it with her thread.
He has punished her to build a storehouse in this sacred place.
Reckless, reckless.
You too, detectives, if you dare to say this is murder,
the goddess will punish you.
The Spider Goddess?
What does she mean?
It tells of an ancient legend handed down from generation to generation.
Years ago, in this gorge lived a lady as beautiful as a goddess.
She would stop travelers who wanted to cross the gorge
and presented them with a riddle:
"Does paradise exist? Would you like to go there?
All travelers without exception, seduced by her beauty, ended up answering "yes",
ended up answering "yes".
Then, they disappeared into the forest and were never seen again.
A puppeteer craftsman hatched a plan:
He made a mechanical puppet on a human scale,
left it on the path to the gorge and watched the scene from a distance.
The woman appeared and posed the riddle,
but the puppet did not respond.
Angry, the woman revealed her true form,
a terrifying spider, and attacked the mechanical puppet.
The artisan puppeteer shot some flaming arrows,
and surrounded by flames, the great spider flew into the forest to escape.
The puppeteer followed it.
She had burned to death in her lair along with her young.
The villagers made a Shinto shrine in the burrow,
deified her with the name "Spider Goddess,"
and called the gorge "Karakuri", from the mechanical puppet.
It's just a story.
Why should divine punishment befall them?
The chapel was located where the warehouse was built.
You... destroyed the chapel?!
Yes.
In Nobukazu he followed the tradition of his father, who was a puppeteer,
and built the warehouse despite the opposition of the locals.
After 3 years, we discovered the Misa, daughter of my elder brother,
and Kinuyo, his wife, who had committed suicide here.
Both had their bodies surrounded by spider webs.
Yesterday, history repeated itself,
with Mr. Negishi entangled in threads.
Threads?
His wrists and ankles were tangled with threads,
like those used by puppeteers.
Like those of my brother.
It's as if he was caught in a big spider's web.
That's why they call it the Spider Mansion of Puppet Gorge.
Someone has used this divine punishment
to pull the wool over our eyes with this murder.
By the way, the surroundings of the tomb they have gone to visit,
is where they say the Spider Goddess appeared.
It can't be!
(He thinks) "It was a good idea to give him the cell phone.
Shit!
They use the phone!"
Come on, Kogoro!

Leave me the phone, please!
Come on!
Kogoro! You have it.
The cell phone you left me.
Where did you take it?
Ka... Kazuha.
Are you here?
You're back already?
Why are you snorting?
When I told them you were gone,
he got upset and ran away.
-You were worried about me? -Bleda!
I wasn't!
Suddenly it started to rain, so we came back.
In this area there are usually landslides.
Hey, king, what is it, this commotion?
Well, actually...
(Kogoro) That Mr. Nobukazu has died?!
Back on the second floor of the warehouse?
-I had the door locked for dins. -And the police?
What do they say?
Now, the Miyuki has called them.
It's horrifying!
There has been a landslide.
The police won't come until tomorrow!
What are we going to do.
Mr. Robert, will you leave us the camera, please?
-Yes. What do you plan to do, with the camera?
You can imagine.
We'll do the preliminary investigation of the facts.
We can't wait until tomorrow.
"We"?
Eh?
Yes... It's obvious who I'm talking about.
It's me and this gentleman, isn't it?
Listen, stay in the room until the police arrive.
Try not to behave inappropriately!
Eh?
What's weird... What's wrong with you?
I don't have the pet I had in my pocket.
I'm sure I had it before I got on the truck.
So, it must be on the truck. I'll pick it up tomorrow.
Hey, do you want us to go get it now?
Mr. Yuzo has neglected to keep the key of the truck.
Besides, I have a flashlight.
But the father told us not to leave the room.
It'll only take a little while.
How's it going?
Can you find him? No, I don't think he's here.
Oh... Oh, man, I'm sure I dropped it down the mountain.
What a mess.
Maybe it was when we got into the truck in a hurry.
You dropped it and put it in your pocket.
It was such an important pet for you?
It belonged to that famous Kudo, didn't it?
He gave it to you?
No need to hide, it's written all over your face!
Ah... I'm getting a little bit mad at that Kudo, I really am!
Even though you always think, he doesn't care about you.
Where could he be?
If I were a boy, I'd take you away, take you with me and run away together.
Come on, Shinichi is not my boyfriend!
Besides, he's not that inconsiderate.
I don't know, I feel like he's looking out for me.
What?
Is he with you? No, but I feel like he's...
(Kazuha) I'm sure he was here.
Roberto stopped the truck and we ran out.
Then, Mr. Ryuji called us, I turned around and fell down.
Oh, no!
My batteries are dead!
I have them in my CD player.
I'll go get them!
She really is a fantastic girl.
That Kudo guy leaves a girl like that behind and goes who knows where.
What an idiot.
What's this?
A white bullet?
(Sae) -I knew it would come.
(Emi) Yes, it has come.
-You've seen it, right? -I have seen it, the thread of the spider.
-(Emi) -It's scary, it's scary...
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
-What was it, this noise? -Xxxxt!
It's the stairs!
(Think) Heavy footsteps?
It's not the Ran.
Who would think of climbing up here?
Kazuha!
Where are you?!
Kazuhaaaaaa!
In the next chapter...
The monster of Spider Mansion (the suspicions)

