(Off) "The water that flows has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Ready the riddle of the gorge, we will solve the case with in Heiji.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura Wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "The Takeda had requested the services of Heiji Hattori.
"He and Kazuha got lost,
and found Robert Taylor, an American.
"We, who were also going to Takeda's house,
passed by there at that time.
"There we had to go to solve the riddle of the Spider Mansion.
"That night, the Takeda's first-born son, in Nobukazu,
committed suicide, hanging himself in the puppet warehouse.
In addition, the Kazuha was attacked,
and when we had finished our investigations,
we found her where she had died in Nobukazu."
But this...
Ka... Kazuhaaaaa!
A card? Yes, this is it.
I found something!
Hey, this is... No, it can't be.
This is the blunt object!
He says he found a strange bullet in front of the warehouse.
A bullet?
A small bullet, more or less like this.
(They think) A BB gun!
(Think) Sure! He could do it that way!
I've found it, Hattori!
I've found it too!
A peculiar thread with a knot forming a ring at the end!
Yes!
The murderer is that person, we can't be wrong!
The Spider Mansion Monster (The Solution)
(Ryuji) Eh?
Did you find out who the murderer is?
Mr. Mouri said that?
Yes!
He's asking you to please go to the second floor of the warehouse!
Ah, he wants you to take one of those big puppets from the workshop.
If you have gasoline, we'd appreciate it if you'd give it to us.
(Kogoro) What's he wearing on his head, that bearded man from Osaka?
How could he even think of lowering his body?
He said to wait for her here?
Yes!
He did!
(Kogoro) Ah!
Ha-ha... Here we go again...
(Kogoro voice) Oh, I see you've all come together!
Now we'll talk, about the truth that the murdered are hiding.
Wait a second, Mr. Mouri.
I want to make it clear that when we found my dead brother,
the door was locked from the inside.
This chamber has only one access door
and that window is very small.
I don't think this is due to any divine punishment,
but if you say there is a murderer, will you explain how he escaped?
(Kogoro voice) If there is a method to escape,
I am the first one who would like to ask the murderer.
But it is very clear that the murderer had no need to flee,
because when he killed Mr. Nobukazu, he wasn't in here.
It's... it's impossible!
Then how did he do it?
With the fishing line that is used by the puppets!
(All) Oooooooh!
The murderer has used fishing line, a string and pins,
and has created a concrete space, this closed chamber!
The assembly is simple:
First, we leave the rope so that the end tightens tautly,
and we tie it to the beam.
Then, with small rings formed at the ends of the string,
open the bow at 4 points
and fix it around the window with pins.
Another fishing line is passed
through the point where the knot of the fixed rope originates,
(Voice Conan) We pass it under the beam and leave it outside the window.
(Conan voice) It would look like this.
Ca... caram.-Huh?
(Kogoro voice) The murderer had stayed here with Nobukazu,
and if I made him look out the window, tighten the strings from outside,
the eye of the rope would narrow and he could murder.
Why did he lock the place where he had stayed?
If a person you are meeting asks you to look out the window,
most likely he suspects something.
He locked the inside because there was a private matter to deal with.

And he looked out the window because he must have heard noises.
Noises?
Yes, the murderer has fired some pellets at the window
with a compressed air pistol,
and thus induced her to stick her head out to look outside.
He killed her to avenge the death of Misa, who committed suicide here.
To... to avenge Misa?
The murderer knew that he made life miserable for Misa in Nobukazu,
because he knew she was not his daughter,
and the murderer thought that's why he killed himself.
That she was not his daughter? -What... what do you mean?
Am I right, Mr. Ryuji?
I know... dear...
Forgive me, Yoko.
I knew I had to explain it to you someday.
Misa was conceived by my brother's wife, Kinuyo, and me.
She was my daughter.
No... it can't be!
It's a lie, isn't it?
Dear...
It's true.
That happened before you and I met.
The Kinuyo found out that my brother was sterile
and asked me in tears.
"He wants to have a child, make his dream come true, I beg you."
Since we had the same blood type,
we were sure it would never come out.
Three years ago, the doctor at the hospital, in an oversight, told her.
As a result, the Misa committed suicide
and Kinuyo, who felt responsible, did it next.
And all because... because I accepted that terrible plea!
Dear...
But how did you deduce that Misa was my daughter?
How did you deduce it, eh?
Tell me!
(Kogoro voice) By name.
If we put Misa's name next to that of the twins, Sae and Emi,
we will see that each one begins with the syllable with which the previous one ends.
Perhaps she wanted to baptize them in this way
to relate in some way to his daughter.
(Off) "At the funeral of the Mass and the Kinuyo,
you were more upset than usual."
The name of the girls was chosen by the mother.
(Grandmother) I knew it!
I baptized in such a way that the 3 names were intertwined
to make you happy.
Don't take old people for fools.
When the Kinuyo came back from the hospital with the baby
and I saw her post, I realized it right away.
But I would not have imagined that you, the little brother, would hate him
to believe him responsible for the death of your daughter and the murder!
And on top of that, you wanted to blame the goddess!
You have left me stunned!
You are wrong, mother!
I didn't kill my brother!
Mr. Ryuji is not the author of the crime. (Kogoro voice)
I've said it before.
The murderer has shot at the window with a BB gun,
and when Nobukazu peeked in, he pulled the string and killed her.
If anyone had seen a person
person behaving in such a suspicious manner in front of the warehouse,
they would have been immediately suspicious.
And because of the resistance that such a setup generates,
to execute it with just the force of one person complicated matters.
To successfully pull it off, you had to be strong enough to pull the pins out of the
to pull out the pins located at the ends of the eye of the rope.
Only one person could do it and go unnoticed!
Only you could do it!
Only one person could do it and go unnoticed!
Only you could have done it!
The man who was going to her grave with the girls.
Robert!
Only you could have done it!
After dinner, he went out to visit the grave,
stopped the truck in front of the warehouse
and while waiting for the girls to come out to pick them up,
you shot through the window from the driver's seat.
Then, if he tied the thread he had left dangling to the truck, when the vehicle moved, he would create a new one,
when the vehicle moved, it would create a force powerful enough to pull him under tension.
The thread, which would have remained attached to the truck,
he would retrieve it when he stopped to contemplate the landscape,
and dispose of them by throwing it away along with the gun.
Wait a moment!
It's true that I was driving the truck,
but the thread, he could have picked up someone else!
Besides, today I am in this house by chance!
It had been 3 years since I had been here.
I had even forgotten where I was and I got lost!
All the time I have been with you.
There was no time to make the assembly.
That's bullshit!
You haven't been away for 3 years!
It was only several days ago.

Yes, he killed Mr. Negishi
and prepared this setup that day!
How did he... As you say?
(Kogoro voice) You heard it.
That's why he murdered Negishi somewhere else.
He wanted to prevent the camera of the montage from being tampered with.
He sent a letter with an unusual request to en Heiji,
and waited for him so that it would be clear that he had not come for 3 years.
So that no one would imagine that he could compose that montage.
Even less if the young detective had picked it up lost on the way.
It was a perfect strategy, no doubt.
Why did he kill Mr. Negishi?
I still don't know.
I'm sure one day he found out that Misa had committed suicide
and about the drugs!
Dro... duelas ?!
Yes!
In collaboration with in Negishi,
in Nobukazu stuffed the puppets with drugs
and sold them at exorbitant prices.
-He... He was coming drugs?!
-That's impossible!
They will cry out loud later, when they have examined the puppets.
They will be able to see that they are stuffed with bags full of drugs.
(Off) "Robert, after murdering Mr. Negishi,
took a puppet with drugs that he had to take to Negishi,
used this excuse as a decoy to meet the next day at the warehouse.
"He called him:
"If you are interested in drugs, I have good merchandise, do we make deals?"
"And because of Mr. Nobukazu, who suspected
"And by Mr. Nobukazu, who suspected that Negishi had been murdered by someone connected with drugs,
this conversation was a spur!
"That's how he summoned him here, where he had made the set-up,
and murdered him."
Is that so?
Or am I wrong?
If you have no evidence, you can't say it, so many inconsistencies.
In addition, you have forgotten a fundamental aspect!
Tell us the whole story!
Explain to us the mystery of Nobukazu's death entangled in the threads!
-Hey, is it true?
-Ah... Yes...
Hey, mister!
I've got it all ready here!
Whenever you want!
If you hadn't told me, I would have been careless,
that Mr. Nobukazu was tangled up in a multitude of threads.
We've got the whole plot cleared up.
Come on, Conan!
(Conan voice) You won't have seen them because it's dark,
but a web of threads has been created and glued to the beams with glue.
(Kogoro voice) Now, less theory and more tests.
Let's put it into practice.
Mr. Yuzo, stick your puppet's head out of the window.
Like this, as if Mr. Nobukazu was looking out the window.
When Roberto saw that Nobukazu was looking out,
he started the truck.
In doing so, he tightened the string he had attached to the truck,
pulled out the pins
and, as the rope tightened around Mr. Nobukazu's neck,
he pulled back and made him nod against the column.
The rope broke with the pull,
the body was left in the middle of a sea of threads,
as if it had fallen into a spider's web, and dangling!
Now, the question is this, Mr. Robert:
How did you know that Mr. Nobukazu died entangled in the middle of the threads?
Only the 4 people who saw the scene of the crime knew:
Mr. Ryuji, Mr. Yuzo,
Miss Miyuki and Mrs. Tomoe.
Naturally, I have asked these people not to talk to anyone.
And then there is another person.
In other words,
the person who has made the set-up to assassinate Mr. Nobukazu.
Ro... Robert...
How did you... How did you know?
This is not fair!
He shushed them and waited for me to talk too much!
This is not fair!
By the number of fish.
At dinner time...
3 unexpected guests had come: you, the Kazuha and me.
And instead there were only two fish less!
This means that you had already been invited by someone from this house!
I suspected you and Mrs. Yoko, who had bought fish,
but when I found out that Mr. Nobukazu was keeping the accounts,
I only suspected you.
Since nothing had happened,
I allowed the Kazuha to go with you to visit the tomb.
But when we found Nobukazu dead, I got scared.
If I were the murderer, perhaps I would have fled, taking the Kazuha with me.
That I left the Kazuha hanging in the threads without killing her,

is explained because he wanted us to understand that this was a divine punishment.
And he also wanted us to believe that there was a way to escape.
But the Kazuha found the bullet from a BB gun.
But why also in Negishi?
A few days ago, when I came to visit, that man told me.
La Misa?
He committed suicide a few days after you went there.
In Nobukazu she was very bitter!
What could you expect?
After all, she wasn't his daughter.
She was a disgrace to the family and no one would have wanted to marry her.
Maybe she's better dead than alive.
With her eyes lost to drugs,
she spat these words at me with laughter!
For her, who didn't understand English very well,
for 3 years I have studied the reading and writing of Japanese,
and when I came to see her...
I wanted her to welcome me with her smile?
I wanted... I wanted...
Fantastic, but she overdid it, making the Kazuha go through it!
So much was given to me, that someone would get hurt
or that they suspected me!
The riffraff in this house murdered her!
Hey!
I didn't want to tell you until the end, but I'll tell you!
The Misa, who was so insecure in her soul,
that Misa with whom you communicate with the Latin alphabet...
(Think) Don't do it, Hattori!
The real reason for her suicide would be this!
This one I'll tell you!
(Twins) "Shine"?
That's right!
S-H-I-N-N-E... Shine!
It means to shine.
I'm sure Robert saw Mass as a person who radiated light.
(At the same time) Light?
In Robert he said he would marry a bride who shone like the sun.
We will have to ask his forgiveness.
Ask for forgiveness?
Mr. Negishi's name spelled the same,
and we thought that Robert had written in the Mass: "Die."
(Off) "The sky cleared up,
and the Tottori police pulled Robert over.
"In the patrol car, he kept whispering the same words.
"He kept repeating them.
"Why wasn't I born Japanese?
"Why wasn't I born American?
"Like a mechanical doll that had broken down, he kept repeating them,
"he repeated them over and over again..."
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Why did you go to the police gentlemen, Robert?
Why?
-Mala was the goddess Aranya. We have seen her!
Before entering the bathroom we saw the very long spider web!
Ah... If you have seen it for sure...
(Grandmother) Of course!
It is a prank of the Spider Goddess!
Roberto has returned to his country.
You don't have to worry.
(Grandmother) -Doesn't he? (Grandma) -Don't you, Grandma?
Please, Grandma, tell us more!
We want more stories!
Very well.
I'll tell you the one about the White Rabbit of Inaba.
We already know this one!
(Think) Well done, madam!
How nice!
But what's wrong?!
(Think) Drowned?
Because of some accident,
she couldn't run away from the giant shell.
(Think) No, this is not an accident!
It's a premeditated murder!
In the next chapter...
The kiss of Venus!

