(Off) "The water that flows has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Today, we will solve the case thanks to feelings.
"We have to know what's wrong with Ran.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "Kogoro had 6 months to live, according to tests.
"But it was a false alarm: I had misunderstood.
"What he had to do was to go 6 months without drinking alcohol.
"The doctor, Yoshiteru Araide, invited us to dinner at his house.
"At a certain point, the power went out,
and Dr. Araide appeared dead in the bathtub."
A dead angle in the dark, part two
A doctor who plays a college basketball coach?
Ask Ran.
I go to the same high school as her and she can confirm it for you.
(She thinks) "I can't believe it.
"I know why Ran her every day to karate training:
To see this guy!"
Wow.
Is this true, Ran?
Yes.
Besides, you can ask the institute to make sure.
Can I go and do the bandages now? Yes, go.
Ah, Grandma, you will also accompany me to the treatment room.
You don't need to pretend anymore, there's something wrong with your foot.
Foot?
Ah!
How did you do it, this wound!?
While I was going down in the dark I stepped on some dirt
and I cut myself.
Hey, can I go help in Tomoaki?
Yes, no problem.
Inspector!
I was able to talk to the lady Yoko was calling.
Ah!
What did she say?
According to this lady, the Masae,
from the time Yoko told her that the power had gone out
to the time she told her it was back on, it's been a minute.
I'd like to hear what Yoko says.
Is that okay with you?
Yes.
As long as it's after I've done the treatments...
About that... If you don't mind, I'll go and help out at Tomoaki.
There's a force I understand, in care... Well, then, if you want to go...
The content of the conversation matches.
In addition, they both say that the other call lasted about 7 seconds.
So, during the blackout he's been talking on the phone.
What did they want him to do?
Would you mind, showing us the floor plan of the house, if you have one?
So much for that.
No problem.
The bathroom where your husband was electrocuted to death is here, isn't it?
(Kogoro) This here is the kitchen, right, ma'am?
Yes.
(Kogoro) And the lead box?
(Kogoro) Leaving the kitchen you go to the left,
turn twice to the left, once to the right... and this is it.
Then, when Miss Hikaru has left to go to see the leads...
is when you said on the phone that the power was out, is that right?
Yes.
Well, I find it strange that it was one minute without power.
It takes half a minute to the place where the power went out.
The Hikaru recently who works here.
She doesn't know the house.
But when Tomoaki saw that the Hikaru had burned down,
he told him that he always put up with too much.
This is because when he was still a student,
he had her as a patient.
It is seen that Hikaru endured the pain in such a way
that she almost punctured his appendix.
That's why he came to work for you?
Yes.
Grandma is big,
and since I couldn't take care of such a big house by myself,
we decided to have her come and live with us.
I'm ashamed, Chiaki used to go out on her own...
The Chiaki?
Ah... Tomoaki's mother, who died.
It was in a car accident, wasn't it?
Apparently, she was drinking and driving.
She didn't usually drink, because it went to her head right away.
It was horrifying.
About that... And grandma's room where is it, please?
Upstairs.
You have to go upstairs, near the kitchen, and it's the first one.
Even though it's big, you have the room upstairs?

She really likes the view of the garden from there.
Hikaru's room is next door,
so I can attend to her.
Mr. Inspector, the murderer is the one who made the call.
He did it to distract Yoko and pass unseen.
Then he went to the bathroom and...
You fool!
And how did he come back?
Digues.
He's right too...
What is it, so many secrets again?
Ah, nothing...
Why don't we reconstruct what happened at the time of the blackout?
Good idea.
Now that everyone is still fresh about what happened.
I'm going to warn everyone, then.
Boy, you sure know your way around a bandage.
It's just that when I was little I knew a kid who was always hurting himself,
and I had to heal him.
It's a long time ago, from the... Ouch!
Wow.
You can't hurt yourself healing someone else...
It's not much.
Just wash the wound and put a band-aid on it.
Of it...
It's just that...
What is it, Conan?
What do you want?
He and... the inspector wants everyone to gather in the kitchen.
All right, we'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Hey, Hikaru...
Yes?
-Can you extend my band-aids? -Yes. -Yes.
(Think) What a fool... What should you imagine?
(Think) "Let's see...
"The leads must be at the end of the corridor, to the right.
"Yes, they are!
I've got it!"
Hey, Conan!
Watch out!
This is where Hikaru's vase broke.
Then he swept to pick up the broken pieces,
but the poor thing was well booed.
The doctor got angry and told her that the next time he would send her away.
(Thinking) Wait a minute!
This can be...
Very well.
Are you ready?
Come on, let's get started.
Okay, we're on the stairs.
We're already on the stairs.
I'm in front of the lead box.
All right, Takagi!
Disconnect the leads!
All right, Hikaru, go check the leads.
34 seconds.
It seemed to me that there wasn't even a minute.
Mr. Inspector, look.
If you cross the garden, you can get to the bathroom
without having to sneak past Yoko.
You mean...? That's right.
The killer could have taken a shortcut.
-Hey, what are you saying! -Don't talk any more nonsense!
Haven't we agreed that everyone in the house had an alibi?
What's the point of continuing to butterfly around here?
Hey, young man.
Just a moment.
Just stirring up the circumstances of the accident
and they seem to be having a good time.
Ah... what... what... what have I done wrong, Inspector?
No, miss.
(Think) "The alibis.
"Of the four people in the house,
there is only one who has a proper alibi.
"Of the other three, there's one I suspect the most, but...
"What is this?
"This red stuff must be blood. And what's stuck to it...
"Let's see if...
"I've got it! I understand what happened!
"So, there's only one person left.
I know who the murderer is!"
Go back and forth, 10 seconds.
You see, Inspector?
It may have been her.
So, what we didn't quite see clearly seems...
Yes.
It must not have been necessary...
Aah... Aaaaaaaaah...
What's the matter?
You've already thought of it, Mouri?
Yes.
Suddenly it all became clear to me.
I know the truth of the case. (Kogoro voice)
If you come with me, I'll tell you everything.
I've caught a pinch in my back and you should help me.
Yes, man.
Mr. Mouri asked you if he could get into the bathtub?
Yes.
He got soaked.
And he wants to do an experiment
to check if you can be electrocuted using the machine.
And the inspector and his gang? They've already left.
Well, well, what a pity!
What a pity what?
It's just that in Kogoro he said that later he would gather us all together
and explain his deductions.
Mr. Mouri said that?
Yes!
He says he already knows who the murderer is!
The murderer?
But it wasn't an accident?
Well... I don't know anything, but...
he wants to stay in the bathtub for a while and wait for us.
It's been more than 20 minutes.
Mr. Mouri takes a long time...
I've had enough of that man with the little moustache!
Grandma, don't be like that...
Hey, Ran...
About it... What's wrong with you?
Wow!
The power's out again.
Hikaru, can you take another look at the leads?
Yes.
How come the power went out again?
Ah!
That man said I don't know what to do an experiment in the bathroom.

Oh, no.
Father!
She sure went fast, this girl.
Yes, too much.
Ah! (Laughs)
Y... Inspector...
(Kogoro voice) What a surprise!
You're the one who murdered her, aren't you, Mrs. Yoko Araide?
That's funny!
There's neither the little boy nor Yoko... (thinks) It must be a trap!
(Think) It must be a trap!
Inspector!
What are you saying?
That I've murdered him?
That you've gone mad?
I only came so that nothing would happen to you.
As you said you would do an experiment....
(Kogoro voice) I wanted to make you see this,
but in fact you came to kill me because I found out the truth.
Don't talk nonsense!
The first time we have been without light I was talking on the phone.
The first time the lights went out, you caused it yourself
by putting a timer somewhere in the house.
In the middle of the darkness, you came all the way to the bathroom
thanks to the light of this pocket flashlight
and put the extension cord inside the bathtub
because he would be electrocuted to death when someone pulled up the wires.
Is that so?
I didn't tell him that I was on the phone the whole time?
How could I have done this?
By taking the supplementary phone and a cell phone, it can be done.
Unlike the normal device, the supplementary phone works wirelessly.
In addition, the normal device has batteries
batteries that allow it to continue to work even if the power goes out.
(Off) "After Hikaru has left the kitchen,
you took the extension cord and went to the bathroom.
"Then, using your cell phone, you called the home phone and answered the call to interrupt the power.
and answered the call to interrupt the conversation.
"You went into the bathroom, picked up the extension cord, which was plugged in,
and while focusing on her husband with the flashlight,
she put him in the water without him noticing.
"She must have told him to keep watch or something else,
"and made him drink at the bar.
"Then he went all the way back to the kitchen, talking again over the extension cord.
"When he got there, he picked up the regular device
and just had to wait for the power to come back on.
So when Hikaru pulled up the power, the fuse blew."
When the power came back on,
Mr. Yoshiteru, who was holding on to the bar,
was electrocuted and died instantly.
Mr. Mouri, this could have been done by any one of us...
That's right.
His plan was to have the phone alibi
and, at the same time, since you were the hallway
and you could see if anyone passed by,
that the others would also have an alibi secured.
But your plan fell through.
As the Hikaru took half a minute longer
to go to the lead box and lift the leads,
their alibi fell apart.
How come it took so long?
Do you want to know why it took so long?
Well, it was... because of a bowl of vegetable cream!
(Off) "Hikaru has broken a bowl of cream.
"She put it in her sleeve and, before she went to lift the leads, she went to hide the bowl of cream,
she went to hide the bowl in the cupboard."
Mr. Yoshiteru had threatened her
that if she broke anything again he would have her thrown out.
So, the burn she got?
Exactly.
Both Hikaru's burn and grandmother's injury
happened while there was no light.
(Off) "When leaving the room in the dark,
Grandma stepped on a piece of the bowl that had fallen on Hikaru."
The Hikaru has taken longer because she has gone back and forth from her room.
And Grandma's injury shows that she was upstairs then.
In Tomoaki, we can rule it out,
because the Ran has been clinging to his arm the whole time.
You are the only one who could have committed the murder.
Inspector, let me go to the bathroom, please!
Not now.
We are investigating!
You call setting a trap like this investigating?!
What a silly girl...
Look how she went to hide a bowl...
Seeing that one was missing we should have discovered it.
If the Hikaru had not done that no one would have suspected me.
(Kogoro voice) Wrong.
Even if that hadn't happened, I would have discovered her anyway.
For the hand with which she was holding the phone.
Before the Hikaru came out, you were holding the phone in your left hand.
But when the power came back on, you held it in your right hand.
How do you explain this?
Maybe you put the phone down at some point?
By the way, you went to see what was going on in the bathroom with Hikaru.

because she doesn't electrocute herself.
And she also would have stopped at Tomoaki if she hadn't stopped at Conan.
Well, yes, you are right.
Chiaki asked me to take care of everything in Tomoaki.
Before I had the accident,
Chiaki called me and said:
"Take good care in Tomoaki, please don't let him become like his father."
At the time I didn't understand what she meant,
but after I married him
I found the Chiaki's diaries and understood everything.
In Yoshiteru was such a womanizer that he would go with anyone....
He is to blame for Chiaki's drinking and dying...
Hey! Let me go!
I recommend that you confess and turn yourself in voluntarily.
Thank you... for caring about me.
No, I don't mean for you.
I mean for poor Hikaru.
You don't understand anything, do you, Mrs. Yoko?
You're the one who planned the murder,
but she was the one who pulled the trigger by pulling the trigger.
If Hikaru knows what happened, she will think it was her.
So, you did not say that it was provoked by...?
Exactly, because Hikaru did not realize it.
I propose you to state the following:
"I have put my husband to sleep with a sleeping pill
and I put him in the bathtub.
(Off) "I put a wire in the water and electrocuted him.
When the light went off, I went to pick up the timer."
In other words, death occurred the first time the power went out.
If he says that we forced him to make a false statement,
we will also come off badly...
Don't suffer, I won't.
Although I don't want to lose the esteem in which I am held by others.
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Sorry it's late.
No, and now.
In fact, I want you to tell your father...
To me?
(Thinking) Hell, no!
It can't be!
I can't believe it!
That I've gone too far before.
Tell him that next time I'll collaborate more....
(He thinks) "But what a s'empatolla!
Of it... I'm sorry to ask you now, but... what... what...
Do you mind leaving me this sweater for a few days, please?
The sweater?"
Now like this.
Now this way, like this.
Hello, beautiful.
What are you doing, with this sweater?
A friend of mine left it for me.
I really like it.
It's not too hard to make?
Let me look at something...
It seems to me that here... Will you let me?
Please don't let me!
I want to do this one by myself!
But don't say it doesn't look good on you.
If I don't succeed, show me how to do it with other needles.
But I've already finished two sweaters, teaching you!
It would be better if I gave her some cakes than a sweater.
What do you say?
I also want to give her a sweater.
Gee, you're jealous?
Let's see... Now like this...
Why don't you keep the sweaters I made?
They're annoying.
Okay, okay, okay.
You have received it?
(Adult voice) Yes, yesterday the doctor sent it to me.
Have you tried it on? Yes, now I wear it.
Thank you very much.
What are you laughing at?
Nothing.
Nothing, man.
Come on, Ran, tell me which rivers!
You can't tell.
Wow!
What was that?
(Think) The Sonoko!?
What happened, Sonoko!
In the next chapter...
A message just before death, part one...
The clue to the next Conan is... The noise of a fire castle!
The next Conan's stage will be an ice rink.
Stand back, I'm coming!

