(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"A message will allow us to discover the murderer!
"The truth will come out in the end.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "We went to the ice rink accompanying Sonoko.
"While skating, we met a group that did skeet shooting.
"While we were waiting for them to watch the fireworks together,
we heard a scream from the Sonoko, who was in the sink.
"When I went to see what was going on, what was waiting for me was....
the body of Chihiro Itami, shot through the heart.
"Because of the one written in blood,
Kogoro said that the murderer was Izumi Sano,
because her surname began with that one, but..."
(Takagi) -It seems to me that No.-Aaaaaah!
Why?
Only by looking at the victim can you guess.
He's been shot in the heart and died instantly, right?
It's hard that after being shot he was able to write anything.
(Off) "We discovered that in the name of the last call made,
the letters KIX appeared."
(Think) KIX?
Wait a minute, this sounds familiar?
A message after death, part two
(Think) KIX?
This rings a bell...
Inspector!
Will you let us take off our skates?
It's just that we haven't changed them...
If an officer accompanies you, there is no problem.
But come back as soon as you're ready.
Hey, Chiba, escort these gentlemen to the locker room.
Very well... Very good!
Come on, Yoriko... Don't cry, woman...
It's that Chihiro... Poor Chihiro...
Come on, Yoriko...
The inspector told us he'd find the murderer.
You fool!
Eh?
This phone you're carrying, isn't it the same as that girl's?
Gee, this kid...
You mustn't suspect me, right, handsome?
No, and now, and now!
I just want you to let me see.
Come on...
You have.
Gee, Co... Conan.
Don't make him lose, eh?
Sonoko, are you sure that noise you heard was from the fireworks?
Yeah, it sure was.
I heard a whistling sound and then a very loud noise, like thunder!
Gee, you changed your cell phone, Sonoko?
Yes, well, it's just that...
(Thinking) "I've more or less figured out the trick.
"The problem is that he could have done any....
To determine which of the 4 has been..."
Come on, Yoriko, don't cry anymore.
It's just that I remembered that accident and...
Yoriko...
You lightning, Izumi.
The day that happened, you didn't come for skeet shooting.
I was in bed with a fever!
Don't talk as if I was lucky I wasn't there.
Today I'm folding skeet shooting...
It feels like we're being chased by a curse,
and I don't want to die because my shotgun went off, like in Narita.
Enough about that!
Let's go, they are waiting for us!
(Thinking) "Wow! I get it now!
"That's why Chihiro said that Oda was different from the others!
"But I still don't have enough evidence.
"Catching the murderer with just that message....
"Two dark red stripes?
Let's see if...!"
What's wrong?
Conan!?
Where are you going?
(Thinking) "Let's see...
"Let's see if...
"Let's see if...
Hey!
What are you doing?
"Here!
"That's it!
"I've got it! I have the definitive clue!
With this I can catch the murderer!"
Hey, what are you doing here, boy?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong!
Inspector Megure!
In a wastebasket outside,
he found a coat that could be the one the killer was wearing.
Very good.
Show Sonoko, who saw the murderer, and check it out.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hey, you!
Where, may I ask?
To return the skates, inspector.
The interrogation, we can do it later, right?

Besides, we have an alibi: we were on the runway watching the fires.
That's right.
We were all except Oda, who doesn't like fireworks.
It's lucky that I went to see them today...
If I had stopped watching them, they would suspect me.
Izumi!
Isn't it true?
(Thinking) First we slept in Kogoro with this sleeping pill...
We'd better get going.
Let's see if we can clear it up a bit.
I've already found the answer, Inspector.
(Thinking) Hell, no!
What's he doing?
Oh!
You know who the murderer is, Mouri?
Of course I do.
This time I'm sure I got it right.
Who had arranged to meet the Chihiro here
and shot her with the shotgun...
...is you,
...Mr. Kunimoto Oda!
It was you, wasn't it?
Eh?
It can't be!
Hey, hey, wait a minute!
I...
You had too good a rival.
He wrote this handwriting on the wall
to make it look like it was a message from Chihiro,
but he won't fool me!
(Thinking) As if you weren't fooled.
You wrote this handwriting after committing the crime!
It is very difficult for a person who gets shot in the heart
to dedicate himself to writing letters.
And with what Izumi, Sano just said, I understood it.
As I knew that Miss Sano was never going to watch the fires,
committing the murder when they started,
you wanted to put the blame on her, who would have no alibi.
The fact of writing the initial of your last name next to the victim,
and using your shotgun was also because we suspected her.
But, unfortunately for you,
the Izumi has gone to watch the fireworks
and you are the only one who has no alibi.
Your plan has been... Aaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah...
This is what the killer wanted us to believe. (Kogoro voice)
He wanted us to only look at Oda so he wouldn't be suspicious.
But it wasn't him, the murderer.
What?!
So who the heck is the murderer?
Mr. Oda has been ruled out,
of the 3 remaining people in the skeet shooting group,
the one who killed Chihiro...
...is you!
Discarded Mr. Oda, out of the remaining 3 people,
who has killed the Chihiro is you...
...Izumi Sano!
The... the Izumi?
(Kogoro voice) That's right.
You used your shotgun,
and wrote the initial of her last name to throw us off the scent.
It's most likely that the killer doesn't use a weapon of his own,
or leave an initial to give away the crime scene,
and you wanted to deceive us by doing the opposite of what is done.
You have changed the place where he has shot, from the mouth to the chest,
to give a touch of verisimilitude to that initial.
Someone shot in the head cannot write anything.
I've been on the track since the fireworks started!
If the crime was committed when the fireworks started,
it couldn't possibly have been me!
That's assuming that the crime was committed when the fireworks started.
Don't talk nonsense!
Sonoko said it clearly, didn't she?
When the fires started, the murderer was in the toilet!
No.
Sonoko didn't hear the sound of a rocket,
but a shotgun!
How can you confuse the sound of a rocket with the sound of a shotgun?
(Beeping)
(Conan's voice) Bang!
What, wasn't it as if you felt a rocket?
Ah, yes.
But how did you do it?
Let's see.
With it!
Look!
A 5 yen coin?
If you put it to your lips and whistle, the noise becomes loud and high-pitched,
until it resembles the whistling sound that rockets make when they go up into the sky.
(whistling)
Yes, it was a noise like that.
Do you see, inspector?
If you hear a gunshot afterwards, it's easy to mistake it for a rocket. (Kogoro voice)
Besides, everyone was waiting for the fireworks to start.
Under these circumstances, then, it is normal to get confused.
In addition, the Sonoko said that then only a snap has been felt,
when, in fact, the fireworks started with 3 rockets in a row,
one red, one blue and one yellow.
(Conan voice) This is true.
Oi, Sonoko?
Eh?
Yes.
We were lucky that Sonoko was in front of the toilet.
With her there were two or three other girls.
This toilet is the only one where you can enter with your skates on.
It's logical that if you put up the sign saying that they are cleaning,
two or three people have to wait right away.

In short, Miss Sano had met with Chihiro.
(Off) "She put up the sign so that no one could enter,
she closed the door with the latch,
she took out of her coat the shotgun that she had taken from the closet,
and he/she has gone to the washroom.
"He pointed the shotgun at her,
he waited until there was a minute to the beginning of the fire...
and made that noise with the coin.
"Then he wrote the letter ay with the blood of the Chihiro,
and, before the fires began, he returned..."
to put the blame on Mr. Oda,
because as he doesn't like fires, he would have no alibi.
-Is this true, Izumi? -Izumi?
She's right.
Doing it this way, I could have killed her.
But why do you say it was me?
Any one of them could have done it!
Izumi!
I don't know who the murderer was,
but if you continue to make false accusations...!
(Kogoro voice) KIX.
Do you know what this is?
Ah... It's what Chihiro randomly wrote on her cell phone, isn't it?
No, it wasn't by chance.
Surely, when you put the shotgun in her mouth,
Chihiro put her hand in her pocket,
wrote the message she wanted to leave on the cell phone
and then pressed the arrow key.
She knew that we would use the call back function and discover her message.
and we would discover his message.
That's why instead of the phone number there are only bearings.
If you go by pressing the arrow, a pad appears on the screen.
If so, the letters we have found,
are a message that he left us before he died!
And what did he mean by KIX?
Does it have to do with my last name?
It seems to me that he always said it, the Chihiro:
of all of you, Ode is the only one who is completely different.
What do you come up with now?
The victim's surname was Itami.
The two people behind her are named Komatsu and Mizawa,
and your name is Izumi Sano.
Although you don't understand?
What if I tell you that your friend who died in the accident was named Narita...?
What do you say?
Wait a minute... I know that!
Airports!
Except for Oda, the other surnames are names of airports in Japan!
But in the city of Sano there is an airport?
You are right... What does it mean, then, that KIX?
Ah! Ah!
That's right!
KIX is the three-letter code
by which Kansai International Airport is known.
So, it refers to the Kansai Airport in Izumisano City.
Do you understand, now, Miss Izumi Sano?
But this could be a message to blame me!
Very well.
And if I show this to her, will I just convince her?
In front of the toe of the victim's left foot,
there's a strange blood trail.
A blood trail?
What... what is this?
The mark left by the blade of the skateboard
when Ms. Sano bent down to write that one.
All running away, it left a similar mark on the floor of the hallway.
She may not have noticed it, but...
on the leaf of her courtyard, a stain of the blood of the Chihiro!
(Yoriko) And... Izumi!
Wow, the name of the airports...
You could only have come to her,
who still lived with her parents and never stopped traveling.
-So, Izumi, you're the one who has...?
-But... but why?
Because of Narita.
What?
In Narita?
To avenge his death, who committed suicide because of Chihiro.
-She committed suicide!? - But it wasn't an accident, was it?
That day, Chihiro gave pumpkins to poor Narita...
and he collapsed.
He pulled the trigger himself.
He said it was an accident while cleaning the shotgun.
I told him so many times, this girl wasn't worth it...
But killing her for that is a...!
If she had killed herself because she rejected him, I wouldn't have done it!
What made me lose my temper
is knowing that she was dating two guys at the same time!
With two guys?
Yes.
That day when I was in bed with fever,
in Narita he told me that he couldn't take it anymore...
that a friend had betrayed him, that Chihiro and Oda understood...
He was crying so much that he could hardly speak....
But, then, Oda didn't go out with you?
Of course.
Without knowing Narita's feelings,
Oda didn't have any problem to wrap me in it and make me jump!
That's not true.
She used this excuse to get men off her back!

Well, why didn't you tell him, this, in Narita?
He asked you, but you didn't answer him.
Ah... I'm sorry, but I didn't pay attention to him.
I was only thinking about you.
I was worried because you had a fever.
Maybe you should have died to me, Izumi...
Well, we'll go on to the police station.
Listen...
So, I can trust you?
Even though we're separated,
you still...?
Yes.
Don't suffer.
I'll be patient and wait for you always.
Thank you.
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Remember) "Hey... Can I trust you?
Even if we're separated, you still...?"
(Sighs)
Wow!
So young and you complain like a little old lady!
If you don't know why I sigh! (A cell phone rings)
Yes, hello?
(Boy) I've won, Sonoko!
I'm the champion of the winter tournament!
There are very strong wrestlers.
You fool!
Fool!
You fool!
Why didn't you call me before?
It's been two months since I sent you the phone!
I'm sorry... Since I didn't have to tell you anything specific...
Listen...
Sonoko, it's really cold in Japan now, isn't it?
Don't wear short skirts, you'll get cold.
I don't wear short skirts!
The one I'm wearing today is super long!
Wow, she bought a phone just to talk to Kyogyoku.
What a good idea, to have a phone just for the two of us, right?
(Off) "After a few days....
"In exchange for the sweater, I sent him a cell phone in the Ran.
"At first she looked at it very strangely.
But since she didn't dislike it, I was more at ease."

