(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"To celebrate the new millennium, a special two-hour Conan!
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
An assassination attempt 20 years ago
The case of the murders aboard the Symphony
(Think) I've got it all!
It only remains to demonstrate the solution.
(Think) Excuse me.
We're looking for a boy with an Osaka accent.
We were told that he had disappeared... (cell phone)
(Adult voice) I can't right now, doctor.
I'll call you back, okay?
(adult voice) What?
(adult voice) How?
Right now?
(adult voice) All right.
We'll keep looking for him between all of us.
Thank you very much.
What are you doing here, Conan? What are you doing here, Conan?
I'm not doing anything.
Where did he go, this kid? Who?
Who do you want him to be?
Well, in Hattori, man.
Oh, right, in Heiji?
He must be swimming with the fishes right now, surely.
Mouri, maybe that guy...?
Yeah, I'm sure...
Ah.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Father?
Hey, what's wrong with him?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with him?
What's gotten into him, now?
Father... (Kogoro voice)
(Kogoro voice) Ran, tell everyone who comes here, please!
I've finally solved the case.
Come on, quick!
What!
Is it true, that you've solved the case?
Yes.
I've tied it all together.
I already know the truth of everything that happened.
You're going to say that Kanie is not the murderer.
No.
The killer is in Kanie.
As you say, he made it look like he was dead..,
and hid himself waiting for the chance to kill you, Mr. Kujirai.
So, whose was it, that charred body?
It was Mr. Kameda's.
First of all, Kanie called Kameda and he died.
(Off) "Then, he put it in that box
and returned with all the others.
Then he set fire to the flag on the top deck."
And, when we were all upstairs, he lit the box.
When he put Kameda in the box, he didn't change her clothes right away,
hoping that the inspector would get tired of looking for that old man.
It takes a long time to change a corpse's clothes,
and he was afraid that the inspector would find out.
(Off) "It proves it that the deceased had his elbows at the level of his face.
"If when he is put in the box his arms are raised,
even if he becomes stiff from the heat,
it is easier to put the sweater on afterwards.
"The fact that the strap of the watch was not corded
will be because the watch from en Kanie didn't suit him, to en Kameda."
Before burning the box, en Kanie has called en Kujirai
to make us believe that the murderer was him.
One is usually suspicious of whoever prowls around the place before an incident.
But why did he have to make it look like he was dead?
To suddenly appear before Mr. Kujirai, and scare him. (Kogoro voice)
Let's not forget that he's one of the 3 who 20 years ago was going to be handed over.
Was he going to be handed over? That's right!
The old man who called himself Saiz Kano
was an invention of his to scare others.
In fact, this old man did not exist.
See the bullet wound in Kanie's body.
This old wound proves it.
No... it cannot be...
Of course it can be!
In Kanie he was "the brain in the shadow",
the man everyone thought to be dead,
it was in Saiz Kano!
It is not true!
It is not true!
This is not true...
It can't be that this man was in Saiz Kano.
In Kano... in Kano...
is my father!
Your, your father?
Yes, that's right.
In Saiz Kano, "the shadow mastermind", he is my father.
I came on this trip to look for him,
although it is said that the fellow robbers killed him.
I thought that... maybe he would be....
But now I see that he is not here.
But he may have changed his face and that....

But what do you take me for?
Even if you had changed your face, do you think I wouldn't have recognized you?
And so would he!
If he had only seen me, he would have known it was me!
Although... that more than 20 years have passed....
(Kogoro voice) I wanted to feel this confession.
I'm sorry, Miss Nagisa.
I figured as much, but I needed you to confirm it...
so that I could completely undo the murderer's plan!
The plan?
Yes.
It was all just a plan.
(Off) "The murderer wanted us to think that Kanie had killed Kameda
and burned her after putting on her clothes
to make us think he was dead,
that he has been hiding and has been shooting right and left to mislead us,
that after shooting at Kujirai from the bow,
he saw that he had no escape and committed suicide.
"He wanted us to swallow that en Kanie was Saiz Kano,
and that he had gathered his former comrades to take revenge."
So, the killer was a...
(Kogoro voice) Exactly.
It's someone else.
It's one of us!
Hey, Mouri!
What are you saying, man?
You know how it went, don't you?
(Off) "When the explosion occurred at the stern,
all the passengers were on the upper deck!"
The crew members also have an alibi.
As you said, there was no device to cause the explosion.
Yes, there was!
There was one!
In there?
A cigarette!
(Off) "To the gas can inside the box.
You have to put a lit cigarette on top of it and tie it with a string."
After about 10 minutes the string burns out
and the cigarette falls into the can, which lights itself.
But what about the features we heard at the stern and bow?
How do they explain?
When they have been felt, all of us who are here?
It can also be done with a cigarette.
(Off) "You put a firecracker and a cigarette together
and they are fixed to the railing with adhesive tape.
"When the explosion occurs,
both the cigarette and the firecracker fly off and fall into the water."
However, a couple of pieces of evidence remain:
A burn and a paint chip ripped off the railing.
Incidentally, the explosion we heard before the flag was burnt
was because the murderer had doused the flag with gasoline and ignited it
the firecracker and cigarette method.
In this way, the killer could be anyone.
Ah... ah...
So, who is it?
Tell us who it is at once!
Now... now... now... it's too late!
-What happened? -An explosion behind!
Stop the engines!
Have each section check for damage!
Down there!
Has there been any damage?
No, no damage!
(Kogoro voice) Don't worry, gentlemen.
Only one bomb has exploded 100 meters beyond the stern.
100 yards aft?
What? (Kogoro voice)
It was a bomb?
Just in case it might happen, I put it in a dinghy,
and I tied it to the railing with a rope to pull it away.
Mr. Ebina, I'm referring to the trunk with a ticking bomb
that was in your cabin!
A trunk?
Tell me how you knew that, detective.
There were no wrinkles on his bed, his cabin was impeccable,
that trunk was about to be opened,
and you kept asking what time it was.
It all seemed suspicious to me.
This bomb, I would have prepared it
to eliminate the robbers of that robbery 20 years ago.
He wanted revenge on the robbers who killed a co-worker.
-A co-worker... -A co-worker?
(Off) "The way he counted the bills gave him away.
It's clear that he worked in a bank.
Also, he let slip the name of the girl who died."
The name of the Yoshimi Samezaki!
She wasn't just a co-worker.
To me she was...
To me she was... the most important person in this world.
You're that boy who cried so much at my daughter's funeral?
Yes, that's right!
That day I left the bank, and I've been changing jobs...
but at all times I followed the robbers in my own way.
I didn't want them to escape me.
Ah... Oh, my goodness...
You were the important person that Yoshimi wanted to introduce me to.
That day, you...
If you had come to the bank at the time you had arranged,
maybe she would still... maybe she would still be alive.

I am very sorry.
But one of my men was wounded.
In fact, I found out about the robbery at the hospital.
(Mr. Ebina cries)
You also signed up for the trip after seeing the ad, didn't you?
Yes.
I thought maybe I could...
I had planned that if I was wrong,
I'd throw the trunk into the sea before it exploded.
So you've been killing those involved in the robbery, have you?
Eh?
No, it wasn't me!
It wasn't me!
I only had a bomb.
I don't know anything about handling firearms!
Believe me!
I know that you are not the murderer.
As I have explained to you,
because it looked like the killer was in Kanie,
the real killer had to make us believe
that it was the revenge of en Saiz Kano.
The fact of getting on the boat disguised as an old man,
leaving and re-entering without being in disguise
to create the ghost of en Saiz Kano...
That message to the ticket as if he had written it in Kano?
Everything was a montage
to put the fear in the body to the former partners of robbery
and make them believe that in Kano he wanted to take revenge on them.
And, in addition, he wanted us to believe that the scar on Kanie's body was a wound from the bullets he had shot.
was a wound from the bullets fired by his companions.
What, then, was that scar?
A wound that must have been made while he was in some foreign army.
One of those 3 had been a professional soldier, right?
Well, yes, one of the 3 that accompanied him in Kano.
Wow!
So...?
That's right.
The only thing I could know,
that is, that Kanie had a scar like that...
It can't be.
...is one of his former classmates!
Mr. Kujirai, you're the only one, right?
What... What are you saying?
First, you've been waiting for en Kameda to leave the restaurant.
(Off) "You brought up the subject of en Saiz Kano,
and, taking advantage of the confusion,
you went to the engine room and killed Kameda,
and hid it inside the box."
In the engine room?
Yes.
There are traces of blood, the cartridge of the bullet
and the letter quoting him.
I'm sure the letter was left under the cabin door.
Mr. Kujirai has returned to the living room,
he waited for you to get tired of looking in Kano,
and then he ran into Kanie.
You have probably met in the toilet on the side of the restaurant.
You have slept on Kanie with a narcotic and have taken off his clothes and watch.
Then he put it on Kameda,
and placed that cigarette device.
Then, he specifically called for a crew member to see it.
He wanted them to see that at that moment the box was not burning
and to make it look like it was there because someone had summoned him.
If he left the note in the wastebasket in the washroom, he made it look like he was shaking with fear,
he made it look like he was trembling with fear when he heard the name en Kano
and quoted en Kanie, it was for the same reason.
I'm sure he would have said that paper was attached to something.
I wanted to make believe that you had only quoted it here.
(Off) "You put the cigarette on the flag
before going to change the clothes on Kameda's corpse.
"So, when he heard the noise he went upstairs with all of us,
and when the explosion occurred at the stern he had an alibi.
"To Mr. Kanie, who was already asleep,
"he took her out of the washroom and carried her to the bow.
while we were in the stern, watching the corpse burn."
He has let some time pass and watched our movements.
(Off) "She put those cigarette devices on the stern
and took advantage of the moment when we were running
to return to the bow, get on Kanie and kill him.
"Then he has broken his arm with a bullet.
shooting from outside to break the glass in the restaurant."
Then he has only needed to set two more cigarettes with the firecrackers.
When he came back to the stern he said he would confess
and gathered us in the restaurant.
He just had to wait for the first firecracker to go off.
When he felt it, he threw himself on the floor, pretending that he had been shot."
Wait a minute, Mouri!
I saw the wound after hearing the shot!
If it had been a wound made earlier, he would have bled more.
The secret is a tennis ball!
Before shooting himself in the arm,
he pressed the artery with a tennis ball.

Thus, little blood reached his arm.
He held the ball until the first firecracker was felt.
Ran found the ball under the restaurant table.
Why didn't she kill Kanie as soon as he took her to the bow?
Because if Kanie had committed suicide
right after we discovered the charred corpse,
the setup wouldn't have been credible.
He wanted us to think that Kanie had put his clothes on Kameda.
The fact that he lifted her arms
and the fact that he left his watch strap unbuckled
were red herrings.
And having Heiji Hattori come all the way from Osaka was also because of that.
Mr. Kujirai could have hired us,
but you hired one from Osaka because you live in Kansai.
When we put the cards in the box,
people from Kanto use a different expression than you.
Well... Now we just need the evidence.
If we examine the bullet hole in the glass later, it should come out...
with the luminol test.
You shouldn't be able to see much, but I'm sure there's some trace left behind
from when you wiped off the blood that came out when you shot yourself.
You are wrong!
It wasn't me!
It is a trap!
It's a trap that someone has set for me!
Stop it, play the clueless!
What a beautiful star!
What!
Eh?
Can't you see it?
That beautiful star approaching from the port side.
What's that?
Wow!
But...
It's in Hattori!
That's right.
He has discovered that in Kanie was hanging on the prow
and you have made him fall into the sea.
It's living proof.
You can't make any more excuses, can you, Mr. Kujirai?
It was very difficult, knowing that Kanie was not the murderer.
How did you do it?
The key is the watch.
Seeing the watch of a left-handed man, with the crown upside down,
on the left arm of that corpse,
I knew Kanie couldn't be the killer.
No one puts the wrong hand on someone else's watch to make it look like it's him.
to make it look like it's him.
Well, that's how the watch of a former colleague gave it away....
By the way, whoever posted the announcement to warn of this trip
was also Mr. Kujirai.
It must have been a promise they made that on the day the case was time-barred
they would publish an advertisement with the name of Masaru Furukawa.
They wanted to meet on a ship
to take out of the safe the money they had not used.
And to open it, they needed a key, a seal and a signature.
They agreed that they would each take one of these 3 things,
and that even if they had changed their faces,
these objects would be the proof.
In short, in Kujirai he was in charge of the signature.
As in Kameda and in Kanie he has been shown the seal and the key,
in Kujirai he knew who they were.
Now I understand it.
He killed them to take the objects and keep the money.
What a fool!
To wait so many years for the statute of limitations to expire
and let himself be caught by these murders...
He wanted to win...
He wanted to win at Saiz Kano.
He wanted to make a plan more perfect than his.
Twenty years ago he said his plan was unbeatable.
He wanted to beat the "shadow mastermind" plan!
But so that all the people involved in the case have come ?!
In the announcement did not say anything about Saiz Kano.
Don't you know what it is, Masaru Furukawa, Mr. Kujirai?
It is an easy name to remember, with few strokes.
In Kano he told us to use it if nothing ever happened.
It can't be that nobody knows it!
I didn't expect this one!
If you turn the characters of Masaru Furukawa,
don't they become Saiz Kano?
That's why we signed up to come.
Besides, the statute of limitations on the case...
I half-imagined it.
Masaru Furukawa was a fake name he sometimes used in Kano.
But how did he pretend to win in Kano, man?
If he's been making him dance to his own tune for the last 20 years...
You have been well portrayed, master.
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Eh?
Have you fallen into the sea?
I don't believe it!
Well, believe it.
I've been hit from behind and I've fallen.
Haven't you noticed?
Steps from me.

But I'm glad you were able to save.
Yes, I was lucky that fisherman found me.
I had a terrible time.
I had to take off my clothes and signal him with the flashlight.
Did you take off all your clothes?
Of course I did!
If you want to swim dressed you weigh more and swallow all the water.
You'll be in the other neighborhood in no time!
The only things I haven't taken off are my underpants
and this amulet that I always carry in my pocket.
Look at it.
I don't know if it works or not, but....
He-he-he-he-he...
He-he-he-he-he...
What's the matter?
You see, you're running away from the studio again.
You're staring at the Kazuha's amulet in thought.
No.
I was thinking if it wasn't worth more than the pitch.
It's a joke to me.
But if I get punished later for throwing it...
It's better to let it go.
(blow)
How is it possible?
That 3 murderers have come out?!
They must be accomplices.
(Think) "3 killers for a single victim?
Sounds interesting."
In the next chapter...
The man who killed four times
-The clue to the next Conan is... -A rock-hard head!
In the next one, we'll have already changed the year.
Will you eat rice cakes? Yes!
Hey, keep your eyes on us!

