(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"To celebrate the new millennium, a special two-hour Conan!
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
An assassination attempt 20 years ago
The case of the murders aboard the Symphony
I heard a strange noise!
As if something had fallen into the water!
Didn't I tell you it must have been some fish that jumped?
There are a lot of bonito and flying fish in this area.
Did you see a boy who spoke with an Osaka accent?
With an Osaka accent?
Ah, yes!
He asked us for a flashlight.
(Thinking) "A flashlight?
"So, maybe it's on the deck looking for something.
"That noise I heard... Let's see if it's still...
Where are you going, Conan?
Knowing him, I'm sure this has happened!"
Hattoriiii!
Hattoriiii!
Hattori!
Where are you?
If you are here, answer!
Eeeeeh!
Hattori...
No, it can't be... It can't be!
Hattori!
Hattoriii!
Eeeeeeeeeei!
Hattoriiiiiii!
Hattoriiiiiii!
Watch out!
What are you doing here, boy?
What if you fall?
You have to watch out, more.
People are nothing before the immensity of the ocean!
Falling, it swallows you up and we've seen enough of you.
Do you understand, boy?
Conan!
Where have you been?
I thought that in Heiji...
Don't suffer, for his sake.
I'm sure it's somewhere on the killer's trail.
That's right.
Don't worry about him.
He'll turn up.
Don't worry.
I'll... Yoshimi...
Ah, no, nothing.
It's just that your voice reminded me of an acquaintance.
What were you three doing here?
Don't you think it's late?
Miss Isogai asked us to help you look for something.
-What was it? -A pendant.
Before I got into bed I realized that I didn't have it,
and while he was looking I found these gentlemen.
As they had nothing to do, I asked them to help me.
Is it this locket with a photograph inside?
I found it this afternoon on the bow of the ship.
Ah, yes, that's it.
Thank you, thank you.
I'm sure I lost it this afternoon, on the bow.
The girl must be you and the man who's holding her, her father, right?
Yes.
That's right.
Why didn't you give it back to him until now?
It's just that there's a hole in the father's face and I didn't know whose it was.
It could also be a picture of someone else's daughter.
At dinner time, I wanted to ask whose it was, but I forgot.
I'm sorry, that there is a hole in the face....
It's all right, this picture is more than 20 years old.
It's the only memory I have left... of my poor father.
(Samezaki) But what are you doing?
There's a murderer on board, and you're around here!
Mouri!
Why did you let them leave?!
They told me they were going to sleep, and that's why...
And of course.
You have no right to tell us what to do.
Besides, I don't want to be with a hysterical grandfather like you.
Watch what you say?
If you think it's so dangerous for us to be alone,
we might as well spend the whole night playing closed cards.
Shall we have a game?
Ah, yes, well... It's not right that we split up.
It's safer if we all stay in the same place.
By the way, have you found Mr. Kameda?
What do you know?
Nothing.
He's disappeared without a trace.
Just like in Kano.
And Hattori?
You haven't seen her?
That Heiss's son has also disappeared?
Shit!
What the hell is going on, on this boat?
Be that as it may, from now on everyone should avoid being left alone.
The murderer must be someone who is not here... or maybe he is...
Surely he is hiding waiting for someone to be left alone to attack him.
(He thinks) "Surely.

"When the first shot was felt,
Inspector Samezaki was here with us,
"and Mr. Kujirai had already returned from the washroom.
"Then, after we went up on deck,
the explosion occurred at the stern and the box with the body has ignited.
"No one was separated from the group.
"Moreover, Miss Isogai and Mr. Ebina have added us,
so it is impossible for them to have set that fire.
"Therefore, until we find out whose body was burned, the only ones who could have set the fire are the ones who could have set it,
the only ones who could have set the fire are the ones who were not there,
that is to say, Mr. Kameda, Mr. Kanie
and the old man who calls himself Saiz Kano.
"But something doesn't add up...
"Everyone is behaving strangely.
"And this overreaction by Inspector Samezaki....
"Something must have happened!
Something must have happened at the robbery 20 years ago!"
I go to the washroom for a moment.
I'll be right back.
(Thinking) "If there were in Hattori,
I could ask them questions about the case without them suspecting anything."
(Phone)
(Agasa) Yes, hello?
(Agasa) What is it?
Eh?
The theft of 400 million yen 20 years ago?
I'm watching a special program on the case.
It looks like the statute of limitations expires today, and everyone's talking about it.
I thought you might like to watch it and I recorded it.
(Adult voice) They didn't say anything about the robbers?
(Adult voice) Wait a minute.
Surely they have spoken.
The only one who has been identified is Kaizen Sano.
Of the other 3, they have sketches,
but it is not known where they are.
They said that Kano was dead?
Yes.
They found his jacket bloody and with bullet holes in it,
and the police concluded that the other 3 had killed him.
How did they know that it was en Kano's jacket?
It was because in the pocket they found a photograph that he always wore:
a photograph of him with his daughter in his arms.
What?
As you say?
It was a very unfortunate case.
When he felt the alarm,
one of the robbers panicked and fired without looking.
The bullet killed a bank employee named Samezaki.
Who was killed?
A bank employee named Yoshimi Samezaki.
She was a very young girl, poor....
(Thinks) "Yoshimi Samezaki? It can't be. It's masses of coincidences.
"Why is everyone who was related to the robbery the ship?
"Who is it, this Masaru Furukawa who has organized this trip?
Who the hell could it be?"
(Shots)
(Agasa) What was that?
I have to stop!
If you find out anything, please call me!
-Where has he been? -It seems to me that in the stern.
Come on, let's go!
I'll take the left!
You take the right.
Come on, let's go!
Hey, Conan!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Not a trace.
It's out of the question!
Look for him!
Look for him!
(Thinking) "What's wrong with you, Hattori? Why don't you show up?
"If you were well, you should have come out of wherever you were when you heard this noise.
Where the hell have you been, Hattori?"
I may have passed this way and re-entered the boat.
It's in Kano.
The killer is in Kano!
He's shooting wherever he sees fit to throw us off the scent.
Yes, but why is he doing it?
He's doing it for me...
He wants me... he wants me... he wants to kill me!
He wants me...
No... no... I don't want to die!
I don't want to die though!
I don't want to die!
Please, you must protect me!
I'll tell you everything!
I'll tell you everything!
(Kujirai) Yes, that's right.
I'm one of the robbers who did that robbery in Kano.
I took this boat
to share with me what I couldn't share with the others.
I received a letter from one of them.
It told me that from the time I got out until the statute of limitations ran out,
it would be impossible for us to get caught.
The letter contained an old 10,000 yen bill.
Then I started to get nervous.
But we hadn't seen each other for a long time
and we had all changed our names and faces.
I knew they were there when Kanie spoke to me.
He told me that the other one was in Kameda.
So, who is it, that person who intends to kill him?
This... I don't know...
This I don't know.
Isn't it Saiz Kano, whom you betrayed?
No way!
The day of the robbery we saw him sewn up with bullets.
He's dead!
Well, he must be one of the robbers, who wants the money for himself.

They haven't used them, have they, that money?
At first I thought so too.
But there's something wrong.
Something doesn't add up.
Everybody down!
Are you okay, Kujirai?
Where did you touch her?
Don't move.
Virgin.
This is a bullet wound!
(Gunshot)
Hey, kid!
Get down!
There's somebody!
There, in the bow!
Bastard!
This time you won't get away!
Inspector!
What's crazy!?
Hey, hey, hey!
You don't have a chance anymore, you feel me!
Put down the gun and surrender!
Hey, Kano!
Can you feel me?
You're in Saiz Kano, right?
Hey, Kano!
Answer me!
Ka... Kanie!
(Kogoro) But what the hell's going on here?
(Samezaki) Shot in the dust.
He's dead on the spot.
He's still warm.
The blood hasn't dried up yet.
The powder still has the mark of the gun on it.
Also, when the shot was felt, everyone was in the restaurant.
It is possible that Kanie shot himself.
That is to say that Kanie was hiding inside the bow of the boat
and he must have seen one of his former companions
confessing what happened in that robbery.
He shot her, but he didn't kill her!
Then, he must have realized that he had no way out of it
and killed himself.
What a stupid guy.
B-but... but... don't you find it strange?
The body we found charred was wearing his watch and his clothes.
Who was that?
That would be the third robber, in Kameda, who no one knew where he was,
or in SAIZ Kano.
Whoever it was, the one who killed him was in Kanie.
Then he burned the corpse
making it look like it was him to make us believe that he was dead.
The problem of all this is to know how he did it to avoid us.
Eh?
What's this?
At the bottom of the stairs there is something attached.
What's that?
A rope ladder!
If someone is hiding here it's impossible to find them, right?
Now I understand.
In Kanie had hidden here, while we were looking for him on the boat.
He has rope marks on his arms and legs.
This was his hiding place.
But there's something I don't understand.
Why was he pretending to be dead and hiding?
The only thing I can think of...
is that he did it to appear before the victim and scare her.
But why did he have to do all of this to kill Mr. Kujirai?!
They had both participated in the robbery and knew each other, right?
(Kogoro) Ah, yes... (Kogoro) You're right...
Well, well... There's a lot of blood coming out... He's hit the artery!
If it doesn't heal right away, it's going to get complicated.
Don't worry, don't worry.
La Ran has gone to get the first aid kit.
This time it was lucky...
He got out with a hole in his jacket and one in his arm.
Mouri!
Here it is!
The hole where the bullet entered.
En Kanie fired from the bow and broke this glass.
So now all we have to do is find where the bullet went in.
It must be over there.
What... maybe they're looking for this?
(Samezaki) Of course!
That's it.
But what an aim!
Luckily, it didn't hit any vital organs,
but to shoot from so far away...
One of the robbers he rented in Kano for robbery
was an expert with guns and had great marksmanship.
In fact, one of the few things that were known,
was that one of the robbers had been in a foreign army.
Yes, it would be in Kanie, surely.
Ah!
I'm here.
Good. Good.
Doors first aid kit, daughter?
Let's get to work.
First we must stop the bleeding.
Eh?
What about Conan?
Isn't he around here?
A guy who spoke with an Osaka accent?
Since he asked us for the flashlight we haven't seen him anymore.
That's strange.
Where did he go?
Couldn't we look for him in the cabins?
No problem.
But I'm sure he's not there.
That's right.
Earlier, while we were looking for a Kameda with Samezaki,
we didn't find anything in the booths.
Yes, we did.
And you haven't seen any disturbed booths?
That guy's a detective and he didn't show up.
No.
Besides, except for the one in Kameda, the others were closed.
The only one we didn't search was that one.
Yes, you're right.
But it was spotless.
Yes, Mr. Ebina's cabin.
There was only a trunk in the middle, and there were no wrinkles on the bed.

It looked like I hadn't even opened the trunk, didn't it?
Can you show me this booth?
Inspector Mouri asked me to.
Conan!
Conaaaan!
Hey, are you sure Inspector Mouri told you to do this?
Mm.
And not to tell anyone.
It's a secret of the investigation.
We're going back inside!
That corpse gives me the creeps.
Yeah, you're right.
You'd better go back inside too.
Yes!
What a bumpy ride.
Apparently, the murderer ended up committing suicide...
And that Mr. Furukawa, he must be waiting for us so calmly...
"Masaru Furukawa."
(Thinking) "He's the person who organized this trip.
"Surely the key is here.
"If the murderer was in Kanie, and he was this Masaru Furukawa,
everything that has happened would be logical.
"But it's not clear to me.
"The fact that that charred body was wearing the watch of en Kaine
and that Kameda had a seal with Furukawa's name on it intrigues me.
Shit!
If only I knew who he was, this coi of Masaru Furukawa..."
Excuse me...
Have you seen that kid with the glasses?
Wow!
Masaru Furukawa is...
Ah!
What?
A burn!?
(Think) "And here the paint is missing!
"Let's see if...
Conan?
"Here too!
"And here!
"I get it!
"In this way you can play with time
and with the movements of the passengers.
"And that's why he has made come in Hattori. But why, him?
Maybe he's very famous in Kansai? But... to make him come expressly?"
That's enough!
You're just going to you, as usual, and I always have to be suffering!
I was just coming back, Ran.
Don't be angry.
Conan, please...
don't leave me alone.
Conan, you know how scared I am, don't you?
If you got lost, I'd have to look for you alone on this dreary ship.
I'm sorry...
By the way, where did you get that tennis ball?
I found it a while ago.
It was under the table in the restaurant.
I asked if it belonged to someone, but no one knew anything.
Inspector Samezaki didn't say anything when he saw it?
No.
Because before he found her, he and the father went back to the bow.
They were very scared.
They found a bullet scar on Kanie's body.
The first time the inspector and Kogoro have gone out,
what did the others do?
Everyone went on their own.
And when they have returned with en Hattori, the others have also returned.
(Think) "I've got it! I've got it all!
I already know the truth of this strange case!"
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN

