(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Today, a case we'll have to solve with our heads and our hearts.
It has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
So, what kind of case is it, this one,
that to solve it you need advice from Kogoro Mouri?
If it is difficult, don't think that by paying me a meal we will be at peace!
Do not call, we will feel the whole wagon....
(He thinks) "It must be a complicated case, to come to him for advice.
Besides, paying for everything himself."
In fact, Mr. Mouri, it's about...
Do you know him, this man, Yokomizo?
Ah, no.
You know that there are professional secrets and of course...
As I was saying, it's about the Taiji Komiyama case.
Komiyama?
Aaaah, yes, that famous actor!
What's wrong with him?
Eh?
He was murdered 3 days ago!
What... he was murdered?
You didn't know?
Well, this is a very, very strange case.
What's the matter?
No matter how hard you investigate, you can't find any suspects?
No, no.
On the contrary.
On the contrary?
At the moment there are 3 people who have confessed that they killed him.
What?
(thinks) "Wow... 3 killers for a single victim.
Sounds interesting."
The man who killed four times
That 3 killers have come out!?
It seems unbelievable.
They must be accomplices.
Yes, if they were, it would be very easy.
Tell us the details.
The case occurred 3 days ago.
It was the last day of the performance,
and there were two hours to go.
Komiyama!
What are you sleeping?
Komiyama!
Hey, I'm coming in!
Oooh!
Ko... Komiyama!
(Off) "The victim is Mr. Taiji Komiyama, age 58.
"He is estimated to have died two hours before the body was found.
He had signs that he had been struck on the head with an object."
As everything indicated that it was a murder,
we immediately proceeded to do an autopsy.
And we saw interrogate these 3 people to see if esbrinàvem nothing.
They are the actors who were in the same play?
Yes, they are.
Mr. Komiyama's body was discovered in his dressing room:
It is not a place where anyone from outside can access.
Also, according to the guard,
there were only these 3 people in the dressing room.
Wow...
The first one was Kengo Katsumata.
He wanted to play the role that in Komiyama he did in 20 years.
The other one was Yumiko Niikura.
Mr. Komiyama was after her,
but she didn't even want to see him.
The third one was Haruyuki Hoshino,
who is a close friend of Yumiko and detested Mr. Komiyama.
Be that as it may, the police summoned the suspects to testify.
And then...
I feel very bad.
I killed at Taiji Komiyama.
Mr. Komiyama suddenly came into my dressing room
in a rage and screaming.
(Off) He was wavering, as if he had been drinking.
What's wrong with you, Mr. Komiyama?
You!
What are you reading?
-What... what do you want? -Let me see!
So, even though you read this?
Don't you know, Katsumata?
It's a play written expressly for me to play the lead!
Don't let them give this role to a mediocre actor like you!
I'll take it with me to my grave!
You're useless!
(Off) "I thought I had to do something with the corpse,
I brought him to his dressing room."
I thought if it was there it would look like his wife had died.
His wife?
Yes.
Everyone knew that their relationship was not going well at all.
Just yesterday, in the dressing room, they had it again.
Go on.
Oh, shit!
Why did you come into my dressing room in a rage and screaming?!
(Boy) It was me!
What was it?
It was what?
Well it was me, who killed Komiyama!
Why did you come in without knocking?

I want to make it clear to you!
Yumiko is mine!
Do you think I'll let her go with you?
You rascal!
(thump)
I thought I couldn't leave the corpse in my dressing room,
and I brought it up to her when the theater was empty.
But I didn't need to, all this.
Do you know why?
Even if they arrest me, I don't regret what I did.
I saved Yumiko from falling into the clutches of that evil beast.
I'm proud of myself.
What did you say?
At that moment, Komiyama came into my dressing room and...
Pari, Komiyama!
Why are you avoiding me?
If we share the stage, we can share other things too, Yumiko.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Next, I don't know why,
the corpse appeared in her dressing room.
What is certain is that I am the one who killed Mr. Komiyama.
Investigations have confirmed
that the vases that were in the dressing rooms of the 3 of us
had signs of having stung Mr. Komiyama's head.
I have reserved a hotel for you.
You have until tomorrow to think about it,
but please clarify the truth of this case!
Eh?
What the hell is this?
All the documentation.
What do you mean?
All this?
Caram.
Yes.
Ah, wow...
Have you seen this?
You don't see anything strange in this picture?
What's strange?
Dóna'm.
Ai, what a pain!
If you get a blow to the head, you get your hands like this, right?
But this man in the photo has them on his chest.
How can this be?
It's strange...
The cause of death was the heart.
The heart?
According to the autopsy results,
the head injuries were not significant.
Apparently, he suffered from a heart condition.
According to the director of the play,
that morning he had had a small attack
which he overcame thanks to the pills he always took.
The fact that he was hit in the head must have provoked another attack, which must have been the cause of his death.
which must have been the cause of death.
This is what we suppose.
But how come he didn't take the pills then?
Shrike!
He wouldn't have had time, man!
And, even if he had, the box he was carrying them in was empty.
If he had taken the pills, he could have overcome the attack.
He had been carrying it empty for a long time?
(Thinking) I don't believe it!
(Mobile)
Excuse me, Mr. Mouri.
I'm being called from the police station.
I'll be right back.
(Thinking) "How can it be that someone can go around the world
without the pills that could save his life and not realize it?
"But, in fact, it was empty.
What was supposed to happen..."
But how ?!
What do you say, now!
But, inspector, right now I can't.... Okay.
(Think) So, how come the victim wasn't saved?
It must be one of these 3.
If I have a day to think about her, it will be a piece of cake.
I feel so bad!
Wow, what's wrong now?
We just ran out of time to think about him.
To Shizuoka, you must submit a report with your side of the case.
When we get to Shizu...!?
(Think) What are you going to do now?
We have already arrived... And without the report.
(Woman) Inspector Yokomizo!
Ah, say.
When will you return our personal effects.
As they are evidence, until we finish the investigation we cannot...
Well, let's see if they finish soon!
(Kogoro) Oh, no!
Who were these?
Komiyama's wife, Atsuko, and Tsuda, the director of the play.
She seems to be very angry.
No, all she wants are the objects
we're holding to do the investigation.
It was this man who discovered Mr. Komiyama's body, wasn't it?
Yes.
Wow!
Hey, Conan!
Where are you going now?
I'm going to the bathroom!
Again...
Aaaaah... I'm going to the toilet too...
-Mouri!
The toilet is here. It's-Ah, yes, you're right.
What happened in the morning?
Yes.
Detective Kogoro Mouri asked me to ask you.
That day, Mr. Komiyama had a slight heart attack, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
It was all in the hotel cafeteria, while we were talking.
Are you telling me to quit the theater?
I'm telling you as a friend.
If you continue acting, soon you won't be able to explain.
If I leave the theater, what's left for me, to life?
Aaaaaaaaah!
Komiyama!
What's wrong with you, Komiyama?

Do you want me to tell your wife?
It's in the bedroom, isn't it?
If I take one of these pills, everything will be all right.
When he took the pill, he recovered immediately.
(Thinking) "Wow. I've got it!
"I know how Mr. Komiyama was killed!
And I also know who the murderer is!"
(Kogoro voice) I am Detective Kogoro Mouri.
I'm here because Inspector Yokomizo asked me to come.
I would like you to investigate something as quickly as you can.
You said you were asking for my advice on an individual basis.
You didn't say anything about reports!
Yes, I did.
And at first it was like that.
But my head has found out.
I'm very sorry!
Couldn't you help us right away?
No, I can't!
No, I can't!
Come on, do what you can... My head is waiting for you like water of May.
He's dying to talk to you.
Make an effort...
Then put some leaves on!
We said it would be tomorrow, didn't we?
It will be tomorrow!
What's the problem now?
It's not right to keep people waiting so long, Kogoro!
If you don't know what happened, you'd better apologize, right?
Shrike!
There's no case that can resist the great Kogoro Mouri!
I'll help you!
I'll put him away the first time and without rehearsal!
I am the greatest and most famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
Today I have the honor to present to you my accurate opinions
on the case of the murder of Mr. Taiji Komiyama,
but before I begin, I would like to explain in a colloquial way
why I chose to become a detective.
Enough of this introduction!
Tell us who the murderer is!
Eh?
Who is the murderer?
Well... well, the murderer... Of it... how should I put it...
Maybe... if I have to tell you the truth... the murderer...
He won't get out.
(Kogoro) I guess...
(Thinks) "He doesn't even come up with his usual outlandish deductions.
"I'm sure he thought he'd have more time to think about it.
I have no choice!"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah.... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Now we'll really see the real Detective Mouri in action!
(Kogoro voice) I know who the murderer is, Inspector Yokomizo!
Listen carefully.
According to the statements of the 3 suspects,
Mr. Taiji Komiyama would have been killed 3 times.
What is clear is that Komiyama went to the dressing rooms of all 3.
The problem is the order in which he went.
Mr. Katsumata stated the following:
In Komiyama, he suddenly came into my dressing room.
in a rage and screaming.
He was going a hesitant, as if he had been drinking.
This is accurate.
However, it does not seem likely that in Komiyama, who suffered from heart disease,
could drink before the beginning of the performance.
Yes, he is right.
So, how is it, that he was wavering?
Perhaps because someone had hit him on the head.
Then, according to Mr. Hoshino, Mr. Komiyama...
Why did he come in without knocking?
I want to make it clear to you!
Yumiko is mine!
That's right.
But Komiyama's behavior was strange. (Kogoro voice)
To come into the dressing room like that and start talking about Yumiko,
something had to have happened first, didn't it, Miss?
That's right, Miss Yumiko.
He had come to see you, but you turned him down.
You understand, don't you?
First of all, Mr. Komiyama went to see the Yumiko
and received the first blow to the head.
(Off) "It was thought that he had died and Yumiko ran away.
But, after a while, in Komiyama regained his senses."
So...
Yes, he had only lost consciousness.
Then he walked to the dressing room of en Hoshino
and burst in.
It was thought that Yumiko had rejected her because of her.
But Mr. Komiyama received another blow to the head.
(Off) "Apparently, he must have had a hard head,
because he was able to pull himself together a second time."
A head as hard as a rock...
Surely.
Mr. Komiyama did not give up and continued his torturous journey.
And he wanted to vent his fury...
That's why he came into my dressing room and insulted me!
So, Mr. Katsumata, you...
That's exactly right.
Didn't I tell you, that it was me?
No.
Don't think Mr. Komiyama was that weak.
What do you mean, detective?
When they found him,

Mr. Komiyama had his hands clutching his chest.
According to his statement,
Mr. Katsumata was dragged by Mr. Komiyama's legs,
so he should have had his arms stretched out.
So, how come when he was found he had his hands on his chest?
There is only one answer:
Mr. Komiyama came to for the third time.
The fatal heart attack that ended his life came later.
When he came to, he found he was not carrying pills.
Would anyone forget that he had run out of such important pills?
Besides, he had taken them that morning.
He would have noticed.
B... but in fact...
Someone took the pills from the box he was carrying them in.
But the victim always wore it around his neck.
There's no way someone could have taken it without him noticing.
There is one person who could have.
After the little attack in the morning, Mr. Komiyama took a shower.
Didn't he, Mrs. Komiyama?
Because he didn't get wet, he took off the little box around his neck and....
From what you say, I would be the culprit, wouldn't I, Detective Mouri?
But don't you have any evidence
to prove that I took the pills from the box?
It could also be that he had forgotten himself....
I never said at any time that the box was empty.
If it had been empty, when he had the seizure,
Mr. Komiyama would have called for help.
But he didn't.
Surely, there was another medicine in the box.
Just a pill.
(Off) Mr. Komiyama suspected nothing and took it.
Predictably, it had no effect,
and he died after a brief agony.
(Mobile)
Yes.
I'm at Yokomizo.
A stomach medicine?
What?
That if I tell Mr. Mouri he will know what I'm talking about?
A medicine for the stomach?
Well yes, I have to take it often.
What is the meaning of all this?
I had the little box of pills analyzed
to see if they found any traces of a foreign substance in the stomach.
So, the last pill you took in Komiyama...
was it a stomach pill?
I've been found out.
If he hadn't been screwed up so many times,
everyone would have thought you had died of a heart attack
and the police would have stayed out of it.
And, of course, neither would this detective, of course....
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Wow!
You've confirmed everything I've heard about you!
(Kogoro) -That was fantastic! (Kogoro) -Thank you...
When did you have the little box investigated?
(Kogoro) - Ah... It was... About it...
It goes without saying that it is a professional secret, colleague!
(Think) It will be that he has no idea...
(Think) Gin!
Hell, no!
He's seen me!
(Adult voice) Such is the Apotochicine 4689. It's that medicine.
In the next chapter...
The reunion with the Men in Black Organization (Haibara)
The clue of the next Conan is... An emitting device!
In the next episode we meet the Men in Black Organization again.

