(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Today, we will finally find those undesirables.
"The conspiracy of the Men in Black will come to light.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Genta) -Let's go play soccer! (Mitsuhiko) Yes, let's play in it!
-I'll be the captain! -A new one?
Yes!
Did you see him, yesterday's game?
It was great!
You're talking about Hide's bicycle kick, right?
(Man) The jokes are over.
(Mitsuhiko) -It was a masterpiece! (Ayumi) -In Hide it's great!
(Man) Au, wake up from sleep.
We should celebrate our reunion, right?
With the color of blood,
the deep red of the roses you love the most.
Oi, Sherry?
(Thinking) Ah.
A nightmare...
The reunion with the Men in Black Organization (Haibara)
Haibara!
Here, the game you left me.
Tell the doctor for me that this game is really good.
Okay, I'll tell him.
Although the main character is a bit silly.
The one in the previous game was more convincing, wasn't he?
Oh! (Laughs)
Look guys!
It's started to snow!
It's snowing!
-Yes?! - Is it really?
Snow?
(Remember: Gin) "We should celebrate our reunion, shouldn't we?
"With the color of blood,
the deep red of the roses you love the most.
Oi, Sherry?"
Aaaaaaaaaah!
You too.
Come and see how it snows!
-Let me go, don't touch me! -What's wrong, girl?
-Haibara... -What's the matter, girl?
I've had enough of this place.
I can't take it anymore.
I find it so unbearable that I'd like to disappear right now.
It's funny, I'll disappear soon anyway...
Eh ?!
Haibara, will you change schools?!
-Someone's giving you a hard time?!?
Say! -I'll teach them a good lesson!
We'll help you, but don't tell us you're leaving, please!
It was a joke.
Don't take it seriously.
It's just that I seem to have caught a cold and I was a bit nervous.
Oh, it was the cold?
When people get sick they get discouraged.
Cold medicine is in the infirmary.
Come on, let's go!
Wait for me!
Tééééé!
Tocaaaat!
Get ready, Mitsuhiko!
What viiiiinc!
(Adult voice) You're saying you shouldn't be here?
That you should disappear soon
to prevent that group from getting involved?
How could you even think such nonsense?
Everything will be fine.
That you can shrink the body with a drug is like a fairy tale.
No one would believe it.
And to avoid being found out,
you must continue to pretend you're a creature.
Until the time comes.
Don't worry!
If things get reversed, I'll try to fix it.
-Goodbye!
-See you tomorrow!
Bye, guys!
Bye-bye!
(Thinking) "Kudo... You don't know anything.
"This isn't the kind of enemy you can beat alone.
"If you make a false move, it will be your last.
"The Organization won't let us run away.
Yes, it could be that like in my dream,
now they're somewhere in this city, looking for us."
What do you got?
What's wrong, with this black Porsche?
Aaaaaaaaah...
It's a Porsche 356 A. It's a classic car from 50 years ago.
Looks like the owner has left for a moment.
I had only seen it on TV.
Although there are guys who drive old cars.
In Gin...
In Gin he appreciates it very much.
It's his car.
The one in Gin?!
Yes, this car has also appeared in my dream.
Wait, what are you doing?
Doctor?
Bring me what I'll tell you at the crossroads of the fourth district!
I'll tell you later!
Eagerness s!
(HORN)
Hello!
Have you taken him?
Yes.
A metal coat rack and a pair of pliers.
Why do you want to use them, these things?
Hey, wait!

If this is done to old cars....
Kudo!
What the fuck do you want to do?
I want to put a transmitter and a microphone!
But we still can't be sure it's your car.
Aaaah!
What's the matter? Across the street...
Across the street?
In Gin and Vodka!
Piece of Quoniam!
Around the car, the snow is quite disturbed.
I'm sure people have been staring at you.
Your car is not very common.
I know.
And the reindeer frogs from Germany are also unique.
(Thinking) "We've hit the nail on the head.
"I wouldn't have imagined I'd find myself in a place like this.
I'm glad, Gin."
This time there's no escaping me!
Keep going straight ahead.
Follow them, trying not to get too close.
It is useless...
Even if we find out where they have the falls, we can not do anything.
With this body, impossible.
Do you take charge?
Do you realize how dangerous, your behavior?
Let me be!
Shut up! (Alarm)
(Alarm) A call?
(Gin) Yes, it's me.
(Gin) Speak.
How are things looking, here?
(Gin) How?
You haven't arrived yet?
(Gin) Don't worry.
The target will show up at 6 o'clock at the Haido City Hotel.
(Gin) The guy ignores that it will be his farewell party.
(Think) The target?
Farewell party?
The orders are clear.
Cover that jerk's mouth.
I don't care if you use that poison.
(Think) That poison?!
(Don't fuck up, Pisco.
Pisco?
This code name I have felt it, but I have never seen him.
(Pisco... Haido City Hotel?
(Thinks) Light brown, slightly red-haired...
Eh?
Let's see, mate, what's up?
What the hell is this?
(Gin) A transmitter and a microphone.
Shit, they've been discovered!
What do you mean?!
(Think) "What a surprise,
now it turns out you want to resist us.
We'll welcome you, Sherry."
What are you going to do?
The situation has worsened markedly.
They've destroyed the transmitter and the microphone,
and now we can't track them.
What's more, the gum you've attached to the car, they've got it.
If it occurred to them to analyze it....
No problem!
I've taken out the teeth marks
and from the saliva just find out the blood group.
Then we should swerve and get away from their car.
Following them without having any precise idea of the situation is dangerous.
Yes, we will stop following them, but I have no intention of running away.
At the Haido City Hotel.
There, an individual who calls himself Pisco wants to kill a person.
We will go to stop them from killing this person.
You have a great sense of justice, you know.
But I don't.
I'm not interested in abstract nonsense like justice.
Setting foot in a dangerous place expressly will not go well for us.
Yeah, well... Well, that's what I'm going to do.
But considering they know what kind of face you made as a child,
taking you to that place is risky.
You and the doctor wait for the car, please.
In the worst case I'll come back with the poison.
Don't worry.
That poison?
Gin said it on the phone.
He said, "I don't care if you use that poison!"
He probably meant Apotoxin 4869.
That poison that shrunk our bodies.
(Gin) Yes, that's right, the Sherry.
I'm sure that woman who betrayed us is going to the hotel.
If you don't know what she looks like,
check the Organization's database!
When we've made sure she hasn't planted another transmitter on us,
we will meet with you.
Yes, I have no doubt.
That woman will come.
After ten years we sense that the poison is near.
If you want to use that famous bumbling detective, it's up to you.
Anyway, once you find that woman and capture her,
you can put on stripes.
Yes.
No problem, it doesn't matter, the body, as long as you have her from the neck up.
What a lead... These things don't interest you.
I can't choose.
It was me, who synthesized this poison.
I don't want you to keep calling me a murderer.
Be careful.
They must have thought that the person who put the transmitter will come.
If they sensed that you have to see...
It's all right.
It's a good thing you removed the evidence, right?
They must have thought it was a prank
from someone from a rival organization.
Are you sure it's this party?

Yes.
In Gin he said something about a farewell.
That Pisco and the target they want to assassinate must be here.
We leave the conversation here.
We enter.
(He/she thinks) "puñeta.
"With the kind of party it is, no wonder everyone is in black.
Everybody looks suspicious to me."
(thinks) "Sherry...
"Sherry...
"Sherry...
Sherry..."
Aaaaah!
What's wrong with you, little girl?
Have you lost your mother and father?
Yes.
Now we were going to look for them.
Come on, Hana!
Girl, what's wrong with you?
You don't look like you.
It was you, who wanted us to come together, wasn't it?
Yesterday I had a terrible nightmare.
A nightmare?
Coming back from school, Gin found me and chased me down the street.
Who I was shooting at first, it was you.
And then, following the dry click of the gun, one by one...
I was killing everyone who had been related to me.
Maybe it would have been simpler
if I had let the Organization execute me when I was trapped.
If you wear these glasses, they will never discover your identity!
They worked wonders for Clark Kent!
So, now that you've taken them off, are you Superman?
Maybe, but I can't fly!
Well, it's a little, but it's a consolation.
Thank you, Maca.
Maca, you're a pain in the ass.
I really am.
But, mate... That woman, are you sure she's coming?
Yes, she's this type.
Whatever happens, she won't stop coming.
But she doesn't know that we're going out to welcome her.
And if she didn't come?
Now we have no doubt that she is hiding in Beika.
If we search well in all the houses, maybe we won't find her in the first one,
but traitors can't make the stink they make go away.
Gee, it really is a colossal party.
The elite have gathered.
The Naomoto Prize-winning writer...
The owner of a professional baseball team...
A successful music producer...
A famous American actress...
A famous university professor...
Heck, even a big shot from the world of economics has come.
What, you know?
Who is he, the target in Pisco?
According to Gin, he has to come at 6 o'clock.
Besides, I'm sure he's a person the police should arrest tomorrow.
It can only be that man over there, surrounded by reporters.
(Haibara) Yes.
At the moment, this politician is appearing in the newspapers
accused of taking bribes.
That they want to silence him before they arrest him,
it will mean that he is from the Organization.
We don't know.
But if he is arrested we will know, won't we?
We would like you to clarify this point, please.
Excuse me sir, may I?
Guaita, Inspector Megure!
Earlier I called him using the voice transformer.
I told him that there is someone here who wants to assassinate him.
(Think) "Au, what are you going, Pisco?
"As the police have your target under surveillance,
committing the murder is impossible, you see?
"And if you try to change the situation,
I'll put you to sleep with this anesthetic dart before you can move!"
Ladies and Gentlemen!
We will now contemplate with the projector, some unpublished slides
made by director Sakamaki during his lifetime, hidden until now.
The... the projector ?!
Ladies and Gentlemen!
Do you know when and where this photograph was taken?
That politician has disappeared! What?
Come on, guys, look for him!
Yes!
(Think) Shit!
Where is he?!
Where has he gone?!
(Presenter) It's part of Sakamaki's most representative work.
It is from the location of The Rainbow Scarf.
It is an invaluable image
before the director's hair felt so lonely.
(laughs)
How do we have it? Badly, we haven't found it yet.
Come on, keep looking for it.
And now we'll move on to the next picture.
Wow!
It looks like a snapshot taken during the lunch break.
I guess you know, director Sakamaki was craving for noodles!
As the shooting took place in Shinshu,
at lunchtime the director insisted on eating noodles every day.
It is said that when filming was over he passionately said:
"All the noodle restaurants in Shinshu deserve an award!"
We contemplate more!
(Think) "A flash ?!

Even if it is a very valuable photograph,
it won't come out even if you use the flash.
(Beep)
"What is this? What was that noise?!
Was it from above?"
(Cracking)
What... What was it?
-What is it?
-What was it, this noise?
Hurry, turn on the lights!
May I know what's going on?
What is it?
A handkerchief?
(Exclamations of surprise)
(Shout)
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
I got it!
One of the 7 has committed the murder!
One of them is in Pisco!
Haibara, you are in danger!
They have arrived!
How... how do you say?!
You're in danger, Haibara!
In the next chapter...
The reunion with the Men in Black Organization (Conan)

