(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Haibara, Conan, danger approaches you.
"Today we have many characters.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "Coming back from school,
Haibara and I found Gin's car.
"We put a transmitter and a microphone in them, and followed him.
"But he found the artifacts and became suspicious of Haibara.
"We found out about Gin's assassination plans
and we went to a party at the Haido City Hotel
in memory of a film director."
That politician has disappeared!
A handkerchief?
(Exclamations of surprise)
(Shout)
The reunion with the Organization of the Men in Black (Conan)
The chandelier has fallen from the ceiling!
What has happened?
This is terrible!
What happened?
I do not know.
-What happened? -I do not know.
-What the hell does this mean? -Can someone give us an explanation?
Quiet, please!
I'm Inspector Megure from police headquarters!
Oh!
For you to come in such a hurry is quite a novelty.
We have been warned that tonight there would be a crime.
Someone wanted to make an attempt on the life of the parliamentarian Nomiguchi!
(Murmurs and shouts)
As you see, Takagi?
It's too late.
He's not breathing anymore, Inspector.
He's all right.
Report it to the station immediately.
Yes, sir.
(Think) "He's dead himself.
"A component of the Men in Black who shrank my body.
"His code name: "Pisco"!
That guy is still in this party room!"
Okay.
You're the one who was closest to the MP Nomiguchi
when the chandelier fell on him, right?
Yes... Did you see anyone who looked suspicious?
I couldn't see anything.
I was in danger too.
The spider grazed me and made a mess of my jacket.
I never saw year suspicious characters.
I see.
Inspector, she didn't see any suspicious characters either.
This was an accident!
The chain that held the chandelier, over time, had been damaged,
and, coincidentally, it broke.
But they received a call
warning them that there was going to be a murder.
Before asking for our testimony,
I'd like you to tell us about this informant.
It could be that the tip was given by the murderer himself.
It was a distorted voice.
It was indistinguishable whether it was a woman or a man.
I'm sure it was a joke.
As a result of those accusations,
MP Nomiguchi had all the public opinion against him.
Yes, he is right!
This joke coincided with the accident by chance.
God has punished her!
You can't commit bad deeds, in this life.
I do not know how you can eat, at a time like this.
Young people without peppers should shut up!
(I think)
(I think) Quickly!
Somebody send for the chef!
What's the matter with him?
Has he found a beetle?
He deserves it, to get fed up at a time like this.
-God also wanted to punish him. -As he says?!
(Think) This is... from the spider's chain?
What is it doing here?
Listen!
It is obvious that Mr. Nomiguchi has been crushed to death by the spider, right?
Well, if they say this is murder,
one can only think that they've attached some mechanism to the spider,
they've pulled the parliamentarian underneath it
and when they turned off the lights they triggered the trap!
But from what we have seen, neither the chandelier, nor the structure that held it up
no mechanism can be distinguished.
Therefore, it is impossible that it is a murder!
Now, will you let us each go our own way?
(He thinks) "It is true.
"In the middle of the darkness,
to make the spider fall on a point without a mechanism is impossible.

"But it's that guy's doing it, I know it.
How the hell did he do it?"
Hey, where are we going?!
Let's get the hell out of here.
We're wasting time uselessly and that's dangerous.
Besides, if Megure were to see us,
what excuse would we give him, to explain that we are here?
At the moment, we only have one clue, the chain fragment.
Even for you, to clarify it with so little material is impossible.
And if I had another one?
This has fallen on me.
Before the lights came on, I found this handkerchief.
And what can it give us, this?
It must not have the murderer's name on it.
Look at the edge of the handkerchief.
It says "Akira Sakamaki Film Director's Memorial Party," doesn't it?
Probably, its owner was given it as a gift to the front desk.
Also, look at the people.
Guaita, the man with the glass, the fat woman next to him,
that old man with the moustache at the back...
They're all wearing this scarf but... in a different color!
Where do you want to go?
To refer to Sakamaki's work, "The Rainbow Scarf",
they gave handkerchiefs of 7 different colors to the guests.
In other words, if we ask at the reception,
maybe they will tell us who they gave this lilac scarf to!
You can't know if this handkerchief is related to the case or not.
Honestly, I don't know why they used it or if it belongs to the killer.
But it may have some kind of connection to the crime.
Right?
Mr. Inspector...
Can we go to the bathroom, please?
What are you journalists doing here?
Is it true, that MP Nomiguchi has died?
-What happened?! - We want information!
We'll explain later, now stand back!
-No, wait!
-Answer, please!
The people to whom we have given a lilac handkerchief?
Yes!
It's just that I found one and he wanted to return it to the owner.
I guess they wanted to use them for something, right?
Yes, they did.
In the end, it was planned to choose a color,
and those who had the handkerchief of that color would make a comment.
So tell me the names, please, and I'll look for that person.
What do we do now, Inspector?
If we keep holding them back, panic may spread.
It looks like an accident.
We'll call it a day for now.
D'acord.
I've already found it, kiddo!
Of the guests, these people have the lilac color.
Look!
Thank you!
(Think) "Indeed, these are the 7.
"I don't have any definite proof,
but it could be that one of them was in Pisco."
(Man) They're coming out!
When the accident took place, was he next to you?
I do not know anything!
Tell us how was the accident, please!
Ask the police!
Damn it, we'll be right back with the doctor's car!
Haibara!
Where are you?!
Answer me!
Haibara!
Where are you?!
Haibara!
Hey, I'm...
Hey, it's...
Haibara!
Please answer!
Haibara, answer!
Haibara, wake up.
Haibara!
Haibara, wake up!
Haibara, wake up.
Haibara, wake up!
What's wrong with you?!
Are you not feeling well, Haibara?
Did you fall asleep because of the cold?
You'd better rest in the infirmary.
-A sleep. Huh?
(Thinking) "That must be it.
"For me to run into them in this town would be too big.
"I always have these kinds of nightmares lately.
Maybe it's just that I'm exhausted.
You can count."
(Adult voice) Haibara!
Answer me, Haibara!
Who are you? Come on, Haibara!
Who are you?
Haibara!
Who's calling me?! Haibara!
Kudo, is that you? (Radio) "Haibara! Haibara!
Where are you?
In the doctor's car!"
We talked through the microphone and the speakers of the glasses.
(Radio) What happened to me?
This is what I should be asking you!
What happened to you in the corridor?
In the corridor?
Ah...
The crowd has dragged me away from your side,
and then...
someone grabbed me from behind and...
(Radio) "They grabbed you and what else?
Someone has made me inhale a drug
and they've locked me in a warehouse in who knows where.
Don't tell me they... "This looks like it.
I've probably been captured by a member of the Organization,

taking advantage of the fact that the police had withdrawn their surveillance.
In Pisco!
Keep watch, Haibara!
Is it here with you?
Is it near you?!
No, that guy is not here.
And the door of the room, he has left it tightly closed.
Here's a trolley for carrying luggage,
a box and a frog of the cleaning staff.
A frog?
Surely, after drugging me, he has left me in a toilet,
put on this frog that he must have had ready,
put me in the box and took me here.
Since he couldn't do it in the party room,
it seems that he wanted to murder me in the toilets and put me in the box.
(Radio) Find a way to escape.
If not, you'll be lost.
Please listen to me carefully now, Kudo.
Apotoxin 4869 is the drug that has shrunk us,
it refers to apoptosis.
That is, a program of cellular self-destruction.
Cells have a mechanism
that impels them to destroy themselves.
We live because they receive a signal that limits this process.
Wait, Haibara...
In contrast, this drug not only induces apoptosis.
It can induce telomerase activity
and the cells increase their ability to multiply.
Stop it, Haibara!
You'll tell me when we get out of here!
Shut up and listen!
Because maybe...
Maybe I won't get a chance to talk to you again.
So listen.
What? Don't you understand?
They've left me locked up here
regardless of whether my body is that of a creature.
Even if I managed to escape,
it wouldn't be two days before they would have found me.
And then, Dr. Agasa, who has been hiding me all this time,
would have drunk oil by now,
and so would everyone with whom I've been in contact...
They will eliminate whoever it is to keep the secret.
Do you understand?
It is as much that I am assassinated here as that I can run away.
In my situation I can't see again and they will chase me.
Haibara...
That's why, now that I can, I'll explain to you what I know about this drug.
Surprise!
The Great Adventure of Doctor Agasa, Two!
Hey, what's this?
It's the doctor's game that in Tsuburaya has taken me back to school.
I was supposed to have this floppy disk with me and it was examined by the laptop.
If you have your cell phone connected to the computer, it means that...
I thought so, he checked my face.
(Radio) Wait, you're not linked?
That's why I'm telling you to hurry.
Since I'm untied, they won't leave me alone for long.
No, the guy won't be back for a while.
When you disappeared, I called Inspector Megure.
I told him not to let the 7 people in lilac scarves
to take even one step out of the hotel...
with the voice of Shinichi Kudo!
The fact that he didn't lock you out and that he left his cell phone behind
means that the guy who locked you out tried to leave,
and the detectives at the door stopped her to make a statement.
It is quite possible that she was unable to contact the outside world.
You've been missing for an hour,
and neither he nor his colleagues have come forward.
Surely that's where it is.
As I suspected,
one of the 7 has committed murder and has left you locked up here.
One of them is in Pisco!
Right, so, this means that I'm still in the hotel?
Yes, probably.
Before you contact your colleagues,
we will present them with the evidence of the murder,
and if we can turn that individual over to the police, you'll be safe.
At most, Inspector Megure will hold them for another hour.
For the time being, I will ask the hotel staff where the warehouses are.
If I tell them they have a girl locked up, they'll listen to me.
You're a fool.
You know how it will end up, people who have anything to do with me.
And what will happen to them, the people at the hotel?
You don't know them.
Then you'd better find some way to get away on your own.
In the meantime, I'll find out which of those 7 is in Pisco!
It's easy for you to say find a way to escape,
but this room has no point to run away from.
There is only a fireplace.
Can you climb up the chimney?
Impossible.
It's too wide to climb up it.
I can't, with this body.
With something else, maybe I could try, but...
Do you have any rope? It's a cellar, I don't know if there's...
Eh?

A wine cellar?
There are liquors of all kinds?
Yes, it is an old room and they have put liquors from all over the world.
It looks like a wine cellar.
Hey, what's Baical?
Baical? Yes, it's a very strong Chinese liquor.
Yes, I know that.
You look for it, please.
Let's see if I can find it...
But why do you want it?
As proof, the cold? Eh?
This morning you said you were cold.
The conversation is very incoherent.
So much is, that.
How are you feeling?
(Radio) Well, but since I slept on the floor, I caught a fever.
Blow!
By the way you feel, I'd say you're glad...
(Radio) Well, yes.
I've already found it, the Baical.
But listen, what are we going to do with this liquor?
(Radio) I'll get you out of this warehouse!
With an extraordinary spell, unique for the occasion!
(TV) "These images are after the accident!
(TV) "In a camera near the scene of the accident,
a number of people give their testimony.
That's all for the moment.
We will continue to report."
According to this broadcast,
I've been able to get an idea of where the 7 were after the accident.
But just from that...
(Radio) Hey, do you know how to spell Hercule Poirot?
(Radio) "Hey, what are you doing? Have you already taken the Bàical?
Yes, I've already taken it...
I do not know what in head doors, but I feel worse and worse.
Tell me how to spell Hercule Poirot.
"It's spelled: Hac, y, yerra, ce, uno, ella, y, for example, o, y, yerra, o, tea.
Why?"
He wanted to transfer the files of that drug,
the Organization's computers into the doctor's computer,
but I'm locked out of the access code.
Err, or, tea.
It won't come in.
With Poirot it doesn't work either.
An access code with Poirot's name?
What do you mean?
The people of the Organization who experimented with the poison
sometimes called it in a way.
Spelling the number 4 8 6 9 came out the word Sherlock.
In they called him "The Famous Bumbling Detective".
So I have been introducing the names of detectives that have occurred to me,
but it's not that simple.
(Radio) Shelling Ford.
Eh?
It's spelled: a, hache, y, ella, ella, y, ene, ge, efe, o, yerra, de.
It's a detective's name?
(Radio) Send!
Essa, hache, y, ella, ella, y, ene, ge, efe, o, yerra, de.
Blow!
I have agreed!
How can it be?
It is the name that Conan Doyle gave to the detective of his novels
before calling him Sherlock Holmes.
In other words, he's the "Detective in the process of experimentation"!
Wow.
For an Organization thought, that's pretty subtle.
So much is, that.
Soon the critical moment will come.
You haven't noticed anything, the body?
Come on, I had to notice something, you made me drink this liquor.
I have to record the data of the drug and hide it here.
He can come and get it...
when the Organization has taken me away.
Hey, wait! Shi... Shinichi, look ahead.
It's those men.
In Pisco they've been summoned?!
No, that's impossible!
The police had to call me
before they let those 7 people go!
That can't be possible!
The computer used by Haibara must have an internal transmitter!
(Agasa) They must have called him.
As he didn't answer, they followed the computer's signal.
Haibara, you're in danger!
(Radio) They have arrived!
Hide in the chimney!
(Radio) Answer!
What's wrong with you?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Inspector, it's Kudo!
Ah!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What?
Some men in black?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
That Pisco is gone.
(Think) "The mark of a burn! This means that this chain...
Indeed, that's what it was all about!"
I was looking forward to seeing you, Sherry.
Haibaraaaaa!
In the next chapter...
The reunion with the Organization of the Men in Black (The solution)

