(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"The development of an impressive drama:
The secret of the Organization is discovered.
It has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "Coming back from school,
Haibara and I found Gin's car.
"We put a transmitter and a microphone in them and followed him.
"But he found the artifacts and became suspicious of Haibara.
"We found out about Gin's assassination plans
and went to a party at the Haido City Hotel
in memory of a film director.
"While a slide show was going on, a large chandelier fell from the ceiling,
and upon impact, MP Nomiguchi was killed.
Also, someone kidnapped Haibara and locked her in a warehouse."
Please listen to me carefully now, Kudo.
Apotoxin 4869 is the drug that has shrunk us,
it refers to apoptosis.
That is, a program of cellular self-destruction.
Cells have a mechanism
that impels them to destroy themselves.
We live because they receive a signal that limits this process.
Wait, Haibara...
In contrast, this drug not only induces apoptosis.
It can trigger telomerase
and the cells can increase their ability to multiply.
Enough, Haibara!
You'll tell me when we get out of here!
Shut up and listen!
Because maybe...
Maybe I won't get the chance to talk to you again.
What?
The reunion with the Men in Black Organization (The solution)
I have to record the drug data on the floppy disk and hide it here.
Later he can come looking for it...
after the Organization has taken me away.
Hey, wait.
Shi... Shinichi, look ahead.
It's those men.
In Pisco you summoned them?
No, that's impossible!
The police had to call me before they let those seven go.
Haibara, you're in danger!
They have arrived!
(Radio) Hide in the chimney!
(Radio) Answer me!
What's wrong with you?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Inspector, it's Kudo!
What?
Some men in black?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
This Pisco is not here.
We had arranged to meet him in half an hour.
As much as we have been trusting selected from the computer transmitter,
I don't see that guy anywhere.
Where is he, in Pisco?
For starters, what's he doing here, this warehouse?
It must be the room in Pisco that has been secured just in case.
If he had failed in the assassination attempt,
he could have been loaded somewhere else and taken here.
Be that as it may, we'd better spread the fog.
(Radio) You're right.
(Radio) Answer me!
Those men are gone?
Yes...
And you... are you dressed?
You pervert.
I've already put it on.
I took the frog from the storage room.
I'm also carrying the floppy disk where I copied the drug data.
I was very surprised.
That liqueur called Baical ten contains a compound
that accelerates cell multiplication.
Don't cry victory.
It has a transient effect.
Run away up the chimney before you get your girlish body back!
Okay...
Now I'm like Cordelia when she was trying to get out of the well.
Oh... I can't stand it.
(Radio) By the way... Do you know who it is, in Pisco?
No, not yet.
I don't have enough data.
Look, they've posted tomorrow's edition of the morning paper on the net.
Doctor, there was nothing.
No, look at the people and entertainment section!
A photographer who was in the party room,
took a picture immediately before the chandelier fell.
This couple, they are two of those 7, right?
(Think) "Wait a second! If this were...

"The trace of a burn! This means that this chain...
Indeed, that was what it was all about!"
Haido City Hotel old building
I... I'm out.
(Radio: Agasa) Congratulations.
Where did you end up?
It looks like some kind of rooftop.
By the way, En Kudo isn't here?
No, he was talking to Inspector Megure,
but he got overwhelmed and went into the hotel.
(Haibara) -Atabalat? (Agasa) -Don't worry.
He left a message for you: he already knows who he is in Pisco.
She also says that she will come to look for you and that you wait for her where you are.
It's going well.
Even if I wanted to move, my body feels too heavy...
Ah!
I was looking forward to seeing you, Sherry.
Gin...
Look at this.
Don't you find it beautiful?
The white snow falls dancing in the dark,
and the scarlet color of fresh blood staining the...
Though the spectacles and the frog you wanted to fool us with
Are not very suitable clothing to die in.
All in all, this is a formidable place for the death of a traitor.
Can't find it, Sherry?
Gee, that's funny.
I see you knew perfectly well I'd gone out the chimney.
For the hair.
I found one.
By the fireplace.
It was light brown slightly red-haired.
I didn't know if in Pisco I had captured you
or if you had gone into the warehouse taking advantage of his absence.
But the fact is that I felt you.
I heard your panting breath in that chimney.
It would have been better to have killed you in that smelly chimney,
but at least I wanted to make your death beautiful.
Then I'll have to say thank you.
How nice of you to wait for me in this cold.
Will you talk to us as long as your lips can move?
What trick did you use to disappear
from the Organization's gas duct room?
Eh?
A cellar?
Yes!
A room with a large fireplace.
Is there a chamber like this in this hotel?
If it's not in the old building to be renovated...
The old building?
Yes.
Some of there are junk chambers.
(Think) Junk chambers?
It's over there!
Wait, boy!
In Pisco should also go there.
If he meets with the others,
they will discover that the Haibara shrunk because of the drug.
Shit!
Five minutes!
If the inspector would hold him back, though we could...
(Transmitter)
What's the matter?
Haibara's been shot?!
(Agasa) He's been shot on a rooftop!
What's wrong, Doctor?!
(Agasa) Doctor!
Shit, the battery!
Haibaraaaaaaaaa!
Company... This woman does not confess.
(Gin) What can we do...
Is it okay if I send her...
to the person I killed before her, her sister?
A needle?!
Co... partner!
(Man's voice) The chimney!
Get in the chimney!
Who are you, you bastard?
Hurry up!
Casum!
Company!
What's wrong with you, mate?!
What's wrong with you?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Man) Oh, splendid!
As you were still a baby you must not remember,
but I was very close friends with your parents, those scientists.
Tell me many things about that drug in development.
(Think) Who is it?
But it's hard to believe you've progressed to this point.
Your parents would be proud of you, I'm sure.
Who are you?
Speak up.
I'm just following orders.
Don't take this the wrong way, Shiho.
(Conan voice) Don't move!
Mr. Masuyama.
Maybe I'd better call you Pisco.
Who are you?!
You'd think that throwing the spider would be an accident.
But it wasn't.
That spider, you brought it down, didn't you?
Using a gun with a silencer!
As a reference, he had the phosphorescent substance
with which I had previously impregnated the spider's chain.
And since the room was dark,
he only had to follow the light it gave off.
If he fired without taking precautions,
people would have seen the spark of fire coming out of the barrel.
But by covering the silencer with the handkerchief when he fired, he hid the spark caused by the gun,
he hid the spark caused by the shot.
He must have thought that the handkerchief, even if he did not recover it, would not be a very relevant clue,
would not be a very relevant clue.

But many of the guests who had a lilac scarf had left,
and only those seven suspects remained.
Located just below the chandelier,
Miss Chris and Tawara could not point to the chain.
Mr. Mihei, who spit out the piece of chain I have,
and Mr. Mugikura, the presenter, neither.
On Tarumá and Miss Nanjo,
who were embracing each other before the crime are out of suspicion.
Only Mr. Masuyama could have carried out the murder!
Only... you could do it!
I got you!
The motive that has induced the MP Nomiguchi
to stand under the chandelier
is that the floor was impregnated with phosphorescent substance.
You must have told him that, before he was arrested,
you were giving him a chance to regain his prestige,
and ordered him to address the bright spot when it was dark.
A loudspeaker?
Who... who are you?
Who the fuck are you?
I'm Conan Edogawa.
And I'm a detective!
A... a detective?
Who was leading the police during the investigation...
is that you, boy?
I'll have the police arrest you and the guys on the rooftop!
But tell me something first.
How come you were wearing that lilac scarf during the investigation?
Did the inspector have to let you go free because of it?
Where did you get it from, that scarf?
In this world there are some things you don't need to know, kiddo.
Look at your situation!
You will not warn the police.
You should be the one to look at her.
Look at your feet.
Spirytus!
It's a very strong liquor of 96 degrees!
You know that, don't you?
Do you know what happens when you smoke it with such a volatile liquor?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Alarm)
(Loudspeaker: female voice) "A fire has broken out in room 404 of the old building.
in room 404 of the old building."
What ?!
Let's see it, inspector!
Hey, kid, where are you?!
Come out wherever you are!
Shit!
Where the hell have you been?!
Are you here?
What the fuck?!
What are you doing, Gin?!
Now you've really spilled it, Pisco.
Why didn't you kill that photographer right away?
A photographer?
What are you talking about?!
Your photo will appear on the front page of tomorrow's paper.
A snapshot of you pointing the gun at the ceiling!
No, don't do it!
If you kill me you won't find Sherry!
I have a clue that is useful!
If the boss knows you've killed me, your position will be in jeopardy.
I'm sorry, but I'm executing the orders you gave me a moment ago.
How ?!
You have offered some services, and this has allowed you to rise to where you are.
You've had quite a pleasant dream, haven't you?
You will continue dreaming in the other neighborhood.
(Shot)
In Gin you have shot in Pisco?
Yes.
I heard your conversation
by the glasses that the Ai had been neglected in the fireplace.
Then he fled back down the chimney.
(Think) "It's not normal!
"How can it be understood that he could move after receiving the anesthetic dart?
"If that man had slept, he wouldn't have been able to run away from the police.
"Besides, I'm worried that he anticipated the Haibara's movements with such confidence.
with such certainty.
"He knew the Haibara would come to the party room.
And it's not usual from a hair to know whose hair it is."
Haibara, when you belonged to the Organization?
So, they found out?
Do they know that my body has shrunk?
No, they haven't found out.
Don't worry.
Hey, what do you plan to do from now on?
I don't know.
Now that they know I'm hiding in this town,
I can't continue at their side.
Besides, that floppy disk that I had left with the frog,
it will have been charred.
There is no longer any point in my staying.
Don't worry, I'll go tomorrow and leave you alone.
(Agasa) You can't leave in this state!
(Agasa) Very well!
Then there is no problem!
What do you mean?
That we will not look for that woman in this city?
No!
Wasting time with unnecessary work doesn't do it for me.
By now she must have run off with the man who helped her.
She's not such an imbecile woman to stay here,
now that she knows we've seen her.
(Woman) Caram.
I see you think very highly of that girl.
Excuse me, Vermut.

We are sorry to have had a woman of your stature come expressly
to support that old man, and that she has found all this.
Yes, sir.
Although I gave her the handkerchief before testifying, she failed.
It was the right decision to eliminate him.
By the way, aren't you worried about... the man who took the girl?
Yes.
I'd like to see the face of the man who fell into your arms.
Yes, the face distorted by the fear of death...
Will you go back to the United States again?
No.
The actress will stop working for a while.
I want to live quietly in Japan.
There are a couple of things that do not make me the weight.
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
(Adult voice) Inspector, keep it a secret that I've taken part in the case.
All right, but tell me what happened.
Parliamentarian Nomiguchi's family has vanished.
and the house of the accused, Chairman Masuyama, burned down.
I still can't explain anything to him.
When I figure it out, I'll call him.
Hey!
Wait, wait!
Kudo?
You see?
They've eliminated anything that might arouse suspicion.
This is their way.
Did you understand?
Voices why we have to prevent anyone from knowing our identity?
Yes!
Message received!
This means we have to crush them at all costs!
What was that?
But what the...?!
(Think) "I do not understand. What does it mean, that cut?
He had cut the sink?
But... with what?!"
Doctor!
This is a murder case!
How... How do you say?!
In the next chapter...
The case of the truck embedded in the cafeteria...

