(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Today, the cafeteria on a street that makes slope.
"Is it a crime or an accident that a truck has run over?
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Genta) I can't walk anymore...
Courage, try a little harder.
It won't be long now.
According to the doctor's map, there will be a bend ahead.
Come on, Genta!
With the bus we would have arrived earlier!
Since we've already eaten a good feast, we can't waste money.
Save the bus!
Garrepa!
(Thinking) It seems impossible, but he has clear ideas.
The case of the truck embedded in the cafeteria
I could swear this must be around here somewhere...
Guaita, Mitsuhiko, can't it be there?
"Pe... ach Sun... day."
-Yes, this is it! -Of course, Mitsuhiko, do you know English?
"Of course, my friends."
Stop being weird.
Let's go in, I'm hungry!
Yes, yes, let's go in!
(Girl) Welcome.
Of course, we...
You're the Junior Detective League.
You're meeting Doctor Agasa, aren't you?
Come with me, please.
(Genta) -Hungry! (Mitsuhiko) -You'll see what a feast.
Hello, welcome.
Doctor Agasa called us.
He says he'll be a while and to eat whatever he wants.
(Mitsuhiko) Oh!
What a good face!
Don't run, Genta.
Just order the first one.
Yes, I know!
First...
Thank you, Genta.
Let's see...
(Girl) Welcome.
I'm Mr. Ohara, I had made a reservation.
Yes.
Please come in.
(Mitsuhiko) The specialty is great, it's called Peach Sunday!
(Genta) -I want one.
(Ayumi) Me too!
What will you choose, Conan?
The same as you already well.
Then give us 4 Peach Sunday, please.
Now I take them.
(Genta) It looks so good!
Finger-licking good! -It's true.
Conan, aren't you eating?
-Then give it to me!
-No, Genta!
(Genta) If the ice cream melts, it won't be worth anything!
What do I get, now?!
More prospects!?
We're in a hurry.
This Sunday they'll be handed out.
Such a poorly paid job should have turned her down.
I couldn't do it!
This third-rate job is related to your regular income, isn't it?
-Yes, it does.
-You see?
By the way, have you rethought what I proposed?
I won't change my mind.
Do you do it for money?
I can raise the amount.
You can not, with the performance of the company.
Soon I will be able to offer you there is more.
Surely, next time...
-You always say the same thing! -We can reach an understanding.
Don't insist!
I don't want to waste myself doing these cheap propaganda leaflets.
If I keep working for you, my talent has no outlet.
Next time we'll get the prospectuses for a major hotel.
You won't complain.
No, with this job you can pay me my severance pay.
If I leave, you won't get ahead on your own, will you?
To make up for it, these prospects will be the last thing I do.
Okay, let's get started.
Wasn't there a hurry, this job?
I'm going to the washroom for a moment.
Ah!
It was great!
Eh?! You ate them both?!
Blow!
Come on, Mitsuhiko, what do you recommend for second?
-I'm fine, it's not a big deal...
(His guts churn)
-You see what I told you? -I have to go to the bathroom right now!
Now there's a gentleman!
I can't take it anymore!
I can't anymore!
I can't!
What?
Are you busy?
Wow, it can't be!
Oh... It was great!
The house specialty is fantastic.
Voices like it was busy?
Yes... I don't know who it is, but no matter how much I ask he doesn't answer!

(Genta) -I'll explode! (Mitsuhiko) -He's already gone out.
Ah, it was a customer!
I'm saved!
If you ask for something else, I want it too!
(Think) "Eh ?! Now with your right hand. What a skill you have.
Being ambidextrous is very advantageous!"
Welcome, doctor.
Hello, doctor!
-Children, I'm sorry I'm so late. Don't worry, we've eaten well.
Well, keep eating.
I've won some vouchers for the lottery at the shopping mall!
Well, I'll have a chocolate ice cream and a flan!
-But doesn't your tummy hurt?! - No, I'm fine.
Look at that bus.
What could it be, that one?
How beautiful!
It's true.
I seem to have dropped my lighter.
I'm going to look at it.
We have until sunset to finish it.
Get to work.
Yes, sir, yes.
Conan, what would you like to choose?
Ah, I'll have a coffee.
Coffee?
No, I meant... (crashing and cracking)
What happened?
But this...
You have casually left the seat and that has saved you, right?
Yes.
I got up to go get the lighter in the bathroom and...
You were saved by a miracle.
Oh!
The president of Ohara Projects.
That's the company at the top of this street, isn't it?
(Man) Agent Saito!
I've found the driver of the courier truck!
(man) Very good.
I'll be right there!
Eeeh?
(Saito) He's parked on slope and gone to deliver a package?
(Saito) I'm sorry.
I always stop it at the top of the street, where there's no slope,
but today there was this car parked
and I had to stop in front of it.
But I left the handbrake on and the reverse gear on.
Officer Saito, we looked in the driver's cab,
but we found it doesn't match what you claim.
This is impossible!
Look again!
-I'm sure I'm not mistaken! -It is obvious that you are lying!
The Aida... was my right hand.
He was like a son to me.
Now that I have lost my most valuable man,
my company is finished!
-No... it can't be.
A man is dead?! - President!
Se... Segawa!
What the hell are you doing here?
If you don't make the entry today,
we won't get the goods we can work with!
I know that.
But now is not the time to talk about it.
The Aida is dead.
The Aida is dead.
-It's been involved in an accident. No... it can't be.
(Thinking) I don't understand.
What does it mean, this cut?
-Where are you going, Conan!
-Conan!
Stop, stop!
You can't come in here!
I left something in the bathroom!
(He thinks) "That man...
"The first time he came out of the sink, he licked his finger.
"He had cut the sink? But... With what?!
"Blood stains?!
"This clue indicates that it came from outside!
"Now I've got it!
"He went out of this window
and the blood was left on the frame when he came back.
"That's why, even though Genta knocked on the door, he didn't answer.
"Mr. Ohara was not in the washroom.
"And then, he has wounded his left hand in the place where he has gone.
"That's why after he came back, he changed hands,
"and picked up the pencil with his right hand.
"But where did he go, and what did he go to do?
"Before the accident, the Ohara was too aware of the time.
The time?"
Hey, Conan, where have you been?!
I went to look for something that I had neglected.
Do any of you know what time the accident happened?
At ten past two. I looked at the time when the doctor arrived.
Ten past two?
There's one at 2:7.
What's wrong? No.
Before the accident happened,
the bus that left here, which way was it going?
It was on its way back.
I guess it was going all the way back, from here to the commercial avenue.
This bus, why did it stop?
Because this is the end of the route.
They stop for a few minutes to adjust to the schedule.
-What do you think? - Do you think it's a crime?!
What a nerve!
You always keep the clues for yourself!
It's true!
(Horn)
Excuse me, we'd like to ask you a few questions.
Would you make them come in, please?
(At the same time) YES!
(Think) "A piano wire?
"Sure, I get it!
"This is a murder case!
And the murderer is that man, I have no doubt!"
Excuse me, officer...
Tell me.
I have some business to attend to, I have to leave.

(Saito) We can't afford it.
I have to deposit an amount into the customers' account without fail.
Twenty minutes will be enough.
I beg you.
Do we have Mr. Ohara's statement?
-Yes, we've finished with the seva. Then I have no objection.
Thank you very much.
(Thinking) If you let him go, he'll destroy the evidence!
Doctor!
This is a murder case!
How did you... How do you say?!
Make it look like you're talking, please! De a... all right!
(Agasa voice) We'll have to wait!
You're telling me?
That's right.
If we let him act as he pleases, he'll twist everything.
This is a murder case!
Who is it, you?!
(Agasa's voice) Dr. Hiroshi Agasa.
Don't interfere in the work of the police!
Don't be hasty.
Since we're here, let's hear it.
Do you have any clues?
I don't have any clues, but I have evidence.
Mr. Ohara, evidence that points to you as the murderer.
This is ridiculous!
A truck crashed into the cafeteria due to carelessness!
No, it's not true!
We heard you, Dr. Agasa.
No...
(Agasa voice) OK.
We'll start with the assembly.
Nonsense!
This is nonsense!
I'm busy!
I don't have time to listen to nonsense!
Don't talk like that, we just want you to listen to your explanation.
Please continue.
Mr. Ohara, you have parked the car at the top of the street,
at the place where the messenger used to stop,
went into the cafeteria and invited Mr. Aida in.
Then you made him sit with his back to the window,
so that he could not see the street.
No, you didn't!
The chair where he sat down happened to be in this position.
In fact, after that,
in the middle of the meeting you got up and made it look like you were going to the toilet.
I didn't make it look like I was going to the toilet.
I went to the toilet!
Well, I don't understand.
This boy, in Genta, knocked on the toilet door repeatedly
and no one answered, right?!
It's true.
I couldn't stand it any longer!
It is that, in fact...
You had gone out of the washroom window
and went to the courier's truck.
(Off) "You had taken a wooden wedge that you had prepared earlier,
and placed it on the front wheel."
Ridiculous.
Why did he have to do, something like that?
Because with this setup
he had to make it look like the murder was not his doing!
He glued a piano wire to the wedge and tied it to the bus
that was stopped at the bus stop across the street.
He then left the truck's gear lever in neutral,
pulled out the handbrake and returned to the cafeteria.
At the scheduled time, when the bus started, the wedge would come off.
Then the courier's truck would go down the slope alone.
All he could do was wait
for the bus to pass in front of the coffee shop
and take cover when the time came.
For example, by pretending to go to the toilet to get the lighter.
Of course!
So that glowing thing behind the bus
was the piano wire!
(Agasa voice) Yes, and that's the wedge.
Ah... From it... (Conan voice) You mean this?
Here!
Yes, this is it!
It's an ordinary piece of wood.
(Agasa voice) The thing must have gone like this:
the wedge was made of tender wood, and it must have split.
This is a fragment.
(Agasa voice) The speed the truck went down the slope,
broke the window of the cafeteria and went inside.
Mr. Aida was killed by the brutal crash of the truck.
The... the setup... Let's say there is a set-up.
Do you have proof that I did it?!
If you want proof, I have it!
Your plans have failed at one particular point:
When you tied the piano wire on the bus, you cut your finger!
I did it with the door!
How could he handle the courier's truck with one hand?
he was able to act without leaving any blood stains.
But when he went into the bathroom
he put his hand on the window frame and blood came out.
Next to the inside of the window, there is a bloodstain.
You, after returning from the toilet, continued the meeting,
but to disguise the wound on your left hand,
you picked up the pencil with your right hand.
Conan saw how you licked the finger of your left hand.
Isn't that right, Conan?

Yes, I have a wound on my finger!
But I got it with the doorknob!
You can't say there's any proof of that!
Can't you, officer?
He's... he's right.
-You shut up, Miki! Yes, sir!
If you claim that I'm dead Aida,
I want you to show me hard evidence!
(Conan voice) Excuse me, what's this?
Inside the car there are some gloves with a strange drawing!
Will you explain to us what this means, Mr. Ohara?
If you examine the piano chlordane pasted on the bus, (Agasa voice)
you will see that the blood matches your blood exactly.
The gloves found in your car are stained with blood.
the same place where you say you injured yourself in the washroom.
And at the window frame there is blood, as if it had been entered outside.
And also, the piano wire is stained with your blood.
How do you intend to explain all this to us?
How do you justify this?
Yes, I killed him.
That man, Aida, had forgotten how we had pampered and helped him
and he betrayed us.
He said he wanted to leave the company.
If he resigned and left us, the company could go down the drain.
And if our end didn't have to change,
I thought I could make it look like he died in an accident...
and collect his life insurance and financial compensation.
Until we met in the cafeteria, though I was hesitant.
But when he turned down an important job
to walk away with financial compensation under his arm...
I don't know what to say...
I feel so bad...
(Title: "Free Magic")

Free Magic hontou no Tokoro!
Free Magic ay te enano na no sano!
Tsumetai kurayami no naka de nukumori wo tesaguri shite'ru.
Ka wa Kitto Kiseki mo okoru Darou.
Free Magic Kitto ay ga aru nara maarui katachi!
Free Magic ima Kono té no naka umugoe agete!
Kara genki demo madamada Mucha shite.
Free Magic wazuka na Yuuki!
Free Magic Atsumete sodachimashou!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Doctor Agasa, I thank you for what you did for me.
Thank you, my innocence was proven.
You're welcome, you're welcome!
These things I can do even finished removing!
That famous detective, Shinichi Kudo,
was initiated into detective techniques with me!
(At the same time) Really?!
(Think) And what else?
What a nerve he has!
Well, whatever!
(Genta) -It's great, doctor!
(Mitsuhiko) -So much!
10 years ago?
Wasn't this half a month before Misaki got married?
(Thinks) "Damn!
"But wasn't he just an aggressor?
Where did this fragment come from?"
In the next chapter...
The Nocturne of the Red Murder, Part One
The clue to the next Conan is... A bust!
In the next, a sublime story! A story that hurts your stomach?

