(Off) "Water has no form, the wind is not seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"The language of flowers has much meaning.
"The song and the will to murder overcome the barriers of time.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Off) "We received a request from Mr. Yoshinori Kana,
president of the Kana Amusement Group.
"He wished for us to attend a private party
and he was protecting his wife, who felt threatened.
"Halfway through the party, the power went out,
and Mrs. Misaki was attacked.
"Suspicions were focused on the protagonist, Gerard Tenma.
But it turns out that Gerard himself was murdered!"
Red homicide night, part two.
(Think) "The murder weapon is the sword of the armor.
"A tuning fork of the kind used for tuning pianos!
"And this mark on the arms?
"On the other hand, what is it doing here, the piano stool?
It's recessed under the fat sofa."
Don't wander up and down!
Gentlemen, wait to the side to keep the place intact.
(Michel) Gerard...
Mr. Yoshinori, have you murdered Mr. Tenma?
No, sir!
You're mistaken!
I didn't kill him!
I was in the antechamber!
I was here!
Mr. Tenma has gone to the piano, leaving me aside.
(Off) "When I had no choice but to sit down,
I heard a scream, and when I went over there..."
He was already dead.
But we were all in the big room downstairs.
No one can corroborate that.
It's true!
How could you do something like that to me?
I didn't kill him!
To begin with, you didn't like at all
the decision he took in Gerard without consulting you.
And then, when you found out that he went out with your wife,
you were completely enraged!
It's that... it's that I...
It will be the end of the Kana family.
What a pity, isn't it, Mr. President?
Who do you think is going to do the chopping, the Kana Amusement Group?
I am innocent!
Innocent!
So, you've seen the killer.
No.
I... I...
When I ran into the room, there was no one there.
When Mrs. Misaki showed us this room,
the piano lid was closed.
Did Gerard open it?
No, in such a big room, the piano feels quite good without opening it.
He didn't open it.
Now that you mention it...
Before Tenma came in, the lid was already open.
Gee, this means...
that perhaps the murderer has previously lifted the lid
to prevent you from seeing the crime from this angle here.
(Sirens)
The only exit the piano room has is this one.
One of the windows was open, but it is at a considerable height.
If someone were to jump through here, it would be difficult for them to dodge the rocks.
(Think) the window frame there is a mark
as if a thread had been rubbed.
It's nailed on after the Misaki was attacked!"
With a rope, you can run away up and down.
Well, it's a reasonable possibility.
But it is already possible to run away, in such a short space of time?
(Think) "The mark on the end of the sword is perpendicular.
"This means that...
It could be!"
Gentlemen, everyone go back and testify where you were at the time of the crime.
We'll go to the next room.
(Think) "The small chandelier is in a higher place than the big one.
"When they showed us the room, I'd swear it was at a lower point.
"Hey? There's a sign here too.
"It's like the one on the window.
"This handle is the one that allows you to raise and lower the chandelier.
"It should be easy to make it go.
"This box is the only one that has no dust accumulated....
"The" Nocturne of Red Love "!
"This song is a gift that Mr. Tenma dedicated to Misaki 10 years ago!
Misaki 10 years ago!

"How do you digest this, what the hell does it mean?
"What is this? There's something on the piano.
"Is it blood?
"No!
And also inside the piano?"
Inspector Kobayashi!
Am I, now, Conan?
Can I say something in your ear?
(whispers)
Inspector Megure?
That we're going to look for a bust of Beethoven, he says?
It really is the sea? Yes!
Do what you can!
Mr. Yoshinori, we'd like you to accompany us to the police station.
I didn't kill him!
How many times do I have to say it?!
-Misaki!
Help me, please!
-Dear...
(Think) "If this fragment fits that object....
"I knew it!
"The fragments that have fallen are from this ornament!
The murderer can only be that person!"
Brother, don't worry, I'll try to get the enterprise off the ground.
Of course, you must be thinking of publishing Gerard Tenma's posthumous album.
Aren't you?
Hey!
It's the man who attacked Mrs. Misaki!
Aaaatxum!
Oooh?
Inspector Megure.
As you guessed, we found a bust of Beethoven on the beach.
Eeeh?
I didn't ask you to look for anything!
(Thinking) Oh, Mother!
Look, inspector, what is this?
On the railing is the sign left by a string or a wire.
Eh?!
What have I stepped on?
Inspector!
Look at this string!
It's like fishing line, isn't it?
It's a nylon thread.
Look, this bust had a stick with nylon thread glued to it.
A stick attached?!
The sign on the railing is a mark left by the thread!
(Think) Very good, Kogoro.
That's the way I like it!
But why, a bust of Beethoven?
Look, in the photo also comes out the bust!
What does it mean?
This picture was taken on the sly last night.
The bust of Beethoven is missing.
I got it!
The man in the cape was a montage!
As you say?!
Yes!
This Beethoven is from this room!
If it had been used for this montage...
Look at the columns.
See how the length of the pole matches?
Mm... Wait, wait, wait!
This ornament is missing the fragments we found, right?
That's right!
Let's try the other balcony, Inspector.
Mrs. Misaki, can you lend us a fishing rod?
Eh?
Yes.
We'll place it here and make the threads go all the way to the railing.
You must have tied the end of the thread into a ring...
to put a weight on it.
Then, it must have been passed under the railing.
Inspector Kobayashi, tie the thread to some object and hold on.
Mr. Inspector, may I borrow your raincoat?
Conencem.
Now everything is ready.
Inspector Kobayashi, they are struggling with the alleged assailant,
and when I give you a signal, drop it and tighten the thread.
I'm ready, Mr. Mouri.
Now!
Tighten the string!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Now let it go!
Unbelievable!
That was perfect!
Oh, noo!
My raincoat!
These movements are identical to what Mrs. Misaki did.
-So... -It can't be!
Sister-in-law!
In a darkened room, it appeared that the assailant had fled.
In other words, the offender and the victim are the same person.
(Off) "You turned off the differential switch in the hallway,
entered the room, locked the door and called out."
Isn't that right, Ms. Misaki ?!
Misaki?
Really excellent, Mr. Detective.
But that I have been tormented and threatened is true.
I wanted them to believe me and that's why I made this comedy.
I understand, ma'am.
But this incident has no direct relation to the murder.
Mr. Yoshinori, will you join us at the police station, please?
Yes.
(Thinking) We're not doing well.
Damn it!
(Shouting)
It's coming from the piano room!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Conan!
What happened?!
Where are you?!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
What has it been, this time?
(Kogoro voice) Wait, don't take him away.
What are you saying?
Oh, you got sleepy?
That's right.
I finally understood everything.
Look at the sword mark on the ground.
It has fallen perpendicularly.
The identification body pointed it out.
We have the marks from the window frame, the ones from the railing
and those of the tuning fork that Tenma picked up.
If we put these clues together we can figure out a creepy trap.

Above the mark left by the sword there is a spider.
This is, precisely, the last point that unites all these clues.
(Kogoro voice) It can't be!
(Kogoro voice) Yes, inspector!
The sword that someone has left hanging to the spider
rushed in a straight line, has pierced the victim,
and that's why the mark is perpendicular.
No... it can't be...
Even if someone could have made the sword fall when it suited him,
it could have stuck in the victim's head.
One essential fact: Mr. Tenma was face down!
All this is impossible!
To decipher this enigma, we have to look at that tuning fork.
The tuning fork?
And also the piano bench!
Between the stool and the piano only one person was passing.
This was a trap.
When Mr. Tenma stood in front of the piano to try to play,
the stool had fallen next to it!
In addition, there was a tuning fork on the floor, which is used for tuning pianos.
Mr. Tenma tried to pick it up.
Yes, by doing so, one could stick the sword in his back.
That tuning fork was the mechanism that made the sword fall!
Where did you get that from?
It's a terrifying set-up.
A thread is passed through the center of the handle of the sword,
and the ends are joined together,
which are passed through the metal structure of the chandelier.
The thread is attached to the railing, one side is picked up
and screw it around a sofa.
At the other end is placed the tuning fork.
The other thread is pulled out of the window and a weight is attached to it.
Then, if Mr. Tenma removed the tuning fork, fixed under the sofa,
the weight of the sword would detach the thread from the tuning fork,
and instantly the sword would be pushed by its own weight.
On the other hand, the thread with which the sword had been suspended
would fall into the void dragged by the weight that had bound it,
and would be swallowed up by the sea.
Wow, you're right!
Who was the author of this montage?
I would like you to think back.
Think of a montage made with thread.
A method that uses a weight to throw the evidence into the sea...
Isn't it identical to the montage of the man in the cape from before?
Yes!
Misaki!
Yes, the murderer is you, Ms. Misaki!
(Off) "After offering us the wine,
she pretended to go to the kitchen and came to work out the set-up.
"Placing the chandelier on top,
"allowed her to prevent the set-up from being discovered,
and at the same time, it boosted the murderous force of the aggression."
I thought you were a detective of recognized fame, but I was wrong.
Do you have proof that I did it?
Well, then, look at the stains on the lid and the inside of the piano.
Eh ?!
This is... this is wine!
Just because there's a wine stain here
means that it must have fallen when you opened the lid.
The person who dropped the wine is the murderer.
Why are you so sure?
Because it's the wine that Mr. Michel brought from France,
which you can't find in Japan.
Yes.
I am sure, this is the wine that I brought.
We all drank this wine together.
The only one who did not drink is you, Mrs. Misaki!
(Off) "I've bumped into you.
"Probably the wine that I poured on you was left on the rose.
and fell when you opened the lid of the piano."
You, not only made it look like Mr. Tenma was assaulting her,
but you also made it look good
because that photograph was discovered,
to pin the murder on an out-of-his-mind Mr. Yoshinori.
Hey, Misaki!
Is this true?
Wait a minute, how do you explain the stalker thing?
That was her doing and she was doing comedy.
The threatening calls, she should have made them herself
using her own cell phone!
Sister-in-law, why did you die in Tenma?!
The date on the photo of Misaki and in Tenma
corresponds to half a month before their wedding.
It's... it's impossible!
And then, that "Nocturne of red love" is about 10 years old.
Mrs. Misaki, it's a song that he gave you!
Is it true?
At first glance, it looks like a love song.
However, the red rose is passion,
the marigold, hopelessness,
the Lobelia, bad faith and the dahlia, betrayal.
This song showed resentment towards a love that had betrayed her!

Is this true, Mrs. Misaki?
Yes...
That day, 10 years ago...
He insisted that he didn't want to break up with me,
I quoted him up a cliff
and pushed him off.
And then you married Mr. Yoshinori.
In Tenma you escaped death,
so you went abroad under a French name.
When you found out En Tenma's true identity, (Kogoro voice)
all that remained was to try to assassinate him again
to eliminate all traces of a frustrated murder from the past!
Say, why did you want to pin that criminal act on your husband?
It was all because of Masayo.
Because if I was arrested, she would take my husband and company!
She couldn't take a man who was in jail!
I would protect the company until he returned.
Misaki...
10 years ago, they didn't find the body.
I have lived in fear of the possibility that Tenma was alive.
Because I knew the meaning of that song...
No.
Actually, when Gerard sang this song at the concerts,
he always whispered these words:
"Pour compensar ton coeur Blesse".
(Off) In French, they mean: "To compensate for your wounded heart."
Probably the new arrangement
had changed the lyrics for this reason.
Yes!
Except for the red rose, he changed the rest:
a hyacinth, a laurel and an olive tree.
In the language of flowers it is sadness, peace, glory....
Mr. Tenma, realizing that he had harassed the Misaki
and continued to sing the song to make up for it.
So much so that he dared to sign a contract with the Kana Group.
Yes.
At first he was sunk in melancholy,
but he no longer harbored resentment
and considered himself happy for his triumph.
He wanted me to listen to the real "Nocturne of Red Love".
(Title: "Secret of my heart")
Donna kotoba ni kaete kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou....
Alekara ikutsumo no kisetsu ga.

Toorisugita keredo itsumo soba de waratteru,
watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada Hitotsu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai él.
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake... I'm waiting for a chance...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Yes!
Now I'm super interested in the language of flowers.
Yes, I'll see you around, Sonoko.
Bye bye!
Ah, welcome home!
You got it!
I stopped by the florist.
They're for you.
Eh ?!
Did you buy them?
For me?
Thank you. Thank you.
Ah!
How beautiful!
Peach blossoms!
Let's see, in the language of flowers it means...
Invincible in battle.
Just a second, Conan.
What are you saying?
Uh... this... is that...
What do you mean, "invincible in the fight"?
Exactly this.
Hurry, we have to get out to the street before they get on the elevator!
They won't be able to run away!
You're not Misato, you're a common impostor!
In the next chapter...
The great investigation of the nine floors
The clue to the next Conan is... The alphabet!
The next one will take place in a 9-story building.
The Junior League of Detectives performs a feat!

