"Water has no form, the wind cannot be seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"The crux of today is the cashier's tickets.
"The truth is eventually known.
He has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Video game)
(Genta) It has!
It has!
Now you'll see, Mitsuhiko!
(Mitsuhiko) Yaiba kick!
-Oysters, you've beaten me! -Now me, hit me!
Give it to me!
(Think) Come on, how long will you be?!
(Genta) -There, Ayumi!
Smoke him! (Mitsuhiko) -I won't lose!
(Mitsuhiko) -Now!
(Ayumi) -No good! (Mitsuhiko) -Copy Yaiba Fist!
A dangerous recipe
After-fight ice cream is always great!
There you could have played, Conan.
Well, another day...
Boy, this department is packed to the rafters.
Because now it's time to shop for dinner.
Oh, boy.
Dinner?
What are you making, at home, today?
I'd like you to make eels.
Shall we make a game of a la carte deductions?
-Deductions a la carte? -What's this?
It's a figure of speech, guys.
From the shopping tickets that people throw away,
we'll deduce what they'll eat for dinner.
Do you like it?
Let's get started!
Potatoes, onions, an egg cup of half a dozen...
What is an egg cup?
It's for eggs, for laying chicken eggs.
Then we have veal and breadcrumbs.
What do you take out?
I already know!
Croquettes!
But we also use wheat flour.
Maybe there are ten left.
Yes, maybe.
Okay, now me.
Let's see, chicken breast, ketchup and peas.
And also tomato, lettuce and celery.
-It's chicken rice! -Accompanied with salad!
Yes!
Come on, now me!
Oh, there's a pile!
Well come on, I'll start!
Potatoes, onions, veal, wheat flour, sugar.
What are you going to make?
I can't think of anything.
They must make it either stewed or au gratin.
But normally they don't put sugar, they put salt, bell pepper....
Maybe they want the sugar for something else.
Just because they bought it now doesn't mean they have to use it today.
Yes, that's also a possibility.
Very good!
Next!
Tri... tri... tri... trin... kitchen sharpener,
cutting wood, grater,
gloves, plastic... box, dustpan.
-Isn't it from another store? -Maybe yes, but what's chaira?
It's a small kitchen knife.
A knife for fruit.
-And the gloves, what should they be for? -They have to be for cooking.
People wear gloves for cooking?
Ah!
I've got it!
This person just moved to a new house and today he starts cooking!
-That's why he bought that.
In-and the grater, for the onion.
(Think) "They make some pretty good deductions.
And the dustpan to pick up the garbage!
It's obvious, donkey."
-It'll be a young girl. -Why?
It could also be a man.
Let's see, the third... Oh!
The multicolored ball from Yaiba the Masked!
Wow, so maybe he has a son.
And the fourth one... Two small batteries, a cyclollum.
What is it, a cyclollum?
One you put on a bicycle to ride at night.
(Mitsuhiko) He's bought a mixture of things.
Finally, the fifth one.
This one's from another store: "Satoshi Kobayashi Pharmacy."
-The pharmacy next door! -The name has recently been changed.
Never mind that.
What did you buy?
Well, I bought a chlorine compound.
(Think) Chlorine?!
Genta, let me see!
The last ticket too, please!
What... what's wrong with you? Don't ask, let me see!
What is it, Conan?
That's right, chlorine...
You know what the hell it is, the chlorine thing?
It's colorless, sometimes white, a substance in crystals,
used to disinfect the skin and sterilize.
But it can have other uses.
Other uses?
It is a substance with a very high toxicity.

(At the same time) -What? -It's like a poison?
It is usually made into bait by moles, which is used to exterminate them.
Its ingredients are those listed on the ticket:
potatoes, onion, beef, wheat flour and sugar.
So, they have bought it to exterminate moles.
Genta... Do you think there are moles in this town?
Ah, you're right.
Of rats, you see them sometimes...
They'll want to use it to disinfect the skin.
With the potatoes and onions, they want to prepare a stew.
Yes... I guess that's what it is...
(Mitsuhiko) Conan...
If you're so worried about it, we can ask the salesman at the store.
Yes, you're right.
(Thinking) "From 20 minutes past 3 o'clock. It hasn't even been an hour.
The sales clerk was Miss Masako Arai."
Thank you for waiting.
That boy, yes, I remember him well.
(All) Hurray!
He was a man in his 20s.
I thought we didn't have any left, I told him,
and he told me that he needed today.
What did he look like, this gentleman?
Let's see, how should I tell you... he looked strangely uneasy.
-What were his facial features like? -And the hair?
Was it greasy like me?
(At the same time) Tell us, please!
Oh...
Let's see, 5'7" tall...
Light brown hair, he wore glasses.
Thin and with an almost black jacket...
The question would be to find out what he bought the chlorine compound with.
I'm worried that he wasn't at all calm,
if he wanted to disinfect the skin.
If someone ate a bait for moles, what would happen?
Well, he would not die step, but the body would be paralyzed.
Paralyzed?
I know!
He must really want to prepare mole bait!
He intends to make someone eat him and kidnap him!
Kidnap him?
So, it would be understandable that, even if there are no moles,
he buys the ingredients to make mole bait.
For the time being, let's find out the identity of that man.
At that time we had so many customers that I don't remember it...
Well...
That's him!
Kitchen trinxet.
1,980 yen.
It is small, but good enough to cut potatoes and onions.
The cutting wood is made of the small plastic ones.
The grater is also plastic.
He must be unaccustomed to cooking, and bought everything in a hurry.
Hey!
The 120 yen gloves are these!
They are very thin and made of polyethylene.
You can use them to prepare bait without leaving fingerprints.
They look like disposable gloves.
But for carrying the mole bait you have enough.
This one is the narrowest and the one with the longest handle.
What does the dustpan have to do with the mole bait?
Yes.
It's not clear to me.
Yes, it could be that the guy God bought it, but...
Does he know where I live, this guy? No, I don't.
Look, guys!
This ball glows in the dark!
Because it's covered with a phosphorescent coating.
We don't know what it has to do with the bait either.
But we didn't see when he bought it.
Too bad, because we were right in front of it.
Ah!
This cyclollum!
It is a novelty that came out 3 days ago, I remember well.
It is this one.
This will be an essential clue!
The person who bought it, let's see...
he was 5'7", a skinny guy, wearing an almost black windbreaker,
had brown hair and wore glasses?
Yes, I see you are well informed.
He also bought batteries.
But I don't know him or where he lives.
Thank you, sir.
Cobri'm this, please.
Conan, will you put it on your bike?
But if you don't buy batteries...
I won't use it.
It will be the clue to find that boy.
But if we don't know his name and address, we won't be able to look for him.
No, of clues, we have.
The sixth ticket.
Now that you mention it, we haven't looked at it yet.
It's from a 24-hour super Utopia in Beika Park.
There's a plastic umbrella bought in both 50s.
Both 50?
At that time we were in the Beika Library.
Yes.
Then, all of a sudden, it started pouring rain.
200 meters from the supermarket,
there's the bus stop for the Beika train station.
He must have come with the bus.
He walked to the bus stop.
Halfway there, it started to rain,
and he had to rush into the supermarket and buy an umbrella.

His house is near the supermarket, in the opposite direction from the bus stop,
too far away to go back for the umbrella.
And judging by the knife and wood he bought, he must live alone.
You're right.
A person who lives alone usually shops the 24-hour supermarkets.
-Maybe we can find out where he lives! -Let's go to that supermarket!
(Think) "That man needed the chlorine compound today.
"If he wanted to make mole bait and make someone eat it....
If we don't hurry, we'll be too late!"
Follow me!
A man with light brown hair, wearing glasses,
about 20 years old, 5'7" tall...
I have forces of customers matching this description.
At 02:50 he bought a plastic umbrella.
Ah.
That was that guy.
You know him ?!
Yes, he comes from time to time.
Do you know his name or address?
No, but he must not live far away, he often comes with sandals.
We haven't found out who he is or where he lives.
We'll have to split up to look for him.
And how will we find him?
For the bike!
(At the same time) The bike?!
He won't go shopping by bike
because it doesn't have a basket to put things in.
And then, it is possible that we find placed the ciclollum.
We will look for bikes with a lamp of the latest model and without basket!
Yes!
Take this to avoid confusion, Genta!
Ayumi and Mitsuhiko, you will take this.
Is it clear?
He lives near here, in the opposite direction from the bus stop,
far enough away to make you lazy to go back and look for the umbrella.
When you find it, report it on the transmitter.
See you later.
Wait for it!
Over there is the bus stop!
Where should he go?
He's upset.
Surely he must have had an idea.
Come on, let's get to the point, guys.
(Think) "If he's gone to buy the light for the bike expressly,
it's because he was planning to go tonight!
"If we don't get ready we won't be able to stop!
And why does he want the ball and the dustpan?"
Oh!
I found it!
Hello... Testing microphone, testing microphone...
Detective League, bicycle discovered!
Come to the place of the find!
(Think) Congratulations, Genta!
-People! -So you've found it?
-Now it's only left in Conan, right? -Yes.
Ah, you had gone to look for the skateboard?
He lives in this house?
Yes.
But how will we know which one it is, his apartment?
We'll hide and lie in wait.
He'll come out.
(Opens a door)
Someone has come out!
5'7" tall, lanky,
and wearing an almost black jacket, brown hair and glasses.
It's him!
Wait.
(Think) There's no doubt it's him!
Come on, let's go!
Aaaah!
-Me too! Me too!
Me too! Casum dena.
Alert, do not fall!
-I think we're in mass distance.
In-He will lose!
This ratchet does not accelerate more?
No, you guys are too heavy!
It is not.
Caram.
We finally lost it.
If she came down here, it means...
She's gone into a house here. (Mitsuhiko) Shall we look them over one by one?
What?!
I... I don't want to go to the one in that alley.
They have a huge dog that always embroiders!
A dog?
It could be!
Look at this!
This ball glows in the dark!
This is the narrowest and the one with the longest handle.
(The dog barks)
(The dog barks) Stop it!
What you try to do is a crime and you know it, don't you?
-It's useless for you to run away! -We know your name!
We also know where you live, thief!
What do you mean?
What's going on?
-What's this commotion? -What's going on? -What's happened?
What now, Mr. Murakami?
Even if you want to run away?
Genta, take off your shoe!
The shoe!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
My shoe...
(Off) "After that, the police responded to the neighbors' tip-off and arrested Mr. Murakami.
and arrested Mr. Murakami."
(Title: "Secret of my heart")
Donna kotoba ni kaete kimi ni tsutaerarareru Darou....
Alekara ikutsumo no kisetsu ga.

Toorisugita keredo itsumo soba de waratteru,
watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada Hitotsu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai él.
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake... I'm waiting for a chance...
DETECTIVE CONAN

In the end, I wanted to give the mole bait to the dog.
An officer from Beika police station called and explained it to me.
Every time that boy went for his walk,
that dog would rampage like crazy and bark at him.
And he wanted to kill him.
It's true.
That dog is always barking.
He found in a book how to make the bait.
And yesterday afternoon, when he walked past that house,
he knew that the people who lived there were on a trip.
First he wanted to paralyze him with poison,
and then he wanted to beat him to death.
The game of card deductions helped us to save the dog.
Let's play again!
Earlier I took some tickets!
Come on, don't pick them up!
Ready?
Tuna sashimi, mayonnaise, instant noodles... (Think) I...
(Thinking) I'm... I'm starting to feel sick.

