"Water has no form, the wind cannot be seen,
the cases admit all kinds of deductions...
"Today, the special one of the haunted masks.
"A locked room full of mysteries.
It has the brain of an adult and is..."
DETECTIVE CONAN
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimono Dakar.
Kokomo ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutate kata mo.
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura wa,
tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku.
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tobetsu na ay motometeru,
shitakana Hibi ni nayandari, true heart for mystery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide,
kizutsuke ave dream toki mo.

Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka de,
Tsuga no basho he you take your way!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
The Haunted Masks Laugh Coldly, Part Two
The messenger of the cursed masks.
Why didn't you contact the police
when you received these letters?
Mrs. Suo, the victim,
had commented that she often received such letters.
Let's see, these are the cursed masks?
Yes.
After we heard the groaning, we felt a kind of cracking.
It must have been the noise the killer made when he spread them around.
This door was locked from the inside, wasn't it, Kogoro?
Yes, so I broke the glass over the door,
entered Conan, and we confirmed that the lady was dead.
The door was locked from the inside.
For both places.
For both places?
Yes, Mrs. Suo closed the door at two points.
Take a good look.
With this lock...
and then, with this padlock.
Why was it locked with a lock and padlock?
According to the statement of Mrs. Inaba, his secretary,
when the exorcist counteracted the curse,
he told them that they had to keep certain customs,
like locking the bedroom doors.
See, an exorcist.
What nonsense.
You mean the victim herself has opened the door
and let the killer in?
I don't think this hypothesis works either.
It seems that Mrs. Suo had been suffering from insomnia lately
and was taking very strong sleeping pills.
Therefore, there is no indication that she put up any resistance.
If the victim closed the door,
took the sleeping pills and went to sleep,
how did the murderer get in?
And this door?
The room next door is an adjoining bedroom,
but that door was locked many years ago.
It is impossible to open it, and it seems that they have not opened it.
Above the door, there are some gaps,
have the timbers been removed?
We have checked.
The space between the gaps is 5 centimeters.
Not even an arm can pass through.
And what about this window?
It is embedded in the wall.
It does not present any anomaly.
Then, the murderer, from where and how must he have entered here?
The only access, the door that opens, was locked from the inside.
The door to the adjoining bedroom is locked,
and the louvres in the gap won't allow an arm through.
And the two windows are recessed.
As it is unlikely that the victim opened the door,
because he had taken sleeping pills,
this was a locked room impossible to get in and out of.
Did Mrs. Suo take the sleeping pills herself?
If she didn't take them, who would have given them to her, kid?
Eh?
Wait, wait!
I've already solved it, inspector!
Yes ?!
You have?!
The murderer met Mrs. Suo,
made her take a drink with sleeping pills and put her to sleep.
He took her to bed and murdered her!
And after leaving, how did he manage to leave the door locked?
Well... well, look...
-I don't know yet! -Oh, sir...
(He thinks) With this we only explain half the enigma of the locked room.
This door is where the murderer could have entered and left.
How the hell did he lock the door, from the outside?
If he had only turned the latch, he could have done it with a thread.
The problem is the lock, Inspector.
To close it, you must first close the door,
align the metal parts of the frame,
insert the pin through the two pieces of metal and close it.
Carrying out such a complex maneuver is almost impossible.
What kind of assembly must have been invented, the killer?

(Thinking) "Whatever the set-up is,
if the murderer has taken so much trouble,
why didn't he leave everything as if it had been a suicide?
"After the crime, he even called us,
as if he wanted to draw attention to himself."
The murder weapon is this knife.
It decorated the Hall of Masks.
The lady has been stabbed at the head of the bed,
but it's strange.
The blood has been impregnated even to the handle.
Caram.
Yes, it is strange.
If she had grabbed it by the handle, there shouldn't be any blood.
Now that we're talking about blood,
in some masks we have found stains of the blood of the same group.
This one was on the bed.
It was splattered like that because it was at a shorter distance.
Perhaps at the time of the crime the murderer was wearing this mask.
Then, it is possible that the murderer had some stains left.
Are there any other masks splattered?
Yes, but it's still understandable.
All the others are stained with blood only around the mouth.
In fact, the masks of Jofre,
it is said that they engulf the vital fluid of their owners.
This is absurd.
The murderer has scattered the masks for the scene of the crime
to muddy the investigation with this story.
Well, I guess that explains it.
(Thinking) "Really, this is the only motive the killer had
to leave the masks scattered around?
No.
He must have had another objective."
Inspector!
Kobayashi!
How did it go?
We've searched the area around the mansion,
but there are no footprints in the snow to indicate that anyone has entered.
So that means the murderer... It's someone from the mansion.
With the exception of Mr. Mouri, the people in the mansion are:
Photographer Masanori Katagiri.
The professional baseball player, Mamoru Matsudaira.
A famous fortune teller, Haruka Nagara.
A rock singer, Toya Aigawa.
The victim's secretary, Kazuyo Inaba.
And the maids, Minaho and Honami Shimogasa.
7 people in total.
We can narrow down the suspects a bit more.
What do you mean?
This bedroom, on the third floor,
can't be reached without first going through the stairs in the west wing.
At the time of the crime, the east and west doors to the room were locked.
It was not possible to go from the east wing into the west wing.
In conclusion, the murderer is someone from the east wing.
What is the distribution of the rooms?
On the second floor of the east wing is Mr. Aigawa and Minaho.
In the west wing, Mrs. Inaba and Honami.
On the second floor, us,
and on the west in Katagiri, Matsudaira and Haruka.
There are 5 suspects: Mr. Katagiri, Mr. Matsudaira,
Miss Nagara, Mrs. Inaba and Miss Minaho.
(Thinking) Yes.
The messenger of the cursed masks is one of them!
Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you very much for your cooperation.
We would like to ask you a few questions.
The crime took place at 2/4 of 3 am.
We would like to confirm how you acted, following the order of events.
You start, Miss Honami.
I was sleeping until Miss Ran came to tell me.
She took the key and went to the second floor.
Where did she leave the key?
On the kitchen wall next to the dining room.
So anyone could have taken it? Yes, the key was in the usual place.
What do you say, Ran? Yes, it's true, inspector.
Are there copies?
It was an old key, it is not possible to make copies.
When we entered the Hall of Masks,
we discovered that Jofre's masks had disappeared.
And then, we heard the groaning of the third floor and a roar.
Yes, and when the Minaho woke up, calling on the internal line, Mr. Aigawa appeared,
Mr. Aigawa appeared.
I was also sleeping on the second floor.
When they went to wake up the Honami, I noticed it,
but I thought nothing was wrong.
As the commotion increased, I went up to the second floor.
I was awakened by the Honami's call and went upstairs.
I was sleeping in my room too, but the commotion woke me up,
and in the hallway, I saw the Minaho coming up the stairs.
I can say the same.
So can I.
Mrs. Inaba, they didn't see you when they discovered the body.
Where was it?
I had a little too much to drink this afternoon,

and I have fallen fast asleep.
You didn't notice anything, the commotion?
Well... no...
By the way, Mr. Katagiri, did you know Mrs. Suo before?
No, today was the first time we met.
Mrs. Suo wanted me to investigate the accident
in which her wife died 20 years ago.
She asked you to?
Why did she ask you?
-Do you know what the reason might be? -I can't think of anything.
(Thinking) "Mrs. Suo wanted Kogoro to investigate Mr. Katagiri's wife's accident?
Mr. Katagiri's wife's accident?
Why?"
Mr. Aigawa, the accident that your mother caused
also happened 20 years ago, didn't it?
Yes, that's right.
Eh?
It can't be!
Mr. Katagiri?
The accident that killed your wife...
Even if I keep it to myself, they'll find out anyway.
Yes, she was the victim of the accident caused by the Aigawa's mother.
It can't be!
Mr. Aigawa, weren't you aware of it?
No.
At that time, I was only 6 years old.
But what does that have to do with this case?
The police think one of us is the murderer, am I wrong?
It is not possible!
Is it true, Inspector?!
Not exactly, that's not it.
As far as I remember, it stopped snowing after 12 o'clock.
You haven't found any footprints in the snow, have you?
Inspector, it's true, isn't it?!
We can't deny it.
We have found no evidence
to show that the murderer went in or out.
-It is not possible! -The murderer is one of us?!
And since the Hall of Masks was locked,
the murderer can only be one of the 5 people in the west wing:
Mr. Katagiri, Miss Haruka, Mrs. Inaba,
Mr. Matsudaira and Minaho.
(Thinking) "Wait a minute!
"Earlier that person said something?
Why did he say that?"
But we can't focus on just one suspect.
There is a way to find out.
Do you think you'll find him with strange clairvoyance?
I hope not.
We can think that the murderer must have come out strong, splattered with blood.
Even if he wore the mask as a precaution,
it wouldn't have been easy to wipe the blood off his body and hair.
The killer must be someone who has had enough time to clean himself!
Are you insinuating that I killed him?!
Come on!
The one who has had enough time to clean himself
is the one who didn't show up when we found the body, you.
You're joking!
Why would I want to kill her?
Hey, you!
Stop talking nonsense!
Stop it!
-Calm down! -Endevin impostor of the devil!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Think) "Now. Now I understand!
"I have fallen into the trap set for me by the assassin.
"But now, this farce, it's over!
The curse of the masks... I've solved it!"
Conan, what do you want?
Mr. Mouri wants to ask you something important.
Hey, you want to tell me what's going on, boy?
It's over there, on top of the cabinet.
Take a look!
All right, you win.
You win.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
If there's nothing.
Ah!
Aaaaah... Here we go again...
(Think) Leave me the rest, Kogoro.
This is the bedroom next door?
It's identical to Mrs. Suo's.
Since they're next to each other, it's logical.
Yes.
Since it has the same structure as the crime scene, (Kogoro's voice)
it will be appropriate for solving the case
and unmask the identity of the murderer.
But the murderer was not Mrs. Inaba!
I told you it wasn't!
Have you deciphered the riddle of the locked room?
(Kogoro voice) Yes, I've solved it completely.
Then tell us who the murderer is!
The messenger of the haunted masks,
the criminal who has murdered Mrs. Beniko Suo...
...is you!
The messenger of the haunted masks...
...is you!
Mr. Toya Aigawa!
No...
It can't be.
But what's wrong, Mr. Mouri?
I was in the east wing, it's impossible for me to have gone to her room.
Indeed, you couldn't have gone to Mrs. Suo's bedroom,
and to prove it, you went to the trouble of calling us on the internal line
immediately before committing the crime.
But if you could not go to the bedroom, it was impossible for you to kill her.
From the moment I discovered the corpse, I became suspicious.
Despite the fact that the murderer has gone to so much trouble to leave the camera locked,

He did not bother to show that it was a suicide!
And she couldn't have done it.
So the Aigawa killed her without entering the bedroom!
How... how do you say?
Without entering the bedroom?
This is impossible, man.
It's possible, if he had the power of the cursed masks!
It's... it's impossible!
Don't tell me you believe in curses!
(Kogoro voice) I didn't mean this.
The masks of Jofre are the key
that makes possible this crime in the locked room.
We will now reproduce this method.
Detective Takagi!
Yes!
We have taken a knife similar to the murder weapon.
Through the hole in the handle, we pass a rubber band.
Next, the masks.
A rubber band is passed through the eyes to hold them together.
And then, the rubber band is passed through the mouth of the masks.
Mr. Aigawa, when we were sleeping,
he took the key, entered the Mask Room.
He took them together with the dagger and took them out.
He closed the door, returned the key and took it all here.
With the rubber, he dropped it through the gap.
The space between the grids is 5 centimeters,
and the masks pass through easily.
Are you sure you can figure out the riddle with this?
Well, look there carefully.
This is the last one!
When all the masks have been put into the room,
the rubber band is tightened.
The width of a mask is 15 millimeters,
so if we join all 200 of them together, we will reach 3 meters.
And between the interstice and the place where the victim was lying there are 3.5 meters.
And what do we get from this?
A... that's...
Oooooooooh!
From the knife to the victim's throat there are 20 centimeters.
Then, by pressing the masks with some object...
That's how Mr. Aigawa killed Mrs. Suo
without entering the bedroom!
He used the room,
knowing that only people from the east wing could come.
A mask has been so splashed because it was to the extreme!
There were masks smeared in the mouth
because of the force with which the blood came out.
As a last maneuver, we cut the rubber band that went through the handle.
Look at this!
And thus, the murder of the closed room is consummated.
Don't talk nonsense!
Do you have proof that it was me?!
Mr. Aigawa, don't you give up?
Haven't you noticed that you yourself have declared that you were the murderer?
What do you mean?!
W-What do you mean?!
When we checked the alibis, he said the following looking at the Ran:
"When those have gone to wake up the Honami, I have realized."
Yes, because it was in my room, on the second floor!
He was talking about the Ran and who else? Of that little boy called Conan!
Gee, that's strange.
I didn't say anything about all this.
How do you know I was with her?
Well... in fact... Ah, yes!
I opened the door and looked outside.
That's how I know she was with you!
You do? Yes.
Really.
Then it's even stranger.
Because at that time I wasn't going with Ran.
Like ?!
I was checking if the doors were locked!
No... it can't be...
Is this true? Yes.
Until I got to the Honami's room, I was going alone.
(Kogoro voice) At that moment I told Ran and Conan
to tell Miss Minaho.
And you, who felt it from the third floor being,
mistakenly believed that you went together!
Just... just because of this nonsense?
Mrs. Suo gave you everything!
So you repay her?!
I didn't owe her anything!
She's going to pin on my mother the crime that she herself provoked!
She murdered her by pretending it was a suicide!
-Is that true?! - Yes, it's true!
I found out a couple of months ago.
When I was sorting out the things left behind by the mother,
there was a letter in the newspaper explaining it.
That's bullshit!
You're just talking nonsense!
It's not a lie!
The mother had an alibi!
The accident occurred on the night of October 31.
-On October 31... -Yes, your birthday.
That night, the mother was with me all the time!
The person who ran over my wife and ran away was the Suo?
She didn't even realize that you were the victim's husband.
That's why, upon hearing Mr. Katagiri's comment, he asked me to look into it,
he asked me to look into it.

She was an extraordinary woman!
She has been doing charity work for 15 years!
Don't make me laugh!
She appropriated the benefits of charity events!
She was not like that!
And you, too, slipped money from those benefits!
Don't talk as if you don't know anything!
You wanted to prevent Mr. Katagiri from participating
in a corrupt charity event like that.
Beniko Suo was a demon wearing the mask of altruism!
When I think that I had considered him as my benefactor, I... I...
(Title: "Secret of my heart")
Donna kotoba ni kaete kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou...
Alekara ikutsumo no kisetsu ga.

Toorisugita keredo itsumo soba de waratteru,
watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada Hitotsu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai él.
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake... I'm waiting for a chance...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Maybe she has also been possessed by the curse of the masks...
Curses are just superstitions!
Ah!
Ay!
Ouch!
Ah!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
A curse!
It's a curse!
It's not a curse, you just happen to be jinxed, man.
(Gunshots)
(Gunshot)
It has felt a shot!
(Think) What is this?
In the next chapter...
The famous detective killed, part one
The next Conan's next clue is... A sudden rain!
The next one will be aired before you don't believe it.
And next week... "The magician of the end of the century"

