The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Cases admit all kinds of deductions.
Television, cinema and the literary world is full of detectives!
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child,
but he has the brain of an adult and he is... Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
Oh, I've bitten my tongue! (Shock)
(Call)
Watch.
Father!
He came as a hostel hidden in a corner far from civilization!
By force it had to be like that!
(laughs)
Oh... that's another thing.
Hey, Father, this road is paved.
Shouldn't we have come this way from the beginning?
Look, there's an archery range!
He's acting crazy...
I knew it.
Oooooh!
Watch out! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Sorry, sorry!
I've been misdirected!
Someone of you has taken wrong?
Hey, you!
Blow!
It's you!
You're that famous detective, the great Kogoro Mouri!
I... well... I see you've already met me.
(laughs)
You will also be in this inn?
Coi!
You're staying here too?
Yes... (laughs)
Two famous detectives will meet face to face.
Eeeeeeh?
Mmm? Mmm?
The famous murdered detective, (part one)
(Tinkerbell: nobody-nobody)
What's the matter?
Is there no one? Excuse me, excuse me!
(Gunshots)
Gee, what is it, this noise? (Man) It's from a hunting rifle.
The woods next to the inn have been turned into hunting grounds.
You must be Mr. Mouri and his companions.
Sorry for the wait.
It's just that I'm alone today.
Oh, my goodness!
We have entered the forest, it was lucky that nothing happened to us.
It's reckless!
The hunting ground is perfectly marked with signs.
Sometimes a bullet goes astray...
As far as we are concerned, we have already received our baptism of fire.
We have been baptized by a deflected arrow.
(Door: bell)
Welcome, sir.
Here, the key.
How unpleasant.
Dinner can be taken on the terrace hanging.
We are very proud.
-The hanging terrace?
-Yes, look for yourselves. -Yes, look for yourselves.
Oh, it's beautiful!
It's beautiful!
Oysters!
Ran, it's amazing!
Down there is a mountain stream!
Watch out, Conan!
It's dangerous!
Yes.
What's that?
Now it's raining?
Ouch!
It's started to rain.
Now we won't be able to enjoy the terrace hanging!
Oh! (ominous laughter)
(sinister laughter)
Vo... you are...!
Yes, I'm Jack the Fifth Ripper!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Who's there?!
You... you are...!
Yes.
In Nai Sabaoka, the Urban Hunter, here he is!
You see this crap again?
What's wrong with you?
Now the most interesting thing happened!
Change, that one, a famous detective ?!
To begin with, week in and week out, everything goes smoothly for him.
So anyone can solve a case!
Well, I'm sorry that everything... comes out too smoothly.
Eh?
Eh? Mm?
In Nai Sabaoka, the Urban Hunter is here!
Oh!
The real one!
(Think) "Wow..."
Nai Sabaoka, played by actor Kasuyoshi Sunaoka.
I am his manager, my name is Tanikawa.
I'm very sorry about the incident earlier.
You must be Mr. Mouri, the royal detective of renowned fame.
It's an honor to meet you.
Don't exaggerate!
I'm actually hiding you well, but I'm also a fan of yours.
Will you sign an autograph for me later?
(Think) "What a face."
(Kogoro) Thank you, thank you, thank you very much!
Here, I'll give you my card too.
Thank you, so I can prove that I've sat next to Detective Mouri!
You too!
It is an honor to meet an actor like you!
Are you shooting the TV series here?
Actually I have come to make a confidential request to you,
to act as your bodyguard.
"Wow..."

We are holding a meeting
to elaborate our program and to meet as good friends!
(Flow) That's why we have come!
Except for us, no one knows that the great star Sunaoka is here.
Caram, your teamwork is also excellent.
Today Sunaoka and I had a lot of fun going hunting.
We had it all under control, but in the end we didn't catch anything....
What men, I don't know how they have the stomach to kill a living thing.
That's why I preferred archery.
A little more and I'd kill a person.
Hell yes, a little more and I become a hunting shot...
I don't understand you.
By the way, what were you doing, Mr. Essential?
It seems that you have not been able to get rid of the stress.
Because I've locked myself in the room
to think about the plot for the next episode.
This guy is scary, isn't he?
(Drunkenly) And how did it go, did you come up with any brilliant ideas, master?
Stop it, Sunaoka!
Lately the viewers solve the riddles before I do.
What a mess!
Writing plots that fit your personality is exhausting,
try to put yourself in my place.
Calm down, we have come together to make the series more entertaining.
Express your opinion in a constructive way, please.
You are like everything else.
You don't think about anything else but money!
I know perfectly well that you pocketed a part of the budget
to produce the series!
But what are you saying?
That was an unfounded rumor!
Come on, don't exalt.
"Look, behind the screen, they get really hot."
Maybe you've had too much to drink.
You'd better go to the room.
No way!
I want to stay with Mr. Mouri for a while longer.
What about you?
You're always so angry!
But this will be the last time you speak to me in that tone.
I have a proposal of a colossal contract from Ote Productions
and a change of manager.
What are you talking about?
We've talked about it a thousand times!
Au, go sleep in your room.
I am your goose that lays the golden eggs,
if I were to leave your office,
you would no longer be able to continue working in this world.
Well, we'll talk about it later, detective.
If you have any complaints, you can leave the job whenever you feel like it.
When in Sunaoka come to reason to get into the matter.
Hey, Tanigawa, we're counting on you.
Wow.
The one on TV and the real one have nothing to do with each other.
You can say it...
We're sorry for what happened.
Although he doesn't look like it, he's a serious man and an enthusiast in Sunaoka.
It so happens that he does not tolerate alcohol very well.
Excuse him, please.
Uh... yes... Good luck with the series.
Thank you very much.
Gee, should we order more booze?
It's empty here.
-I'll go get it. Thank you very much!
Here you go, the key!
Thank you very much.
I overdid it, I'm sorry, girl.
-Good night.
-Hey, Noe!
Thanks for waiting.
-Oh, thank you very much! -L'esperàvem impatiently! -L'esperàvem impatiently!
This is for you.
Ah, thank you.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Au, drink with pleasure, Mr. Mouri!
Thank you.
Now that there's neither Sunaoka nor Tanigawa,
he's in a good mood all of a sudden.
You too, man, have a beer with us.
Yes.
Ah... Wait a second...
What's wrong with you?
I've come up with a very interesting montage!
I'll write it before I forget!
The job of a scriptwriter is also quite hard.
Au, we toast!
-Cheers - Cheers!
Mr. Nagatsuka!
You have a call from Tokyo at reception.
It's 8 o'clock!
Who is it, at this hour?
Excuse me, allow me a moment.
What a joke, I'm going to be alone in the end.
Boys, join me for some refreshments.
Father, the meeting is over. (Mobile)
Yes?
Hello, here at Kogoro Mouri.
(Sunaoka) "Will you come to my room...
"Why don't we have a chat between detectives?"
Ah, Mr. Sunaoka...
"Wait a moment. What is this?"
Uh, I'm sorry, Mr. Sunaoka?
He hung up.
What is it, Father?
Mr. Sunaoka was telling me to go to his room and he hung up.
It's...
(Shot)
A feature?!
Looks like it's coming from the other side of the valley!
At this hour, what the hell should they be aiming at?
It can be dangerous, you guys go inside!
-Ah, listen Tanigawa... -What happened?

Didn't you hear the sound of a gunshot, miss?
Did you?
So it was a gunshot?
Sunaoka will be sleeping now.
What?
Ah!
In the window of Sunaoka's room... there's a hole!
It looks like a bullet!
What's that?
Kogoro, the key! Ah, it's true!
Take the master key
and come to Mr. Sunaoka's room, please!
What's wrong?
Something happened?
Sunaoka!
Wake up!
No answer?
When he's drunk and falls asleep there's no way to wake him up.
Here.
I've brought the key, Mr. Mouri.
(Mr. Sunaoka, obri'm!
(Noe) What the fuck does it mean, this?!
Why did they have to assassinate Sunaoka?!
Mr. Mouri, long time no see!
Hello, Inspector Yokomizo.
Look for yourself.
Listen to me everyone.
Please wait downstairs at the reception desk.
Then we'll ask you to tell us the facts.
In fact, when he drank too much, he talked more than he should have,
but no one detested him to the point of wanting to kill him!
(Cries)
And now what?
I will be held responsible for this disgrace!
Now that it had just been decided to prolong the series?
Come on, gentlemen, I understand how you feel,
but now the identification corps must come in.
(Yokomizo) As far as we can see,
the wounds on the body are limited to the gunshot wound to the forehead.
Yes, this is the mortal wound.
At the edges of the wound,
there are no traces of burns or grease from the bullet,
indicating that he was shot from quite a distance.
This hole is at about the same height...
as the shot Mr. Sunaoka received.
One thing seems clear:
he was probably shot from far away when he was standing right here.
Therefore, the person who fired the firearm...
When there was the detonation,
we heard that it came from the other side of the valley, from the south.
Let's take a look.
(Thinking) "Hey, what is this?"
"Mixed in with the glass shards, there are plant filaments."
(Kogoro: call) Conan!
Conan!
You're running up and down again?!
You'll see!
Every time he runs away faster and faster, the little boy!
(Innkeeper) To go to the other side, we only have this bridge.
Please pass slowly and in 5 at a time, please.
(Kogoro) Caram... It's quite far from the inn, that.
(Innkeeper) Then, walking along the cliff for about 10 minutes,
we're going to stop right in front of the hostel.
(Kogoro) Here we are.
(Kogoro) That's nothing...
(Yokomizo) It's taken us an hour to get there.
But from this point,
the sniper had a hard time getting away.
(Yokomizo) Oh.
Who's there?
For... excuse me, father.
Ran, Ran, Ran!
What were you doing, hiding in here?
Well... Conan ran out of the inn...
I was worried and I followed him...
What's that got to do with it, that you were hiding here?!
It's just that... In Conan... But!
Conan, where are you?
(Kogoro: call) Ayyy!
Conan!
Look!
The rifle, it was here!
Conan!
Pa... father!
Marrec of the devil!
I've had it!
He's got it!
Take it wherever you want and tie it well tied!
Don't be mean, do me a favor.
(Kogoro) I'm sorry.
(Kogoro) We're not wrong, when we say this is the deadly weapon.
(Yokomizo) This means that they aimed it from here at Mr. Sunaoka
when he was in front of that window.
(Yokomizo) Carry out the rifle and the shells to the body of identification!
(Yokomizo) Yes, sir.
Eh?
Under the rifle the ground is not wet!
Take some pictures.
Mr. Mouri, up to what time has it rained today in this area?
Let me think...
When it started to get dark, it stopped.
So, how do you figure there's no dock under the rifle?
One possibility, Inspector Yokomizo,
is that after firing,
the murderer abandoned the rifle and fled this way.
We should hurry and apply the emergency procedure.
Yes, you are right!
Eh?!
That's strange.
Ran, when we were coming this way,
we didn't see any tracks of any kind on the mountain road, did we?
Yes, when it stopped raining everything got soaked.
The mountain road scared me
and I went after Conan following his tracks.

(Yokomizo) Then he must have taken that path.
We haven't found any tracks on this side, Inspector.
As you say?!
How do you digest all this?
Mr. Mouri!
Look at this, please.
There is a rope tied to this tree!
Probably, with this rope, the murderer has fled to the river.
The course of the river is long,
so maybe he came from upstream with a boat.
He has moored the boat to the shore, climbed the rocks up here....
and waited for Mr. Sunaoka to appear at the window.
And then...
he shot him.
Then the killer climbed down the rope...
and fled with the boat downstream... taking advantage of the strong current.
Damn!
Cordon off the lower course of the river and apply emergency measures!
(Thinking) "He's confused!"
"How do you want me to have shot him from a place like this?"
"With no rock to hide behind, he was running the risk....
"That the people who were on the terrace would see him."
"Besides, when the shot was felt, we ran to look where it came from,
"And she couldn't have run away without us seeing her!"
"In this case..."
Conan!
Where are you going?
"I knew it! The rope is wet!"
What are you doing?
(laughs)
Come on, come on!
Will you stand still? Yes...
(Kogoro) We're going back!
If you want to stay here and then get lost, I don't want to know anything!
(Kogoro) Ah!
(Kogoro) Wait!
When you felt the shot, where were you and what were you doing, all of you?
I had received a call from the office.
I was at the reception, talking on the phone, and then I heard that noise.
The interlocutor confirms this statement.
Mm.
So, he states that he was at the reception desk talking on the phone.
Yes, it's a public telephone and it's the one used by the hostel.
It's not cordless.
We can receive calls from outside, with this phone.
My cell phone had run out of battery.
I understand the situation.
And you, Mr. Tahara?
I was on the terrace of the restaurant
outlining some ideas I had gotten from the script.
As I was concentrating,
I didn't react immediately when I heard the shot.
When I looked to where we heard the shot, there was no one there.
Let's see, the time when we heard the shot...
Mr. Nagatsuka was notified of the call at 8 o'clock,
and the events took place shortly thereafter.
When they came to the front desk to pick up the master key,
the conversation was practically over.
If you check the phone records, you will know the exact time.
Gosh, gentlemen, it is clear that mystery is your specialty!
Taking down your statements is a delight!
And you, Miss Tanikawa, where were you?
Well, I... after taking Sunaoka to his room,
I went into my room and took a shower.
When I was getting out of the shower I heard a noise,
but I didn't think it was anything dangerous.
And when I saw that everyone was upset outside, I went out to the balcony... (cries).
(Cries) I couldn't imagine that Sunaoka had been shot!
I'm sorry, Miss.
Mr. Akashi, where were you?
I was in the kitchen, washing vegetables.
I had the fan on.
Since I'm used to hearing gunshots from the hunting reserve,
I practically didn't even notice.
(Thinking) "Yes, it's physically impossible....
"That no one in this inn could have fired from that ridge!"
"No matter how much they said that Mr. Sunaoka came here in secret,
"I'm sure it's not so difficult to find out where he had gone."
"But supposing that an assassin had come from the outside
"And was hiding to shoot Mr. Sunaoka,
"He may have killed him
"By making it appear that the victim had received a stray bullet."
"Then, he would have infinite possibilities...
"And he could make a good escape."
"He didn't need to take the risk
"of shooting him from in front of the restaurant
"And make preparations with the boat and the rope."
"There is no doubt that this is a set-up to mislead."
"There can only be one motive that made him go to so much trouble!
"The murderer wanted to have an alibi."
"In other words,

"This means that the killer is in this mountain inn."
"Yes, one of them 3 must be the killer."
"Every maze has a way out."
"This impossible murder... I will solve it at any cost.
"I will do it out of respect...
"To that famous detective!"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.
DETECTIVE CONAN
I didn't pocket the production money!
Well, if we check, we'll know right away.
You mean one of us is the murderer?
The most suspicious one here is you, Noe Tanigawa!
How do you say ?!
(Thinking) "What has fallen mixed with the glass fragments....
"It must be...
"I knew it, it's just as I thought!"
And the next chapter:
"The famous detective murdered, (part two)".
The clue to the next Conan is:
A bullet!
Next we have a surprising conclusion!
Leave it in the hands of the real detective.
Not in Kogoro.

