The cases admit all kinds of deductions.
A famous actor is the victim.
But the real detective will solve the case.
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "In a mountain inn we met Kazuyoshi Sunaoka,
"an actor who played a famous detective
"in a TV series called "The Urban Hunter."
"and the crew who worked on the series."
"But the relations between those people were very strained...
"And then a detonation was heard."
(Gunshot)
Oh!
Sunaoka's window!
(Off) "An unknown person had murdered Mr. Sunaoka...
"With a shot to the head!"
"After shooting from the other side of the gorge,
"The murderer had climbed down the cliff
"and fled down the river in a boat."
"This is what we thought."
"There was a very good time, to get to the other side of the gorge,
"So no one from the inn could have committed the murder."
"But the murderer... was one of the three."
"It had to be one of them!"
THE FAMOUS DETECTIVE MURDER, (PART 2)
(Yokomizo) We believe... that the murderer has gone down to the river
and fled with a boat.
We have set off all the alarms to locate the killer.
In fact... it won't be long before we arrest him,
but we need more details of what happened.
This morning, I was in Mr. Tahara's room talking about the script.
In the afternoon, I went hunting in the forest with Mr. Sunaoka.
We came back at 2/4 of 7, and we all met for dinner.
After talking with Mr. Nagatsuka-san,
I stayed in my room writing until the afternoon.
This morning, Mr. Sunaoka told me to go to his room.
He told me he wanted to change agencies.
Then we had a discussion.
I beg your pardon?
You had an argument?
Ah... Yes.
In the afternoon I was at the archery range.
There I met with Mr. Mouri and his family,
I came back at 6 o'clock and joined the others.
Do you want me to explain it to you too?
I was busy, as usual.
I am alone today and I had a lot of things to do,
I don't remember all the details...
Come on, let's go.
It's time to go to sleep, Conan.
Ah, not yet!
I want to feel what they say for a while longer...
No!
Count that the father will scold you again.
It's still early to go to sleep!
Father will have all night.
You'd better not bother him and go to sleep.
I'll be a good boy and go to sleep.
You can go now.
No, no way, I'll stay with you until you're asleep.
(Kogoro) Now we'll talk about after dinner.
When Mr. Sunaoka has left the restaurant
with Miss Tanigawa..., it was about 7:50.
"A moment later,
"Mr. Tahara went to the kitchen to get more drinks."
"Around 8 o'clock, Mr. Nagatsuka received a phone call...
"And went to the reception desk."
"Next, I received an I: from Mr. Sunaoka."
"He hung up the phone suddenly, and then we heard the gunshot."
"Miss Tanigawa, who had taken a shower, came out onto the balcony...
"And discovered the bullet hole in Sunaoka's window glass."
"To reception I took the master key to open the room."
"At five past eight we discovered the body."
This means that she was murdered between 8:00 and 8:05 pm.
Conan, are you sleeping?
(Deep breaths)
That's strange, today she fell asleep earlier than usual.
(Flow) Good night...
(Voice: Shinichi) Wow.
He's finally gone.
I would like you to give me more details
what you have done before and after the murder.
Didn't you tell us it was someone from outside?

Yes, but we still need to clarify what the victim was doing at the time.
Mr. Sunaoka had the door locked from the inside.
How do you want us to know what he was doing?
Yes, in fact he's right.
We haven't even had time to mourn his death!
Forgive me for interrupting,
but it seems you two had a pretty bad relationship with the deceased.
What do you mean by that?
You're not implying that one of us is a murderer, are you?
Not really, but this is part of the investigation.
Mr. Sunaoka was getting pretty heavy-handed with his scripts,
didn't he, Mr. Tahara?
Lately the viewers solve the riddles before I do.
What a mess!
Writing plots that fit your personality is exhausting.
That's all I said.
And you, Mr. Nagatsuka-san, producer of the series...
I know everything!
I know you're going to pocket a part of the budget to produce the series!
But what are you saying?
That was an unfounded rumor!
T-That was a lie, believe me!
This will be seen in the investigation.
Yes, of course it will!
Investigate whatever you want.
And now, Miss Tanigawa.
Mr. Sunaoka told you about changing managers, didn't he?
I'm your goose that lays the golden egg,
if I were to leave your office,
you wouldn't be able to continue working in this world.
Well, we'll talk about it.
And on top of that, you're the only one who has no one to confirm your alibi.
What do you say about this?
What are you implying?!
You all saw me from the restaurant in the garden, don't you remember?
Yes, but this was just after the shooting...
And another thing:
the others have also had the opportunity
to get in touch with the murderer.
This is crazy!
But of course, with Miss Tanigawa, you never know!
What do you mean by that?!
That your Romeo had left you.
Nagatsuka, don't talk nonsense!
Let's see, let's see if they calm down...
Inspector Yokomizo!
We already have the report on the rifle you found.
Good.
The rifle is one of the ones they had...
in the room where they keep the guns for hunting.
The marks of the bullet that was extracted from the corpse...
match those on the rifle!
Huh?
Wow!
What's this?
They've drilled a hole in the base of the bullet and sharpened the tip!
-Why would they have done that? -I don't think it makes much sense.
You can see a spiral engraving perfectly.
It's like a screw.
Co-Conan! He-he-he-he...
(Calling) Hey!
Hadn't you gone to sleep?!
Don't be alarmed.
I only got up because I was a little seven...
All right, go get some water and go back to bed!
Okay, okay... Oh, I forgot.
(Hey, Kogoro.
What's the matter?
What do you want now, kiddo?
What did Mr. Sunaoka tell you when you called him?
Why do you ask?
You don't have to do anything!
It's just that they were the last words of a big star.
Gee, you're one of those morbid fans, too.
He asked me to come to his room
to do some... detective... detective talk!
But all of a sudden he said "Hey, what's this".
And he hung up.
(Thinks) "I knew it!"
"Now that we know that the bullet marks match,
"There's no doubt that what I found mixed in with the crystals..."
"Where could it be?"
"Oh, it's heavy..."
"Exactly, that's it!"
"I thought so."
"Yes! Now I know how the assembly went! Eh?"
"What is it, this land mark?"
"I was so intent on the crystals that I didn't realize it was here."
"Ah! It could be..."
"I knew it!"
"Here's another one!"
"So, the real murder weapon should be behind the door."
"And the person staying in this room is the killer!"
The bullet marks match, so you don't need us anymore, do you?
(Yokomizo) Well... Mr. Policeman.
(Yokomizo) Listen.
What do you want, boy? I have to tell you something.
(Look, I just want you to...
What's that?
Room 304?
XXT.
Inspector Yokomizo said to look for it discreetly.
Here's the master key.
Eagerness, okay?
Yes, of course.

Then we'll go back to our rooms right now.
(Yokomizo) Yes.
We will continue the investigation tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock.
(Nagatsuka) I can't wait to get up early!
But I guess it's no problem.
Thank you for your help.
Mr. Mouri, go get some rest.
We'll go with the river investigation team.
Excuse me.
Good luck...
Oops!
Well... here we go again... Oops...
(Kogoro voice) Wait a minute!
Eh? (Kogoro voice) Yes, you 3 are leaving.
And you too, Inspector Yokomizo.
Listen to me first.
Look at him!
Look at his posture!
Inspiration has come to you!
Yes, I finally got the inspiration.
All right, but this is not the kind of case that the Sleeping Kogoro solves.
(Kogoro voice) That's where he's wrong.
At last and at last the murderer...
is one of the 3 of them!
What?!
What?
What did you say?
I understand, Mr. Mouri.
All right, gentlemen, can you go back to sit on the couch for a moment, please?
(Kogoro voice) The case seemed very clear:
the murderer was a person who had come from outside.
But why had he left the rifle behind?
The murderer could have thrown it into the river
or he could have hidden it in the forest.
And there was another thing:
the rifle and the rope he had used to go down to the river?
why were they wet from the rain?
Yes.
It's true, it rained in the afternoon!
But the rifle was left there at 8 o'clock,
and it shouldn't have gotten wet.
The reason... is that both the rifle and the rope were left there...
before the rain.
In fact....,
"In the area under the rifle, the ground was dry."
This shows that the rifle was left there
before it started raining.
And therefore, it is impossible...
that this weapon is the one that caused his death.
But the bullet marks match, don't they?
Before I explain this...
Why do you suppose the killer went to so much trouble...
to set it up...
by making it look like they fired from the other side of the gorge?
If the assassin had been an outsider,
he would only have had to prove that he had not approached the inn.
And in this case there was no need to leave false evidence.
The murderer is a person who needed an alibi,
so he had to place the scene of the crime
on the other side of the gorge.
Yes.
That's right.
The murderer is one of you 3!
No, wait a second!
We are not magicians.
How could we kill him without using the rifle?!
That's right!
You're talking nonsense!
You're not making any sense!
And now I will tell you in detail
how Mr. Sunaoka was actually killed.
-That's ridiculous. -Oh...
First, the murderer took the master key from the front desk...
when there was no one around
and sneaked into Mr. Sunaoka's room.
Then he leaned a mattress against the window.
-A mattress? -What's that got to do with it, the mattress!
Then, he went to the room where they keep the hunting equipment...
and stole the rifle and the rope.
"He went to the rocky area on the other side of the gorge,
"and fired at the window of Mr. Sunaoka's room."
"He only had to leave the rifle there
"and tie the rope to the tree to make it look as if he had fled across the river."
"Next, he sneaked into Mr. Sunaoka's room...
"And extracted the bullet from the mattress he had leaned against the window."
"After putting the mattress back in its place,
"he harvested the shards of glass from the window...
"and pulled back the curtains so that the hole could not be seen."
Inspector, the bullet that was removed from the corpse..,
had modifications made to it, right?
Yes!
The murderer went back to his room
and made a hole in the base of the bullet that he took out of the mattress.
"Thanks to special tools,
"He drilled the hole in the base and sharpened the tip."
Then, it was only necessary for him to put something....
(Kogoro voice) Something that he had prepared in the bullet
and then it would have the same markings as the rifle.
After making all the preparations,
"The killer has gone to the garden restaurant for dinner."

"When Mr. Sunaoka has returned to his room,
"The assassin made up an excuse and came in...
"And killed Mr. Sunaoka..."
by making a deep incision in his forehead.
An incision!?
You mean the weapon was a knife or an arrow?
An arrow?!
After killing Mr. Sunaoka,
"The murderer has moved the body...
"because it looked like the shot had come from the window...
"and opened the curtains."
"He scattered the glass on the floor,
"And unscrewed the arrow from the bullet embedded in the forehead."
And fled quickly.
Impressive, Mr. Mouri!
Why don't you stick to writing mystery scripts?
That was a brilliant story.
No, I'm not talented enough to be a writer.
All the evidence that the killer has left behind him
has helped me see what the truth is.
I'm just a messenger.
For example, along with the shards of glass...
I found some strands of fibrous material.
They came from the mattress.
They probably fell when he pulled out the bullet.
The murderer didn't notice them
and harvested them along with the pieces of glass.
I get it!
After doing all this,
the murderer has hidden the real murder weapon,
went somewhere else so as not to arouse suspicion and called me.
He probably saw the number on my business card.
But Mr. Mouri, you said that Mr. Sunaoka called you?
On the phone, Mr. Sunaoka said to me:
"Will you come to my room so we can have a detective talk?"
And then he said, "Hey, wait a minute, what is this?"
Let's see, gentlemen, don't these words sound familiar?
Yes, they do.
It's a snippet of dialogue from yesterday's episode!
-Are you serious?
-Yes, I'm sure.
I recorded it on video.
Would you like to see it?
Yes, please.
This is the mask from the beginning,
isplau, pull the tape a little forward.
Stop it!
This is it!
Will you come in my room so we can have a chat between detectives?
Hey, hey, hey!
Wait a minute, what's this?
Ah, gee.
I get it.
The murderer has previously recorded this sentence,
and made Mr. Mouri feel it over the phone!
Mr. Sunaoka was already dead when the call was made?
Yes..., he was already dead at that time.
The only person who doesn't have an alibi is....
Inspector Yokomizo!
I searched room 304 as you ordered me to do
and look what I found!
-That's a crossbow! And a blood-stained arrow.
So... this is the murder weapon?!
The tip of the arrow is turned like a screw!
Mr. Mouri!
What you were saying is true!
I'm sure the murderer wanted to take it to get rid of them.
I-and-inspector, did you-you-said you were in room 304?
That means...
That means...
The murderer is staying in room 304.
Toshiaki Tahara, it's you!
What do you mean?
It can't be!
Mr. Tahara, shortly after 7:50, you left the restaurant...
saying you were going to get a drink,
but you went to Mr. Sunaoka's room and murdered her.
"And around 8 o'clock, he came back as if nothing had happened."
"He sat far away expressly
"So that he could call me without me seeing him,
"And then he threw something over the cliff,
"probably a firecracker, to make us believe that he had shot someone."
(Detonation)
Hm.
He's a sleazy detective!
Just because the crossbow was in my room doesn't mean that it's my
nor that I am the murderer.
The real killer has set me up!
Unfortunately for you, I have more evidence.
What's that?
I beg your pardon?
The shoes you're wearing.
There are marks on the floor at the scene of the crime.
You made them with your sneakers!
Excuse me, would you mind taking off your shoes for a moment?
You have a piece of glass stuck in your heel!
This is one of the pieces of glass
that was scattered around the body?
Exactly, Inspector Yokomizo.
And now the question is:
How did one of those pieces of glass end up in the heel of your shoe?
You were so busy with what you had to do
that he didn't realize he stepped on them.
He was too preoccupied!
He won.
My God, Tahara!
Why did you do something like that?

He was always putting down my scripts and making fun of me,
and if the ratings went down, he always gave me all the blame.
I wanted to show everybody
-- the producer, the actors and the police...
and, yes, also to the most famous detective...
that I am capable of committing the most perfect crime of all.
And the only victim had to be Nai Sabaoka.
The character I played in Kazuyoshi Sunaoka.
Please star in our next series!
The title will be: "Kogoro, the famous detective".
The ratings will be sky high,
you'll be a star in no time!
Wow, what a great proposal!
(Horn: booger-booger)
Come on, let's go!
What?
What the...?
Mr. Mouriiiiiii!
Ran, you too you voleeeem!
Mr. Mouri!
I want to be a star!

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

