The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
The cases admit all kinds of deductions.
Today, we will all have to change our way of thinking.
What should be there is not there.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

ECHOES OF A MYSTERIOUS SHOT IN THE DARK
In these Monday mystery series
a lot of famous actors appear.
I wonder what the story we'll see today will be like.
What the heck, I don't know why you guys had to come here to gossip,
just because the client runs a television production company.
As I've told you before,
my only job is to protect her mother's integrity.
I know that, Father.
But she was attacked three days ago and was wronged, wasn't she?
Being president of a financial company is a dangerous job?
Evil tongues say that she can become very malicious.
That means she must have enemy forces, right?
I guess you can put it that way.
(Ding-dong)
(Woman) "Who's there?"
Good afternoon.
My name is Kogoro Mouri, I'm a private detective.
I've arranged a meeting with Mrs. Etsuko Furukawa at 7 o'clock.
"Yes, you were expected. I will open the door now. Please come in."
- (door, open) - "Come in."
Mm?
Conan, come in.
Yes, I'm coming!
Please, have a cup of coffee.
I'm sorry you have to wait.
Mrs. Etsuko is usually very strict about punctuality.
No need to worry, Miss.
Excuse me... Yes?
Do you mind if we watch a little TV while we wait for the lady?
I'm very sorry.
Since this morning the TV doesn't work.
When you turn it on, you can't see anything.
Ah... wow.
Cheeky!
What a nerve you have, to ask these things.
But, father... Oh...
Miss, I've seen...
that the window of the corner room on the second floor is open.
It's the room of the owner of this place, Katsue Furukawa,
president of Furukawa Finance.
Excuse me for asking, who are you?
My name is Kohji Furukawa.
I am the owner's son,
and the window is always open just at that time...
to ventilate the room.
Isn't that right, Azusa?
Uh... Yes.
But it doesn't matter.
You're the detective my sister hired, aren't you?
I pity you, she'll only use you...
Use me?
What do you mean, use me?
(Ring: ding-dong)
Ah... It'll probably be Mrs. Etsuko.
"Who's there?"
It's me, the Etsuko.
I'm late, hurry up.
"Yes, right away."
Mr. Mouri, I'm very sorry.
I had some last minute business to take care of... Kohji!
Long time no see, sis...
What the fuck are you doing here?
Don't you remember that your mother forbade you to set foot here?
Aw, shut up.
This is my house too.
By the way, why are you wearing this watch?
You've always said that digital watches are cheap.
Wow, I get it!
You had to pawn that expensive Swiss watch to pay off debts.
You don't have to do anything!
And something, Kohji,
you sure you're here because the mother pays your debts, right?
Shut up!?
What about you?
Hire a private detective to soap the mother?
You've got some nerve, pretty girl.
-Caramba. -It looks like there's bad maror.
It looks like there's bad maror. -Yes...
(Azusa) Etsuko's company is about to go overboard.
And it seems that Mr. Kohji has a lot of gambling debts.
and there are violent gang creditors after him.
But his mother has a lot of money.
Isn't she?
Unfortunately, Mrs. Furukawa never leaves money...
to people she sees she won't pay back, or to her children.
I think she left a pile of money at Kohji's some time ago,

but his behavior was so intolerable
that he forbade her to come to this house.
-Azusa, what are you doing? -Ah... What do you want?
May I know what you were telling them?
I'm going to look for the mother.
She's sleeping in her room now, isn't she?
-Yes, it's there... - Azusa, beautiful!
Instead of doing what my sister tells you,
you should go out with me sometime.
If I ask her to,
I'll get the mother to forget about the money you owe her!
Kohji!
Since you have nothing to do, why don't you buy a gift for the mother?
-Come on, come on, Azusa. -Yes.
Shit!
Hey, can you tell me what money you were talking about?
Ah... I understand...
that this morning you stained the Persian carpet in the mother's room.
And you've run out of extra pay for the whole year.
And since he hasn't had enough,
the mother made him sign a promissory note for the rest of the money.
And this has happened other times.
I'm sure one of these days he'll lose his temper.
Well, I guess I'll just have to go buy some nonsense for the mother.
I hate to heed my sister's advice.
"What kind of family is it, this one?"
Mother.
Mother, get up, come on.
It's weird, that.
It usually comes right off.
She's closed up inside.
I guess she took some of your sleeping pills and fell asleep...
But it's still too early...
-Phew!
It's so hot... - You mean, madam?
I'm sweating.
I'm a mess.
(Shot)
Oysters..., what was that, this noise?
Mother!
Mother, open the door!
Mother, open the door!
(Kogoro) What's wrong, ma'am?
Mr. Mouri, something's wrong here.
-Oh... I heard a gunshot! - (Kohji) Sister.
Did you hear that coming from mother's room?
Of course I heard it.
I heard a gunshot in her room!
The door is locked.
Do you have another key?
No, I don't.
The key is of a special type,
and the only copy that exists is in the mother's possession.
We have no choice.
We'll have to break the door down.
(At the same time) One, two!
One two!
One, two!
One two!
It's all dark.
I can't see anything.
-Where is it, the light switch? -On the wall, to your left. -On the wall, to your left.
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Oh!
Mother!
Mother!
-You can't go in the room! -But...!
This is murder!
We must preserve the crime scene intact.
We have to preserve the crime scene intact.
Mother...
Ran, call the police.
Yes.
(Think) "He was shot in the forehead!"
"He's dead instantly."
"No sign of a struggle."
"The footprints lead to the window..."
"So they used the stepladder?"
"But then, the position of the body..."
Get out of here!
Get out of here!
It's always the same with you!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Get out!
Get out of here right now!
Aiiiiiiii!
(Takagi) The victim's name is Katsue Furukawa, age 64.
President of a financial company.
We've discovered that the prints around the body
match the ones we found on the ladder outside, Inspector.
3 days ago, the victim was attacked, but nothing was taken.
This was the same assailant.
Mr. Inspector!
If a stranger came through the window,
wouldn't the victim run for the door?
Stop it, you brat!
Do not say anything!
Wait a minute, Conan is right.
Since the body was near the window,
we can assume that the victim became aware of the intruder's presence
and approached the window.
This makes us assume that it is likely
that the killer was someone the victim knew!
Let's interrogate everyone to find out who was in the house.
(Takagi) Yes, sir.
(Takagi) Let's talk about when the body was found.
Mrs. Etsuko Furukawa and Miss Azusa Machida
went together to the victim's room to wake her up...
and heard the gunshot...
Then Mr. Mouri and Mr. Kohji Furukawa...
broke down the door and discovered the body.
So far so good, gentlemen?
Yes.
When you heard the shot, did you see anything out of the ordinary?
I'm sure we heard the shot
when Mrs. Etsuko bent down to pick up the handkerchief.
And after the shot?
-Well, nothing... -Wait a minute!
How long are you going to keep us here?
That's right!

It is evident that she has been murdered by the same person
who attacked her 3 days ago!
Look for that criminal!
Don't worry, someone will take care of it.
In any case, if we go by the position of the body,
it is very possible that she knew her killer!
That she knew the murderer?
You mean we are suspects?
I went out this morning and didn't get back until this afternoon.
Inspector Megre...
Hm.
Good.
Thank you.
Azusa Machida... Ah... Yes...
Miss, from what I'm told,
the victim treated her with very little regard.
According to her neighbor's testimony,
this morning she was complaining about the same thing
and said... that this time she would make him pay dearly for it.
Azusa, it can't be, not you....
Look, you've finally lost your temper...
No, that's not true.
I didn't do it!
I didn't!
I told you that, but let me explain...
"This morning I spilled some tea in the lady's room,
"I wiped up everything that got wet:
"The clock, the TV remote control,
"Even the carpet!"
"But she still insisted that I had stained the carpet.
"And she told me she wouldn't give me extra pay this year."
"And on top of that she made me sign an IOU."
That's why I said what I said without thinking...
But, Mr. inspector,
I've already explained that when the shot was heard, I was outside..,
at the door of the room, with Mrs. Etsuko!
Is this true, Mrs. Etsuko? Yes.
Yes, it is.
This means that you two have an alibi.
All right, Mr. Furukawa: where were you, at that time?
-What? -Very good question.
Kohji, so your sister and Azusa have gone upstairs,
you came out of the dining room,
and after the shot you took a while to join us.
Hey, wait a minute.
Don't run so fast.
I didn't kill him.
Then where were you?
Oh... Well, I had gone to buy a present for the mother...
and just as I was leaving I heard a strange noise..,
and that's why I came right back.
This means you have no alibi.
But, detective...
Why don't we talk about all this for a little while longer?
"The way things are going, at Kohji seems the most suspicious of all,
"But something doesn't add up."
All right.
Order customer right now.
Mr. Tome! What's up?
Gee, you're here, boy!
Have you come to help that famous detective?
Yes, he asked me to ask if in the room...
there's a boom box or something with a timer.
Ha-ha-ha!
Of course there is.
I see what you mean.
If you set the timer, you can set the trigger, right?
Unfortunately, we haven't found anything that looks like it.
The TV was an older model and didn't have any timer either.
"I was wrong..."
Thank you very much, Mr. Tome!
You're welcome!
Good hunting, little detective!
"I was so sure there was a set-up, behind this feature!"
A blue and whitish light?
But where the fuck does he get it from, this nonsense?
It's true!
I looked into the mother's room just before the shot,
and I saw a whitish blue light.
But then it went out again.
Please believe me.
"A whitish blue light,
"But Mr. Tome told me that..."
"Can you tell me what's wrong?"
"I've got it! He did it this way!"
"That's why there was that object there!"
(Kogoro voice) Hello.
Yes, really?
Very good.
Thank you very much.
(Thinks) "Sure. I thought so."
The truth is that you are very smart, it was strange to me too.
"Now I have all the evidence. The murderer is that person!"
Hey, Conan!
Damn it!
Where's that, that big proof you were telling me about?
Uh!
Here we go again... Here we go again...
"I'm counting on you, my good man."
Hey, Mouri, is it true?
You know who the killer is?
Hey, Mouri... Wow!
I know this position!
(Kogoro voice) Yes, Inspector Megre, I've figured it all out.
Please have everyone gather in this room.
You can count!
Well then, we've already got everyone here?
Inspector Megre, first of all, looking at the position the body was in,

you have deduced that the victim knew the killer, right?
That's right.
But when we broke down the door and opened the room,
the light was off!
What do you mean?
So, how could it be that the victim recognized the killer's face?
Wait... you don't mean...
That's right.
Mrs. Furukawa had been murdered a few hours earlier,
when it was still daylight!
That can't be right!
But... but then how come we all heard a gunshot?
This feature was staged by the killer
to use it as an alibi.
The murderer took the remote control of the TV set
and activated it hours later to reproduce the shot.
Wait a minute, Mouri, this is very strange,
because it means that the murderer had to know the exact time
when this shot would be felt by the television, right?
How the hell would he know when... Oh!
Ger... Sis...
Yes, there's only one person who could know the exact moment...
when the sound of the gunshot would come on the television.
The feature was felt between 07:29 and 52 seconds past 7:30..,
to be exact.
It is the exact moment when a shot is felt on the series
produced by Mrs. Furukawa's company.
This means that Mrs. Etsuko Furukawa is the murderer!
Probably, the crime has taken place this morning.
"Mrs. Furukawa has gone upstairs to enter through the window,
"Her mother saw it, went to the window,
"and she shot him with a pistol with a silencer."
Then Mrs. Furukawa changed her clothes...
and rejoined us as if nothing at all had happened.
Calculating the time, she took the Azusa with her,
so that she could serve as a witness.
"She has gone upstairs and dropped the handkerchief expressly."
"When she made it appear that he was harvesting, she activated the control."
Have I made any mistakes, so far?
I understand.
So, the blue and whitish light that I was talking about in Kohji...
was coming from the television.
Just a few seconds wrong,
you would have felt other noises when you operated the remote control
and he would have discovered the set-up.
That's why today he wore a digital watch.
Am I wrong?
And for this same reason you have ruined the TV in the living room, right?
in the living room, right?
When the gunshot was felt upstairs, it would have been very suspicious...
to feel a noise identical to the TV downstairs, wouldn't it?
Can you prove anything you say ?
Do you have any proof that I did it?!
Of course you do.
"When we found the body,
"she pretended to cry and to fall to her knees on the floor,
"and when no one was looking, she took off the remote control...
"And slid her across the carpet
"So that it would be back by the table, right?"
"But he pushed it so hard
"That it didn't fall off the table as if it had fallen off the table,
"but between the legs of the table itself."
Your fingerprints are on this remote control!
Of course they are!
I practically walk in and out of this room every day!
But earlier you said you left the room in the early hours of the morning
and that you didn't come back until the afternoon...
I was talking to them about what I did today.
But I was here just yesterday and the day before yesterday and the other one!
Oh, really?
By the way, Miss Azusa.
Yes ?!
Can you tell me what you have done, with the remote control,
when you spilled the tea?
I've told you before, Inspector.
It spilled on him, so I cleaned it up.
That's not true!
Surely you forgot to clean it up!
I didn't, madam!
I cleaned it until it was as clean as a whistle!
My goodness, my goodness, this way we won't be able to clear up anything at all.
Mr. Tome, explain to everyone, please.
Right away.
May I start?
By yourself, when you're ready.
Ehem, ahem...
We found the fingerprints of two different people
the remote control at the crime scene!
The first ones match Mrs. Furukawa's fingerprints,
the 5 fingers of the right hand.
The second matched the fingerprints of Azusa Machida,
the 5 fingers of the left hand.
See what I was saying?
Your fingerprints are there too!
But I... just...
Is that all, Mr. Tome?
Yes, that's all.
So, everything is solved.

What-what do you mean by this?
The Azusa has not forgotten to clean the remote control.
-But now... (Takagi) One detail is missing!
If he had forgotten to clean the remote control,
they would have found something that should be...
Mrs. Katsue Furukawa's fingerprints.
Seeing as she always kept the remote control handy,
her fingerprints should be there.
It's all because of that woman.
She knew I had serious financial problems,
but she still didn't want to leave me a penny.
But she... paid all the gambling debts of Kohji.
It was always the same!
It was always that if in Kohji lien, that if in Kohji it....
She indulged him, just because he had when he was older.
-Always in Kohji. -Sister...
Mrs. Furukawa...
I'm not saying that I don't understand how you feel,
but I want you to reflect.
You have committed... a terrible murder!
Your mother is dead!
I want you to realize what it means that you have done!
There, now it should work!
(All) Yes, it works!
Thank you very much for everything!
(All) You're welcome.
It was very easy.
Although it may not look like it, Takagi is a video freak!
Every night he goes to rent a green tape.
He is a maniac.
Features ?!
Co-careful!
Aaaaah!
- (Kogoro) I have a case to solve! - (rumbling)
"Please, someone tell him it's already solved!"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.
DETECTIVE CONAN

