The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Cases admit all kinds of deductions.
Today we have the League of Detectives trapped in a cave
and the mystery of Conan's blood type.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "During a camping trip with Dr. Agasa,
"the Junior Detective League discovered the entrance to a cave."
"We didn't have time to go in,
"And then we discovered some men carrying a corpse...
"To top it all off."
What the hell... On the ground!
"One of them pulled out his gun and shot me."
I feel footsteps!
-Oh, no.
It's them, they're coming! - (Ayumi) And now what?!
A DANGEROUS RETURN: THE WOUNDED DETECTIVE
(Sliders)
(Ayumi) Shit!
Which way have they taken?
Easy, easy, there's a wounded one and they can't run much.
You stay here while we go look.
-If you see anything, let us know.
-Very well.
(Footsteps: approaching)
Why did we go through here?
It's dangerous.
What do you want me to tell you?
Did you know that what looked like a road is a dead end?
Don't fight,
if we don't find the dragon's path, we'll get peeled!
-Without Conan we have a hard time.
R-re-really?
And so much...
(Weapon: the charge)
-It's not moving!
It has blocked the passage! -Well, we're doing fine.
I do not know how to get out of here,
if we're not going to change the water to the canary quickly.
We can't wait!
Besides, his friends will be back any minute.
We have to get out of here by all means and take Conan to the hospital.
Yes, you're right... Come on, guys.
We're looking for the dragon's path, which will take us out.
Let's not waste time!
(Mitsuhiko) There are 5 tunnels,
and the watchman is in front of the egg-shaped stone.
We are here.
We know this is a dead end hole;
therefore, we still have 4 possible tunnels left.
The way of the dragon... of the dragon... dragon... dragon...
Wait a minute!
Just a moment!
The word "dragon" begins with "d", right?
The fourth letter of the alphabet!
So the fourth tunnel is that of the dragon?
That's right!
And the fourth one we've entered... is the one we're in now.
(Ayumi) Casum!
Conan has been muttering behind my back the whole time.
I could have sworn he said the keys were... the "tone", the "dragon" and the "egg".
Why didn't you say that before!
Donkey!
Gee, no... They're coming!
Hey, hey!
Didn't I tell you to watch out?
Have you found the guys?
No, the first tunnel was a dead end!
Quiet, guys, don't worry.
There are only 4 more, we'll finish soon!
They might as well turn back, stay on the case!
(Footsteps: move away).
(Steps: move away)
Let's see, the key words are "tone", "dragon" and "egg".
This doesn't make any sense....
-If the dragon were a snake, it would love eggs.
A snake?
Grandma, who lives in the mountains, told me.
-She was born in the year of the snake. -Eh.
The year of the snake?
Yes!
I got it!
Of course I got it!
The "tone", the "dragon" and the "egg" belong to the Chinese horoscope.
The year of the dragon... and the year of the snake, which symbolizes the egg!
And the character "to"?
It must be "tori" or "tora", chicken and tiger in Japanese.
If we put the egg in the snake's square, we have 5 paths and 5 zigzag signs,
we have 5 paths and 5 signs of the zodiac.
The year of the dragon, which would be the path, is next to the egg.
(Genta) That's what they have taken, it says it was a dead end!
On the other hand, I think that the egg is the chicken, rather than the snake....
But, but... Well, then what do we do, of the character "to"?

Wait for it!
What if this character refers to the year of the rabbit?
The kanji for egg and rabbit look very similar!
(Ayumi) But the rabbit doesn't lay eggs....
Maybe it's just that the "tone", "dragon" and "egg"
have no relation to the Chinese zodiac....
Therefore, it only occurs to me that they are part of a single Japanese character.
But this can't be!
"Egg" sun is already two!
Once we went out to eat at the restaurant,
I misread them on the menu and even the mother laughed.
We must take into account that it has more than one possible spelling?
-You see? Hey, wait a minute.
What if... Can you imagine that... that it has to do with Japanese chess?
-Hmm? -Huh?
"To" is the reverse of "pawn" and "dragon", of "rook".
And if we write "egg" as you said in Genta,
we will do it with the character of "king"!
What king?
The chess king, the one of the player with the lowest score!
I mean that, if the egg refers to the king....,
the 5 paths would order by proximity:
we have the "golden general", the "silver general", the "knight", the "knight", the "knight", the "knight", the "knight",
the "knight", the "chariot"...
If the path of the "knight" is equivalent to the tower...
You leave the dragon's path.
Following the established guidelines,
the exit must be the path that crosses diagonally.
And how do we do that?
This guy won't move.
There's no way through.
This is our problem, guys.
The only weapons we have, if you can call them that,
are the flashlights and the transmissors...
Transmitters?
If I'm not mistaken, in Conan...
Listen!
I don't know if it will work, but...
(At the same time) One, two and...
What the fuck?!?
It has!
(Stones: roll)
(River) Low plugs!
Tickle me, you'll tickle me, with these pebbles....
(Bats: screeching and flapping)
Bats!
(Bats: screeching and flapping) Now!
Mail!
-Hey, what's going on? - The kids!
They've gone that way!
Now they'll see!
Don't run away!
-It's the exit!
-Live!
(Shot)
(Genta: call)
Ge... Genta!
I've got you!
You guys!
Don't even think of leaving, come back!
Come on, it's for today!
Or I'll smoke a bullet in your head in front of you!
That's the way I like it, you scoundrel.
(Loud speaker) "We are the police!"
"Dispose of your weapons and come out with your hands up!"
(Loud speaker) "I repeat! You are surrounded by police!"
(Loud speaker) Ah... Shit.
Casum!
You assholes!
Can't you see I've got it?
Let me through if you don't want me to crack his head open!
(Shinichi voice) Asshole you.
What you want to do is so predictable...
What?
It's over... the game.
(Off) "The arrest of the 3 delinquents
"It put an end to the cave adventure."
"It was the Ai and the doctor who alerted the police."
"Assuming we would look to find the exit.
"They asked the people in the vicinity
"And they arrived when we needed them."
"According to this man, the message in the cave has been there for years....
"But no one knows who wrote it."
"While I was listening to the conversation, I started to lose consciousness."
"And I was taken to the Beika General Hospital."
(Kogoro) What!?
Operate on you!?
But it wasn't a scratch at all!?
No..., look, it's... it's... it's-it's that...
(Ouch) He's been shot.
The bullet went through the left side of his abdomen,
he's lost a lot of blood and his liver could be seriously affected.
It's very serious...
Conan!
Conan, hang in there!
You'll get better, you'll see!
Doctor, we're in trouble!
This boy has the same blood group as the last patient...
and we've used up all the blood we had in reserve!
Are you sure?
Even if we order more from the bank, we don't have time!
Listen... If my...
This boy and I have the same blood type!
And how... how do you know?
We should check, first.
We'll do the test right away.
I'll be right back.
(thinks) "Ran..."
"Right..."
"You..."
"You know everything..."
(Thinks) "Shinichi..."
(Thinks) "It seems to me that I'm still alive."
"I'm tough as nails, then..."
"La Ran..."
You owe him your life, man!
(Yawns) He gave 400 cubic centimeters of blood...
and, on top of that, he stayed all night with you, keeping you company.

You were lucky that he had the same blood type as you.
If he had another one, you don't count it.
You should have gone to the other neighborhood!
(Remember) "Listen... If my..."
"We are... we are of the same blood group!"
"It was no coincidence,
"Ran was sure,
"He knew my blood type, because he knows who I am..."
Hey!
With the blood you've got, you can either get better...
or we'll see each other's faces, you and me!
Are you serious?
Of course we will!
No vital organs are affected and the recovery is good.
In 2 or 3 days you will be able to go home.
That's great!
Of course, after the operation, he has lost resistance...
and he has an upper respiratory tract infection...
Upper respiratory tract infection?
It's a cold, woman.
(Coughs)
-What?
Is it a cane or not? Everyone plays, at school!
That's it, that's it!
Now, to the left!
-Stop it.
Game's over, kids! - (children) Oooooh...
The patient goes back to the room!
And you, have you seen what time it is?
On the way home!
Excuse me, kids...
-See you again, Conan! -Bye!
Bye, guys!
See you in class!
You'll be able to go home from here 2 or 3 days,
just for the school party.
That's when we do the play.
And what do you plan to do?
You can't come and get...
No problem, my father will come that day.
Hey, any news from "you-know-who"?
Who is this?
Shinichi, woman!
When he finds out you're playing the main character, he won't have time to come.
He won't come... Besides, in fact, I don't care.
It's enough for me that Conan recovers and comes to see.
You will come, won't you, Conan?
You will come, won't you?
Yes... Yes, I will.
Caram.
What's this?
You two behave like a couple...!
Don't tell me you've traded Shinichi for a little boy like this?
Come on, shut up!
Can you imagine?
Hey, listen... What happened to your wrist, Sonoko?
Does it hurt?
Ah... What's this?
I sprained it in rehearsal and now I can't play a gentleman...
We were lucky that a good actor has offered to replace you.
Who is he?
Professor Araide, I told you so!
I have to admit that he does it wonderfully!
The love scene with the Ran is a blast!
Sonoko!
Yeah...
If Ran keeps her cool on stage,
the play will come out great!
No problem!
And with the air conditioning broken, the gymnasium will be a sauna...
and, hopefully, fewer people will come than last year.
(Thinking) "I'm sure he had it all figured out, that jerk..."
What do you say?
This year is a different story!
The drama club will set up a stand
and sell drinks and snacks!
Hell, no!
What are you talking about!
(Girl) What do you have, in your head?
Who would think of it, buying lilies?
(Boy) Why don't you shut up!?
They're flowers, aren't they?!
The voices are in your room, right, Conan?
And so much...
(Thinking) "Don't tell me what's...?"
The problem?
Well, they make a lot of smell and maybe you don't like them!
You should have said it before!
Know-it-all!
Heiji, Kazuha... What are you doing here?
Hey!
We were told the boy was sick and we flew in.
How is he, the sick one?
He's fine!
He's recovering very well.
2 or 3 days and he'll be able to leave.
This is good news.
What you have to do is to change the flowers.
What do you think you are doing?
Au, why don't you go with her, she's still capable of getting lost.
Yes, man, yes.
(Shinichi voice) Now will you tell me why you came?
You offend me, man, I care about your health.
I know what it's like to have a bullet in your stomach.
I'll tell you again.
What the hell happened that's so important
because you came with a bouquet and everything?
You can't be fooled, huh?
The truth is, I got a call from Dr. Agasa yesterday...
To tell me to talk to you...
To me?
I don't know what's going on with you, Kudo.
But...
The little princess is starting to suspect you, boy!
AAAAAAAAA...
No, she doesn't suspect.
She knows everything!
What are you saying?
Did you tell her?
But, listen.
What do you take me for, man?

So, although he may be wrong, Grandpa and you!
He is so afraid, his imagination plays tricks on him!
No, right now there are masses of indications that he already knows everything.
And if I don't invent another me,
I won't be able to fool her much longer...
What I don't understand is one thing: if you know, why don't you tell me?
Ah...
You haven't changed a bit.
You can interpret what others think,
except if you're related.
Mm?
It's pretty clear.
If he knows and hasn't told you yet, there can only be one reason.
He's waiting!
He's waiting for you to tell him.
It's so obvious!
Look, if I were you, I'd get ready to explain everything to him:
the men in black who made you small.
Everything, point by point.
What are you crazy?
La Ran is a very good person,
she always listens to other people's problems, she worries and she cries.
How can I do this to her, Heiji?
Although... I don't know if I'll be able to lie to her,
after seeing her so worried.
I wish so much that I could be honest with her,
take this weight off my shoulders...
Hattori, listen...
what would you do?
What do you think... what should I do?
What's wrong, Heiji!
Hey, Heiji!
The Ran is in a play, you know that, right?
It's Sunday.
Aren't we going to see it?
"And if I don't, I'll make up another me,
"I won't be able to fool her much longer..."
-Excuse me, Kazuha, but I can't. -What?
Why not?
I have things to do, Sunday, very important things.
I'm sorry...
(Remember: Agasa) "Listen to me well, Shinichi."
"What happened you can't tell anyone!"
"Including the Ran!"
"If he knows and hasn't told you yet, there can only be one reason."
"You understand, don't you?"
"We can't tell anyone what's happened to us. We must keep it a secret."
"He's waiting! He's waiting for you to be the one to tell him!"
"It's too obvious!"
Don't leave me alone...!
(Thinks) "I think I'll tell him."
(Weapon: the charge)
"Ha... Haibara...!"
"A dangerous return: the third option"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

