The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Cases admit all kinds of deductions.
Today, a gun between Ai and Conan!
And the Ran dates someone in a play.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "We from the Junior Detective League went camping.
"And we found a cave in the mountain."
"We went in to explore it,
"But we found a gang of robbers
"who were hiding the body of one of their accomplices."
"Then they shot at me and I was seriously wounded."
"But thanks to the good work of the League of Detectives,
"We fled and the robbers were apprehended."
"They took me to the hospital right away,
"And the Ran, who, I don't know how, knew my blood type,
"She gave her blood for a transfusion."
Conan and I have the same blood group!
"The Ran was very convinced,
"He knew what my blood group was..."
"He knows who I am."
"And when I had just decided that I would explain the truth to the Ran...
(Pistol: the charge)
"Haibara showed up and pointed a gun at me."
A DANGEROUS RETURN: THE THIRD OPTION
Oh...!
Haibara!
Hey, Shinichi.
Forgive me for doing this to you,
but I must still have a little bit of bad blood left in my veins.
Don't you understand?
They've found out.
They've found out who I really am.
Those men in black, as you call them, they know.
You know how it happened?
They found me out at the Haido City Hotel incident.
I had not imagined that it would ever happen...
Who would have thought that there was someone else there, apart from Pisco?
What I revealed to them caused the organization to suspect...
that the drug had turned me into a little girl.
Finally, they found out where I was...
and they contacted me this morning.
I thought they wanted to liquidate me,
but they told me that if I came back to the organization..,
they would overlook the fact that I had betrayed them.
And the reason they've spared my life
is that they want me to develop Apoptoxin 4869.
Now I understand,
that's why you've come to kill me, because I know their organization.
That's what I've been told to do.
That's what they told me to do if I really want to go back to them!
And, of course, your parents...
and your detective friend from Osaka will also be killed tomorrow!
I'm sorry to tell you that they've taken Dr. Agasa hostage...
and getting you out of the way is the only thing I can do to save his life!
But you can also thank me:
you won't have to watch your parents and your friend get killed,
because I'll kill you first.
(Gunshot)
How did you like it?
Did you like it?
How did you like it?
What would you do if there really was someone in the hotel like I told you?
What would happen if they found me and took Dr. Agasa hostage?
You can be sure I would do exactly what I just told you....
What I can absolutely guarantee you
is that they will murder everyone who has been in contact with you.
Ep, what are you getting at, telling me all this?
I came here to make things clear to you.
What do you want to make clear to me?
If you let your feelings get the better of you
and tell her what happened to you,
she'd be the first person the organization would get rid of.
Who are you talking about?
Who are you talking about?
Are you talking about Ran?
Yes, I'm sure she's known who you really are for a long time,
and now you think you can't go on acting crazy like this anymore.
You're going to explain to her the whole story of the drug and the organization
to keep your conscience clear, don't you?
But why are you surprised, Conan?

Just by looking at you, anyone would realize what I'm saying.
If I could see it, so can she.
She'll think, "One of these days in Conan she'll explain everything to me."
"We have very strong family ties."
"And he's almost like a son to my father."
Come on...
Listen carefully.
You have 3 choices.
3 options?
One: leave things as they are..,
don't explain anything and continue to keep your distance.
Second: explain everything to the Ran...
and take the risk that you will most likely be found out.
And finally, the third option.
(People: shouts of encouragement)
Why are there so many people out there?
And on top of that, now comes our representation.
Yes, because they have said fantastic things about this play!
They sell it as the best love story,
they leave it better than Romeo and Juliet!
Hello, Ran!
Hello Kazuha!
We finally came to see you!
In Heiji she told me I'd be in your way, but here I am!
At Heiji he didn't want to come with you?
Gee, what a pity, I'm crazy about him...
I'm sorry.
I was joking.
Sonoko is hung up on another guy, tall and dark-skinned!
I'm sorry I like everyone with dark skin...
And where is he, Shinichi?
Didn't you invite him?
I don't see him around.
No, I haven't invited him by...
Silly..,
you invite your friends and people from your neighborhood,
but it turns out you don't invite your "casó".
Of course... Then I'm not the only person you had invited today.
Why do you say that?
I'm really glad you came.
He has a cold and I told him to stay home,
but he wouldn't listen to me.
She had promised you she would come and I couldn't stop her.
How are you feeling?
How are you feeling?
Are you feeling better? Yes, thank you.
I don't want you to have a bad time.
Ran, can you come here for a moment, please?
I wanted to talk to you about the last dialogue.
I'll be right back.
He's a very handsome boy!
Is he your partner in the play?
(Sonoko) Justa!
Don't you think they make a good couple, the two of them?
Well, I'm going to my seat...
-Don't be nervous, girl!
(Sonoko) -Good luck!
Oh, my goodness!
There's only a quarter of an hour left!
Come on, we have to go change your clothes!
Yes...
Sorry it took so long...
What happened?
I was dying of thirst.
Sorry, sorry.
It's just that the bar was full of people.
Can you hand them out to everyone?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Now?
Well, you'd better hurry.
It's about to start.
Yes, it's about to start!
Only one minute to go!
-I'd better hurry!
-Yes, run! -Yes, run!
Let's see, I never had an iced coffee and...
-The orange juice is mine.
Orange juice... It has.
Thank you very much.
Kohei, you wanted an iced coffee, right?
Yes...
My is oolong tea.
(thinks) "No, it can't be!"
"It's her!"
What's wrong?
-No, nothing's wrong... -(doorbell)
(Girl) The second B class will be performing
the play 'Shaffle's Romance'.
We hope you enjoy the play.
Zeus..., you who are omniscient and omnipotent.
Why do you make me suffer and make me go through these cruel trances?
Or do you want to tell me that I have to accept a wedding that I do not want?
(Cries)
Very well, daughter!
Show me what you can do!
It's just that... she's my little daughter.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
(Spectators: laughing)
(Spectators: laughing) Oh... How embarrassing!
I want to change seats.
That's it.
Professor, now comes the first climax.
Come on stage at once...
Evildoers, tell us who you are!
Can't you see she's Princess Corazon?
-Her father is the Duke of Bridge! -Of course we know!
We have orders to assassinate her so that the wedding will not take place!
The best thing for our empire is...
that the Duke and the King remain strangers to each other.
It's all for our sake...
Get out of the way!
Come on! Aaah!
Ran, smoke-a karate chop!
Finish these bastards!
Crow feathers?
Eh?
That's impossible...
The... black knight!
What a piece of man!
- (boy) He's great! - (boy) We're out of here!
Who are you, knight, that saved me not once, but twice?
Oh, nameless knight who wears black,
if you want to please me truly,
stop hiding with this mask and show me your face!

What a ?
Ran!
How lucky you are!
Professor Araide, this was not in the script.
What a degenerate!
What do you think you're doing to my daughter?!
She's still a child!
Now you'll see!
Don't interfere, Mr. Mouri!
Don't interrupt them!
Now comes the most interesting part!
Sonoko, what am I supposed to do now?
What do you say?!
Follow the scene?
But are you sure?
Oh, my mother, you mustn't be Spade,
the man my father made a mark between the eyes?
No one imagined that he was the prince of the Trump empire.
If you have not forgotten the promise we made to each other when we were little, please?
I beg you to prove it to me by leaving a kiss on my lips.
What are you doing, you idiot!
What the fuck are you saying, Ran?!
(Girl: call)
The deceased is Mr. Kohei Kamata, 27 years old.
So he's a doctor from the General Hospital, right?
He told us that he suddenly fainted while watching the play.
Yes.
He seemed to be suffering from severe chest pain before he fell.
Could you have fainted
after drinking the contents of this glass next to you?
I don't know, I was concentrating on the play.
There was hardly any liquid left.
Let's see, miss, at approximately what time did you faint?
The play started a little after two o'clock, so...
It would be about 2:40 minutes past 2:00, give or take.
How do you know, Ran?
Because we felt him call out
the climax of the scene in the first part.
Right, Professor Araide?
Professor...
I get it!
Ran's high school party is being held!
This means that there must be in Mou...!
(Wringing his neck)
Looking for someone, Inspector Megure?
We were talking about you.
(Thinks) "You've been carrying bad luck at your daughter's school, too!"
Well... I suppose you made sure no one came near the body, didn't you, Mouri?
Of course I did, Inspector Megure!
Preserving the crime scene is a basic step in solving a crime!
This coroner is the first one to touch the body.
-The cause of death? -I'm sure it's...
(Hattori) It's potassium cyanide.
I'm sure this guy died after ingesting potassium cyanide!
What's wrong, here?!
You just told me that no one had touched the body!
Well... I'm... I'm sure he didn't...
What are you saying?
It is not necessary to touch the body, to find out how he died!
When someone dies, the most normal thing is to present a cadaverous lividity...,
But this man's lips and ears...
are not purple, they are pink!
This proves that he has died poisoned by potassium cyanide.
Potassium cyanide is different from other poisons.
When you take it, it blocks the cellular respiratory chain...
and the oxygen circulates in the blood without being used,
that's why the face looks so healthy.
And the smell of bitter almond intense
also tells us that this is potassium cyanide.
Doctor, is what you say true?
Yes, it smells like bitter almonds and the boy is right.
The man almost certainly died of potassium cyanide poisoning.
Hey, you... You seem to know a lot about this case...
It's not because you were sitting on the edge of the victim?
-That you knew him? -What do you mean? -I was sitting on the side of the victim.
I was sitting on the side of the first row,
away from the aisle that separates the first block.
The first row of the block in front of me...
3 seats to the right of where you were.
Is this true, Kogoro?
I don't know, I was so focused on the play...
that I didn't notice my surroundings.
And you, boy, is there anyone who can prove that you were there?
Let me think... Let's see...
Ask him!
I was sitting right next to that kid with glasses!
Conan, is this true?
Yes, I think so...
But still... I have this strange feeling.
I know I've seen you somewhere else... By the way, who are you?
Don't tell me you've already forgotten about me.
I'm very disappointed in you.
After all the trouble I've gone through to get back home...
It's me, Shinichi Kudo.
Ooooh!
(All) Ooooooooh!
The boy with the glasses called me.
That's why I came to see your play, pretty girl.

Isn't that right, glasses boy? But you, aren't you...?
Heiji, what the hell are you doing?
Geez... Kazuha!
I told you not to come!
You've put on makeup and changed your hair.
Now you're going to give us a kabuki play?
No, you're mistaken, woman.
Take a good look!
I'm Shinichi Kudo.
What kind of a joke is this, kid?!
Ouch!
All right, all right, you've won!
He's right, it was just a joke!
I thought I'd dress up as Shinichi and surprise everyone,
but in the end I figured it out.
Coi de nano.
By the way, who the hell are you?
Geez, on the right a madman and on the left, Mouri.
What's that?
Nothing, nothing!
Just kidding.
(thinks) "Bad lightning!"
"I just wanted to pretend I was Shinichi
"To sit next to the little Shinichi
"Because the Ran would see us together so she wouldn't suspect him."
"This Kazuha donkey has ruined everything!"
Ahem... In any case, we must continue the investigation.
Did the late Mr. Kamata buy the drink himself?
No, he didn't.
I bought them.
At that bar over there.
I bought four drinks
and took them to my friends, who were waiting for me at the seats.
Then I left them all 4 to Mitani and went to the toilet.
Mr. Mitani, so you gave your drink to the victim?
No..., she never asked me to give the drinks to each one and...
Here, hold on.
I have to go to the washroom.
Now?
Well, you'd better hurry up, Never!
It's about to start...
It's about to start...
Only one minute to go!
-You'd better hurry! -Yes, run.
Let's see, I never had an iced coffee and...
-The orange juice is mine.
Orange juice... You have it.
Thank you very much.
Kohei, you wanted an iced coffee, right?
So, finally, Kohei's drink has given him the Mitani.
What do you mean by that?!
You've looked what his glass was!
Excuse me, Miss,
could you tell me what was the relationship between you and Mr. Kamata?
The four of us studied at this high school,
and we were all part of the drama club...
Coincidentally, we found jobs in the same company.
It was a tradition to come and see the plays at the annual festival.
I still can't believe that poor Kamata had something like that happen to him.
Besides, he was so excited...
that his thesis had finally been accepted...
Yes, that's true.
But Miss Never, how come you went to buy the drinks by yourself...
Wasn't it hard for you, carrying all 4 drinks at once?
Well, since it was quite crowded, I suggested you to save some room.
Kohei came later and...
Never, you will be able to carry all the drinks alone?
I will help you.
Ah, thank you.
Ouch!
I'm sorry.
I'd better wait in my seat.
In Kohei has turned white and returned to his seat quickly.
He turned white? Gee, what happened to him?
Well, he must have seen me at the bar in the theater.
What?
Ayako, is that you?
You study at this school too, don't you?
Of course I do!
Your face looked familiar.
Do you know her?
Yes, her father is the director of the hospital where we work.
So, the one who served the drinks to these people was...
It was me.
Indeed... Now we have gathered all the suspects in this case.
Wait a moment!
Kohei and I are the only ones who ordered iced coffee!
If he had put poison in his drink,
I would have given it to him personally for not taking it myself by mistake.
But if it has enveritat the two glasses, it was only necessary that I did not drink its.
Well, I drank all of it!
And I could not have thrown it down the sink?
I have not explained to him that I have left the drinks to my companions
and then I went to the toilet?
When I came back, the play had already started, and then I didn't move!
I passed the drinks to them right away,
I didn't have time to put poison in it.
One of us didn't!
But you had time to open the lid and look at the contents, didn't you?
We didn't need to open them at all!
It already said on the lid that there was.
Besides, the iced coffee had a small glass of syrup and a glass of milk....
to mix them in.

So the murderer could have previously poisoned these little cups
and changed them shortly afterwards.
Then Kohei would have died right after taking the first drink!
Potassium cyanide causes instant death!
But his glass was completely empty!
Well, we still don't know what stratagem the murderer has used
to poison Mr. Kamata's drink, but...
undoubtedly..., one of you four... is the murderer!
You must have been approached too, right?
The person who poisoned the drink was...
(Girl) Don't!
Don't do it!
You're not supposed to appear on the scene.
You can't go out in the spotlight!
Oh! Hey?!
And the next Conan:
"A Dangerous Return: The Knight in Black!"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

