The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Today appears the one we have waited so long for.
Some adult deductions shine incisive.
The truth is finally known!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "While exploring a cave,
"I was shot by a gang of bank robbers.
"And I was saved
"Because the Ran gave blood for me to get a transfusion."
"I decided to explain everything....,
"And Haibara pulled a gun on me."
I've come to make things clear to you.
If you tell her everything,
Ran will be the first person the organization will get rid of.
Listen carefully, you have 3 options.
First: leave things as they are....,
don't explain anything to her and continue to keep your distance.
Second: explain everything to the Ran...
and take the risk that you will most likely be found out.
And finally, the third option.
(Off) "The day of the annual party of the Teitan Institute arrived,
"And during the play they were putting on in the gymnasium,
"A murder was committed among the audience."
A DANGEROUS RETURN: THE KNIGHT IN BLACK
Well, we still don't know what stratagem the killer used...
to poison Mr. Kamata's drink,
but undoubtedly one of you...
one of you four... is the murderer!
Am I right, Mr. Inspector?
Am I?
Yes.
Inspector!
We found some unopened glasses of milk and syrup
in Mr. Kamata's pocket!
Unopened?
Gee, that's strange.
Did Mr. Kamata usually drink his coffee black or did he put something in it?
As far as I remember, he used to drink coffee with milk and syrup.
Isn't that right?
Yes, he almost always had milk and syrup.
But today he didn't have any milk or syrup.
There is an explanation for this.
Today he wasn't drinking iced coffee, he was drinking cola.
I thought that if I put a cola in it, he would come to the bar to change it,
he would come to the bar to change it, and in this way...,
if he came, he could ask me why I broke off our engagement.
You were engaged?
Yes, we were supposed to get married as soon as I finished high school,
but I started to have doubts
and last week I phoned him to break it off...
Then I went to the hospital, but he didn't want to see me....
Now I understand why he also had a cola.
I have been about to put the milk and syrup.
It tastes really bad to me.
Anyway, we'll take the drinks and the little glasses to the lab...
for analysis.
Then we'll continue the interrogation.
Yes, sir!
Inspector, with the turn the case has taken, it can't be ruled out...
What do you mean?
I mean suicide.
He must have taken a very heavy blow,
when he left a girl 10 years younger than him.
He was already thinking about suicide when he came here.
So he decided to kill himself.
And if things went like this, he would take the blame on her.
I remember when Kohei was looking like crazy for something in the glove compartment.
Yes, he told me he was looking for his driver's license.
Do you remember anything special?
No, I don't.
We came to Kamata's car together,
but now that you mention it, it did seem strange.
It's true, he kept rummaging through the glove compartment.
Takagi, go to his car and search the glove compartment.
Maybe we'll find something.
(Takagi) Yes, sir!
(Takagi) Come on, guys!
(Hattori) Hey, Kudo.
You must have been approached too, right?
It's more than evident that the one who poisoned the drink was...
The victim's drink has been open all the time,
and inside was cola, not iced coffee.
And then there are the strange things that person said....
We only need one proof and our theory will be perfect!

Hey, wait.
Come back here!
Don't be repellent!
Well, I see that Heiji and that boy are close friends...
Oh, how awful.
There's a strange murder, they cancel the performance...
and on top of that it had to start raining.
The good mood of the party has gone down the drain.
Isn't that right?
Yes, girl.
There's nothing we can do when things like this happen.
There'll be another time, but today we have to let it go.
So this is the final decision.
Thank you for everything.
(Takagi) Inspector!
What, Takagi.
(Takagi) What have we got?
We found this in the glove compartment of the victim's car.
I'm pretty sure it's potassium cyanide.
(Takagi) Good work!
The forensic lab just called me a moment ago.
According to the analysis, there's no trace of poison in any of the drinks.
So, you mean...
Yes!
We'll finally close this case as a suicide case!
(Voice: Shinichi) Wait a moment, Inspector!
This is not a suicide, gentlemen.
This is a plain and simple murder.
It is a murder.
(Remember: Ai) "No! Don't do it!"
"You're not supposed to appear on the scene."
"You can't go out in the spotlight! Don't you understand?"
That's right.
That's right.
Mr. Kamata has been poisoned.
She was poisoned in the dark and in front of this stage.
The killer knew the victim's habits,
and that's what helped him commit the murder.
And furthermore, I am convinced that the murderer still has the murder weapon.
He has committed a daring and reckless murder,
like the risk I am taking now.
But you will see that I am right.
Who... who are you?
Long time no see, Inspector Megure.
It's me, Shinichi Kudo.
Oh! Oh!
(Ouch) Donkey!
(Who's this guy?
Have you seen him before?
(Think) "Shinichi...!"
"That's a lie, it can't possibly be him."
"Because Shinichi is... On Shinichi is..."
(Think) "This boy is in Kudo, and that one too?"
"Can you tell what's going on?"
(Think) "What a piece of man!"
Long live our super detective!
-Hey, it's Shinichi Kudo! Prove yourself, Kudo!
(People) Kudo!
Kudo!
Kudo!
Kudo!
Kudo!
Kudo!
Xsst.
Please be quiet.
You'll celebrate when the curtain has finally closed
the curtain of this terrible murder...
(People) Xsssst!
Xsssst!
Apa, he's as dramatic as ever.
He is great.
Shinichi...
Is it really you?
Ah.
You donkey...
You look like you're half asleep.
I have something very important to say later, so don't run away...
Oh, one more thing.
Hattori... Ah, yes...
Do you carry a 10 yen coin?
I've got a couple or three on me.
Why do you want to use it?
Ah, I get it...
Then, can you lend me one for a moment?
Sure, but it's worth moltíssim.
I'll give it back to you right away.
Wow!
Ku-Kudo, you've been away for a long time...
I appreciate your willingness to lend me a hand,
but there's no trace of poison in any of the drinks.
Besides, the victim drank most of his soda.
Whichever way you look at it...
Yes, at first glance, it looks like it must be a suicide....
and that Kamata has supplied the poison himself,
but with a certain object, murder is also possible.
A certain object?
Yes.
It is a stratagem.
An elementary trick.
It's all in the ice...
In the ice, you say?!
The poison used is potassium cyanide,
which does not dissolve easily in ice water.
You take an ice cube,
make a hole in the center, inject the poison...
and cover the hole with a piece of ice.
When the ice melts, it releases the poison.
Then the drink could have been finished.
But then there should be some trace of poison left in the glass.
The lid of the victim's glass... was open, remember?
And do you know why, gentlemen?
After drinking the poison, he fell...
and he shook the glass until it broke, because of the pain.
What?
The glass was whole.
When someone has finished a soft drink,
they only take the lid off for one reason.
Our victim didn't drink the poison, he ate it, gentlemen!
He ate it? Yes, sir!
It's true, inspector!
You usually eat the ice in your drinks too!

I get it.
Who knew his habit of eating the cubes,
he could have poisoned,
and then there would be no trace of poison left in the glass.
That's all?
So, finally, who poisoned Mr. Kamata's ice?
Mr. Mitani and Miss Noda simply passed him the drink,
they couldn't have had a chance to do so.
Miss Ninagawa, on the other hand, did.
Because she served cola
instead of the iced coffee he had asked for,
but she would not poison his drink
knowing that he might exchange it for another one.
Besides, there was another person who had asked for iced coffee,
and she couldn't know who would end up poisoned.
The probability of success was down to 50%, and the risks were high.
So, you mean...
The person who poisoned Mr. Kamata
is the one who bought the drinks and brought them.
Never Kohgami...,
you are the only person who could have done it.
Ma-May...
You went to get the drinks.
Then you were able to open them and put the poisoned ice cube in,
making it look like it poured milk and syrup.
Wait.
She never put any milk or syrup in the drinks!
They found the milk and syrup cups in Kamata's pocket!
He didn't do it because when he left the ice cube inside,
then he realized that the liquid was cola.
If he had put it in, Mr. Kamata might not have drunk it.
He brought the drinks just before the play began
because he didn't bother to go and change his.
Even if he realized it wasn't coffee, when the lights went out, it would have been too much of a hustle and bustle to get up,
it would have been too much of a hassle to get up to change it.
I can't understand how he managed to move with the cube on him.
You will find the answer in the object I have discovered
in the wastebasket next to the toilets when Takagi went out.
I am referring to this plastic wallet.
In the laboratory, hurry! Yes, sir!
If you keep the ice cube with a piece of dry ice,
it can be kept for quite a while without melting;
in this way the ice cube can last for quite a few minutes.
Miss Kohgami....,
just after you have poisoned the drink, you have given it to Mr. Mitani,
you gave it to Mr. Mitani and then went to the toilet,
threw the dry ice into the toilet
and disposed of the purse by throwing it in a dumpster.
Am I wrong?
I'm right, aren't I, Miss Kohgami?
I would never...
Hats off to you, Shinichi Kudo.
You certainly are as good a detective as I was told.
But don't you remember?
I ordered iced coffee, too,
and I gave it to en Mitani along with all the other drinks.
I didn't know which glass I would give to en Kohei.
So I couldn't poison him as you say.
This is absurd.
Or maybe you're saying that I've gambled 50%?
The Ayako may also have done it.
Doncs not exactly, you see...
You have played it 100%.
Because you have put poisoned ice cubes in both glasses.
But... but this is ridiculous!
She drank all of her soda!
All of it!
There was only one thing: that she drank it before the ice melted.
Even so, there would still be traces of poison in the victim's glass.
And if he had wanted to take out the poisoned ice cube,
those around him would have noticed.
Please listen carefully, Mr. Megure.
What if he put the cube in his mouth and pretended to eat it?
What?
That's right, inspector.
And without anyone noticing, you could take it out of your mouth...
and hide it in a place, which is probably...
Basketball.
Putting the poisoned ice cube in your mouth is very risky,
but if at the time of preparing it the poison has been put in the center,
it is possible to do.
But are you sure it is to your hood?
Yes, sir.
You got it right.
Look at this!
The stains are gone, look how shiny!
This proves that it has been in contact with the potassium cyanide,
and the oxidation reaction has been activated!
I see... I see.
But how did you know that he had put the poisoned cube on the hood?
Well, because...
Because it was raining then...
But when I went out
to show the inspector where Kohei's car was,
you saw that I didn't put on my hood so I wouldn't get wet.
This made you suspicious of me.
Yes.

I imagined that the cube would have melted,
and that you obviously didn't want to spill the poison all over your head.
Is he right, this guy, Mai?
You died in Kamata?
Yes, that's right, I have poisoned in Kohei thoroughly.
He was... he was despicable, as a doctor!
What do you mean, never?
This is unforgivable.
I'm sure you all knew it quite well.
I'm talking about the thesis I was presenting at the next conference.
But there was a patient with an unusual condition in the hospital
that could have disproved his theory.
Unfortunately, his condition worsened and he died....
Thus, the case that invalidated the theory no longer existed.
This can't be.
You say Kohei...?
Yes, he gave him the wrong medication,
and it caused his symptoms to quickly become acute,
until the patient died.
Just to protect his insignificant quest...
He told me himself last week.
The Ayako broke off his engagement,
and he was so distraught that I took him out for drinks,
and he got drunk.
He didn't even regret what he had done.
His conscience was very clear.
On the contrary: he said that this world was unfair.
He, who could do whatever he wanted with the lives of others,
worried because a little girl had left her.
It's appalling.
Yes.
That's why I showed him...
that it was even more unfair for a man like him to be a doctor...
and acted premeditatedly.
So, it was you who put the bottle of cyanide in the car?
Yes, I put it there.
I hid his driver's license so that he would have to look for it...
and thus arouse suspicion...
Lucky for you, weren't you, detective?
It's a good thing it rained.
If it hadn't rained,
you wouldn't have had any evidence to prove that it had.
You're right, if it hadn't been for the hood..,
I would have asked the police to examine all your clothes.
Because I had already identified you as the murderer
when I saw that you had the little glasses of milk and syrup in your pocket.
You said that, when you came back from the washroom,
the play had started several minutes before, right?
And at the beginning of the play, the lights were off.
So you couldn't tell...
whether your drink was cola or iced coffee.
This told me that you'd already opened the drinks
and you'd already seen that it wasn't iced coffee.
All right, I give up.
I give up.
As an alumna of this school,
I'm proud that you're so brilliant in your deductions.
Come on, we'll continue the statement at the station.
Understood.
Mr. Mitani, Miss Noda and Miss Ninagawa,
we'll also need your statements.
Caram, Heiji, today you looked like a simple assistant to a great magician.
What do you want me to do?
We're in Tokyo and I have to make Kudo look good.
Wow, you're as indispensable as usual!
And now!
What do you say!
Yes, yes, but he still can't compare with me.
What, you want to come and witness the interrogation for old time's sake?
No, not this time.
Thank you, inspector.
Now I have to go do something...
Yes, of course...
Don't let it be known that I had anything to do with this case, please.
No problem, but your resume is going down.
Come on, Mouri.
Yes, Mr. Inspector!
Hey, Kudo.
Why didn't you want to go watch the interrogation?
I'm sorry, sir.
A montage is a puzzle someone's made up.
All you have to do is think about it hard,
and when the time comes you come up with a logical explanation...
(groans in pain) Hey, what do you got?
It's kind of frustrating.
No matter how many times I go through it,
I can't explain to myself that there are logical reasons
why one person killed another.
I can understand the emotions, but not the action of killing.
It's... it's beyond me.
Ah... Ah...
Ah... Gee, no... It's happening to me again.
I thought I was back to my old self...
I thought everything would be fine.
It has.
This is an experimental drug.
It's an antidote made against apoptoxin 4869.
What are you going to do?
If you take this, it could kill you.
Do you want to try it?
Shinichi.
Shinichi...!
Shinichi, what's wrong?
Are you all right?
Is it hard to breathe?
Ran...
It's all over...

(Thinking) "If I turn into Conan right here....
"Ran will find out everything..."
"My body... I... can't move."
Kudo!
Shinichi!
Shinichi!
(Cries) Shinichiiiii!
Ah... What smell is it, this?
Is it the infirmary?
Ah, I remember... I've been taken here.
It's the Ran... She's so pale.
I can't blame her, she's seen a person shrink in front of her.
What's that?
Hey, Kudo!
You're awake!
I'm glad you're awake!
Don't give us this kind of trouble again!
What's this?
(Think) "Yes it is, Shinichi! It wasn't a dream!"
"He's really back."
I hate to tell you this,
but it doesn't look like she was murdered to steal money.
Inspector Megure...
Kudo!
What the...?
And the next Conan:
"A dangerous return: Shinichi is back."

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

