The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
What will the couple do once the case is solved?
Will they manage to declare themselves, even if not in words?
The truth comes out in the end!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "A gang of robbers shot at me.
"While we were exploring a cave."
"I needed a transfusion and the Ran offered."
"That's why I decided to tell her the truth, but...
"Haibara pulled a gun on me."
"And then, on the day of the high school party,
"During the play..., someone in the audience was killed!"
"Thanks to an antidote that Haibara prepared,
"I became a teenager again and was able to solve the case."
"The Ran stopped being suspicious."
"The next day I invited her to dinner on the top floor of the Beika Building,
"But once again, a homicide occurred."
"La Ran stayed waiting for me while I went to investigate."
"Quickly, I deduced who the culprit was."
(He thinks) "I was not mistaken: it is he, who shot the victim."
"Mr. Oba!"
A DANGEROUS RETURN: THE PLACE OF PROMISE.
(He thinks) "I can't think what it could be, what he wants to tell me. No idea..."
Because he'll propose to you, woman!
Aah!
"It can't be, I don't think so."
"If we're still in high school."
"Aaah... I hope he won't be long in coming back."
(Thinks) "I'm sure Mr. Oba has shot the president."
"But there are two unanswered questions:
"One, the behavior of Mr. Tatsumi in the elevator,
"And the other, the absence of gunpowder."
"If he is so confident,
"He had it all planned and eliminated the evidence."
Something else occurs to me.
Wasn't it Mr. Oba, who was supposed to wear the costume at the party?
Of course it was him.
Maybe he changed his clothes!
Are you absolutely sure?
Yes.
Today's party was to be used to introduce the new mascot,
who was to be with us all night.
It was a surprise, seeing Mr. Oba in there!
You can say it... I get it.
Having two matching costumes,
the murderer could have taken out the one he had with gunpowder residue...
No, he couldn't, Inspector!
That's impossible,
because before putting it on, he gave us the jacket and the suspenders.
-But... -It seems suspicious to me...
How can you talk like that
about a person who spends the night making you laugh?
Are you saying that because he winked at us, maybe?
-At first it was funny,
but all the time the same thing, the truth is that it's tiring...
I'm sorry.
It hurts when we look at her, the costume, ladies?
Ah...!
Look at it!
It's, it's... a surreal design.
Isn't it very pretty?
Who organized the party?
Mr. Oba.
(Thinking) "I know. Now I understand how he did it."
What, do you pull out the lattice or what, boy?
Well, yeah, almost.
Don't you think it's too hot in here, Inspector?
Are you kidding?
It's freezing cold, with the air conditioning.
And why do I sweat so much?
Ah!
Aaaaah... (gasps)
(thinks) "No, it can't be. It can't be happening to me now."
"Not now!"
"Not here! Not on such an important day!"
"Shit, not today!"
Mm?
What's wrong with you?
You're not feeling well?
Hey, Kudo.
Inspector!
We found no trace of gunpowder on the suspect!
I knew it!
Then maybe we were wrong, don't you think?
All right, question everyone...
to see if anyone has seen any suspects.
Wait a minute... I don't think that's necessary, Inspector...
What?
No doubt the murderer is among us.

Therefore, I propose that we take action...
and reveal the truth quickly.
May I know what's going on?
I have been searched before!
And they haven't found anything!
They don't intend to look at anything but me?!
Why do they treat me like a criminal?! A little calm...
Go on, speak, please.
Tell them l'hi.
Tell them it wasn't me.
Yes, you're absolutely right, it wasn't him!
He was with me all the time, inspector!
Evidently, we were not together while he was putting on the costume,
but the dressing room was closed at the time.
And there were other people around him, he couldn't have gone.
What does he think?
That I'm a liar?
No.
You're not lying.
You think you've been with Mr. Oba all night.
You even think you were with him at the time of the murder.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
You dare to insinuate that I helped him kill my own father?!
I'm saying that the murder has taken place very close to you
and you didn't notice it.
Because at the time I had my eyes closed...
and my back was turned in the elevator.
For the simple reason that Mr. Oba was giving you a kiss.
He was kissing her?!
You mean they were... they were... they were...?
Yes.
Look how well.
He was caressing her hair with his left hand...,
covering her ears,
and while he was kissing her, the elevator rang.
Then, as soon as the door opened, her father died.
He died at the hands of Mr. Oba!
Hey, you mean even if I plugged his ears...
and he had a gun with a silencer,
he wouldn't have felt the body fall to the ground?
Yes.
In fact, I think he must have heard it, the noise, Inspector Megure.
Precisely because of that,
Mr. Oba made sure the party started right then and there.
"He waited to take his arm out of his ears...
"Until he began to feel the voices from below,"
thinking that the commotion would make him forget the previous noise.
But first, of course, he had to make sure...
that the elevator door was closed, right, Mr. Oba?
Ha-ha-ha.
A thrilling story, yes sir.
Unfortunately, it has a very important hole in it.
Mr. Tatsumi left because he wasn't feeling well
and entered the elevator.
Tell me what he was still doing inside?
You don't want everyone here to think you were waiting for me...
because I was going to kill her, would you?
Yes, Mr. Oba, I was waiting for you.
The president stayed in the elevator, as they had agreed,
waiting quietly for you to come with the disguise!
I imagine he said something like...
"Pretend you are going home and start changing."
"Then you'll come back to the party and surprise the guests."
Am I wrong?
Hey, you're suggesting that his buttons were undone because...
Yeah, he had them undone because he was starting to change.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy.
Now I get it.
The buzzer doesn't work when the elevator's busy.
Of course...
And let's not forget that, besides, this elevator is private.
Therefore, Mr. Oba knew...
no one would use it until the end of the party.
And the powder trail?
If I had killed her, they would have found me, I guess.
He says... he winked?
What?
One of the girls said so.
According to her, when I was in disguise, I often winked.
And I've picked up heads.
I wasn't winking to make them laugh.
It's just that there was a hidden object in here.
That's why the eye didn't work, right?
"The bag contains gloves and 4 rubber bands."
"The glove on the right hand he was already wearing.
"He has wielded the gun and put it in the bag."
"He has closed with the rubber bands, and he has put it all in his pocket,
"because when he fired,
"the powder wouldn't stick to his clothes and the casing wouldn't fall to the ground."
All right, but being so close to each other,
I should have noticed him drawing his gun...
And of course I would, if everything was as ara.
Abaixeu the light.
But, when there is not so much light, the risk decreases.
Giving her the necklace in front of the elevator,
he assured her that she would go to the bathroom to put it on.
"Then, he could calmly throw away the pistol.

"To the dump over there, without stopping talking to her."
When he has covered her ears and touched her earring,
she wasn't wearing the glove on her left hand.
Therefore, if I am not mistaken, to the bag there should be....
your fingerprints!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
My fingerprints on the bag, you say?
Yes, of course they are!
This is quite evident, because I have touched it.
Me, and all those who helped me take off my disguise!
What?
Just a moment.
What does this mean?!
What, is it true or not?
Yes.
His eye wouldn't close, so I opened it and found the bag...
The Oba suggested that maybe it was part of the disguise
and that we should leave it inside.
Gentlemen, my theory is this:
someone who loves me badly has gone downstairs and shot the president
while Miss Tatsumi and I were in the washroom.
Then, in order to accuse me,
placed that bag in the eye of the disguise.
Nothing easier to understand,
because the costume would be the wardrobe until I didn't go.
This theory is more realistic.
To think that I shot the father while he was kissing the daughter
has no head or tail...
Hey, Kudo, what's up?
What now, ace investigator?
You don't seem so sure now.
Have you run out of ideas?
Don't worry, for every question you ask me, I'll have an answer.
Don't hesitate.
(laughs mockingly)
So, what now, PI?
What do you say?
You don't seem so sure now.
Have you run out of ideas?
(mocking laugh)
Pink pearls.
Eh ?!
Mr. Oba, this...,
that's what he told you when he gave you the necklace, isn't it?
"It's a pink pearl necklace. It matches the earrings you're wearing."
Yes, and the next guy, this, now?
Tell me how you knew they were pink, the earrings you were wearing.
This is caught by the tip of the hair.
What a question!
It's obvious, isn't it?
Ah!
Miss Tatsumi stated that she bought the earrings today,
before the appointment with you.
It is logical to think that it was the first time you saw them.
And with so little light in front of the elevator,
look, Mr. Oba, they simply look like black balls.
It is totally impossible to distinguish their color.
If it is not... --...and now listen to me..,
that we think so logically...
that you opened the door while kissing him!
Taoru, say it's a lie...
And then, Mr. Oba, may I know why you don't answer me?
Explain to us why you opened the door.
Say it, I'm listening.
Why?
You want to know?
Well, look, it's very simple.
I promised my father that one day I would avenge his death.
Your father's death?
Yes.
Look, my father had a video game company, 20 years ago,
right up until the Tatsumi's father proposed a merger.
"Then he suggested moving the offices into this building."
But it wasn't a merger, what he wanted: he just wanted to be the owner.
And to get it, he stole all my father's initiatives,
and fired all the workers
who had always been with us.
And my father, vice-president in name only,
ended up taking... his own life.
But my father has done so much for you!
Yes, and so much, he has done a lot for me.
I guess the feeling of guilt pushed him to promote me.
Precisely me, the man who planned to kill him,
marry his daughter and inherit the company!
It can't be true...
It was all a game.
From the plot
to the hero who uses the power of evil to unseat the devil.
Ha-ha-ha.
Who knew they would end up exactly the same?
Wha... what do you mean by this?
He was murdered, but they made it look like a suicide...
My father died 20 years ago,
right here, at the hands of Mr. Tatsumi.
But someone discovered the crime.
"It was a young man like you, who unraveled it all."
That's the price we who use the power of evil have to pay.
It's true!
I remember!
It was in Yusaku!
Precisely in Yusaku Kudo was here during the investigation
and solved the case for us!
Ah!
You mean the novel writer?
The son has solved the homicide that resulted from that case
that the father solved 20 years ago.
What twists and turns life takes... life takes.

Can't find, Kudo?
What?
Where have you gone?
(Groans in pain)
(Thinking) "Please, I need time. Ran..., Ran is waiting for me."
"Now I can't go back to being Conan."
Ah!
Ha... Haibara.
Why... now?
(Thinking) "Twenty-four minutes of time has passed."
"This must be the maximum tolerance level."
"You owe me a favor, Conan Edogava."
(Waitress) He already knows?
He says he's already solved the mystery.
Yes?
Does he mean it?
Now he'll be back!
Her boyfriend, I mean.
What does he say?
If he's not my boyfriend...
Oh.
Co... Conan!
Here, Ran, here's the credit card!
Shinichi told me to give it to you.
In Kogoro I wanted to know how you were
and, coming here, I found Shinichi!
Has the father come too?
Mm!
Now it's in the parking lot.
Coi, what do they have to do, it's taking so long?!
It's already been more than an hour!
I'm going to see what's going on.
No, you'd better wait for me.
They'll say I'm a child.
Shit, shit!
Where's Shinichi?
Ah!
It turns out she got a call on her cell phone...
to consult with her about some case to work on.
Something big happened, and she had to leave.
Well...
You know how stupid he is, Shinichi?
Leaving you here all alone!
He stood me up again.
Oh...
Ah, Ran..., Shinichi told me to tell you...
Shut up!
I don't want to know!
Do you understand me, Conan?
I don't want to feel... another excuse.
Shinichi told me...
that one day... he'll surely come back..,
even if it means his life.
And that's why...
that's why...
she told me that she wants you to wait for her, please, Ran.
That's why... that's why, Ran...
You're a fool, Conan, don't make that face, man.
It's not your fault, it's the fault of that crime maniac...
who leaves everything so it smells like a corpse!
Crime maniac...
By the way, Conan!
Won't you have some dessert?
Yes.
Excuse me, the menu, please.
Yes, indeed.
Hey, look!
Look at the spikes on the drum of this music box.
It's as if someone had twisted or broken them.
That's right.
Maybe it means something, right?
Huh?
Ah!
Who's there?
I was expecting you, Haruna.
What?
In the next Conan: "A revealing music box"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

