The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Today that melody that stayed in our hearts
has led us to an unusual case.
The truth comes out in the end!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Shot)
(Off) "I got involved in a case and got injured in the end."
"Ran's blood transfusion saved me."
"But she guessed who I really was!"
"The Haibara gave me an antidote to restore Shinichi's appearance.
"And she disguised herself as Conan.
"Because the Ran thought she had been mistaken in her suspicions."
(Groans in pain)
(Thinks) "Please..., I need a little more time."
"La Ran..., Ran is waiting for me..."
"Now I can't transform back into Conan again..."
"Not yet..."
Ha-Haibara!
You... Why?
Why?
(Think) "It's 24 minutes past the time."
"This must be the maximum tolerance level."
"You owe me a favor..., Shinichi."
A MUSIC BOX revealing (PART ONE)
What do you want?
I want the antidote for apotoxin 4869!
You still have some left, don't you?
Can I have some?
No way!
I wouldn't dream of giving it to you again!
Not while you have this habit
of thoughtlessly jumping into every case you come across.
I'm sorry, I'll try to be more careful next time.
I'll try to be more careful next time.
I've already told you.
This is an experimental drug.
I can't go around the world giving you dangerous and defective drugs.
Next time it could kill you.
You can't find the real antidote and you use the ingredients from Baikal.
If only we had the data on the real drug....
you should be grateful that she fell for our ploy
and make do with what you have.
If I had known it would end up like this, I would have told the Ran everything!
(Car: horn)
(At the same time) Hello, doctor!
Conan, are you sure you don't want to come?
-Let's go to the covered pool. There's a machine that makes waves.
Sorry, but I'm still a little cold.
See you later, Conan!
(laughs)
Oh, you're in a good mood today.
I'm sure something good has happened to you!
Yes, they've put out curry for lunch at school!
- (Mitsuhiko) We're not talking about you, Genta! -She must have liked it, too.
(Thinking) "Ah... Here we go again for the umpteenth time..."
"What a drag... Summer is here."
"I guess I'll never have spring in my life."
(Music box)
Oh.
I know this song... It's "Come, Spring"!

I'm home.
Hello, Conan, welcome!
Gee, Mr. Mouri, you have a son too?
He's not my son.
He just lives at home with us.
What's wrong with this music box?
It seems to be missing notes.
Shut up.
This is none of your business!
How old are you, handsome?
7... I think.
He's a first grader, but he's very perceptive and very helpful...
when they have to solve some cases that the father has.
Oh... This makes you a little detective, doesn't it?
Yes, it does!
Why don't you tell Conan about the case?
Maybe he'll help you find the person Haruna is looking for!
Looking for a person?
The truth is...
A locator friend?
She's looking for a person she met through the locator?
Yes, that's right.
His name is Shugo.
We met 3 years ago.
I came to Tokyo to study fine arts.
I had a hard time making new friends and I was very lonely.
So I started dialing random numbers on the pager.
I sent the message "My name is Haruna, do you want to be friends?"
And who would have guessed!
I received a reply that read:
"My first love was also named Haruna.

This must be a destiny thing, let's be friends!"
Since then we have been amics.
Aah.
He seemed to be a kind-hearted man I could trust.
And wouldn't he come, if you sent him a message saying you wanted to see him?
I can't do that anymore.
As you can see, I have his pager.
All this was Christmas last year.
"I was working part-time to pay for my tuition,
"but I was going through a lot of hardship.
"I decided to leave the school,
"and before returning to town I wanted to see him at least once."
"We met in front of the Hachiko statue at Shibuya Station."
"He waited for a long time,
"but no one matching his description showed up."
"And just when I had decided to leave..."
(Acoustic signal: beep-beep)
"I looked at the contents of that bag
"And I saw his pager,"
along with this music box.
But if you didn't know him, how did you know it was his pager?
Because there was a message written on it and I read it.
It said: "This music box is worth a lot of money....,
"Use it to pay for your lessons
"And don't give up on your dreams, Haruna."
But I couldn't accept such an expensive gift from a stranger.
And I thought that if I had it examined,
maybe I could find its owner and return it to him.
"I took it to an antique dealer,
"but the man in the store told me
"That it was just a damaged old music box."
And from then on,
I started getting strange messages on my pager.
Ah!
Strange messages?
They said, "I have something to tell you.
"Come to the place I tell you alone. Don't talk to anyone!"
Did you go where I told you?
No, because in Shugo I never expressed myself in that way.
There was something that frightened me and I didn't go.
And then, that day in the evening I received more than 10 messages...
that told me that I was a thief.
More than 10? A thief, you say?
Can you think why?
Well, I don't...
and there was no way to contact the sender of the messages.
I assumed it was related to Shugo...
and that's why I came to you for help.
Still at rest from messages of this type?
No, they kept coming to me for a while, but it's over now.
So, the only clue we have is this music box.
Let's see, what could it tell us, a music box with missing notes?
It can tell us something.
Look at this!
The tines of the drum are broken
and it doesn't look like they've been broken by continuous use,
it looks like they've been twisted and broken expressly.
You're right.
Surely this is all some sort of message!
Surely... The song is "Come, Spring."
At the end are the notes la, do, la.
A, C, A?
It's not like I'm a giant monster.
Do you know the words to the missing parts?
Let's see... Yes...
That part of the song that goes:
"Onmo y detai to matteiru."
Moderu... Model!
In Shugo is a model!
That's good!
With so much information we can go through all the modeling agencies.
We won't have to.
We'll finish sooner if we go talk to him directly.
Bobo, we can't do that.
We don't know where he is.
However, we have his pager number, right?
You can explain the situation to Inspector Takagi
and ask him to contact the phone company.
At least we might be able to find out the address.
Conan, you're a genius!
We've got the address and his phone number!
You're smarter than Shinichi!
Actually no, it's all done by Inspector Takagi.
(Think) "That's what I call abuse of authority."
Hey, Haruna, are you sure she told you to go see her?
Yes, but I don't think she was the person who answered my phone.
Her family knew that she often used the pager in Shugo.
So when I told them...
that I wanted to return the pager and the box to him,
they said to come whenever I wanted.
You must be eager to see what it's like in Shugo!
Yes, I am.
Excuse me!
It's me, Haruna!
(Woman) Yes!
Please come in.
Please come in.
Oh... well, I see you didn't come alone.
You can say we're your escorts.
(Boy) Mother, we'll talk about it later.
Shiro.
Well, the famous Haruna finally came.
Let's let her rest in the room for a while.

It must be said... he had always supported his grandfather.
His grandfather?
That's right.
But maybe you're offering him some incense first.
Did he... say incense? It can't be.
(Kogoro) In Shugo dead?
He died suddenly last year.
What a pity...
Had she worked as a model, in Shugo?
(Kogoro) How?
Of course, I guess not.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
By the way, where is it, the music box that my poor father entrusted to you?
Yes, this is it!
Here it is.
He told me it was worth a lot of money, and that's why I wanted to return it to him.
Ah... Thank you very much.
-Huh?
This melody...
(Man) "Come, Spring."
Tsuneo.
It's the tune mother used to play on the harp.
His mother... is this lady in the picture?
That's right...
The picture on the side is of Haruna, my mother.
-She died 3 years ago. -Haruna?
Three years ago?
You know what's wrong, Haruna?
I guess you reminded Grandpa a lot of Grandma, God rest her soul.
He was very happy like that.
He told everyone that Haruna was back.
Forgive me for being rude, but isn't it a little strange,
that a man of his age uses a pager?
No, after grandmother's death....,
he took to going out for walks late into the night.
We forced him to wear one so that we amoïnàvem...
By the way, there was...?
Do you know if there was something inside the music box?
-What kind of thing? -Well, well...
(Boy) Some stamps.
A set of 4 hand-engraved stamps,
valued at 200 million yen.
Minoru!
The only reason you came all this way,
is that Grandpa told you where he hid them...
and you've come to look for them, isn't it?
No, that's not why I came here.
At one time or another you'll take off the mask you're wearing.
You just relax and have a nice day, dear Haruna.
My goodness... Don't hold it against him.
He is angry because his company is not doing too well.
We thank you so much for coming home.
Why don't you stay and have dinner with us?
We'd like you to explain things about Grandpa.
(Thinking) "What did he mean, this man,
"about the 200 million yen stamps?"
"And what could the broken picks on the music box mean?"
"What secret must they hide?"
They've been asking him questions non-stop all dinner.
I feel sorry for Haruna.
And on top of that it's started to rain so much that we'll have to spend the night here.
Don't you think this is very strange? Yes, my boy.
Everyone except Shiro, the youngest son, is very strange.
That's not what I meant...
Look: the back of Mr. Shugo's burial plaque.
It says he died on December 6.
I don't find anything strange.
The Haruna said
she found the box on the last day of the Christmas holidays.
Yes.
If she told us the truth,
it wasn't Mr. Shugo, who gave her the music box,
but someone else.
Ooooh...
Well, let's forget all these unpleasant things and go to sleep.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ran, what's wrong, daughter?
An old man with a cane has come down the hall!
Who is it?!
There's no one out here. I saw him go to the left.
But, Ran, here to the left is only our room.
- (sliding doors) -What happened?
What happened?
Are you all right?
It's nothing.
My daughter thought she saw the shadow of a person.
A person?
The girls must have had a nightmare and imagined it.
No, I didn't imagine it!
The guests who came to the house again,
said that they had the impression that someone was passing by their pillow.
-So... it had happened before?
-Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
But today, in this house, we are the only ones here.
-By the way, where is he, Minoru?
-Not gone to bathe?
- (rumbling) -What's wrong?
What was that?
It sounded like the string of an instrument was breaking.
It came from the room where we have the mother's claw.
Come on, let's have a look!
Let's take a look!
Uh, hold on. Contact us.
Hold on. Contact us.
My... Minoru!
Minoru!
Minoru, don't die on us!
-Minoru! - (pager: beep-beep)
-Minoru, wake up!
-Minoru, hold on!
Eh ?!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
It's impossible!

What's the problem, Haruna?
What's the matter?
I can't believe it.
Ah!
Was I waiting for you?
What's that?
This means that the shadow of this old man we've seen...
and that thing that just happened
is from Mr. Shugo, the man who died!
You fool!
When a person dies, he can't do anything anymore!
Instead of wasting your time making stupid deductions,
call the police!
This could be murder.
Hey, wait.
-Now don't kill me before time. -Mi-Minoru.
Now, Minoru, what happened?
How should I know?
Someone came out of who knows where and hit me.
-You mean with this claw? -Surely.
Wow!
Isn't this the claw that grandma was so fond of?
Haruna, don't tell me...
don't tell me it's you, who attacked me!
No..., I wouldn't be able to.
You're wrong!
What?
When we heard the noise, we were all in Ran's room.
Weren't we?
-Huh?
Yes, we were.
-So who did it?
Why do you ask?
You saw him attacking her, didn't you?
What?
According to this mark, you were hit in the forehead!
This means that the assailant came at you from in front of you.
It was very dark and she could not see anything.
So, when you were attacked, the room was also dark?
That's right...
I heard a strange noise
and when I noticed the presence of someone it was already too late.
But isn't this strange? What do you mean?
What were you doing alone and totally in the dark?
What do you mean?
Yes?
Well, I...
-Germà. -Minoru?
Blessed!
I'm sure that Minoru has entered this room...
because he heard that there was someone!
And when she was about to turn on the lights,
this mysterious person has hit her with the harp!
Am I right?
Am I right?
Yes..., of course.
But, father, then how do you understand
the message from the Haruna's pager?
Ah, surely it's a message from one of her friends.
From a friend?
Yes, man.
Surely you had arranged to meet a friend tonight to go somewhere.
But you came here
and with all the commotion you forgot.
I mean, the message "I've been waiting for you"
must have been from your friend complaining.
Am I wrong, Haruna?
Yes, I am.
Because today I have not met with anyone.
Well, a lot has happened today and I don't blame you for forgetting.
Wait a minute!
And how do you explain the shadow of the big man we saw?
Ah, yes, it...
That was the person who attacked my brother.
I don't think an old man with a cane could lift such a heavy claw.
You are absolutely right!
This is true.
Even if this old man exists,
he can't have knocked Minoru unconscious.
Besides, the old man who has seen the Ran was going to the end of the corridor,
to hide in the last room.
But here, there we slept in Conan and me.
Are you insinuating that...?
This big man that you saw, surely...
Surely?
It was your imagination.
What?
As they say, "he who wants to see ghosts, will see in the end".
Stop the car, I've seen him!
You were so scared with the idea of seeing a ghost,
that you imagined you saw one!
But Father!
You should call the police anyway.
Madam, there is someone else in this house, and it's not a ghost!
Yes!
(Thinking) "He's right, in Kogoro?"
"Is someone hiding in some corner of this house?"
"If there is someone, what he wants is...?"
"From the looks of the room, it doesn't look like anything has been touched."
"Whoever it is, the assailant wanted to attack in Minoru.
"But this isn't Minoru's room.
"And I have a pretty good idea what he was doing here in the dark."
"But I wonder how and when the attacker realized what he was doing."
"And using the harp as a weapon..."
"Did the attacker have any reason to choose the claw to attack him?"
"Damn. There are so many unanswered questions..."
"And the shadow of the big man who has seen the Ran is another mystery."
"Really, is it a figment of your imagination?"
"And the last mystery is... the music box with missing notes!"
"I'm sure the music box is the key to an important secret."

"She will tell us where the thing is that the people of this house are looking for."
"She'll tell us where the stamps are hidden.
"Worth 200 million yen!"
Why are they, these 3 signs?
Ah, it means it's in the major.
In the major?
Uh, no, he gave me the music box last Christmas.
This is ridiculous!
The father died on December 6th of last year!
How can that be?
You're not telling us it was the father's ghost.
Co... Conan!
And the next episode: "A revealing music box (part two)

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

