The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows is unseen.
Today, ghosts, a pager, stamps and a music box.
Unconnected mysteries come together in a singular ending.
The truth comes out in the end!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "The Haruna Yuki asked us
"That we find her pager friend.
"Because she couldn't get in touch for returning the music box."
"But when we arrived at her friend's house, Mr. Shugo Ogata,
"We found out that he was already dead."
"At night, the Ran saw the suspicious shadow of an old man down the hallway."
"And on the other hand, someone attacked in Minoru."
"And the Haruna also received a mysterious message to the pager."
A MUSIC BOX revealer (PART TWO)
Eh ?!
You haven't found any evidence that someone broke in?!
No sir...
The rain left the ground soft,
but the fact is that we haven't found any footprints outside.
And even if someone had entered, there should be footprints.
But we didn't find anyone suspicious inside the house!
The only thing that worried us is that the back door was open, right?
-Yes. The back door?
The lock on this door is broken,
and when it's windy it opens.
Gee, gee, gee.
That does worry me a little bit.
Then why don't you go take a look?
If someone had come through this door,
shouldn't there be footprints on the floor?
Look at this, see?
It's very muddy.
It's really muddy.
There are no footprints.
If there were, maybe we could believe the story...
that Ran has seen the shadow of an old man, but there's nothing here.
I've already told you!
It wasn't my imagination!
Wow, oysters!
Can you move the car a little, please?
Yes, right away... Sorry for the inconvenience.
Anyway, we'll make a recapitulation of all the details...
and then we'll inspect the house.
Okay.
Miss, where did you see the suspicious shadow earlier?
Right here.
In this hallway.
It was here, and then it suddenly disappeared down there at the end.
He must have been hiding in this room.
No, this room was occupied by me, and I would have noticed it, officer.
But I saw it!
I saw the shadow cast on the door of this room.
I saw it too!
Excuse me, whose room is this, this room?
Ah, this is our room.
When the girls saw the shadow,
you and your wife were here, in this room?
No, we were in the kitchen, with our son Shiro.
Ouch!
Eh?
You've already found the intruder?!
No, I didn't say "Ah!".
I said "Ouch!".
I stepped on this metal clip that was on the floor.
A paper clip, you say?
- (knock) Always the same.
How many times do I have to tell you not to get in the way?!
Let me continue.
In Minoru, what you have attacked, was it also with you in the kitchen?
No, we thought he had gone to take a bath.
Can you explain to me what you were doing, all 3 of you in the kitchen?
I remember Shiro was scolding us.
She was telling us that we've been very rude to her, bombarding us with questions.
bombarding us with questions.
Bombarding her with questions?
No, it's just that Mr. Shugo, the late head of this family,
and I were pager friends
and they wanted to know what things we talked about and stuff like that.
Yes, all 3 of them, including Minoru....,
they were practically interrogating her like she was a criminal!
Ah, but it didn't bother me in the least.
Relax.
I explained to them that the great interest in stamps that I had in Shugo
I ended up making a collection myself.
And I've been able to remember a lot of good things.

Speaking of stamps, in Minoru has talked about some hand-engraved stamps....
valued at 200 million yen.
Do you know where the hell he's gone?
It's possible that these valuable stamps
are related to what happened.
I think it's in Minoru's room.
(Kogoro) What?
They disappeared?
Yes, that's right!
Grandpa had a huge collection,
but these were the most impressed.
We made an estimate of what they would bring us
and we bought a lot of things.
Did you say "we did"?
Yes, mother and father were also aware.
Some of it.
Yes?
What do you want?
Your room is the next one there?
Yes.
Why is that?
Then whose room is it... the room on the other side?
That was Grandpa's and Grandma's room.
Well then, it must be that... What's the matter?
(Thinking) "I knew it."
"This is the room where Minoru was attacked!"
"This means that the rooms have this layout."
"Eh? I think I know how he did it. I've already figured out the set-up!"
"The only mystery to be solved is whose shadow it is.
"And why the music box is missing notes."
"I've written down all the notes of the song.
"Listening to another music box,
"But I don't quite know what's what."
Wow, this is the music to that song, "Come, Spring!"
How did you get it?
It's for music class homework.
Let-me-la!
I'll write it down for you properly!
Hey, come back-me-la!
Let's see...
Let's...
(Think) "Ran..."
Ah... What's wrong with you?
It's nothing.
It's nothing.
It's nothing...
It's got, I think it's well written now!
"It's as good as I suspected."
Excuse me something, Ran.
Why are these 3 signs?
It means it's in the major.
(Thinking) "In the major? I get it!"
If anything happens again, call us right away.
Yes, thank you very much.
The mystery remains the same:
we still don't know if it was a thief or a ghost.
Excuse me, has anyone seen Conan?
I haven't seen him for a while.
(Thinking) "My goodness, it's so simple!"
"Now I've got it, I've figured it all out."
"I already know the identity of the ghost in the house.
"I know who sent the mysterious message to the pager.
"And what does it mean that the music box is missing notes."
"And, Mr. Shugo, I know where to hide those valuable stamps."
"All I have to do is put Kogoro to sleep as usual and..."
Hey, you.
I'm sick and tired of telling you to stay out of everywhere!
Come on, let's go home!
Eh?
Let's go home?
Ah, but I found something very interesting.
What is it?
Look, it's that!
(Kogoro) What should I look at? (Kogoro) Look.
A little more to the right!
To the right, you say?
Aaaaah...!
Oooooh... another cooooop...
Father?
(Kogoro voice) Sure..., now I understand everything.
Eh?
Ran, tell everyone who comes!
Yes, Father!
Wait, bring me some black paper,
some scissors and tape.
Tell us where he is.
You have found the thief, haven't you?
(Kogoro voice) A thief?!
There has been no thief, here.
You must not want us to believe that it was the ghost of the father.
Of course not, there hasn't been any ghost either....
All of the strange events that have taken place here today
were orchestrated by one of you!
-Huh? -Oh!
-What? -Huh?!
But other ghostly things have also happened on other days.
Other days?
Yes, I'm talking about when Mr. Shugo gave the box to Haruna.
Eh?
She has explained it to us a lot of times!
What grandfather gave her the music box a couple of Christmases ago.
He gave it to me last Christmas.
No, he gave it to me last Christmas.
That's impossible!
He died on December 6th of last year!
It can't be!
And on top of that, he was hospitalized since that very spring...
and he was in no condition to go anywhere.
Hey, hey, what the hell is going on here?
(Kogoro voice) It's very simple.
Someone played Mr. Shugo
and left the bag containing the box next to Haruna,
while she waited for him in front of the statue of Hachiko.
Didn't I get it right, Shiro?
-Shiro, did you do it?

-Is it true?
Shiro, answer!
He asked me to do it... Grandfather asked me to do it.
He said, "When I'm admitted, take care of this girl."
"She reminds me of your grandmother and she's lonely."
So, you sent me all those messages?
Yes.
I was communicating with you instead of my grandfather.
In fact, I tried to tell you the truth...
when I saw you that Christmas,
but when you were there, right...,
"with that red scarf around your neck that set you apart..,
"You looked so excited that I didn't have the heart to tell you."
But how did you know it was me?
I realized from the start that the box had been given to him by you.
Then you came to greet us at the door.
It's not true... It can't be true.
When you saw Haruna, you put your hand on her shoulder and said, "Let her rest in the box:
Let her rest in the room for a while....
I had always supported grandfather.
At that time we had not yet introduced ourselves,
and Ran, who is the same age as her, was also there.
On the other hand, you already knew which one of them was the Haruna....,
even though you had only spoken on the phone.
So it occurred to me that you must have been the one...
who gave her the music box.
You threw your claw at me
because you didn't like that we gave him the third degree!
No, it wasn't me!
Ran, turn off the lights!
What?
Hurry up!
Yes, father!
What's that?
Co-Conan!
Conan?
Where have you gone, Conan?
(Conan voice) Ran, I'm here, Ran! How did you get in here?
I've been here all the time!
Yes, I just saw your shadow cast on the door.
Can you take a look at the glass in the hallway?
What am I supposed to see?
What am I supposed to see?
Why are you...?
This is...
There's black paper stuck to the glass.
It's in the shape of your silhouette.
I put it there so that Kogoro asked me to do it!
So, the old man who has seen the Ran was only a...
(Kogoro voice) That's right!
The Ran has seen a Chinese shadow.
It sticks the silhouette of an old clipping on a black paper
the glass of the corridor.
And when a car approaches from the back alley,
the light from the headlights passes through the half-open back door
and the shadow made with paper is cast on the door of the room.
Yes, when I saw the old man's shadow I felt a noise.
The noise made by the car as it drove down the street in the wet.
Using this setup,
you don't have to be present when the old man appears.
Shiro, it could also be your doing.
I already told you, I was right here.
Just like when you were attacked.
You might as well have done it while you were here.
It's a trap for idiots, made with fishing line and a paper clip.
By idiots?
The person who caused all this commotion...
hung the harp from the ceiling of your grandfather's room...
and dropped it.
Minoru, you snuck into the room to examine the harp,
and you accidentally bumped into it.
You don't know what is being said.
Why would I want to examine the harp?
Because the Haruna said that "Come, Spring" was playing in the box.
And since it was your grandmother's favorite song
and she was always playing it on the harp,
you thought it was likely that the hand-engraved stamps...
were hidden inside the claw.
But even if the claw fell on him from the ceiling,
I don't see how it could have knocked him unconscious.
The distance between him and the ceiling was too short.
Besides, to look inside the claw, I would have turned on the lights.
But when we arrived, the lights were off.
Do you remember?
It's not that Minoru didn't turn on the lights,
it's that he couldn't do it.
With the system that the culprit has devised,
he lifted the switch of the lamp to the edge of the ceiling,
and in the dark, he couldn't tell where the switch was.
So he had to bend down
and feel around the area where the claw is normally located
to take it back to his room.
Then he heard the noise
the ropes rubbing against the fishing line,
he looked up and the huge instrument fell on him.
Brother.
All right, he's right.
He's right.
He has discovered me!
But how did you do it, to drop the claw?
(Kogoro voice) Ah, it's a very simple system.
First you take an extremely long fishing line.

"Then it is passed through the winch of the lamp cord,
"and the two ends are passed under the strings of the harp,
"which is placed temporarily on the cabinet."
"Then, the two ends of the thread are thrown over the partitions
"And are passed through the rooms of Shiro,
"Minoru's and Mr. and Mrs. Ogata's,
"until they reach the room where Ran and Haruna are."
"So that the thread doesn't make a belly, they tie the two heads together....
"And fasten them with the clip between two doors."
"Finally the claw has to be lifted up to the ceiling."
The assailant had only to open the girls' door
and make the harp fall.
Wait, you don't mean to tell us that...
Yes.
The person who made the phantom assembly
is the person who opened that door.
Kazuko..., it was you, wasn't it?
-The... the mother? -But why?
Because I didn't want the Haruna to go looking for the seals.
What?
I'm convinced that she set up the booby-trap
while we were having dinner, when she went to prepare the rooms.
"And when she heard Ran and Haruna's screams, she came running and opened the door,
"she came running over and opened the door,
"which caused the claw to fall."
"Then, as they all ran to Mr. Shugo's room,
"He took out the black paper he had taped to the window...
"And sent a message to the Haruna's pager...
"To scare her."
He wanted to prevent Haruna from returning for a visit and drive her away forever.
But what did he do, from the meters of fishing line,
after dropping the claw?
When we got to Grandpa's room, the mother was behind us.
She didn't have time to take off the paper and to take out the son.
(Conan voice) Well, yes.
Because she had a great help!
It's right behind the Ran.
(Conan voice) Eh?
The fan?
I am convinced that the lady has cut the two ends of the thread
and has stretched one from this room
using an adhesive tape.
See?
He has stuck it behind the blades!
Yes, I see it!
All he had to do was start up the fan
and then it would automatically pick up the thread.
I still find that hard to believe.
How did you come up with something so complicated while we were having dinner?
Can you explain it to me, please?
It's no big deal.
The yarn is an idea
I got from our kids' pranks when they were little.
And the old man's silhouette?
I remembered a guest we had,
"It was thought that some leaves that were stuck to the window
were the shadow of a person.
The Haruna scared me.
She said she also collected stamps
and that she wanted to come back to us again.
Ah... you sent me the messages telling me I was a thief?
Yes, it was me.
I'm sorry, Haruna.
Mother, how could you?
You broke grandmother's claw because of this nonsense?
Ah, I don't care.
It can be broken for me.
But, woman...
I'm going to pawn the real harp
and I replaced it with a much cheaper one.
"My new kitchen, your new car, the computer in Minoru..."
We were so far in debt that it was the only solution.
So you can assume that we could sell the music box.
But I had it appraised...
and they told me it was a souvenir with no monetary value.
Eh?
Grandpa said he was giving it to me...
to thank me for impersonating him..,
and he said that a person who knew what he was looking for...
would realize it was worth 200 million.
Eh?
Two hundred million?
That music box?
He bought it as a souvenir when he went to the hot springs.
Grandpa made a fool out of you, little brother.
(Kogoro voice) The music box by itself is worthless,
it's the missing notes that matter.
In Japan we use the musical scale of do-re-mi
and also the native i-ro-ha scale.
The missing notes are la, do, la,
which if we convert them into the native scale, they are equivalent to y, ha, y.
-Ihai?
-The mortuary plate?
-It can't be!
-It can't be!
It can't be!
Ooh!
-We've got them! -The stamps!
Thank God for them!
(All at once) Viva!
Viva!
Viva!
Viva!
We have found them!
What's going on here?
Thank you so much, really!
Now I can buy our claw!
-Thanks to you!
-Hey, how do you say, you?

Well, uh... the truth is... I say Kogoro Mouri.
-At Kogoro Mouri? -The famous private detective?
Yes, the same one!
Why didn't you say so before?!
We would have asked him to look for the seals!
-At Minoru he wouldn't have taken it wrong! -Yeah, ya...
(Think) "He-he-he.... What a selfish family."
Watch out!
A bump?
It's not a very big bump.
Why do you make such a big deal out of such a small thing?
But Sonoko warned me.
I could have prevented it!
And so could he.
And the next Conan: "The Invisible Weapon."
Ran's first case.

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

