The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Today we solve the case of the cars.
I've never seen anything like it before.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "The first prize of the residents' association
"It consisted of a free hotel night in Izu."
"The owner of the hotel was a car lover.
"Who was opening an exhibition the day after our arrival."
"The guests at the opening, but,
"were the former owners of the cars on display.
"And they were very unhappy."
"In the evening, the owner went out for a drive with the car....
"And the next morning we found it dead!"
THE CAR TRAP, (PART TWO)
How do you see it?
What do you say, doctor?
Death was caused by carbon monoxide intoxication.
contained in the exhaust fumes.
The estimated time of death is between 9 and 10 am.
Yes, I spoke to him on his cell phone a little after 9:00.
Really?
And what was his voice?
Was it normal?
It sounded like he was in pain.
He was saying things like "Where have I gone?"
or "I'm in the dark",
all nonsense.
The carbon monoxide must have made him delirious.
So, the victim died right after the call.
Hey, Inspector Yokomizo.
This means, without a doubt...,
Mr. Teraizumi was here before 9 o'clock, right?
-Of course, kid.
-By the way, Mouri...
Look at the driver's window.
Why do you think it was open?
Survival instinct!
He must have opened it in desperation when he couldn't take it anymore and felt he was drowning.
Yes, but in spite of that, he died anyway.
Yes.
Maybe when he opened it, it was too late.
Oh!
(He thinks) "And this liquid?"
"It runs out in a straight line..."
(Man) Hey, nano.
(Man) Eh?
What are you doing, snooping around?
This is police business.
Excuse me, but this sticky stain has caught my attention.
It's a tar stain that forms when gasoline doesn't burn properly.
It comes out of the exhaust pipe.
It often happens with old cars.
Well, this one looks brand new.
Yes, because it's been perfectly preserved and you can hardly notice it.
What's the matter?
What did you see?
This car was recently in an accident.
The headlight on the right has a crack and we found fibers.
(Think) "A crack and fibers?"
All right, let's get to work.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Now, if it's all right with you,
we'll start the interrogation with Mr. Sagara.
All right, then.
That's me.
Okay.
Could you explain how you found the victim, please?
I arrived with the car a little after 10:00.
and when I was about to park it, I almost crashed.
It was pretty foggy, though.
Then I looked at the car.
And I saw that in Teraizumi was inside, not moving at all.
It looked like he was sleeping.
That's good.
Anything else, Mr. Sagara?
Man, I was surprised to see everyone out there;
it was still too early.
Uh... Yeah, this was my fault.
What do you mean, your fault?
Suddenly, she started screaming like crazy and we went outside.
The fog was so thick that I got scared when I heard the security guard's voice.
when I heard the security guard's voice.
I get it.
By the way, we assume that Mr. Teraizumi...
we assume that, coming back from a walk...,
he stayed in the car with the engine running
and died as a result of carbon monoxide inhalation.
Does anyone know why he wanted to stay in the car with the engine running?
The man loved this car more than anything else in the world.
Just yesterday he was telling me...

The rest of the cars are all in place.
I suggest you put yours.
Yes, yes, but wait a bit, do not overwhelm me.
This car is my friend, I want to spend some time!
Once inside, I won't be able to take it out whenever I feel like it.
That's why it must have been hard for him to get away
and it took him so many hours to get back.
That makes sense.
He must have fallen asleep afterwards because he was tired.
Mr. Teraizumi was really looking forward to the opening.
And he won't be able to see it anymore.
Come on, stop making comedy, Kuroiwa.
Tell the truth, man, you've taken a load off your mind.
-I don't... I don't know what you're talking about! -Now don't play the fool, Kuroiwa.
We all know that Teraizumi was planning to fire you!
He wanted to fire you?
Is this true?
Yes, it's true.
He was going to fire me, but I didn't mean him any harm!
Not like this whole bunch of fools!
What do you mean by this, explain!?
They couldn't see it.
Mr. Teraizumi had confiscated their cars
because they owed him money.
And he also received a threat.
What are you talking about?
A threat?
Yes, but that was a childish thing to do.
Look, look, look.
This could indicate a murder, but...
Murder?
How can you kill someone with carbon monoxide?
Come on, inspector.
I don't know, Mouri, but...
Inspector Yokomizo.
Mr. Mouri always says that the most important thing is alibis, right?
You're absolutely right!
What do you say, gentlemen?
When Mr. Mouri called Teraizumi, he was still alive, wasn't he?
After the call, we were together all the time.
Yes, all except for Mr. Sagara and Suguro,
who just happens to be right behind us.
What?
As you say?
Oh, but if... but I've only gone out for...
"To prepare for the opening,
"And it's been five minutes, from 10:00 to 10:05."
That's when we heard Ran's scream and ran over here.
No one can have died in 5 minutes!
That's impossible!
Yes.
This is true.
Mr. Sagara, you went for a drive in your car, didn't you?
Yes, that's right,
and he found Mr. Teraizumi's body!
Sagara!
So, it was you.
No!
I didn't kill him!
Yesterday I overheard a conversation from Mr. Sagara on the phone saying:
(Sagara) Quiet, leave it to me!
The inauguration will take place tomorrow at 3 o'clock.
Today is the last chance.
That's right, don't suffer.
Everything as planned, okay?
How do you explain it, Mr. Sagara?
Well..., it's just that a friend has lent me some money and...
Another loan?
Yes.
I wanted to pay Teraizumi and get the car back.
But it wasn't enough, just to pay him back:
I wanted to throw the bills in his face during the inauguration...
and make him look bad in front of everyone.
So I went to Tokyo to get the money.
Call my friend, he will be able to corroborate all this.
So, in short, everyone has a more or less credible alibi.
Maybe yes, it was an accident, well...
If I may, Inspector...
I would like to expose the Dino, in memory of Mr. Teraizumi.
Of course.
At the crime scene we have already finished, you can take the car.
Thank you very much, inspector!
(Thinking) "If it wasn't in Sagara..."
"Oh! But of course, last night..."
Come on, finish the preparations... Mr. Kuroiwa, listen.
Mm?
What do you want, boy?
The lab technician told me...
that the Ferrari's right headlight has a crack.
What?
I beg your pardon?
Really?!?
No way!
It didn't have it yesterday.
If the gentleman had given him a blow,
he would have called us right away because he would have been reprimanded.
(Think) "I knew it."
"In Teraizumi he stung against something on his way back."
"But... how did he kill her, the killer?"
What ?!
What do you mean?!
Are you sure about that?
Yes, I checked the parking lot a little before 10 o'clock,
and the gentleman's car was gone, I'm absolutely sure.
But it was very foggy, maybe he didn't see it.
No, I have a very good view of the cars.
I recognize them all.
There was another one in the parking lot.
What did you say?
A-another car?!

Yes... In the fog I couldn't see it, but I could have sworn it was gray.
And I've never heard the engine before,
I doubt it belonged to any of the hotel's regulars.
So this car's engine was running?
Yes, and it wasn't the Ferrari's, which would have recognized it.
What does it all mean?
Inspector Yokomizo.
Come with me.
What's the matter?
(Think) "I know!"
Mr. Noda, by any chance, when the car...
What?
Who in Sagara has done what!?
He said he settled the debt
and that he had the right to get his car back.
Wow... We can't be in so many places at once!
Let's go, let's go!
Yes, sir!
How did you know that, boy?
You mean I got it right, then? Just the wood, yes sir.
(thinks) "That explains it all!"
"I know why the tar stain is cut in a straight line."
"And why there was a gray car in the parking lot!"
"I also have an explanation for the headlight crack and the fibers!"
"I have all the answers. The killer... it's him!"
-Stop immediately, Sagara! -You can't take him away!
And why, can't I?!
I've already paid what I owed!
I'll take the car at any cost!
Just a moment, Sagara!
Wait a minute, Sagara!
(Yokomizo) What the hell's going on, here?!?
It's a good thing you came.
Sagara insists on taking the car at all costs.
The car must stay here until we solve the case.
What do you mean?
Wasn't it an accident?
What's the matter?
Yes.
Well... it certainly might not have been.
Has there been anything new?
(Flow) When the security guard checked the parking lot,
a little before 10 o'clock,
instead of the Dino in Teraizumi,
he saw a gray car parked in the same place!
What?
Well then... Oh, noooooo....
What's wrong with it?
That you are not feeling well? Mouri!
What's he doing?
(Kogoro voice) Just unraveled, Inspector Yokomizo.
What you say confirms my suspicions.
What I say...
Mr. Teraizumi's death was not an accident,
but a premeditated murder!
Inspector Yokomizo, before explaining the crime,
I'd like you to prepare something for me.
You will say.
What do you need?
First of all, I want you to notify Mr. Noda.
-Go to him.
-Yes! -Yes!
And one more thing: I need a plastic cover, if possible.
One of those covers that are used to cover the vehicles
when they're stationary for a while.
-A vehicle protector.
-We can find one.
I heard that your car is always covered with one of these covers?
Yes, sir.
Is that so?
Well, could you bring it to us, please?
Sure, of course.
I'll take it right away.
(Kogoro voice) Now that we have everything, we can begin, gentlemen.
When Mr. Teraizumi has returned to the hotel,
the assassin gave him a very powerful tranquilizer
to put her into a deep sleep,
put her in the Ferrari and left her there with the engine running.
It could not have been me, then, Mr. Mouri.
When I went to Tokyo early this morning, he had not returned!
As I told you, you can call my friend.
-I wouldn't be so sure.
-How not?
Because no one has seen Mr. Teraizumi come back.
So, how do you prove... that he wasn't there yet?
when you went to Tokyo to see your friend?
Are you insinuating that...?!?
Calm down, calm down.
May I remind you, detective Mouri, that security officer Noda claims...
that Mr. Teraizumi's car wasn't in the parking lot
when he made his rounds, before he found the body.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, I know.
But it was, when he made the rounds.
I don't understand.
He says there was a gray car.
Yes, and this car... was Mr. Teraizumi's Ferrari!
What's that?
How can it be!?
In any case... Mr. Noda would have identified the engine.
Yes.
And that wasn't the Ferrari's engine.
It was another car!
I'm sure of that.
Very well, Inspector Yokomizo,
start the Ferrari's engine, please.
Right away.
Sir, sir.
The Ferrari's engine is running.
Very well, sir.
What does Noda tell me?
No.
It's not the engine I heard this morning in the parking lot.
(Kogoro voice) Very well.
And now, Yokomizo...,

we should cover the Dino with the vehicle protector.
Eh?
You mean... with the cover? Yes.
And now, Noda?
Escort me very carefully.
Understood.
(Engine: muffled sound)
(Engine: muffled sound) Oh!
It is this one!
It's the engine I heard!
Are you sure?
But why do you cover the car with this protector?
Ah!
Now I fall!
So, the window...!
That's why the window was open.
That's why the window was open.
Because this way, the fumes would get into the car!
Once he had Mr. Teraizumi asleep,
"The killer rolled down the window and covered the car."
Then he tightened the plastic so that the fumes would stay inside.
(At the same time) eeeeh ?!
Do you remember what Mr. Teraizumi said when I called her?
In case your memory fails you, I do.
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Teraizumi?
It's me, in Mouri...
Where have you been?
We're waiting for you here.
"Where... Where am I? I-I-I-I'm... in the dark."
In the dark?
Of course you are!
He said he was in the dark
because the car was covered with the car cover!
Here it is!
Listen to me: the gases released from the exhaust pipe...
from the combustion of the engine,
have been entering the car through the crack of the open window...
and caused his death by asphyxiation.
The murderer waited, went back to the car and took out the cover.
It was the end of the crime that he thought was perfect.
But two things happened that he could not foresee!
What things?
Speak, Mr. Mouri!
What do you know?
On the one hand, Mr. Noda saw the car covered with the cover...
It was a coincidence, that it was in the parking lot at that time, right?
Yes, I went there...
because Kuroiwa asked me to look for Mr. Teraizume.
On the other hand, there's Ran's scream.
My scream?
Yes.
The murderer had gone to remove the cover.
"But he got scared when he heard the scream."
"And that's why he left the window open!"
That is to say, the murderer is the one who arrived last where Ran was.
And this was you, Suguro!
Your... Suguro!
(laughs) But what are you saying?
Just because I was the first to arrive when the scream was felt,
doesn't make me a murderer.
Suguro, can you tell us how you stained your pants?
Eh?
It's the wine you poured on me yesterday.
Yes, sir;
but afterwards, when you came to our room,
you told us that...
I apologize that my father stained it.
I apologize again.
Don't suffer, it was nothing.
I changed right away.
How come you've put your dirty pants back on today?
You don't have to do anything.
The headlight of the Ferrari was cracked.
"And they found fibers!"
"When Mr. Teraizumi came back this morning," he said,
"You made him stop and he took a hit."
That's when he stained his pants, isn't it?
This is all just conjecture.
And you, Mr. Noda.
When you saw the gray car,
why didn't you go to see whose car it was?
Because Suguro asked me to check if the foyer...
That's a lie!
Lift up the cover that covers Suguro's car
and check the exhaust pipe.
You should find a stain right underneath!
It's been a while already.
That's right!
There is a black stain as you say, Mr. Mouri!
At the scene of the crime a stain was found
of tar coming out of the Ferrari's exhaust pipe.
"A stain that ended in a straight line,
"as if there had been something on the ground."
I'm sure, when you analyze it,
you'll see that the composition of the stains is the same.
What do you have to tell us, Suguro?
Do you insist on defending your innocence?
All right, I've been found out!
I'm dead, that fiend!
The Dino.
The Dino was... it was my car!
And he took me!
He was a bad person!
A man died... because of a car?
Don't you think that's enough, Inspector?!
I'm not as broke as these fools!
That car was going to be scrapped, do you understand?
And I was on food
and I worked day and night to leave it as it is now.
And that leech...
Oysters, oysters!
Even Eri likes young men, now...
Ma... Mother...
I can't find the father!
It's neither in our room nor in the room of the other 3!
What's the matter...?
Pa... Father?!

"In Kogoro Mouri is the suspect, (part 1)"

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

