The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows is unseen.
In Kogoro he is the suspect and has a very serious problem.
He can only be saved by a certain person.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!
(Girls: laugh)
(Off) "We were at a hotel in Karuizawa
"And we met Eri Kisaki, who had gone with some companions."
"In the evening, in Kogoro he got drunk....
"And when we saw that he had not returned to his room, we went looking for him."
"Then we discovered the dead body of the Ritsuko."
"Moreover, we found Kogoro asleep in that room."
"Naturally, they considered him to be the prime suspect.
"and he was taken to the police station for questioning."
"We stayed behind."
Mother, didn't you go to Father because you wanted to examine these things?
Sure, silly.
I assure you I know him much better than you do.
And yes, I was angry.
But I know perfectly well that in Kogoro is incapable of murdering anyone.
Kogoro will move IS SUSPICIOUS, (PART TWO)
"I'm sorry, say I'll pay anyway."
Sounds rather strange, that what he says.
It sounds like there was some money issue between two lawyers.
I know for a fact that the Ritsuko, the victim,
and Mr. Hayashi had never met.
Besides, she had not yet told him about him,
so it was impossible for them to have made a financial deal.
I think so too!
Mr. Hayashi, who was supposed to work with Miss Ritsuko, would want to contact her as soon as possible,
would want to contact her as soon as possible.
So he asked Mr. Shiozawa where he could find her.
Judging by the note we found in the wastebasket....
and from the testimony of the hotel workers..,
they were to meet tomorrow at two o'clock.
But how do you understand the note on the door?
Eh?
I know you.
You were with Mrs. Yukiko Kudo when I worked on another case.
(Thinking) "I knew I've seen him before."
"It's that incompetent police investigator."
Ah..., inspector, but what is he doing here?
Karuizawa is from Nagano Prefecture, isn't it?
Yes, but this place is next to Gunma.
You say... you've seen Yukiko and this boy before?
Yes, Mrs. Yukiko's husband met her later.
They caused us a lot of trouble by interrupting our investigations!
Especially this little boy.
But... but in the end the culprit was that grumpy man, wasn't it?
Uh..., yes.
I think so.
Inspector Yamamura!
Are you sure, what you're saying?!
Eh?
Madam..., I'm sorry to have told you,
but everything indicates that your husband is the murderer!
What?!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Your fingerprints are on the telephone cord
that the victim was killed with!
Witnesses have testified that your husband was very drunk and that he was coming on to Miss Usui!
and that he was coming on to Miss Usui!
For all these reasons, I'm sure he is the murderer!
Wait a minute.
Doesn't he listen when they talk to him?
On my husband's hands there were no marks from the telephone wire!
He is a renowned private detective!
Ten know how to avoid having marks on his hands.
But just because he was drunk doesn't mean....
I think the real motive must be his job.
He sees mutilated bodies almost every day
and suddenly he's decided he wanted to commit a crime too!
Oh, how scary!
Wow, how scary!
"What a mess..."
"If this good-for-nothing runs the case, he'll go head first to jail in Kogoro."
Hey!
I found something strange by the door!
Look, it's here.
Here, huh...?
If you meant the thread, I gave it to the police technicians.
A thread?
Yes.
I found it right here.

It was about 3 centimeters long and one end had a knot in it.
It was on the floor, next to a link of the door chain.
So, did you get a good look at the chain link?
Yes, that's right.
On the ring that was on the floor I saw a very strange mark.
"Eh? So..."
Yes.
It is very clear that they have made a set-up to close the door.
A... A set-up?
But there is something...
(thinks) "Yes..., there is a proof!"
"The murderer has strangled the victim with the cable...
"And left the cell phone behind the door."
"We also know why they hung the 'do not disturb' with the note.
"And who the murderer is."
"But we don't have any proof!"
Ran, pretty, even though you have that minidisc I gave you?
Do you?
Yes, I have it here.
Can I borrow it?
I'm unable to think clearly, if I don't listen to music.
"What I can't quite figure out is that stranger at the door."
What's the matter?
You can't hear anything.
There's no music on this record.
What?
It can't be.
Watch out, you're touching the record button! Ouch!
I'm sorry...
The minidisc I have in my office is only used for recording...
But mother!
"Unintentionally? Wait a minute."
"I'm sure it was on the table. I'm sure."
"Yes, I'm sure..."
"I get it, he left that note for exactly this reason!"
Conan, don't do that!
Don't climb on the chairs with your shoes on!
I'm really hungry, Ran.
Sometimes you act like an old person
and sometimes like a child!
It's just that I'm starving.
I'm starving.
We'll order something for room service later.
Eh?
What... what did you just say?
Hey, Saku.
How'd it go?
How are things at the station?
It seems that Mr. Mouri was so drunk
he doesn't remember why he was in Ritsuko's room.
Even the police can't believe he's the suspect.
Everything is at a standstill.
I get it.
Kisaki, I hate to have to tell you this,
but your husband is the only one who could have done it.
Ritsuko's room was locked from the inside!
And Mr. Mouri was sleeping in the bed.
This definitely makes it suspicious.
There is also the problem of how he murdered her.
If he had pushed her when he was drunk
and the girl had struck a fatal blow against something,
it would have been considered an accidental death,
but he strangled her with the phone cord.
That's exactly right.
If he is charged with the murder and rape counts,
he faces a minimum sentence of 10 years or life in prison.
And there is the possibility of the death penalty.
Mother, how can you talk this way!
Didn't you say someone else killed her?!
Oh, what?
I guess I was wrong, child.
Ah, Kisaki, what did you want to ask me?
Go ahead.
Yes...
There's something I don't quite understand,
and maybe you could give me your opinion.
Your specialty is criminal law, isn't it?
You'd know more about this kind of thing.
Yes, I do.
-Well, let's go! -But Kisaki...
Mother!
Hey, what do you think will happen in that trial?
I'm talking about the case of the company accused of industrial pollution.
Do you want me to take care of it?
What's it like?
It's not my specialty,
and at most I could get both sides to settle.
- (cell phone: beep-beep) Ah, the phone.
Excuse me, can you go to the room?
I'll be right back.
Yes, of course.
Let's see... where was he, his room?
What?
You guys!
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
Ah... Hello, Mr. Saku!
Eh? (Doorbell: ding-dong)
Are you alone, kid?
Eh, yes!
The police haven't been gone long!
What did you come here for?
The Kisaki said she wanted to talk to me.
I guess she wanted to talk to you about the 3-centimeter piece of thread
we found with the chain link that was on the floor.
I heard him talk about it!
The thread could be used to make the door look closed!
This is ridiculous, the chain was well placed,
so I had to force the door open to get in.
And how could you close a door with such a short piece of thread?
What if the chain was cut from the beginning?
Eh?

"What if the thread is used to link the two cut ends of the chain?"
What if the broken ring that was on the floor was placed in a strategic place
in a strategic place so that it would be hidden when the door was opened?
Does it follow me well?
Yes..., and after that,
when the door is opened by force, the thread breaks...,
the pieces of chain separate,
and we all have the delusive illusion that the door was locked
inside with the chain.
Did we get it right, Saku?
Didn't we?
The assembly of the chain is very good for you.
But what the hell are you talking about?
Mr. Mouri was asleep in the room.
If it had occurred to him to get up and take out the chain,
the plan would have gone down the drain.
That's why you strangled the Ritsuko with the phone cord,
so the phone wouldn't ring.
"Then you put the cell phone next to the door, away from the bed."
"And then you hung up the 'do not disturb'.
"Because no one would ever think of calling, right?"
And all this, because my husband slept soundly.
And if so, I'm sure of one thing:
"That you put his cell phone behind the door so that he would feel."
"When it rang from the hallway so we would know he was inside."
If I hadn't called his cell phone, you would have, I'm sure.
Hm... Brilliant development, lawyer Kisaki,
you know what you're talking about.
But it would be wiser of you not to defend Mr. Mouri.
You have no proof of what you say and your resume would be tarnished.
I only have a good resume due to a run of good luck.
It's about time it was over,
so at least I'll be relieved of the pressure.
But unfortunately, my good luck continues to pull.
Do you want to know why, dear Saku?
Because you have confessed everything...
since you've set foot in this room!
It's very curious, that you knew this was her room, isn't it?
Wh-why shouldn't I know?
There's Hayashi rice outside the room... Eh...
Gee, how did you know it was Hayashi rice?
Ah, it's just that...
That's right...
The doorbell probably rang while you were still in the room,
working on the door chain after killing Ritsuko.
"And when you looked through the peephole, you saw the waiter outside."
"And you also saw on the table the note with the word 'Hayashi' and a 2."
"You lost your temper and threw the sheet in the wastebasket, didn't you?"
"You were afraid that she had ordered food from room service."
"So, to keep the waiter from ringing the bell again.
"You wrote another note saying you'd pay anyway,
"to imply that the food would be taken away,
"And you hung up the 'do not disturb'."
You've done these things, that's why you knew about the rice.
No, I saw it by chance.
I saw the bellboy in front of the door holding the tray with the plates...
and he looked upset...
That's how I knew it was his room.
I hate to tell you this,
but the note was about a meeting I had with Mr. Hayashi.
You've seen the note next to the list of dishes on the menu,
you jumped to false conclusions...
"And you thought it referred to Hayashi rice."
But I said "Hayashi rice"?
I meant that I knew which room he was in
because I looked at the number.
You didn't notice?
Look.
The chain on this door is not cut, you see?
Eeeh ?!
Look, Saku, we've made a rather sudden request at the hotel...
to let us use this room.
In fact, Ritsuko's room is two floors down.
Therefore, if you are not the murderer...
you couldn't have known that the room is this one.
I'm sorry that I stopped you in this trap,
but... when I realized that you are the murderer,
I had to be a little naughty, or you shouldn't have ratted.
You know what?
I seem to understand them now.
I know how they must feel, the prosecutors, when they confront you.
But how do you think you'll convince him, the prosecutor?
You're the only one who has seen me enter this room.
Besides, you're Mr. Mouri's family.
Your testimony won't count.
Ah, but it turns out that I'm not the only witness.
You must not be referring to this boy.
I'm not the only one either!

Aren't you the only one, Inspector?
Exactly, exactly, we've seen it all!
We've seen it through the peephole of the other rooms.
Isn't that right, guys?!
(At the same time) Yes, indeed!
(At the same time) We've seen everything!
And we also have it all on video, Inspector Yamamura.
Ah..., I get it.
But this whole thing was this guy's idea.
Hey, Saku,
the case Ritsuko was working on was a motive to kill her?
Yes.
The village that suffers from that contamination is where I grew up.
I really wanted them to win the case.
In fact, I intended to drug Ritsuko in the hallway...
and after she fell asleep I wanted to close the door...
and make it look like she had committed suicide.
"But I found Mr. Mouri sleeping in his bed,
"And no one should have believed that she had committed suicide.
"after inviting a man into her room."
"And I decided to strangle her and set a trap for Mr. Mouri."
If the townspeople had murdered the lawyer,
this would have made a bad impression on the judge
and this way the polluting company could win the trial.
I wanted to settle the case out of court
and then I wanted to turn myself in to the police.
But if there was no evidence to prove that you had done it....
Yeah, but then...
You're referring to the strange mark left on the chain, right?
The mark made by the pliers.
No other tongs could leave a mark like that
and you wanted to present it as evidence to the police, didn't you?
Uh, yes.
Ritsuko took this case because she was assigned to it,
you shouldn't have killed him, poor girl.
If she had taken the case simply to make a living,
I would never have hurt him.
But I found out that she made the townspeople suffer
and that you took the case to court just to get over yourself.
That I wanted to better myself?
Yes.
I think he took Mouri in the room for this very reason.
It can't be, I can't believe it.
Our job is to believe in our clients and defend them well,
but you're too trusting.
All people have a hidden face...
If I have to be completely honest,
I'm one of the men who wanted to seduce you.
Oops!
Thank you very much.
But flattering me won't get me to accept your case.
(Saku) Oh, sorry!
(laughs)
(Yamamura) Mouri, I wish you could have seen it!
The reconstruction of your wife's crime was brilliant!
No wonder she's the Sleeping Kogoro's wife!
And what did you do, while she was doing the job?
I followed her instructions
and put the Hayashi rice where it was supposed to go,
and then I went to the room across the hall.
When I saw them coming, I called his wife on the cell phone,
and when the suspect fell into the trap,
a triumphal march went off in my head!
And then?
And now where is he?
Look, it's down there.
On that table over there.
It's the father!
(He thinks) "What luck! Now we can go to breakfast!"
Wait, wait, wait!
(Thinking) "Ah...
(Thinks) "Ah... This promises a lot!"
Eri, I'm very grateful for what you've done....
I had faith in you, I knew you could prove my innocence.
And, uh, while we're on the subject,
I'm a little tired of the kitchen at the Ran.
I miss that weird cooking you do.
I mean...
Why don't you come back home with us?
I can't take it anymore.
Oh, and since today is our wedding anniversary...
I thought it was a good time to get back together.
Hey, you!
Did you hear me?
-What?
-What?! -What?!
What do you want?
Eh... No, nothing... nothing.
Father!
Mother...
What's the matter?
I want you to tell me what you were talking about!
What I was saying is that for a top lawyer like her,
it must have been embarrassing to have to defend her beloved husband.
Did you say "beloved husband"?
You should say "my worst mistake", shouldn't you?
What did you say?
Well, I guess you've learned your lesson, you mustachioed satyr!
You need to be more careful with alcohol.
What?
How can you...?
Father!
Ah, Ran, something.
I'll keep this record!
I really liked this song.
I'll see you later.
But... mother!
I never want to see you again!

AAAI!
Father!
You are an idiot.
You idiot!
You idiot!
You idiot!
(thinks) "Someone must have poisoned the tea in this bottle."
Can you tell me what the hell is going on in this town?
What happened, in this village, 7 years ago?
"But what's going on? I don't understand."
And the next Conan: "The Tenth Passenger, (part one)."

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

