The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows cannot be seen.
Today comes the resolution of the case.
We discover a murderer, a motive and a murder.
The truth is finally known.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi to boku to ha betsu no ikimoto Dakar.
Konomi ga chigau aruku Hayasa mo Omois no tsutae kata ha!
Iroaseteyuki Futari no Kioku no naka ima Bokura ha.
Tesaguri dakedo hoka no Darek wo Mirai wo sagashite yuku!
Omou yori tsuyoku ikite tokubetsu na ay motometeru
shikanahibi ni nayandari... true heart for mistery eyes!
Move nest do mayowanai you ni sound no ude wo hanasanaide
kitsutsuke ave dream toki mo.
Tada Zutter kotae wo sashite Mayoi Konda toki no naka té,
Tsuga no basho he you take your waaaaay!
Dakishimete...
I feel so all in Secret Life!

(Off) "We went to spend a few days at the Arimori Hotel,
"in the mountains of Nagano."
"There, we met businessman Hidehiko Shiromoto...
"and his wife, actress Chizuru Bizen."
"The next day, Mr. Arimori, Shinobu, Ran and I...
"took a trip to the mountain,
"while Mr. Shiromoto and Miyabe were fishing in the lake."
"Seeing that the Chizuru had not left the room all day,
"We went to check on her and..."
Eh ?!
(Think) "Chizuru didn't commit suicide."
"She's been murdered!"
THE DARK WINGS of Icarus, (PART TWO)
Arimori!
Arimori, where are you?
Where is it?
Arimori! I am here!
Gee, I've been delighted to see the stars.
How are you, Arimori.
(Mobile)
Tell me?
Ah, Minaho.
What the... What do you say?
Okay, yes, we'll be right back.
Say... what happened?
-The Chizuru is dead. -What?!?
We'll leave the van here.
We have to go back right away.
De a... cord!
(Male) The victim is Chizuru Bizen, 30 years old, actress.
She was staying at the hotel
with her husband, businessman Hidehiko Shiromoto.
-What time did she die, then?
Well... death occurred between 2/4 of 2 and 2/4 of 3 in the afternoon.
It looks like he was strangled with the rope.
Let's go by parts...
You say that when the body was found, the door was locked?
Yes, we had to force it open.
"See what a remedy."
The window was also locked from the inside,
that's why I think it was a suicide.
It's very strange.
Mrs. Bizen was a famous actress.
Did she have any motive to kill herself?
Well, as a matter of fact, they had them last night...
Did they?
"Someone relieved her of her assigned leading role."
"She didn't fit in very well."
I get it.
Stop, nano!
You can't come in here!
But it's just...!
Ah!
He's... a pain in the ass, this kid!
Be still, you feel me?!
But there are scratches on the door!
Look!
Scratches?
Yes, around the hole of the metal plate.
There are also scratches on the door knocker plate.
They look like marks that someone might have made
trying to close the door from the outside!
-It's an old trick! -What do you mean?
I explain:
first the killer closes the window,
"And then, with a screwdriver,
"unbolts the plate from the door frame."
"Then, he goes out into the hallway, attaches the latch to the bolt...
"And retighten it to the frame."
"To do this, you have to put your hand through the crack in the door."
"But handling a screwdriver like that is not easy.
"And it inadvertently leaves marks."
That's why it was so easy to push the door open:
the latch must not have been screwed on properly.
So it could be that Mrs. Chizuru...
carried the table up here to climb, right?
Let's assume so. Aleshores... Aaaah!
Will you please don't mess around, nano?
Surely there are footprints marked on it.
What?
You say some things!
You're such an asshole!
What? Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Maybe you're right.
The Chizuru was barefoot!
No footprints?
Have you checked this?
No, no, sir!
This means that... It means...
It means that someone has taken the Chizuru and hung her.
So, we're looking at a homicide, not a suicide.
(Think) "Last night, she argued with someone at the restaurant."

"Shit, if I had checked who it was...!"
"We need more clues."
"Eh? What's that?"
"A white speck... of dust?"
"Oh. It's so hot in here!"
"Ah. The air conditioning!"
"When we found the body, he was standing still!"
"Has he stopped the killer? Or else..."
You should ask them some questions about the victim.
Let's start with you, Shiromoto.
They were having problems.
They couldn't agree on the divorce, right?
It's just that... he was asking me for an astronomical allowance and I...
And you, Mr. Miyabe,
wanted to relieve her of a role I had given her...
Not that I wanted to;
the sponsor was pressuring me.
I had no choice.
Well, all right.
Let's see what the other witnesses have to say.
The victim is estimated to have died between 14.30 and 15.30.
They'd have to tell me where they were during that time.
What do you mean, inspector?
It seems to check our alibis.
But it wasn't suicide?
For the crime scene,
it's very likely a murder case.
Gee, no!
Is it true that you, Shiromoto and Miyabe, went fishing in the lake?
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
I left at 10 o'clock in the morning,
and I didn't get back until 7 in the evening!
-You too, Shiromoto? -Yes, I did.
But I left my lunch, and I came back at 2/4 o'clock to look for it.
"I had lunch with Mouri and left again an hour later."
Did you see your wife at any time?
I went upstairs to check on her, yes.
But since she didn't answer me, I went back to get the food.
So you, Miyabe, were left alone...
while in Shiromoto you came to get lunch?
Yes... yes, of course.
I ate right there at the lake!
And you, Arimori and Shinobu?
We went hiking to the top of the mountain
with Ran and Conan.
We left after Mr. Shiromoto.
"And we arrived at the top around 11 o'clock."
"We spent the day there, and at about 6 o'clock we started to descend."
I have arrived that it must have been 7 o'clock.
So, you stayed on the mountain?
The engine wouldn't start and I tried to fix it.
And you went to look for it.
Mr. Arimori was there?
Of course he was!
I went with him, I can corroborate that, Mr. Inspector.
And you two, Minaho and Honami?
In the morning we have been cleaning the hotel, as usual.
As we saw that Mr. Shiromoto was coming back...
"And he was having lunch with Detective Mouri,
"We served tea to both of them and then had lunch ourselves."
"At 2/4 of 2 we dismissed Mr. Shiromoto...
"And we watched TV until 4 o'clock."
"After that, we started to prepare things for the dinner.
"Until everyone arrived."
You didn't go to clean the victim's room?
No.
Mr. Arimori said not to untwist it.
And we have not entered.
You have been in the hotel all day?
Yes, I've spent all day watching TV.
"Apart from Shiromoto, who has gone up for a moment to 2/4 of one,"
no one else has passed this staircase until this afternoon.
The killer must have entered through the emergency exits.
Where are they, the emergency exits?
There's one at the end of each hallway.
The doors close automatically.
Just as they open easily from the inside,
to enter from the outside, there's the master key.
W... does that mean that the killer is someone who works here in the hotel?
No, because the master keys were in my possession.
But they may have made a copy.
In this case, the culprits would be the two of them!
(At the same time) We haven't done anything!
We didn't do anything!
But what are you saying?
They have been watching TV with me from 2/4 from 2 to 4!
-So, the culprits are all 3! -No... don't be ridiculous!
W-well, it wasn't me, I didn't have the key.
I am not the murderer.
(thinks) "No. There's a way to get in here without having a key."
No, there's a way to get in here without the hotel's master key.
-What?! - What?!
For example, when in Shiromoto he went up to see his wife
2/4 of one.
"He may have opened the door from the inside,
"and left a little wood to prevent it from closing."

"Afterwards, he may have made it look like he was going back to the lake....
"But, in reality, he enters through the emergency exit...
"And kills his wife."
But what the...?!
"Not bad."
He may also have died in Miyabe, having Shiromoto as an accomplice.
What... what's wrong, man!?
He could have gone back to the hotel hiding in Shiromoto's car,
and entered through the exit he had left open.
Let's go.
Stop it!
You're treating them like criminals, inspector.
I didn't mean to.
And what's the matter with you two!?
What about what?
Maybe you guys have a copy of the master keys.
-Maybe they've come down from the muntanya. Don't talk nonsense, will you?!
To return to the hotel from the top of the mountain or the lake,
"You have to cross the Tani River bridge, which is being repaired."
"The workers have assured me
"That the only car that has crossed the bridge this afternoon
"Is the one at Shiromoto."
In other words, the only ones who could have committed the crime are...
in Shiromoto, in Miyabe, the Minaho and the Honami.
And you, Mouri.
Me... me too!
(Thinking) "Mito is right, and yet there are things that don't fit."
"For example...,
"The air conditioning off,
"The white spot on her skirt..."
"What do you want?"
"Ah! Wait, what if...!?"
"It's like an airstrip!"
"What is this?" It looks like the mark of rope that has rubbed against the wall."
Inspector!
Mr. Mouri has asked me something.
What is it?
I have to ask you, Shiromoto, Miyabe, Minaho and Honami...
and you too, Mouri, to accompany me to the police station.
But, hey, who do you think I am?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaah... Now I'm getting sleepy...
Listen!
Are you all right, Mouri?
Wait!
This happens when the "sleeping Kogoro" appears!
I beg your pardon...?
That famous thing...?
(Kogoro voice) From now on let me have it!
(Kogoro voice) What?
You have already discovered the culprit!?
Yes!
I know who the murderer was, and the trick he used.
The trick?
Our murderer has wings.
Magic wings that make possible what, a priori, seems impossible!
Yes, the murderer is... you!
Yes, the assassin is you....,
...Mitsuyuki Arimori!
Wha... what s'empatolla, man?
I've spent the day with Shinobu, Ran and Conan up there.
It's true!
He can't have died anyone!
That's precisely why I say that the culprit has magic wings.
What do you mean by wings, you, Mouri?
What are these?
What do they carry? Here are the magic wings.
It was the warehouse on the roof.
-Look, it's a hang glider. What!?
And on the wall of the rooftop there are some marks
that look like they were made by the rubbing of a rope,
above the victim's room.
Of course!
The Arimori used the hang glider!
"He flew up to the hotel and landed on the rooftop."
"Then he came down on the Chizuru's balcony with a rope."
"Once dead, she took off again with the hang glider."
Come on, this is crazy!
I just went to the car to get the lunch boxes;
it took me 4 or 5 minutes.
And to ride a hang glider you spend a quarter of an hour or more.
On the other hand, because of the wind direction and the altitude,
it is not possible to fly there from the hotel.
Detective Mouri...?
(Kogoro voice) You are absolutely right.
But it's also true that with the victim close enough to strangle...
4 or 5 minutes is plenty!
But what are you saying?
The Chizuru was in the hotel.
Of course she was!
You mean the van!
Exactly.
"Before leaving,
"The Arimori said he was going to check that everything was locked up,
"and made Shinobu and the children leave first."
"Then, he climbed into the room, knocked her out...,
"He loaded her into the van along with the hang glider..."
and made for the mountain.
Did you notice that the air conditioning was not on in the room?
Yes.
By this you mean that the Chizuru has not been in the room since the morning?
That's right.
So, around two o'clock,
"The Arimori said he was going to get the lunch boxes in the van,
"He hung the Chizuru with a rope and killed her."

"At night, he's stayed on the mountain....
"Saying that he could not start the vehicle,
"Precisely so that he could mount the hang glider
"and carry the victim on his back to the hotel again."
"The rooftop is lit up,
"It won't have taken him long to land at the exact spot."
"Once here, he took a rope down to the room,
"He entered through the window he had previously left open...
"and hung up the body.
"He replaced the latch
"and left through the emergency exit."
This is ridiculous!
Tell me how I could have gotten back up there so fast!
When Ran and I went looking for him, he was already upstairs!
Yes, he could have gone by motorcycle.
No.
The bridge workers would have seen him.
From the hotel, which is the bottom of the valley,
it is impossible to fly to the top of the mountain!
That's why I was telling you that this man is a magician.
And it was precisely magic that allowed him to sneak back to the mountain!
I'm sorry, but I got lost again.
The trick is your car, Shinobu.
What does it say?
The Arimori is called with the cell phone to ask him to go and look for her.
And then he's hiding in the trunk of his car!
No!
Without knowing it,
the Shinobu served as a means of transportation for the Arimori.
When the car has arrived on site,
"He waited for the girls to get out of the car, sneaked in...
"And then appeared as if she had been waiting for hours."
Ari... Arimori!
This is all... This is all gratuitous conjecture!
-Do you have any proof, perhaps?! - (cell phone)
Yes?
Yes, understood.
Very well, understood.
Analysis confirms that the powder on the victim's skirt...
is from the scales of the Miyama white butterfly!
Behold, gentlemen.
We have verified that on the victim's skirt..,
who supposedly had not left the room,
there were traces of a butterfly
that lives on top of the highest mountains in the area.
La Ran told me.
"That today one landed on the Arimori's shoulder and died."
"That's why the scales have stained his clothes."
"And something touched the other one
"When he picked up the Chizuru and put it on his shoulder."
Why did he kill her?
-To avenge... my brother. What?
Revenge?
My little brother Teruhiko met Chizuru,
who was just starting her acting career,
at Tokyo University.
"So they met, he fell in love."
"She, that relationship was taken as a game."
"Rather, she wanted money."
"She needed a lot of money to start making a name for herself."
"As soon as she started acting, she became famous."
"And then she walked away from him."
In order not to lose the Chizuru,
my brother began to spend money on her.
To the point of using this hotel,
the only inheritance our father left us, as collateral.
What?
So you mean the hotel belongs...?
It belongs to someone else.
The owner was kind enough to hire me.
And what does he do, your brother?
The relationship with that woman tore Teruhiko apart.
Until one day he took the hang glider...
and got too close to a single man named Chizuru..,
who burned his wings and drove him to his death.
Like the Icarus.
And that's why he decided to kill her?
Yes.
I summoned her to the restaurant last night.
A word of apology for my dead brother is all I wanted.
But she...
I don't remember, do you hear me?
Besides, it gives me, who is it!
It was my brother and your boyfriend, remember, remember!
He died feeling unhappy.
Eh?
What are you insinuating?
I went out with him to shut him up, because he was a pain in the ass!
He fell in love because he wanted to, and he died for it!
I don't mean to blame you for what happened.
I just want you to go visit his grave and ask for forgiveness!
It doesn't bother me!
Don't bother me, you bore!
That moment I thought I'd kill her.
(Kogoro voice) Do you think your brother... would be happy?
They say that butterflies... are the souls of the dead.
It seems to me that your brother's soul...
has tried to stop him what he was going to do.
That's why he stood on his shoulder.
(Cries)
(Off) "Here is a case known as 'the Shushiro case',
"Because of the word that the policeman who was run over repeated...

"While watching the fleeing criminal."
"A major investigative network was set in motion."
"And as the policeman who held the key to solving it died.
"The case was shelved, a case that became time-barred three years ago."
And the next Conan:
"A love story in police station 3 (part one)."

Donna kotoba ni kaete
kimi ni tsutaerareru Darou arekara
ikutsumo no kisetsu ga...
Toorisugita keredo
itsumo soba de waratteru.
Watashi nimo Iena koto ga mada... hitosu dake aru.
Secret of my heart utagattemo nai ella!
Itsu datte sukoshi no mira ga areba...
Shinjitsu wa té ni irerareru hazu.
I can not say moves sukoshi dake.
I'm waiting for a chance.

