Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of it all with an intense pace.
Investigators, you are always busy.
But between cases you must also fight for love.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite mo
kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte mo!

(Cars: speeding, honking)
(laughs)
So, you're a good boy... Eh?
Grow up strong,
grow stronger...
and leave the claws of the flames behind you!
(evil laughter)
One more, one more....,
and tonight the eve of the feast will be over.
Oooh.
This corrupt city will light up with scarlet flames
and will begin a play of lights never seen before and of inimitable beauty.
(Evil laughter)
(Woman) Ayumi.
-What are you doing here? -Ah, mother.
-Come on, let's go home. -Yes, mother.
-Yes, mother.
A LOVE STORY AT POLICE STATION 3, (PART 1)
(Woman) Understood...
Could you tell me what that man's eyes looked like?
Uh... let's see, he had eyes like a... he had eyes like a fox.
He had... his eyes were slanted.
So... was he a little thing like that?
-No, it doesn't look anything like that. -No, it doesn't look anything like that.
-Huh?
Really?!
You don't draw well at all.
It looks like a little kid's doodle.
Is there no one who knows how to draw?
We can't do anything!
Mr. Tomogawa, who is in charge of the robot portraits, is sick!
May I have a moment?
Ha-ha.
But listen, Sato.
What's the matter?
I understand your efforts,
but we can't give this portrait to researchers.
Indeed, I think it has a surreal yet very profound feel to it.
What do you mean?
As you say?
Why don't you do it yourselves?
Eh, couple?
No..., I don't know how to draw... at all.
I only do abstract art.
Hey, Shiratori!
Wait, Shiratori!
What a face.
You filthy rat!
Besides, even though we're not sure...
whether the man who saw the Ayumi was really the arsonist.
What?!
What do you mean, that the Ayumi is a liar?
-Don't take us for idiots just because we're children!
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
But you didn't see that boy start the fire, did you?
It's obvious.
In spite of the heat,
he was wearing a long coat and fur gloves,
and his pants were reeking of kerosene
when you saw him hanging around the back alley of the fire site,
and he had a mischievous grin on his face.
It would be harder not to suspect him of being the arsonist than to do so.
See?
That was it, wasn't it, Ayumi? Yes!
All right, Conan.
We'll go check out that alley and examine the scene!
(At the same time) At the scene of the fire?
(At the same time) Okay.
Then I'll go with you.
Let me give you a ride in my car.
First I have to pass by a place.
It's halfway to the fire site.
Eh?
Halfway...
Today is a very special day for me, you know?
A... a very special day?
Is it your birthday or something?
No... quite the opposite.
The opposite?
I wonder where he wants to go.
A special day?
Of course it is!
Now I remember.
Today is the anniversary of the death of the commissioner Masayoshi Sato,
Sato's father.
-He died in the line of duty. -Yes, that's right!
Yes... It happened about 18 years ago.
He was chasing a thief and at this intersection...
At this intersection?
Yes, a truck ran over him at this very crossroads.
Unfortunately, it was pouring rain that day...
and the ambulance was late.
Inspector Megure told me that the commissioner died in the ambulance...
and that his daughter and wife were with him.
If I remember correctly, the name of the case was...
It was Shushiro.
What?
That's right.
Shushiro!
It was Shushiro.
The policeman who got hit by the truck,
he kept repeating this name

while looking toward the place where the perpetrator of the robbery had fled.
It was called "The Shushiro Case" because of this mysterious name.
It set in motion a network of investigation
unprecedented up to that time...
And since the policeman who had the key to solve it died,
the case was shelved.
A case that became time-barred 3 years ago.
He told me about it in Kogoro!
Yes, I've seen this case on TV many times.
(Thinking) "Oops, that's not much."
It was a crime planned in detail,
and the only evidence they had was a 10-second image
where the robber appeared
the bank windows of the bank that was robbed.
No one knew how the investigator had done it
to find out who the robber was.
The case is still unsolved.
But... I didn't know that the investigator was Sato's father.
(Sato) Nothing can be done.
The name of the case and the name of the criminal are still vivid in memory.
But usually, the only ones who remember the name of a policeman...
who has died in the line of duty
are the colleagues in the profession.
(At the same time) You're right, Sato.
After all, we don't do our job so that we want to be remembered.
But wait a minute,
the driver of the truck that hit him must have seen the thief.
The thief was wearing a long raincoat,
but we don't even know if that person was a man or a woman.
The thief was wearing a hat, sunglasses, mask and a coat.
But the thief's name was known, right?
Wasn't his name Shushiro?
None of the people with that name
had the opportunity to commit the robbery.
They all had alibis.
Well, no wonder the case is doomed to go unsolved.
All they had were the clues from the camera footage,
the raincoat and the word "Shushiro."
-There were only 3. There were 4!
The fourth clue was written on the father's police notepad.
There were some mysterious characters written in katakana: Kano.
-Kano? -I didn't know anything about it!
It seems that the police wanted to keep the secret of the case.
They deduced that those characters had a lot to do with the case,
and they often asked the mother and me:
"Did you feel at Masayoshi say that word?"
And then...?
I didn't feel him say it, and besides, I don't know what it can mean.
When I was a little girl, I would stare at those characters often
and I always thought:
"If someone appears and catches in Shushiro,
"I will grant him all his wishes!"
-Eh?
All his...? - Wishes...?
If I find out who it is, will you treat me to 100 bowls of rice?
Of course I will!
I'd like to live in a castle in a tropical country.
I'd like a ticket to go to the International Space Station.
Well, I'd like a branded black leather bag.
I could have a ticket to the next World Cup?
Of course you could!
(Think) "These kids scare me, they ask for such realistic things."
Eh?
What's wrong with you guys?
Mm?
Look, they're wearing flowers.
Hello, I haven't seen you for a long time!
-Oh, is that you, Miwako?
-You've become a very pretty woman.
You two know each other?
Yes.
You were on the same baseball team as the father, at school!
He's on Hider Saruwatari;
father and he were an invincible couple!
Nice to meet you guys.
Mr. Shuji Kano,
the strongest arms and the fastest legs.
And he was the best hitter, Mr. Mitsuo Inomata.
And Chouk Kandor, the most fashionable woman there is.
Don't exaggerate!
I'm already 50 years old!
How come you've come here?
We haven't seen each other for a long time and decided to stay.
-But first we came to say hello to Sato,
who was the captain of the team.
I see what you mean.
If we didn't come to ask him if he wanted to come, he would have been in a bad mood.
(Mobile)
Yes?
This is Shiratori.
Ah..., Inspector Megure.
What?
Where are we now?
Well, we're exactly at Haido-cho Chome number 4.
You've spotted a suspect who looks like the arsonist you described?!
Yes!
The address is Shinagawa Chome number 6.

He has gone while being questioned by the patrolling policeman!
Now they are in the middle of the chase!
He has long hair and is wearing a hat and a gray coat.
Now it is quite close to where you are!
Leave the children with the Sato,
and you and Takagi go over there to catch him!
You heard him!
Come on, Takagi!
All right, let's go!
What's the matter now?
Hurry up!
Yes.
My notebook..., my revolver...
Hell, no!
Takagi!
The handles.
I left them at the police station, on the table.
Come on... now we don't have time to look for them.
Hey, Takagi, are you sure?
Yes, it's so much... If anything happens, in Shiratori wears one.
Besides, the horoscope in the newspaper said that today would be my lucky day.
I'll go out without handcuffs, he's just an arsonist.
- (woman) Be careful, dear .- (man) Don't worry!
According to the horoscope in the newspaper, today will be my lucky day.
(woman) Eh?
The father has neglected the handcuffs.
(telephone)
(man) Eh?
My husband?
A car ran over my husband?!
Do you know where he is now?
(Ambulance: siren)
It's not fair... (Ambulance: siren) Why?
Father, you always fight for justice and now...
You fight against the bad guys and now... (Ambulance: siren) Why?
You fool... The word "justice", the word "justice"...
-Sato.
Sato, you feel me? -Huh?
Yes...
-Are you all right? -Yes. -Yes, I'm fine.
Well, we'll go over there.
You take care of the kids.
So far!
Hey... W-wait, Takagi!
Wait, please!
-Takagi. -What's the matter?
What's wrong?
Mm?
These handcuffs are pretty rusty.
If you're not wearing yours, take these.
Ah... (Sato) Okay.
(Sato) They're a souvenir from my father.
Oooooh...
My ones were ruined in Mr. Higashida's case,
and I've been wearing these for a while now.
They'll be like a good luck charm for you.
A charm?
I thought your father died in the line of duty.
Take my advice and take them with you.
Be careful, both of you.
-Hey, Sato... -Takagi.
Yes, let's go!
Goodbye, Takagi.
(Siren)
What's going to happen?
Why are they armed with guns, if they have to deal with an arsonist?
In fact, they're cops from the violent crimes section,
they shouldn't go chasing an arsonist.
They found a stabbed body near the fourth fire.
We don't have any evidence,
but all indications are that the victim was either a witness to the crime
or that he tried to stop the arsonist and the arsonist stabbed him.
Therefore, stay close to me and do not move away!
Good morning, Inspector.
It's me at Shiratori.
We just stopped the fleeing suspect at Shinagawa Station.
You're wrong!
I haven't done anything!
But he insists he's not the arsonist.
He claims he's just a bagman.
(He thinks) "Eh? I got it! Now I get it all!"
"I've solved the mystery! Yes, today is my lucky day!"
"Alright, I have to call the Sato."
Takagi.
Ah!
Takagi.
Where were you calling?
Ah, nowhere.
I wasn't calling anywhere...
I'm going to the washroom for a moment.
Where was it... where was it?
Yes, yes, it's this one here.
I was buying this toy from in Yaiba
and a strange man came out of there.
(Mobile)
Yes, it's me.
Ah, hello, Takagi!
What happened, with that suspect?
What?!
You found out who the murderer was 18 years ago?!
Yes, according to my deductions, most likely...
Don't panic, please.
But he was there.
It was one of the people we met today.
That person is... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What-what's wrong, Shiratori?
Takagi, boy!
You've been behaving strangely lately.
Aw, that's not true!
Don't imagine things!
(Takagi: gasps) Yes..., yes...
Yes, that's right.
I've figured it all out!
I already know what "Shushiro" means and also the secret of that "Kano."
(gasps)
Now I know why your father was able to find out who the murderer was.
"The case is already time-barred, but nevertheless..."
What else?
Who is it?
Who is it?!
Who is it, the thief?
A... that thief, that thief is...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Hey, Takagi!
Takagi!
Takagi!
Takagi!
Takagi!
"Takagi, what happened? Answer me!"
Takagi, answer me, please!
"Takagi! Takagi!"
- (phone: cut off) -Hello?
(Phone: tut, tut)
Ta... Takagi...
Okay, take care of it.
(Mobile)
Yes, it's me.
Hello, Sato!
We just sent the suspect to Shinagawa Police Station.
What's that?
In Takagi, you say?
Yes..., I was with him 4 or 5 minutes ago.
What's up?
Then call the police station
and tell them the time and place you last saw him!
Someone attacked in Takagi while he was talking to me on the phone!
It's possible that the attacker is the arsonist we're looking for!
Inspector Takagi was attacked
when he was about to tell us who the murderer from 18 years ago was, right?
Then the murderer is...
I don't think so, because this case was time-barred 3 years ago,
and we can't even be sure if your deduction is accurate.
You know those 4 people we've met before, don't you?
Do you know where they were going?
They talked about... Nanamagari bar, where they usually go for drinks.
It's in front of Shinagawa Station.
If you said you recognized the killer among the four people we saw..,
it could be that one of these 4 who were in front of the station
accidentally overheard their conversation.
Then, the murderer would have attacked Inspector Takagi...
to shut him up, right?
I'm... I'm leaving for the station quickly.
Go home by train, and tomorrow go to the central police station, please.
(At the same time) What?!
Hey, but there's also the possibility...
that the one who attacked her was the arsonist.
Then, take the Ayumi with you,
she's the only witness who saw the criminal.
But that's not...
-I'll try hard!
-Me too!
I'll cooperate too!
I'll cooperate too!
(Radio: male) "Central at all police stations."
"Agents who are in the Shinagawa area."
"The place: the vicinity of Shinagawa Station."
"The facts: a police inspector has disappeared."
"It appears that someone has attacked her or she is seriously injured."
"We investigate thoroughly and report your findings."
"We repeat..."
(Think) "It's a lie. It must be a lie."
"That the murderer is one of them 4?"
"The person who murdered the father is one of the 4 ?!"
"It can't be true, can it, father?!"
Ah!
It's that one!
It's that man!
It's the bad man I saw!
They're all gone!
Look, you brats, can you see him now?
Don't tell me you're the one who attacked Detective Takagi.
Come on, shall we have a toast to celebrate?
Eh, Kano?
And the next Conan:
"A love story at the police station 3, (part two)"

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

