Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of it all with an intense pace.
The arsonist's case and the robbery case are overlapping.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte mo!

(Off) "After the Ayumi claimed to have seen the arsonist,
"We, the Junior Detective League, Inspector Takagi...
"And Inspector Sato started investigating the case."
"That day was also the anniversary of Sato's father's death,
"And her friends from her high school days had also gathered."
A LOVE STORY AT POLICE STATION 3, (PART 2)
What's wrong with you, Sato?
Gee, what's wrong with you?
Sato, you're sweating profusely.
(Mitsuhiko) It's this bar, isn't it?
Alright then, we'll be right out!
Quiet, Genta!
This is just me.
I'll be right back, so stay here quietly!
What a drag.
Eh?
Oh, what are you doing?
Since we have nothing to do,
we can check the places where there have been fires.
Does anyone know the locations of the fires?
Yes, I remember!
All the fires have been near a station.
Of that... the first one at Ikebukuro, the second one at Asakusabashi,
the third to Tabata and the fourth to Shimokitazawa.
Tabata and the fourth to Shimokitazawa...
And the fifth was in Yotsuya, right where the Ayumi saw the pyromaniac!
It's just a trapeze
and although we connected the sites we didn't find anything consistent.
From this side it looks like a cup!
No, a ladle.
You mean a ladle, you donkey.
What do you mean?
A cup!
That's the incomplete shape of the Big Dipper, isn't it?
No!
If it were, the handle of the ladle should be on the left, woman.
Hey, Conan, why don't you give us a little help?
Eh?
-Huh? -Huh?
-She's gone!
Again?
Eh? (Laughs)
Gone?
All 4 together?
Yes..., about 40 minutes ago.
They seemed a little upset
about the arson that's been going on in this area and they left.
Hm... Did you sense what they were talking about, these 4 characters?
(Sato) Conan!
Yes!
They had a great time talking about the good things that will happen!
Mr. Inomata said
that today was the fifteenth anniversary of his company,
and that he hasn't been in the red.
Mr. Kano said that tomorrow was his fiftieth anniversary!
He said that studying in Italy for 3 years had paid off.
Mrs. Kandor seemed happy
explaining that her daughter had married a good match!
Mr. Saruwatari said that his son had become a father,
and added that he was not entirely happy
because today was also the anniversary of your father's death?
But the murderer in that case was a ruthless man, wasn't he?
He committed a $500 million robbery
and murdered the security guard with a blow to the head.
And in addition, he also murdered the commissioner...
What do you mean?
Murdered him?
Didn't he die by accident?
A witness testified... Eh?
...that it had seemed to him that they pushed the father in front of the truck.
(Genta) Surely Conan is the bar!
(Mitsuhiko) He always disappears like magic.
I'm sure he's eating something.
He must be eating fried chicken or pork!
I see you don't always think about eels with rice.
You have to eat vegetables, otherwise you'll die young.
Ah!
The bad man was saying something about that.
I just needed one more vegetable to finish!
One vegetable?
Green, vágiles, vigilia or something like that.
(thinks) "Vigil?"
"That there was one more and the vigil would be over?"
"Don't tell me that... that this is..."
What a face!
I wonder what food it is.
(Door, open)
(Door, open) -Huh?
Haibara, what are you doing?
-Close the door.
Yes, OK!
(Door, open) Hey!
Haibara, no right!
Hey, hey, hey!

What do you plan to eat?
Don't do anything until I get back!
Okay, guys?
Wow.
What a drag!
In the end we had to stay here.
Ooooooooooooooooooooh!
Ooooooooooooooooooooh...
Mmm?
Nothing wrong with you?!
That's him!
That's the bad guy I saw yesterday!
-What?! - What?!
Don't you think it's strange?
This man is too well informed.
For example, he knew that she had been hit... with a rifle.
I didn't know that.
On the day of the incident, they televised the surveillance camera images.
But they were too cruel and were immediately withdrawn.
Right now, I'm more worried about Takagi.
We should find out something fundamental:
whether she was attacked by the murderer from 18 years ago or by the arsonist.
(Haibara) Shinagawa.
Haibara!
The next place where the arsonist will act next is Shinagawa.
Eh? (Haibara)
Shinagawa?!
See.
We left the first fire in Ikebukuro...
and the second fire in Asakusabashi like this.
Then we connected Tabata, the third place where there was a fire..,
with Shimokitazawa, where there was the fourth fire.
And we connected Yotsuya, the fifth, with Shinagawa.
"Fire!"
Yes, the pyromaniac writes the Japanese character "fire"
on the Tokyo map following the writing order.
So, the person who has attacked in Takagi is...
Yes.
There is a possibility that the arsonist has confused...
thinking that Inspector Takagi had seen her.
And if this is true,
there will be a body around the next focus of the fire..,
like the fourth case.
Listen, guys.
What?
Hell, no!
They're gone, they're all gone!
Hey, Sato!
Ah, Shiratori!
Hey, haven't you seen the kids?
No.
But they weren't with you?
-They've disappeared. (intercom: beep)
(Ayumi) "Conan. Conan, can you hear me?"
A-Ayumi... Hey!
Where have you gone?!
Hey, what are you doing?!
(At the same time) Aaaaah!
Don't scream so much, animal, the killer will feel you!
What?
The killer?
The bad man that the Ayumi saw has passed in front of the bar...
and now we're following her.
(Think) "What?!"
Right now we're at Shinagawa Chome number 6.
(Genta) Hey, look!
What's she doing?
He spills something in the newspaper.
What?!
He hasn't lit the fire yet?
So, the one who attacked Inspector Takagi wasn't the arsonist?
Inspector Shiratori, you noticed something strange,
before you lost sight of Inspector Takagi?
I was looking at the station name sign on the station platform.
(Think) "The sign with the name of the stations?"
"Eh? Sure! I get it!"
"That's why Inspector Takagi figured it all out."
"The meaning of 'Shushiro',
"The last one that Sato's father said."
"The identity of the 'kano'.
"And why he was able to figure out who the murderer was with few clues.
"Without a doubt, the murderer is one of the four of them."
"And also that he is the one who attacked Inspector Takagi."
Hey, guys!
We're coming right now with Inspector Shiratori's car.
-Eh? -We're not going with my car?
No, your destination is not there, Inspector Sato.
You have to solve the case that took place 18 years ago.
Solve the case?
Because it seems that case is still unsolved.
(evil laughter)
Yes, good boy, grow up and get big...
-Hey, I can't believe it.
-He's finally lit the fire!
(evil laughter)
The clue is the line where the "ene" of the Latin alphabet is.
By looking at the letters on the sign,
he noticed a very simple trick that can be done with the letters.
That person surely also knows who Inspector Takagi is.
Although at this point it is impossible to stop him,
he could reveal the truth to you.
The truth of what happened 18 years ago.
Is it really going to be okay?
The fire is getting bigger and bigger.
(Mitsuhiko) It will be all right,
because Conan must have already alerted the firemen.
And we should not follow the arsonist?
Because he will surely run away!
No!
Conan told us not to move!
But it's been 10 minutes since we spoke.
No, it hasn't even been 5.
It's so dark I can't see myself.
(At the same time) eeeeh?
Hello.
How are we doing, guys?

What are they doing, in a place like this?
Look, you brats, now you can see it well.
Don't worry, I'll put you in a row...
as an offering for the party that is about to begin.
(At the same time) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
Hello, Miwako.
Have you finished working?
Yes..., more or less.
As you can see, I was almost about to close.
Never mind that!
Let me buy you a drink!
Tomorrow is the fiftieth anniversary you've been looking forward to, isn't it?
Yes, I suppose so...
but at 50 you don't make a big deal out of having a birthday...
Well, I'm sure you were looking forward to it.
Because fortunately for you,
the Shushiro case will be time-barred... by the time midnight passes.
Eh?
Come on, then.
Shall we have a toast to celebrate?
Eh, Kano?
Eh?
But what happened to me?
Now I remember, someone attacked me from behind.
(Thinking) "I have to do something, with these handcuffs."
"Very well! I'm still carrying the revolver!"
"Perfect. I'll shoot at the chain..."
(Sato) "Kano."
These are the mysterious letters
that were written in my father's notebook.
If we do the transcription in the Latin alphabet, we would have K-A-N-O.
Which reads exactly "Kano".
I called Mr. Saruwatari and the others and confirmed it.
They told me that Kano was the nickname my father gave you.
What's more, until I asked him about it,
they couldn't remember whether he named you Kano or Kao.
The father identified you as a suspect,
because he saw the surveillance camera footage
of the man who assaulted the security guard.
The father said that even though you have a very peculiar way of hitting,
you are the most skilled hitter on the team.
Ha-ha-ha!
Deus joking,
you can't suspect me of being the killer just because of something like that!
Besides, that case is time-barred.
No, not yet.
There are still 8 minutes and 17 seconds left before the statute of limitations expires.
If the suspect goes abroad,
the period spent outside the country is not included in the computation of years.
I have already taken care to ask the question at the Ministry of Justice.
And I also assumed that you had chosen to return from Italy on the same day...
that you had to celebrate your fiftieth anniversary,
because you didn't want to forget the statute of limitations!
No, sir!
Not until you tell me what happened.
Father always said.
When a suspect is about to confess to his crimes,
he swallows his breath and reaches for a cup of tea.
And if you give the suspect the tea, he will swallow the confession with the tea.
I will not allow you to swallow this case!
I won't, even if you have a throat like a brush!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ayumi!
No, no, no, no, no!
(evil laughter)
-(Ai) Hey!
What's gonna kick you in the ass?
Dei-xa-llas?
Correct answer!
(Think) "I've already kicked something stupid again."
Inspector Shiratori, it's this way!
This way, this way!
A flask with kerosene and matches!
I think we've got it this time.
(Mitsuhiko) Can we let that warehouse burn like this?
The fire is very violent.
This warehouse was scheduled to be demolished next week,
and there's nothing inside.
Besides, the firemen are busy.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Congratulations.
I lost, Kano.
I... I didn't want to kill him...
Who are you talking about?
Are you talking about my father?
No!
The security guard!
I just wanted to get him off my back.
And what about my father?!
You pushed him to the crossroads!
Not exactly... It was him.
He pushed me.
Eh?
Just before... he found out everything,
and he was already taking me to the police station in custody.
"I started to think about my future in the rain.
"And suddenly I got scared.
"I wanted to throw myself under that truck...
"And then he pulled me away..."
He gave me another chance to rebuild my life.
What good is it, to rebuild your life with money from a robbery?
No, it's not true!
I didn't touch them, that money!
I hid them under the Buddhist altar at home!
I planned to return them as soon as the statute of limitations expired!
It's the truth!
Please believe me!
Yes, of course I'll believe you.
Inspector Chiba, you heard everything?!

(Man) "Yes, absolutely everything!"
(Sato) I want an arrest warrant.
If the serial numbers match, it will be the proof!
"Send the tape with this recording and the money!
"To the criminal investigation section!"
Hurry, we only have one day left to do it!
One day left?
I guess you didn't notice.
When you came back from Italy there was a typhoon off the coast.
The flight was scheduled to arrive at 9 pm,
but the flight was delayed and arrived at 12:4.
you got one day wrong
in your calculation of the statute of limitations date.
Touch and go!
I had a bad feeling...
so that your face when you came in
reminded me of the face your father made...
If you refused to confess, I was ready to search your house...
and look for the money to arrest you!
But the father was different.
He could have told me your name to the ambulance,
"But because he believed in you... he wouldn't do it."
"My father looked in the direction you had fled and said:
" 'Turn yourself in to the police.'"
With his gasps, people didn't feel it was right...
and it sounded to them like he was saying "Jishushiro."
"Turn yourself in to the police."
And now where is he, Inspector Takagi ?!
Where is he?
It's inside an abandoned warehouse in Shinagawa Chome...
Then I wanted to inform the police and explain everything to them.
What are you talking about?
That's where...!
Is that really where Inspector Takagi is?
If he is, it must be...
What are you saying?!
We can take him out, though!
Get out of the way!
-No, no, Sato!
Get out of the way, you idiot!
Takagi!
(Remember: Takagi) "I've been transferred to this department today."
"My name is Wataru Takagi! Ah, Inspector Sato... Sato."
- "Sato!" - You're such an idiot!
Today will be my big lucky day... I'm very happy.
Takagi, you're an idiot!
(Takagi) Hello...
Oh, I'm... I feel...
Ta-Takagi! But what are you doing here?!
(Takagi) What am I doing?
When I pushed the grille,
it came loose and I could get out of the window...
Then I wandered around the area and they took me for a peeping Tom.
Call an ambulance! Hurry up!
How could you walk, badly wounded as you are?
But you have your gun!
Why didn't you use it to break the chain on the handcuffs?!
Because I didn't want to ruin them.
They were yours.
They were a souvenir of your father, weren't they?
That's why you didn't use your revolver!
-He's so cute! -The kind of man who dies young.
(Think) "What an ass you are."
It's hard to believe that a renowned detective like Mouri
hasn't stopped a murder that's happened in front of him.
(Takagi) Thank you for your cooperation.
We will keep this evidence you have entrusted to us.
(He thinks) "It can't be!"
"But seen this way, it is convincing."
"Kogoro's power of deduction is also magnificent!"
And the next Conan: "Too splendid a deduction."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

