Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of everything with an intense rhythm.
Today we will live a unique mystery with Conan!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte mo!

A SPLENDID MASS DEDUCTION
(Drunk) Hip!
Ha-ha!
Hey, Ran!
Don't walk so fast, daughter!
Coming to pick you up is a beating!
To drink, don't go drinking on the other side of the station!
(Thinking) "What a mug. Eh?"
"It's to despair, really. Eh?"
It says here that you can drink and eat whatever you want from 8 to 10 at night.
You always get sucked into the propaganda!
What do you mean?
I've eaten 3 times what I paid for and drank 5 times as much!
(Laughing scandalously)
(Glass: brittle)
Go, man!
Do you know that you've loaded the glass?
Go on!
Go home!
(Boy) Go home?!
What do you mean, you bastard?!
-What do you think you are?!
Let go of me, Nakamoto!
(Objects: uproar) Father, what can we do?
We can't make it look like we're not, can we?
We'll stop them!
No, Father, no! No!
You stay here, I'll go!
(laughs) Nothing will happen to them.
They're hopeless, they always fight like this,
but soon they start laughing and make up again.
So..., good boy, good boy.
Wow, man, I've been worried for nothing.
Come on, man.
Hip!
Hey, father!
Wait for me!
Watch where you put your feet!
He-he-he-he-he!
Daughter... Daughter... Ay! Careful, you can't stand up straight!
Get up, come on! Ha-ha-ha!
(Off) "There was something bothering us,
"So the next day we went back to that apartment."
We'll have the results after the autopsy,
but from the looks of it, it's likely that death occurred last night.
Mm?
No, that can't be true.
Huh?
Well, you again?
Well, it just so happens that...
How do you tell me about this visit?
Inspector Megure!
Everything happened as Mr. Mouri said!
The people in the building felt it too!
The facts were like this:
a certain Nakamoto had a violent fight with the victim, the Irie.
And who is he, the man called Nakamoto?
A-now I'm investigating him!
It's hard to believe that a renowned detective like Kogoro Mouri...
didn't prevent a murder that happened in front of him!
I'm ashamed...
Damn it!
If the old man hadn't told us that, he could have stopped them!
And taaant!
(Sigh)
(Sliding)
Help me, please!
Mister... Mouri!
Eh?
Look, it's just that I... I was working...
the physics research laboratory at Beika University
with the Irie, the victim.
-My name is Nakamoto. Nakamoto?!
You're the one who killed him yesterday, Nakamoto!
No!
I have been summoned to testify as a witness, but I have done nothing!
Precisely, I didn't go to the Irie's apartment yesterday!
Believe me, sir!
Oh, didn't you?
(Kogoro) Hey, kid.
We clearly feel like arguing with the man you have murdered.
What do you mean you didn't go to his apartment?
It was a cassette, a tape recorded to make it look like I had gone!
What?!
-To make it look like you were there? -Yes...
The Irie had it all timed...
"And he probably pressed play to play the tape."
(Glass: brittle)
"Wow, man! Do you know you've fucked up the glass?"
"Go home!"
(Nakamoto) "What do you mean, go home, you bastard!"
So, he did the comedy.
(Nakamoto) Yes, sir.
He wanted to give me an alibi.
An alibi?!
An alibi, to do what?
For one simple reason.
I had snuck into the house of our mentor, Professor Demura.
into the house of our mentor, Professor Demura,
to assassinate him!
What did you say?!
I wanted to assassinate the professor

because the fruit of our research was secretly coming to us
to do business!
And even if we had formally denounced it, he has a lot of power....
and we would have been thrown out!
That's why...
We watched us break into his house,
trying to make it all look like a case of robbery-homicide.
But things didn't go as we had planned.
I broke into his house, but the professor wasn't!
"I waited for him for an hour, but he wasn't coming and I let him run."
I got to the professor's house at 10 and left at 11.
If what you tell us is true,
you couldn't have died in Takayuki Irie.
In any case, I don't understand why the professor testified...
that he was writing something in his study last night!
Aaah...!
Yes, this is very strange...
Yes... And I can't think of any reason why this man would want to lie.
But if I leave things as they are, they will take me for a murderer!
I don't understand why the police have let you go
if you're the prime suspect.
I heard at the police station that you, the famous Kogoro Mouri....,
were also near the scene of the crime, yesterday...
It is no coincidence!
Please, I beg you to help me!
It is true that I am implicated in the case, at least in part, but....
So, you don't believe in my innocence either, am I wrong?
If only I could find that cassette tape!
Are you sure this tape really exists?
Well, I was told that there was no such tape in the Irie's house.
I'm sure the killer took it.
If they can't find it, the real killer will have cornered me!
What can I do?
I'm sure the killer will have gotten rid of the tape by now.
You could at least try to find the tape, don't you think, Father?
Eh?
If you solve this case, you can get your reputation back, right, Kogoro?
Regain a good reputation.
Yes!
You're right!
Why not?
There is only one passage to access the inside of the building.
And the only way out after committing the crime is...
the street leading to the station.
The killer wanted to get rid of the tape as soon as possible...
that would have served as evidence.
Hey, you, wait!
Don't touch the garbage!
Mm?
Hey, hey, hey!
But... but what are you doing, you?!
(Think) "It's impossible, it's too close here."
Eh?
I found it!
It's... it's the tape we're looking for!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I've had a good idea!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-Thank you for your cooperation. -Huh?
Ins... Inspector Takagi!
We'll keep it ourselves, this evidence, thank you.
(Think) "So they were keeping a close eye on the prime suspect..."
You don't want to take this tape and that's it, I guess.
Aaa... well...
(Recording) "What do you mean, go home, you bastard!"
That's the phrase we heard last night.
Right, Conan?
I get it.
So it seems that we have already proved it.
Mr. Nakamoto is not lying, inspector.
Thank you very much.
What a break!
I finally found someone who believes me.
But... I wonder why he lied, the professor.
Yes, it's true.
None of you wouldn't have suspected me, if he hadn't lied!
I am absolutely sure of it!
He lied to make you look suspicious!
I also wonder what advantage he can get out of pinning it on me.
And I think I have the answer.
Maybe he did it because it was somewhere and he doesn't want it to be known.
So we can think that the professor may have been going to the Irie's apartment...
with the idea of murdering him.
(Think) "It's a possibility, but..."
This is completely impossible!
If he had known about our plans,
it would be a different story!
But we planned it the whole floor of the Irie.
He couldn't even have eavesdropped on us to find out.
Eavesdropping?
Wow!
I hadn't thought of that!
(Takagi) Look!
The plug screws are gone!
They're probably over here.
(Kogoro) Oh, really?
(Takagi) Okay, thank you very much.
Looks like we have proof that there was a bug.
Now we know!
Since Professor Demura was really appropriating the search...
that the Irie and Nakamoto were doing,
he became suspicious because he believed that if he was found out,
the day would come when they would want to take revenge.

And he set up a microphone to keep track of what they were doing.
And how did he get on the floor of the Irie? Very easily.
He stole the key to the Irie floor from the lab's lockers,
and made a copy.
And while he was following the conversation on the microphone, he discovered...
"That they were planning to assassinate him."
"Then he realized that he could use the alibi
"that they had prepared between the two of them to their advantage!"
And last night, once again, as usual,
the Irie dramatized only that alibi on the cassette.
"Then, the professor broke into his apartment....
"Using the copy of the key and murdered the Irie."
"Then he stole the cassette, removed the hidden microphone...
"and quietly left the apartment."
"If the Irie's body was found...
"The police would start from the testimonies of people in the neighborhood...
"And would believe that the murderer was Nakamoto."
In other words,
Professor Demura, after murdering the Irie,
arranged everything...
so that in Nakamoto he would look like the killer.
The professor used our plan to his advantage.
Very clever of him.
But he couldn't fool
the good eyesight of the famous top detective Kogoro Mouri!
(Laughs outrageously)
(Thinking) "Hey, what's going on here, Kogoro?"
"Your deduction is perfect."
"I guess it won't be necessary for me to intervene, this time."
What the hell rivers?!
If you had gone to Mr. Irie's apartment yesterday,
you could have prevented the murder from being committed!
Ayyy... But my child, don't talk like that....
Inspector Megure has explained to me that last night,
a man walking the dog stopped him.
Yes.
Precisely, if he hadn't told us what he told us, maybe I...
That's true, but that old man didn't say it in bad faith.
(Thinking) "Oh! It can't be!"
"But seen this way, it is convincing!"
"Kogoro's powers of deduction are magnificent too!"
Well, let's get on with it!
I can now explain my superb deduction to Inspector Megure
to regain my good reputation!
No, you can't!
What?
What are you talking about now?
Since it's a magnificent deduction,
why can't we get him to come and feel his version?
That way it will make it look better!
Yeah, you're right.
All right, we got it!
Understood.
I'm going to play outside until they come.
So, they've used the alibi ploy...
against the people who conceived it.
I expected nothing less from you, Mouri!
Well, I'll just do what I always do.
Ha-ha-ha...!
Mr. Nakamoto, forgive me for suspecting you.
As long as the truth is known...
Besides, even though I may be charged...
for breaking into the professor's apartment...
We'll deal with this matter later.
Hey, Takagi,
request a warrant for Professor Demura's arrest immediately!
Yes, sir!
Ouch!
Another coooop...
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, wait a second, please!
Mm?
My deduction is a mere hypothesis.
The form the real killer wanted the case to take.
You said "that the real killer wanted"?
What does it all mean, Mouri?
Please, inspector, sit down again.
What I will now tell you is the whole truth.
The versions of Mr. Nakamoto and Professor Demura
have nothing to do with each other!
And by logic we can be sure that one of them is lying!
This is how it is:
if the cassette of which Mr. Nakamoto speaks were found,
his testimony would appear to be authentic!
And it goes without saying that suspicions towards Professor Demura would increase.
Therefore, all he needed to do?
was to steer the inference in the direction he wanted it to go
and make the illusion that the professor had died Irie.
An illusion? Drive the inference...?
Do you think he could really drive the inference in a deliberate way?
Yes, of course.
Indeed, it is possible.
To begin with, with the tape recorded...
I'm sure the killer has already gotten rid of the tape.
He just blurted it out,
and that led me to examine the garbage cans.
What made me think of the professor was....
No one would have suspected me if the professor hadn't lied!
I am absolutely sure!

Mr. Nakamoto said what he said!
And then...
And I think I have the answer.
Maybe he did it because it was somewhere and he doesn't want it to be known.
This comment alone has led me to believe...
...that maybe Professor Demura had gone to assassinate Mr. Irie.
And even more...
The professor could not even have eavesdropped on us.
When he brought up the subject of eavesdropping,
then we looked for bugs.
In other words, deliberately and very carefully remarking...
what was of interest to him about the essential things around the case,
Mr. Nakamoto has led me to deduce
that Professor Demura had committed the crime!
Therefore, the deduction was not really made by me;
I was directed to do it in a certain way!
And it was all Mr. Nakamoto's doing!
I get it.
Needless to say, I was sure you would understand, Inspector.
You never snuck into the professor's house.
"The only thing he sneaked into the Irie's house...
"When he was dramatizing the alibi,"
and who killed him, is you!
Surely, Professor Demura was in his study as he has stated.
Naturally, there has been no bug hidden anywhere either.
"You're just going to take the screws out of the plug and get rid of it."
Did I get something wrong, Mr. Nakamoto?
The whole tape recording story smelled like a scorcher right off the bat.
If they had put it there yesterday after the crime,
they would never have found it.
For one simple reason:
the garbage collection service
takes away the waste from that supermarket before dawn.
And the tape that shouldn't have been I found it there.
"So the tape wasn't in the garbage since yesterday,"
but it was put there after the truck took it away.
If it had been taken away, you would not have been able to guide us in finding it.
You have no evidence whatsoever to prove that, Mr. Mouri.
It's an inconsistent conclusion.
Detectives are specialists when it comes to making things up.
You're wrong.
This is not made up!
Mr. Nakamoto, unfortunately there was a witness!
A witness?
(Ring: ding-dong)
Excuse me, but a while ago Conan asked me to come.
Yes, Azusa,
because Mr. Nakamoto had to think...
of someone to make effective the deduction he had invented.
And it had to be a person that the police would listen to,
otherwise the thing would have no future!
So you are going to concentrate the attention on the famous Kogoro Mouri,
the person to whom even the police take off their hats.
But you worry that he wouldn't listen to you if you introduced yourself in any way.
So, to get him to listen to you,
you deliberately implicated me in the case...
by becoming a witness!
Co-how?
You knew I like to drink,
and you left an advertisement with my agency
where it said I could eat and drink whatever I wanted in a restaurant
from 8 to 10 at night...
In Kogoro there I would fall on all fours for sure!
And then, I would have to walk past the Irie floor after 10 pm.
after 10 o'clock at night.
"But to find the most suitable time,
"The Irie was to start his dramatization
after confirming that we were passing by."
He had no way of knowing that she was going to be killed,
so he followed the plan.
Okay, but then, how come the Azusa is a witness?
Well...
Hey, Nakamoto,
did you put this flyer in my mailbox yesterday morning?
She saw you doing it.
What do you say, Azusa?
Are you sure it was him?
I'm sure it was him!
Yes, it's him!
"Yesterday morning I passed by his side
"when he was putting a red sheet of propaganda in the mailbox."
I think it was the same one on the table.
We will surely find your fingerprints on this sheet.
First of all, this leaflet was only handed out...
in the area on the other side of the station.
Nakamoto, please answer me:
why come all the way to put the booklet in my mailbox?
I thought everything went well.
How did you find out, everything?
When did you suspect me?
You were talking too much.
Inspector Megure explained to me...
that last night a man walking the dog stopped him.

I told the inspector that it was a man who walked, but, attention!
In no way did I specify that he walked the dog.
I suppose I would have given him many more details
if we hadn't found a witness, of course...
I'm an idiot!
If I had gone there and stopped their fight,
everything would have gone down the drain.
So you're going to avoid by all means having him go to the ground.
The old man walking the dog is you, isn't it?
Oh!
Well, well, I was right in the end.
Mr. Mouri, you're a first-rate detective!
No, you're too good and everything!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

