Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of it all with intense rhythm.
Today we have a special with a case and a montage.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte mo!

THE ENTRANCE OF THE LABYRINTH
THE FURY OF THE GODDESS, (PART TWO)
(Male) Inspector Yokomizo!
The autopsy results are in!
The cause of death is a wound on the left side of the chest
made with a dagger.
No finger or palm prints were found on the dagger.
The time of death is believed to have been after he disappeared.
Perfect.
Just as we had guessed!
Good, thank you.
All right, now have the entire walkway sealed off.
And see to it that that woman disappears without a fuss.
(Man) Yes, sir!
Hey, sir, what is it, that hut down there?
It's a kind of barracks that the workers used to use
during the construction of the tunnel.
We were going to dismantle it tomorrow. And how come there's smoke coming out...?
I-I shouldn't disturb you, should I?
(Yokomizo) Mr. Yasunori Doumoto,
I need you to confirm something important...
Do you remember ever seeing this dagger?
Yes, Inspector.
It's one of the weapons in my father's collection.
Well, from the looks of the photo, it means someone stole it, right?
They had it well guarded, the collection?
No, anyone could have taken whatever they wanted.
-But the problem is... -Yes?
No, it's nothing... Never mind, let it go.
(Think) "This man is hiding something from us. What could it be?"
(Yokomizo) In this case, someone has attacked Mr. Doumoto...
and made it disappear from the cable car somehow.
There's a sticker with a saying stuck to the window!
I can only think that the murderer is one of you!
First of all, I would like to investigate the motive of the crime.
Who benefits most from Mr. Doumoto's death?
If you mean the inheritance, it must be us, his children.
In fact, no.
Who benefits the most is Yasunori.
Now he'll be able to grab all the power of Doumoto Travel.
Junpei!
Yasunori, brother, aren't you glad, that the father is dead?
You won't have to put up with him getting mad at you for the job.
You have as many reasons as I do, Rina.
What about us?
Are you talking about Aoyagi and me?
Why me?
You have wanted to cause a scandal in the company
and you're going to blackmail the father
sending letters and making threatening phone calls!
-But he didn't listen to you and... -Wait a minute!
Don't tell me you were blackmailing him with that story!
Mr. Aoyagi, what does all this mean?
In order to be able to finish this tunnel on time,
the construction company set very tough work schedules.
This led to an accidental collapse.
One worker was buried alive and, you may not believe it....,
but together they let him die.
For fear of giving the cable car a bad image,
the Eizo Doumoto silenced the family of the worker with money
to remove any trace of the accident.
I was so disappointed in my father that I left home!
How could you blackmail him?
Don't make me out to be a despicable scavenger.
I only asked if I could interview him about it.
But if he thought I was blackmailing him,
he must have really felt guilty.
You approached me from the beginning there, didn't you?
Well, you're the best testimony to what had happened.
You're miserable!
You're a genius, kid!
You've done with the Rina what you wanted.
But not with the father!
You couldn't get the money you wanted and you killed him, huh?!
I didn't kill him!
You'd better speak up for yourself, Junpei.
Father always refused to give you any loans.
You were furious, weren't you?

Look who's talking.
What about you, sis?
Stop it!
Consider taking the family's dirty laundry out in public?!
Mr. Machida, I understand...
that Tokai Nippo, the newspaper company you work for..,
was conducting an anti-Telefèric campaign.
How is it that out of all the media outlets out there,
just your company made the first trip?
To know.
We have also wondered about it.
Wouldn't it be better to ask the vice-president directly?
What, Mr. Yasunori, will you explain it to us?
Explain it?
The president was clear about one thing:
He wanted the opponents of the cable car to be the first to go up,
to make them understand the wonders
of the goal we had achieved.
(He thinks) "I don't know if he's telling the truth. Could there be some other reason?"
By the way, Mr. Machida,
you were by the cable car door, weren't you?
Are you implying that we pushed Mr. Doumoto out of the cabin?
I don't think that would be possible.
Because the door on Mr. Machida's side was locked.
Besides, the doors have a double lock and I have the keys.
So, you had free access to the door...
and could have opened it.
No, she could not have committed the crime either.
Mr. Eizo has resisted,
and with her little strength,
she would have been unable to move him and push him out.
You mean?
I don't think it's impossible...
Excuse me, I was sitting next to the door,
but I didn't feel it was opened.
But the windows couldn't be opened either...
And from what I've seen, the emergency exit wasn't used either.
How did they do it, then?
In any case, I would appreciate it if you could all walk downstairs.
We'll talk about the details below!
Ah... Mr. Yasunori, excuse me...,
may we use the special meeting room, please?
Yes, of course.
Mr. Yasunori is acting very strangely.
Yes, I'm sure he's hiding something.
"No, he wants to clarify something, but something makes him hesitate."
"What does he want to tell us? Earlier he blurted out..."
Everything is ready.
The preparations are perfect.
No one will notice anything.
"And a moment ago, when the Eizo's body was found..."
No, it can't be.
Things... they didn't have to go like this.
(Think) "Maybe they expected a very different outcome..."
Oysters, oysters, you!
Just because we wrote
the article "Does the curse of the goddess exist?", now we are suspects...
Surely we are cursed.
Don't be ridiculous!
We're in luck!
This is a big exclusive, don't you see?
"Eh? Wait a minute! The other result could be...!"
Assuming we were to ask Mr. Yasunori
to come to the police station of his own free will,
although we should find out how he made the body disappear
and made it reappear dead in a few seconds?
Yes, that's true.
This is the most serious problem.
The body can't have traveled all the way to the hand of the goddess by itself.
(He thinks) "Eh ? It can't be!"
"No, but if that were the case..."
"It should be that hut!"
"I've found it!"
"What's this?"
"Oh! There's something nailed to it."
"This is...!"
(Shinichi voice) A worker's pants.
This will do just fine!
Now... all I need... Can I use the mop!
Ah!
This works!
Hello! Ah!
Can you explain to me what you're doing here?
(Conan voice) You scared me!
What do you mean, I've scared you?
When you suddenly disappear you leave us very worried!
I'm very sorry.
Ah, one thing, Ran!
What do you want?
It's a little cold.
Can I borrow your jacket, please?
Eh?
Yes, of course you can.
You have it.
Thank you. Thank you.
Then I'll wait for you at the foot of the mountain.
Ah..., Conan!
What the...?
Why, man, and you just leave me lying there like that!
(Thinking) "Just as I thought!"
Mr. Yasunori, if my memory serves me correctly,
on the cable car you were sitting with Mr. Eizo.
It's strange that you didn't notice anything, don't you think?
Are you hiding something from us, perhaps?
No, Mr. Kogoro, I'm not hiding anything from you.
And I don't like you talking to me like I'm the murderer!
Come on, show me the evidence you have against me!

I did not say that you are the murderer!
As this is a complicated case, we are trying to find some clues...
by asking questions to all of you.
(Yasunori) Then why are the others asking questions?
Conan, what are you doing? (Yasunori) Ouch!
If you came down from the booth before me, how come you came after me?
Ah, I got lost, you know?
(Aoyagi) Why don't you let us go?!
Let's see if they get it through their heads that I had no reason to kill him!
You don't want to have anything to do with any of us,
because you can't blackmail us anymore.
No, it's just that I can't stand to see your disgusting quarrels anymore!
Watch what you say!
Please, everybody just calm down.
All right?
It'll just be a little while longer.
Just a moment, Inspector!
Hey, why don't we go up the cable car again?
The cable car, you say?
Hey, you, shut up!
Stay out of it, you little brat!
Yes, we'll go on it!
Stepping on the crime scene 100 times is the most effective!
Maybe we'll find something new!
(Think) "Let's go up to that thing again...?"
(Think) "There is no curse involved in this case!"
"I know why the Tokai Nippo reporters have been invited!
"On the first trip!"
"And the set-up that Mr. Eizo made disappear!"
"And the hand in the incinerator."
"I'll unveil the whole mystery inside the cable car!"
Hey..., Mr. Mouri, don't tell me you've got...
Shut up!
You have nothing to say?!
Oh, no, on the contrary!
That's a great consolation.
Now I know that a famous detective like you is just as human as we are!
Hey, listen, Ran... Eh?
(whispers)
Why should I do that? Xxxxt!
In Kogoro asked me to do it without anyone noticing.
The father, did he say so?
Hm.
Well understood...
10 sheep, 11 sheep, 12 sheep, 13 sheep...
Listen, Kogoro, who is trying to fall asleep, maybe?
Don't talk to me, so you make me discount, man!
Why was I going?
(He thinks) "Very well. I'll let you sleep as long as you want."
Ah.
Ah... Here we go again...
What a ?!
Mr. Mouri, what's wrong with you?
Aaah!
Finally he does it again!
But, father!
Run, take a picture of him.
Now it's the "Sleeping Kogoro"!
Yes, sir!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Yasunori,
I beg your pardon for all my rude remarks.
But I have to make it public that I knew you are not the killer.
I expected nothing less from you.
But now, please, let's be honest:
Hadn't you and Mr. Eizo planned something...
to surprise everyone at today's opening?
Mm?
Oh...!
A colossal ploy
that would have dispelled the rumors of the curse of the statue
that gave a bad image in the cable car,
and at the same time would have served to make a good propaganda!
Now I will try to reproduce his plan!
Eh?
What the fuck...?!
What the fuck is going on?
(Recording: Buddhist chanting)
It's... the same one that happened before!
Do you want to explain what's going on?
Stop, please!
What is it?
The Ran has disappeared?!
Just like when the father has disappeared!
-But, what, what does this mean?! -It's not possible, it's not possible! - It's not possible, it's not possible!
Mr. Mouri, where has she gone, your daughter?
Look at the statue of the goddess!
It can't be!
Eh ?!
But... what is it, what's in her hand?
It looks like Ran!
No... No... no, it's a doll with Ran's jacket!
That's right!
I made it out of some branches and a mop.
Ran..., you can come out now, please!
(At the same time) What?
Ugh...
But... it was under the seat!
They had assumed for a moment that this would be something colossal,
but Yasunori-san and Eizo-san's plan was very simple.
I'm right, aren't I?
Yes, you are right.
A few days ago I asked an acquaintance of mine who makes dolls
to make a rubber replica of my father...
Yesterday, the day before the inauguration...
"After leaving his group on the promenade,
"I stopped at the gazebo to pick up my father's replica...
"That I had asked to be made for us
"And I placed it in the palm of the statue of the goddess."
"The palm of the goddess is only visible from inside the cable car
"When you come out of the tunnel."
So we didn't have to worry about him being seen by anyone.

You have carried out the plan today
while the inauguration was taking place, didn't you?
Yes..., after entering the tunnel....
"I disconnected the light wires."
"When we were in the dark,
"I started up the cassette where I had recorded the Buddhist chant...
"After pretending to be terrified..,
"The father hid himself under the seat...
"And I... stuck the sticker with the saying on it to the glass."
I also threw Mr. Nakano's camera on the floor,
because I didn't want the flash light to reveal the whole setup.
The space under the seats is where we put the salvage material
and the weights that are needed when the wind blows hard.
"But I had taken it all out previously.
"While everyone was heading for the lookout....,
"The father had to go back to the tunnel with the empty cable car and jump."
"When he got to the lookout point,
"He took the doll out of the palm of the goddess statue...
"And after throwing it away, he put it on himself."
"The plan was that he had to greet us with a smile when we went."
You see, now?
Curses and witchcraft do not exist, in this world!
I wanted to convince everyone in a definitive way
that the rumor was unfounded.
That's why he invited us to come.
No!
That was not the only reason!
Mr. Eizo wanted to set a trap for Tokai Nippo!
He wanted to set us up?
What do you mean?
Hasn't it occurred to you why the ceremony started in the afternoon?
I guess it was a whim of the host...
You have sent an article from the top of the mountain, haven't you?
Leave a free page in tonight's edition!
The curse has been fulfilled!
The Eizo Doumoto has been stabbed!
Would you have had time to stop publication
of the news about the stabbing of Mr. Eizo?
The deadline for news delivery is 2/4 of 2!
Exactly, your newspaper would have published false information!
In other words,
Mr. Eizo wanted to prove that there was no curse,
and at the same time to tear Tokai Nippo's credibility to shreds!
Now I understand!
That's why he said what he said a while ago!
Yes, Machida, be brave.
But everything has a price.
You have played very dirty!
By the way, ladies and gentlemen....,
curses and spells aside...,
hides another really sad tragedy.
The accidental death of the worker.
The Rina told me all about it.
Mr. Yasunori, can you explain what happened?
Yes, I can.
The worker's name was Takahata.
His mother was quite ill
and had felt obligated to the Doumoto family for years,
then the father forced her not to advertise the affair
in exchange for money.
Did Mr. Takahata have any other relatives?
I understand her father divorced 10 years ago,
and took the youngest daughter with him.
Consequently,
it could be that his sister is on this cable car now!
You mean...
The only ones here...
Miss Yoshino.
Don't tell me that you...
Yes, without a doubt..,
the person who killed Mr. Eizo is you, Ayaka Yoshino!
-She... has murdered the father?
-I can't believe it!
The Ayaka is the murderer?!
No...
There is something obvious:
the murderer had to be someone who could act in secrecy
and who, because of his situation, was free from suspicion!
"The Ayaka, who stayed behind at the station so that he was not well,
"But he went up to the cabin."
"As the upper station was crazy because of what happened,
"No one noticed
"That he went up the cable car nor that he went to the lower station."
"You, Ayaka, who collaborated with the president,
"stabbed him on top of the palm of the goddess statue."
"Then you burned the doll representing him in the incinerator."
"But he did not make sure that everything was burned and returned."
Therefore, the only person who could have committed this crime is you,
who could have known Mr. Eizo and Mr. Yasunori's secret.
You mean, detective?
All these things you have explained are mere assumptions!

Mr. Yasunori, are you afraid to open the package I have here?
Yes, sir.
Is it this one?
-Oh!
This is...- Ah!
What is this?!
This is the hand of the rubber replica?!
That's right!
They found it in the incinerator!
When the Ayaka burned the doll,
something... very important was left intact, this hand!
Mm?
What's this?
It looks like a jewel or something...
Oh, it can't be!
Yes!
This piece of jade belongs to the brooch she's wearing.
If we enlarge the photograph taken of him during the inauguration,
it will be seen that before getting on the cable car
his needle had all the elements it consists of!
Yes, you are absolutely right, Mr. Mouri, you are absolutely right.
Can you explain to us why you did it?
Although the parents were divorced,
I was in contact with my brother and we encouraged each other.
Last year, when the mother became seriously ill, I went to see her in the hospital,
I went to see her in the hospital.
Then she tearfully explained to me
my brother's terrifying death and the hatred she felt for the Eizo.
He died soon after...
I hid my identity
and went to work at Doumoto Travel.
So I could take revenge on the Eizo for my brother's death.
Poor Ayaka, she was such a sweet and kind girl, and now....
The reason why the curse of the statue of the goddess...
has been passed down from generation to generation,
teaches us a great lesson.
It teaches us that if people do bad things
or commit unforgivable crimes,
then a terrifying end awaits us all.
Just like the case we have had.
Oh!
Oh, no!
I overslept!
Hey!
EEEEE!
Where'd he go, tothooooom?!
We're here, "Sleeping Kogoro"!
Doctor, call an ambulance and call the police!
Geez, what's this?
Hidden treasure?
Hell, no!
Don't tell me that, man!
Call the police right now!
There's no one here.
They've all gone to follow the killer!
And the next Conan: "The Great Fall from Ryujin Mountain"...

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

