Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of it all with intense rhythm.
Today we have a special with a case and a montage.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte mo!

THE ENTRANCE TO THE LABYRINTH.
THE FURY OF THE GODDESS, (PART ONE)
(Woman) "For hundreds of years,
"The mountain goddess of Tenbu...
"Has been worshipped by the villagers...
"And protects the peace of the village with her great power!"
"However, according to legends,
"Those who have provoked her fury have met a merciless death."
What a dreadful act!
How dare they open a tunnel in the mountain of rock
Which is the home of the goddess from time immemorial!
The curse of heaven will fall upon them!
Oh!
That's the statue of the goddess, isn't it?
(Woman) Exactly!
You can also see that dreadful cable car of sin!
May I know where you plan to go, all together?
Well, no... we're not quite sure...
(Thinking) "Let's go straight to that dreadful cable car. Look where!"
You must be Mr. Kogoro Mouri.
Yes!
You are beautiful!
So, you've come to fetch us, miss?
Yes, we've been waiting for you.
I am Ayaka Yoshino,
the secretary of the vice president of Doumoto Travel.
About that, miss, forgive me for taking the children with me.
I am the Ran Mouri.
This is Conan, who lives with us.
Hello, Ayaka!
Hello!
I'm pleased to meet you, Conan!
Aaah... It's so lively here!
(Kogoro) Yes, you can see it's a town that lives on tourism.
It is a great honor that you, the famous detective Kogoro Mouri,
is present at our cable car inauguration ceremony.
And now, on the contrary, bunny.
Oh!
There are quite a few people who are against the cable car.
It seems that they didn't make me come...
just to be present at the ceremony, did they, miss?
You're right... The president will explain the details.
Mm?
In this rural town we also know the good reputation
of a famous detective like you!
I'm convinced that the inauguration ceremony
will be considered a great event!
No m'afalagui.
It will be a pleasure to help you.
Well look, in fact we have asked him to come for another reason.
There must be so many people against the inauguration of the cable car...
that they would like to see the ceremony take place normally.
We would expect nothing less from you.
The only ones who are happy are the shopkeepers
and those who will make a profit.
As the father does things aggressively, he has many enemies.
I became independent when I was young
and I have an import-export business!
And as business is not going well for you, you come to ask for financial help, don't you?
What did you say?
I'm already at home!
Long time no see!
Hello, daughter, you've just arrived?
Yes!
Surely this is a great event for you!
You should come!
And I believe it.
You left suddenly and you've done what you wanted for a year!
You must have come back to ask for a loan.
What a tongue!
And what do you have to say?!
You're the first one to smoke out of the tourist business!
Enough!
Rina, who is it, your escort?
It's Tetsuya Aoyagi, a freelance journalist.
He says he would like to write an article.
The Rina has explained to me that they have been very lean,
until they were able to inaugurate the cable car.
Unpleasant things happened while they were building the tunnel, didn't they?
So you are Mr. Aoyagi.
You want to win the Rina's sympathy.
-I'm going to talk to you on the phone.
Wh-What are you talking about?
"Are you blackmailing them about something they don't want known?"

Vice-president, what about a test trip with Mr. Mouri...
to prepare for the inauguration ceremony?
That is an excellent idea!
Then we will see the magnificent scenery from the viewpoint at the top,
the pride and joy of Doumoto Travel!
Aaaaah...! It will be great fun!
(Thinking) "Ah, so in Kogoro..."
Ay, mamita!
Oh, Mommy!
Ay, mamita...!
And now, Mr. Mouri, don't tell me you have vertigo!
I'm fine, as long as I don't have to look down.
It's beautiful!
It's 3,000 meters to the top and we'll be there in 10 minutes.
What is it, that?
It's a mountain walk.
It will be closed until we open the doors to the public.
After the cable car ride up,
you will be able to walk down, while enjoying nature!
Am I wrong, if I seem to understand...
that they have put an end to the protests with a financial solution?
However, we are still receiving threatening phone calls...
asking us to call off the inauguration.
Can you think of anyone who might be threatening?
No, it's not just one or two people, just....
There's also a priestess named Shizuka Kamiyama
who lives in a temple here.
She makes a stir saying that the gods will be furious.
Local newspapers published an article about it:
"Is there such a thing as a goddess curse?"
This frightens people and has brought us headaches.
Eh?
This cable car that just passed is empty, right?
When one cable moves in one direction,
the other moves the other way.
It works like the bucket of a well that goes up and down in two strokes.
Yes?
Now I get it.
Do I?
What... what is this?!
The 500 disciples of the Buddha to nirvana.
Now we make a journey inside the womb of the goddess.
Does it mean that we will have good luck, if we pass through the body of the goddess?
I guess you can say so.
The man called Aoyagi mentioned something about the construction of this tunnel
about the construction of this tunnel, didn't he?
I'd bet anything that he's planning to stage a scandal
to suck money out of the company.
The Rina should keep watch, with this one.
Why did he explain such a delicate matter to her?
Sensitive matter?!
What are you talking about?
It's just family matters, it's not worth talking about.
It takes about 30 seconds to get out of the tunnel.
You see?
When the cable car reaches this point,
the top half of the statue of the goddess appears.
800 years ago they carved the rock mountain in the shape of the goddess.
The hand that is extended downwards
is the form of the Yogano or wishes granted.
And with the other she holds the Nyoihoju,
a crystal sphere that keeps away disasters and unhappiness.
Whoever wants to see it up close can access the viewing platform via the stairs.
(Think) "Now I understand why the priestess was so angry."
"She had her reasons."
Oh!
There's a fantastic view!
You don't get to see views like this every day.
People look tiny, when you see great things like this!
Yes, but tiny people are able to work...
with such a great nature and turn it into a tourist spot!
Eh?
This is?
It's a souvenir from mother, a brooch with jade pieces.
Ha-ha... No, it's not that...
The needle is very pretty,
but I see you look a lot like the goddess on the statue!
Really? Yes, kind and refined.
Thank you very much.
But m'afalagues mass.
I do not exaggerate anything!
Right, Conan? Not at all.
-Miss Yoshino. -Yes?
Will you please accompany Mr. Mouri at the hotel?
Yes, I will, sir.
What will you do?
I'll go down the promenade
and do some checks of the facilities.
I'll see you at the ceremony tomorrow.
Wow, you're quite a vice-president, but also a very diligent man.
Of course he is, Mr. Mouri!
The whole company depends on him.
Aaaah!
Ha-ha-ha!
That's fantastic!
Come on, father, put down the beer!
You've had enough!
But daughter, they've reserved a suite for us!
I want to enjoy the occasion body and soul, and I don't want to hear any reproaches.
Well, yes, I suppose it's a luxurious room.
Isn't that too much for us?
They must be loaded with money!
Don't worry, stop that!
Anyway, it seems to me that Junpei and the Rina...
have financial problems.

You are absolutely right.
Besides, they didn't get along with each other.
(Drunk) When the time comes to divide the inheritance, it will be hell!
Surely all the disagreements will come out...!
Don't go on, father!
What a thing to say!
(Thinking) "Why must they have the inauguration ceremony in the afternoon?"
Machida, shouldn't we be here for the interviews,
and not just sit here?
Don't be afraid!
I didn't come here to write an article that will fail!
Where the hell did you go, Conan? I had to go to the bathroom.
Conan, the ceremony will start right away.
I agree.
The preparations are perfect.
No one will notice anything.
We can already take a good stretch out of the pot.
You've got a lot of perfection!
You can't even get rid of a blackmailing hyena like Aoyagi!
-But I... -I don't want you to talk again!
The only important thing in business is results!
This proves that I can't let you leave the company!
Chairman, please start getting ready.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Eizo Doumoto...,
president of Doumoto Travel and the main figure of the inauguration
of the Tenbu Mountain Aerial Tramway,
will address a few words to you.
(Audience: applause and cheers)
Ladies and Gentlemen,
I thank you very much for your presence at this memorable event.
We at Doumoto Travel are the leaders in the world of tourism in the 21st century and we have always preserved the heritage.
and we have always preserved the heritage...
You are damn sinners!
Listen to me.
The curse of heaven will fall on those who are here!
What are you doing?!
Take pictures!
How dare you open a tunnel under the lotus pedestal of the goddess?!
This is absolutely abominable!
Listen and feel this shame!
May the wrath of the gods fall upon the Eizo Doumoto!
It seems that we have a person we had not invited,
but I beg you to pay no attention to him.
Even the newspapers have committed the irresponsibility
to write nonsense about the statue!
However, I, Eizo Doumoto,
solemnly promise that I will put all this nonsense out of your heads!
That is why it is my pleasure to announce that today we have
among our honored guests joining us,
the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
(Audience: exclamations of surprise)
From it... Well, hello everyone.
I am Kogoro Mouri!
Thank you very much, thank you very much! - (audience: applauds)
Hey, Machida, this is extraordinary!
-Kogoro Mouri is here! -Don't you think there's a catch?
You mean it's not him?
That he's an impostor?
No, it doesn't matter...
(Think) "Why the hell should he have summoned us, the Eizo Doumoto?"
(People: applause and shouts of joy).
Now, the cable car will begin its first trip!
The second group will board the second cable car,
which will be here when the first one has reached the top!
Have a good trip!
(Think) "Hey ? These two work for Tokai Nippo....,
"The newspaper company that attacks Doumoto Travel."
"Why are they on the first trip,
"passing in front of the other media?"
(Acoustic signal: jingle)
A bunch of unconscious people...
Ay, mamita!
Oh, Mommy...
Look, look, Aoyagi, the view is fantastic!
Mr. Machida, do you like it?
Why don't you write something positive about us for once?
Trying to bribe me?
If you've done so well, I'll write an article to publicize it.
(Flow) Yes, be brave.
But think that everything has a price.
Hey, Machida, look at these statues down here!
The 500 disciples of the Buddha to nirvana?!
How can you possibly do these atrocities with money?!
I'd rather you took me for a religious man.
The people will speak out
and an avalanche of visitors will come to show their devotion
and prayed to the goddess and the disciples!
I have every reason in the world
for the goddess to give me her gratitude and towards because she curses me!
Eh?
What-what's wrong?
What?
What?!
A blackout?!
(Eizo) Hey!
What are you doing?!
No!
Are you...?!
Somebody light a lamp! - (punching)
Fire the camera flash!
Yes, it's true!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

Fire the flash again! Yes.
What the fuck...?!
This is...
This is absurd! This is...
And the president?!
He has disappeared!
"The windows can not be opened!"
"The reporters are on the left, next to the door!"
"The Ayaka, in the door on the right!"
"The roof has only one ventilation opening!"
"The emergency exit has not been used."
"Where did it go?!"
Oysters!
What is it, this saying?!
"As they give, so they take?"
(Think) "Such give, such take?"
Will you pay for your sins?
Look!
The-the father is there!
As it says ?!
Of course it is!
It's him, Mr. Doumoto! He's got something stuck in his chest!
Inform us with the mobile!
Yes, it will be done as you say.
In a few minutes we'll be at the top!
"It's ridiculous! How can something like this happen?!"
A misfortune has befallen the president!
Call the police!
Yes, sir!
We'll go down to the statue by the promenade!
I'm at Machida!
Leave a free page in the evening edition!
The curse has been fulfilled!
The Eizo Doumoto has been stabbed!
Ayaka, what's wrong?
What's wrong with you?
Are you all right?
Don't worry about me, go see the president.
Yes!
Let's go right now.
Come on, Conan!
(snorts)
Mr. Mouri, up these stairs we'll get to the statue!
(Thinks) "It takes a quarter to climb."
It's been stabbed in the left side of the chest and it's dead!
Oh!
Father!
(Cries)
It can't be!
You can't seriously say that the president is dead!
I understand how you feel, but he's dead.
No, it can't be.
Things... they didn't have to go like this.
Vice President, stay calm!
Hey, Ayaka, are you all right now?
Yes, I'm fine.
I won't be a proper secretary if I faint at times like this.
Yes, it's good and dead.
I've arrived!
Yokomizo!
It's you!
Oh!
Mr. Mouri!
You again?!
What do you mean?
Do you take me for the god of death?
You know what?
Forget about me, may the goddess help you!
For me it is a pleasure to feel your deductions again.
Don't tell me this is a curse...
(Flow) Because there are rumors that say things like that.
How can it occur to you?
No doubt the murderer is among the people who were on the cable car!
What are you saying?
Is it true?
The murderer is among this group of people?!
(Kogoro) I have no doubt.
We heard that someone fought with Mr. Eizo before he disappeared.
Surely, the murderer, in some way that escapes me....,
must have pushed Mr. Eizo out of the cable car.
But this person who was inside was not able to get out...
until the cable car reached the station, right?
He must have had an accomplice inside the tunnel.
I don't think that's likely.
What?!
What are you talking about?!
Let's see if you keep your mouth shut, kid!
Wait a second, Mr. Mouri.
Conan, what did you mean?
The fact is that it only takes 30 seconds to go through the tunnel.
Even if there was an accomplice,
you couldn't move the victim
from the tunnel to the palm of the goddess in 30 seconds...
Miss Ayaka, is there a secret elevator or whatever...
that connects the tunnel to the viewing platform?
There is nothing like it.
There are stairs that connect the viewing platform to the tunnel
for maintenance work.
The killer has used this path!
In any case, it wouldn't take anyone less than 3 minutes...
to go up to the hand of the statue.
3 minutes ?!
Aaa... 3 minutes, wait a minute.
From the instant of the blackout
until we found Mr. Eizo in the statue's hand,
30 seconds have passed.
If it takes 3 minutes, well....
No, no way, it would have taken longer.
It is unthinkable that Mr. Doumoto would have remained silent
while he was kidnapped!
This means that she was killed at the same time.
If someone had to carry her body on his back,
it would take twice as long, 6 minutes.
No, it would have taken longer.
(He thinks) "Exactly!"
"This is what makes it all the more inconceivable that the victim disappeared!"

It is the malediccióóóóóóó!
It is a divine vision!
The dead body in the hand of the statue of the goddess!
Surely it is a punishment by the Eizo for having become greedy!
It's divine justice!
(He thinks) "This is too far-fetched,
"Too unbelievable to call it murder'!"
"Don't tell me this... is some kind of curse?"
"It's all very strange. Did his spirit do it?"
"It's really triggered by the goddess's fury?"

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

