Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of it all with intense rhythm.
Today we will hear a mysterious legend surrounding a pond.
The water changes color and turns the mill wheel.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Woman) Don Mouri?
You mean the famous detective?!
(Kogoro) Well, yes...
Mr. Shiro Suzuki from the Suzuki consortium
announced that someone would be coming to represent you,
but I didn't imagine it would be you.
Come on, you'll make me turn red!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I can tell you're a tea ceremony professional.
It's a beautiful mansion!
(Thinking) "Tea ceremony, what a stick."
"I don't know why I came here."
Come on, Conan!
Come on, Conan!
SIII.
"I'd better get used to the idea."
THE MANSION OF THE LEGEND OF THE LAKE OF THE 5 COLORS, (PART 1)
Wow!
How beautiful!
It's beautiful!
What a wonderful landscape, isn't it, guys!
But how funny that it's golden color!
You are right.
Is this the first time you see this pond?
At this time of the year, the surface of the water has 5 different shades?
according to the inclination of the sun.
Of course, that's why this mansion is popularly called...
the mansion of the 5-color pond, right?
That's exactly right.
By the way, with whom do I have the pleasure?
Ah, excuse me a moment.
May I introduce the disciples...
Mr. Yakura, antique dealer,
and Miss Mimura, company manager.
E... pleased to meet you.
They are Mr. Kogoro Mouri, the famous detective, and his family.
Well, that famous detective!
Pleased to meet you.
Well, now that everyone is here,
I'll inform the master of your presence.
What master is he talking about?
He means the master of the tea ceremony.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I am very intrigued.
Without being a famous detective,
with the bad temper the master has, will he give you a good reception?
I told you I don't like this kind of thing.
I'm sorry, it's just that Sonoko insisted.
(Thinking) "Wow! The housekeeper!"
"This means... the master must be there."
Hey, Ran, that building in the middle of the pond is the teahouse?
What?
Ah, now that you mention it, maybe it is.
How elegant, it's beautiful!
Surely that must be the teahouse! (Boy) Yes, that's right.
They built it in the middle of a pond that changes color,
that's why they call it the 5-color house.
It is made to forget for a few moments the daily affairs.
"The five-colored hut"?
It's a beautiful tea house!
Hello, Ryoichi.
May I introduce the master's son.
Mr. Mouri, thank you very much for coming.
Well, well.
So, you've already heard?
Why don't you tell him the story of the legend?
The legend?
What legend?
Well..., it's about a legend about this pond.
I'm sorry, but I'd rather not talk about it.
I just came up to say hello.
If you'll excuse me...
Stop it, Mimura.
Stop pestering Ryoichi for once.
I'll tell him over a cup of tea in the other room.
They say this story dates back to the late Edo period.
At that time, this pond gushed with an abundance of...
pure, fresh water,
and it was much older than it is now.
"One fine day a very pretty girl appeared at the edge of the pond...
"Who changed the tone of the water by playing her flute...
"And amused the people who came near."
"But a rich merchant became infatuated with the girl...
"And had a mansion built on the edge of the pond."
"The girl accepted his proposal of marriage,
"on the condition that the tin melted her
"And that he would let no one in."
"But the merchant broke the promise
"And built a chamber with the bedroom in the middle of the lake."

"The girl begged him to take her away,
"And the merchant was so enraged that he killed his wife...
"And threw her into the bottom of the pond."
"One night, a giant snake appeared from the lake...
"And attacked the merchant."
"The giant snake was actually the girl."
"It was the spirit that lived in the pond."
"The merchant was badly wounded,
"but he managed to take refuge in the bedroom."
"As he had a talisman hung there
"that scared away the evil spirits,
"The snake did not attack him again."
"But the spirit watched day and night without rest...
"That the merchant would come out of hiding."
"Finally, they explain that the merchant, exhausted,
"hung himself inside the building."
Even today they say that if the pond changes color,
it's because the spirit transforms into a girl and makes the flute sound.
And to think that such a beautiful pond has a legend like this?
Gentlemen, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
You can come into the tea house now.
Oh, dear.
Isn't Mr. Ryoichi coming with us?
(laughs) He's the master's only son,
but he's never been interested in the tea ceremony.
Oh, that's a pity.
By the way, we haven't met the master of the tea house yet.
Excuse me, I'm very sorry.
Lately the master hardly ever leaves his room.
That is true.
Let alone dares to cross this bridge alone.
Well...
Dear master, the guests are already here.
Master, may I sit down?
Maybe the snake has eaten him.
I don't know.
Ah!
But may I know what are you doing?!
The spirit!
Aaaaah!
How dare you spy on me, you insolent turkey?!
You should learn to respect a sacred place like this!
Get out of here!
I want you to leave this teahouse right now!
Master, calm down..., please!
It's Mr. Mouri, your guest.
(Master) What?
A guest?
You mean he's coming on behalf of...?
(Thinking) "Oysters..."
"Gee, what's a water mill doing there?"
Hey, that water mill is part of the decoration?
It brings water to the canals in the garden.
It looks to me like it's electrically powered now.
It's programmed to turn at a certain time.
Before, the water was very good for tea,
but since they built the house the amount of water has decreased.
Xxxt!
Hush, Mimura, the master will feel you.
"Wow..."
(Master) I thank you for taking the trouble to come all this way.
Please excuse... my behavior.
It would be an honor to enjoy your company all day.
-I and my family thank you for your kind invitation.
"Oh, my..., it's full of charms to ward off evil spirits."
"They are everywhere."
"Are you afraid of the spirit of the pond?"
Master, I was wondering if you've had a chance to take a look...
at the piece of pottery I gave to Mrs. Hanazaki earlier.
What a ?
It's a piece that has been passed down through the generations.
Hm.
I congratulate you, you have had a very good eye.
I can tell that as a good antique dealer you have many contacts.
I will use this mug for tonight's ceremony.
Thank you very much, master.
It is a piece worthy of crowning my last tea ceremony.
-What?! - What do you mean, "the last ceremony"?!
Mr. Mouri, for we have some golden ones of excellent quality.
Would you like a glass, now?
Ah, sure...
Hey, Hanazaki, go warm up the sake, come on.
-Master!
-Master!
"The last ceremony? What do you mean?"
Ouch!
Ouch!
Ay!
Ay, ay, ay, ay!
How bad!
AIII!
My legs have fallen asleep!
Stop it, father!
I'm embarrassed!
I'll stay to make preparations for the ceremony.
No one is to go near the teahouse. As you say, master.
Where are you going, Mimura?
I have an errand to run.
What is it?
I'll be right back.
He always goes to his.
Just now when the master is going to perform the tea ceremony...
Ah, Mr. Yakura, your bath is ready.
Thank you very much, Mrs. Hanazaki.
Look at this!
The tin has changed color!
(Kogoro) The reflection of the light has disappeared...
and as you see the inside of the pond, it is green.

When the sun begins to set, it will turn red.
(Sliding)
Mrs. Hanazaki!
What happened to this fishing rod?!
Well...
the master asked me to burn it.
Of course he did... I knew it!
Don't do it, Mr. Ryoichi!
Ryoichi!
Don't forget we have guests.
You'd better wait until the tea ceremony is over.
I know that.
I just wanted to get rid of the fishing rod.
Fishing is the only hobby he has in Ryoichi.
The master is capable of doing very cruel things...
Suddenly calling out, burning the fishing tools...
It seems to me that it's not just a matter of having a bad temper.
Last year, when they finished building the teahouse, his wife died and he was pretty upset,
his wife died, and he was quite touched.
The lady deeply respected the legend
and opposed the construction of the house until the very last moment.
This story is very similar.
Well, yes..., even among us disciples,
there is a rumor that they have seen the shadow of the spirit.
Of course, I understand.
So, the teacher's bad temper is due to the fear he feels for the spirit?
No, it is not.
In fact he laughs, and says it is an absurd legend.
If you will excuse me, I have to go and make preparations.
Well, I should also go take a bath.
If you'll excuse me...
Do you really believe it exists, the spirit...?
Ah.
Don't talk nonsense, woman!
Uh!
Wh-who's there?!
Gee, what are you doing here?
Are you bored?
A little bit...
This big fish in the picture, did you catch it?
Yes, that's right.
Conan!
I've been looking for you for a long time.
Ah, sorry, no...
What do you say, eating cake in the visitors' room?
I'm all right.
Hey, Conan.
Where have you been?
It was in Mr. Ryoichi's room.
There's the footprint of a huge fish hanging on the wall.
Ryoichi is an ace fisherman.
From time to time he takes me, but I have no trace.
(Alarm: fiu, fiu)
It's the alarm... Someone must have come in without knocking.
(Thinking) "Hey..., what's wrong with him? Why is he looking sideways?"
It's turned red!
It's so bright that I can't see anything.
4 o'clock.
Precisely at this hour the reflection of the sun's rays become diffuse.
Wow, it's hot!
Hanazaki, will you bring me something cold to drink?
Miss Mimura, would you mind telling me where you went?
What are you talking about?
You don't have to do anything!
"Her kimono's all messed up and she's sweating hard..."
"You can tell she's come here in a hurry."
What you've done is not right, Mimura.
You should have thought of the guests!
Who are you to say anything to me?
Just when the master is about to perform the tea ceremony!
How could you even think of leaving?!
Come, come, please, calm down.
Remember that the master will perform his last ceremony today.
What's that?
That's true.
But you were impatient for the master to retire!
What are you insinuating, Mimura?!
I've had enough of your gossip!
Come on, man...
All right, all right, it's my fault.
Gee, even the color of the pond makes me feel hot.
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What's the matter?
What?!
W-what if it's...?!
The teacher!
-Ah! -Father!
Aah!
Geez, what is it, this blood?!
-I can't!
It's locked! -Isn't there another entrance?
-For the kitchen entrance. Ryoichi!
The kitchen entrance is also locked.
I'll have to kick it down.
Ah!
Master!
Master!
There's nothing to do, he's quite dead.
Father...
(Cries)
It's the legend.
It's the legend!
The spirit of the lake has killed the master just like the legend says!
(Cries)
Father!
(cries)
Like this?
Well!
But it's you, Conan!
Inspector Yokomizo!
This means that Mr. Mouri is here.
Hm.
It's on the other side.
Gee, Mr. Mouri.
Good to see you again!
How are we doing?
Well, I'm not happy to see you, Inspector Yokomizo.
Come on, don't be ashamed to admit it.
Inspector Yokomizo, for the moment that's all we know,
but the small front entrance was locked from the inside
with a wooden shelf.
And the sliding doors of this window were slightly open,

but as can be seen, it is barred.
There is also the entrance to the kitchen,
but it was locked from the inside.
So it is a locked room.
Yes.
The time of death is between 2/4:4 and 4:00 p.m.
The body is hemorrhaging,
but appears to have died of asphyxiation due to strangulation of the neck.
This is a suicide.
Note this bloodstain.
First the master attempted suicide here
by cutting his wrist,
but as he was unable to die, he went inside to hang himself.
This would explain the bloodstains all the way inside.
"If he had committed suicide inside because he could not take his own life outside,
"He wouldn't have bothered to lock the door."
"Eh? The water mill wheel is turning..."
Geez..., it's pretty narrow, that!
"What?"
"There are the marks that a sharp object has been stuck in it."
"Eh? What a strange cut it has, the rope..."
"It looks like it's been cut with a knife halfway through.
"And the rest of it was broken."
(Kogoro) The kakejiku is unfolded.
He was probably making preparations for tonight's tea ceremony.
And under the circumstances,
he must have been seized by an irrepressible urge to die.
"The calligraphy is half done."
"And these crumbs?"
"They are sawdust!"
"There are also on the tatami..."
"Of course! They're from the beam where the rope was hanging."
"But, wait a minute. The column also has some scratches on it."
"Uhm... I don't quite see it."
Mecàsum the nano!
What are you doing here?
Come out right away and don't bother!
Ay, ay, ay, ay... Eh...
Can you put me on your shoulders?
What are you doing now?!
Come on, get out of here!
Hey, what are you doing?!
"I knew it!"
"There's a scratch mark
"In a different place from where the rope hung."
"And besides, it's recent..."
Ouch!
Aaaah!
Hey, Kogoroooo! Espavila't you alone!
(Yokomizo) That the spirit of the legend has died?
Do you really expect a member of the police to swallow this story?
There is no doubt about it!
The traces of blood on the jogger, and the fact that she hung herself!
Everything, absolutely everything fits the legend!
Assuming that the spirit did not exist,
what is certain is that the master has died just as the legend says.
It would be the same as if the spirit had died.
I knew it was not a good idea to build this tea house.
It has brought nothing but headaches.
After it was finished,
the master's wife died of a heart attack...
Now, even the master has left us.
This is all in the spirit.
Hum!
This means that...
It is clear that the master was quite psychologically affected,
it's certainly a suicide.
Yes...
(Thinking) "No, you're wrong. This is no suicide!"
"It's a murder!"
"One of them has used an ingenious trick.
"To kill the master and make it look like suicide!"
"But who?"
"Who is the real spirit of this demonic legend?"
"Eh ?! The knot of this rope?"
"What if it turns out that..."
You thought you were gaining their trust.
But that's what you were doing!
You wanted to be his successor so badly
that you spent money from your company.
-You're just looking at appearances....
" 'You only look at appearances?"
And the next Conan:
"The Mansion of the Legend of the 5 Colored Pond Legend (Part 2)."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

