Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
I tell the heart to be strong
and go to the essence of everything with intense rhythm.
Today we will see a pond that changes color.
When it turns red the case will be solved.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "We went to the Aonogi family mansion.
"To attend a tea ceremony.
"On behalf of the Sonoko and her father."
"In the garden of the mansion there was a pond that changed color,
"and in the middle was a teahouse accessed by a bridge."
"While we were enjoying the colors of the pond,
"something unexpected happened."
"The master died inside the teahouse,
"Just like in a legend that spoke of that pond."
(Think) "No, you're wrong. This is no suicide!"
"It's murder!"
"One of them has used an ingenious trick.
"To kill the master and make it look like suicide!"
"But who?"
"Who is the real spirit of this demonic legend?"
THE MANSION OF THE LEGEND OF THE LAKE OF THE 5 COLORS, (2ND PART)
(Yokomizo) So, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon,
you were all gathered in this room,
and from this balcony you saw the corpse.
So far, so good?
Yes, precisely the tin had started to look red.
I remember that Mr. Ryoichi looked at the clock and checked the time.
and checked the time.
Yes, it was 4 o'clock.
I looked toward the teahouse, but the father's body was gone.
Then, the lady came back, and after a while, everything happened.
Could you tell me... what exactly did you do until then?
I took a bath for about half an hour.
I had some errands to run and I had to go out.
Would you mind telling me where you went?
It's a personal matter.
I'm not obliged to answer!
Mm... Mrs. Hanazaki...
I was in the kitchen, making dinner,
and I was coming here to serve the guests.
And you, Mr. Ryoichi?
Well, I... I was going in and out of the visiting room...
I was told that the master had burned the cane that you loved so much.
that you loved very much.
Well... it's true, but...
Tell me what really happened.
He had asked me to present myself at the tea ceremony.
"That once there he would name me as his successor."
This was his intention.
This can't be, you are totally ignorant of the tea ceremony!
What are you saying!
That at this point the master would say something like that...!
So, Mr. Ryoichi, what have you done?
Have you accepted?
No way!
Obviously I refused.
Because you refused, the master burned your cane,
which made you resent your father.
W-wait a moment.
(Kogoro) Just a moment, Inspector Yokomizo.
When the master has died,
we were all, including Mr. Ryoichi, in this room.
Assuming someone had gone to the teahouse to assassinate him,
we would have seen it from the balcony, as you can see.
I've spent the whole time sitting on the bench.
And I haven't seen anyone coming over the bridge.
(He thinks) "This means everyone has a perfect alibi."
"Come to think of it,
"Miss Mimura has brought something from outside."
"She looked worried that no one would see her..."
"I'm convinced she hasn't had time to hide it. Therefore..."
"It's here!"
"I knew it... Just as I thought!"
(Kogoro) Could you give me a glass of water?
Sorry, it's just that my throat is so dry...
-Here, sir. -Ah... Thank you very much.
I'll make some tea for everyone right away.
Hey, Mrs. Hanazaki.
Tell me, my boy.
How come Ryoichi, even though he's an only son, doesn't want to be the successor?
Well, I don't know.

Mecàsum the little boy.
How can you think of asking such a personal question?
Ah.
But now that you say it, would you mind telling me why?
Because I did not want to be like the father.
The father was very proud and did not stop making the mother cry...
But it is normal that he wants the son to inherit the title of master,
just like his ancestors did.
When you are a teacher, you receive a spectacular honorarium...
to attend colloquiums and to take courses,
and the successor also inherits the family teacups.
But my father's interests went no further.
He means that if he had accepted,
he would have been able to continue doing the same life he had done?
These are precisely the things I didn't like about my father.
Mrs. Hanazaki, let me help you.
Ah, thank you very much.
If you disliked him so much, why didn't he leave home?
How... dare you?!
In fact, I've already been gone too long, me, my boy.
Since I couldn't take care of the master on my own,
he agreed to come back to help me.
That's understandable.
On the condition that I would not be his successor.
Since the father had no one to keep his accounts,
in exchange he agreed to let me stay on.
However, the master insisted that you be his successor.
If you do the bookkeeping,
you will know the total wealth of the Aonogi family, won't you?
-What are you saying? - Is it true, what you say?
In the event that the head of the family dies before the successor is appointed,
you would be his heir, am I wrong?
Even more: you would be free to take the place of the master.
What is the real reason that made you come back?
How dare you?
The master had been in poor health for a long time already!
He came back because he was worried about his father!
That's enough.
Thank you, Mrs. Hanazaki.
Well, if you'll excuse me, I'll take this.
(Yokomizo) The master was afraid of the spirit of the lake,
and so he locked himself in the teahouse...
nailing on charms everywhere to ward off evil spirits.
Besides, he didn't want strangers to come near him.
Yes, sir.
That's why we installed the alarm.
This way, the possibility of an outsider coming in is remote, practically nil,
practically nil.
(Thinking) "That's true."
"Besides, the teahouse is surrounded by the lake..."
"If someone had crossed the only bridge that leads to it.
"We would have seen it from here."
"How did he do it, the murderer?"
(Mimura) What are you up to?!
You thought that by giving her valuable cups of tea.
you'd gain his trust,
but the master wasn't such a fool!
And you were so eager to be the successor of the master
that you spent your company's money
to the point of endangering it!
Please calm down!
All I'm doing is asking you about the master's personality.
What the...?
What's wrong with this cup?!
Hanazaki, this cup has a crack in it.
Ah, I'm sorry, I'm very sorry.
What's the matter?
Since you only look at appearances and don't look at the inside....
(Thinking) "You only look at appearances?"
Calm down.
With all you've been through, you must be upset.
Really?
Hanazaki, aren't you glad, that the master is dead?
He made your dear mistress suffer,
and I'm sure he also shortened her life!
What you say is not true!
Mrs. Hanazaki has always taken good care of my father!
Well, maybe the two of you were the ones who caused the master to commit suicide,
with this legend of the lake spirit...
But what the...?!
How cruel!
(Cries)
Mrs. Hanazaki!
(Cries)
-Mrs. Hanazaki... -How could she think that I hated her?
Don't listen to her, you know how she is, Miss Mimura.
She's very direct.
This photo is of the owner?
She seems like a very nice person.
Yes, she really was a very nice person.
Just looking at the photo makes me feel very comforted.
That's why there are so many pictures of her, in the house.
Wow...
He never reproached me for not liking the tea ceremony.
He even accompanied me when I went fishing.
(Thinking) "This knot...?!"
"H-here! These are the footprints I was looking for!"
"If my deductions are correct..."
"Just as I thought."
"There is no doubt that the murderer is the one....

"That when the corpse was discovered he was behaving strangely!"
"The murderer must have left some evidence behind."
"Eh? This is...!"
"I've already found it! The irrefutable proof!"
Well, gentlemen, thank you for your cooperation.
So, can we go?
Yes, we are sure that this is a suicide.
"Oysters!"
Conan, where are you going?
Ya marxem.
I Kogoro where is it?
Come down right away.
D'acord!
Aaaah... It's over!
We're going home!
"Fine with me, but first you'll take a nap!"
Now we just have to wait for the autopsy results.
Thank you.
Inspector Yokomizo!
Mr. Mouri says to ask you if you plan to let the murderer go,
now that he has him in front of him.
The murderer, you say?
Father, you've reacted.
It's about time!
What did you mean by that, Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) I'm sure you've already realized, Inspector.
The teacher did not commit suicide as the evidence led us to believe,
but he was murdered.
Would you mind explaining that, please?
How lucky we were to have a famous detective here!
We'll have some fun.
Well, I'll tell you the facts briefly.
While the pond was turning red,
the crime was committed in a place unknown to all.
We had arranged that when the corpse was discovered
they were gathered in this room, right?
Don't you remember this?
Exactly, while the murderer was in this room...
hung the body of the master to the beam of the teahouse,
by means of a rope!
How... you say ?!
A-a rope?!
The murderer, based on the legend of the spirit of this lake,
"He stabbed the master on the terrace,
"and strangled it with a rope from behind until it killed him."
"Then he has taken another rope that he had hidden.
"He made it pass over the rafter
"And tied a kind of knot in it.
"Which, when one end is stretched, tightens."
"He has encircled the master's neck with a head,
"He has passed the other end of the rope over the beam
"And has drawn it out through the barred window."
"He took a third rope
"Which he had tied to the axle of the millstone wheel
"And tied it to the head that was coming out of the room through the window."
"These are the preparations
"Of the trick to achieve the simultaneity of the facts."
"Lastly, he nailed some pins in the wood of the door...,
"With a rubber band he made a bow that he tightened with the metal piece...
"That is used to hang the kakejiku,
"He has placed the kakejiku in such a way that the door was open"
and left the trick of the closed room ready.
There was the mark of a few small holes on the door of the entrance.
What?
What do you mean?
Afterwards, the murderer returned to this room...
and secured his alibi.
What does he say now?
Is this true?
At 4 o'clock the pond has turned red,
the water mill is programmed to start running...
"Then, the rope has been winding around the axle of the wheel....
"And it has been stretching the corpse of the master towards the interior of the house."
"The body ran into the kakejiku holding the door...
"And made it fall, so that the door was bolted shut."
"Once the rope has lifted the corpse up to the beam,
"the knot became tighter and tighter,
"And the small cut that the murderer had calculatedly made...
"finished breaking the rope, which came outwards...
"twisting around the axle of the mill wheel."
"He only needed to take advantage of our fright,
"on discovering the corpse,
"To take out the pins and the rubber...
"while pretending to push the door aside."
I get it... So the crime would have been possible.
When the mill starts to run,
the reflection of the sun's rays coming from the west
makes it difficult to see the rope.
The murderer has used this particularity
to carry out his crime.
But how did the murderer get to the teahouse?
Well, by using the bridge that we were looking at at the time.
Well, it was you, Mr. Mouri,
who testified that he had not seen anyone going to the teahouse.
"You only look at appearances and never look inside."

Who said that was you, Miss Mimura.
Do you remember?
What?!
Well...
You are absolutely right.
The killer took advantage of this blind spot,
and while he left us here enjoying the view of the lake,
he went to the teahouse by swimming under the bridge.
How... he says ?
Taking advantage of the bushes on both sides of the bridge,
the murderer entered the waters of the lake.
"And swam to the teahouse."
"Once there, he came out at the door,
"He climbed onto the terrace, pulled out the master..."
and stabbed her with a knife.
Hey, Mr. Mouri, who is the murderer?
Someone who was behaving strangely while the crime was being committed.
It's you, isn't it?
With the excuse that he was going out for a moment...
How can you?
Are you insinuating that I'm the murderer?
I suppose you'll give us an explanation now.
Please tell me where you went!
I-I just went to pick something up!
A cup of tea of great value, isn't it?
Ah!
But how did you know that?
When you knew that at the tea ceremony
the master would announce his retirement,
he feared that Mr. Yakura would take his place...
and be named the master's successor.
"That is why he left in haste
"To procure some of Mr. Yakura's valuables.
"Which would surely appreciate in value."
Is that true, Miss Mimura?
I was thinking that if I had been the successor,
all this estate would have been mine.
I just got carried away by greed.
That's probably true.
When someone sneaks in and out, the security alarm goes off.
When Miss Mimura has returned,
Mrs. Hanazaki went and escorted him upstairs.
Miss Mimura has not had time to approach the teahouse.
Therefore, Miss Mimura is not the murderer!
Then who killed the master?
The murderer had foreseen that today
the master would perform a sophisticated tea ceremony today,
and that until then no one would come near the teahouse,
so he tied the master's neck with a particular knot.
"It is a knot that in pulling it tightens,
"And it is used by anglers to tie the boat."
The fishermen ?!
I have not done it!
Exactly, you have not done it.
So that the murderer has reached the island by swimming under the bridge.
Of course he did!
The murderer is someone who has been soaked from head to toe!
To disguise it,
the murderer has taken a bath after committing the crime.
That's right...
the murderer is you, Mr. Yakura!
While all of us were gathered in this room,
"You, Mr. Yakura, took the opportunity...
"to harshly censure the Mimura's behavior."
"To the point that we had to intervene."
And he did it because we didn't see
how the corpse was lifted up to the beam.
That's why you went ballistic.
Then all that was left was to wait for someone to notice the corpse.
That's a lie!
It's just supposition, you have no proof to prove it!
I see you don't give up easily.
But don't worry,
if you want proof, you've left it for us... on the bridge!
Mr. Mouri, we have found what you asked for.
-What is it? -We found the pillars of the bridge.
How?!
It's the mark of a hand!
What is it, that black stuff?
It's the algae inside the pond.
If the killer has passed that way,
he must have left the trail somewhere.
Wow...!
We've found a lot of handprints,
it might even be possible to extract the prints.
They'll be here right away to identify them.
You'll have to let us take your prints, Mr. Yakura.
I was totally convinced that it was a perfect plan...
So, you recognize that he is the perpetrator of the crime?
That man was a pig and a wretch.
I'm sure he told you that you would be his successor and you're going to swallow.
That's not the point!
The master and I used to counterfeit valuable tea cups
to sell them later.
-What?! - B-but this...!
You didn't know?
We've been at it for more than 10 years.
But since the death of his wife
he began to believe in the existence of the spirit...
He decided that he wanted his son Ryoichi to succeed him and tell everything.

And he had no choice but to kill him before he went public.
If only he hadn't built that teahouse!
(cries)
Look what happened?
It's all gone like the llegendaaaaaa!
Hey, Mitsuhiko.
I don't want to disappoint, but you'd better get her out of your mind.
I assure you, you're not her type.
Look!
I've found her, the transmitter from in Mitsuhiko!
And the next Conan:
"Mushrooms, a bear and the junior detective league (part one)."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

