Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
It has great powers of deduction,
and goes to the essence of everything with intense pace.
Today, the Detective League goes mushroom hunting.
Beware of hunters.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

MUSHROOMS, A BEAR AND THE JUNIOR DETECTIVE LEAGUE, (PART 1)
(Man) Everybody listen to me!
Now you're going mushroom hunting.
But you can't harvest as many as you want.
The grown-ups can pick 3 and the kids can pick a couple!
We'll cook them when I get back to the inn.
(Children) All right!
On the other side of the two fences is the hunting ground,
you go in!
(Agasa) Hunting ground?
-There are bears around here!
(Agasa) -There are bears?
Yes, but don't worry, there are none on this side of the fence.
(All: sigh of relief)
"This is a fantastic place to look for mushrooms."
(Genta) Ouch!
What a bore!
With what you said, it seemed like there would be plenty!
-But there aren't any!
What a rage! -Patience, patience!
It's all your fault.
You proposed that we go mushroom picking!
I wanted us to go apple picking instead.
I know, but mushrooms should be eaten now, in autumn!
And besides, they are much more expensive than apples, right?
But the apple is the forbidden fruit,
"The fruit of knowledge that we learn from error."
It is the forbidden fruit that Adam and Eve ate,
that's why they were expelled from the earthly paradise.
That is why apples are more interesting.
-As it is the fruit of knowledge,
it would be good for you to eat it.
Shut up, child!
This is from the Old Testament, eh?
Although that it was an apple is just a popular belief.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai....
Mm?
What's wrong with you, Mitsuhiko?
What's wrong with your face?
Ah!
There's nothing wrong with my face!
I was just looking at Ay as he gave the explanation of the apple.
You were looking at Haibara?
Yes, although sometimes she's too severe,
I think she's very sophisticated and has an old person's stuff.
Don't you find her rather mysterious?
But this doesn't mean that I feel anything special for her...
Hey, Mitsuhiko....,
I don't want to disappoint, but you'd better get her out of your mind.
I assure you, you're not her type.
I'm serious.
Mm?
Hey, look, look!
This isn't some kind of woodland mushroom?
No, this is a poisonous mushroom called amanita.
Ayyy!
I can't take it anymore!
How can we find any kind of mushroom, if we don't have any clues?
Yes, there are clues!
Take a good look around you!
Look for the pine needles that have turned yellow!
Mushrooms nourish themselves
by attaching themselves to the roots of the Japanese red pines,
so they are slightly weakened and the needles take on this color.
That's where you should look for them.
For them to grow, they need sunlight, water and good ventilation.
If you look around the area thinking about these things?
See?
There's our suspect.
(At the same time) Let's see, let's see!
(Mitsuhiko) Ooooh!
Wow!
It certainly is a very nice mushroom!
-It'll be great! -It's our first mushroom of the day.
Look over there, guys!
Hurry up!
Look, there are also red pines with yellowish needles.
Yes?
Are they really?
All right, I'll go and see if I can find any!
Yellow pine needles... Under the red pines.
Wow, what luck, I've found a fungus too!
-Look, children, me too! -Oysters!
In a way, looking for mushrooms is like looking for treasure...
and it's quite fun, isn't it?
Of course it is!
Hey, guys, do you know where it is, in Genta?
Now that you mention it, I haven't seen him for a while.
He must have gone to the bathroom or something.
Yeah, because he drank a lot of water.

If you get lost in a forest like this, you're in big trouble!
-Let's go back and check it out! - (time) Yes!
Eh?
Genta may have broken through the security fence!
You mean he's done this? Yes, there is no doubt.
The dirt traces are fresh, and the eyes of the net are narrow.
Someone has jumped through this point.
Also, on the other side...
there's also a lot of red pines with yellowish needles.
Wow, the League of Detectives' transmitters were supposed to repair...
and I can't use the tracking glasses either.
We have no choice.
I'm going to look for her;
you stay here, okay?
Do me a kindness.
(At the same time) What?
You're going alone again!
You want to take all the credit!
We're all going to look for her, because we are also worried!
But it's dangerous, going to the other side of the fence.
I'll make you a proposal, let's see how you see it.
We can make two pairs, I'll go with Mitsuhiko.
You will pair up with Ayumi.
We separate selected and let's search!
But in Genta could also appear,
so you can wait here, okay, Dr. Agasa?
This will be more effective than looking for it in Conan sol.
Well yes, I suppose so...
But be careful.
The second fence marks the hunting ground area.
It's not uncommon for hunters to take for animals
people looking for mushrooms or plants and set them off a shot.
Gee, thanks.
You even care about me...
Go for a walk.
Anyway, we will meet at this point here an hour.
If we don't find him, we'll ask the hostel people to help us look for him.
Go to him, guys!
-Yes!
(Ouch) Come on, don't you love it.
Let's get going!
Yes, yes, all right!
Hey, Genta! Where did you go?!
Answer me!
How funny!
Where the hell has he gone, this Genta?!
Genta!
Genta, where are you?!
(Mitsuhiko) Can I... ask you a question?
There's something special between you and Conan, isn't there, Ai?
Some... thing?
Well, yes, I'm saying it so that you can go alone...
and talk in a strange way, like old people do...
And you seem to understand each other quite well... He has a sort of world of his own.
Don't give it... any importance, it's not a romantic relationship.
-But, but... -Come on, now let's go to work!
W... wait!
(Shrubs move)
-What is it, what is it, this noise? -It's coming from the other side of the fence.
There is a hole, the second fence.
Genta could have crawled through to get to the other side.
It can't be.
On the other side is the hunting ground!
If you get lost in the forest between the two fences, you can get confused,
and not know if the land behind the fence is inside the preserve or outside.
Wait for me, I'm coming with you.
- (bushes move) -Aaaah....
Ah... Is that you, Genta?
Come on..., we've been worried sick...
Eh?
A-a-a-a-a-a-a bear!
Ha-ha-ha!
Don't look at it!
It's just a cub.
And it looks like it's not much more than a year old.
How cute he is! -Yes, it's true.
But we must be alert, because the mother should not be far away.
What?
What?!
(gunshot)
A trait!
A hunter shoots the mother of this calf!
No, please don't run over there!
Look over there!
It's a hunter!
I hope he doesn't think we're prey.
Hey, hello!
We are people!
(Think) "This is..."
"This wound...!"
"A shotgun wound?! It can't be!"
Hey!
Please, don't shoot!
We are people!
Eeeeeeeeei!
Don't you see?!
This hunter wants to shoot us!
He thinks we witnessed the murder!
What?!
Genta, stop it!
Don't you realize that we were very worried about you?!
I'm sorry, I was looking for mushrooms everywhere.
I was looking for mushrooms everywhere and when I realized, I was inside the forest.
What an ass!
Well, anyway, he's back safe...
He has contacted the Ai and Mitsuhiko?
I try to talk to him, but they don't answer me.
Now they are lost.
My God, this is a real mess.
(Acoustic signal: beep)
Hey, wait a minute,
the signal from Mitsuhiko's transmitter is coming from this area!
That's strange, they knew they should not enter, in the preserve.
What a rage!

Let's search while it's still daylight!
(Ayumi and Genta) Yes!
Hey, wait a minute, guys: I'm not passing this way...
Make an effort, man!
What happened?
What are you doing here?
This is forbidden.
Well, it turns out that 2 children are missing and now we're looking for them here.
You must have seen a boy and a girl?
Well, no...
(Acoustic signal: beep)
Hey!
I found Mitsuhiko's transmitter!
You did?
But... I don't... see them anywhere!
(Think) "Bloodstains!"
Hey, what are these, these big footprints?!
They're the tracks of a bear.
What?!
Does this mean that a bear has eaten them?!
No, I don't think so...
Bears are afraid of people, they don't consider us as prey to eat.
But they do eat people when they are eaten by a particular bear!
If it is the bear has resentment for people,
the creatures will feast on it before it goes into hibernation!
I'm talking exactly about that bear that has only one eye, in Jubei!
How scary!
Of course it is.
So, that rumor about the bear is true.
It was worth it to come all the way here!
Don't worry, queen.
I will avenge the death of your friends for you!
I will kill this bear.
(Cries)
What do you mean, avenge their death?
They don't know if the bear has attacked them!
-Be that as it may, we will help you look for them.
We know this mountain better than you do.
I'm sorry, queen.
That's the way life is.
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
Mitsuhiko!
(Ayumi) Haibaraaaaaaaaa!
They're at Conan and the others!
(Ayumi) Look!
They're down there, walking in a line!
EEEEE!
(Ayumi) Wait!
The hunter we've seen is also with them!
What? What?
But why?
Surely he wants us to close any exit
because we've seen him committing a murder.
(Ai) If we are not careful he will shoot us dead!
And he'll say he thought we were bears.
EEEE!
Haibara!
Mitsuhiko, where eeeets ?!
If it's nearby, answer me!
Oh!
There's a potato chip on the ground!
It's not softened yet,
and I'm sure they've dropped it to mark the path!
It looks like they're trying to show us the way where they've dropped it.
Wouldn't we go faster looking for the Haibara's transmitter
with Conan's glasses?
We can't do that,
because his transmitter is on the table in my house.
I was repairing your transmitter,
and checked that the transmission system was working properly.
Hell, no!
Hey, doctor...
Can you verbally describe
the place where I found Mitsuhiko's transmitter?
It was near the place where the fence was broken.
Go tell the owner of the inn where it is and have the police examine the area.
What?!
The police?!
Don't you find it strange that we've made quite a mess of it
and we haven't found them yet, even though we've been looking for them for a long time?
Because they must be afraid and run away from the bear.
No, there were blood stains on the ground
near the place where the transmitter was found.
And on a nearby tree there was a fresh bullet mark.
They must not be running from the bear, but from....
-Hey... don't tell me that... It could be Ai and Mitsuhiko?
What's crazy?!
What the hell is wrong with him?!
Shit, he ran away.
A rabbit?
What if they've gone crazy?!
What if it had been the kids?!
Mm.
I have enough eyesight to differentiate a piece of the children.
Even if that bear coi appears, in Jubei, they should not worry.
I polio just as quickly.
Change!
This little girl's feature would not even have grazed her.
As you say ?!
If you value your life, never shoot that beast.
"At the very moment he smells the scent of people,
"He sneaks out without asking."
"A trait won't kill it step by step."
It's a monster over 2 meters long!
I am the only one who will be able to hunt down this beast
because I'm the one who made him one-eyed 20 years ago.
Who does he think he is, this old man?
He's a well-known hunter in this area.
He used to hunt in the mountains of the Tohoku region.
But ever since he chased Jubei into this forest,
he got it into his head to hunt it.
He is a great hunter?
Yes, the head of a group of hunters.
There will be no need to worry, if the bear appears.
Doctor, won't you give that notice? Yes, right away.
Just as I thought.

That hunter wanted to shoot us
after we appeared before him.
But... what if we call out and wait for them on the forest road?
As you can see, he has the Ayumi by his side.
I'm sure he plans to take her hostage and kill everyone.
One person has already died and he won't come here.
Hell, no!
From the way he looked at us when he shot at us,
I'd say that this hunter came with a colleague...
with whom he had a disagreement and shot her dead.
-Won't some papers be filed, because you're allowed to go hunting?
If they find the body, you will become the prime suspect!
In fact, no.
You can apply in advance.
Then they give you permission to go hunting whenever you want,
within the period when it is allowed.
You don't need to inform anyone when you will go.
In short, if you have the person you will kill get the documentation done....
and you come up with a false alibi,
the police will think he was shot by mistake.
As we have seen what has happened, your alibi is no longer....
Yes, his plan has gone down the drain.
He must be dying to kill us.
Then we shouldn't just mark the path with potato chips
and let him know where we are, but we should run away.
No!
Moving alone through a forest we don't know is dangerous.
We have no way out of these mountains without Dr. Agasa.
But we'll be fine!
If you've dropped the transmitter near where the body was,
Conan will realize there's something wrong with the time.
But, come on, we have to think of something to save the life.
We must get Conan alone to explain this mess to him.
And we must be careful not only for us, but also for her.
She wants to come with us and we can't put her in danger, right?
Uh... Well, no...
I could swear this was done by a bear.
It clawed the bark off and ate the tender wood.
The height of the marks and the distance between the claws is large.
It is a very big bear.
It is in Jubei!
Look, fixeu's at him,
when he nibbled it, he was with the cub he gave birth to this winter.
What do you mean, that she has given birth?
But it was not a male?
I see that you do not know the history.
It has been explained since ancient times that in the heart of these mountains
lives a jealous goddess.
If you want to finish a successful hunt, you must avoid the goddess,
that's why the bear was given a male name.
She was named after the wandering samurai Jubei Yagyu, who was one-eyed.
You say she's a female that stands over 2 meters tall?
Gee, gee, gee.
I have to do whatever it takes to see her.
Yes, I have to do whatever it takes...
Eh?
What's the matter?
What's wrong with my face, sir?
No, and now!
It happens that you speak as one of my friends and unintentionally, well...
Hey, could you tell me if that friend of yours was in the mountains today?
Because when he took out his camera I saw a cartridge!
It's one of those that break into 9 fragments when they are fired
and fly in different directions, right?
But what he shot went in only one direction.
They say that no hunter takes 2 types of ammunition.
My friend neglected to take the spare cartridges with him.
I thought that if I met him I would give them to him, that's why I have them.
Your friend must be all right now?
We haven't heard anything for a while.
He must be in top form!
He's been here many times
and always hunts on his own without counting on anyone.
Have you noticed anything, Ayumi?
No, no, nothing at all.
Hey, come on!
Yes...
- Hey, Ayumi! -Please wait for me!
(Shinichi voice) He's here!
There's no doubt that the killer is one of these 3 hunters!
He must want to get Haibara and Mitsuhiko off his back
because they've seen the murder!
Watch out, don't go out!
But...!
(Bear: bellows)
Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
And the next Conan:
"Mushrooms, a bear and the Junior Detective League, (part two)".

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara

Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida tea or hanasanaide it!

