Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
It has a great power of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with intense rhythm.
Today, in Mitsuhiko and Haibara are in a desperate situation.
Deciphering the riddle of the mushrooms?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "The Junior Detective League, we went mushroom hunting."
"Concentrating on what he was doing,
"In Genta went into a hunting ground."
"We split into 2 groups to go searching."
"On Ai and on Mitsuhiko found the corpse of a hunter.
"And became the target of his killer."
"We found in Genta and went with the 3 hunters....
"To look for the Haibara and in Mitsuhiko, but..."
MUSHROOMS, A BEAR AND THE JUNIOR DETECTIVE LEAGUE, (PART 2).
This is the last potato chip.
Haibara, we have nothing more to leave on the ground.
(Ai: moans in pain)
Ha-Haibara!
What's wrong with you?
I think I twisted my ankle when we ran away from there.
I've walked in spite of the damage it does to me, but.... Ouch!
-Let me take a look at it. -Ouch!
For-sorry...
Ah!
Hey.
Your ankle is swollen and bruised!
I'll give you first aid so you can hold on, don't move.
-First aid?
You mean you have bandages on you?
No!
But this towel and these scissors will do the trick.
Look, if we cut it in a zigzag..., see?,
we have a very long bandage!
It should be placed on both sides of the ankle.
We start at the heel and end at the tip of the foot,
and then back to the ankle.
Repeat the operation, wrapping the bandage tightly around the ankle.
Finally, we tie it tightly and it's done.
Wow, you're doing great.
One day when we were camping,
I twisted my ankle and in Conan... he did the same thing to me.
On Conan... Conan did the same thing to me.
He... he knows a lot of things and he's an admirable guy.
And besides, he always moves on his own initiative.
I'll never be able to reach the sole of his shoe...
-But what do you say now?
-What do you say now?
The important thing is not who you learn something from,
but where and how you use what you've learned.
Right now, you gave me the best help I could have.
Thank you, you've helped me a lot.
Oh, y-you're welcome.
Don't say things like that, I'm embarrassed.
Ha-ha...
(Mitsuhiko: laughing)
Anyway, it's dangerous to stay in the middle of the road.
Let's go sit in the forest and we'll figure out what we can do....
because Conan and the others know we're here.
Yes, you are right.
What?!
But what are you saying, man?!
Speak... seriously?!
Yes, they found a corpse hidden among branches and leaves...
near the place you told me about on the phone.
The agents say that someone shot him in the stomach...
"And that he died instantly."
"Ah, they also buried the body of a bear cub."
A cub ?!
"Yes, they seem to have put a rock on top of the place where it is buried."
"It's dangerous to go into the mountain!"
"Leave the search for the children to me and go after it."
-Hey, is there a problem?
-Well... no, nothing's wrong...
A bear cub!
We thought we had found those, but it was a bear cub!
We were talking to the owner and we told him that we were looking for them.
Yes.
He-he-he-he-he...
-Let's go, then!
Let's go look! -Let's go.
Let's get to work!
If the sun goes down it will be difficult!
Hey, hey, hey!
Why are you hiding the truth?
Don't tell me the killer could be one of the 3 hunters.
(Shinichi voice) It's not a possibility.
The killer is one of them!
The killer is undoubtedly one of the 3 of them!
I'm sure of it!
You're sure?
And now he wants to shoot at the Ai and at Mitsuhiko
because they have witnessed the murder.
So why have you come with us to look for them?

Because that way he blocks their way, and waits for them to come out of the forest.
Then he will say that he shot them thinking they were a bear....
Shinichi, do you have any idea which of these 3 hunters might be the killer?
No, I have no idea.
There is almost no evidence.
But don't worry!
They've seen it and I'm sure they'll be able to tell us who the killer is.
They will find a way to let us know which of these 3...
Oh!
Hey, look, here on the ground there are a lot of mushrooms!
(Genta) Where are they?
Where are they?
(Genta) What is this?
There are 3 mushrooms strung together with a twig!
(Ayumi) The others are scattered.
The names of the mushrooms that there are upside down
are amanita, pimpernel and shiitake.
And the ones scattered around are 3 mushrooms and a chanterelle.
(Man) Hey, do these mushrooms mean anything?
(Man) I don't know.
No, don't move!
Quiet!
But... you mean they'll know how to decipher it?
Of course they will!
Conan likes these things!
It's a coded message that we've been sweeping up together
because it hides another message!
It doesn't make any sense!
No need to worry about them!
They only think about finding lots of mushrooms!
Well, let's go look!
That's weird, I thought they were supposed to mean something, but...
(Shinichi voice) Doctor, copperixi'm!
I've figured it out!
I've already identified the man behind Ai and Mitsuhiko!
How did you know?
Get ready!
I'll put him to sleep for a while with the anesthetic dart.
Conan, what's wrong?
What are you doing?
(Conan's voice) Get out of the way!
You want me to miss and not touch the assassin?!
The assassin?!
The killer is over there, it's one of those 3!
Come on, get out of the way!
-Oh! -Oh!
Xxxxt!
But how did you know?
How should I know?
Did Ai and Mitsuhiko drop pieces of potato chip
that we knew which way they were going, but they're running away from us, aren't they?
The police have already found the corpse along with a bear cub and....
(Thinks) "Oh! The body of a baby bear!"
-Looks like Conan is aiming at someone! -It's the anesthetic dart from the watch.
Looks like he's finally been able to figure out what we've left him.
When he's fired the dart at the killer,
we'll take the bear cub with us and go to the doctor and the others!
All right!
What are you doing?
What's he doing?
Oh... Why... Why?!
Listen up!
Let's stop playing cat and mouse!
Hey, Mr. Killer?!
A... Murderer?!
What?!
I've figured it out.
The encrypted message on the mushrooms told me who the killer is.
There are 7 mushrooms in total.
They refer to the 7 of us.
The 3 earth mushrooms represent the children.
The big mushroom refers to Dr. Agasa,
and the other 3 mushrooms that we have found strung with a twig
represent the 3 hunters with the rifle on their shoulders.
Sure, I get it!
The only poisonous mushroom on the twig was the amanita!
Therefore, the killer carries the shotgun slung over his right shoulder.
Don't be ridiculous! You are confused!
Anyone who knows the mountain a little well
would know that the amanita is a poisonous mushroom.
If the killer decoded the message on the first,
everything would have gone down the drain.
(Agasa) Who is the killer?
(Agasa) Remember.
I told you that to look for mushrooms you must follow the clues.
See?
There's our suspect.
(Agasa) - Yes.
It's the pimpernel! -Ah!
Now I get it!
We're the only ones who can understand!
Yes.
The murderer referred to in this secret message...
is you, Saika!
Yes...
The assassin referred to in this secret message is you,
Matasaburo Saika!
-What? -But what does it say?
The police have already found the hunter's body.
Although they haven't told us,
but it must be your friend, Mr. Small-eyed!
What?!
The Ai and Mitsuhiko have accidentally wandered into the scene of the crime
and found the body.
And Mr. Saika shot them.
That's why he wanted to assassinate Haibara... and Mitsuhiko,
to silence their testimony!
Hey, what the hell are you doing?!
He's got a shotgun!
Hurry up and use the anesthetic dart.
(Think) "I couldn't take it anymore, could I?"
Ei-ei, Shinichi!
No, he hasn't shot at Ai and Mitsuhiko to kill them.

The real reason he opened fire is....
Oh!
No, don't come out!
(Bear: bellows)
-Hey! But what... What is this?!
Ju-Jubei...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai!
Run away from here, girl!
I will by no means allow you to take this galifardeu!
You, nano, be calm and don't turn your back on the bear.
Jubei!
Don't you know me?
Yes, calm your anger and go back to the woods.
You must be getting ready to go into hibernation, right?
You'd better hurry
or the other bears will take the best caves!
Go away, Jubei!
Go away!
(Jubei: loud bellowing)
Jubei!
Ouch!
The bear cub!
Go back to your bear cub!
The bear cub you have is surely the cub of the Jubei!
Let her go!
Haibara!
That's right.
Mr. Saika has fired his shotgun
to save the Ai, Mitsuhiko and also the Jubei.
The hunter who was killed surely wanted to kill the Jubei.
And to prevent it, Mr. Saika shot him...
and killed her.
When Haibara and Mitsuhiko showed up,
"he fired a deterrent shot at them.
"Before the Jubei became aware of their presence...
"And they ran away."
This was the deterrent action taken by Mr. Saika
to make sure that nothing happened to them.
He could have warned them by shouting at them instead of shooting.
He would have realized it a long time ago:
Bears are much more susceptible than we imagine.
"If they were not at a short enough distance for them to hear him
and it was easier for him to fire the shotgun.
Am I right, Mr. Saika?
Hey, hey, wait a minute!
We came here to hunt.
Why the hell should we be killed for shooting at a bear?!
And I'll say more:
this bear is what he called a bad beast.
-And wasn't it you who shot him in the eye and hurt him?
Yes..., it's true.
It's true, it's as if I had left the Jubei one-eyed...
I was born again thanks to her, and I shot her to pay her debt.
Pay her back?
It all happened 20 years ago.
I came in the spring to hunt bears,
when snow still covered the mountains.
"Walking through the snow, I put a false foot...
"And I'm going to roll a few meters down a slope."
"It broke both my legs. I couldn't say a single word."
"And then, when I couldn't move from where I'd landed,
"the Jubei appeared before my eyes."
"Then, I made up my mind that I would be eaten...
"And I closed my eyes.
"But lo and behold, I noticed that something with a strange warmth...
"was touching my face..."
"I opened my eyes in fear."
"The Jubei kept licking my wounds without stopping."
"After licking me, the bear fell fast asleep next to me."
"I didn't know if she was planning to eat me when she woke up the next day.
"Or if she had mistaken me for one of her own kind.
"Because of the fur coat she was wearing."
"I never knew,
"But that was a very comforting moment for me."
"I hardly noticed the pain in my legs."
"Then, there was the echo of a gunshot in the mountains."
"The bear left my side and I lost sight of her."
"It seems that a hunter who was chasing her shot at her
"Because it was thought that it wanted to devour me."
In other words, thanks to the Jubei finding me and healing me,
she saved me from certain death from the cold of the mountain.
"Since then I have come every day to find the Jubei
"And chase her to the deepest part of the forest,
"where none of the hunters can find her."
So, that story that the Jubei is a bad beast...
Yes, I was trying to scare people...
so that they would be afraid to go near it.
And lately I was getting just the opposite of what I intended.
Ha-ha-ha!
A hunter who calls himself an animal lover?
I pity the dead hunter.
He has come to shoot a bear he thought was an enemy
and was shot by a hunter he thought was a friend.
Bears are a gift from heaven.
We bear hunters never consider the bear an enemy.
If a bear found me and hunted me, it would be fate.
I would have no choice but to close my eyes.
But that hunter was an unforgivable meanie.
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell are you talking about?
He was using bait.

I think that hunter was using the bear cubs as bait!
-What?! - What?
The boy is absolutely right.
That man shot one of the Jubei's cubs
and lured the Jubei by trickery!
And on top of that he hung the hatchling's dead body in a tree!
I even doubted what my eyes saw....
Because as I watched the mother bear
desperately trying to get her cub down from the tree,
the man pointing his monstrous rifle at her
looked like a beast even more ruthless than she was.
(Off) "An hour later,
"We went to find the police roaming the mountain."
"They stopped the hunter and took him away."
"Mr. Saika walked
"Looking sadly at the mountains where the Jubei lives..."
This device needs a 100 yen coin to run for an hour.
And that, have you seen it?
There's an ice cream, too.
It must be broken.
(He thinks) "Sure..., he hasn't gotten rid of the incriminating evidence!"
"Now I'm sure of it. It was her!"
And the next Conan:
"The retro room murder mystery."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

