Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with intense pace.
The denouement of a truly suspenseful case.
A murderer that no one expects.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) That day, driving along the coast, we had pana."
"A lawyer, Mr. Tachibana,
"offered to spend the night at his house."
"The next day, however, in front of us, his boat capsized....
"And the lawyer drowned in the sea."
"Apparently, she had been murdered by a man with the initials TK...
"who sent her threatening letters."
"We were to deduce that this TK would be Tatuy Kumada,
"a client the deceased lawyer had defended 5 years earlier."
"We ran to his apartment to look for him, but what we saw when we arrived..."
(Man) Excuse me, Mr. Kumada...
(Thinking) "Co... How can it be !?"
"You mean the suspect...
has taken his own life?"
THE BAY OF VENGEANCE, (PART TWO)
- (people: rumors) - (man) Get back, get back!
Come on, get back, please!
Caram.
Looks like he climbed into the chair to kill himself.
(Man) What a peculiar way to tie the rope.
He used the railing of the terrace.
Of course, because if he tied it directly to the roof,
he would have touched the ground with his feet.
(Woman) There was a loud bang on the floor above.
As if something very heavy fell.
But only once.
Could you tell us the approximate time?
(Woman) It should have been 7:00 p.m. by now.
The estimated time of death has been established as between 6 and 7:30.
Seven o'clock?
Well, I can't help you.
I didn't get back until 1/4 of 8.
1/4 of 8.
But it was quite strange to me.
Because when I arrived, I could feel the washing machine in Kumada.
-N'està sure, of what you say ?!
-Yes.
It's a bit of a problem for a man who wants to commit suicide to put the washing machine on.
(He thinks) "Sure, I knew it!"
(Man) Hey, man!
What are you doing, you can fall!
Ah... I was looking at something.
Hey, which one is it, the boat that Mr. Tachibana was carrying?
The one on the right.
At the bottom.
Could I see it?
Hey, man, you're investigating too?
Yes, sir, I'm a detective, me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You don't waste your time, you, boy!
(thinks) "Where do they come from, these marks?"
That you've found something?
Maybe I did.
These marks were already there?
Come on, come on!
No, it's the first time I've seen them!
They must have been made by the police officers this morning, when they returned it to me.
That's all I needed.
For dessert, they gave me back the stolen boat without the anchor!
They are a disaster, these guys! Without the anchor?
Yes.
To stabilize the boat at the time of fishing,
you use weights like this that sink into the sea.
That one had a big anchor, and I'd say I've seen it enough.
It was exactly like this one back here.
And you say they haven't found it yet?
No.
Neither in the boat that took me, nor around here in the vicinity.
The funny thing is that the anchor of this other boat has also been blown off.
(Thinking) "Now I get it!"
I'm already here! Hello, boy.
Conan!
But where have you been?
And you, Ran, what are you doing here with Sakuraba?
Clean, don't you see?
In Sakuraba just returned from walking in Johann and help me.
Mr. Sakuraba, why don't you tell us how it went,
the Tatuy Kumada case 5 years ago?
It's confidential, Conan.
I can't explain it to you.
(laughs) Who the fuck are you trying to fool, you, with such integrity?
Su... Sugimura.
Where have you been, so far?
On a trip.
I came back so I heard the news.
Yeah, well...

So, what do you think: the killer is in TK?
This looks like...
Do you know Tatuy Kumada?
Wow, I see you have run force, the name!
He was the superstar of an insurance company.
One fine day he found that a trusted employee, in Masahiko Turuta...,
had embezzled funds.
When he was accused of that, in Turuta he took his own life.
But soon after, the police found his diary,
where he accused in Kumada.
"They immediately arrested in Kumada as a suspect."
"Unfortunately, the neighbor downstairs in Turuta declared...
"That at about 7 o'clock she had heard one time."
"And at that time, in Kumada it was karaoke, singing."
"Confirmed his alibi,
"In Kumada he was released without charge."
(Think) "A case identical to now!"
Sugimura!
How can you know, all this, if you've only been with the firm for 3 years?
Since the threats started, I've been investigating this case.
You too, dear lady...
You certify that it was your man
who pushed your father to suicide, right?"
I can imagine how she must have hated her man.
To the point of wanting to kill...
-Don't play innocent!
-Eh?
Precisely you,
you're making gold with the money you're getting from the buffet.
He smelled it, that's why you killed her.
This you say is false!
(Shinichi voice) What... what did you find out, doctor?
Well, I have it right here in front of me.
I know where he lived during the trial: Chiba itself.
Masahiko Turuta's family are only two people:
the mother, Tamiko, and the brother, Katsuhiko.
The mother and a brother...
Madam!
Could you tell me where it is, Masahiko Turuta's house?
Masahiko's?
Oh, yes, man, it's that one over there.
But there's no one there now.
Ah, they're not there?
His mother and little brother, Katsuhiko,
moved out a long time ago.
After what happened...
I think the boy studied in Germany.
He was very, very smart.
Now, a house in the middle of the countryside is hard to sell.
Sometimes they came to wash his face, but....
Now it's been a year since they've been here.
(thinks) "Johann!"
"Sure! That's what happened!"
In Kumada's blood test,
traces of the sleeping pill he took in Tachibana have been detected.
And there were also those in the little bit of whiskey left in the bottle.
Therefore, we conclude that he first killed in Tachibana,
and then he took the sleeping pill and took his own life.
(He thinks) "Where did they get it from, that !?"
Kogoro, come here for a moment, please.
Where did you take me, Conan?
Have you seen these files?
What must they be?
Ah... The firm's accounts.
Ah!
Not again...
(Sugimura) Would you like to explain your deductions?
A little late to play detective, don't you think?
(Kogoro voice) Patience, gentlemen.
Make yourselves comfortable.
We will now clarify the circumstances
of the death of Tachibana and Kumada.
Eh?
Clarify them?
Didn't we do that already?
Mouri, maybe you mean we were wrong?
That's right.
Tatuy Kumada was also murdered:
the murderer is the same one who killed in Tachibana.
What's more, at this moment the murderer is right here.
Where do you want to go, master?
I will tell you right now, where I want to go.
Analyses have shown
that in the blood of both Tachibana and Kumada there was the same sleeping pill.
In other words, the murderer first slept on Tachibana, killed him...,
and then did the same with Kumada,
so that it looked like a suicide.
Who could have done such a thing?
This is horrifying.
Well, there are 3 people who could have done it:
Yaeko Kamei, Yuichi Sakuraba and Tachibana himself.
But listen to something,
the Yaeko, when the boat capsized, was here, with us.
Which means...
One... Just a moment, gentlemen!
I was in Tokyo, at the law firm!
Yes, yes.
The real problem is not where you were when the boat capsized.
The homicide had been prepared many hours ago,
it was an impeccable strategy.
Then all that remained was to wait for the inevitable to happen...
Explain yourself, detective Mouri.
I don't follow you.
Of course you don't!
The man we saw..,

"The one with the red cap, that was the murderer!"
The one with the red cap, just the wood!
Wait a minute, we are talking about 2 hours before the boat sank.
How could he make it capsize after such a long time?
I don't quite understand this.
Think about why it had to be just yesterday
and you will understand right away, Inspector Baba.
Yesterday there was an impressive swell.
Yes, you are right.
It made the investigation more difficult.
Don't you see?
The spring tide is the one...
when there's more difference between high tide and low tide.
That's why the killer chose yesterday and no other.
Look... you'll have to explain it to us in more detail.
The man we saw, the one with the red cap,
approached the boat when Tachibana was already asleep.
"He took advantage of it to take off his vest and throw the anchor,
"previously stolen with the boat, at the bottom of the sea."
"The hook that was at the other end of the rope.
"He put it in the lawyer's boat."
"Thus, as the sea level rose,
"the boat would destabilize until it capsized,
"and the whole thing would fall to the bottom of the sea."
"Mr. Tachibana -- it goes without saying to be,"
would undoubtedly have drowned.
Too complicated!
Although it is true
that when they stole the boat, they also stole the anchor.
Of course, this would explain why we still haven't found it.
Yes, sir.
The anchor must still be in the water, where the boat sank.
Today they had to explore the seabed in the area.
Call him.
All right, I'll get back to you.
I'll be in touch.
But... who would have thought of such nonsense?
The goal was to have an alibi.
An alibi that the killer needed...
at the moment he capsized the boat.
Okay, thank you!
Detective Mouri, they have located the anchor!
At the bottom of the sea, at the place where the boat sank.
Mr. Inuyama confirmed that it's the one that was stolen.
And it had a hook on the other end of the rope.
Well, if that's so, let's continue.
The murderer returned to shore and, for making us suspicious of Kumada,
he left the red cap with his name on it on the boat.
Analysis has confirmed that the cap was from en Kumada.
And no hairs of any other person have been found.
The cap the killer put on must have been another one.
If I'm not mistaken, we were looking for someone he knew in Kumada...
and was able to get his baseball cap.
"He and his executioner had seen each other's faces."
"Proof of this is that he made him come into the house...
"and drank the whiskey and sleeping pill he offered him."
"Then, the executioner placed Kumada in the right position,
"He put the rope around his neck and tied the other end to the railing..,
"from where he stretched it tightly."
"Next, he tied it tightly bound,
"He left the door open and put in a chair."
See how easy that is.
But the downstairs neighbor heard a noise around 7:00.
Everyone has an alibi, by that time.
There's another strategy for fabricating an alibi, Nino.
What strategy?
The same one you used on Tatuy Kumada 5 years ago
for murdering his subordinate, on Masahiko Turuta.
-What?
-What is he saying now?
I tell them about the noise of the washing machine at 7 o'clock ringing.
"The murderer placed a thread in the drum of the washing machine.
"Because it got tangled while it was running."
"The other end of the string he tied it to a chair
"And programmed the washing machine to start at 7 o'clock."
Evidently, as the drum started spinning at full speed,
the string knocked the tied-up chair over.
Wow...
Let's check out the washing machine at Kumada!
Let's recap.
According to you, at one o'clock he died in Tachibana.
If Kumada's death is set between 6 and 7.30,
it means that the murderer is the one...
who has no alibi between 6:00 and 7:00.
Then it could be Sakuraba, who left at one o'clock...
and didn't return until after 7.
Don't accuse me directly: there are many of us, who hated at Tachibana!
You have investigated us all, perhaps?
Sakuraba, what are you going to look for, at the buffet last night?
You should have chosen the day that Mr. Tachibana drowned.
-Don't you find it strange? -Yes, it's that...
He went to get these files, didn't he?
He wanted to change the accounts
to frame the accountant for embezzlement, didn't you?
Bad beast!
I'm... I'm sorry...

Yesterday we had to forge all the paperwork to justify Mr. Tachibana's
to justify Mr. Tachibana's expenses
as an accounting embezzlement.
Honestly, it was a weight off my mind when he died.
Sakuraba, you are an animal!
How can you talk like that?
I was sick and tired of doing evil and more evil at his command!
If I refused, he threatened to ruin my career.
I couldn't stand it!
Sakuraba, come with us.
We'll talk at the police station...
Ah, no!
I didn't kill him!
-If you object, I'll have to stop! -You must believe me!
It wasn't me who killed Kumada and the master!
Stop it!
Wait a minute, Sakuraba is telling the truth.
It was me, who killed them.
It can't be!
Ya... Yaeko, but...
I was hoping you would say it, Yaeko.
You wouldn't allow an injustice like this.
She had it easy
to introduce the sleeping pill into Tachibana's thermos.
"When we went outside,
"She disguised herself as Kumada, went out the back...
"And with the other boat he approached Tachibana."
"After that, he just waited with us for the boat to capsize."
"In the evening, when he said he was going out to shop,
"What he did was to leave the car...,"
"Change somewhere and go to Kumada's apartment."
Am I saying it right?
Now, please note this.
You've found it in Conan Masahiko Turuta's home garden.
"Johann"?
Yes, with two N's.
The German spelling.
If I'm not mistaken,
your son named the dog when he was studying in Germany.
Isn't that right, Tamiko Turuta?
But what does it say?
So, the Yaeko...
That's right.
She's the mother of the boy she killed in Kumada, Masahiko Turuta.
I should have realized it before.
"Yesterday, in Johann followed the boat you were driving."
"Despite the disguise, he knew who I was."
It's barely a year since my youngest son died.
Then I changed my name
and came to live here with Johann.
"I fought the trial hard, but no one supported me."
They got rid of me in a bad way with an unfair sentence.
Then..., finally, six months ago, in Kumada he reappeared.
"And I understood how he had done it with the washing machine."
"I also learned...
"that, in prison, Kumada had offered a large sum to Tachibana."
"He, knowing that my son had died..,
"defended that man for money without any scruples!"
That day, I followed Kumada to his house...
and, seeing the red cap, I came up with the plan to take revenge.
That's when he started sending the threats...
that pointed to him as the main culprit, right?
Yes.
I've been so scared, so much..., that now a weight is lifted off my shoulders.
You knew from the beginning that you would be arrested.
That's why having a detective in the house didn't slow you down at all.
Maybe you're right.
I'm sorry, all of it.
Excuse me.
Hey, Ran!
Ran, what's wrong!?
Ran!
This case sounds very, very familiar.
Yes, it's just like a very nasty case...
where a student was hit by a car and the driver ran away.
And the next Conan:
"The Hidden Secret of Inspector Megure, (part one)."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta...
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

