Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with intense pace.
The metropolitan police department makes a comeback.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Telephone keys: I have, I have)
(Phone: dial tone)
Hello, how are you?
It's me.
Yes, I got cut off before, sorry.
It seems to me that my cell phone battery is dead.
I got out of the car and I'm calling you from a phone booth.
Yeah, I guess I'll be here in half an hour or so.
All right, I'll see you;
so long, pretty boy.
THE HIDDEN SECRET OF INSPECTOR megas, (PART ONE)
Look at this!
What do you think, this one?
Mm.
You're thinking of buying it as a gift for Kyogoku, aren't you?
Don't you find it too childish? Eh?
Maybe you're right...
Yes, woman, yes.
It'll look better with a plain-colored sweater like this.
No, it must be hand-knitted! Mm?
It must be hand-knitted? Hell, no!
So-no-koooooo...
He-he-he-he... Come on.
I just thought that a hand-knitted sweater will be warmer...
Tu ya m'entens.
Sonoko, what are you up to?
It's just that in the last letter I wrote to her
I told him that I was going to make one,
that I was making a sweater for a person who loved me very much.
But I didn't know that there was so much patience, to make it....
So you've invented buying a hand-knitted sweater and giving it to her as a gift,
making him think you made it for him!
What do you want me to do?
I can't be abundant now.
All right, I won't tell you about the sweater...
because I respect the courage you had to tell him how you feel...
What do you mean?
But I haven't even told Kyogoku that I like him yet...
But you told him that you were making a sweater for the person you love.
Maybe he will get confused and take it as if you have another boyfriend.
This can lead to confusion. (laughs) That's just what I want!
Eh?
If he comes to think about it, he's sure to get very nervous.
And then, when he feels uneasy,
"He'll get a package on the most unexpected day and..."
(Imitates boy) "What is this, a package from the Sonoko?"
"He'll open the package and see that it's the sweater I made for him."
This is my plan to tell her that I love her!
Aaaa... You've got some ideas, Sonoko.
You know what I tell you?
I don't want to know anything.
In Kyogoku it's so quiet that if I don't do things like this...
I have no way of knowing how the hell he feels about me.
Although I know he worries and thinks about me all the time.
I need to be brave to ask him how he feels about me.
But, listen, Sonoko, you mean there is?
Of course there is!
That you know?
That you know how he really feels about you, Shinichi?
Uh..., well, I..., I...
You see, you see, you see, you see, you see?
You're dying to know, aren't you?
You'd ask him, wouldn't you?
Confess it!
I-I guess...
I'm a childhood friend.
If I said I didn't care to know, I'd tell you a lie, but...
But...
But...
But...
But... But...
But. But. But.
But.
But!
(Cheesy tone) I want to ask him, but now I wouldn't know how to do it....
That's how I feel...
I hope you don't daydream about this nonsense!
No, I don't think such things!
Hey, girls...,
Kogoro is already the parking lot, he's expected.
That I can go with him?
I agree.
Tell the father to go to the Italian restaurant...
in front of the department store.
Yes! Hey, what do you think, this one?
Look at that!
"I heard a female conversation I shouldn't have felt."
(Sonoko: laughing)
Oops, what are you saying?!
It's awful! Isn't it?!
(Kogoro) What a bore.
Why do girls like to waste their time

shopping and talking on the phone?
"You can say it now..."
Come on!
What legs she's got, that hottie!
Despite the cold weather, look at that mini-skirt she's wearing!
There's a pen on the floor.
Maybe that girl dropped it.
Oh, maybe it did!
Eh!
Excuse me, senyoretaaaaa!
You dropped this!
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aiiiiiiiiiiii!
Catch it!
Wait, wait!
Tranquiiiiiiiils!
A bait-and-switch operation
to catch the serial offender who attacks women?
That's right, Inspector Sato was the bait...
and she was dressed like that to provoke him.
But it was publicly stated
that the individual was about 5'6" tall.
So it was obvious from the start that I'm not the man you're looking for.
Yes, you are right, but he approached Sato in a way that, of course....
I wouldn't call it normal.
I sensed a danger...
Au... Come on.
Don't overdo it!
(Think) "He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he..."
However, we have a small problem...
We only know that the 3 women he attacked have in common...
That they were dressed in a flashy way.
That's the only thing that links them.
The location of the attack is also random.
You want to show me the pictures of the 3 girls again, please?
Yes.
The first victim was Ryoko Mizutani.
One night, two weeks ago, she was attacked from behind...
when she got out of the car
to complain about another driver's attitude.
She was assaulted with a metal bat.
The woman who attacked next is called Hitomi Endo.
It was 10 days ago, with a metal bat as well,
when she was coming out, at night, from a park toilet.
And Michiko Ishiguro, who attacked last night.
He was waiting outside a phone booth to please her.
Is that the phone booth where you used to...?
Yes, that's right, that booth where we cut you down before.
Fortunately, none of the 3 girls are in mortal danger.
The only thing we know they have in common is a very striking appearance.
And they all say they don't know of anyone who might have a grudge against them.
Mouri, what do you think?
Can you think of any ideas?
Well, the only thing I can think of, maybe... What is it, the only thing you can think of?
They're all cosmopolitan girls who've grown up in the urban jungle.
Eeeh? Eeeh?
Ah, but it's so hard to believe they're Japanese...
Oh, they're gorgeous!
What a cool Ganguro!
And besides, the one in the middle is super tanned!
(Sato) They are called "Yamamba Girls".
The girls who wear this kind of makeup are very popular.
(Kogoro) Ya... Yamamba?
Don't tell me you didn't know they existed?!
Don't be ridiculous, yamamba, you say?
Of course I know what they are!
Sonoko?
Where is she, Ran?
She had to go to the bathroom,
and she told me to wait for her here at the restaurant.
Aaah...
But if the assailant is indiscriminately attacking the girls,
where do we start looking?
It's true.
We haven't had a case like this until now.
- (Kogoro) On the contrary, nois. What?!
If I remember correctly, we already had such a case.
A serial offender who was running over high school girls.
A terrible case... It happened before I became a cop.
We'll go back to the station for further investigation.
-Yes, sir! -Yes, sir!
-I'll go back to playing bait. -No, no!
No, you won't!
Enough with the baiting! Eh?
Let's check if the victims have anything else in common.
(Sato and Takagi) Yes!
See you soon, Mouri, and forgive the mistake.
-Don't worry. (mobile)
Yes, say?
Ah, Ran.
(Sato and Takagi) What?
What's the matter?
You can't find the exit?
Hey, where are you now?
What? In the underground parking?
In the subway parking?
I don't believe it!
You've got a scary misdirection...
Sonoko, this ring, that necklace and this bracelet...
aren't they the same ones worn by the girls in the pictures?
Where did you buy them?
I didn't buy them, they were given to me as a gift to the department store.
They told me it was for the millennium sale.
I could choose whatever I wanted for every 10,000 yen spent.
Eh?
Akagi, check it out!
Of course, of course.
They're wearing them!
They're wearing one each.
They're the same accessories!
That means all 3 girls...
Were customers of the same mall!

Hey, Sonoko.
What's up?
Please answer.
What's up?
Sonoko...
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Ran!
Hey, Ran!
What's wrong, say ?!
"Ran, what happened to you?! Answer me, please!"
What do you mean?!
There's a woman full of blood in the parking lot where you are right now?!
(Takagi) The victim is Tae Aizawa, 20 years old.
She had been working as a sales clerk in this store,
but she quit more than a year ago.
She was unemployed.
The fourth attack turned out to be a murder.
-It was done by the same person... -Yes.
The characteristics of the killer have not been made public
and this is the department store parking lot in question.
So, possibly ten people...
who has something against this department store...
Tae!
Tae!
Tae!
Mm?
Who is this guy?
It's her boyfriend, and they were supposed to meet at the department store.
He said that his father is the owner
and that he was going to introduce him to the girl at the restaurant where he works today.
Who is this girl?
She is a waitress at the restaurant where he works.
Her name is Yuri Konno.
She was a classmate of his at the university
and she used to give him advice when he needed it.
(Sato) Advice?
-Yes, Mr. Shirakawa's father was against...
him dating Tae Aizawa.
Ran, you haven't seen any suspicious people,
before you found the corpse?
No, I didn't see anyone suspicious.
I only saw a security guard.
A guard?
Hm.
Just outside the entrance to this parking lot.
He was a man in his 40s, approximately...
Ah, if I may... it was me.
I left my place for a moment to go to the bathroom.
The killer must have entered at that moment.
I'll bet you didn't do it!
Father!
-I've been told that 6 months ago you worked as a security guard
at a competitor's warehouse.
Don't tell me that they asked you to do this
to give us a bad reputation.
No, not at all.
Well, Noriyuki, I guess this is a good opportunity...
for you to find yourself another girlfriend.
See if you can find one that doesn't have his record!
Pa-father!
Noriyuki...
Hey, what do you mean by "who doesn't have his record"?
Ah..., well, surely,
you must be referring to the accident that Tae caused in this parking lot.
She caused an accident?
Yes, she ran over a child right here and was sent away because of it.
She was crushed.
(Sato) Yumi from the traffic department told me about it.
A child who was waiting for his mother in the parking lot...
suddenly stepped in front of a car and was run over....
The car was not speeding,
but the boy was hit in a vital place and died.
I think the boy's name was Akira Sakurai.
Okay, we got it.
We understand.
By the way, Mr. Noriyuki,
do you happen to know how tall your father is, approximately?
A little over five feet, I think.
Mm.
And how tall are you?
Well, a meter 73.
-I make meter 44. And I, meter 67, more or less.
This makes the owner a possible suspect.
Yes.
On the other hand, he could easily know...
that Miss Tae was coming to the mall.
Excuse me, could you tell me
if your father went to the restaurant where you work today?
No, that's why I asked them to go check if it was the parking lot.
Oh, I see...
I suppose you don't suspect that my father murdered her?!
No, man, no!
A woman who was attacked commented that the attacker was a meter 50.
We were just asking to make sure...
This means that it was that serial attacker...
Well, I wouldn't know.
What the hell are you playing at?
If you don't know how tall the attacker is, how the fuck are you going to stop him?!
If you didn't catch her already, poor Tae shouldn't have died!
Noriyuki, calm down...
-The police!
It's the police's fault that Tae is dead!
They're useless!
They're shit!
Stop it, Noriyuki! Eh? (Remember: woman) They're worthless!
(Remember: woman) They're worthless!
They're worthless!
The police are worthless!
Why are you making this face?!
What I'm telling you is that I'll play the bait!
Things are never like in the movies, are they?
- (Kogoro) Inspector Megure!
- (Sato) Inspector!
(Takagi) Are you all right?
(Takagi) It's nothing.
It's... it's over.
I'm sorry, Inspector.

In Noriyuki is a little upset, he should forgive.
Don't worry about it.
You are absolutely right.
I understand you perfectly.
All right, well, now we should all calm down a bit, okay?
You're right, miss.
I guess I can get back to work, Inspector.
Yes.
Thank you very much for everything.
Hey, the three women said...
that their assailant was about 5'10", right?
Not all 3.
The first and third women attacked said so.
The second woman was attacked from behind
and lost consciousness until she was found by a pedestrian.
She could not see the attacker.
But we have no doubt that the attacker is a meter 50.
When we had them come to the police station,
they all confirmed that the attacker was about that height.
How tall were they, the two assaulted girls?
Well, the first one was one meter 51 centimeters,
and the third one was 5'3".
We measured them at the central police station,
so the data is accurate.
Hey!
Don't explain these things to a child!
Yes, yes, excuse me.
Ran, you really haven't seen anyone suspicious, apart from the guard?
No, I haven't seen anyone.
I've been walking around the parking lot for a while,
but no..., no..., but isn't there something strange?
What's that?
What's strange?
It's this girl, exactly.
You think so too, Ran?
Do you see it?
There's something strange.
I can't tell what it is, but I can feel it.
Yes!
There's something frighteningly strange about this girl.
Frighteningly strange?
Wasn't there something strange
about the way the second girl was dressed, too?
That one was attacked when she was coming out of the park's washroom
after midnight, right, Sato?
That's right.
This is the photograph we took of the assaulted girl
where the events took place.
See?
You can see the sink behind the girl.
If she was found by a pedestrian,
that means she was alone at the time of the assault, right?
But I see she was wearing a man's coat.
Ah, yes, that's my coat.
Yes, that's my coat.
I put it on because I was cold.
Then what were you doing in the park,
on such a cold night and so little warm?
It's true.
She didn't say that they had taken her jacket.
-D'ençà that she was attacked has been very confusing,
and we have been totally unable to get anything out...
Donkey!
She was dressed like that because it is fashionable for girls to wear light clothes!
But she was wearing a short-sleeved outfit...
She was not warm enough, because of the weather.
She must have come from a warmer place and was probably planning to go back.
From a warmer place?
Well, yes, for example... inside a car.
-A car! -How?
Come to think of it, the first and third victims were attacked...
when they got out of their car.
And this assault was inside a parking lot.
There are cars involved in all 4 cases!
Check if the second victim is the same case, quickly!
Yes, sir!
These details will clarify our suspicions about the owner.
Not yet, we can't be sure.
(Man: river)
Keep up the good work as usual, famous detective!
Ooooh, Inspector Matsumoto!
Thanks for coming to help!
Megure, the press is making a scary fuss...
and they say it's the beginning of a series of murders.
Stop for today and continue with the case tomorrow!
Oh, but, listen, Inspector...
Let's do it this way, inspector.
We've come to the conclusion that the victims were in a car.
If necessary, I'll put on dark make-up,
I'll go to the car and we'll try again.
(Call) We will not use bait again!
Please allow me to stay and investigate the case some more!
I know I'm about to get somewhere.
I'm sure I am.
Okay, you may continue.
Megure...
Mm?
I hope for your sake...
that you don't continue to carry the memory of that case inside you.
I mean the case you have printed under your hat, of course...
No, that won't happen.
I'm sorry I brought it up.
I'm sorry I brought it up.
Inward!
(Thinking) "Eh? These shoes are dancing."
Nowadays, the girls who follow this Ganguro fashion...
are wearing hideous shoes.
(Think) "So, maybe the killer..."
Hey, is there anyone?
Is anyone out there?

And the next Conan:
"The Hidden Secret of Inspector Megure, (part two)."

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta...
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

