Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with intense rhythm.
Today we find out what he hides under Inspector Megre's hat.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "We saw accompany the Sonoko to a department store."
"But in Kogoro he was involved in a police operation.
"That Inspector Megre was conducting with his men."
"The inspector and his men were in the midst of an investigation
"into serial attacks on young women."
"At the time,
"Ran found a dead body in the parking lot of the department store."
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
"Inspector Megre was making progress in the investigation.
"But he didn't look like his old self..."
Commissioner, let me stay and investigate some more!
Besides, I am convinced that the assailant is very close to here!
Okay, you can continue.
Megre...
Mm?
I hope, for your sake,
that you do not continue to carry within you the memory of that case.
I mean the case you have printed under your hat, of course.
THE HIDDEN SECRET OF INSPECTOR Megre, (PART TWO)
We will continue with the interrogations.
(Commissioner) Very well, Sato.
Mr. Mouri... Let me have the car key.
I see you have for a while
and I'd like to leave the bags in the car and go to the bathroom.
Very well, but hurry up, it's almost closing time.
Thank you! Take there latch, too.
Of course!
(croons)
Lalalalalalà...
This one!
It's this one!
I've already found it!
Mm ?!
But what do you think, this truck?
What a way to park!
You can't even open the passenger door!
In you go!
Inspector!
I've already checked!
What did she say?
That woman got out of her car and went to the park toilets.
Yes, really?
(Think) "But I don't understand."
"Why does he only attack young cosmopolitan girls in cars?"
"Or is there some other motive?"
"The 4 victims must have more things in common."
(Sonoko) Hey ?!
No way!
This one is closed too?!
Why can't they clean up after closing the mall?!
What a stick!
The nearest toilet is on the eighth floor!
I have a bad luck with toilets....
(Loudspeaker: woman) "We thank you for coming...
"To shop in our mall."
"In a few moments it will be time to close our doors."
Oh, no, please!
We'll take the body with us, Inspector.
Good!
Hey, watch out, he's got a foot out!
Excuse me, excuse me!
Eh?
This shoe's dancing.
Hey, listen, Ran!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
You said you noticed something strange about the victim.
-Did you mean that?
- (whispers)
Yes, yes, that's right!
The girls who follow this Ganguro fashion
wear shoes horrendous.
(thinks) "So, the killer... surely..."
Eh?
(Thinking) Eh!
Please don't close the lights!
I'm still inside!
Hey, hey, hey!
Please! Please!
There's no one here!
What?
Platform boots?
God that Miss Aizawa who's been murdered in the parking lot,
was actually wearing platform boots?!
Yes!
The Ganguro girls are dressed in very flashy clothes...
and they wouldn't wear ordinary low-heeled shoes.
Isn't that right, Ran? That's right.
But how is it that the killer has gone to the trouble
to exchange his boots for shoes?
Surely he didn't want anyone to notice...
that he only attacks girls who drive around wearing platform boots!
What?
I beg your pardon?!
Now that you mention it, the 3 other victims were Ganguro....
and they were all wearing very flashy clothes.
I mean, there are so many possibilities....

that those 3 girls also wore platform boots!
Yes.
Speaking of platform boots.
When Ms. Aizawa caused that accident in the parking lot,
one of the causes was that she was driving in platform boots.
The victim couldn't press the brakes in time because of this.
Are you sure, Sato?
Yes!
The parents of the deceased young man were divorced....,
and the boy's father insisted that this was the cause.
You say they divorced?
Yes, because the father was violent under the influence of alcohol.
I'm sure that the child's father's name was...
Wasn't his name Sadakane?
Oh.
Yes, that's right.
It was also called!
Wait a moment, please!
I could have sworn that the security guard who was here was called Sadakane.
Eh?!
Does this mean he's the murderer?!
It's that guard!
Takagi, get all the information about the case that happened a year ago!
And you two go find the security guard!
But how did you know this, Conan?
Well, it's very easy, Sato.
The killer only attacks girls...
who drive around in platform boots, right?
And he can only know if they've been staring at them when they're out of the car.
Plus, they were all customers of this department store.
So there can only be one person...
who can see the customers when they get in the car.
This is the security guard!
This is all well and good,
but the victims testified that the assailant was 5'10".
And that security guard said he was 5'6"!
Ha-ha-ha!
Playing the fool again, eh, Kogoro?
The 3 girls just said he was the same height as them.
And if they were wearing platforms more than 10 centimeters high,
we should add at least 10 centimeters to the attacker's height!
It is true,
when we measured those girls at the police station they were wearing normal shoes.
As we quoted them,
they avoided wearing flashy clothes and platform boots.
But she wanted to take revenge on Ms. Aizawa,
why didn't you go straight home?
(Commissioner) Have you already forgotten, Mouri?
The girl was only 20 years old.
When the accident took place a year ago,
as she was a minor,
you couldn't make her address public.
That's why he waited for her here,
the same place where he ran over his son.
Somehow, he was convinced...
that she would set foot in this department store again.
But he must have been nervous that she wouldn't show up...
and how those girls were driving around with rigs,
he attacked them simply to let off steam.
(Sliders)
Inspector!
I already have the information!
The security guard is the father of the boy who died in the accident!
Okay, and where is he right now?
We've seen that his car is in the parking lot, but we can't find him.
What's wrong, Ran?
What's wrong with you? The Sonoko hasn't come back yet.
I was going to leave the bags in the car and in the bathroom, but....
(Thinking) "To leave the bags?"
"Wait a minute, the boots Sonoko is wearing are..."
(Mobile)
(Sonoko) Hello?
Ah, Ran!
What's up?
What is it now?
Although I'm at the department store.
But wait and listen!
They have a bar that is not little!
It was quietly to the bathroom and they have closed the lights for good.
Ah... Ha-ha...
"What? What happened? Sonoko..."
Don't worry, it's nothing.
It's nothing.
I just felt a strange presence.
Aaaah!
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
It... it saw me... it saw me... It saw my face!
Sonoko, what the hell is going on?
Sonoko! He's taken for another one!
The murderer saw Sonoko put the bags in the car,
thought she was a driver who was carrying platforms
and tried to kill her!
How!
Could he have told you where she was?
To the department store.
Is the call cut off?
It hasn't been cut off yet, but I feel a strange voice in the background, Conan...
A strange voice?
(Girl) "Choose the frame you like."
"Choose what pose I fly."
(Think) "A photo machine!"
There's a machine for taking passport photos?
Yes!
In fact, there are 2 on the stairs of the 10th floor restaurant.
Even if they close the floors below, the restaurants are open!

I'm sure at the Sonoko you've gone all the way down for the elevators.
Very good!
Takagi, you have to go turn on all the lights!
Inspector Megre and Sato will go up to the top floor for the elevator...
and make a sweep from top to bottom!
(At the same time) Yes, sir!
Get out of the way!
Make way!
Wow, you've taken this case to heart, Matsumoto.
It's a very similar case.
This case is a lot like the first case Inspector Megre had.
So where did they get to, your daughter and that guy with the glasses?
What?
What?!
We found it!
Without a doubt, this is Sonoko's cell phone.
The customers in the restaurant area haven't seen it,
Sonoko must have fled to the other floors.
Hey, Takagi!
Still can't turn on the lights?
You are the devil!
You are demons who have committed crimes
as long as I pass you off as lovely girls.
Demons don't deserve to live!
(People) Oh, what's happened?
The power's gone out!
-A blackout?!
-Shit, just now!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Sonoko!
Sonoko, where are you?!
(Glass: shattering) Sonokoooo!
Xxxt!
Shut up, Ran.
(Stones: falling)
Something has fallen to the ground.
Sand, rice... No, bigger things.
It sounded like the pebbles they put in aquariums.
Pets are the fourth floor!
Then it's the fourth floor!
Come on, let's go!
Mm?
(Sonoko: cries)
I'm really sorry, kiddo.
I just wanted to teach you a lesson.
A good lesson.
But you've seen my face.
Sonoko!
Sonoko!
That's strange.
There's no one in the pet section!
"There's nothing broken or fallen here!"
"It can't be! What we heard..."
You've seen my face!
Oh!
Ins-inspector...
What now?
Do you feel better?!
Answer me!
I ask you something.
If you feel so good about hurting other people!
You pretended to do justice on your own
with young girls who drive with rigs,
but you ended up attacking a poor high school student
who was leaving some bags in a car!
You, you don't do this out of justice... or for your dead son.
You are only doing this out of resentment!
You have disposed of the lives of people who meant nothing to you!
seeking your own satisfaction!
Don't you understand, you bastard!
I... all I wanted was for them to ask for forgiveness.
I wanted them to put on normal shoes...
and ask forgiveness to my son... who is in heaven...
At the beginning I was the only one who wanted...
really...
(Cries)
Sonoko!
Ran!
Raaaaan!
Are you ok?
You're not hurt?
No!
I've been so scared!
Inspector!
It's amazing, how did you know where I was?
Well, you see...
That's what brought me here.
This stone of go...
Inspector!
Are you all right?
It's all right, boys.
Don't worry, I just opened up an old head wound.
A wound that I thought had stayed in my past...
(Kogoro) The wound you had made in that case so long ago?
(Commissioner) Yes, in Megre always wears the hat...
to hide that old wound he got.
But for an inspector to get a wound while on duty...
it's like a medal of honor and it's not necessary to hide it...
It's more than 20 years ago, Kogoro.
Yes, it happened when Megre joined the police force.
You felt like talking, didn't you?
I'm referring to the case of that man who ran over high school girls.
-Oh, yes!
The killer's motive was that he had a grudge against the girls...
of the gangs of delinquents who threatened her for money.
He would take the girls when they were alone and run them over with his car.
"At that time, the fashion that the girls in the gangs were following
"Was to wear a long pleated skirt,
"and he would run over the ones he saw dressed like that."
"At first, he would just hit them with the car and run away,
"But he progressively escalated the violence...
"And finally there was a fatality."
The police told the girls in the neighborhood
not to go out on the street in those skirts,
and we got the incidents stopped dead in their tracks.
"But at that point a high school student came to us.

"Saying she would act as bait."
"She wanted to avenge her friend's death."
"We wanted to stop her,
"but we couldn't convince her not to,
"Because she also had a certain animosity against the police."
"We ordered Megre to act as her bodyguard."
"The criminal tried to run over the student and also in Megre..."
"In Megre he remembered the license plate number of the car.
"And we were able to stop the killer,
"But he had to pay a very high price."
"In Megre he came out of the accident with a head injury,
"But the student received some very severe trauma,
"And when we arrived she was covered in blood and in severe shock."
So, the reason why he never takes his hat off, is....
Yes, exactly.
If someone were to see the scar on his head,
they'd probably ask him how he did it.
And then he would be forced to remember that case constantly.
That's why he hid that scar with his hat at Megre.
That old scar held many painful memories for the inspector.
That's why he didn't like the operation with the decoy so much....
He didn't want the same thing to happen as with that student...
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute, girls:
she had a lot of broken bones, but she didn't die.
(All) Eh?
-Anyway, she is the... -(woman) Oh, commissioner Matsumoto!
The department inspectors have also come to see you.
Takagi, Shiratori and Sato just left a moment ago.
Oh, so they've come to see you too?!
Yes, they took advantage of the break to come and see him.
(Think) "Eh? A scar on his shoulder? It can't be!"
Hey!
Midori!
Can you peel me an apple, please?
No matter how many years go by, he will always be a spoiled child.
I'll go and cheer him up so he can get well soon and go back to work.
(Midori) Ah..., thank you very much, Inspector.
Come to think of it, I was once told...
that the inspector's wife had been a juvenile delinquent.
So, she never takes off her hat because...
He doesn't want to be pestered
with the story of how he met his wife.
Midori, you still don't have the apple?
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he....

Heya no mado no mukou ni Hikouki kumo o nazotte
Kyou kenkashita kimi no koto Bakari kangaeteta....
Sasai na koto de tono madotte fuantei de muboubi na,
Ano koro no you ni Sugus ni denwashite warai aetara ii no ni he.
Chika zuite kuru shifuku no toki wa
Itami o tomonanagara ashi oto o tateru!
Kangaesugite Fukami ni hamaru kimi no soba ni iru no ni.
Natsu no Maboroshi hitomi tojimete
ichiban saishou ni kimi o o omoidasu yo!
Dakedo kimi to ikiteyukitai kara.
Tomadoinagara demo ii tsunaida té o hanasanaide ella!

