Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with intense pace.
Today we raise the curtain for the great Conan episode of the 21st century!
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE DETECTIVES REUNITED.
IN Shin'ichi Kudō AGAINST KID THE THIEF, (PART 2)
Eh ?!
Oh!
(People: call)
But he's crazy!?
He's been dropped with this screen in the middle of this crowd!
(Thinks) "It will be impossible to find him, in the middle of this crowd of people."
(Mobile)
Yes, Megre.
Hey, Megre!
Megre!
It was you who fired?!
No, no, I'm not the one who shot... He-he-he-he!
Did you hear something, inspector, did the robber say something to you?
Yes, he told me something.
I don't know about a secret code.
A secret code?
I don't understand what he said.
Is it true that there's this message engraved
in the center of the watch face?
Yes, yes it is!
Anyway, it's a very important piece of evidence.
We'll have to postpone the move of the clock scheduled for tomorrow...
"Until we have deciphered the secret code."
I was thinking about it, you don't need to tell me!
Well..., that's good.
The watch is fine and the thief's attempt has ended in failure.
(Thinking) "No, that's where you're wrong, Inspector Megre."
"He has left a message on the clock
"And he has left the tower in the custody of the police."
"He has taken the clock from the hands of its owner,
"who planned to sell the tower and take it to the..."
"He has written it down."
"If we write the characters with the letters of the Latin alphabet
"And move the vowels to the right, we have:
" 'You shall not have the peal of the wealth of bells.'"
Tell me something, inspector!
I still haven't asked you... the name... of that thief.
Well, it doesn't matter.
(Remember: child) "So you're expecting someone too?"
"Hm. I was supposed to go out with the father.....
"But he told me he was busy and couldn't come and get me."
"He has. My name is Kaito Kurobane! How do you do!"
My name is Kaito Kurobane!
How do you do!
Kaito!
How can I forget?
Donkey...
Master, are you worried about something?
Thanks to your comment, I've remembered again.
So the blow from the clock tower was dangerous.
And what happened, with the clock strike?!
It's true, you didn't know anything, since you moved house.
-So you will move it another DAY - 4...
3..., 2...,
1...
(Chimes)
The sound of these bells is....
After the coup, the police examined it...
and saw that the diamonds were fake.
The city recovered the clock.
Let's go, let's go.
Let's get this party started, shall we?
My target: the 'Big Jewel'.
The jewel that is in the possession of the Suzuki Financial Group,
the Black Star!
Master, I know I can't stop you,
but Mr. Toichi-san used to say one thing:
"Getting in touch with a customer is like being on a battlefield."
"Don't get nervous or despise him, look into his heart."
"Concentrate all your nerves on him, use all your weapons."
"And come what may,
"You must never forget to make a poker face."
-Isn't that so?
-Sir...
(croons)
(croons)
I'm home!
The mail has arrived.
Oh!
Oysters!
What's that?
It's creepy!
What's wrong, Ran?
What's wrong, daughter? But it's just... look at this.
They've written "Kogoro Mouri"
in white brush letters on a black envelope.
Hm?
No stamp and no return address.
It must be a new kind of invitation... I don't know...
Let's see what it says:
"In tribute to your wisdom,
"It would be my pleasure if you would attend the dinner I will be hosting."
Eh, you see, daughter?
That's what I was telling you.

I guess they want to class up their dinner by inviting a famous detective.
by inviting a famous detective.
I don't think so.
Look at this.
This check fell in.
It says it's for 2 million yen, right?
Two... Two million yen?!
Isn't it strange that they bothered to send this fortune to you?
They don't even know if the person receiving it is going to the dinner...
Hey, father... Hmm?
Maybe inside the envelope it says who sent it to you.
But what... what the hell is this?
"The ghost of the son God forsook..."
Oh, how sinister that is!
(thinks) "The ghost of the son God forsook."
"So that's what it was all about."
(Series opening tune)

(Off) "He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
"He goes to the essence of it all with intense rhythm.
"We raise the curtain for the great Conan episode of the 21st century!"
"He looks like a kid, but he's got the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
(Tire: clicking)
Oh! Huh?
What-what's the matter?
Conan, look at the wheel of this band, please.
What happened, Father?
Aaaah.
This wheel is all busted up!
What?
Blowout?
Oh.
What a bummer.
Eh?
No spare tire!
Oh, shit!
Hey, Kogoro... What's the matter?!
Look, there's a gas station over there!
Hurray!
What luck!
There is also Buddha in hell.
Casum Dena!
This, a shortcut?!
Which way did the old man at the gas station show us?
But, father..., are you sure, that we have to go this way?
Of course we must!
He took me to his gas station store,
and made me buy this very expensive map.
If he got confused, I'll make him pay for it all at once!
Aaaaah...
Finally we got out on a lawful road.
It seems to be true, it was a good shortcut.
That's what you see on the right hand side, isn't it?
That's the Twilight Mansion the letter was talking about.
Well, it looks like a really terrifying mansion to me.
It's more like Count Dracula's castle than Twilight Manor.
Uh... Wait, father.
There you plan to go, to that place?
Donkey.
We've been sent the invitation and now we're obliged to go.
Besides, there was a check for 2 million, inside the letter...
But where there was supposed to be the sender it said something sinister.
Ah, the God forsaken thing and I don't know what else?
Don't worry, daughter.
I'm sure it's a bluff!
Are you sure, father?
Please, let's let it go and don't go.
What are you saying?
Here we are.
But if there were in Dracula I'd be sick.
Stop talking nonsense.
There's no such thing as a Dracula in Japan, woman!
If there were, it would be a mountain witch at best.
Eh?
Oh!
(Car: hard braking)
Aiiiiiiiii!
A witch!
Wow, what a way to greet a lady at the first meeting.
Uh... Excuse me, ma'am.
Madam, what are you doing in a place like this?
My dear Fiat's engine stalled.
and now I was waiting for someone to pass by.
Are you also going to the Twilight Mansion?
Wouldn't you mind letting a little old lady like me up there, son?
I don't see any inconvenience.
Come on in, sit in the back seat.
Could you take my things out of the stroller
and load them into your vehicle?!
-Yes, yes, yes.
-Thank you very much.
What, father, even though we didn't get there?
Mm?
Well, it's still a little while.
Why do you say that?
(Flux) I just feel like going to the bathroom.
-Which mug.
-Noieta...
Maybe I'm just meddling where I'm not wanted,
but the headmaster of the elementary school in my village...
used to say that the people who succeed,
are the ones who don't let opportunities slip away.
When you've let them slip away, no matter how long you wait,
you'll never get another opportunity like it.
Hey, why didn't you solve your problem...
when you stopped by the gas station a while ago?
Hey, lady, how do you know that we passed by a gas station?
Well, it's very simple, young man.
Look, the ashtray is empty, and underneath there is a fresh cigarette butt.
It must have fallen out of the ashtray because it spilled;
this proves that he's a heavy smoker.
But on the other hand, the ashtray is quite empty.

The only place he may have emptied is at the gas station 10 km back.
And a gentleman who is kind enough to let a stranger in,
wouldn't throw his cigarette butts out the window in front of his daughter.
W-wait a minute, ma'am.
Who are you?
My name is Furuya SenM.
I'm a detective like you, Mr. Sleeping Kogoro.
Furuya SenM?
That famous detective who can solve a case...
only to be told about it, sitting in her armchair!
Exactly, young lady, this is me.
(Think) "Wow, is that the woman?"
Well, well..,
I guess I'll have to put this ashtray away for a while.
Hey, wait a minute!
Don't smoke in front of me even when we get to the mansion, please.
I detest cigarette smoke to the point of despair.
(Thinking) "Shit..."
(SenM) We already have the Twilight Mansion before us!
Full throttle!
Let's see...
Father, open the trunk, sisplau.
Right away.
Oh, my goodness!
Close up, although it looks more like a haunted house.
Me going inside, eh! Eh?
Yes.
The washroom, the washroom...
Wow, there's a lot of luxury cars!
A Mercedes, a Ferrari, a Porsche...
(SenM) They're all very ostentatious.
(SenM) Oh!
Isn't this an Alfa Romeo?
OSPA!
It's a classic!
(Man) Hey!
Don't touch my girl with this confidence.
I've been chasing this daredevil for 5 years
and now I've finally made it.
I don't want her to pout
because a stranger touches her with dirty hands.
-Okay, puny mustache? -Wimpy mustache?!
Long time no see, Mogi.
He invited you too?
Oh!
Hello, Mrs. SenM!
Does this mean you're invited too?
(Think) "Mogi."
"It's Detective Harufumi Mogi?"
But are you all right now?
The press said you were shot by the mafia last week.
-Ah, it's been so long that I don't even remember....
(SenM) Have you already thought about getting married, one of these days?
In 3 days you will be 40 years old, won't you?
(Mogi) There's no telling what the future has in store for us.
Now all I need is to calm my stomach with a good banquet.
You are welcome.
Mr. Mogi, Mr. Mouri and Mrs. SenM, I presume.
I've been expecting you for a while now.
Please come in, come in.
- (Kogoro) This is exactly... (SenM) A haunted house?
(Kogoro: laughing)
Please, if you'd like to leave your umbrella here...
-Yes, yes, right away.
- (man) Come, girl! Yes!
Excuse me for a moment.
I've just passed through the kitchen, but...
-I swear he's... -The gourmet detective.
"In Shukuzen oogamia."
That the cook got sick and couldn't come?!
This was not the deal!
I took the trouble to come just for this reason!
I'm really sorry.
We have all the ingredients, but...
All right, don't go on!
Leave the kitchen to me, I'll do the cooking!
Good cooking and murders are the only treasures
capable of inspiring my brain cells!
What a mess!
Ah...!
I'm sorry, gentlemen.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Let's see, what are you up to?
Why did you invite 4 detectives to this lost corner of the mountain?
Uh, no, ma'am, as a matter of fact, you've invited 6 detectives in all...
Uh, wait a minute.
You say there are 2 more guests?
Yes, they're a woman and a young boy...
A boy.
Shouldn't you say Shinichi?!
You're wrong!
Surely it's not him!
That's impossible.
Isn't it?
No, there were 2 more detectives on the list,
but we couldn't get in touch with Shinichi Kudo.
And Detective Hattori's mother called us declining the invitation
because he has semester exams coming up.
That's why he agreed to have Mr. Kogoro Mouri come with his family to the
accompanied by his family to the Twilight Mansion.
And so?
Do you know where he is, this sonado who is enthusiastic about detectives?
Well... To be honest, I've never seen him either.
But he's given you the list, hasn't he?
Yes.
He gave me this list when he interviewed me to hire me.
But it was a very extravagant interview.
Extravagant?
Yes.
Because it was a high-paying job,
a lot of applicants came in to fill the position.

When I walked into the interview room,
"I saw a computer, an explanation of the dinner...
"And a list of the guests on the table."
"There was no one in the room."
"Then, just as the computer told me to do,
"I read those documents
"And all at once I heard a noise
"And the words 'You are hired' appeared on the monitor."
So, there was no one there to hire you?
Well, no.
But you must have heard his voice, right?
Besides, he gave you the go-ahead.
He gave me all the details
by sending me e-mails on his cell phone.
Ah.
It's very interesting.
I've already started to shiver with excitement.
Well, I've been shivering with excitement
since I've seen this strange drawing on the door!
Now that you mention it, it is a strange drawing.
What does it represent?
Be careful, my pretty.
That surely are ancient blood stains.
What?!
No, please don't.
You're joking, right?
(Woman) No, they're real.
The blood traces splattered on the door at an angle of about 45 degrees.
And not just the door.
On the wall there are blood stains dripping down to the floor.
Although they have tried to clean it up,
in this house there are traces of blood stains everywhere.
And it seems that these stains
are not just from one or two people...
(Boy) I expected nothing less from you.
Lu-mi-nol.
When applied on blood stains,
it oxidizes due to the active oxygen in the blood
and emits a phosphorescent lilac color.
You make good deductions, exforensic scientist Ikumi Sohda.
Gee, I'm honored to be so affalaguis....,
young man.
My name is Saguru Hakuba.
How do you do?
Hakuba?!
You mean, Police Commissioner Hakuba is your...?
Yes, Police Commissioner Hakuba is my father, Mr. Mouri.
(Beeping)
A-a hawk?!
Oh, I'm sorry I startled you.
Maybe it's because he accompanied me in England,
but Watson has become very sensitive to the smell of blood.
In... Watson?
But it was worth
to go to the trouble of rushing back to Japan.
Because I am at the scene of the tragedy that has been hidden for many years.
I had heard rumors, and now I am here, 40 years later.
It is more than I could ask
to arouse my intellectual excitement.
Tragedy ?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, what a pain!
You're a really nice guy.
Thanks, but I'm not that nice either...
What do you think of all this, Mr. Sleeping Kogoro?
Hurray!
Look, look, another game!
I've won again!
"Clearly, this one is unbeatable, as usual."
Wait a minute...
Ran, pretty, don't cheat.
Look at the jack on your left.
It has a mark on it, see?
Yes, that's right.
I'm sorry, I didn't realize.
It seems that they were stuck together since the beginning of the game.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What have you got, Ran?!
There's blood on the cards!
(SenM) My God, there are blood splashes on the cards?
The maid has told me that the things are
as they were when the crime was committed.
So, in this room, too?
(Door: creaks) Ah!
Thank you for waiting.
Dinner is ready.
You may now go to the dining room.
The master is waiting for you...
-The great general has finally appeared... It will be fun...
Ah... I've lost my appetite.
It's this room here.
Come in, come in.
Hey, wait a minute.
What's with this costume?
Haven't you been watching too much television?
(Distorted voice) Distinguished and famous 6 detectives.
I welcome you to my mansion, Twilight Manor.
First of all, you are seated at the table, please.
Well, then.
Remove the plates in the order I explained to you earlier, please.
Yes, sir.
Let's get started.
The reason I invited you here is that I want you...
to find the treasure that sleeps somewhere in this house.
I want you to find the pile of riches that I have amassed over the years.
I want him to find it at the risk of his life.
Risking his life?!
(explosions)
What's the matter?
What was it, this noise?!
Don't worry.
I've made sure you don't leave on your legs.
What?!
People like you are always after me,
and I thought I might be the one to harass you for once.

And what's more, I have also blown up the bridge that you have crossed to come,
so that even if I had the car you couldn't get away.
Naturally, there is no phone line here....
and cell phones are out of range.
You won't be able to call anyone on the outside for help.
Yes, in other words:
this is a game where I will give half of the riches
to the person who finds the treasure and the way out of the mansion.
Did you like the idea I'm proposing?
I don't like worms like you.
Wretches who cover their faces with masks like cowards.
Eh?
Oh!
Come on, you can't fight on an empty stomach.
Enjoy your... last supper.
It's a mannequin with a speaker on its head!
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
Who could it be?
Who did this?
Someone as renowned as you came without knowing why you were invited?
I was referring to the invitation they sent us.
The word "genei" means "ghost".
One who appears unexpectedly and has no tangible body.
"Son" is written with the character "and" attached to the left.
Therefore, it refers to the son of a beast.
The God forsaken beast of the New Testament,
refers to the goat that does not receive God's blessings.
This means that we are talking about a goat.
In English the goat is called "goat".
But their young call them this way:
"Kid."
What?
What?
Look at it this way, maybe it will be easier for you.
In Kid, the Phantom Thief.
Hey, wait, that can't be... This means that...
Yes, this means, exactly,
he never lets the prey he's set out to pursue get away.
He's a brilliant criminal who confuses the police
with as many faces and voices as there are stars in the sky.
He is the main course that we detectives delight to savor.
He's an inveterate bad guy I'd like to put in jail.
(Think) "And he's the one person who drives my thoughts crazy."
"Who's ever seen him dressed in his trademark clothes calls him.....
"Kid, the Thief!"
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

