Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with intense pace.
Today we raise the curtain on the great Conan episode of the 21st century!
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE DETECTIVES REUNITED.
IN Shin'ichi Kudō AGAINST KID THE THIEF, (PART 1)
Hey, don't you find it a little strange, he showed up in a museum?
Aren't you curious to see the face he makes?
He sure is a handsome prince!
A kind of Harrison Ford, a Jean Reno...
(Girl) That museum gathers famous jewels from all over the world
and they make a great exhibition.
You can see the biggest pearl in the world.
(Girl) Isn't it the pearl they call the Black Star?
The one that they say carries happiness?
(Boy) 3 steel bends to the midnight darkness.
No, there are 2 more at the bottom.
What overkill, they even have an armored vehicle at the ready.
Excellent, Metropolitan Police!
You've put all your energies into it!
(Man) Don't do it, young sir.
This time... something gives me a bad feeling.
If you find yourself in a mess again like the other time
and something bad happens to you,
this time I wouldn't be able to apologize to the master again,
the former Kid the Thief.
Don't charge me!
You always tell me these things, before an important blow.
Let me breathe, will you?
You have to.
But..., Master Kaito!
Besides, today I won't be the son of Toichi Kurobane,
the man with whom you worked as a butler,
nor will I be Kaito, the high school sophomore.
I will be the person everyone is talking about.
An evil... loaded with fumes.
Mr.-Mr. Kaito...!
(Kid) Too easy!
It was too easy!
Next time it will be child's play compared to yesterday.
(Rio) Eh?
"The Kid The Thief's fans are increasing by the minute!"
Come on, this is great!
That Kid the Thief's fan base is growing by the minute?!
You cheap bastard!
For me it is a rotten that goes down the road to perdition!
Calm down, don't get on so much.
It is not necessary for you to get on,
because every now and then defeats your father, that stubborn inspector.
You can not do anything, do not you see?
After all, this thief is....
One..., two..., three!
A great thief impossible to stop!
Besides, that inspector won't be able to catch him...
not even when the last chapter of "Star Wars" is released.
Just because you know how to do, like him, four small-time magic tricks, doesn't mean that you have to give your all,
doesn't mean you have to take his side.
He's just a funny guy who seeks his satisfaction by stealing...stuff,
and sneaking them back later...
Are you sure?
I really like it, that it's this way.
He looks like he has to be a naughty teenager.
-Don't you find it charming? -Akako.
Akaki, please!
Don't be fooled!
Whichever way you look at it, he's a delinquent!
Haven't you seen the news?
He announced that he's going to rob!
Yes, that old clock in front of the station.
That's right!
That clock belongs to all the people of the city!
If the clothes will do a great injustice to everyone!
Eh, yes... I guess so.
Besides, that clock...
That clock...
They want to take it out of its tower, take it somewhere else...
to turn it into the symbol of a theme park.
Keiko.
If it has disappeared from the city,
it's worth more than the mangue in Kid the Thief.
-No!
It's not right, let him steal!
I don't know what you're up to, this time,
but I recommend you... let it go, Kaito.
Let's see, didn't I tell you?
I'm not the Kid the thief, woman.
The ancient tower that dictates to us the time,
will sing its twenty-thousandth chime.
The evil one will come flying from the eastern sky with his light
and the white sinner will be condemned.
Another of your absurd predictions?
It is not a prediction.

It is a prophecy dictated to me by the demon Llussifé.
Llu-Llussifé...?
The day that clock will strike its 20,000th chime,
is the night you have chosen to strike your great blow.
Whether you recognize it or not..., it's up to you.
In the heliotransport units present in the airspace...
"And all the cars
"patrolling the perimeter of the clock tower:
"If you find any suspicious person, notify me immediately."
"To the units guarding the tower:
"Let no one do anything until I give the order!"
Watch your assigned sector!
But, Inspector Nakamori...
Do you think the Kid the Thief will come as he said he would?
His warning made it clear.
"On Saturday night, when the bell rings at midnight,
"I'll show up to take the clock that's on high."
There is no way he could steal such an immense clock....
You fool!
You don't know him?
If he said he would steal, he will steal!
It's the hands of the clock.
My father, who 50 years ago was mayor of the city,
made a big expenditure a few years ago
to have a foreign designer design the clock,
and on the small hand he put his signature and diamonds set in it.
It is an object of great artistic value,
and surely the thief must be after precious stones.
Why did the owner let it pass?
He told us he wanted to see how the surveillance was going.
I hope you checked on the real owner.
Of course I did.
Anyway... I beg you to protect him.
Protect him from that little devil
who sent me this ridiculous letter.
Protect the esteemed watch I inherited from my late father.
Don't worry, we will, sir.
I leave it in your hands...
Inspector, I must tell you something:
We haven't seen much of Saguru, Commissioner Hakuba's son, lately.
Apparently, he had a case pending to be solved,
and he's had to go back to London for a while.
-I don't know what we'll do without him... -Shut up, clumsy!
We can't depend on a little boy who's just playing detective!
It's 28 minutes and 30 seconds... before the time is up.
Let's go, then.
Ekoda resident, 27 years old, single, police officer Yoichi Sensui.
I'll take your name and face for a while.
Forgive me.
(Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid, Kid!
(Think) "Oh, a good crowd has come."
Mr. Takarada, how did you see it, inside?
It's perfect.
You can't get in anywhere.
I'm a little nervous, because of the theme park.
If we don't start the moving work tomorrow,
we won't be in time for the opening of the park...
and they will cancel the purchase of the clock.
If the Kid steals the small handle, where the diamonds are, and discovers....
Xxxt.
As of today, you and I are the only ones who know...
that we sold them and that we replaced them with fake ones.
Besides, now that everyone knows that in Kid for the watch, it's gone up in value.
It's a perfect time to sell it.
When they find out after we make the move, it won't be my business anymore.
Besides, it's impossible for me to steal it!
No one could steal that huge watch!
No matter how good a ghost thief he is, he won't be able to do it....
(Girl) Kid, don't come!
Father, you can win!
Wait a minute, Aoko!
You're the only one who says those things.
How's this?
I'm anti-Kid.
What did you see in Kaito?
No, but he said he'd watch a magic show on TV.
Ya.
(thinks) "I guess I'm the only one that remembers what happened..."
What?!
That a patrol car spotted a suspect who looked like he was in Kid?!
Yes!
He dropped this hat and ran away in a hurry!
Gee, this is the Kid's silk hat and cape!
Wait, wait, wait.
Yes!
With Inspector Nakamori...
Yes, we have a silk hat and a cape.
Yes... Yes... That's what it looks like, sir.
I already have the inspector's authorization.
Communicate the finding
and the characteristics of the suspect to the inspector,
which is at the top of the tower!
Yes, sir!
(People) Kid!
Kid!
Kid!
Kid!
(thinks) "Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! This is done!"
"Without the heavy in Hakuba around here, it's all too easy!"
Here we are, miss.

Yes, there is no doubt that it is... in this helicopter.
It emits an energy just as intense as Kurobane's.
It has the wit of a devil and piercing eyes...
that are able to see through people.
But who is it?
Eagle 4 base, eagle 4 base.
No news, awaiting instructions.
Hey, hey, hey!
What's up?!
There's one helicopter too many!
It's reinforcements from the central station.
Reinforcements from the central police station?!
I don't remember asking them for help!
Ah, the Kid the Thief's silk hat?
Yes, we've been told about it.
Now, you should show us your ID.
Please... Name, age and date of birth.
Yoichi Sensui, 27 years old, born June 2nd!
At your service, sir!
Very well, thank you for everything.
Inspector Nakamori is waiting for you upstairs.
Yes, sir!
Ah, just a moment...
Tell me your driver's license number, just in case...
Yes...
Sure!
It's number 62-86-05 52-48-10!
Eh?
It's... it's... in Kid!
Stop him!
Stop him!
- (men: call out) -Is it really happening?
What is it?!
What has the thief discovered in the Kid inside the tower?!
(Boy) "Yes! Groups C and D are chasing him."
Come on, come on.
Are you sure it's him?
No doubt about it!
I asked him for his driver's license number...
and we caught him when he tried to answer us!
The driver's license number?
A guy from the police station who came to help us told us.
He's a famous thief because he's an expert at impersonating others.
"He might know more than we think."
A boy, you say?
Close all the entrances and all the exits of the tower!
Don't open them until I order you to!
Then you'll be like a mole in a hole tied hand and foot!
Group D, Nakamura and Kawada!
We've lost sight of him near the third floor toilets.
"Stay calm. I'm sure he's still very close to where he is."
See the ventilation duct installed at the bottom of the toilets.
See if he has removed the screws?
Yes, they are gone!
He's taken them out!
"Then you'll find it in here! Follow the track, quick!"
We've found him!
It's him!
(thinks) "Hey, hey! Today the inspector is being unbearably perspicacious!"
"Or is there someone helping her from outside?"
"But who could it be?"
Megre!
So it's you, eh?!
What the hell are you up to?!
Why did you take a creature to me?!
I'm the one running this operation!
Besides, you don't belong in this section!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
It's just that I had promised him that I'd let him get on the helicopter.
And I thought I could take you to see an operation.
Eh ?!
Mr. Inspector, forgive me for being rude..,
but we don't have time to argue now.
If you want to arrest the thief, follow my instructions.
Co-How do you say?!
They have discovered his identity before he has committed the crime,
and he is restless.
The gears of his plan have begun to grind to a halt.
This is the best chance we have to catch him!
Who... who are you?
May I know who you are?!
Who am I?
I'm Shinichi Kudo,
a good detective.
En-Shinichi Kudo?!
Yes!
I know him!
I know him!
He's that young detective
who's solved a lot of mysterious murder cases!
Well, this case isn't your competition either!
"We're chasing a thief!"
-Ha-ha!
He's a high school student, he's not from any depar....
"(Punch)"
So much for that!
This is police work!
Stay in the helicopter and do absolutely nothing, is that clear?!
Inspector Nakamori!
Thanks to the boy's directions,
Nakamura has found the Kid inside the ventilation ducts!
This is Nakamura, from group D!
The target is trying to get out of the ventilation ducts!
What do you want me to do ?!
"Don't be nervous."
"The shot is already practically in our hands!"
"What's your position?" Well, I am....
As we've been moving in the dark I wouldn't know....
"We've gone up one floor and I think we're now in the room..."
The exits of the ventilation ducts are inside the building.

Please continue to pursue.
This one has no escape.
"Have the agents blocking the fourth-floor duct exit
"be prepared to stop him."
How dare he?
She's giving orders again...
I lost sight of her near the exit of the ventilation duct!
"Where are you now?!"
- (man) In the corridor on the fourth floor! -What?
Target has shed his police disguise and is now on the run!
-Please send me reinforcements! - (Nakamura) In Kid!
Aaaaaaaah!
Thank you very much...
(Nakamura) Very good!
He panicked and got rid of the police disguise!
Don't let him run away!
Don't let him escape!
How is it that the helicopter guy had such accurate information
about the structure of the tower?
Because I sent him the data on his computer.
He-he!
Ouch!
"(Punch)"
You're such an asshole!
That's weird.
He-he?
You take off your costume surrounded by cops,
it's like a hermit crab taking off its shell
and swam in a sea full of predators.
This doesn't add up!
(Chimes)
Inspector Nakamori..., it's time for a warning...
Yes...
(Chimes)
Inspector!
Smoke is coming out of the base of the section under construction!
What do you mean?
(People: exclamations of surprise)
Inspector Nakamori!
The hands of the clock... have disappeared!
What?!
They've disappeared?!
(people exclaiming in surprise) Great!
Kid, you're great!
(thinks) "Idiot. He's an idiot!"
You saw something?
Was it shaking?
What if the helicopter was shaking?
I don't want to say this, inspector.
Oh, you don't?
Inspector, where?
To check the clock engine room!
Hey, pilot, can you come a little closer to the tower, please?
Shit! What the hell does that mean, all of it?
What the hell does it all mean, all of it?!
Now what's going on?!
This... this is...!
Hey, what happened?!
Eh?!
A policeman came out of the ventilation duct and...
Out of the duct?!
After spraying the liquid from a spray can...,
he went over there...
No, it can't be.
Then it should be visible from the outside.
Ah!
Kid the thief!
Damn Kid!
It's me!
At Nakamori!
I've found the Kid!
Now...
Inspector Nakamori.
I'm very sorry,
but this time I don't have time to play with you...
What did you say?!
Besides, it seems you now have a cunning joker force playing on your field.
A joker?
Besides, if you have to call someone, I'd prefer you do it...
after deciphering the secret code in the middle of the sphere.
-A secret code?! - That's right.
I want him to decipher it before I call anyone else.
Oh? (people shouting)
(People: shouting)
The surface of the clock is shaking?
What does this mean, Kudo?
At the same time as he lifted the smokescreen
over the illuminated surface of the clock,
he turned off the light and put a giant screen in front of it,
and projected the image of the clock without the hands on it
with a projector he has on a scaffolding.
So it's all a set-up!
Yes.
Come on, let's go!
Now it must be on the other side of the screen,
where the precious stones are.
Leave it for a moment, sisplau.
Eh?
Oh! (People) Oooooh!
(People) Oooooh!
(People) Hey!
Who did it?!
Who fired the shot?!
(Thinking) "Shit, with the helicopter so close....,
"It will be impossible for me to fly with my giant glider."
"What do I do now? What do I do now?"
Hey, wait, Shinichi!
It's all right!
I promise I won't shoot anyone.
No, this is not the problem, Shinichi!
And now, the grand finale of the magic show.
Let's let the director of the company appear?
(Shooting)
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

