Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
We raise the curtain for the great Conan episode of the 21st century!
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE DETECTIVES REUNITED.
IN Shin'ichi Kudō AGAINST KID THE THIEF, (PART 4)
What ?!
That Mrs. SenM has died?!
(Mogi) Yes.
The car was set to explode when the headlights were tampered with.
(Mogi) No way!
Waiting here is like letting her kill us.
We separate selected and let's check if there is anyone else in this house.
All right, the 3 women could form a group,
so we can go to the bathroom together whenever we need to.
Hey.
Where the hell did he go, that brown-haired, fair-skinned boy?
Ah, he went to feed that hawk he brought along.
Oh, what fancy things there are....
Why, there seems to be a recent scratch, on this piano.
It's probably left by the hawk's claws.
This means that the young man has also been in this room.
Eh?
Have you noticed?
There's something between the piano keys.
Eh?
This is... is the secret message that indicates the place where the treasure is!
It is curious, it is printed on a piece of rice paper.
Surely, someone must have printed this text...
when there were no photocopiers yet,
and for some reason handed it out to a whole series of people.
In other words, the story that you have told us...
of the tragedy that happened in this mansion 40 years ago...
and this secret message...
is a bunch of nonsense!
Look, look, this piano is wet.
Now that you mention it, it's true.
This is that detective's luminol.
So, she's been in this room too.
Hey, man, turn off the lights, hurry!
Hurry up!
Hey?
Oooh!
(toilet flushes)
(flushing the toilet) Eh?
Where is she, the maid?
She said she'd wait for us outside.
Can you check if she's here?
Uh..., yes.
Aki, are you here?
Aki!
Aki!
There are letters written in blood on the piano.
So, something did happen.
"A triumph"?
No, it can't be!
Indeed, I guessed it was you.
The killer wouldn't risk getting into a car
that's loaded with a bomb.
In other words,
the possible assassins are those of us who didn't get into the car:
you, me, Ran and Aki.
Come on, kid, that thing you're carrying could be dangerous.
It was under my pillow, in my room.
But I'm guessing you put it on
so you could pin the murder on me.
Oh, what a coincidence.
I've been thinking exactly the same thing.
I've made exactly the same deductions as you.
(gunshot)
-A gun?!
-It came from the central tower!
Wrong, the bullet went through his heart.
(Gunshot) Damn it.
The stairs!
Someone's coming up the stairs!
Tuuuu!
A computer?
(Thinks) "He told us to come here
"When esbrinéssim the place where the treasure was."
The... Miss Sohda!
(Mogi) Look at this!
When the person who finds out where the treasure is...
enters its location into the computer and to get out,
then they poison her.
But... where the fuck is the murderer?!
Don't play crazy!
This woman could not fall into a trap
that she would have stopped herself,
and your daughter and the maid are in the sink without senses.
If the feature that has sounded was false,
the only people who could have committed the murder are you and me.
And I know I didn't do it.
You did it, didn't you?
The guilty will be punished.
Don't take it badly....,
Mr. Sleeping Kogoro.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
No, it can't be...
(Female voice) I've gathered the detectives, but they haven't solved it.
The image from the cameras has been cut off.

What?
Someone enters data?
Who is it?
Who is it?
"I've deciphered the secret message in the room."
"I'd like to tell you face to face. Come to the dining room."
"The seventh detective."
This is absurd!
It doesn't make any sense.
All the guests are dead!
Surely there is no seventh detective!
Who is it?!
Who the hell should it be?!
It would be hard to believe...
that the person who put the bomb in the car went upstairs..,
unless he was planning to commit suicide, but there are exceptions.
Like someone who wants to make believe that he died in that explosion.
I'm right..,
Detective SenM?
Eeeh?
Yes..., before the explosion, he got out of the car,
"He went through the vegetation...
"and made sure that the car fell down the ravine."
"After sneaking back to the mansion, he watched what we did...
"With the hidden cameras
from some room.
Don't be ridiculous.
I realized the bomb was there
"And I managed to get out of the car."
I just got to the mansion just now.
Besides, at that moment we decided at the flip of a coin...
who would get in the car, right?
No, you decided that you would get in the car before you flipped anything upstairs.
"You made the coin stay in your hand on the side of your face.
"Before you flipped it in the air."
"You put your right hand on top of the other hand, where the coin was hidden,
"and threw another one, which fell to the ground."
"And he showed the one he had previously hidden in his hand."
Because you were holding the 10 yen coin
with which we examined Mr. Oogamia's tea,
you could take it out at any time.
Oi, godforsaken son?
Do you mean to say that I am the host that Mr. Oogamia has died?
Then explain yourself.
How could I make Mr. Oogamia take the cyanide in the dining room
and how could I foresee the moment of death?
There was no poison in the tea,
Mr. Mouri was between Mr. Oogamy and me, at that table.
And besides, we didn't do "rock, paper, scissors" to decide where to sit?
Where to sit had nothing to do with it
because you've impregnated the top of the handle
of the guests' teacup.
This is the place that Mr. oogamia touched with his thumb,
"When he picked up his cup."
"And the man bites his finger unconsciously when he thinks."
And so he did after hearing the tape.
"Who announced the secret message with his manipulated voice."
"If you commanded that tea be served when the tape began.
"Mr. Oogamia, after hearing the message,
"I would start to think and you could murder as you wanted."
Remember that everyone has wiped their cup and cutlery
before using them.
It's true.
That was a pretty serious oversight for a great detective like oogamy,
"But if he was your accomplice in planning this dinner,
"It wouldn't occur to him that they were trying to kill him,
"And no wonder he didn't take precautions."
From the very moment I sensed that Aki had arrived today
and that the Mercedes was already parked outside, I became suspicious.
For someone to abandon a Mercedes in such a remote area,
there must be someone to drive the Mercedes
and an accomplice driving it in another car.
Even more so: the reason why he has gone to the trouble of waiting....
"And to have Mr. Mouri drive it...
"It was to remarked that he detested tobacco."
"If the oogamia had the idea of putting a cigarette with cyanide in his mouth,
"He would have died immediately."
The reason she chose Aki as a maid.
"Is that he saw that she had the vice of biting her nails,"
and, therefore, he could murder her just like Mr. Oogamia.
Yes, he murdered her accomplice, Mr. Oogamia,
and then you made it look like someone had murdered you.
You have psychologically cornered the detectives you had invited
because you had to break the code,
and when he found out where the treasure was, he would have murdered them.
Just as he did Karasuma quarreled 40 years ago!
I found the name of Kyosuke SenM
to the last words written on the piano.
This man...
This man was my father.

An archaeologist who was invited to this sinister mansion that night.
The story was that there was a millionaire who was over 100 years old
and he had discovered that there was a treasure hidden in the mansion.
He had inherited it from his mother
and he wanted someone to find the treasure before he died.
It seemed like a simple job and very well paid,
and every day we got a letter with a fortune in it,
so the mother and I were happy.
But 6 months later,
the letters with the checks stopped coming and the father disappeared.
I only found out the whole truth,
when I happened to look up against the light
the last letter the father sent us.
It was a letter he had written by punching holes in the paper with a needle.
"The letter spoke of a message
"That indicated the place where the treasure was."
"It said that there were other scientists working with him...
"And that in Karasuma he began to get impatient
"And began to murder the scientists
"As an example to the others of what could happen to them if they didn't hurry."
He also told us that even if he found the treasure he would not get out of there alive.
Did you explain to the police what was going on?
No...
I discovered that the letter was written 20 years later.
Then he was already dead,
and the mansion was under someone else's custody.
But it all started when I talked to the oogamy 2 years ago.
"He found this mansion right away.
"And he started searching for the treasure like a madman."
"But despite everything, he couldn't decipher the secret message."
"He bought this place and got himself into huge debt."
So he said the following:
(At the same time) We'll get the top detectives together and find out.
"The best bait to make sure they come is Kid the Thief!"
"We'll get him to appear as host.
"And we'll arrange a game where everyone risks their lives!"
"You and I will make it look like we've been killed mid-game."
"This. And if we murder the maid?"
"When they see that they risk losing their lives...
"They'll have no choice but to get serious!"
"Foist the deaths on Kid the Thief."
So, the one who chose the maid was....
Mr. Oogamy.
He was very pleased
because he had come up with a method for killing her
for a vice he himself had.
He should not have imagined that he would be killed in the same way.
Yes, he died of poisoning...
because I realized something of which he was unconscious.
"He expected to murder the maid once we had finished dinner."
But why did he murder Mr. Oogamy?
Because I realized that he had found out where the treasure was
and that he planned to murder everyone, including me.
He wanted to make it look as if we had killed one another
with the guns he had hidden.
"I had no choice but to stop that man.
"who had become obsessed with Karasuma's story"
and have the detectives continue to decipher the message.
The same thing happened as 40 years ago.
The message has not been deciphered and the tragedy has been repeated.
No.
Your father seems to have deciphered it.
Don't you think it's strange that there's a clock in the whole village,
and that it's here?
Yes, the sentence at the beginning,
"The night the two travelers looked up at the sky,"
refers to the moment when the big handle and the small one...
point in the same direction: 12 o'clock.
We will set the hands at 12 o'clock.
The key to solve the rest of his father's message,
he left it written in blood: "the last triumph."
It refers to the American fight.
The king, the queen and the knight of the message
are the king, the queen and the jack of the fight.
The treasure is the diamonds;
the chalice, the hearts;
and the sword is the sinks.
That is, the king's treasure is the king of diamonds.
The queen's chalice, the queen of hearts.
The sword, the jack of spades!
The hands of the clock are set at 12 o'clock and the hands are moved
according to the direction in which the face of the figures is facing.
13 left..., 12 left..., 11 right, and then....
(clatter)
The enamel has jumped and you can see that it is gold!
Besides, this weight...
Of course, this watch is solid gold!
What a disgrace.
And my father lost his life for this insignificant thing?

I guess that's just the way life is...
Keep your promise, Mrs. SenM.
Tell me how I can leave this house, please!
There has been no way to leave.
I was planning to end my days in this house.
And in fact, I have sneaked it to the oogamia after dinner,
and he believed me.
Ujo, I thought so..., Grandma SenM.
(Kogoro) Who will clean my favorite dress?
I've already said it: these children's games don't make any sense.
Oh, is that so?
If you have any complaints, you tell this boy, pretty boy.
He's supposed to tell you the way out because he's a child.
Did you pretend to be dead just because I told you how you could leave?
Yes, because you were looking to kill those who desxifràvem the message.
We have assumed that even if t'acorraléssim you would not tell us.
Besides, tomato juice is like blood.
But in the end... we have done well, leaving asleep Ran and the Aki.
This act of bad taste would have been too hard on the hearts of the young women.
Since when did you know that I was the murderer?
Since the moment you stretched out your hand to take a 10-yen coin.
It occurred to me that you didn't want any other coin than that one.
If someone with a cyanide-impregnated hand touched it,
there would be an anti-oxidation reaction and it would have revealed the set-up!
That is why we have seen that you are the murderer.
I discovered the set-up
after I noticed Mr. Oogamia's thumbnail.
You see, my dear, we've been on to you almost...
since the beginning of this show.
(Think) "Coi de brat."
But the problem is how we're going to get out of here.
- (helicopters) -What's that noise?
It must be the police helicopters that I have warned.
Did you call them?
Grandma must have called them
when she received the message that I stuck to Watson's paw.
She was waiting for me in the car, under the cliff.
I'm glad I marked the roof.
Why didn't you tell us?
(Mogi) And you made us put on a monkey show?
(Mogi) "You don't just feel the helicopters."
"You can also feel something sinking. No, it can't be!"
So, in Kid the Thief hasn't appeared.
(Ikumi) Did you want him to appear? No, actually no.
Senmut, the idea of psychologically cornering everyone...
was an oogamy thing, wasn't it?
Why did you make it look like you were dead, after you murdered him?
I wanted to desxifréssiu the coded message left by my father.
I thought I would never have...
the opportunity to have so many great detectives at my disposal once.
Maybe it was me,
who was totally obsessed with Reny Karasuma.
-But... SenM! -What the hell...?!
Kogoro, Kogoro! Father!
Eh?!
At Kid the Thief?!
Hey, Grandma, you're old enough to be in a hurry to kill yourself, aren't you?
Don't be ridiculous, young man, I wanted to save you.
What?
To apologize for having held this dinner using your name.
If I hadn't done this, you wouldn't have been able to run away from that group.
Especially from that boy pointing a strange watch at you.
He-he.
Gee, did he spot me?
Tobacco.
In Kogoro Mouri is a heavy smoker,
and you haven't smoked a cigarette since you arrived.
What are they, for you?
They're great detectives... that I don't want to meet again.
But you're out of luck, kid.
You came here to go after Karasuma's treasure, didn't you?
Yes, at first that's what I wanted, but I gave up.
Because I couldn't fit into the piece of clothing I wear!
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Mogi) The walls have fallen down and inside it was all gold!
The clock was the switch that threw the walls to the ground.
Very appropriate for the residence in Karasuma.
Ten worth billions.
(Think) "Now I get it."
"Twilight is the time when the sky glows with golden hues."
"This is quite a twilight mansion!"
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

