Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with an unusual pace.
We raise the curtain for the great Conan episode of the 21st century!
He has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE DETECTIVES REUNITED.
IN Shin'ichi Kudō AGAINST IN KID THE THIEF, (PART 3)
(Thinks) "On Kid the thief."
"He's an honest guy."
"Since his name has come to the fore.
"He's made it clear he was here."
"I've noticed his pervasive and ruthless presence."
"No doubt, he is here, in this mansion."
"I don't know what he's up to,
"But will he still be able to fool the seven detectives who are gathered here?"
So, you say the person who invited us is Kid The Thief?
Yes, it seems that he has gathered the 6 detectives
the most reputable detectives there are at the moment
to compare their intelligence with ours.
He puts at stake the things he has stolen and our lives.
Ten watch everything we do from somewhere,
because I found surveillance cameras scattered around the mansion.
What?
(Knock-knock)
(at the same time) eeh?!
I'll bring them the appetizer.
Looks like our last dinner has finally arrived.
Aki, please.
Yes, please.
Did your owner leave you instructions
as to what order to serve the dishes on the table?
Yes.
To start with Mr. Hakuba and serve to his right.
What a thing...
I'm worried about him calling it "the last supper."
even though the game has just begun.
Ha-ha-ha!
I assure you that there is no poison in the food!
Because I prepared it all myself.
But spoons, forks, knives....,
all the cutlery, the wine glasses and the tea cups,
have all been put on the table beforehand, and we have sat down...
according to the name of the plates.
Well, I don't think it would occur to him to commit murder,
but... maybe he's planned some kind of practical joke
to test our capacity.
The smartest thing to do would be to start eating
after cleaning the cutlery and other utensils.
No doubt about it.
I don't like everything going the way he has planned it.
Why don't we switch places by doing "rock, paper, scissors"?
But if we were unlucky and ended up poisoned....
If it happens, life will be over here and you'll be crying in your coffin.
Oh, no...
Ha-ha-ha... It was great!
Wow, I can tell you're the gourmet detective!
You're also very good in the kitchen!
I've practiced hard
to be able to satisfy a palate as demanding as mine.
We've let our imaginations run wild...
No, we still can't be sure of anything.
(Distorted voice) Do you like it, the last dinner I prepared for you?
Well, there it is again.
(Voice) Well, let's start talking a little.
Let me explain to you why I have chosen this mansion
which I had a hard time getting to be the setting for this game.
First of all, let's look carefully at the face of the board in front of you.
A bird?
There is a drawing of a sinister bird with a long beak.
-Isn't it a crow, this beast?
-Then it is probably....
(Voice) Have you noticed?
You're referring to the millionaire
who died a mysterious death half a century ago.
It is the symbol of in disputed Karasuma.
In... Karasuma?!
And not only the face of the board,
but also the doors, the floor, the railings.
From the chess pieces to the set of cards, he had them made
he had them made especially for him.
So this is a villa he built in Karasuma.
No, it was a villa.
Because 40 years ago, on that stormy night,
a tragedy happened at the mansion that would make anyone's blood run cold.
As famous detectives that you are,
from the moment you set foot in this mansion.

you have already noticed how many blood stains are splattered and dripping all over the house.
splattered and dripping all over the house.
Yes, it all happened one night 40 years ago,
when this place still retained its beauty.
"Some kind of a meeting was held.
"Where everything was invited from important people in the world of finance."
"It was said: 'Meeting in remembrance of the late Karasuma,
"who had died at the age of 99."
"But, in fact, the real reason for the meeting was to hold an auction
"Of works of art that Karasuma had collected throughout life."
"There were more than 300 objects,
"And they were scheduled to be auctioned off over three days."
"And then, on the second day, they had a stormy night."
"Two men soaked from head to toe knocked on the door of this house."
"Their lips were trembling with cold, and they spoke thus:
" 'We have been lost in the storm."
" 'Let us stay until the weather clears up a little."
"At first, the host didn't know if it was a good idea to let them in."
"But they gave a small package.
"And they told him they were giving it to him in exchange for the favor."
"Inside the packet was some kind of tobacco."
"The host smoked it just as the two men told him to,
"And he grew happier and happier, and invited them in."
The other guests, who had seen it, also smoked it,
and the whole mansion ended up full of smoke.
Don't tell me... that it was...
(Think) "Marijuana."
For a while, the guests were euphoric....
fussing about with all sorts of nonsense,
but things soon changed.
"One man started screaming like he'd seen the devil,
"He embraced the object he had bid on at the auction...
"And he started to run."
"A woman screamed
"And cried until she had no tears left."
"Another man repeatedly stabbed himself in the arm with a feather."
"The guests, finally,
"began to steal each other's works of art,
"They killed each other with master craftsmen's Japanese sabers
"And jewel-set swords that were at the auction."
And the auction hall became a picture of hell.
The day after the dreadful nightmare night,
the two men disappeared with the works of art,
leaving 8 people dead and 10 people in comas in their wake.
How is it that such a serious crime did not become more widely known?
Probably because among them was...
there was a powerful person from the financial world
or a family member...
Another hypothesis.
If the state was so confused that it was not known who had killed whom...
...the people involved must have concluded that it was better to keep it secret...
that it was better to keep it secret
for the possibility of making a mistake in trying to solve it.
It also went just as those men had planned.
That's all there is to it.
I think it's a good story, especially to whet your appetite.....
(Voice) Well, now do you understand?
Do you understand why I have chosen this house as a stage?
Because I want all of you, a few detectives,
to re-enact that tragedy that happened 40 years ago.
That dreadful scene
with people stealing treasure and killing each other.
What nonsense.
It's cruel to make you grope around this huge village,
so now I'll give you a clue.
A clue?
"The night the two travelers looked up at the sky,
"A demon descended on the castle."
"The king embraces his treasure and flees in bewilderment."
"The queen collects her tears in the chalice all begging for forgiveness."
"The knight dyes his sword with his own blood."
This must be...
Don't you think these phrases are very appropriate
for the competition of intelligence that is now beginning
and which will endanger your lives?
Don't be ridiculous!
In order to kill each other, it would be necessary for someone to want to kill us.
And no one has such an intention.
Naturally, it is impossible for you to stop playing this game.
So that all of you have fallen under the spell I have cast on you.
Soon, when one of you begins to call,
the competition will have begun.
Do you understand?
The person who finds the treasure,
must enter the location into the computer on the fourth floor,
the center of the tower.

As promised, I will give you half of the treasure...
and I'll tell you how to get it out of here.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
M-Mr. Mogi...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Mr. Mogi, are you all right?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Nothing, just kidding...
Gee, what a stupid man.
Excuse me, excuse me.
I'm sorry, but I'm leaving.
I'm not interested in treasure hunting...
But how will you do it, to leave?
Don't worry, girl.
We're not on a lost island in the middle of the sea.
If I start walking in some direction, I'll make it.
Goodbye, detective friends!
(Man: drowning)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
(Mogi) Hey, buddy, they won't buy that again.
22 hours, 34 minutes, 51 seconds.
Respiratory arrest confirmed.
Judging by the circumstances, resuscitation is impossible.
Is it death?
No cyanosis is observed,
which makes the lips take on a purplish hue.
Moreover, this almond odor is characteristic of potassium cyanide.
This means that the cyanide was the tea.
There is no anti-oxidation reaction.
It seems clear that the cause was not the tea.
So how the hell did it happen?
Well, we've already rolled the dice.
Go find the treasure with all your might.
out of respect for the oogamy detective
who has died to kick off...
Stop talking nonsense!
(Voice)... who risk their lives while they are still alive.
A cassette tape...
(SenM) It looks like it also carries a timer.
(Mogi) A timer?
Aki, it had also determined the time you had to bring the food?
Yes.
The appetizers, soup, main course and dessert?
This means that the killer didn't talk while watching us.
He had only played the cassette with his voice.
Now we know two things.
Mm?
That the killer wanted to kill Mr. Oogamia from the beginning,
and the second thing: that it is possible that the murderer is one of us.
That there is a murderer among us?!
Of course, if one of us had already prepared the recording beforehand,
he could make it look like he was listening to it with us while we were at the table, right?
Hum.
Well, now that you mention it...
And he sat next to Mr. Oogamia without us noticing,
made her drink the cyanide
and poisoned her without us noticing.
Yes, and in front of us, who are 5 detectives.
Moreover, judging by the content of this tape,
it seems that the person who was talking
also knew what time the victim would die.
The problem is that the tea he was drinking
didn't give any indication that it contained cyanide.
So, the poison could be in the cup, and not the tea.
This is not at all likely.
He has drunk from the cup 2 or 3 times.
But you were all saying that the perpetrator of all this is in Kid the Thief, right?
I understand he's no murderer or anything like that.
Yes.
As far as I know, this would be his first murder case.
Talking in circles won't get us anywhere.
Shouldn't we go look around?
We should check if he really blew up the cars.
I agree with you.
It's possible there's a car that escaped the explosion.
Yes, the explosion we felt could have been a bluff.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaah!
My llogueeeeer car!
Well, you can take my Ferrari to be scrapped.
(Mogi) My Alfa too.
The Porsche of the oogamy has also made a fart.
So, this Mercedes was you?
No.
It was my grandmother, who drove me here.
That's strange.
It was Mr. Mouri, who accompanied me.
Then, whose is this Mercedes?
(Aki) Eh... I think it's the owner's car.
When I arrived today, it was already parked in this very spot.
Then, besides us there is another person to the mansion.
So, my car must have burned on the other side too.
On the other side?
You don't have your car parked here?
No, because the owner told me to park it in the back.
How do I know, in the back?!
Through the inner garden.
Go to the back door and go to the back on the left!
Oh... Nothing has happened to it!
Don't you find anything strange about this car?

(Kogoro) I guess he forgot to blow it up.
Then, we can check whether you have collapsed the bridge or not.
-I'll come with you.
(Kogoro) -So will I.
And I'll...
Wait a minute, a ship with too many passengers sinks.
That's true.
We won't end up as the phantom thief, but as the phantom ship.
Why don't we choose who will accompany him by flipping a coin?
I just happen to have five coins on me.
Caram, my boy, you're a very clever boy!
That's a pretty primitive way of deciding.
I guess we have no choice.
So, we toss, boys, and whoever's got a face...
...will take the car to the bridge to check it out.
(Coins: jingle)
I'll go with Mr. Mouri and Mr. Mogi, okay?
Father, be careful.
(Thinking) "Lo...!"
"It can't be... It can't be!"
Au..., let's wait inside.
Come on, let's go in!
Ah..., yes.
(Kogoro) Oysters, oysters!
That's right...
He's knocked down the bridge, there's nothing left.
Hey, Mrs. SenM!
Can you give us some more light?
I want to see that we have feet.
Okay, let's see, let's see.
Let's see, the light knob, the light knob...
Will the killer make another move?
Yes.
I don't think this story ends here.
(explosion)
(explosion) - Huh?! - Oooh!
It's... Mrs. SenM!
(Kogoro) Mrs. Senmaaaaaaaaa!
Ii koto Bakari no
look ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

