Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart and great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
A pretty woman and a strange request will be the entrance to the case.
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE CASE OF THE LYING CUSTOMER, (PART ONE)
Ah... So you're looking for a person?
(Woman) "Yes. There is a person I need to see."
Uh... I'm sorry, but I'm quite busy right now.
Please, couldn't you do anything to help me?
I'm already on your agency's side.
-Let me tell you about it .-"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
(TV: man) "The Lightning Boy! Lightning Boy has won! He has!"
(TV: man) "He won the last race..."
Shit!
I lost again!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
- "Excuse me... Mr. Mouri?" - I already told you: I can't now!
Grrrr!
Eeh?
No, sorry, I guess I can receive you because you explain it to me.
Yes, I'll be waiting for you.
Do your job properly, father!
Did you hear me?
Yes, yes, all right.
Kogoro, what was she like, the person who called you?
It must have been a middle-aged woman.
She'll be here soon.
I'm sure she says:
(effeminate voice) "I beg you with all my heart to find my first love."
I can see it coming, that.
Au, father. (Door: knock)
Come in, come in.
(Door: knock) Come in, come in.
Ooooooooooooh!
My name is Ikenami, I am the person who just called you.
Please excuse me for introducing myself this way.
An acquaintance told me that you are the only hope I have of finding the person I am looking for.
of finding the person I am looking for.
Please, I beg you to help me.
Well, in any case, come in, madam.
(Thinking) "What a beautiful woman!"
(Coughs) Ah, excuse me.
Eh?
But may I know where he has gone, the father?
Eeeeh ?!
Good morning to you.
Sorry to keep you waiting..., mademoiselle.
It's just that I was looking for documentation
of a very, very complicated double murder case.
-Oh, yes... Come, relax on the sofa.
See the frightened beating of your heart
before you start telling me your story.
Ran!
Bring something to drink!
Yes...
(Thinking) "It's starting again..."
Wow!
So you're looking for a high school classmate.
Yes, we both went to the same kendo club.
You didn't find his address in the course graduation listings?
It's just that he moved house before graduation and didn't go out.
And... what was he like... this man?
Look, I've brought you a photograph from those days...
He's the one in the middle with the cup in his hands.
His name is Shirou Shibata.
(Kogoro) Caram, the girl next to you is you?
I'm ashamed to admit it, but yes, it's me.
This photo is over 30 years old, Mr. Kogoro.
More than 30 years old?
Don't tell me he's over 40?!
Yes, this year he will be 42.
But I was still a sophomore in high school when I took the picture.
I guess he must be taller now, though....
Can you tell me what his hobbies are?
Well, it's just that... he didn't have any special hobbies.
-No, I'm talking about you. -Huh?
Well, I like to knit stockings...
make wool sweaters... and things of this kind.
Oh, that's fantastic!
You have a wonderful hobby!
You like the same things as your mother.
Oh, is that so?
I'd say you must be an excellent cook.
Don't think so, I'm not.
Look, yesterday I cut myself three times with the kitchen knife.
It's not so bad, either, woman.
People who have a defect are more attractive...
Yes, yes..., just like the mother!
Ah, but in my case they are all, of defects, you know?
That's why I'm still single, even though I'm as old as I am.
What?
You are single?
Yes...
I can't believe it, I can't believe it!
The men around you must be blind,
not to have noticed you.

Yes, she is wonderful.
Like the mother: I don't understand how one I know doesn't even pay attention to her.
Hey, you...
(Ikenami: coughs)
Oh, excuse me.
(Coughs)
What's wrong with her?
Are you cold?
Uh, no, it's just that I have delicate bronchial tubes since I was born...
and I'm allergic to dust.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's just that before you arrived we were doing Saturday.
Would you rather we went somewhere else?
I'm really sorry...
(Kogoro) Eh?
A photo?
He says he's looking because he wants a photo back?
Is that why he wants to find it?
Yes.
It's a photo from a tournament I won...
in the summer of junior year of high school.
We only took one picture.
The other day, my grandmother mistakenly threw away...
the plaque we received at that tournament.
I thought I'd at least like to have the picture.
But how come he has the picture and you don't?
I used it as a bookmark
and it was inside a book that he had left me,
but I didn't take it out when he gave it back to me.
So, Mr. Shibata was your first love?
Eh?
No... Well, then...
What else?
Besides that, do you have any other clues about him?
Yes, I do.
Mr. Mouri, what would you like to order?
Look, I'll have a coffee. Jo, an iced tea with lemon.
Uh, I'll have a... Reiko...
Reiko?
Who is it, that person?
Ah, nobody... In Shibata I usually say this way.
In the novel he left me, a character was called Reiko,
and he always said that I was very much like him.
Conan, what will you have, then?
A long coffee with lots of ice!
Me, the same, please.
Well, I'll take it to him now.
(Kogoro) There's not much, really.
The only clues are the name, his age...
and this photo that was taken 30 years ago.
It's not much...
Well, what do you say we ask that smart guy for help?
Eh?
Who is he, that kid?
People are talking about him to the four winds.
I understand that that young detective, Shinichi Kudo,
comes by your detective agency quite often.
What do you mean?
Shinichi Kudo?
Isn't that right, my boy?
Eh?
Oh no, we don't even see him by chance.
Sometimes, he makes some stupid phone calls to me, but that's it.
(Thinking) "Sorry for the stupid calls."
"But it's a problem."
"If this rumor spreads I'm ready."
"If I do anything stupid, they'll hear about it too."
"For a while, I'll have to keep any deductions I make to myself."
Hey, Conan, what do you think about all this?
What? You were going to say something, weren't you?
What do you want to get out of it, asking a kid?
Conan always finds out interesting things!
It was nothing.
The only thing I was thinking is that... if this kid has the cup in his hands,
he must have come first in the tournament, that's obvious.
If he was so strong and so good as a sophomore in high school,
it's possible that he's also participating in some senior tournament now.
Ha-ha-ha... But it's just a possibility.
(laughs)
What?
He does participate?!
Mr. Shiro Shibata,
from the amateur category of the Shizuoka Tournament?!
Yes!
Very good!
Don't tell me you found him?
Yes!
He's always been in the top rankings of amateur categories!
He works as a physical education teacher at a high school in Shizuoka.
Now he lives in an apartment with his wife.
I'm going to rent a car and we'll get going.
It's a good thing I found him, isn't it? Yes, so, so, so....
(Thinking) "You found him. You've found the person you were looking for."
"But what I'm not happy about...
"Is that this woman tells nothing but lies."
"What on earth should she be up to?"
"Maybe she's hiding her true identity?"
"Hey, wait a minute!
"Don't tell me that..."
"Don't tell me this woman... this woman is..."
Ah!
Thank you.
It's all thanks to you, kid.
(ringing: nobody-nong, nobody-nong)
(Ning-nong)
They don't seem to be here.
I'm sure they're out for a walk.
Besides, today is Sunday.
What do you say: let's go for a walk and come back here for a while?
Hey, wait!
Are you here to see Mr. Shirou Shibata, by any chance?
As a matter of fact... yes.
Then do what you came to do,

because we were going to play a game of mahjong at home.
-Ah, it seems that there is no ES. -Com, who is not here?
That's impossible, he must be taking a nap.
You see? yes, he is.
(TV: woman) "This program has been sponsored by the companies..."
You feel the TV.
She has fallen asleep watching TV and hasn't even locked the house.
Hey, Shibata!
We'll start the game soon!
Hey, hey, I'd say he's still eating.
Eh?
Look, the mass soup is already cold.
And this rice is dry.
It's not breakfast, is it?
Too bad, the goby looked good.
The... goby? Ah, yes, I mean the fish.
I'm home.
Dear?
Listen, may I know who you are?
How dare you break into someone's house like this?!
I'll call the police!
No, wait... We-we are...
(Neighbor) Hey, Shibata!
What's wrong with you?!
You have to resist!
(Shibata) Come on!
Shibata!
Shibata!
Shibata.
Come on, come on!
Don't die!
Shibata!
(Kogoro) Hang in there, Shibata!
(Thinking) "Take something with your right hand?! What is it?!"
"This is...!"
The facts are as follows:
you 3, accompanied by Miss Shizuka,
have come to visit Mr. Shibata,
You called several times but no one answered.
At that moment Mr. Yoshikawa came,
who had made an appointment with Mr. Shirou,
and seeing that it wasn't locked..,
they all entered the apartment.
Afterwards, Mrs. Kyoko, Shirou Shibata's wife, returned home and rebuked Mr. Shirou Shibata,
returned home and rebuked Mr. Mouri and his companions.
Then, they heard the screams of Mr. Yoshikawa,
and when they went to the living room...
they found Mr. Shibata with his head full of blood.
-Did it happen like this? -Yes, Inspector.
The approximate time of death
is between 5:00 and 9:00 this morning, Inspector Yokomizo.
Mrs. Shibata, where was it, in this time interval?
Yesterday I met a friend to go golfing.
and she came to pick me up at 5:00 this morning.
"I had prepared breakfast for my husband.
"And I left at about 5 o'clock."
Mr. Shirou was at home at that time?
Yes.
He came back at 3 a.m. and slept like a log.
-He came back at 3:00 a.m.? -Uh, yes...
For mahjong.
We were playing for a while at my house, on the fourth floor.
As you said, we made it look like it was 3 o'clock.
On the table was today's newspaper.
Can you tell me approximately what time they took it away?
Yes.
Around 6 o'clock in the morning.
They put it in the mailbox by the door.
I see what you mean.
That is, when Mr. Shibata... got up,
"He went to get the newspaper
"And while he was having breakfast, someone came to see him and murdered him."
I guess it went like this.
And how can you know that she was murdered while she was having breakfast?
Because the food on the table had been half eaten,
it had cooled and it was hard.
But who could have done it?
Who killed her?
Well, we don't know yet.
Mr. Mouri, when you came in...
did you notice anything strange that caught your attention?
Eh... Nothing, except that the TV in the kitchen was on.
What?!
It was on?!
When we arrived it was off!
As it was too loud I turned it off.
We can deduce that, surely,
Mr. Shibata was watching TV while having breakfast.
Possibly, the one he was watching is "The Legend of the Heroic Sword",
a samurai series they do every day at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Eh?
My husband taped it, and on the weekend he watched it.
Caram.
He actually had a lot of it.
Go check out the video from the kitchen!
Yes, sir!
Inspector, have you noticed?
The laser-disc player is gone.
It has a lot of movies and reports recorded on laser-disc.
And instead, you see, this shelf is completely empty!
And even more curious: there is only one speaker.
Now that you mention it, it's true?
Surely you must have taken it to be repaired.
Is that so, madam?
No, in fact, my husband...
This is of no importance!
Finish it, finish it at once and let me go back to my house!
Well, I want to verify your alibi.
Can I have your friend's phone number, please?

Yes.
And he would also like the phone number of his mahjong playing partner.
Yes.
(Yokomizo) You went to pick up Mrs. Shibata around 5 o'clock?
So, you confirm?
Yes.
On the radio you could hear the 5 o'clock time signal.
(Yokomizo) In the evening he accompanied her here shortly after 7 o'clock.
At 7 o'clock is the time we were here.
We have also confirmed this with the owner of the newsstand,
and he says he delivered the newspapers at 6 o'clock in the morning!
If we take into account that he was recording the samurai program,
the approximate time of the crime is...
probably between 8 a.m. and three quarters of an hour later.
So, it is impossible for his wife to have committed the crime.
Yes.
But, who are crazy!?
Tell me something, Mr. Yoshikawa.
I find the way you have acted very suspicious.
-What's your alibi? -Well... I was sleeping at home.
Is there anyone who can prove it?
Well, no, because I live alone.
Ah.
I left a message on your answering machine that said:
"Wake up, lazybones, I'll come and get you right away."
A person who is going to murder another person would not complicate things.
And he didn't do it precisely to have this excuse?
Hey, wait a minute!
You suspect me?!
And what do you have to say about these people?
As you know them you won't do anything?!
Ha-ha-ha!
This man would be incapable of committing a murder, I assure you.
Because it is in Kogoro Mouri, a detective that I deeply respect.
Thank you very much!
-That-that famous...? - Eh?
-The Sleeping Kogoro?! -The Sleeping Kogoro?! - (Yokomizo) Yes.
And with him is his pretty daughter Ran, Conan, who is in his care,
and this very attractive woman is Mrs. Mouri!
(Yokomizo) - Isn't she, Mr. Mouri?
-Do you really think so?
You're wrong.
My name is Shizuka Ikenami
and I've gone to see Mr. Mouri to look for a friend in Shibata,
a friend from when I was in school.
I hired his services to retrieve a photograph
I gave him by mistake 30 years ago.
A photograph?
Probably, it's the photograph in this man's hand.
-Huh?
-Huh?
Come here, come here!
I've seen it.
It's Miss Shizuka.
No, she can't be.
Oh, this is...!
Don't tell me this is...!
Yes, it's this picture!
It's the picture I was looking for.
What is it?
How come Mr. Shibata had the photograph in his right hand?
(Flow) Mr. Mouri, don't you think...?
Don't you think that the photograph might be a message from Mr. Shiro
from the gates of death?
No.
A woman as pretty as Shizuka can't...
can't be involved.
Besides, the photograph was inside a book!
It's strange that it was on the floor so they could kill him.
Hey, take a good look at it.
There is something hidden under the belly of the man who is dead!
(Yokomizo) What-what is this?!
A novel!
It's called "The Gate of the Thunder God"!
Don't tell me it's the novel you told me about.
Yes, the same one.
It's the book Shiro left me 30 years ago,
the one from which I forgot to take the photograph.
So, the murderer is...
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute!
Don't you find it too opportune?
Don't you think it's a coincidence, that the photograph and the novel are on the floor?
Now that you mention it... you received a strange call.
A strange call?
Well, Mr. Shibata told me to look at the program...
because it was quite interesting
and while I was preparing a tape of the samurai series,
the phone rang.
Isn't that right, ma'am?
Yes.
The person who answered asked him for something.
He reached for a book, picked it up from the shelf...
and turned pages laughing and saying: "Yes, yes it is!"
Laughing?
And then, do you know where he put the book?
I swear... he put it...
on top of this pile of books that's stacked up in front of... Oh!
The stack is on the floor!
Inspector Yokomizo!
We found bloodstains in the foyer!
Looks like the real crime scene is this hallway, Inspector.
Excuse me, Mr. Policeman!
Can you let me see this book, please?
No way!
It's very important evidence!
Besides, it's a ninja book with lots of kanji.
I'm sure you don't know how to read it.

Senyor, you have read it, haven't you?
Yes, but a long time ago.
In this book, was there a character named Reiko?
Ha-ha-ha!
No, there was no character named Reiko!
(Thinks) "Again. There's another one."
"She lied again."
"But what the hell does this mean?"
"What's the point, all these lies?"
Madam... Ikenami, would you please come with me to the station?
I won't do it!
(Thinking) "The murderer is..."
"She has come! She has come before we arrived!"
Don't tell me that this is the remains of....
(Kogoro voice) It's about time you told us why the lies.
And the next Conan:
"The case of the lying client (part two)".
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

