Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
Today we unveil the case and the lies!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "A very pretty client appeared in Kogoro's office."
"Her name was Shizuka Ikenami."
"Her request was for us to look for a person.
"A high school classmate who went to the same kendo club as she did.
"and whose name was Shirou Shibata."
"We found this person,
"who was a physical education teacher in Shizuoka."
"We immediately went to his apartment to go check it out,
"But what we found...
"was that Mr. Shibata had been murdered."
"I had in my hand the photograph of Shizuka Ikenami 30 years ago."
"What didn't weigh me down was that the client kept telling lies."
"Nothing but falsehoods came out of her mouth."
"What the hell would she want to hide?"
THE CASE OF THE LYING CLIENT, (PART TWO)
(Man) Inspector Yokomizo!
We found a wooden sword stained with blood!
-Really? -Yes!
It was at the emergency staircase, next to the front door!
Madam..., you had a wooden sword?
Eh... yes...
It was on top of that shoe cabinet.
My husband kept it there to chase the salesmen away.
And now it's not in its place.
Another thing: how many telephones do you have at home?
Now we only have the one in the bedroom and the one in the living room.
We used to have one in the hall, but not anymore.
Eh?
I get it.
It's all clear.
This means that the murderer...
is you, Mrs. Ikenami!
Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute, Yokomizo.
I called you beforehand
to make sure you had the photograph at home
and you came to see him to go look for it yourself.
But you got into an argument because of the photograph
and in an impulse you attacked him with the wooden sword.
"He thought that Mr. Shirou Shibata had died.
"And fled up the emergency staircase."
"But at that moment, Mr. Shirou was still alive."
"He pulled himself together
"And crawled down the hallway to the living room.
"to call for help on the phone, but his body didn't respond."
"Then he saw the book where his photograph was,
"He spent his last strength and threw the books to the ground."
"And she died with the photo in her hand, to show us that she is the murderer."
But all this, just because of a photo?
The photo must have held some kind of secret.
That's why she came to you again, Mouri.
To get it back!
Mrs... Ikenami, will you please come with me to the police station?
I won't.
If you want to question me,
would you mind doing it
when you've gotten a warrant from the judge, Inspector?
In this situation you lack the documents with credible evidence,
to show what your suspicions against me are based on.
So I don't think I can get an arrest warrant out of him.
But the story would be very different
if Ms. Shibata should happen to press charges
for violating private property.
(Thinks) "What the fuck.... Who the fuck is she, this woman?"
Wow, look at her left hand!
There's blood all over it!
She must have touched her head wound.
But it's strange, there's no blood on the band-aids on her fingers.
"Now that you mention it, this woman's left hand is also..."
"Wait! If it were so, on the right hand...!"
Quiet, kid!
"Sure, now I get it."
Conan!
You don't know how to be still!
(Thinking) "Yes, the murderer has..."
"She has come! She has come before we arrived!"
"She has stepped on the bloody scene of this murder!"

(Yokomizo) But, Mrs. Ikenami...
Mr. Shibata has died shaking his photo with his hands.
I have to at least ask you
what kind of relationship there was between Mr. Shibata and you
and what happened for you to have the photograph.
This, I already explained to Mr. Mouri.
Then come with us to the police station and tell us about it too!
Then we'll do something.
Mr. Mouri will act as my lawyer and will advise me.
If he thinks it's best that I go to the police station
because I'm being interrogated as a suspect,
then I'll go without opposing it.
Hey, man, I...
Mr. Mouri, what do you think?
I-I guess I should let them interrogate you...
But... but it's not that necessary either, really.
Mr. Mouri!
Uh, I...
-Mr. Mouri!
- (call) Mr. Mouri!
Oooooh...
Oh, here we go again...
M-Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) Mrs. Ikenami, under the circumstances,
you have no choice but to agree to be questioned.
Oh... Don't you?
But not as a suspect,
but as testimony that will help prove... the truth of this case,
which I will solve this very moment.
So, you mean she's not the murderer?
No.
If she had been the murderer
and she would have come back with me to retrieve the photograph,
"Seeing that no one answered when we rang the doorbell,
"I would have come in with the excuse that the door was unlocked."
If she had been here before
and had killed Mr. Shibata at once....,
"I would have known without a doubt that the door wasn't locked!"
Her only chance to retrieve the photo would have been
the time between the discovery of the body and the arrival of the police.
You were the only person who knew the door was open then.
Did you do it, Mr. Yoshikawa?
Come to think of it,
you were the first person to find the body.
You probably went back to the scene of the crime
to get rid of something you didn't want the police to find!
Come on, what do you say, man?
(Kogoro voice) No, Mr. Yoshikawa is not the murderer either.
What?
Besides, for Mr. Yoshikawa it would have been too dangerous to risk it,
since he doesn't have a clear alibi at all.
By the time the murder took place,
if there was anything he wanted to take from the scene,
he would have done it a long time ago.
And what he wouldn't do would be to take it half a day after the crime.
Why should he do that, if it would make him look bad?
He would have known that if he called the neighbor's house, he would find nothing but a dead body,
he would find nothing but a dead body.
"Besides, he had taken the trouble to stop us.....
"Just as we were about to leave through the front door."
If I were the killer, I would have waited for the visitors to leave...
and only then would I have sneaked into the house.
So, by elimination, the murderer is....
Yes..., the person who apparently has the strongest alibi.
Mrs. Kyoko Shibata, you are the murderer!
What?
Mrs. Shibata is the murderer?!
M-Madam, it can't be...
But listen for a moment, Mr. Mouri...
Mrs. Shibata told us
that after preparing breakfast she went out...
"Around 5 o'clock in the morning."
"And you found the diary on the table."
"What's more, she returned shortly after 7:00 p.m."
"Precisely the time you arrived at the apartment."
How could she keep the 6:00 a.m. diary?
when it turns out that she came back after you?
It is true that we arrived shortly after 7:00 p.m.
Don't you find that a very convenient way of specifying the time?
Whether it's 5 past 7 or 10 past 7, it's 7 o'clock.
In other words,
Mrs. Shibata could have returned shortly before we did.
W-wait a minute!
So, what you're saying is that the breakfast on the table is....
Surely it's what she prepared for him at 3:00 a.m. for dinner
when he's come home.
But if you put a newspaper next to it, it will look exactly like breakfast.
So what about the video?
The samurai series airs at 8 a.m. and he's recorded it.
Ah, the video.

All that was necessary was for him to put a fairly long tape into the device
and programmed it to record until it ran out.
In other words, Mrs. Shibata acted as follows:
"First she told her husband to take a bath and relax.
"To pass the time."
"Then, before 5:00 a.m. she made him eat dinner."
"While her husband was eating, she called out to him from the hall...
"And gave him a very hard blow with the wooden sword!"
"Then she programmed the video device...
"He closed the door and left the house."
"She got into her friend's car, who came to pick her up at 5 o'clock."
"She came back shortly after 7 pm.
"She picked up the newspaper that was in the mailbox by the door,
"She put it next to the food..."
and by the time he called the police, he'd have an alibi.
Now I understand.
If she did it this way,
it looked like someone had murdered her husband at 8:00 in the morning.
And that's exactly what happened.
Yes.
But when Mrs. Shibata came back,
something unexpected happened.
Her husband, who was supposed to be killed in the middle of the foyer....
"He had crawled to the phone to call for help."
"Exactly."
"And while she was looking at the whole scene in surprise, the phone rang."
You mean my call, don't you?
Yes.
It was Mr. Yoshikawa's call saying:
"I'll come and get you right away."
"When Mrs. Shibata felt the message on the answering machine," she said,
"She had an idea."
Now that she had set the scene for breakfast,
instead of calling the police,
she had someone else find the body before she did,
so that when she returned later, she wouldn't be a suspect.
Where was Mrs. Shibata in the meantime?
She was probably hiding behind the door of the emergency staircase, waiting for Mr. Yoshiko Yoshiko Yoshiko Yoshiko to come.
waiting for Mr. Yoshikawa to come.
But, in the end, it was us who got there before him.
Very well, detective, but then what do you say about the photo?
How is it that in Shibata he pressed this woman's photograph?
This is a smokescreen that Mrs. Shibata has invented to distract everyone's attention.
to distract everyone's attention.
A smokescreen?
First, look at her husband's left hand.
The palm of the hand is full of blood,
and yet the band-aid on his ring finger is not stained.
It is true!
And then look at the right hand.
This is...!
This mark is...
Yes, when Mrs. Shibata came into the living room,
her husband was already clutching something.
The wedding ring that symbolized their union as husband and wife!
Then, Mrs. Shibata realized...
that he was not wearing the wedding ring where he always wore it,
the ring finger of his left hand,
"And she immediately realized that that was what he was pressing on with his right hand."
"He tried to open the hand, which was already in a state of rigidity,
"and took off the ring."
"But he could see that leaving the hand in that way would be unnatural."
"So he placed Mrs. Ikenami's photo on her hand."
Indeed.
Thus, nothing pointed to her as the culprit.
That's right.
Then he tried to put the ring back on her ring finger,
but he couldn't do it because the corpse had stiff fingers.
"That's why he put a band-aid around her finger:
"To hide any marks from the ring."
There is another one on the little finger,
otherwise it would be quite noticeable.
Inspector Yokomizo, under the bandage is a ring mark!
Okay, take a picture of the fingers!
And now look for the ring!
Turn the house upside down!
No, you won't need to do that.
Because Mrs. Shibata still has the ten on her.
I don't think she has hidden anywhere in the house a ring....
"That would react with luminol even if her blood was wiped off."
"He couldn't hide the emergency ladder either."
The safest thing to do was to get rid of it after the police came.
That's why I'm absolutely sure he still has it on him!
The message that he pressed when he took his last breath,
was that she had murdered her!
(Kyoko: cries)

I guess... bad things never turn out well.
But all the despicable things
my husband and Mr. Yoshikawa have done...
don't come out in the open.
They gambled by making bets!
They were every day playing and betting on mahjong!
"They were gambling exorbitant amounts,
"that would blow your mind!"
Because of this, I had to sell the computer, the jewelry,
the car, the laser-disc player and the speakers.
And all because of this damn game!
My husband told me...
that the next thing to sell would be my set of golf clubs,
and the sword my father gave him.
We'd better... talk at the police station.
Yes.
Let me change, first.
(Thinking) "A sword?!"
"Geez, no! It can't be!"
Don't come any closer!
I had no other way out!
This was the only way to stop it!
Madam, calm down, please!
(Cries) No, I'm not worth anything.
I have murdered a person...
(Crying) Ma'am!
Get out of the way!
What the fuck do you want?!
Don't come near me!
I told you not to come near me!
What the fuck do you want?
To kill someone else?
I'm asking you if you plan to kill someone else
after you've killed your husband.
Another...?
No, I just wanted to commit suicide.
Bleda!
Life is not something that is yours or mine!
You can't take this from anyone!
You murderers are all the same, real assholes!
And the same goes for your life!
Remember well!
Take this!
Can we go now?
Eh... Yes.
(Kogoro voice) Before that, one other thing.
Will you answer us once and for all?
Why have you lied to us 4 times, Mrs. Ikenami?
"If you have delicate bronchial tubes," I asked,
"I don't quite understand why you like to make socks out of wool."
"That you could tell the type of fish at a glance.
"It shows that you like to cook."
"And I'll say more: you're married....,
"But you hide the wedding ring mark on your ring finger!"
And the name Reiko...
None of the characters in this novel bore this name!
"So, why did you whispered the word 'Reiko' in the coffee shop?"
(Boy) He didn't say Reiko, he said Rey-Koo.
He was probably going to order an iced coffee, but he backed out.
Because naming the iced coffee "Rey-Koo."
Would have given away the fact that she comes from Osaka.
Nowadays, the only people who call her that?
are middle-aged ladies and grandmothers.
Isn't that right, ma'am?
Hattori, Kazuha!
(Thinking) "It can't be..."
Have you finished what you came to do?
Then go back to Osaka!
Hey, you!
Stop calling him "ma'am", you rude brat!
You offend Miss Shizuka!
It doesn't matter, whatever I say.
She's my mother.
What?!
What?! What?!
And a black lamb!
She doesn't have dark skin!
What a bad mouth you have!
The dark skin comes from my grandfather!
"This is too much."
It was very clear what the message said:
"The mermaid will kill me, please help me."
A... a mermaid?
Will it kill someone?
(Think) "This is...!?"
This crime could have been committed by either a man or a woman.
And what is clear is that the killer is somewhere on this island!
And the next Conan:
"And the mermaid disappeared! The murder!"
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

