Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
Today, in Heiji, the Kazuha, Ran and Conan together!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

AND THE MERMAID DISAPPEARED.
(THE MURDER)
Coi, candles me thanking you.
You appear as if you fell from the sky,
you tell me we have to go to Fukui to solve a case.
and we make a ridiculous trip.
What's in it for you?
Besides, I pay for everything, don't I?
And listen, where is it?
What is it, the island where we are going, exactly?
It's the island of Bikuña, it's very small.
The people who live in the area call it...
"The island where the mermaids live."
- (Kogoro) Did you say mermaids? - (Heiji) Yes.
There is a grandmother who has lived for many years
because she eats mermaid meat.
Three years ago, there was a lot of talk about a grandmother who seemed immortal.
(Heiji) That's right.
I have come to learn the secret of her eternal youth!
Of course, of course!
And you want to seduce Heiji with these secrets, right?
Xxxt!
Don't shout so much, he'll feel you!
(thinks) "What a pair."
Hey, hey, wait.
Now don't tell me that our client
wants us to find him one of these little mermaids.
Quite the opposite.
The letter of his order was only 3 lines long,
and the letters were shaky.
It read, "If you don't stop it, the mermaid will kill me. Help me!"
You mean the siren?
Will kill her?!
Hey.
Listen to me seriously.
(Shinichi's voice) You moron,
mermaids only exist in campfire stories.
I don't think they exist either, actually.
But I wondered who the letter was addressed to.
On the envelope was my name, but the letter's heading read:
"Dear Shinichi Kudo!"
Thank me!
I thought you might find something and wanted you to come.
Have you already contacted the client...
to check that everything is in order?
Yes.
Saori Kadowaki, the person who sent me the letter...,
wrote down her phone number on the letter.
When I called, no one answered,
except the first time, they picked up and hung up.
I felt something that stuck in my brain.
The murmur of the waves and the moans of a woman!
Now you're not going to tell me that... The siren has already...?
(Boat: whistling)
What?!
That the Saori Kadowaki has disappeared?!
Yes, she hasn't been at work for 3 days now.
3 days ago, that's when I received the letter.
Her neighbors say that maybe she went to the main island.
-Come on, sir, it's time! Yes, I'm coming!
Excuse me, I'm going to make preparations for the party.
What feast?
Today is the feast of the manatee, the one that is celebrated once a year.
If you want to know more details,
you can ask at the souvenir store, where Saori used to work.
Mermaid charms, mermaid straps for the mobile...
Oh!
And there are also manatee candies!
The island makes good use of mermaids.
Yes.
-But Heiji, what is it, a manatee? -A mammal that lives in the sea.
Some people think that the myth of the mermaid comes from this animal.
People believed that its flesh was a life-extending medicine.
Manatee arrows?
Yes, it is an amulet to stay young forever.
They are only given 3 times a year, at the manatee festival.
The Saori lost the one she received last year
and she had been very scared for a week.
She said that the mermaid was bad for her.
Mermaids don't exist, woman.
Yes, they do.
Oh, hello Naoko.
The high priestess ate mermaid's flesh
and received the gift of immortality.
Whoever has the manatee arrow with a hair of the priestess,
has her blessing and the dream of eternal life.
The Saori lost the arrow,
so no wonder she ran away for fear of the curse.

-Who is it? -It's Naoko, a friend of Saori.
Who is she, the high priestess?
She is the protagonist of the party, as well as the symbol of the island,
she is the great elder Shimabukuro!
Hey, does anyone really know how old this old lady is?
Some say she is 100 years old and some say she is 200 years old.
If you want to know,
go to the shrine on the island, where the festival will be held.
A shrine?
There is the Kimie, great-granddaughter of the priestess and friend of the Saori.
We look like a pinwheel, with so many turns.
(Girl) 200 years?
Of course not!
This year my great-grandmother will be 130 years old!
In the registry, you'll see!
Everyone exaggerates just because it is a little older than most.
A little bigger, you say?
"It's the Guinness Book of Records."
So..., do you know where it is, this great-grandmother of yours so old?
It's in her room
blessing the arrows that will be presented to the party.
Your great-grandmother eats mermaid meat?
Eh?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No, man, no!
Mermaids don't exist in this world!
-That's just bullshit! -Huh?
But, but these manatee arrows...
My mother told me that, originally,
it was a protective amulet that repelled curses,
but, attracted by it by the mermaids,
they called it "manatee arrow".
So, you lost your mother?
Yes, she died at sea along with my father.
Grandfather and grandmother, they also disappeared at sea...
long before I was born.
If you lost the family at sea, there must be something strange.
There is nothing strange!
Saori and I went to the main island and nothing happened.
-With Saori?
-When was it, this?!
Four days ago.
I had to go to the dentist and she accompanied me.
Because on this island we don't have a dentist.
How was Saori that day?
She had lost the arrow of the manatee and was scared.
She said that the mermaid was bad for her.
I told her that nothing would happen, but she wouldn't listen to me.
You are a fool.
She wouldn't listen to you because you don't believe in the power of the high priestess.
Toshimi!
She is real!
She has eaten real mermaid meat.
3 years ago, a mermaid's corpse washed up on a beach.
A mermaid carcass?
You mean that story that was on TV 3 years ago?
What was on TV was exaggerated.
What are you talking about, beautiful!
You saw it too, didn't you?
The bones were broken in a strange way, it was grotesque.
Stop it, Toshimi!
Rokuro!
You shouldn't explain so many things to outsiders.
If you guys are looking for the Saori, you should go home at once.
But you'll find that your drunken father will welcome you.
It doesn't look like anyone is worried.
The Saori quarrels a lot with her father and runs away from home often.
Is it all right for you to take us to Saori's house, Miss?
It should be after the party.
And what are you doing at the party?
We sell some numbered plates,
and if the numbers match those shown by my great-grandmother,
we give away a manatee arrow.
They are arrows that will bring you luck all your life.
You too can insert it and try your luck!
An elderly couple have cancelled their attendance
and there are two plates left over.
If you say so...
Well, whether you win or not will depend on the 8 divine signs.
Maybe he can have eternal youth and beauty, as people say.
(Drums)

How nice!
I'm so excited! Me too!
-The priestess!
-The holy woman is here!
This is the priestess?
Coi, what a stopper!
(thinks) "She's just a grandmother with too much make-up."
She has burned the door!
Take the shape of the letters!
Indeed, the fire she has lit burns the winning numbers on the door.
It can't be.
I see visions?
Viva, what luck!
Viva!
Ra-Ra-Ra-Ra-Ran!
I...
It's my turn! What a ?!
Attention, winners.
The manatee arrows will be handed out in one hour.
Please proceed to the mermaid's waterfall.
Let the 3 people who will receive the divine gift step forward!
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
No other person has touched you?
Yes, me, me.
Eh?
That's strange.

I could have sworn that girl had won too.
Yes, and now I don't see her anywhere.
But she had already reached the mermaid's waterfall.
See the light of divine glory!
(People) Ooooh!
Ooooh!
Look!
Look!
(Woman) What is this?!
(People: shouts of surprise)
(Thinks) "Yes..., long black hair in the water....,
"And a springy body that sways, blue and shiny,
"As if it were a mermaid swimming in the water jumping."
"But it is a lifeless body."
(Kimie) To-Toshimi!
Has she committed suicide?
Or has she been killed?
No, I don't think it's either.
The rope on the neck is the one used
to mark the dangerous areas along the river.
What?
Oh, I see.
That is to say, you've wandered into the river unintentionally, because of the darkness,
he tried to catch the rope, but the current was too strong.
The rope slipped off and got caught in his neck when he fell in.
But doesn't it seem strange to you?
The party was being held in the vicinity of the waterfall!
Why did he have to go into the forest?
Perhaps he was looking for the mermaid's grave.
In this forest is the grave of a mermaid.
Three years ago, on the night of the feast, a fire was set in the sanctuary's storage room.
There they found some mermaid bones that were buried in the forest.
The Toshimi was always thinking about this grave.
Wait a minute!
So much talk about mermaids.
Were they really mermaid bones?
The people on the island said so,
but the police said they were the bones of a middle-aged woman.
They could only have been sure
if there had been bones from the lower body!
The lower part of the body?!
A column from the warehouse fell on her lower body.
"But when we lifted the column,
"There were no bones that would correspond to the legs."
Really?
The media said...
they had found the corpse of a mermaid.
And our holy woman became famous!
But the police said it was the corpse of a woman, right?
Yes.
She was probably a tourist who didn't get the gift of arrows...
"And who went into the warehouse to pick some up."
"The fire was caused by a candle that had fallen to the ground."
A year passed, but she could not be identified...
and we went to bury her bone.
Then there were problems.
-Problems? -Grave robberies.
They began to come very imbecile tourists
who wanted to dig up the tomb to steal the bones.
Mermaid bones were an elixir that gave immortality, they said.
So my great-grandmother asked someone for help....
and they moved the grave in the forest.
-Do you know who she asked for help? -I don't know.
All I know is that she was a very trustworthy person.
Well, whether it's suicide, murder or accident,
we'll continue the conversation
when the police have arrived and examined the Toshimi's body.
If it was murder, the Toshimi is partly to blame,
for coming here.
Gee, you were her fiancé...
and you're the one who takes it the most frivolously.
Her fiancé?
It was our parents' decision.
I had nothing to do with it.
Besides, my father and her mother are no longer alive.
(Man: cries) Toshimiiii!
Toshimi!
Toshimi!
- (Kogoro) Who is this? - (Kimie) The father of the Toshimi.
The president of the fishermen's guild.
(Kimie) Father!
Have you called the Fukui Prefectural Police?
The sea is too rough.
They won't be able to come until the waters calm down.
-That's a good one.
- (Heiji) Hey, we're in luck!
The killer won't be able to leave the island either.
What do you mean, the killer?
We're not sure if this is a murder, though.
Look at this!
A float?
We found it on Heiji and me.
It was anchored in the middle of the river above the waterfall!
Maybe they knocked Toshimi unconscious
and after putting the rope around her neck,
they put her on the float and let the current take her away.
We saw the Toshimi 2 hours before the fires started.
There is no hour to get to and from the water jump.
Thus, anyone could have committed the crime.
Therefore, the murderer is still somewhere on this island!
It is frightening!
Don't worry about it!

They are sure to catch the killer very soon!
When Heiji adjusts the cap it means he has already set off!
Ah!
But... don't fall in love with him!
Eh?!
If I had you as a rival, I'd have nothing to fight for.
Kazuha, you're so... you're so pretty!
Hey, hey, stop it!
What are you doing?
Hey, if, as you say, the Toshimi has been murdered,
you'd better not take your eyes off that man.
Saori's father, the drunkard.
Excuse me, would you like me to accompany you to Saori's father's house?
But with the father in this state, I don't think that...
Yes. So then...
...we'd like to see the high priestess!
Eh?
Yes, but...
Well, it's a very old house.
I don't think they make much money, with these arrows.
What are you talking about!
Those plates cost 5 yen a piece!
Eh?
5 yen?!
They say they have always had the same price.
There are 108 numbered wooden plates in a very big box.
They shuffle them all and then everyone picks one.
The old lady chooses the 3 winners among all those numbers!
I find...this woman takes quite a while.
The Kimie said she would try to talk to us,
but she must be tired and we might not be able to see her.
- (footsteps: clop-clop) -What is it, this noise?
Are you the ones who want to see me?
(thinks) "Without makeup she looks like a monster."
Hey, listen, we just wanted to know...
how they choose the numbers of the people who will receive the arrows.
From it... At random.
Sometimes I trio numbers of horses that have won in races.
(laughs)
"Come on."
Why do you settle for so little and only sell 3 a year?
This is not possible.
The hair I put on the arrows is mine and I don't have that many either.
(Kimie) Great Grandma!
She has the bath ready!
Excuse me, if you don't need me for anything important...,
I'll go bathe and sleep.
No, I still wanted to... One thing, young lady!
-You, the girl with the tail.
-Who, me?
The manatee arrow is an amulet to ward off evil.
If you never part, evil will make a nest in your heart.
Men return to the land and become ruthless demons.
Women return to the water and become silent mermaids.
You must not separate maaaaaaaaai!
Her voice is wrinkled and all, and she's pale.
She looks like she's going to die any minute.
I'm glad I wore my school uniform,
I knew it would do me service.
It won't bother them, that we came?
It gives me!
This is the perfect time to question everyone.
Stop talking like that.
This is the funeral of the Toshimi.
Sorry, sorry...
(Flow) Kazuha, do you already carry the manatee arrow?
Yes, of course I'm carrying it!
(Think) "It's that drunkard. It's also here."
Mr. Mouri, you have also come?
Yes, yes.
By the way, I heard...
that Mr. Kadowaki didn't come home yesterday.
Yes.
I heard he had a fight with a tourist in the bar.
You mean he's been drinking all night?
Eh?!
It's strange, Naoko isn't here.
She was on the list too.
She was also on the list.
Naoko hasn't been here?!
She must have gone to the toilet! Let's check it out.
Ah..., very well, daughter.
(thunder)
(Thunder)
Ran, what's wrong?
Are you afraid of thunder?
No, it's not that.
There's someone there.
It's true!
-What happened?
-Look, Heiji!
There's someone there!
What are you saying?
This is...!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Is it, is it a net?!
Has the mermaid killed her?
Don't separate from me, okay?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What's the matter?
There was a brown-haired girl with glasses who...
Who was staring at us!
Who, who is it?! Was it Saori?
It can't be!
You fool!
How do you want it to be?!
And the next Conan:
"And the mermaid disappeared. The deductions"
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

