Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart with great powers of deduction,
he goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
Today, the second part of the mermaid story.
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "A strange letter sent to in Heiji.
"He summoned us for a job on the island of Bikuña."
"The sender, the Saori Kadowaki,
"had disappeared without a trace."
"That night, the island was filled with life....
"because the annual manatee festival was being held."
"It was believed that whoever received a blessed arrow from the high priestess..,
"that he was immortal for having eaten mermaid flesh,
"was granted this gift."
"But during the feast, they found the Toshimi Ebihara,
"one of the Saori's friends,
"hung at the mermaid's waterfall."
"In Heiji and I realized that it was a murder.
"And we began to investigate,
"But on the night of the Toshimi's funeral,
"Another murder took place."
-Ah!
That's right!
-What happened?
-Look Heiji!
There's someone there!
-What do you say?
AND THE SIREN DISAPPEARED.
(DEDUCTIONS)
I don't think she's been dead for more than an hour.
(Heiji) She's probably been strangled and put in the net.
The footprints in the sand are from sandals and rubber boots.
Naoko was probably wearing the sandals,
so the killer must have been wearing boots!
How cruel.
Hey, look!
It looks like they stepped on one of the manatee arrows.
They stepped on it with sandals,
it must have been Naoko herself while he was being strangled.
(Heiji) The murderer must have taken the arrow!
(Kogoro) Anyway, we'll follow the boot prints.
I'm sure they will lead us to the murderer.
- (Heiji) He's right... (Kogoro) Hey, these footprints...
They're heading straight for the ocean.
(Heiji) That's right.
There are some shiny things around the footprints.
(Kogoro) What are these?
These are...
fish scales!
There are also 3 fish scales on Naoko's body.
(Man) What?
(Man) Hey!
But what are you guys doing here?
Well, we are conducting an investigation.
We're from Fukui Prefecture, it's our job!
-From the prefecture?
-You've finally arrived.
What?!
That the killer's footprints disappeared in the sea?
Yes, and he left some fish scales behind him.
Did you say scales? She was killed by a mermaid?!
What nonsense!
Mermaids don't wear boots!
The murderer must have approached the edge of the water
and went towards the nets, where he met Naoko.
After murdering her, he went back to the water's edge...
and fled, walking through the water.
I see what you mean.
-By the way, has anyone seen Naoko leaving the room?
No.
She was no longer here when I arrived after the ceremony.
Benzo, what does she have to say?
You signed the book after the Naoko, right?
There was no one in the room when I came in.
This means that Naoko was the first one to arrive
and then went to where the nets are.
Do you think it's the same person who killed Toshimi?
We don't know this yet,
but we do know that the killer took the arrow from Naoko.
The manatee arrow?
Before she disappeared, the Saori said she had lost....
Could it be that...?
Yes, by now she must be dead too.
I have seen the Saori near the mermaid's waterfall this morning.
I've seen it too.
It was quite far, deep in the forest of the waterfall.
Are you absolutely sure it was the Saori?
-Yes, she's the only girl on the island with light brown hair and glasses.
And she always wears blue clothes.
Surely she must be running away from something, and that's why she's hiding from everyone!
Mr. Benzo, can you think of anything that might have happened?

Don't ask me, she didn't tell me anything.
I just hope she didn't turn into a mermaid
like this poor dead girl.
A mermaid?
(Benzo) What do you mean?
(Benzo) You didn't know?
The nun ate the flesh of a mermaid
who got caught in some nets.
(Think) "From a mermaid?"
(Benzo) If you never separate, evil will make a nest in your heart.
Women return to the water and become silent mermaids.
Ka-Kazuha.
We don't think about these things,
we will go and look for the Saori when it is daylight.
Kazuha.
Don't separate from me at all, okay?
"Heiji!"
(Off) "Well into the night,
"The police searched among the funeral attendees...
"The person who took the Naoko's arrow,
"But there were only the ones that Benzo and Kazuha had won."
Hey, Kudo, have you found out anything? (Shinichi voice) No, no, nothing at all.
All I know is that Toshimi, Naoko...
and the Saori, who is missing,
believed in the powers of the high priestess,
who the islanders say has eaten mermaid flesh.
Yes.
There is nothing normal about this fanaticism.
If we knew who had that number by the arrow we would have come a long way.
This is very easy to know.
We have all the participants in the temple registry, right?
-Do you want to come take a look? -Of course I do!
(Kogoro: drunkenly) He-he-he-he-he.... I'm having a great time...
For God's sake, father!
Control yourself a little, will you?
Kimie.
I know it's not a good time, but have you thought about what I said?
I can't, with the Toshimi dead, it wouldn't be fair to betray her like that.
Besides, I have to take care of the great-grandmother...
and I can't leave this island.
It's too bad for me.
It's like this.
You all went to school together?
Yes.
We liked watching movies a lot...
and we joined the school film club.
"We made a film about the legendary nun."
"And we won first prize in the contest, we were so excited!"
-We even went to Hollywood! -It's fantastic!
But we all loved this island in a very special way
and we ended up coming back.
Who would have thought that Toshimi and Naoko's dream would end up like this?
It's weird, I swear...
I'd swear we left it right here.
-What?
You can't find it? -No.
This year's record is missing.
Do you think the old lady would have taken it?
No, she never would.
Did anyone else know she had the record here?
Most of the islanders do.
I'll go check the other rooms just in case.
I'm coming with you to help you.
I'm here to help you, too.
Thanks a lot, girls.
Wow, look at all these names!
A foreign minister,
a government cabinet secretary and the president of the Bank of Japan!
They all wanted a very long life.
(Think) "Eh? Shiho Miyano? I think this was his real name."
"Maybe I'm confused."
"He's not the kind of person who desires eternal youth and beauty."
(Kazuha and Ran: call out)
What happened?!
There was a brown-haired girl with glasses who....
Who was staring at us!
She can't be!
Was it Saori?
What?
How come this glass is broken?!
Where is she, Kimie?
I was going to look for her in the warehouse they rebuilt.
Where is it, this warehouse? I think it's behind the temple.
Hey, look!
There's a strange light!
No, it can't be!
(Off) "The fire continued to burn all night long.
"Just like 3 years ago, and it only left the foundations."
"Yes. Just like 3 years ago, a burnt corpse was also found."
A burned body?
Yes, that's right.
It's totally burned, but he was wearing glasses.
It's barely been known that he was wearing a blue suit.
It's probably the Saori, who had disappeared.
So, what we saw tonight...
-Was it a ghost? -Kimie!
Kimie, where are you?
Kimie!
Kimie!
-Kimie's not back yet? -No.
Well, I'll stay with the kissing.
Jo too.
(Shinichi voice) Hattori.
Kimie said she went to the dentist, right?
No.
Hey, hey... Don't pack it in.
What are you thinking about?
Don't ask useless questions.

You have the same feeling in your head as I do.
You have the same feeling as me.
(Kogoro) Well, okay.
Thank you for your trouble.
What were the results?
The result of the comparative analysis
between the corpse's dentition and the Kimie's dental records
is that they are a perfect match.
No way.
The Kimie is dead.
No..., it's a lie.
It's a lie!
It's a lie!
Is it true?
Kimie's dead?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
We lost sight of him for a moment and...
Another young life disappears
and here I am, alive in spite of my age, what a shame.
Ma'am, you asked someone for help...
to move the mermaid's grave to the mountain.
Who helped you?
There's no point in asking me,
because that person is also dead before me.
(Heiji) Mr. Mouri!
-You found something? -I haven't found anything!
What kind of case is this?
We haven't even been able to zero in on a suspect.
What's the motive?
We also don't know why Kimie was dressed in Saori's clothes.
Because surely they wanted us to believe that the Saori had died.
So, the killer must be the Saori.
Or someone who wants us to believe it's her.
(Surf) The sound of the waves?
Yes, the sea is behind us.
Last night...
(Cries)
The Kimie told us last night...
Well, whoever the murderer is, one thing is absolutely certain.
We have to find her at all costs as soon as possible,
we can't let her do what she pleases with the lives of others!
Father!
What is it, Ran?
Someone called Kimie's house and said something strange!
Strange, you say?
"Thank you for letting me have the arrow."
"It was worth paying a million."
"My son's operation was a success."
-They bought him?! - For a million?
Yes, he said that a man who said he worked at the temple...
consented to sell it to him as a special favor.
This must have some connection
to the old couple who cancelled his attendance?
It seems so. What else?
As they said, the man?
We don't know, but he had a stubble and looked to be in his 50s.
What did you say?
It's in Benzo!
Hey, hey, hey!
If it happened before the party, then, that arrow...
We talked about the arrow that Saori said she had lost.
And fortunately for Benzo, she won an arrow,
and then the record with the names was lost.
How suspicious, right?
In the Naoko, killed on the day of the funeral of the Toshimi,
the arrow was also stolen.
I'll go to the Ebihara's house, where the funeral was held.
Kudo... Oh, Mr. Mouri, please go to Benzo's house!
(Think) "Fool!"
Are you sure?
Benzo left right after we did last night?
Well yes, and he looked very scared.
I knew it, En Benzo was listening to us.
"He felt we were going to look at the log with the Kimie."
He took a shortcut and stole it before we got there.
(Girl) So in Benzo burned down the warehouse!
Surely.
He went to steal the register, but when the Kimie saw him....
-What are you doing here? -What have you forgotten, handsome?
-You told me not to separate from you! -You're right. -You're right.
Besides, since I have a blessed arrow,
I'm your good luck charm!
If you are in danger, I will protect you!
Why, thank you very much!
(Think) "I mean it, Heiji."
Now the Kimie is dead,
I guess this has been the last manatee party.
Yeah, I guess so.
Hey, kid!
Would you mind telling me which of yesterday's prints are yours and which of your friends?
and which ones belong to your friends?
Yeah, I don't mind.
Mm?
What's this?
What have you seen, Heiji?
(Think) "There are recent scratches, to the sole of these sandals."
Excuse me, what have you done with Naoko's sandals?
We have taken them to Fukui Prefecture.
Kazuha, let me have the arrow you have for a moment.
"Just the wood."
"These are the sandals that stepped on the arrow on the sand."
"This means, that..."
(Ding-dong)
Bad lightning!
He's not at home!
Hey, you guys, what are you doing here?
Ah, nothing.
We just wanted to talk to Mr. Benzo.
Do you know where he is?

I haven't seen him since the funeral yesterday.
What a pity...
If you'd let us see your missing daughter's room...
If you want to get in, look under these turrets.
You'll find the key.
Let's see...
Yes, it's here!
Come on, let's go!
You can't enter without permission.
It won't do anything to him, let him look around a bit.
Hey, how did you notice the Saori, before she disappeared?
Every time we had bad seas,
she said that the mermaid would take revenge on her.
That she would take revenge?
This is the Saori's room.
What is it, this bag?
What's in it?
What are you doing, Conan?!
Aspirin, toothbrush...
It's Saori's "run away kit",
because as always when she ran away she went to Kimie's house,
she had clothes and glasses there.
So the clothes Kimie was wearing could have been worn by her.
Donkey, what would be the point of her doing that?
Maybe to fool the killer.
Huh?
Just kidding! Ha-ha-ha.
What an ass you are.
But if she thought that the killer was also after Saori
and saw someone... suspicious hanging around the house,
she could have done what she said in Conan to catch him.
But what t'empatolles?
Yesterday, during the fire, you saw a person who looked like the Saori!
Is there any photo of the Saori, in this room?
I think there's a photo album.
(Kogoro) Ran.
Was this the girl you saw in the garden?
I don't know, because it was so dark.
Did you take these photos
when you were shooting the film of the legendary nun?
Yes.
Let's see?
Oh, this is awesome!
It looks like it has to be a real mermaid swimming in the sea.
And this storm scene has a lot of power.
In fact, Saori did the special effects photography...
and Kimie was in charge of makeup and characterization.
Those were the main reasons why we won the contest.
But a year later, in a real storm,
the sea swallowed the Kimie's parents, my parents
and Saori's mother.
"Wait!"
"The bank book, the credit card, the name stamp,
"The driver's license and passport are here."
"But the other thing is not here."
"It's impossible!"
(Mobile)
It's me at Hattori.
Hello, Kudo.
Oh, I've confused you.
Tell me, Mr. Mouri.
I was just about to call you.
(Heiji) "The sandal they found in the garden...
"had a sign of having stepped on the arrow."
"This shows that during the funeral,
"the murderer went to where Naoko was waiting for him in the nets,
"and that after killing her, he went back into the house."
They were only able to do so on Benzo and Rokuro.
"But seeing Rokuro's concern yesterday,
"I doubt he endangered Kimie's life."
"So, the murderer is..."
(Slack) Hattori, I will now explain my deductions.
Listen to me carefully.
Eh?
Yes, say.
(Inaudible)
(Mystery music)
(Inaudible) Idiot!
How do you want that to be?!
I don't believe it!
Hattori, when we set aside the impossible things,
then the only one that stands is the truth,
no matter how unbelievable it may seem to us!
What did you say?!
(Man) Inspector!
Our men are scouring the forest to find Mr. Benzo Kadowaki!
-All right, let's go!
I'll go to your place when we've caught Benzo!
Wait for me here!
Heiji!
Wait for me!
(Phone: tut-tut)
I don't want to believe it either, this..., Hattori.
That's a lie!
That's a lie.
I don't believe you, Kudo!
Eh?
Heiji, can't you smell incense?
Don't be silly!
Who would offer incense in the middle of the mountain...?
"The tomb! The famous mermaid's tomb."
"W-wait, if that were so,
"If things were just as it says in Kudo...
"It means that the murderer is that person."
-Ah.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! -Count!
Ah!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Kazuhaaaaaaaaaaa!
(Thinking) "Forgive me, Heiji."
Ka... Kazuha?
Good bye.
What are you doing?
(Kogoro voice) The only ones who could be absent from the funeral...
are Benzo and Rokuro!
There was only one person...
who could carry out that plan before the party!
Exactly, the murderer is you!
And the next Conan:

"And the mermaid disappeared (The conclusion)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

