Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart and great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
The deductions will surpass the depth of the legend!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji....
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "Guided by a letter received in Heiji,
"We arrived at one of the islands in the Okinawa archipelago,
"the island of Bikuña."
"There, serial murders awaited us...
"which took place around manatee arrows."
"The sender of the letter, Saori Kadowaki, had disappeared...
"And her childhood friends, Toshimi Ebihara and Naoko Kuroe...
"were killed one after the other."
"In addition, the shrine's storage room was set on fire...
"And the corpse of Kimie Shimabukuro was found inside."
"The Saori is the murderer?"
"I went to her room to see if I could find any clues.
"And I found a surprising truth."
Everything was as you told me in Kudo.
This means that the murderer is that person.
Kazuhaaaaa!
AND THE MERMAID DISAPPEARED (THE CONCLUSION).
Oh... Heiji.
Don't... despair, Kazuha.
A-now, now I'm going to fix you to me, okay?
No!
You won't be able to do it.
The... the branch.
The branch is breaking!
(Thinking) "If I don't do anything, we'll both die."
"Forgive me, Heiji."
"Live long for both of us."
Ka... Kazuha?
Good bye.
What are you doing?
(People: Rumors)
(Man) Hello, detective! Mm?
I've already brought you the man we were looking for.
We found him trying to flee through the forest.
(Kogoro voice) Where is he, that boy who speaks with an Osaka accent?
We haven't seen her since we went into the forest.
(Thinking) "Oooh. Heiji, why are you doing this?"
"Why won't you let go of my hand?"
"If you don't let me go we'll both die..."
Let go of me.
Ka-Kazuha.
Don't move.
If you move I'll punish you.
Heiji!
(Thinking) "What happened to you, Heiji?"
"Why didn't you come? Where are you and what the hell are you doing?"
Hey, how long are you going to keep us waiting?!
The police don't have time to waste.
(People: exclamations of surprise)
It's the high priestess!
What... what should she do here?
(People: rumors)
(Kogoro voice) Now that we have all the actors gathered,
we'll start talking about the truth of the 3 murdered.
"The first case, that of the Toshimi,
"who we found hanging from the mermaid's waterfall."
"The second case, that of Naoko, strangled in nets."
"And the third case, that of the Kimie, burned in the temple warehouse."
Let's look at the second case.
Judging from what was found at the crime scene,
the killer walked along the water's edge
because the footprints were washed away by the waves.
Ah, the guy from Osaka has already told me!
Yes, he told me too.
Those footprints were a trap set by the murderer.
The murderer was absent from the funeral for a moment
and went to the scene of the crime.
Those fish scales at first fooled me.
"If the murderer scattered those fish scales on the ground
"And hooked them on the dead woman's dress,"
it would seem that that was the work of a mermaid
and that she had fled to the sea all losing scales.
And the only ones who could have been absent from the funeral yesterday
are Mr. Rokuro and Mr. Benzo.
(People) What?
(People) It can't be!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Benzo, may I ask you a question?
Yesterday, did you sell an old woman...
a manatee arrow for one million yen?
Yes.
That arrow had touched my daughter.
I'm the father and I can do whatever I want with the arrow!
That million made him salivate,
"And when he saw that the Toshimi had touched him an arrow

"He made her go to the top of the water jump,
"He put her on the float and had it carried away by the current!"
"Then, during the funeral,
"He murdered the beach Miss Naoko,
"Who had in her possession the arrow."
"But, of course, if one consulted the temple register,
"It would be known that the arrow, you had stolen it to the Toshimi."
"So you went to the Kimie's house to steal the record,
"But she saw it,
"That's why he locked it in the warehouse and burned it!"
The resgistre she was wearing when we arrested her is the proof!
The float had her fingerprints on it!
No, Inspector, Mr. Benzo is not the murderer.
If Mr. Benzo were the murderer,
surely he would also have been found burned in the warehouse.
You have to take into account that he, as an islander,
must have known the exact location where the register was kept.
It would be a strange thing for him to go on a wild goose chase.
"Yesterday, the day of the party,
"The Naoko must have realized that the arrow had touched the Toshimi,
"And she must have found it strange that Benzo had the award-winning plaque."
And how to explain, the traces of the float?
He probably touched it
when he found it with the winning plate to the river and touched it.
Yes, the detective is right.
I didn't want them to think I was the killer
just because I found the plaque, so I stole the registration.
Rokuro Fukuyama, so it was you?
What are you saying?!
It's not true!
The Toshimi was your promise, wasn't it?
This could be a good excuse to be able to cite the waterfall.
He is not the assassin either. What?
That the assassin would have used the float to kill the Toshimi.
"It means that he wanted to let the current take him away,
"without needing to carry the body,
"and make it look like it was an accidental death."
"In Rokuro, being a fisherman, he's strong enough...
"to carry such a light body and throw it away without a problem."
He didn't need to use a float and leave evidence.
But if neither of them is the killer, then who is?
Unlike the Toshimi case,
in which the killer wanted to fake an accidental death,
in the Naoko case, he didn't try to hide that it was murder.
Can you think of what you mean by this difference, Inspector?
Well, I suppose... What does it mean?
In the case of the Toshimi's murder, it's like there were bad seas,
the police didn't get to the island right away,
but the murderer could be sure they would arrive that very night.
If it was a murder case, the investigation would be very rigorous,
and he was not amused by that.
He made it look like an accidental death to avoid complications.
He had planned to commit the murder of the Naoko, earlier.
But no one could have known that the arrow would touch Naoko
until he took a step to receive it.
That's true.
In fact, the assassin's goal was neither to steal the arrows....
nor to attack the people who received one.
It was all a set-up
to steer the investigation in a totally wrong direction!
(People) Oooooh!
The killer made it very clear that Naoko had been killed
because he wanted to focus everyone's attention on the scene of the crime
and take advantage of this fact to carry out the third murder!
The murderer planned
and executed each of the crimes with great care.
They were not crimes committed on a whim or thoughtlessly.
The only person who could prepare
before the party started is...
You don't mean...
Someone who knew in advance
that the arrows would touch Naoko and Toshimi!
Yes..., the murderer is you!
Yes, it's you...,
high priestess!
(People: exclamations of surprise)
How could an old lady of 130 years old have been able to do all that ?!
And with an accomplice to carry out the crimes?
An accomplice?
If neither Rokuro nor Benzo could have murdered Naoko,
then the only person who could have done it...
is Kimie!
(People: exclamations of surprise)
(People: exclamations of surprise) It's ridiculous.
Kimie is the third victim!
What if the person who died in the warehouse wasn't Kimie?
Didn't you say that the data in the dentist's file
match the dental measurements of the charred corpse?
Father, you felt it too.

Kimie had gone to the dentist.
Yes, I felt it.
She had just gone with Saori!
No way!
Yes, it was Saori who had the consultation with the dentist.
"Kimie accompanied her to the dentist's office,
"took her medical card, taking advantage of an oversight.
"and suggested that they use their own."
"So, the Saori went to the dentist using the Kimie's name."
"And then, he murdered Saori in the temple warehouse,"
burned the body in the warehouse
and the dental records made us believe that it was the Kimie, the dead one.
Then, the person we saw in the garden with glasses and short hair?
It was the Kimie in disguise.
And the Saori that the witnesses saw the morning of the party, too.
It was all to make us suspicious of the found body
and to make Saori look guilty.
This is just a hypothesis!
I called the dentist and verified it.
The one who received the treatment had light brown hair,
and wore glasses.
So, the Kimie must still be hiding somewhere on the island,
waiting for an opportunity to escape!
We'll look for her everywhere! You won't have to.
What?
The Kimie is in this room.
(People: exclamations of surprise and disbelief)
It can't be!
It's not part!
According to Rokuro, the Kimie's make-up and characterization...
were good enough to win an award.
Yes...
Are you pretending to say that you have disguised yourself as someone else?
This is not a movie, it's not going to work!
Indeed, it is very difficult to disguise yourself as someone else,
but what if we were talking about a person that no one sees very often?
For example, someone who is only seen at the manatee party?
with a lot of make-up.
Now, the chances have been significantly reduced!
This is impossible.
Now don't tell me that...
But the difference in height must be taken into account.
Remember, please.
Think about the foreign body they found
when it caught fire in the warehouse three years ago.
"There were no leg bones where they should have been,
"And the islanders said that that body was that of a mermaid."
"That body was probably that of a woman who had been burned to death...
"With her legs bent and immobilized with a rope."
If my deductions are correct,
Miss Kimie, it was the corpse of...
(Kimie) It was my mother.
She inherited the role of high priestess from the great-grandmother
and she tried very hard to play it perfectly for the islanders.
That was the end... of that poor woman.
Ki-Kimie!
(People) Oooooh!
(People) Oooooh!
You've figured it all out, Mr. Detective.
This characterization is my pride.
When I realized that the record was gone...
Do you think that old lady would have taken it?
No, she wouldn't.
I found it suspicious that she answered without hesitation.
Of course she did.
But when we met the high priestess,
we heard the Kimie's voice.
Great-grandmother!
I have already prepared the bath for you!
That was a cassette I had recorded and I simply played it back.
But Kimie, why did you do it?!
They were childhood friends of yours, weren't they?
This had nothing to do with avenging the mother!
Don't tell me it was the one who set fire to the warehouse?
That night they were angry
because they didn't get the manatee arrow.
They got drunk and set fire to the warehouse.
"The mother was disguised as a high priestess,
"and when they saw her enter the warehouse,
they decided they wanted to check if she was really immortal!
I found out about a week ago, when Saori told me.
But didn't your mother die at sea 5 years ago?
The mother said it was easier to play
only the role of the high priestess than to play 2 roles.
And why didn't you say it was your mother's body!
In the middle of all those flames,
the mother called my cell phone.
(Woman) "Kimie... Take care of everything."
"I love this island very much."
"Don't kill. Don't kill the high priestess, please..."
However...
however, when the Saori lost the arrow she told me this:
If you don't want to give me another arrow instead,
tell me where the tomb of the mermaid is!
The tomb where the high priestess buried the bones of the mermaid!
I want to be like her, like the high priestess.

I want to continue to live even though the flames surround me.
I want to be immortal!
(Kimie) I couldn't forgive them.
Neither Toshimi nor Naoko!
It was so easy to summon them.
I had to tell them that I would take them to the mermaid's tomb
when they had the arrows to the party.
So that the eyes of both of them would go crazy just knowing it.
Even though that was my mother's grave.
(Heiji) You were not the only ones.
(Think) "Ha-Hattori!"
I'm sure there were other people
who were aware of this setup, right?
That old man said that if Kimie died, the party would be over!
W-Well, I...
Forgive me, Kimie!
Except for the young people, everyone on the island knew about it.
It couldn't be.
And we also knew that the person who died in the warehouse was your mother.
After the fire,
we were supposed to tell you that we should put an end to the manatee party, but...
"When we saw you disguised as a high priestess...,
"Then we decided not to."
This is the island of mermaids.
If the Kimie continued to represent the high priestess...
-We decided to keep quiet and help you in any way we could.
Help you as much as we could.
Kimie, please forgive us.
(All) Forgive us.
Forgive us, please!
(All) It can't be.
You shouldn't have let it take so long... to tell me.
You're right, you're right.
I should have woken you up from that dream before.
From the dream of having eternal life, which has been like a nightmare.
The fact that life ends makes it precious.
Knowing that it has to end is what makes us strive to live it.
Oi, Kazuha?
(Off) "The next day, all the islanders gathered at the harbor....
"To bid farewell to Kimie,
"when he was taken away by the Fukui prefectural police."
"There were rough seas, and the ferry took heart and help to set sail."
"It was as if they were reluctant to part with the priestess.
"Who had helped the islanders for 3 years alone."
When I called out to the Saori for the first time,
the moans I felt...
were probably the Kimie's cries.
(Shinichi voice) I'm sure she was crying at the warehouse, where the mother had died.
There's something I don't quite understand.
How come she sent me a letter that was addressed to you?
Shouldn't it be a coincidence?
(Woman) Mr. Mouri, Hattori!
Eh?
Aren't you two...?
We met at the assassination of that diplomat,
Mr. Tsujimura, right?
You're Takayoshi, the victim's son, and his girlfriend Yukiko.
It's been a long time!
You went to Bikuña Island because the Saori contacted you?
Eh?
How did you know?
Yukiko is from this island,
and that girl, who was her neighbor, asked her for advice.
I see that Shinichi Kudo didn't come.
Too bad, I told him that he was the person who would help her best.
"So it's you who was behind the unexplained letter."
"Come to think of it, that time I was Shinichi again."
By the way, did something happen, on the island?
We went there, and everyone was scared,
so we hurried to turn around and got on the ferry.
Well... It's better not to know, believe me.
Why did they want to come today?
Didn't you know that the party is over?
We didn't come for the party, we came for the fish and seafood!
It's cheap, very good, and the scenery is beautiful.
People speak very well!
Even without the manatee festival,
the island will still be attractive to tourists.
(Heiji) "Yes. I hope his wounds heal well quickly."
(He thinks) "I can see it now."
(Heiji) "Once the restaurant has progressed,
"All the family members have to attend."
"And in the meantime, that man is locked inside that room."
"This is the modus operandi of the redhead club?!"
I have come to see the hands of the god of fortune.
"What is this?! It can't be true! 5 years!"
And the next Conan: "The secret of the prosperous business".
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

