Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
He has a strong heart and great powers of deduction,
goes to the essence of everything with an intense pace.
A prosperous establishment will be the beginning of the case.
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE SECRET OF PROSPEROUS BUSINESS
(School bell)
A suspicious man?
Yes.
Your family made a living with a restaurant, right?
I know what it is!
It's the Manpuku restaurant!
Ah yes, that dark, dirty restaurant...
and no matter what you eat, everything is filthy and always empty.
Ouch!
I'm sorry.
What do you find suspicious about that man?
He came home suddenly 2 months ago and...
My name is Yuji Kanekura.
I have a debt of gratitude to grandfather that I'd like to satisfy.
To my late husband?
What kind of debt?
It's such an important debt that I can't... put it into words.
I could come and live here and work for you.
Will you allow me to do so?
Please.
Live here?
You want us to let you live at home?
At home we can't afford to hire anyone!
I don't want any wages in return!
I just want to pay my debt!
I beg you to let me do, please!
I will thank you, I will thank you!
(Child) "After saying this we got into the house at all costs."
Eh?
This is all very strange!
Because my grandfather was a cheapskate, he had a bad temper...
and he wasn't the kind of person who would do favors!
I'm sure, I'm sure that man is up to something.
I'd like the Junior Detective League to find out what he's up to.
(Thinking) "I thought it would be an interesting case,
"But he's just a liar who's been sneaking into some poor people's house."
I smell this is going to lead to a crime!
-I think so too! So do I!
Yes, it's true.
This smells of scorched earth!
Haibara!
Very good!
Let's go, Junior Detective League!
-Yes, yes, yes, yes! -Yes, yes!
All the best, Edogawa.
I'm sorry, but I have another engagement now.
Goodbye, now.
Don't run away!
What a face you have, Haibara!
(Genta) Hey!
Come on!
Is it the same restaurant as before? What's so special about it?
It's much nicer now than before.
And, besides, it's full to overflowing with customers!
It's all because of that man.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
No customer has come today, it's a disaster.
Every day we meet the same one, to be honest.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
After all, there are plenty of good restaurants.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Things can't go on like this.
Right!
I have experience as a cook,
I'll give you special cooking classes!
And to renovate the restaurant to make it brighter!
Renovate the restaurant?
I will pay all the expenses!
Don't suffer for nothing, I just want to repay the favor he did me!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Since then, the business has become so prosperous that it seems unbelievable.
What's so suspicious about it?
He has even been willing to sacrifice himself to repay his debt of gratitude.
It's a good home.
Ha I got it!
He wants to make the restaurant a thriving business
to steal the profits he will make!
Is this, what he wants to do?
Why should I help you make money and then steal from you?
Wouldn't it be quicker to choose a restaurant that already makes money in the first place?
Yes, it is true.
That this smells of scorch?
And a radish!
What's the meaning of this here?
What does this mean here?
Ay! What is it?
"I'm looking for new menus. No entry allowed. Kanekura."
That gentleman spends the day here closed from morning to evening
to think of new menus.
They're a secret until he perfects them, so we can't go in.
(Woman) Rintaro!

You can see we are busy!
Now that you're back, come and help us.
Come and help us!
Say goodbye to your friends!
(Think) "Indeed."
"Once it has progressed,
"All the family members must be in the restaurant."
"And in the meantime, that mysterious man is locked...
"Inside that room without sticking his nose out at all."
"Eh? This is the modus operandi of the redhead club!"
"This can't be, it's impossible."
Got it!
This was the redhead club's MO!
Of course, the ginger club!
And who the hell are these?
The ginger club is one of the most famous stories
of Sherlock Holmes' 600 stories.
"A man who goes into an establishment as a clerk,
"He succeeds in getting the proprietor to leave with cunning lies."
"At the same time, he digs a subway tunnel...
"To the bank he intends to rob."
It is a masterpiece describing a singular and daring crime!
"He-he... Thank you for explaining it to me!"
"But I'd like to add that it was written more than 100 years ago."
"I wonder if there's a patient enough thief in the world.
"To set about tunnelling to steal a fortune."
What the hell does he do, guys?!
If they make a tunnel, we'll feel something.
(People: river)
Stop making a fool of yourselves like this!
I'll check it out myself!
You'll check it yourself?
(Touch-touch)
Mm?
-Is it this one?
-Yes, it is.
-Rintaro, what do you want, handsome?
-Well, I...
Excuse me, I'm in your way.
You must be a god of fortune.
Since you arrived, the restaurant hasn't stopped progressing.
I've come to see the hands of the god of fortune.
My hands?
Yes, as you wish.
Look at them, boy!
(thinks) "Oh. These are...!"
"This can't be."
You see?
Do you see it?
He had the hands of a criminal!
I didn't come to check this, Genta.
There were a lot of blisters and calluses.
They were the hands of a person who handles a shovel.
He must have dug a tunnel under the restaurant!
-That's what I said before! -Mitsukiko, you're so smart!
Too bad, Mitsuhiko has taken all the credit for you!
(Think) "But... is it really possible?"
"Now we have to find out in which direction the tunnel digs."
- (at the same time) Conan?! - (Ayumi) Conan, wait!
The closest bench to the Manpuku restaurant is this one here, guys!
Look, it's closed.
This bench has been closed for over a week.
-It can't be this one.
-Ya.
What a pity!
Looks like you failed again, Conan!
He-he-he-he!
Another place nearby that you might want to attack would be....
Ah!
There's a jewelry store!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No thief would be able to steal our jewelry, I assure you!
So that we have it protected with a perfect surveillance system!
And all because of the robbery we suffered.
You were robbed?
That time I was robbed!
Jewelry worth 3 billion yen was taken!
They haven't caught the thief yet.
(Thinking) "A jewel thief? They haven't arrested him yet?"
"What if this were...?"
How long ago did the thief enter the jewelry store?
Next month it will be 5 years.
"Only 5 years?"
A jewel thief...
and a suspicious man who opens a subway tunnel.
Yes, it could be!
-Mitsuhiko!
-Mitsuhiko!
"Hey, Mitsuhiko, don't tell me you're thinking that..."
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
I have to go, I'm busy.
Bye.
What did you ask the lady?
I've solved the mystery!
Listen carefully.
That gentleman called Kanekura is the thief
who stole, 5 years ago, the jewels from that store!
-So he is the thief?
-Really?
I'm sure my deductions are correct!
(Thinking) "Ha-ha! I knew it."
"But these deductions have neither head nor tail!"
But beware, the thief is no fool!
If he had sold the immediate loot,
she ran the risk of being caught.
And to take it at that moment, too, was too dangerous.
"Then, immediately after committing the robbery,
"She buried all those jewels.
"She buried them under Rintaro's house,

"That it was under reconstruction."
Ah gee, they rebuilt the house?
Is that what you asked the lady?!
Fair enough!
In Kanekura he went to live as an unpaid laborer,
to take out the loot gradually without arousing suspicion.
-Oh!
Mitsuhiko, that's fantastic!
-It's a perfect deduction!
Don't get me so excited, please.
Don't get red in the face, superdetectiu!
And why did he have to start digging them up
after having left them for 5 years?
Conan, but don't you know?
I was just waiting for the statute of limitations to become effective!
The crimes of theft are subject to a 5-year statute of limitations.
Soon you will be able to go out singing victory and you can sell the loot!
This only happens with criminal cases.
With civil cases the statute of limitations is 20 years.
Digging up-now, they will not be yours, they will still be stolen jewelry!
We don't know these complicated laws.
That's right.
If we don't know them, the thief won't know them either.
Hey, come on.
You argue about everything, Conan.
Mother always tells me that.
People have to accept things without arguing about everything!
That's not the point, man.
Let's tell the police that that man is the jewel thief!
Wait!
We don't have any proof!
He'll just be embarrassed!
All right, all right.
All we have to do is catch him red-handed.
What in head gates?
We'll lend him a trap!
A... trap?
Wait a minute.
Ah, it's you again?
You want to see my hands?
We know everything!
We know everything!
Eh?
What are you saying, man?
You can't fool the eyes of the Junior Detective League!
Excuse me, master!
(At the same time) Excuse me, master!
Pardon me, master!
Oops!
Now we just have to wait for him to fall into the trap.
Hey, Genta, you mean a trap?!
He'll get scared, he'll get nervous and he'll surrender!
-He'll fall in!
-Hm!
On all fours!
(thinks) "Some adult is scared to death
"Just because some brats gave him a scare?"
Your family is going to a spa for 2 days and 1 night?
Yes.
Mr. Kanekura recommended the family to take a trip!
He said that we should take a trip to relax,
because we haven't had a party since people have been coming.
And naturally, Mr. Kanekura won't go, right?
He says he doesn't want to spoil the family's party.
He wants everyone to leave so he can dig up all the loot and take it all at once.
I'm sure he does!
It's clear!
He has fallen into the trap,
he got nervous and started to move!
(He thinks) "It's absurd. Can this happen?"
(Shinichi voice) I don't understand anything, really.
You seem to be completely out of it, huh?
Of course you are!
What kind of delinquent would freak out
just because some kids gave him a scare?!
There are other things I don't understand!
For example...
Probably, this delinquent is made of different stuff...
totally different from the criminals you've dealt with so far.
You must approach it differently.
Let's see, what's different about him?
He's not a sophisticated person.
Eh?
(Knocking) Now it's harder for me to understand!
It seems that Conan has lost his self-confidence.
Yes.
This time he seems to be off his game.
I hope he doesn't go astray and become a delinquent.
-Yeah, he might end up like that. As friends of his, it's tough, that.
Are you sure you don't want to come?
You sure you don't want to come?
Yes.
A friend of mine has been a pain in the ass, telling me to spend the night at his place.
Good riddance!
Years ago, it would have been unthinkable for us to go to a spa.
It's all thanks to the fact that the business has prospered.
It's not all thanks to Kanekura.
(Grandmother) We are delighted that a good man came.
That's it, everyone's gone!
(Ayumi) We just have to wait for en Kanekura to come back to the house!
If he doesn't come back, do you plan to wait all night?
What the fuck are you going to tell them, the parents?
(Ayumi) Ah!
Look, he's back! What?
We'll wait for the right time.
We'll go in with the key she gave us in Rintaro
and we'll catch her "in fraganti"!
(Sighs)
Conan, aren't you feeling well? He-he-he-he-he....
I've been digging every day, but I haven't found a trace.

I shouldn't have buried them so deep because I was angry.
Hey!
I found them!
(Thinking) "I got them!"
I found them!
The jewels!
It's the jewels!
Ah!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
- (Mitsuhiko) Game over!
-Hey!
We've already seen the jewels you had buried under the house.
Aaaaaaah...
(Mitsuhiko) I'm sorry.
No, no, sorry, this..., we are not policemen.
Come on, Conan, what do we do?
Shall we go?
What should I do?
You won't finish off the thief by explaining what your deductions were?
I'll let you tell him the best part.
Come on, cheer up!
Although this time you haven't done anything.
But don't finish him off!
-Come on, champ!
-Conan, don't lose heart!
Mr. Kanekura, five years ago, you broke into a neighborhood jewelry store...
and stole jewels worth 3 billion yen.
Yes.
That's right.
You see?
He admits it and everything.
But I'm no fool.
I knew that if I started to sell them right away, I could be arrested and...
"I buried the jewels under a house I had noticed."
"It was a house that was being rebuilt,
"And after hiding them, I fled."
"And then I worked tirelessly
"So that the police wouldn't suspect me."
"They called me, they mistreated me, but I endured it all."
"My companions were unable to bear the hardship of the job
"And they quit one after another,
"But I continued to struggle."
"If five years passed, those millions would be mine."
This hope made me endure such a hard life,
and all the hard times.
Finally those 5 years of waiting were over!
I couldn't wait for the day the statute of limitations would expire
and I wanted to dig them up soon!
I believed that by working at the restaurant as an unpaid employee, I would have a chance to dig them up,
I would have a chance to dig up the jewelry.
"But things didn't turn out to be that simple."
"There were no customers, the business wasn't working," he said.....
"And the family was in the living room all day."
"So, he wouldn't find any opportunity to dig up the loot."
"Since he couldn't think of anything else,
"He refurbished the restaurant with the money he had earned by working,
"He taught the family to cook as he had learned those 5 years,
"and made the business go ahead."
"So the whole family got out of the living room."
"Then, at last, he was able to start digging up the jewelry."
Isn't that right, Mr. Yuji Kanekura?
Yes, exactly what you said.
-I knew it! -Our deduction was perfect!
I can't understand it!
Please explain it to me!
Why did you get nervous and wanted to dig them up so quickly
just because some children gave you a scare?!
Well, I'm a coward.
When I heard you were the Junior Detective League, I was scared.
Oh, I get it.
What are you scared of?
A scared old person and groups of junior detectives?
If you could make the family leave,
why didn't you make them leave in the first place?!
Instead of sacrificing himself with the restaurant renovations,
growing the business and going to a lot of trouble,
it would have been cheaper, quicker and easier to give them a trip!
-Yes, it's true.
-Oh!
Of course!
Now that you mention it, I suppose it's true.
What do you suppose?
It hadn't occurred to me.
What?!
-It looks like it's over.
-Haibara!
Now you're convinced?
Haibara!
I've already told you, Conan.
The offender in this case can't be said to be sophisticated.
(Police cars: sirens)
Looks like they've already arrived.
I've called them.
Maybe they'll give us a police medal of honor!
-I hope they do.
-I'm sure they will.
I think they'll give it to you, after all, you've done a lot of merits.
(Laughs)
-You mean?
(Rio) We deserve it, right?
(Laughs)
I hate it!
I hate that after solving this case I don't feel satisfied.
I...
(Calling) I hate itoooooo!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Thinks) "It's... it's dead!"
And the next Conan:
"The Fighting Game Trap, (part one)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,

tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

