Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Fate is also a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today's setting is an arcade.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE TRAP OF THE FIGHTING GAME, (FIRST PART)
Apa!
(laughs)
How funny it is!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No wonder it's your favorite picture!
I've already told you that!
Besides, this playroom is far away from the school.
Look at it!
There's even a wedding dress set!
Eh?
Wow!
Well, it wasn't there yesterday!
Let's see how it is...
Oh!
How beautiful it will be!
Come on, fem's-in one all 3!
Eh ?!
Ah...
No, wait, don't run!
From time to time... we should also take some photos separately.
That way we'll vary a bit.
Sonoko...
Confess, you'll write a letter to Kyogoku...
and put your picture in it, won't you?
A few days ago, when Professor Araide was looking at the letters from some of his fans,
he remarked, "Lately, it's fashionable to paste photos on letters."
You must be the only one who doesn't paste any photos on her letters.
Are you sure?
Professor Araide is in over his head.
Just when he thought he'd been saved from playing basketball coach,
he gets foisted on the drama club.
With Shinichi out of school,
the school's enthusiasm focuses on him.
Apa, don't overdo it either.
Think about it!
They also speak highly of Jody, the new English teacher.
That must be among the kids and that's enough.
She wears clothes that are too extreme and is all about releasing pheromones.
She must think we Japanese are idiots!
(Think) "He-he.... Look who's talking, the one who's always provocative."
But when she explains the lesson, she makes everything easy and understandable.
But she is serious and boring!
When we have proposed her to go for a drink she didn't want to come.
"She acts like she's from a famous family loaded with money."
She's the first American I've met,
and I expected her to be more of a joke.
(Girl: American accent) Hey.
Come on!
(Machine: male voice) "Now!"
(People) Oooooh!
(People) Oooooh!
Oooooh!
(Machine) "Perfect!"
(People: exclamations of encouragement)
Se-Miss Jody... What are you doing, in this arcade?
(American accent) Oh!
The Mouri and the Suzuki!
Eh?
"Miss"?
Eh! (American accent)
This is the uniform of Teitan High School, right?
So she's a school teacher?
Is she really?
No, no, I mistook you for someone else.
What? What?
(Sonoko) What?!
That every day you come here after school?!
Is it true, Miss Jody?!
Yes!
Japanese video games are very "beautiful" and "exciting"!
Japanese video games
when they come to America are also very famous!
But there were always such long lines
that there was no way I could ever play.
I became an English teacher to play the new games!
"She's a gamer!"
So, don't tell me your lessons are serious because?
Yes!
Because if there was a problem and I got fired....
it would be "the end".
In Japan, foreigners have a hard time finding a job.
That's why you mustn't tell anyone, that I see myself playing here.
Keep it a secret from me, okay?
You know, it looked really good.
Yes, he did!
He looked like Billy the Kid!
Oh! (Laughs)
So, do you want to try another one that's really exciting?
It's the best fighting game out there right now!
(Sonoko) "Great Fighting Spirit"!
Wow..., I didn't know it!
See, girl, su.
First, you have to put on your helmet..., put in your coin and be very attentive.
We'll bring the fight to the beginner's level.
Oh!
What the...?
Hey, hey, hey!

(Machine: male voice) "Are you... ready?"
The fight will start when the right fist comes out forward, okay?
Yes, understood!
"Ready... "go"!
(Bell: dong)
Aaaah!
You hurt me! Ran!
Exactly, this is a virtual reality game...
where the player feels the impacts of the blows.
Maybe it was too hard, for a girl.
Ah!
Wine-watcher, Ran!
Before you!
(Think) "Oh, mother..."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Bell: dong, dong, dong)
(Machine) "You have won!"
Hooray!
La Ran is the karate champion of the city!
Oh!
(Machine) "Champion!"
(Machine) "I'll kill you!"
Eh?
Someone has entered the game.
-What?
What's this? -It's an intruder...
There's another player challenging you.
I don't believe it.
Be alert.
"He is Terrific!"
He is very strong!
- (machine) "Fight!" - (dong)
(dong) Oh!
Oysters, no!
- (bell: dong, dong, dong) - (machine) "You've lost."
Oh.
Too bad, we lost.
Quina rabia!
Come on, you've already lost.
Get down from this seat, little girl.
This golden seat is reserved for me and no one else.
Who do you think you are?!
Ran, do another revenge game on this seat!
You'll waste your time.
In addition to controlling the punches and kicks,
manipulate the 4 control buttons
and use an unbeatable combination.
It's the first time you try the game
and you have no chance of winning it.
Well...
Hurry up, you good-for-nothing!
What's taking you so long?!
Yes sir, this seat is reserved for me.
What a face!
Who does he think he is?
He's known as the "Beika shiso".
He's just a rascal full of humour.
Lately he's more cocky than ever and he's causing trouble for everyone.
Oh, and another thing, kiddo.
Your moves are too exaggerated.
Even if they're wrestling, they're games and you don't have to put physical strength into them.
Take a good look at him.
His movements are minimal and he barely moves his body.
It doesn't look like he's wrestling now, does it?
That he's seen my fight?
That he's a fan of games?
Yeah, I've seen it on that big monitor over there.
Usually a demonstration comes up,
but when 2 players fight, the fight is shown on the screen.
If there's anyone who can beat him, it's Haido's invincible player.
- (boy) Haido's "lutu" - Eh?
I guess you're talking about me, right?
I've been waiting for you for a long time, little brother!
We continue our fight.
Wait a second.
Let me make a cigarette.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(People: confused conversations)
Miss Jody, please.
We're leaving this place.
(People: confused conversations) Why?
You're right, this isn't the only game there is.
We play this racing game!
"Please, one more chance!"
Apa here... Holy cow!
Oh! (Laughs)
That's good!
That's the way to go!
Now, now, now!
She's sure to get top marks!
"She sure is a hardcore gamer."
(Dong)
(Machine: male voice) "Fight!"
Those two have started to fight.
Screw them!
But..., not bad!
What a flurry of attacks!
(People) Oooooooh!
Who's winning now?
I don't see the attack scoreboard anywhere.
Wait a minute.
The more attacks they get, the bluer their faces get.
The guy who beat me is winning.
Blow!
Another one!
"It's unbelievable..."
(Machine) "K.O!"
Go!
This deadly combination has left it stunned!
It's no big deal, with Haido's lutu.
You'll see how he'll win.
No.
He'll finish her off before she can get up again.
Hey, what are you doing, man?
-He'll finish it off right away, he'll run out of time!
- (dong, dong, dong, dong,) - (machine) "Tie!"
(guys) What's that?
Oysters.
He's a pacifier.
If he had finished it off right away, he would have won it.
Just like that.
Hey..., something's up.
(thinks) "He's... he's dead."
What?
He died while playing a fighting game?
Are you for real? Yes.
We were watching the fight on this monitor.
When the game was almost won,
she suddenly stopped attacking, and...
when we looked at her...

The man driving the character had also stopped moving.
The victim's name is Kengo Bito, 21 years old,
was currently out of work.
He had a rude temper
and his reputation in this room was not very good.
Yes, yes, I get it, a man with many enemies.
Ah... Mouri..., you know this gentleman?
Yes, he was my father's boss when he worked for the police.
Ah, excuse me, she's the English teacher at our high school.
The English teacher?
Yes!
My name is Jody Santemillion!
I am very pleased to meet you!
My name is Juuzu Megre!
I am a japanese "policiman"!
"Policiman?
NXT-NXT-NXT-NXT!
You don't say "policiman"!
"Policeman!"
"Policiman"?
No, no, no, no, "policeman", okay?
"Policiman"...
Inspector...!
(wringing his neck)
So much for that.
The point is that he died while playing.
Yes, from what the customers in the vicinity say..,
there was no one suspicious hanging around the arcade.
And it doesn't look like Mr. Bito was drinking or eating anything while he was playing.
Therefore, we can conclude that it was not a suicide.
But what is it, this whole set-up?
It looks like something out of a science fiction movie.
It is a virtual reality game.
The damage inflicted by the opponent is transmitted to the player
while the character on the screen receives the impact.
The player being hit?
Yes.
And furthermore, if the opponent hits him?
or kicks him above his guard,
being a slight sensation in the arms and in the legs
as if he's actually fighting.
Wait a minute.
Don't tell me he's been killed by....
If he's been hit hard, it's possible he couldn't resist it.
Uh... Uh... (Lotus) No, that's impossible for him to pass.
(Lotus) No, that can't possibly happen.
What you feel is a slight vibration,
like a cell phone might produce.
You can't kill a person with such a little thing, can you?
Hey, who are you?
I'm the person this guy was playing with before he died.
I thought I'd better get closer
before he made me look like the killer.
Besides, I don't like admitting it,
but he was giving me a monumental beating.
My attacks only connected 2 or 3 times.
I chewed gum to help me find my rhythm,
but it didn't do me any good.
Is this true?
Yes.
Look..., it seemed to me that he was receiving a barrage of blows.
So, what we don't know is the cause of death.
Yes.
Specifically, we can't see any external injuries.
And it can't be poison? Huh?
He appears to have died of asphyxiation,
but there's no mark on her neck to suggest she was strangled.
It could be a poison thing, couldn't it?
But, Conan, this man died suddenly while playing a game.
And we have nothing to indicate whether he ate or drank anything.
If he had been poisoned before the game started,
he would have turned pale or would have been unwell.
Did he seem weakened to you?
Uh, no.
Not particularly.
Before his last game, he beat up Ran.
But the poison could have been injected with a syringe.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
If someone had tried to do that to him, he would have reacted!
The people around him would have noticed right away.
Mmm... You're right, I have!
But, inspector, aren't you forgetting something?
Now, all the machines are turned off and everything is quiet,
but usually this place is full of noises of all kinds.
You are unable to feel yourself when you talk!
And your arms and legs are tied to the machine.
On the other hand, the game rooms are half in semi-darkness?
because the screens look good.
Indeed, the victim was practically helpless,
and even if he had called out, the noise would have drowned out his voice.
And what's more, in the middle of the room,
with a good portion of the customers watching the monitor,
it's quite possible that she could have been poisoned.
We are taking the body to the coroner's office for an autopsy!
First we will determine the cause of death!
(At the same time) Yes, sir!
Now we will see who the suspects are.
The key is to determine
which of these 30 people were close to him at the time.
I can tell you that you have approached the man who has died, Inspector!
It's just that we were sitting next to him

until the moment he died.
We watched Miss Jody, who was playing a racing video game.
Hey, who's that, the people who came over?
This guy who works here. Hey?!
This tall guy.
And then, the 4 of us.
All in all, 6 people.
Isn't that right, Miss Jody?
Oh, yes!
But this boy isn't the only one who's seen it all!
(At the same time) Eh?
She's seen it too.
A security camera!
By any chance..., could it all be recorded with this camera?
Yes.
Can we look at the tape along with these 6 people right now?
Uh, yes.
Come on...
Follow me... Please come along, too.
(Grazing object: fru-fru)
(Thinking) "What the hell...? What is it, this little noise?!"
"It's like something metal..."
"It's like a friction."
"What is it?"
(Sonoko) Ah, here!
It's right here!
The man who has died has sat down in this game right at this very moment!
See that practically makes us out of site?
This is Mr. Dejima, isn't it?
What was he doing here?
He was collecting the coins inside the machine.
Because it was already full.
Ah...
Eh?
Now Mr. Shimizu.
Looks like they had a conversation.
What were they talking about?
Before we started playing,
I tried to get him to tell me the strategy he would use.
But it was no use.
What about that?
He harvested some soil.
I dropped the lighter on the ground, and harvested it.
And then they start playing games.
Inspector!
Look at Dejima!
He's got something in his hand!
A camera... video camera.
Yes, it was a fantastic game and I wanted to... record it.
Hey, don't I know you from somewhere else, you?
No, you must have me confused with someone else.
Of course, you're right.
It's really exceptional.
Hit after hit...
Ran, you guys have left the racing game mid-game.
Yes, because there's been an impressive barrage of blows.
This means that Miss Jody has been left alone for a few moments.
Oh!
But she was so into the game that she wasn't into anything else!
I didn't even notice them leaving.
But you don't have anyone to testify to that, do you?
It's true, the lady has been playing the whole time.
When we approached the other game, she reached the finish line...
and she had the highest score in the ranking.
In this case, she's innocent.
This racing game is not easy at all.
No one would get the highest score,
unless he was concentrating and had his hands glued to the wheel.
So who killed him?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Who is it, the man who came out from behind the victim?!
May I know who the hell is this man?!
Isn't this the man who was playing mahjong?!
Yes!
It's the man who was badmouthing the man who died!
What?!
Bring this man to me right now!
Yes, sir!
(Thinking) "From the state of the body,
"I'm absolutely certain he's been murdered."
"This is what makes this person more suspicious.
"And I'm sure the proof is in there."
"Then we have the needle or hypodermic syringe."
"We haven't found any of that on the floor."
"I doubt the killer still has it on him, it would be impossible."
"Where is it? Where has the murder weapon been hidden, the killer?"
The poison was injected into the inside of his right forearm, wasn't it?
I appeared on his left.
Congratulations!
That's an excellent story.
But I'm sorry to tell you that this is all a trap.
That woman was the only one playing with the racing game next to him.
(Sonoko voice) Haven't you noticed?
Every time she walks you feel some kind of strange metallic noise.
And the next Conan:
"The Fighting Game Trap, (Part Two)".
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

