Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Fate is also a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today, an impossible crime in a fighting game.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Off) "We went to an arcade, to take some funny pictures.
"And we found the high school English teacher.
"Passionately playing an action video game."
"Heeding her insistence, the Ran tried out a fighting game,
"But in Kengo Bito, a very skilled player, beat him up."
"But during the game with his opponent next,
"Mr. Bito was murdered!"
"There were 4 suspects:
"In Takayasu Shimizu, his opponent in the game."
"On Hitoshi Dejima, an employee of the arcade."
"On Toshitsugu emoria, a cab driver."
"And finally, Miss Jody."
(Think) "From the state of the body, I'm sure he's been murdered."
"This is what makes that person more suspicious.
"And I'm sure the evidence is in there."
"Next, we have the needle or hypodermic syringe."
"We haven't found any of that on the floor."
"I doubt the killer still has it on him, it would be impossible."
"Where is it, where has the murder weapon been hidden, the killer?"
THE FIGHTING GAME TRAP, (PART TWO).
I harvested a 100 yen coin.
I was going to buy a can at the soft drink machine
and I dropped the change on the floor.
Granted, he was a despicable man,
but I respected his gambling skills.
(Shimizu) And I believe that.
You made a mistake in a racing game and it made a fool of you.
Is this true?
Of course it is!
I was shouting, "Don't get in the cab of this maniac, if you don't want to die!"
Well, you had a much more important reason to kill him than I did.
After all, he was your dear little sister's boyfriend.
The sister's boyfriend?
He and his sister lived together,
or to be more exact, he was a parasite living off her.
But I guess he has no complaints,
her brother is also a gambler.
And you, you wished he would disappear from your life, didn't you?
What do you mean?
Until 6 months ago, this boy was known as "Beika's fighter".
He had earned recognition.
But ever since that kid came in and destroyed him,
he's fallen off the map.
Who would have thought he'd change his hairstyle
and that he'd be working in this room part-time?
Inspector Megre, they found poison in the victim's blood.
What? The name of the poison is tetrodotoxin.
It entered the inside of the right forearm,
and penetrated all the way to the artery.
Te-tetrodotoxin, that's it.... (thinks) "Pufferfish venom!"
tetrodotoxin,
commonly known as TTX.
It's a very potent poison.
0.5 to 1 milligram can cause instant death.
A dose 500 times smaller than the lethal dose of potassium cyanide.
It is a poison often found in pufferfish.
When ingested, the survival rate is very high.
But when it is introduced directly into the bloodstream,
paralysis occurs and that's the end.
But, Miss!
(American accent) A friend who is a doctor told me about it!
He told me not to eat pufferfish!
"I knew it. I just need to find out where he hid the murder weapon."
Let's go back to the crime scene and check everything again.
(Takagi) Yes! Please come with us!
(All) Yes.
(Metal object: fru-fru)
(Takagi) "Eh? (Takagi) Again? That noise again."
"What's making it?" (Fru-fru)
Hey, excuse me, your shoelace is untied!
Ah, thank you very much, my boy.
You're welcome.
If it fell to the ground, though it would take badly.

"It is that person, that person has poisoned in Bito."
"He has relied on the characteristics of the machines to assassinate him."
"But something doesn't fit."
"Why did he risk doing that in front of the police?"
Conan, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Conan, what's the problem?
Come on, hurry up.
Yes!
Inspector, we've searched the floor from top to bottom,
but we haven't found anything that looks like a needle or a weapon.
Hm... According to the surveillance camera..,
none of the suspects have left this space;
so we'll have to search more thoroughly.
It's quite possible that the killer still has the gun on him.
Yes.
Listen, we'll take you to another room...
so that we can question you more calmly.
As far as I'm concerned, you can examine and ask whatever you want..,
but investigating me you're making a big mistake.
He has died while playing against me.
I have had no chance to poison him.
And I can say the same.
I have only approached in Bito before the game started,
when I went to take the coins out of the machine.
If you want to look at someone, register Mr. emoria,
who harvested some coins from the ground, next to Bito, while he was playing.
And this woman was the only one playing with the racing game.
Wait a moment!
Didn't I tell you before?
Miss Jody has not left the game at any time.
Hasn't she?
Yes!
I'm sure she did!
Besides, we were able to verify it when we examined what happened.
If she was sitting in that seat, you see ?,
she didn't have the seat next to her within reach.
There's no way she could have done it.
Then let me also say something.
The poison was injected into the inside of her right forearm.
I appeared on his left;
I couldn't stick anything in him.
Everybody please calm down.
It's just a formality, please cooperate...
(Knock)
(Knock) What?
What have you got, Sonoko?
(Sonoko voice) I see you're not getting it.
Mr. Inspector, I'm very disappointed in you.
The killer is before you, smiling like a cynic and you haven't noticed?
(Sonoko voice) What?
The point of entry of the poison is the inside of the right forearm,
and as Mr. Emoria said, he couldn't have done it,
because it was on the victim's left.
"We can also rule out Mr. Dejima,
"who only had contact before the start of the game,
"And then Mr. Shimizu has been talking to the victim."
"And it is impossible that she was killed by Miss Jody, who was playing,
"Or we, who were on the opposite side of the victim."
So, the only thing we're missing is....
Yes, we're down to one person.
Only you could have done it.
Yes.
We only have one person left.
Only you could have done it, Mr. Takayasu Shimizu!
You did it!
(laugh) Miss, you know what you say?
You've already seen the video, right?
Everyone saw that he beat me up.
How the heck could he poison me, in the middle of the game?
(laughs) Don't play innocent.
Now you'll see how easy it is to prove it.
What a ?!
Ran and Inspector Takagi!
I'm sorry to ask you, but can you make a match with that game?
This way, we'll know the answer right away.
(Conan voice) That's all.
Inspector, just a moment.
You'll let a little high school girl give orders to the police?
(Conan voice) Take it easy.
Maybe she doesn't know it, but Sonoko is very smart.
(Bell: dong) Oh, it has already started!
(Machine: male voice) "Fight!"
Oh!
The girl gets a good beating!
What a wild cop!
Hey, Takagi, don't be too hard on her.
(Machine: male voice) Please.
(People) Oooooooooh!
- (dong, dong, dong) - (machine) "K.O!"
What a pity, he has beaten the girl.
Poor things!
Ta-Takagi!
I know you're a bad loser, but this is way past your size!
Don't you think... Eh?
Sonoko asked me to tell Inspector Takagi what to do.
She asked him to choose the girl's character,
to be blindfolded and not do anything during the game!
Then, the one who was carrying the other character was....
He was carrying me.
Sonoko asked me to do it.
Right, Conan?
Hmm.
That means...

(Sonoko voice) Exactly.
A preconceived idea.
Everyone assumed that Ran was carrying the female character.
But it was the opposite.
The same thing happened before.
"The viewers had thought that in Bito is Beika's shiso.
"And Mr. Shimizu is Haido's lutu."
This game does not have any system, of the several that exist,
that allows one to know, by looking at the monitor, which character they are playing.
No one could know that they had switched characters.
You say that before starting the fight there was already....
Yes, Shimizu had already injected the poison with a needle...
and he was already practically dead.
Or perhaps he had lost consciousness from the effects of the poison.
Tetrodotoxin causes paralysis throughout the body,
and even if Bito had been alive during the game,
it would have been very difficult for him to get up.
But if it had been this way,
the people around would have realized that something was wrong!
No, on the contrary, they didn't notice.
I have been doing nothing during the whole game,
but my legs and arms were moving, because of the mechanism of the game.
Unless someone had been paying close attention, it must have looked like I was playing.
These restraints have kept Bito's body immobile,
and prevented him from falling.
In other words, Mr. Shimizu did it.
"Before the game started, he went to where Bito was,
"and stuck the poisoned needle into the inside of his forearm."
"While in Bito struggled, he finished his game,
"And then he started a new game
"With a new character, en Bito's shiso."
Then, he had only to unload a series of blows...
against the immobile opponent
and everyone would think he was beating him up.
Why didn't he deliver the punch at the end?
Because if he had and someone had gone to where he was in Bito,
he would have seen the "you lost" sign on the victim's screen,
when he was supposed to have won.
But if they tied,
after two screens, "draw" would appear on both screens.
And immediately afterwards, "end of game".
So you wouldn't know what had been used on Bito.
And what do you have to tell me about the weapon?
If what you say is true, it must be somewhere.
Where is it, this poisoned needle or this syringe?
That's why I want you to search it.
(Rio) Search all you want,
but if you don't find anything, it won't stay that way.
Of course they won't find anything!
Eh?
Because you no longer carry the murder weapon.
But you haven't realized that there is something that has insisted on following you.
Mm?
What do you mean?
Mr. Dejima, can you come here for a moment?
Yes, sure...
(Metal object: fru-fru)
What do you want?
That's it, you can leave now.
What is it?
Ah..., yes.
What's all this about?
Haven't you noticed, Inspector?
Every time you walk, there's some kind of strange metallic noise.
What's that?
What?
Eh-eh... It's... on the bottom of your shoes!
(Sonoko voice) Yes..., exactly.
"In Shimizu has put the poisoned needle inside a cigarette,
"stuck a piece of gum on it and put it on top of a piece of paper."
Then he dropped it on the floor.
Then, some bystander at the game would step on it....
and in this way he would take the proof somewhere else!
He has done it when he has bent down....
"To harvest the lighter he had dropped."
"Once he stepped on the cigarette with the sole,
"The person wouldn't notice anything."
And even if he did notice,
he would think that cigarette was just a piece of junk.
So he would pull it out of his shoe and throw it away.
We'll just have to trust in Mr. Shimizu's good heart...
and believe that he has cleaned the poison out of the needle.
He has prepared the cigarette assembly before the crime,
probably the sink in this game room.
"All he had to do was fold the paper and put it all in the cigarette pack."
That way it wouldn't look suspicious when he removed it.
If we find the prints on the cigarette and on this paper,
it will be definitive proof.
(River) Books
You have told an excellent story.
But I'm sorry to tell you that this is all a trap.
Neither the gum nor the cigarette is not the brand I use.
You see?
This is true!

Yes.
I'm sure someone wanted to pin this crime on me!
Everyone knows that I chew gum while I play to control the rhythm,
it was even published in the magazine.
Look at this, if you don't believe me!
You won't find my fingerprints anywhere.
Sure..., now I understand everything!
I've been racking my brain the whole time.
I couldn't understand how I was chewing gum in front of the police
when I had used gum to hide the murder weapon!
I'm sure that to hide the murder weapon he had used gum
and someone else's cigarette!
He chewed gum in front of the police
because if they found the needle, he could give the excuse he just said.
To get away with it, he used the preconceived idea...
that no criminal is deliberately not framed.
But couldn't there have been any fingerprints left while the victim was being pricked?
Not if he put the cigarette between his fingers.
Then he would leave neither fingerprints nor palm prints.
"This very thing!"
"If he pushed on the base of the packet, the cigarette with the needle would come out.....
"And he could pull it out of the packet without leaving a fingerprint on the work."
But... what if it was on a coin?
Mr. Dejima, can you open the coin box of this machine?
Yes, from... right away.
If your story is true, there should be two coins inside.
Because Mr. Dejima has emptied it before Bito started to play.
But, instead, I am convinced that there are 3 coins in there!
Eh ?!
It's true!
There are 3, inspector!
Now I understand.
One of these coins is the one you put in Bito in the first place.
The other is the coin from the game that Inspector Takagi played earlier.
And the other one is the one from the new game that the killer has started
to make the set-up.
That's right!
Mr. Shimizu, your fingerprints must be on this coin.
But we can't know that until we analyze it.
Of course we can.
They've collected the coins before Mr. Shimizu came.
"He probably thought...
"That if they found his fingerprints in the middle of a pile of coins,
"this couldn't incriminate him."
And unless he didn't wear gloves..,
he couldn't pick up his coin without leaving prints.
My fingerprints are on the coin.
Yes sirs, I had gripped that 100 yen coin tightly.
Because I had decided to play my last game.
The last game?
Yes ..,
because I had decided to say goodbye forever to that man and in that game.
I wanted to do it for my sister's sake.
-She is now in the hospital, almost blind. Almost blind?
Do you know why she is in this state?
Vitamin E deficiency from malnutrition.
Ha-ha-ha.
Unthinkable in this century, isn't it?
That man's gambling debts were so high
that my little sister was working her ass off
trying to repay those debts and barely ate anything.
But she didn't want to break up with him.
I don't know how she could make matches with a man of this racket.
Because she told me that if I was able to win a single game from him
then I would leave my sister.
"I practiced and became quite good.
"Because they call me the 'lutu of Haido,'"
but I couldn't win it.
Is that why you murdered her?
Yes..., but you know what, inspector?
Now I regret it.
I've destroyed my chance to defeat manos en shiso,
that invincible character I wore.
Didn't I tell you, when my father came last week?
My father's name is Kogoro Mouri and he works as a detective.
-Aaaaaaah! -(brittle)
Sorry, is it broken?
No, the cup is fine.
So what was it, this noise?
And the next Conan:
"Murder in the pottery class, (part one)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

