Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Fate is also a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today, it's the turn of the ceramics class.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

THE MURDER IN THE POTTERY CLASS, (PART ONE)
Hey, Ran!
Look at this!
Surprise!
"Kyoku... Shin...?"
Don't tell me you've started doing karate.
Look closely!
Can't you see it says "Makoto Kyogoku"?
Just kidding!
It's the teacup you made in ceramics class, isn't it?
Donkey.
But, Sonoko...
don't you think it's a bit small, for you to send it to Kyogoku?
Yes, because this is my cup.
Kyogoku's is this one!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Thinking) "Oh, my lord..."
Why did you put your name?
Because the boy I love is under the sky of a foreign country far away!
The only thing I can do to make him remember me...
is to make those long distance calls to him...
Ah...
That's when this mug I've made comes on the scene!
So he won't forget me, don't you think?
But, Sonoko, didn't you send her that sweater from the department store?
The one you're going to buy.
Ah, I changed my mind.
Like you told me, it's not right to cheat him.
And even if I had made it myself, I'd only wear it in winter.
But a cup of tea, he can wear it every day.
Yes, it's true...
Also, there's something that worries me....
As in Kyogoku is very kind,
some of those who are touched by the mushroom may jump on her and take advantage of it.
It may happen that, to a widow who is lonely...,
he says a few kind words to her and she starts harassing him.
(Woman: SOMICA) What a ruthless person.
To leave such a beautiful woman like you a widow to pay for your sins.
Young detective...
Madam.
If you want, you can cry in my arms.
No way, madam.
Young detective, I..., I...
But, madam...
Ran.
Ran, what's wrong?
Hey, Sonoko!
You do pottery classes every Sunday, right?
Uh, yeah, we do them on Sunday.
Why do you say that?
Are you interested in them too?
Yes, rather yes.
(Man) Wow, you have good hands, for pottery!
Master Muneyuki!
But these letters have spoiled a very nice cup.
What do they mean, what do they say?
Ah, nothing... They don't mean anything in particular.
I get it.
Keep up the good work.
Let's see?
What did you write? It's a secret, a secret.
Don't tell me you wrote "I love you, Shinichi".
Of course I didn't!
Then let me see!
I don't love you!
Little boy, what are you doing here?
Well... I'm not doing anything.
Have you come with a student?
Attention, please!
Does anyone know this boy?
Co-Conan!
(At the same time) Eeeeeh?
Why did you come here? He-he-he...
Don't tell me you followed us.
Kogoro asked me to come and see how everything was going....
Strange, he already came to see what the place was like.
It's just that... I wanted to say that...
(laughs) I got it!
It was Shinichi!
Eh ?!
He came to see what we were doing because Shinichi asked him to!
He wants to know that you don't do the jump! Make him jump?
No, that's not true!
Shinichi would never do a silly thing like that!
He-he...
You look like he gave you some money to find out!
How much did he give you?
100 yen?
200 yen?
(Think) "What a pittance..."
Well, it doesn't matter.
Since you've come, do you want to make some pottery?
Don't you do anything, professor?
Then I'll show you how to work it.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
Oh!
Virgin!
Have you met the famous master Kikuemon?
Hmm.
His disciples taught me color techniques and all that stuff.
Didn't they, Ran?
Now I get it.

That is why you learn things so quickly.
You have met a great teacher who is a living national treasure!
Not exactly.
He asked my father to go to see him.
But there was a murder when they were there,
and your father solved the case brilliantly!
He did?
Solved it?
So...
Didn't I tell you, when my father came here last week?
My father's name is Kogoro Mouri and he works as a detective.
Oh!
Yes, I know him, I know him.
It's that "Sleeping Kogoro"!
-What a thrill! -Let's see if he comes back another day.
(Man) Gee, we're in high spirits!
-Ah, Motoo, you're back.
-Yes, right away.
Now I'll go change my clothes and come down to help you, Father.
Uh, yes... Thank you.
What is it?
A life insurance?
He made you take one out?
Yeah, my father-in-law had been a real pain in the ass...
telling me to have one made in case something happened.
They say that many years ago he was a very talented ceramist,
and that he was considered "the hope for the future of ceramics,"
but since his daughter died in an accident he's been an old drunk.
Apa, Motoo, you are too hard on your beloved wife's father.
Beloved wife?
And what else?
He wanted to divorce me
when she would have made a fortune selling the old man's pottery,
but she couldn't think of anything better to do than to kill her.
Anyway, the master won't live that long either.
Yes, when he dies,
we'll stop doing these courses and open a store.
If we sell the pieces that have been sleeping in storage for years,
we will collect a good amount.
And who is the beneficiary of your insurance policy?
Needless to say, it's you.
You've always been my only wife: in the past, and now too.
(laughs) What a joy!
So you don't mind dying to pay my debts?
(Laughs)
- (Motoo) Careful, you're choking me... (laughs)
-Father-father...! - (Motoo) Master!
Kikuyo, you were here.
I'm going to see how the batch is doing, take care of the students, please.
Yes.
Ah, are you wearing a new tie?
Yes, last night Kikuyo gave it to me for my birthday.
I told her that beige doesn't suit me, but look...
No, and now.
It looks very nice on you, around your neck...
(Sonoko) Come on, Ran!
Let me see the cup!
I said no!
But everyone will see it when we put it in the oven!
No!
(Sonoko) Oh!
- (brittle) -Aaaaah!
Sorry, is it broken?
No, the cup is fine.
Then what was it, this noise?
Wasn't it coming from the storeroom?
I'm going to see what's going on.
Eh, yes...
If you look at it, you're no longer my friend!
Yeah, okay, girl!
Eh?
Me-master Muneyuki!
Sorry, it just slipped out of my hand and I dropped a plate.
I'm sorry to ask you, but can you clean this up?
Yes.
Oh, OSPA!
Did anything happen to you, master?
It seems that there was something mixed with the clay...
A piece of the plate I dropped must have stuck to my clothes.
I'll go get the first aid kit.
Do you know where it is?
Yes.
It's on the top shelf on the right, in the storeroom.
Yes, this... Well, look for it, hurry up.
Holy Virgin!
You must be careful.
For a ceramist, fingers are as important as his life.
-Oh... I have nothing on my face? -No, nothing's wrong...
By the way, I haven't seen Motoo in class.
Now that you mention it, he wasn't there before either.
Hey, Motoo! Mr. Motoo!
He's not in the oven either.
That's strange, this is the only warehouse where we haven't looked.
There's no way it could be in here.
The only place it could be hiding is in this closet,
and before, when I came to look for the first aid kit, it was open,
y... there was no one inside.
The bottom... of the cabinet... A piece of clothing comes out.
Isn't it one of the aprons you use in class?
Yes, it has the same pattern as the ones we wear.
Wow!
This one, like the ostrich, hides its head, but it's left with its ass in the air.
No more hide-and-seek games, Motoo! -Wait.
I'll open it.
(Students) Oooooooooh!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Motoo!
Motoo, what happened to you?!
Motoo!
You have to resist!
Motoo!
Somebody call an ambulance!
Hurry up!
Yes!
And I think... you should also call the police.

Hey!
Hurry up!
Yes!
Motoo!
Motoo!
The murder victim is Motoo Mino, 31 years old, administrative.
Could you tell me if he was also one of your students, teacher?
No.
No, this is his house.
He was the husband of my daughter, who died two years ago.
I understand... So...
I am Muneyuki Mino and I run this pottery course.
This is Kikuyo Kasama, my assistant.
Please explain to me what the victim has been doing since she arrived.
She arrived at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, as usual.
She told me she was going to put on her apron to help me in class.
But when he didn't show up, we split up to look for him.
Right, Kikuyo?
Yes, this storehouse is the only place where we hadn't looked...,
and when Mr. Muneyuki opened the cabinet...
the body... the body of Motoo...
(Cries)
I'm surprised he found it here.
You were not playing hide-and-seek.
Who would imagine that it was in the closet?
It was very obvious.
The apron was coming out of the closet.
Wasn't it, Ran? Yes.
An apron?
Yes, it was outside.
A piece of the apron was sticking out of the bottom of the right flap.
How long had it been sticking out?
We don't know.
Now that you mention it...
When I was picking up the pieces of the broken plate,
it wasn't sticking out of the door yet.
When did the plate break?
I accidentally dropped a plate in front of that cabinet.
When they felt the breakage,
the students came and picked it up.
I guess I dropped it
after Motoo put on her apron and came out of the storage room.
What?
You were together in this warehouse?
Yes.
We have the aprons in this closet,
that's why he always changed his clothes in this warehouse.
See?
There's his jacket hanging there.
Apart from the jacket, there are gowns in here.
Why do you use them?
For the students to use.
When we make big vases,
an apron isn't enough, to keep them from getting dirty.
I know... But I wonder what the victim was doing here.
When I was looking for the Kikuyo,
I happened to find it on her and Motoo in this store.
Is this true? Yes.
He was helping Motoo to change.
Afterwards, the teacher came and told me to take care of the students
because he was going to watch the batch.
And what did you do then? I went back to class.
So, Mr. Muneyuki,
you were alone with the victim for a while, right?
Eh... Wait a minute!
Inspector, now don't tell me you suspect me.
I have already told you:
in Motoo has left this warehouse before the plate has fallen on me.
If at that moment I had killed her and put her in the cupboard,
the students who came would have noticed that the apron came out.
Maybe the apron got caught when you came a second time.
when you came in a second time
after the students had finished cleaning the workshop.
I don't think so, inspector.
While we were cleaning up, the teacher went to look at the batch,
and then when we went back to class, Master Muneyuki was already there.
After that, he has always been by Conan's side working.
Right, Conan?
Conan! Ah, yes...
The teacher has been with us until the body was found.
He wouldn't have had time to put it inside the closet.
I see what you mean.
That is to say, the murderer had the victim brought to the warehouse...
after he'd cleaned her up,
and then killed her and hid it.
Or, the murder was committed elsewhere in the workshop...
and then the body was brought here.
Come to think of it, it's quite possible that the Kikuyo saw the murderer.
I cut my finger while I was working and Kikuyo went to the storeroom to get the first aid kit.
to get the first aid kit.
It was a little bit before we went to look in Motoo, and maybe....
-Did you see anyone?
-No, no one.
Where do they usually keep it, the first aid kit?
On the top right shelf of this cabinet.
Eh?
So, you say you opened the cabinet?
Yes, but there was no one inside.
That's the truth.
Inspector!
After examining the traces left on the victim's neck,
we have seen that the murder weapon is the tie he was wearing.
Hm... But it's strange...

How did they do it, to put the tie around his neck?
And this is a gift from the Kikuyo for my son-in-law's birthday.
I didn't give him this tie!
What?
But he told me before that it was a gift from you.
What is the meaning of this?
He told me he didn't know where it came from.
He had found it in his wallet with a card.
He thought I had given it to him and he didn't admit it because he was shy.
Now that you mention it,
in Motoo he whispered something, when he came out of the store.
He said that people turn people... into monsters,
and that even though he had just celebrated the anniversary,
he would be eaten by a monster.
That he would be eaten by a monster?
If you want me to tell you the truth.
I want to talk to you about that.
Okay, then.
Takagi, check right away!
Excuse me, do you have a pen or something to write with?
-I'm out of ink.
-Eh, yes...
I'll get one myself.
I must have some in the class.
Are these scissors?
What's that?
The policeman asked for a pen,
how come he takes a pair of scissors?
Ah, yes, that's right...
Can you take a look at this piece, please?
It's my mug!
It will be right away, won't it?
Wow..., I can tell you like ceramics, boy.
I like it a lot!
It happens to me like the gentleman who died:
I don't like things to be half done.
A... half-finished?
So you haven't noticed?
The sleeves of the shirt are rolled up,
but one is longer than the other.
It looks as if the killer attacked her just as she was changing
and put on her apron to help the class.
But, but, man...,
maybe one sleeve may have been pulled down when she struggled with the killer.
Oh, that's right!
Then the killer must have stretched his tie!
The... tie?
I say that because the needle of the tie was too low!
And from pulling it, the hole has also gotten bigger.
But be that as it may, the needle of the tie was too low.
Surely, he liked to wear it this way.
And maybe he liked to wear one sleeve longer than the other, too.
You put one to his left and the other to his right.
When Mr. Motoo fell, you were on the left,
but you deliberately put yourself on his right,
"And then he started screaming."
You were planning to fix the sleeves
and leave the left the same length as the right, didn't you?
"Besides, the apron was sticking out of the right doorjamb."
"The most natural thing, then, would have been to open only this swing,
"But you opened both of them."
I-I guess you're right.
It wouldn't have seemed natural not to open them both at the same time.
That's it!
My cup of tea!
It turned out very well, didn't it?
Yes, you've done a good job.
But, my boy, you seem to have some doubt in your heart.
You're either hiding a really serious secret
or else you have a very important but dangerous decision to make.
What do you say?
Did I hit the bull's eye?
Pottery never lies.
You are a great master.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
I think you should settle your business
before sticking your nose in other people's business.
But it's just that... this is the mug you have made, sir.
While you were busy looking for the pen in the drawer,
I brought your mug on this shift!
Funny, I thought I'd recognize it right away.
But if that's your mug, it means....
it means you have something to hide.
Because, listen, you're really hiding something...
Oi, maestro?
(Thinking) "If I were to find it..."
Ah!
Very well.
Thanks, kid!
"The tie... Ah, that's it!"
Miss Kikuyo, it seems you have debts worth 10 million.
Uh, yes... I found an apartment that suited me very well.
(Thinking) "I've finally found the detail!
"The proof that I would only leave a professional ceramist!"
And the next Conan:
"Murder in the pottery class (part two)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

