Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Fate is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today, a murder in the ceramics class.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

"The Ran decided to go to pottery classes..."
(Man) Geez, you have good hands, for pottery!
Master Mino!
Attention, please!
Does anyone know this child?
Why did you come here?
"...and I went to see what he was doing."
"In that class was the master ceramist Muneyuki Mino,
"and his assistant, Kikuyo Kasama."
"At that moment Motoo Mino, the master's son-in-law, arrived."
"But he suddenly disappeared."
(Master) This is the only warehouse where we haven't looked.
The part... under the closet.
A piece of clothing comes out.
Isn't it one of the aprons you use in class?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
-Motoo!
Motoo, what happened to you? -You have to resist!
Motoo!
Motoo!
Motoo!
(Thinking) "I know for sure who has killed Motoo, but..."
That's it!
My cup of tea!
It turned out very well, didn't it?
Yes, you've done a good job.
But, my boy, you seem to have some doubt in your heart, don't you?
You're also hiding a really serious secret
or you have to make a very important but dangerous decision.
What do you say?
Did I hit the bull's eye?
Pottery never lies.
You are a great master.
(laughs) I think you should settle your business...
before you stick your nose in other people's business, man.
But it's just that... this is the cup you made, sir.
What a ?!
While you were busy looking for the pen in the drawer,
I've been carrying your mug this shift!
Funny, I thought I would recognize it right away!
But if that's your mug, that means....
it means that you have something to hide.
Because, listen, you're really hiding something.
Oi, maestro?
THE MURDER OF THE POTTERY CLASS, (SECOND PART)
(Thinking) "Ah, this little boy..."
(Man) Hey...
Have you found a pen?
Ah, yes.
Here you are.
Do you mind if you sit on this board to write something down?
-Of course I do.
Do, do.
-Thank you, that's very kind of you.
Well, now go back to the storeroom where the inspector is, please.
Yes.
(Thinking) "I have no doubt. The murderer is Master Mino."
"I understand how he has fabricated a false alibi,
"But he has hidden it.
"Taking advantage of the fact that we got lost when we saw the corpse."
"I saw him taking the scissors, so he didn't destroy the evidence."
"Surely it has to be somewhere or other."
"If he were to find..."
"And the killer still hasn't figured out one thing."
"I think..."
Ah!
Thanks a lot, kid!
(thinks) "The tie!"
"That's it!"
"I've found it! I've finally found the detail!"
"The proof that I would only let....
"...a professional ceramist!"
(Takagi) Inspector Megre!
We have the details! We do?
Actually, he's not the only one we've heard about.
I get it.
So, debts... Eh?
Miss Kikuyo, it seems you have debts worth 10 million.
Uh, yes... I found an apartment that suits me very well.
What's wrong?
No.
I just thought it was interesting.
The late Mr. Mino took out an insurance policy last week.
and you just happen to be the beneficiary.
Precisely, it's worth 10 million yen.
Also, immediately before the victim was found in the closet,
you came here to look for the first aid kit,
in this very cabinet.
If you were not the one who murdered her, the body should be found.
I have already told you!
I opened the cabinet, but there was no one inside!

For starters, it took me less than a minute to come back with the first aid kit.
I could not kill him and hide it in the closet in such a short time.
According to witnesses, when the teacher took a bad breath...,
you immediately offered to go and get the first-aid kit, right?
Yes, then you already had Mr. Motoo hidden inside the cabinet.
You may have gone to look for the first aid kit
in order to delay the moment when the body was found,
and when you opened the cabinet,
one of the ends of the apron he was wearing was left out.
It's ridiculous!
I am not a murderer!
(Teacher) Don't lie, Kikuyo.
I saw you a while ago.
When I went into the storehouse earlier to look for you,
I saw you squeezing Motoo's neck.
What did you say?
Is this true?
Yes.
He told me that he helped Motoo to change clothes,
but it didn't seem like a step to me.
Oh!
That was just a joke!
-We'll talk to the commissary. One moment, gentlemen!
Do not run so much!
(malicious laughter)
Hmm? (laughs)
What's the matter, Inspector?
You know, every time we go to talk to the suspect,
all of a sudden a strange voice comes out that... starts going all axe and uis.
Ah, you mean detective Mouri, right?
Well, you can rest easy today, because he didn't show up.
Ah, yes, that's right!
(Sonoko) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.... What's up, Sonoko?!
By the way, she does it too!
(Sonoko voice) You should know, Inspector Megre...,
that you've been boring me for quite some time now.
Why do you say that?
That you haven't noticed?
The victim's sleeves were rolled up
with long ones.
Can't you see that this means she was attacked
while she was preparing to help the class?
In this case, the killer must be that other person.
The other person?
Don't tell me that...?
Yes.
He entered the storage room when Kikuyo was helping Motoo change,
and forced Kikuyo to go back to the classroom
while the person in question stayed with the victim.
This person, without a doubt, is... teacher Muneyuki!
You are the murderer!
Ha-ha-ha!
Come on, Sonoko!
I've already seen that he had his sleeves rolled up like this,
but he has an alibi!
According to the Ran, when Mr. Muneyuki left the warehouse,
there was no piece of apron sticking out from under the door.
And, moreover, then he has been all the time with you.
Immediately before the body was found,
Miss Kikuyo opened the closet.
We still do not know if she is the murderer,
but if in Motoo it had been inside the closet,
she would have called, unless she was the murderer, of course.
Unless Mr. Muneyuki was a magician,
you couldn't put the body in the closet without using your hands.
In fact, he has done magic.
The master has used the Ran and the Kikuyo as assistants
and made the body appear in a closet that was supposed to be empty.
How?
In the Kikuyo and me?
Less theories and more proof!
When you see it you will understand right away!
Let's see, maybe I'll ask Inspector Takagi to be my assistant.
Eh?
Who, me?
Get started!
I've left him a closet without ties or fixes.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Please check that nothing is sticking out of the closet.
Yes, nothing is sticking out.
Ara opens the right hinge of the door.
It is already open.
You can see there's nothing inside, right? Yes, I don't see anything out of the ordinary.
Ah!
What?
There's a piece of cloth sticking out from under the door!
That's strange, I haven't seen this cloth anywhere before...
Ah!
It's true!
It's on the other side of the door!
That's right!
I asked the coroner and Conan to stick it on the door.
"I'm sure Mr. Muneyuki has glued a piece of apron...
"on the inside of the accordion door,
"and carefully closed it so that the end would be inside the cabinet."
"That way, if someone opened the door, the apron inside would be taut,
"And when he closed it, the piece of the apron would stick out."
The master has broken the plate in front of the cupboard expressly.
"And had the Ran pick up the pieces
"So that she could see that there was nothing sticking out of the cupboard,
"He has cut himself and made the Kikuyo go and get the medicine cabinet,

so she forced him to open the door and made the clothes stick out.
Now I understand!
That way, when the Ran picked up the broken pieces....
it would look like there was no corpse in the closet
and that someone had hidden it soon after!
But what if the Kikuyo had seen the piece of the apron
when she closed the cupboard door after taking the first aid kit?
I doubt that she would have looked at the bottom of the cupboard when an injured person was waiting for her.
when an injured person was waiting for her.
Hm... Anyway: where was he, the corpse, at that time?
The body must have fallen when they found it
Because it was leaning against the inside of the door.
Miss Kikuyo should have seen it when she took the first aid kit!
She'll find the answer when we open the door again.
Eh?
But this time both swing doors have to be opened at the same time.
They must be opened at the same time?
Aaaaaaaa! Oooh!
A mop!
When I opened it before, it was not inside the cabinet!
How do you understand this?
It's a very simple setup.
"I've tied a string to the end of the mop,
"and then I tied a knot at the other end of the string."
"I then ran the string over the top of the bar.
"The hanger on the right side
"And I hung it on the pole so that it was leaning forward."
"Then I pulled the head of the string over the left hinge...
"And I tightened it so that the knot would be held in place when I closed the door."
"In this way, even if the right hinge is opened,
"the mop is hidden by the clothing,
"And when both hinges are opened...
"The knot, which acts as a brake, is released and the mop falls."
The mop is in Motoo,
the string is his tie and the knot...
But... what do you say, now!
The needle of the tie!
Just the wood!
When you look at the tie he had around his neck,
it becomes more than obvious.
The reason why the needle was placed so low down
is because the length was just the right length to make this assembly possible.
"And the needle perforation has been made larger.
"Because the weight of en Motoo has strained the tie and deformed it!"
But someone would have noticed that the end of the tie was sticking out
from the top of the left-hand swing!
Not if they rolled it up
and put it between the door and the frame of the closet.
So when did you get that piece of apron back?
When the police arrived,
we didn't find anything that looked like it inside the cabinet.
Besides, Muneyuki discovered the body when you were all here, right?
He couldn't have retrieved it while you were all watching.
Yes, he could!
"When in Motoo has fallen, the master has put to the right side....
"And he started shouting to hide it."
"But he opened the door on the right
"And used his body to hide the piece of apron."
"Then he peeled off the tape and everything else."
"As you have seen, when the door is partially opened,
"the apron is hidden between the leaves of the door.
"which form a V shape,
"and when the door is fully opened, it sticks out on the left side."
Mr. Muneyuki has taken the piece and put it in his pocket.
Yes, I understand what you mean.
So, when we found that piece of clothing in his pockets....
Please, this is ridiculous.
Look, you can see for yourselves that I'm not wearing anything.
What does this mean, Sonoko?
Surely he must have hidden it in the sink or somewhere else
while he was examining the body, before the police arrived.
In the washroom?
Conan saw Mr. Muneyuki looking for a pair of scissors.
He was probably trying to cut him up into small pieces
and throw them down the toilet.
Takagi, check it out, quick!
Yes, sir!
I don't know what he found in the sink or what he stopped finding,
I'm not guilty.
No one has seen me hide anything.
Besides, no one could have made the set-up that the young lady explained.
It is totally absurd!
She is right.
Even if we found it,
the piece of apron has lost all value as evidence against you.
But unfortunately for you, Mr. Muneyuki,
there is still one solid piece of evidence that incriminates you in this murder.
What is it?
It is behind the tie that was around Mr. Motoo's neck.
This looks like... fingernail marks!

Exactly, that's probably from the clay...
that was left under the master's fingernails.
But it's not strange that it was left on the tie.
"At that time, the master was working alongside Conan."
"And, according to the position of the needle on the tie," he said,
"The tie was just the right length to keep the body suspended."
"The only way for the master to avoid leaving footprints
"Was to stretch the body tightly by the end of the tie."
But you made 2 mistakes.
The first mistake was not putting on gloves,
and the second, using that tie to leave the body hanging.
If you had put on gloves,
you could have used a string with a knot,
and she shouldn't have left any trace of her fingernails.
This is what gave her away.
Oh, yeah...if I had put on gloves,
it would have been like I was touching something dirty.
That tie was given to me by my daughter, God rest her soul,
with all her love.
She gave it to him for Christmas.
Then, the card congratulating him on his birthday...
and the tie she found in the bag yesterday...
I put it on him.
I knew he would think you had given it to him.
I decided to use it to avenge my daughter
and I wanted you to take all the blame.
I suspected something.
Oooh!
I started suspecting your relationship 2 years ago,
when my daughter was killed by a truck.
Just 3 days after Christmas.
"After her funeral,
"When I tidied my daughter's room, I found it."
"It was in the wastebasket, crumpled up with the box and everything."
"I thought maybe he'd gotten confused,
"and I went straight away to drive to him at the airport."
"I expected to see a man despondent over the loss of his wife,
"waiting for the flight to leave for the business trip he had to take."
"But what I found
"Was not a man who had just lost his wife."
"What I found was a cheat!"
"He hugged you and you laughed together."
Then I knew.
My daughter hadn't been run over:
she had realized the relationship she had with you and your husband
and threw herself in front of that vehicle to kill herself.
But I don't understand how she could have known that that tie was for Motoo.
Maybe he wanted to give it to you.
Have you thought about it, Master?
I knew it...
After all, she... told me.
Beige?
Isn't it too dull a color, by Motoo?
-I like beige;
besides, I want it to look more like you!
Beige is the color of clay!
It's your color, isn't it, father?
No, I guess it was my intuition as a father....
Mm ?!
What the fuck are you doing, kid?!
You fucking brat!
(Thinking) "One of those back 3 is on his side."
"But how could he make him understand?"
"How did he tell him where I was and that I was doing something suspicious?"
And the next Conan: "The Mysterious Traveler, (part one)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

