Koi wa thrill, shock, suspense mienai Chikara tayori ni...
DETECTIVE CONAN
Fate is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today's episode takes place inside a bus full of danger.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Watashi ga kanjiteita Toge o kimi ni no onaji...
you ni ataeteita no Kamo shirenakatta.
Nani ni kokoro o itamete nani ni obieteita no ka
ki ni ni mo tomezu motsureteku Futari no shinjitsu ni
mukiau no ga kowakatta!
This love is thrill, shock, suspense!
Mayoi o aoi kaze ni chirasou toshite
mo kakaekirezu ni ita yo Kono chisana Mune ni wa!
Kokoro no tobira tozasazu ni!
Tsuga and tone Susumu Arata na Fuan to Mayoi
o kakaeteshimaisou ni Natte moooooo!

(Jazz)

(Man) Did you see?
The customer has left with a face of joy... (laughs)
He doesn't know that tonight he's had his last drink.
(Rio) Oi, brother?
Brother?
Oh, and now that diva of the song comes out!
Every time I feel this woman sing,
her voice gives me goose bumps.
And besides, she's a very beautiful woman.
She's the kind of woman you like...
Here you are, gentlemen.
Two dry martinis.
On our diva.
Wow, that's very nice of her.
That's very kind of you.
Ah...
What the fuck are you doing?
I asked you... what the fuck... are you doing!
Vermot!
Oh!
I'M just kidding!
I was joking... I was joking.
It is not necessary that t'emprenyis, man.
I've only come to make a fuss
to certain men who's been raving about that diva.
Yes, but are you sure it's a good idea?
You're a famous actress and if we were seen with you...
Nothing will happen, don't worry.
The other customers are also enraptured by the diva of the song.
By the way..., have you found what you were looking for?
Well, well... no, I haven't found exactly what I was looking for yet.
Exactly what you were looking for?
Let's see if you can tell us where you are and what the hell you're doing.
It's no use.
It's nothing new, that.
This woman never reveals her secrets.
Gee, you get it?
A secret makes a woman woman woman.
A woman is only a woman when she has a secret to hide.
You're gonna make me puke.
By the way, let's not talk about me.
How are things with you?
Have you found the little kitty that got away yet?
Say.
No.
But it won't be long now.
My nose being the stench of a traitor wherever he hides.
When I find her, I'll show her what it's like to be truly afraid.
And I'll show that boy with her, too.
THE MYSTERIOUS TRAVELER, (PART ONE)
(Man: sneezes)
(Man) Aaaatxim!
(Speaker: woman) "Next stop, Beika, third district."
"In front of the Kodama Products Company."
- "Beika, third district." - (Acoustic signal: nobody-nong)
(Shinichi voice) Hey, Dr. Agasa,
are you sure you can go skiing, cold as you are?
Serves him right.
I told him to stop because he'd get cold,
but he spent the night watching the video on how to learn to ski.
What did you want him to do?
I'm the one who takes care of you!
An adult should set a good example to children.
But there he will have to go to sleep at the boarding house.
It is very important to take care of yourself, at the beginning of a cold.
You shouldn't be brave and go out.
Eh, yes...
(Think) "Now I don't know who is the child and who is the adult."
"Next stop, Beika Park. Next stop, Beika Park."
Children.
Now more passengers are getting on the bus.
Please sit down properly.
(At the same time) Eh?
Yes.
(sighs)
Wow, you look like you have to die of boredom.
You make such a sad face, when you know you won't see her for a few days.
Eeeeh?
Or rather... it makes you sad that you won't be able to meet them?
What the hell.
These travelers have nothing to do with me,
and there are children, in this small bus.
Who would want to meet them, now?
Coi!
What's that?
Is it one of the men in black?! No, it's not.
I can tell by... smell.
Everyone in the organization gives off that unpleasant odor.
Well, I don't find you to have a strange smell.
Will you stop talking nonsense?
If you had this sixth sense, when it happened in Pisco...
In fact..., I had my suspicions.

And why didn't you tell me anything, woman?
I wasn't entirely sure.
I had the feeling that there was a second person.
Yes, someone even worse than in Pisco.
I felt an aura that gave me goose bumps.
Oooooh...
Ku-Kudo, change seats with me.
Hide me...
Please!
(Think) "Haibara..."
Hello, Professor Araide!
Gee, you're on the bus too, group?
Yesterday we had our medical checkup at school!
Yes, I know.
Nothing wrong with you, with Professor Araide?
Hey, you didn't come to pass the medical checkup.
Ooh, do you have an appointment today, teacher?
Oops, no.
She's a teacher at Teitan High School.
In fact, I'm the doctor of this institute.
(American accent) Hi!
Boys and girls!
(American accent) Oh!
Cool, kid!
We meet again!
Do you know her?
Uh, yeah..., she's Ran's high school English teacher.
My name is Jody Saintemilion!
I have an appointment with Professor Araide
to go to the Icen Art Museum.
Oh no!
We just met at the bus stop.
Oh!
Don't embarrass a lady!
But it would complicate our lives
if strange rumors started spreading around the school!
Oh!
Yes!
That would be a problem!
(Genta) Look at it!
We haven't even hit the slopes yet
and those guys are already dressed in ski clothes!
(Mitsuhiko) How impatient.
I understand perfectly how they must feel.
(Mitsuhiko) Me too!
(Thinking) "Please..."
"What's gotten into them, to wear ski goggles in here? Eh?"
-Why don't we change like them? -What are you saying?
Don't you remember that we sent the luggage before leaving?
- (Genta) Oh, that's right! - (Mitsuhiko) You come out with some jokes!
Everybody freeze!
If you move, you're dead!
(Mitsuhiko) What's this?
(Think) "No! These people...!"
Everybody freeze!
If it moves, you're dead!
"But what's going on?! They're hijacking the bus!"
What the fuck?!
What the fuck?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What are you deaf?!
I said shut up!
Hey!
Hey... Yes...
First you'll close the front doors.
Yes...
Now, change the destination sign to "Out of Service"!
Yes.
And now... let's get this thing moving!
Drive into the city!
Yes!
Hurry up!
Listen to me!
When we stop at a traffic light, call the bus company!
Yes, sir.
Okay... Good lads.
Now you will take all the cell phones I have on me
and do me a favor and give them to me.
Don't hide them.
Because if you don't...
I'll see to it that you never make another call for the rest of your lives.
This is W-707... Kobayashi, W-707 Kobayashi.
The... the thing is...
We've just hijacked a bus from your company!
We just demanded something!
We want you to release Kunio Yajima, who is in prison!
Tell the police that if they don't, they will murder a commuter every hour!
We will call again in 20 minutes!
You have until then to finish everything!
(Thinking) "Kunio Yajima... Kunio Yajima..."
"He's one of the members of the robbery gang...
"Who last month planted a bomb and robbed a jewelry store."
"At that time, the only one they could arrest was Yajima, the leader."
"But the other 3 companions fled and have yet to be caught."
"Surely in Yajima it had been a jewelry broker."
"The rest of the gang must still have the jewelry.
"And they don't know what to do with it."
"That's why they're trying to free his head."
"Or maybe, the only one who knows where the jewels are is his head.
"And now they're trying to free it so they can get it back."
Hey, I'm talking to you!
The cell phone, come on!
Ah, excuse me... (coughs)
It's just that I don't have a cell phone.
Change!
What a depressing guy.
Hey, the old man next door!
What's that, that thing you're wearing in your ear?!
It's-it's a hearing aid.
When I was young, I had an ear condition, and now....
(chewing: nyem-nyem)
Hey, you!
Will you stop making noise?!
I can't do anything, I chew gum.
Besides, I don't know why I'm doing all this, they'll kick you out anyway.
You can back out and run away, though.

Okay, I will say no more.
I will say no more.
All right, all right.
You should have kept quiet from the beginning.
Aaah!
Aaah!
Eh?
Oooh!
(At the same time) Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh?
(At the same time) What happened?
Are you all right?
How can you...?
Coi de foreigner...
Yo-Jody!
Oooh!
Oh, I'M sorry!
Oh my god!
You had fallen down.
Are you Allright?
Y did not Meant that!
Y always wears Skirt and gets Coldy.
Stop it.
See your place!
It's very very exciting!
"Gee, boy. This teacher plays?"
"Let's leave it alone."
"When they look away, I'll use the miniature cell phone...
"And I'll explain to Megre what the situation is."
(Keys: beep-beep)
(Keys: beep-beep) Huh?
Oh.
What the hell are you doing, kid?!
You fucking brat!
If you take us for assholes again, things won't stay that way!
Give me that.
We'll save you.
"Shit, he took my cell phone."
Conan, are you okay?
"But it's strange. This kidnapper came straight at me."
"The seat covered me and he couldn't see me."
"This means they have an accomplice inside the bus!"
"Only one of these three could have seen what I was doing."
"But how could he make him understand?!"
"How did you tell him where I was and that I was doing something suspicious?"
"How could you let him know without anyone noticing?"
Sato here!
The hijacked bus is heading towards Takaido!
Approximate speed: 50 km / h!
This is Takagi to position E!
I see the hijacked bus!
2 suspects!
Both dressed in ski clothes!
Cap and sunglasses do not allow identification!
Looks like the 2 suspects armed with firearms!
What do you want us to do, inspector?
It is possible that the bus will pass through this area again.
Hold your positions! (Takagi) "Yes, sir!"
What a mess!
If all 2 are armed with guns, we can't afford any mistakes.
(Man) Inspector.
We've already received orders from above.
Our priority is to ensure the safety of the travelers.
The prisoner Kunio Yajima is to be released
following the kidnappers' requests.
I guess it's inevitable.
It seems that the suspects have already fired 2 shots inside the bus.
They are from that gang of robbers,
and among them is an explosives expert.
It is very possible that they are also carrying a bomb.
If they set off bombs in the city,
we'll have a major disaster.
But inspector, they're trapped like rats in there!
And it looks like the bus is moving through the city streets at random.
No, surely they have some kind of plan.
They want to throw the police off the scent with a smoke screen and make a run for it.
Yes, they have a plan.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
So... they've agreed to release in Yajima, eh?
Very good!
Tell en Yajima to call us here an hour when they release him.
As soon as we hear from him that he's in a safe place,
we'll release 3 hostages, for starters.
Watch out!
Better not do anything foolish.
(Think) "2 ski bags, side by side."
"Don't tell me they're...?"
You again?!
If you want to lose your life, I'll be glad to grant your wish.
Come on, boy, get up.
Quickly!
(At the same time) Co-Conan!
Leave it, please!
It was just a childish prank!
Besides, they'll do as they asked!
If no travelers are hurt, the plans won't work out as they had thought!
What do you think?
You insolent little beard.
Enough of this!
If a bullet is deflected and touches that, what will happen?!
Ah... Yes, that's right.
Well, come on, get back to your seats now!
Yes...
"What if they touch that, you say?"
"I know what's there, to the ski bags."
"An arsenal of bombs!"
"I still don't know what they want to do, these men.
"But I'm sure that one of those back 3 is on their side.
"And he's ratted me out."
"I have to find out who one of them 3 is, or else we can't do anything."
(Flow) Ei.
Hey, Haibara, can you think of anything?
Eh...
(Think) "What? What is this?"
"It's like this pressure is stabbing me."
"I had the same overwhelming feeling that time."

"It's here."
"That person is on this bus!"
"Is he from the organization as I think? Has he followed me here?!"
"Or is it a coincidence?"
"If he realizes my true identity and that I am here..."
"If they know that I am a person who has betrayed the organization.
"They will kill everyone who got on the bus with me."
"The doctor, the children..., they won't leave any of them alive."
"And naturally, so will he."
"I'm sure..."
"Please... Please... Don't let him find me!"
(Thinks) "It can't be.... It can't be."
"Don't tell me there's a partner of the organization's men here!"
"We'll act the moment the bus leaves the tunnel."
"I've always known there would be no place for me in this society."
"Ain't I dumb, sis?"
And the next Conan: "The Mysterious Traveler, (part two)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

