Destiny is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that clarifies the most mysterious cases.
A strange person, a dark secret...
What will happen to the Ai and Conan of now?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "The Haibara, me, the Junior Detective League and the doctor....
"We were taking a bus trip to go skiing."
"On the way, Miss Jody and Professor Araide got on...
"And the Ai froze in terror."
"I hadn't seen him like that."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Off) "Then, some men dressed in ski clothes came up....
"And they hijacked the bus."
"I tried to call the police on the sly, but..."
What the fuck are you doing, kid?!
You fucking brat!
If you take us for assholes again, things won't stay that way!
"Shit, he took my cell phone."
Conan, are you okay?
"But it's strange. This kidnapper came straight at me."
"The seat covered me and he couldn't see me."
"This means they have an accomplice inside the bus!"
"Only one of these three could have seen what I was doing."
"But how could he make him understand?"
"How did you tell him where I was and that I was doing something suspicious?"
"How could you have let him know without anyone noticing?"
THE MYSTERIOUS TRAVELER, (PART TWO)
(Flow) Hey, Haibara, let's see if you can think of something.
(Jody: American accent) Hey, Haibara, see if you can think of something.
(Jody: American accent) Don't do anything crazy.
Cool, kid!
We'll get another chance soon.
(Jody: American accent) Oh!
No need to be afraid, kiddo.
Little Red Riding Hood, what's your name?
Th-this little girl...
Eh?
Ah!
What 's your name?
What 's your name, little red riding hood?
I don't know her at all.
She just happened to sit next to me.
We should leave her alone, because she looks scared.
-Oh, excuse me! - (man) Hey, you!
May I know what you're up to?!
Miss Jody.
Please don't make the kidnappers nervous!
Oh, yes!
Let's talk about it later.
Uh, yes...
(Flow: Shinichi's voice) Eh...
(Thinks) "That can't be... that can't be."
"There's someone from the organization on the bus."
"But first we have to find the accomplice of these other people."
"If I don't find out and I can't think of anything to stop the feet.
"The organization will be the smallest problem I'll have."
"These are the three suspects."
"Of all of them, the most suspicious is the boy.
"who may have alerted them with some sound, like the sneezing he does."
"But at that time, Dr. Agasa was also coughing."
"The sound that one and the other make when they cough is not very different."
"If we talk about sounds, we also have the girl who chews gum."
"Compared to their coughing,
"She's less noisy."
"At the time these men were on the driver's side,
"They wouldn't have been able to hear the noise she makes while chewing gum."
"The only thing left is the man with the hearing aid, that old man."
If in fact the hearing aid was some kind of wireless microphone,
"There's a chance he could have explained it to him on the sly.
"But kidnappers don't wear earpieces in their ears."
"The only thing that would allow them to see what's going on behind would be that mirror."
(Man) Hey, man!
May I know what sleeves you're wearing?
Ah, nothing..., it's a cough medicine.
(He thinks) "Again. They have indicated it again."
"Shit! How the hell does he do it?!"
"How the fuck does he tell him what's going on?!"
(Mobile)
Oh... Yajima!
Now we were waiting for your call!
"Hey, how are you?"
There's no problem at all.
I've already thrown the police off the scent.

So we are at the usual place here for 3 days.
All right, driver, take the highway and head for the Chuo highway.
(Hijacker) Yes, sir!
(Hijacker) When we get to the Kobotoke tunnel, slow down.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Don't worry, man.
As promised, we'll release the travelers.
Let's go!
The one with the glasses;
yes, the bearded guy!
(And you, the cold guy in the back!
You, come here in front.
What the hell are you doing?
Hurry up!
You'd better do as I say.
It's for your own good.
(Thinking) "Ah, so I'll do it this way..."
"Now I know who your accomplice is and how you'll look to run away from the bus!"
Mm?
(Jody) An agenda?
"Very good!"
"Just use this transmitter and make them..."
(Coughs)
(What can a lipstic bring us?
Show me your magic... (chuckles)
Cool guy.
This is Sato.
I'm chasing the bus
on the highway from Chuo in the direction of Otsuki.
"We're almost at the Kobotoke tunnel!"
Keep chasing!
Keep chasing!
Don't lose sight of them! "Yes!"
It's almost time for the bus to run out of gas!
They are likely to release 3 travelers, as they have promised,
when they run out of gas.
Ask the Yamanashi Prefectural Police for reinforcements.
and have officers stationed in the parking lots of the areas where the bus might stop.
When they open the doors, we will have the best chance to get in.
(Acoustic signal: beep-beep)
(Sato) "Inspector, the bus is slowing down!"
What do you say?
The bus is already entering the Kobotoke tunnel!
All right, listen up!
Put on these ski clothes and sit down on the ground!
Don't forget your cap and ski goggles!
(Hijacker) You'll pose as us for a while
and we'll buy time.
We will disguise ourselves as 2 of the liberated travelers
and after getting off the bus we'll run away and you'll give us time.
No need to worry,
the rest of the travelers will testify that you are not the kidnappers.
Whether we can run away or not will depend on you..., driver.
Everything is in your hands.
When we get off the bus,
you will put the bus back in gear and continue driving,
because the police will focus their attention on the bus.
And we will take a lodging
to make sure you follow our orders.
The girl at the back of everything!
The one chewing gum!
Yes, you!
Vineeeeee...!
Did you understand?!
When we get to the exit of the tunnel, I'll signal you to speed up.
After you lose sight of the police, you'll catch the bus.
When we are out of the tunnel,
you will keep driving until you run out of gas!
If you want her to stay alive, you know what to do!
Yes, I'll do it!
(Thinking) "No, that's not true....
"She's not a lodging, she's your accomplice!"
"I thought so."
"When they have left the bus,
"they'll detonate the bombs in the ski bags.
"Because none of the travelers will explain to the police what happened."
"Exactly, they will be under the protection of the police,
"Because everyone will think they're really liberated travelers...
"And they will tell a different story from what really happened."
"And surely, the police will think that the kidnappers were only 2."
"They will say that there has been a fight
"between the travelers and the hijackers,
"and the police will believe that there was some kind of accident...
"that set off the bombs."
"That is, after the explosion,
"they'll find the bodies of Professor Araide and the cold boy
"dressed in ski clothes
"And they will take them for the hijackers."
"They'll make them change their clothes inside the tunnel
"So that no one will see it from outside,
"But this darkness will also play in my favor."
(Acoustic signal: beep-beep)
(Beep-beep)
(Ayumi) Our transmitter?
Co-Conan?!
(Thinks) "The ears! The ears!"
(Ayumi) "Listen to me! Now you will do exactly everything I tell you. Everything will be fine!"
"Inside the bus it's dark,

"And they are confident that their plan will work."
They have let their guard down.
We will act the moment the bus... comes out of the tunnel.
-Very good.
Now speed up! Yes!
Don't do anything foolish.
Do as we say and no one will die.
What a liar!
I know perfectly well that you will kill us.
If not, how else would it be understood that you allow us to see your face?
Listen to me, if we do nothing, they'll kill us...
with this bomb!
Damn brat!
Now I'll shut you up!
You asshole!
Don't shoot!
What are they, these red letters?
Eagerness s!
"Stop"?!
Eh ?!
(Hard braking)
This way, sir!
-Mitsuhiko, don't let her go!
-I know!
You bastards!
Professor Araide!
Take this girl by the arms!
Your watch is the detonator, it's the detonator of the bomb!
Marrec, you'll regret it.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Oh, excuse me!
He braked so suddenly that I lost my balance.
Enough of this nonsense!
Hey, what the hell is going on?
What a fool you are.
Didn't you know that the tokaref's sear
is set when you pull the firing pin back and stop it halfway?
You should have learned that before you tried to use it.
Did you get it right?
What the fuck...?
Who the fuck are you?!
Xxxxt.
It's big secret.
I'M sorry, I can not tell you.
A secret makes a woman woman.
A secret makes a woman woman woman.
Oh, you give up!
Oh, great!
Oh, hell, no!
We must run away!
We must run very fast!
With this braking,
the clock must have received some time and the bomb has been activated!
It won't be a minute before it explodes!
(Agasa) Are you serious?
(Sato) Inspector.
The bus is in the vicinity of the Kobotoke tunnel.
It's stopped suddenly and now there's no movement.
"Do you want us to go in?" No, wait for reinforcements to arrive.
Co-Conan!
What happened?
The bomb they carried will explode in 20 seconds!
What?!
What did you say?!
I'll stop the car in the tunnel.
Chiba, you go to another lane!
Everything else, help the passengers get off the bus!
Hurry up!
What about Haibara?
What about Haibara?
Now that you mention it...
(Thinking) "No, she's not capable. It's not possible, she..."
(Thinks) "Yes, it's the best I can do."
"Even if I get out of all this alive,
"When the time comes to testify, run into that person."
"If I disappear at this very moment,
"Nothing will link the junior detectives to the organization."
"I've always known that."
"From the very moment I fled the organization.
"I have known that there will be no place for me in this society."
"I'm a fool..."
"Ain't I a fool..., sis?"
Ooooh!
(Banging and snapping)
(Explosion)
(Police cars: sirens)
Co-Conan!
(Genta) Conan!
(Ayumi) Conan!
This girl is hurt.
Can you take her to the hospital with Dr. Agasa and the others?
I'll testify on behalf of everyone, we can't waste time!
Yes..., all right!
Don't run away, Haibara.
Don't run away from your destiny.
You don't have to run away.
Take him to the hospital, hurry!
Yes!
(Jody) Oh, cool kid!
You broke a glass like it was nothing and saved that girl.
You looked like you were in James Bond.
Miss, you looked more like 007 than I did.
You brought down the kidnapper and made it look like I was asking for forgiveness,
but in fact you put the surety on your Tokaref.
Oh, yes!
Yes!
Everything went just like in the movies!
"He-he-he-he... Come on."
Ah..., but you're so smart.
How did you know she was his accomplice?
For the bubbles.
The bubbles?
She was chewing gum.
"In this way,
"she could indicate to the kidnappers that she was doing something suspicious."
"When she popped a bubble,
"With the hand that she used to pull the gum out of her face.
"He would indicate the side of the bus,
"And the number of fingers he showed indicated the seat."
And how did you know that his watch would set off the bomb?
He was wearing a stopped watch at one o'clock, and that seemed suspicious to me.
It was that detail.
I'm so angry!
On top of that, his head ran away!
Don't worry.
The police wouldn't let a bad man out of prison anyway
a bad man without having prepared a good plan.
I'm sure they will arrest him soon!

(Sato) We have to take them to testify,
bring the cars up, please.
We all have to go to the police station.
I have to go too.
But you're full of wounds.
You mean you'll be able to?
Yes, I'm fine!
I'm fine!
Ah!
Oops!
I knew it!
Can't you see you're badly hurt?!
You're a very reckless boy.
Professor Araide...
You'll answer their questions when they've healed you.
Yes, I'll answer your questions when I'm cured.
I guess he fell from his apartment.
"He tried to jump from the balcony and put his foot wrong."
"Eh? This doorbell is broken."
"Mr. Yoshimura didn't have an accident! She's been murdered!"
And the next Conan: "Fall from the block of apartments."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

