Destiny is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today's scenario is an ordinary block of apartments.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

THE FALL OF THE BLOCK OF APARTMENTS
(Kogoro) What a mug!
La Ran is going to the movies and I'm stuck with Conan.
I'm sure I'll bring her good luck.
What do you mean?
When he solved a case, I was there nearby.
You idiot!
This is just coincidences!
(Woman) Welcome, sir!
You are Mr. Mouri?
Yes... You must be Mr. Ueda.
Please be seated.
(Woman) Thank you.
Ah..., excuse me.
I'm sorry to bother you with the tobacco.
(Ueda) Yes...
-I'll have a coffee, sisplau. I'll take it to him right away.
I came to talk to you on behalf of Yoshimura,
a doctor who works at the same hospital as me.
Do you still receive unpleasant calls as you told me?
Yes, but it's still much worse than before.
At first they only sent him threatening letters,
"But lately he's been getting threatening calls."
"He keeps getting them every time he leaves the house
"And he's getting completely neurotic."
The man is afraid that this will cause him to make a medical mistake.
Yes, it is worrisome.
Dr. Yoshimura says he can't think of who the perpetrator might be.
He wants you to investigate who is threatening her and for what purpose.
I agree.
You can count on me, I'm at your service!
First of all,
you should give me more precise information about Mr. Yoshimura.
T-Then, we should go see if Yoshimura is at home.
Hello.
Yoshimura?
It's me!
It was in his apartment.
I'll take you now.
It's this building here, Mr. Mouri.
Your floor is the one on the corner, on the fifth floor.
We go upstairs.
- (man) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! - (loud and brittle knock)
What was it, this?!
It's there! Conan, where are you going?!
What the fuck?
What the... What's the matter?!
Kogoro!
An ambulance!
Eh... Yes.
-Yoshimura!
-What does it say?
(Ueda) This is in Yoshimura.
In Mitsuo Yoshimura!
Yoshimura!
Come on, Yoshimura!
You have to react!
Yoshimura!
Yoshimuraaaa!
(Think) "Hey! What's the meaning of this?"
(Man) What happened?
It looks like death, poor thing!
(Man) I'd say it's suicide!
(Man) The deceased is Mr. Mitsuo Yoshimura, 25 years old.
He was a doctor at the University Hospital.
They found the key to his apartment in his pocket.
So, Mr. Yoshimura was your client...
and you were a witness to what happened, by chance.
That's right.
According to Mr. Ueda, a friend of his,
an anonymous person, was constantly threatening Mr. Yoshimura.
Mr. Yoshimura's apartment is on the fifth floor.
The one at the end of everything.
I guess he has fallen from his house.
Now let's go up to the fifth to see the floor.
Maybe we can find out the cause of his fall.
I know it's your job, but we appreciate your help.
It's no trouble at all, given the situation.
But I feel sorry for Yoshimura.
(Acoustic signal: ding)
(Ding)
(Kogoro) Eh?
There's no one here.
For safety, we have programmed the elevator...
to stop at all floors, at night.
I understand, but if you're in a hurry, it's a bit annoying.
Yes, that's why when the late Yoshimura was in a hurry...
he used the emergency stairs in the warehouse next door.
The stairs in the warehouse next door?
Yes, that's right.
"The distance between the balcony of his apartment and the stairs...
"You can jump it without any problem."
I kept telling him to stop doing it, but....
(Ding)
Here we are.
Excuse me, Inspector, do you mind if I go change my clothes?
If you need me, I live upstairs.

I have no objection.
When you have changed, please come to Mr. Yoshimura's apartment.
I will, inspector.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatxum!
It's already May, but it's freezing tonight!
Yes.
That's right.
Eh?
A whiskey and water!
Looks like he had a drink at home.
I understand he didn't feel safe anywhere,
taken from the hospital where he worked and here.
Now that you mention it, lately there was a suspicious man following him.
And sometimes he would come home at midnight.
-According to Mr. Ueda, he was getting threatening phone calls all the time.
(Think) "This is...!"
When Mr. Yoshimura left the house, he went out through the balcony of the apartment?
Yes.
He would go out into the street that way, which is also where he left his sandals.
I told him that was very dangerous.
-Let's recap, inspector.
The apartment was locked and they found the key in his pocket.
So he locked it himself.
And the lights in the house were on,
"And we found no sign of a struggle."
It was an accidental fall
caused by Mr. Yoshimura's carelessness.
This line of investigation is the strongest.
Oh!
(He thinks) "A sandal? It's been quite far away."
"But... wait a minute!"
If it's not the rooftop, this means....
- (Ueda) They're not for me. Don't worry.
(Ueda) Thank you very much.
See, another little joke in bad taste.
(Thinking) "Eh? This doorbell is broken."
Mr. Ueda!
Mr. Ueda!
(Ueda) Yes?
Please, sir, I'm a little thirsty.
Can I have some water?
Yes, sure.
(Passes the pin)
Come on in.
Thank you very much.
Sit wherever you want and wait a second.
Yes!
Mr. Ueda, I thought a florist was here earlier, wasn't it?
Yes, someone played a bad joke on them.
What's the matter, kid?
Don't go up there, it's dangerous.
Come on.
Yes, sir.
Here, have some fruit juice.
He-he... Thank you.
When you finish drinking it, we'll go downstairs with Mr. Mouri.
Yes!
Oh.
Mr. Ueda, are you hot?
You're drenched in sweat.
Oh... It's... I usually sweat a lot.
Mm...
I have to go to the bathroom.
You drink your juice.
Yes, sir.
(thinks) "Eh?"
"What is it, this brand?"
"This is..."
"And there too. And there it is too."
"On the bed..., on the table... and also on the sofa..."
"Now I understand, so that's what it is."
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Eh... About it... I left something downstairs.
I'll go get it.
What do you think.
Hey! Ah!
You can't touch anything.
We're still examining the scene.
Excuse me, Inspector Takagi.
I've come to ask you for something from Detective Mouri.
From Detective Mouri?
That's right.
Look...
I'll be right there, but don't touch anything in there.
Okay, okay, okay!
(Thinking) "Yes, I'm sure!"
"Mr. Yoshimura didn't have an accident!"
"She's been murdered!"
My conclusion, just as you had deduced,
is that it was an accidental fall.
He jumped from the balcony to the warehouse and put his foot wrong.
Too bad.
Now that you were finally able to come...
Mr. Ueda, didn't you call him and tell him we were coming?
Yes.
Then why did you decide to leave?
Children should be quiet!
If you have to be a nuisance, go to the street!
Yes...
(Thinking) "I have no choice. I'd have to put you to sleep."
Ah... Again...
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you, Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) Mr. inspector, it's too early to leave.
As you say?!
There are a lot of suspicious details that need to be cleared up
before declaring this matter... as a case of accidental fall.
Mr. Yoshimura's apartment was locked,
but he hadn't put the latch on the front door.
Isn't it strange, for a man frightened because she was threatened?
Yes, it is true.
And if she was in the living room having a drink? before she fell,
doesn't it strike you as odd that the ice was out?
Hey, wait a minute, Mouri.
What are you getting at?
That Mr. Yoshimura wasn't in the living room before he jumped!
This is ridiculous!

So where was I, at that time?
The key to the question is Mr. Yoshimura's sandal.
His sandal? The one he wore on his foot.
"He was wearing a sandal on his left foot, but the other foot was barefoot."
"The sandal on the other foot is on the roof of the warehouse, quite far away."
Even if he tried to jump onto the emergency stairs
and lost his balance,
I doubt the sandal could have flown that far.
This means it didn't fall from the fifth floor, but from higher up.
Maybe the roof.
But the door that goes is closed.
How!
So, you...?
If he didn't fall from the roof, I can only think of one place.
Are you implying that...?
Indeed, Inspector.
Mr. Yoshimura didn't fall from the fifth-floor balcony..,
but from the balcony of this floor!
Mr. Ueda...
You did it, didn't you?
This is... completely ridiculous!
Inspector Chiba, would you mind giving me a hand?
I'll do that.
First, put the TV in front of the window, please.
It's going well here? That's fine!
Next, move the table to the center of the room...
and put the chairs on both sides.
And put this bed against the wall.
Mouri, wait.
The bed is too heavy to move.
Look carefully, please, inspector.
(Chiba) This bed has wheels;
it's easy to move.
Well, Mr. Inspector, look at this room carefully.
Haven't you seen an identical layout elsewhere?
Everything is laid out the same as on Mr. Yoshimura's 501st floor.
Mr. Ueda has rearranged this floor in this way.
He wanted to confuse Mr. Yoshimura
so that he would think it was his own floor.
But the furniture is not the same.
That's true, but if a person gets up in the dark...,
the first moment he doesn't realize it's someone else's apartment.
You have confused Mr. Yoshimura and caused him to fall.
Wait a second!
When Mr. Yoshimura fell, I was with you.
Don't you remember?
Yes, I do.
You used me as a perfect alibi.
But if I was with you, how did you want me to make Yoshimura fall?
Explain it to me, because I don't understand!
You knew that in Yoshimura you used the emergency stairs,
so you used this fact to organize your set-up.
You were probably drinking with Mr. Yoshimura in his apartment,
and without him noticing, you put him on some kind of drug...
"To make him half asleep for a while."
"A weak sleeping pill."
"Then he carried her to that floor and put her to bed."
Mr. Yoshimura was mentally confused...
and you led him to believe he was at home.
"Then he went to the cafe where he had arranged to meet us."
"There you telephoned him
"and told you that the man who was threatening you was on his way to your apartment..,
and that he had to leave.
And you had an accomplice.
Did someone help you?
(Takagi) Inspector Megre!
This man says he has some information for us.
My name is Umemoto and I'm a florist.
Inspector Megre, this is the accomplice,
although he wasn't aware that he was helping a murderer.
Mr. Umemoto, please,
could you please tell us what happened to you tonight,
when you delivered the flowers to the 601st floor?
Someone anonymously instructed the store...
to deliver a bouquet of flowers to Mr. Ueda,
on the 601st floor tonight at 7 o'clock.
Please continue.
Well, I've arrived at 7 o'clock...
--Ah, I was told that the doorbell was out of order
and that I should knock on the door.
I rang the door several times, but no one answered.
So what did you do?
The truth is that there was nothing I could do.
I went to deliver the other orders and came back again.
Then, this gentleman opened the door and told me that he had not ordered anything.
Mr. Inspector.
Now do you understand?
Mr. Ueda's call scared Mr. Yoshimura,
and the florist has come at the right time!
"When Mr. Umemoto knocked at the door,
"Mr. Yoshimura thought it was the man who was chasing him."
Then he tried to jump into the building next door, as he always does,
as he always does.
He didn't succeed, and fell into the void.
No one can swallow this!

These deductions are fabricated!
You have gone to check on Mr. Yoshimura's condition,
"He has incorporated it and quickly returned to his apartment."
"To arrange the furniture according to the original layout."
"That's why his sweater was stained with blood."
"When Conan arrived at your apartment, you were drenched in sweat.
"for the effort of having carried all the furniture."
That's a lie!
Can you prove it, what you say?
You want proof?
Well, we have it!
"When we were in the cafeteria, he said he didn't smoke,"
and here's an ashtray with several cigarette butts.
Mr. Yoshimura was a heavy smoker...
and you have left tobacco and an ashtray here,
lest he woke up prematurely and started looking.
Because then he would have realized that you were not at home.
The ashtray was brought to him one day when he came to visit!
This proves nothing!
Mr. Inspector, please,
examine the call log of this phone.
Let's see...
There is an incoming call at 7 pm.
The number listed is that of a cell phone.
It is probably Mr. Ueda's phone number.
The call he made from the coffee shop.
Oh, right! Hey, wait a minute!
It's just that I called by mistake at home first.
Oh, you did?
You did?
Then how come we don't have the second call...
Mr. Yoshimura's call log?
You called here, at his apartment,
to make sure Mr. Yoshimura was here.
I was sure they wouldn't suspect you because it was with us,
and you thought that in the end they would declare the case "an accidental death", didn't you?
But you didn't anticipate that we would examine the calls from this phone.
You are under arrest, Mr. Ueda.
I bought some stocks and lost a lot of money.
When I was having cash flow problems,
in Yoshimura suggested a way to make money.
"I would steal the drugs from the university
"And he would take care of selling them."
"I did as he told me,
"I got what I was entitled to, and I was able to get out of the crisis,
"But he came back with threats."
If I didn't go back to stealing drugs, he would explain the whole story.
I was afraid that he would turn me into a thief
and then plan to eliminate him.
I heard that some men I was doing business with were threatening her,
and I wanted to take advantage of that.
Caram.
Look, smoke is coming out of the incinerator!
(Think) "Eh? That's strange."
"Before, there were two pillows. There's one more."
"What's the meaning of this?"
And the next Conan:
"The proof that he didn't disappear (part one)."
Ii koto Bakari no
mira ya nai keredo,
tashika ni ima wa Ashita ni Mukai dare yori mo...
Kagayaki koko ni tatteiru Kowa kake,
Soun ima ni namidashi soredemo...
We can start in my life Isshin ni...
akiramezu yume to.
Nee moves Hitori no jibun ni aeru kara!
Kimochi Hitotsu de kawarerun da...
hora koko kara Hajime you...
just start in my life.

