Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Today, 3 beautiful dogs and 4 suspicious owners.
The truth comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

THE PROOF THAT DIDN'T DISAPPEAR, (PART ONE)
(Ayumi) Oooooh!
How nice!
(laughs)
It's a very cute male Shiba breed!
How do you say, this dog?
It's called Arthur.
We named him after Sir Arthur Conan Doyle,
the writer who created Sherlock Holmes.
If he teamed up with Conan,
they would form the best detective agency in the world!
Hey, wait!
You're comparing me to a dog?
That's a very feminine idea and it sounds great.
You're too picky about things.
All right, all right, all right... (door: squeaks)
Well, it's been 10 years since I've been here and the city has changed a lot.
Have you already found where they have put the new parking lot?
That area is very complicated and hard to find.
Ay guided me very well and I didn't get lost.
(Arthur: borda)
Hey, Arthur!
Come on, come on!
Flights stop?
How strange,
he never gets excited or starts barking like this just like that.
Hey, doctor..,
maybe he has touched some dog, when they were coming here?
I'd say it's a male dog bigger than this Shiba.
Ah, yes, in the morning, Ai and I touched a Dobermann
of a neighbor who was taking the dog for a walk.
How did you know it?
It has hairs of dog to the hunter.
Besides, dogs can tell the size and sex of another dog by smell.
by scent.
"When a male sees another male bigger than him, it's rivalry."
"Also, when you were at the entrance,
"In Kanohi told them to go park the car and came back."
That's why Arthur thought that you and Haibara were enemies,
and that, even though you chased them away, they came back again.
-Ah... So that's why.
-What an ass he is!
-He looks a bit like Conan when he gets lost and doesn't know where to stop.
(He thinks) "Come on."
Don't make the line.
The dog has only been mistaken by natural instinct.
Dangerous people who are not your own.
In my case, it's probably not entirely wrong.
But..., Haibara.
I was joking.
Listen, I think...
(Whispers)
(Man) And another thing...
Arthur also embroiders for another very obvious reason.
The tone of voice with which you wanted to dominate him was weak.
When you call his attention, do it firmly and energetically,
otherwise he will think that the owner is encouraging him and flattering his behavior.
-You should keep an eye on him, that.
-Yes, sir.
-Who is he, this man? -Mr. Tsunashima.
I met him at the Friends of Dogs Club.
He came here for the same reason you did.
(Ayumi) Ooooh!
How pretty!
(Ayumi) Oh!
(Ayumi) It's fantastic!
I'll take this plane!
Gee, I want this doll.
Well, I'll take this antique hourglass.
Are you sure you don't mind?
They look like expensive items.
And now, of course not!
They were grandfather's, may he rest in peace, from the trips he used to make.
None of the three of us in the family are interested in antiques,
but we felt bad about selling them.
So the parents decided to give them to acquaintances.
By the way, where are they, your parents?
They left yesterday to the house they are building in the mountains,
to prepare for the move.
I have to go to England for work and they will live in the country,
where the father's little brother and cousins are.
So, now I'm trying to get all this stuff in place.
Ooooh.
The only thing I want to take with me in England is the Arthur,
and my parents will take...
in Doyle, the dog that mother loves so much!
(Doyle: borda)
It's a Papillon!
If there is an Arthur and a Doyle, there must be a Conan!

The father had a wolf dog it was said, but he died of illness.
Oh, right.
But that's okay, because we already have a Conan.
"What do you mean by that?"
It sounds very strange to me, the word "Papillon".
"Papillon" means "butterfly" in French.
There were a lot of continental spàniels at the French court in the 16th century.
"It is said that Queen Marie Antoinette's dog was a Papillon."
What a fine coat he has!
No wonder he won first prize!
-First prize? -Her mother takes her to competitions.
Some people begged her to sell it for a million.
A million?!
(Woman) Really, it's a most elegant and refined little dog.
He looks just like the queen of France who was beheaded,
a spoiled child and an egoist.
Mrs. Tosabayashi!
The front door was open,
so I took the liberty of entering.
I've been told to give away things your mother doesn't like.
The only thing I'm interested in is this vase in the living room.
Then you can take the one you want.
Excuse me, but I'll go and have a look.
Is it also from the Friends of the Dogs Club?
Yes, but it has changed a lot, it wasn't like that before.
It's blowing for your dog to lose to Doyle.
I can not let me take the watch from the tatami room
that I had reserved for myself!
I have to put a note on the watch to make it clear that it has an owner!
Oh, why don't you take something too?
Since we are given the opportunity, we should take it.
There are lots of interesting things!
Yes, there is.
Then, maybe I'll keep this dog.
(All) Eeeeeh?
So, if one day they take me to the guillotine...
and I disappear like Marie Antoinette,
maybe you'll go after me and you'll fill up the Seine,
as you did with Thisbe, your dog?
"Hey, stop the cart."
-She is a... strangely strong girl. -Yes, a little.
Listen Shinichi, couldn't you cheer her up a little?
That was very hard for her.
Since the incident on the bus, she refuses to leave the house...
I had a hard time getting her to come.
It's weird...
after that, I called her to tell her not to worry,
that the passengers had gone to the police to make a statement.
and that there was no one suspicious.
This fear he has is not normal at all.
He doesn't even want to eat and can hardly sleep at night.
Those men in black got on the bus by chance.
They didn't even notice that Haibara was there.
It has been 10 days, since that incident.
If it wasn't a coincidence we would all be dead long ago.
Besides you, who was with us, and them? What?!
...then we'll do it like this.
Do we agree?
"They're coming back again?"
Excuse me, Dr. Agasa.
You yourself, eh?
If you like anything, you're free to take it.
Ah, if I may.
Let's see...
Oh!
Well, I'd like... this stereo.
May I take it?
-Oh, I'm sorry.
It's already reserved. (dog: borda)
Woof-woof!
(dog:) Arthur!
Bad!
You can not enter, with muddy paws!
Hey, stop!
Arthur, what's wrong with you?!
Hey, hey, hey!
All right, all right.
I got it.
Arthur, let go of me!
What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck's going on?
I'm sorry...
I rang the bell, but it seems to be out of order.
Arthur was nice to me and came to pick you up.
Don't be angry with him, please.
Ah, forgive me for not realizing you were here.
Au, go play with Arthur, my pretty.
They make a great couple!
He's a magnificent Shetland Shepherd!
Yes, his name is Christie!
"Of course, the King and Queen of detective novels."
He's the one who booked the music channel?
That's right.
It's a gift for my brother, to celebrate his entrance into high school.
You'd better separate these 2 dogs as soon as possible.
Maybe they will have puppies, but you can't sell them at a good price.
You don't need to worry;
Arthur is leaving very soon in England, right, Kanohi?
Yes...
- (clock: strikes the hour) - (Doyle: boarding)
-What's the matter, Doyle? -It's cheese time.
(All) Quèèèèèèèè ?!
Grandpa also liked dogs very much.
The mother wanted the grandfather in peace to see in Doyle,

and gave him cheese in front of the altar in the tatami room.
In Doyle got used to it, and since then that he does.
"When the clock in the tatami room strikes 12,
"He goes to him, puts on a pillow, sits down, and waits for us to come."
On a pillow?
Yes, he's very fond of blue pillows,
and he always puts one in front of the altar.
So as long as the clock continues to strike 12 o'clock, he'll go.....
What if he were to sit on the pillow at night?
He will never do that,
because we asked the clockmaker to make it chime only at noon.
Are you sure you want to give such a valuable watch?
The mother commented that it was time to stop spoiling Doyle,
and feed him twice a day.
(Kanohi) Well, that's all right.
(Kanohi) See look at it through the crack in the door.
(Kanohi) Isn't it true that Doyle is sitting on Doyle?
See that it is on top of a blue pillow?
(Kanohi) -In Doyle is not.
And you don't see any blue pillow on the floor either.
What?
Maybe he couldn't have picked up any blue pillows,
because they're between two brown pillows.
No, even if they're stacked,
he tenses the blue pillow with his teeth and puts it back in its place.
Which is strange.
Where did he go?
We separate selected to go looking.
If he's gotten into some strange place and can't get out, we'll be in trouble.
(Ayumi) Doyle!
(Ayumi) Where are you?
Where are you handsome?
Come out we see you, Doyle!
Doyle?! He's not here.
I can't find him anywhere.
What, you found him?
-No, he's not part of it! -I've looked for him in the bathroom. -I've been looking for him in the bathroom.
(Dog: borda)
This is Arthur!
And the Chistie!
She's barking too!
They're in the back garden!
(Dog: bark) Come on!
(Dogs: barking)
Caram.
Look, there's smoke coming out of the incinerator!
It's been a long time since we've used it, this incinerator.
(Think) "It can't be!"
"Eh? Shoes?"
"It can't be... It can't be!"
"A necklace?!"
-Don't tell me it's... -It's from Doyle.
(Cries) This can't be.
It can't be.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Doyle!
(cries)
Doyle!
Doyle!
Doyle!
It's all right, it's all right.
Don't worry, it's only the collar that's burnt.
There was no dead dog inside.
Can you assure me that's Doyle's collar?
Yes.
Usually the hair covers it up and you can't see it.
It's burnt, but from the color and the pattern it's his.
Grandfather bought it in France for Papillon he had before.
It was hand-sewn and very old.
He was very fond of it.
Come a moment!
(Genta) The back door open!
(Genta) It's true.
I understand.
Who has kidnapped in Doyle has fled through this door.
But why would he burn the dog's collar?
Without a collar,
it's hard to distinguish a Papillon from others of the same breed.
This one had an ornament that made it unique.
I don't think that's it.
After kidnapping the dog, he had to run away in a hurry.
It doesn't make sense for him to go to the trouble of burning a collar that you can't see him
and at the same time show us where he fled.
The kidnapper wanted to make it look like he got out!
So, in Doyle still...
Yes.
There's a good chance she's been hidden around the house!
Hey, in this case...
Don't tell me the kidnapper is inside the house.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I hope he doesn't suspect us now, kid.
Ah... No, but...
If things are as this boy says, we can already know who did it.
Look, look at that.
A woman's shoes!
They're mine.
But how...?
Don't be cheeky!
Didn't you wear them from the front door?
I couldn't have.
If I were the kidnapper, I wouldn't have left them anyway.
Besides, if I'd worn the shoes inside, anyone would have been suspicious.
Hazuki, you've been in this house more than once and twice, haven't you?
Yes, that's right.
So, you could have trained the Christie...
to carry your shoes from the front door to here,
and then bring them back to the foyer.
This is ridiculous!
In any case, let's get looking at Doyle.
The children and this gentleman will look for him on one side.
And you, on the other.
Ah... yes.
But, listen, Conan, where will we look for him?
Before, we've practically looked all over the house!
This time we're not going to look for places where a dog could have hidden,

but where a person could have hidden it!
All right, let's help Arthur!
Eh?
Don't you understand?!
Smell!
We will use the best weapon a dog has, his nose!
Dogs' noses are 100 times finer than humans'.
If we make Arthur smell his scent,
he will surely help us find Doyle!
That's it.
I've already taken him!
This is the cushion Doyle uses to sleep on!
Arthur, smell!
Au, this dog is not a police dog.
But maybe it will work.
The father used to play with Arthur doing things like this.
Wow, it looks like he's found the scent!
-He's heading for the tatami room! -So, in Doyle's there!
A blue pillow?
Come to think of it, en Doyle likes blue pillows, right?
Dogs like blue?
(Think) "Huh? What's strange..."
"When we looked earlier, there were these 2 blue cushions."
"And with the one that Arthur has now brought, that makes 3."
"There's one more. What does that mean?"
It didn't work out in the end.
Has the Arthur ever hidden the shoes to make a mischief?
No, quite the opposite.
This happened when he was still a puppy.
One day when I woke up, Arthur thought he wanted to take out.
"It was in the hall,
"He took my shoes out of the shoe rack and waited for me."
But he quickly learned he wasn't going outside.
But he's great!
Arthur is not like the others!
He's so smart!
Come on, let's get him to smell the scent of Doyle again!
- (Arthur: borda) -Oh, it looks like he's found it!
Why, he's stopped in front of the living room.
Looks like he's thinking something.
Oh!
He's walking again!
(Arthur: See.
He's going towards the hall!
Hey!
He's gone outside!
Surely the kidnapper has taken Doyle out of the house!
Hey, if he only plays with the Christie, you see?!
Sure.
You must be tired of looking for him!
Ha-ha-ha... What's up with him!
When Doyle was angry, is there a place where he used to hide?
Maybe when the kidnapper has taken the collar from him by force,
he got scared and ran away to hide somewhere.
Arthur often hides under my bed, but?
Under his bed?
At the beginning of having Doyle at home, I had to scold Arthur a lot.
"He cooed at Doyle in the living room, when he was still a puppy,
"And Arthur would get jealous and damage the cushions."
But now they are good friends.
But in Doyle must be hiding somewhere, trembling with fear.....
You're right.
There's nothing harder than feeling the terror of living in hiding
when you know you can be found.
Stop it!
Are you in a bad mood or what?
I'm just trying to explain to an optimist without any strategy,
the dangerous situation we are in.
I don't know why;
the only thing I know is that a companion of those men was on the bus.
And if he had realized my true identity,
or had he even suspected it...,
you, me and everyone else would be...
Don't worry.
I'm sure he didn't realize who you are.
Don't worry.
Why is that?
Why are you so sure, Conan?
I know it just like you can tell them by their stench!
A detective notices when there's a threatening atmosphere.
It's his instinct!
If he detected that he was conveying this atmosphere he wouldn't have so much work.
But there was no one suspicious of these characteristics
inside the bus.
You have let this threatening environment overwhelm you.
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you, detectives?
It's not that.
I'm just sick of tot.
Oh, right.
(thinks) "Anyway, let's remember again."
"The time you disappeared at Doyle's."
"When the clock struck 12 noon.
"The dog went to the tatami room."
"Afterwards, we followed Kanohi to the kitchen,
"When he went to get cheese for Doyle."
"Next, we went to the tatami room....,
"We saw he wasn't there, so we split up to go look for him."
"The house is something like this."
"We looked everywhere,
"But we don't know where poor Doyle is hiding."
"And the kidnapper, how does he plan to get him out of the house?"
(Think) "Wait. When I looked at it again..."
-What is this?
It looks like synthetic fiber.

What is the problem?
What's the problem?
You mean they finally burned poor Doyle?
(thinks) "Now I get it! This, he has used the suspect!"
(Clock: strikes the hour)
This sound is...
The clock in the tatami room.
And the next Conan:
"The proof that he didn't disappear, (second part)."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

