Destiny is a test for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
The famous dog Doyle has disappeared.
The true face of the breeders is revealed.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "We went to Teruya Kanohi's house, and he invited us...
"To give us things he didn't need before he went to live abroad."
"There we met his friends:
"Mr. Toshio Tsunashima, Mrs. Aki Tosabayashi...
"And Miss Shino Hazuki."
"In the midst of an exchange of complex feelings,
"Disappeared in Doyle,
"The Papillon dog of that house."
"And further, into the incinerator in the garden,
"We found his collar all burned up."
-Don't tell me this is... -It's Doyle's...
It's a lie.
It's a lie!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Thinks) "Hey ?! That's strange."
"When we looked before, there were these 2 blue cushions."
"And with the one Arthur brought, that makes 3."
"There's one more."
"What does this mean?"
THE PROOF THAT DIDN'T DISAPPEAR, (PART TWO).
(Off) "When the clock has struck 12 noon,
"The dog went to the tatami room."
"After that, we followed Kanohi to the kitchen.
"When I went to get cheese for Doyle."
"We went to the tatami room, saw that he wasn't there,
"And we separated to go to look for it."
"The house is something like that."
"We've looked everywhere,
"But we don't know where poor Doyle is hiding."
"And the kidnapper, how does he plan to get out of the house?"
You must not feel like making the move anymore.
Yes, you're right.
(Thinking) "The move?"
You said you'd give us the things you didn't need.
Can we take them with us today?
Well... yes, I don't mind.
Will the others also take the things today?
No, tomorrow I'll send the watch to Tsunashima's house.
"I'll send the stereo to Hazuki in 10 days."
And I will leave the next day.
I told them I'd send them,
but they've come
because I found more antiques in the closet.
"Knowing the Tobayashi's character,
"She'll surely be carrying that vase today."
(She thinks) "Ah. That vase! I could swear it was in the living room!"
"Has he put Doyle in here?!"
"No, it's not in here."
"This equipment will send it in 10 days and you can't hide it..."
"And in the clock in the tatami room....
"It is also impossible to hide a dog inside..."
Eh?
This clock is 5 minutes late.
What's strange...
That's strange.
Since we fixed it, it's never been late.
"Wait, wait, wait, wait. When I've looked at it before..."
Mmm?
-What's this?
It's kind of like a cotó. It looks like some kind of synthetic fiber.
Hey, let me see it.
This is...
This shiny cotton was on the blue pillow that Arthur had.
I know because it caught my eye.
"Wait. Now that you mention it, I've seen this somewhere else."
"In the incinerator!"
What's the problem, Conan?
They finally burned Doyle in here, didn't they?
(He thinks) "When I've examined it before,
"I thought there was just ordinary garbage left,
"But this is definitely fiberglass!"
"Soundproofing material!"
"I know what that person used!"
Hey, Conan!
I know where they've hidden Doyle and how they did it and for what purpose!
And also the identity of the kidnapper!
Mm, is it getting so late already?
It's getting to be time for me to go home.
Me too, I still have to make dinner.
Hey, but... wait a minute!
Make up your mind that you've had bad luck and forget about that dog.
Woman, I...
(Clock: strike the hour)

-This sound is... It's in the tatami room!
It's only supposed to sound at 12 noon.
How can it be?
Co-Conan!
Conan, it worked!
So, let's set it all up in the living room!
Yes. Set it all up?
Now we'll do an experiment.
We will see how the real kidnapper has managed to hide in Doyle
without anyone noticing anything.
What nonsense, if we have not even found in Doyle yet.
Naturally, the star of the experiment is?
It's him, in Doyle!
Eh ?!
Doyle!
(Doyle: borda)
Good, they found him!
Ha-ha-ha!
What a break...
All right, now we'll start the experiment.
In Doyle has disappeared from our sight going down the corridor...
in front of the entrance.
Coi, you've already found the dog, haven't you?
Well, cut the crap!
I don't have time to waste with kids playing detective either.
Calm down, calm down.
All right, Mitsuhiko, you can start now!
(Intercom) "Okay!"
(Clock: striking the hour)
(Clock: ringing the time) -Huh? -Oh.
Again...
Yes, when he felt that it was 12 o'clock, he went to the living room...
to get the cheese,
and we went after passing through the kitchen.
Didn't we?
Ah... Yes...
Where do you think it is, Doyle's, now?
This is ridiculous.
If he's getting the cheese in the living room, it's definitely here.
Is it?
He's not here!
The sound of the bell wasn't coming from the living room.
Oh, it's true!
What... what does this mean?
Kanohi, look.
The sound of the clock is coming from the living room itself!
From the living room?
It can't be.
It's coming from the speakers of this stereo?!
Yes!
Earlier we recorded the sound of the chimes of the clock...
and played it on this stereo.
I used the tape recorder in your room!
Did you drive Doyle to the living room with the sound of the clock?
The sound alone wouldn't work, there was also a pillow.
A pillow?
You had said that at cheese time in Doyle you put the pillow alone.
Yes, but the blue pillows he likes are in the tatami room.
He doesn't have to like only the blue cushions!
A dog's hearing is 4 times finer than that of a person's
and its sense of smell is much more developed,
but their eyesight can hardly distinguish colors.
"At cheese time, he would pull out the pillow that had his scent on it,
"But that the pillow was blue was just a coincidence."
"I mean, at 12 o'clock Doyle wasn't in the tatami room waiting."
"He had learned that he would get cheese.
"If he waited sitting on the pillow after the bells rang."
"And the kidnapper has used this custom
"To make him go to the living room!"
The pillow in Doyle used has bite marks on it;
so the kidnapper could tell it apart from the others.
But the first time I came to the living room there was nothing.
-Neither the pillow nor the dog.
Wasn't there?
Wasn't it?
-Yes...
But you can hide him in one place.
Look behind the stereo.
Right here!
Oh!
It's behind the speakers!
Wow-wow!
The kidnapper was supposed to remove a few days ago
the soundproofing material that was inside the speakers.
"And a while ago he put the cushion in the space that was left empty,
"And the cheese on top of it."
"Naturally, the right speaker was disconnected and didn't play."
"Then he played the cassette from the clock...
"So it would only play on the left speaker,
"And on Doyle, guided by the smell of the cushion and the cheese,
"as well as by the sound of the clock, has gone into the right speaker."
This is what the kidnapper did.
Shouldn't he have gone out, after eating the cheese?
It is that it has made him fall asleep.
He put a sedative inside the cheese.
I don't know if it could have worked so well...
The clock in the living room strikes 12 o'clock,
so the real clock would have chimed too.
I don't think it would have chimed.
Because then... it was 12 o'clock at night!
Eh?
As this clock only chimes at 12 noon,
it was enough... to advance the hands 12 hours...
and then it wouldn't touch the hours anymore!
B-but who would do that, something like that?!
(Aki) It's quite clear.
I can't think of anyone other than Hazuki,

that he had to take the stereo with him.
It's... it's impossible.
He wanted to put the poor little doggy inside the speakers
and blatantly steal it.
That's not true..., I...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
It's impossible for Hazuki to have done something like that, I'm sure!
But there used to be her shoes by the incinerator.
Yes, but...
It's not true!
The kidnapper is not Hazuki!
The kidnapper is not Hazuki!
May I know what he says, this little boy?!
This stereo was to be sent to him in 10 days, wasn't it?
A living dog couldn't have stayed locked up all this time.
But if it wasn't Hazuki, what was the dog doing with the speakers?
The person who kidnapped the Doyle didn't want to steal it,
he just wanted to make it disappear momentarily.
Make it disappear?
Sure, even if he was hiding in there,
just moving without the speakers would find him.
Besides, it's a place he wouldn't look when he was searched.
Yes.
That's why whoever did it went into the room the first..,
covered the speakers and hid it in Doyle.
Right..,
...Mr. Tsunashima?
If he was the first one who was going to look for it,
he could show that he had already looked behind the speakers!
Now that you mention it, when you looked behind the stereo...
you said it wasn't there, right?
Wait a minute...
Surely, he found out about this cheese custom...
so that Kanohi's parents told about it.
And he also knew that they didn't use the stereo.
"And when he came the other day,
"He took the soundproofing materials out of the speakers,
"He left the back open
"And laid out the space where he would put in Doyle."
"He just had to say that the speakers didn't sound right.
"To make it look like he was looking to fix them.
"While I was setting up the back."
"If you were around while in Doyle eating the cheese,
"I could record the sound of the clock."
"You have put that tape and the pillow at the ready.
"When Hazuki arrived just before 12 o'clock."
"When we all went to the entrance."
"Then, when Doyle disappeared.
"He went behind the loudspeaker, took off the collar,
"He picked up the pillow again...
"And finally he put the back cover on the speaker."
"Then he put the pillow back in the tatami room,
"He set the clock to the time,
"burned the necklace and left the back door ajar."
Because it looked as if someone had snuck in to kidnap Doyle
and had fled!
Way to go, kiddo!
It looks like he also tried to burn the insulation in the incinerator.
But this material is also used to insulate from the heat
and it has almost remained whole in the incinerator.
That's why, when we had Doyle go and get it....
he took the cushion from the tatami room.
Because in this room the thief had left the pillow.
But how is it that Arthur has not smelled it, if it was inside the speaker?
He knew it was there, but could not enter.
Because she had often been scolded in this room.
Aaah...
But, boy, there was nothing to be gained by hiding Doyle inside the speaker.
Can you explain this to me?
What you wanted wasn't on Doyle, the dog didn't matter to you,
you wanted what was on the collar, didn't you?
These precious stones.
It's a very expensive object that Kanohi's grandfather bought from France.
Where did you find it?
Just behind the pendulum of the watch!
"Even though that clock already showed the exact time it was,
when we looked at it at 3 o'clock it was 3 minutes late,
"And at 5 o'clock it was 5 minutes late."
It has started to be one minute behind every hour.
That's how I knew there was something on the pendulum,
and that the person who put it on was the one who would take the watch.
And that you had done it!
Tsunashima!
(Dogs: barking)
Damn it!
(Dogs: continue barking)
Arthur, stop it!
You're incapable of hitting the dogs, so you love them very much.
That's why you haven't murdered Doyle, is it?
You haven't put the screws behind the speakers
because you wanted Doyle to come out when he woke up, did you?
Isn't that right, Conan?
But Tsunashima, why did you do that?
For the money...
I needed money to take care of the dogs at home,

that have become more numerous.
But you could have sold some of them, couldn't you?
Most of the dogs are abandoned petaners that I picked up.
And there was no way to sell them.
Nobody wanted them.
The only future that awaited those dogs
was to starve to death or be killed with a drug.
They had no choice.
Mr. Tsunashima.
Mr. Tsunashima...
Here.
Here you go.
You can keep it.
No, but...
I'm not giving it to you, I'm giving it to all the dogs in your house.
Ooooh...
Kanohi, it tastes... very bad... (cries)
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure my grandfather would be very happy for you to have it.
(thinks) "Why, why has she been left in this unnatural position?"
Hey, fixeu's on it.
Only the top bottles have fallen off this shelf here.
And nothing has happened to the wine bottles here.
"I've found definitive proof!"
"I'm sure the killer hasn't gotten rid of it yet!"
And the next Conan: "The cellar closed"
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
-Give my liiiife!
- Always give my love.

