Destiny is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
Conan has not encountered a case like this one.
Will he enjoy his deductions?
He has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "We went to Shirahama,
"the white beach of the Nakayama chiefdom."
"I had the feeling that someone was watching us,
"But we continued sightseeing quietly."
"We met a group of 5 medical students."
"And the next day Sandanbeki was found dead.
"Maki Shinjo, a girl from this group."
"Among her scattered personal belongings,
"there was neither her wallet nor her car key."
"Instead, in her jacket, she was wearing work gloves."
"Near the scene,
"there was a glass jar and a plum man's key ring."
"What did they mean, those objects?"
"No, the robbery-homicide was most likely a hoax."
"Most likely the murderer was a person she knew!"
"In this case, the murderer was one of them."
THE MYSTERIOUS JOURNEY ON Kishua'S SOUTHERN BEACH, (PART TWO)
Listen to me everyone.
Tell me what you were doing today between 10:25 a.m. and 11 a.m., please.
What do you mean by that?
How suspicious are you of us?
No, we want to know just in case.
I was sketching in Shirahama.
"There were a lot of tourists, so I guess..."
you can see for yourself.
Even if Miss Mitsui has an alibi,
being close to the crime scene, it's not convincing.
Have you been sketching all the time?
-Yes, sir.
-Do you have any witnesses?
No, I don't.
I don't like people looking at me while I'm sketching, I get nervous.
I've come to the place where you told me there'd be no one.
Who told you?
The Maki.
She often came to Shirahama and knew it very well.
And you, Miss Miyahara?
It was at a restaurant near Engetsu Island.
I've been 2/4 from 11 to 12.
Yes.
In the parking lot there was an older woman who was trying to attract customers.
You can see the island from there, can't you?
Yes, that's right.
At the beginning I drew the place where the Marine Palace used to be,
inside the Minakata Center tunnel.
(Thinking) "A tunnel?"
"Ah, there!"
The remains of the Sea Palace were shown to you by the Maki?
Yes.
I didn't want to be in anyone's way.
But I didn't have a good day for drawing
and I went for a coffee and ate.
Wow.
Then you didn't draw much.
No.
After lunch I went to the beach to draw, but...
You mean the beach going to the Minakata Center?
But from there you can only see Engetsu Island from the side, right?
Why didn't you draw it from the rocks?
I saw it from the side.
I didn't want to draw any postcards.
Art always has these things!
Don't ask absurd questions!
Miss Miyahara, we have seen that you were...
the last person to call the Maki.
Yes, that's right, I called you.
I was wondering how... you must have been doing.
But since you didn't get on, I hung up.
And you, Mr. Fuji?
At that time it was Adventure World.
Come to think of it,
Between 10:25 and 11 o'clock I was watching the sea show.
Do you have any witnesses?
I didn't meet anyone, but I took pictures with my digital camera.
Shall we connect it to a monitor?
Eh ?
You can do these things with a digital camera?
These are the photos that Maki sent me this morning.
First she sent them to Kanako, then to Yura,
and finally, to Madoka.
She sent them to me the last one.
Then, from 2/4 of 10,
I saw the shows of the sea lions, the dolphins and the killer whales.
Here the shows begin.
(Acoustic signal: beep)

It's the same thing we've seen.
Hm!
We have seen one at 11 o'clock.
Then we must have crossed over.
(Beep, beep, beep)
- (beep) -Eh, so far!
But there is also the possibility
that you have taken pictures of the shows in the second session.
(Beep, beep, beep) -What do you mean?
I could have taken pictures of the sea lion show from 2/4 from 10 to 10,
and then the dolphin show at 2/4 of 2.
That way I had an alibi from 10 to 2/4 of 12.
Of course, I don't think so.
I think it's an interesting deduction,
but this girl is not the one we have seen.
It's true.
The trainer we saw was wearing a very long braid.
Therefore, Mr. Fuji's alibi is perfect.
If he had photographed the killer whale show at 11 o'clock,
how come they are all taken from a quarter of 1?
After that photograph he met us at 1/4 of 2.
Isn't it strange that there is no photo in more than 2 1/4 hours?
It's just that I went on the roller coasters and went to lunch.
Stop it!
I told you not to ask stupid questions!
Anyway, we would like to confirm your testimony.
Please give me a copy of your photographs.
(Think) "I'm sure, my intuition has been right,
"But in this case, what can you say about the photographs from the camera?"
"Wait."
"A laptop."
"Could be!"
Ran, can I go outside for a while?
Okay, but don't go anywhere dangerous.
Miss, I went out a moment ago.
Will you let me go back in, please?
My father is dins.
Esclar.
You didn't get your hand stamped when you left.
What?
A... stamp?
"All right! I've already got proof!"
Eh ?!
What's chilled with fever? Yes, that's why we're so busy.
"That's how I thought!"
"But how come the Maki has gone to where the Madoka was?
"After seeing us at Shirahama station?"
"And even more, the greatest of mysteries."
"I still don't know who the perpetrator of the murder is!"
I want to ride the Adventure World Roller Coaster again!
When we go home will you be a good boy and do your homework?
-I will, I will.
I promise! -Okay.
But just once.
Hurrah!
"Impossible. Surely it won't make them. Eeeeh ?!"
"Sure! It was all about that!"
"If it was, the whole mystery would be solved!"
"I have no doubt. That person murdered her!"
"The murderer is that person, but I have no proof!"
(Girl) My God!
In spite of the time of the year, it's so hot!
"Of course! This was a dead angle for me."
"I've found it! I've found the ultimate proof!"
Aren't you the guy who was with Mr. Mouri?
Ah, Mr. inspector.
What are you doing here?
You've also come to check the schedules of the marine shows?
Yes, just in case.
Mr. Mouri told me to ask you to check something else.
Eh?
Mr. Mouri?
Let's see, first Mr. Yura.
A beach watchman who was near where he was,
saw Mr. Yura drawing from 9 to 11 o'clock.
Then Miss Miyahara.
We have already been able to get testimony from the people at the restaurant.
The problem is you, Mr. Fuji.
Eh?
The orca trainer told us
that they had done all the shows with the same people.
But your camera shows a person who wasn't there today!
Yes, it's because...
Mr. Fuji, you've left Adventure World once, right?
There's no use hiding it from us.
We just have to use this ultraviolet light.
How did you know?
Don't act crazy.
You asked us to check it yourself, didn't you?
Do it, please.
Right hand, please.
What's that?
You can see some letters!
You asked for this stamp to be placed in the World of Adventure,
when you left the amusement park,
because he wanted to go back in!
Excuse me, I have passed some pictures I edited...
when I went to the Adventure World on another occasion.
-I used the computer... -Why did you do something like that?
W-well...
You and Madoka went out together, didn't you?
What are you saying?

Madoka leaves with Yura.
Fuji, you left the Adventure World at 9.50...
to go see the Madoka, which was Sandanbeki, right?
And you stopped at Shirahama Station.
If you have left the Adventure World,
Sandanbeki is in the opposite direction of where the station is located.
Why did you have to go there?
He went to buy the keychain that Madoka made him so much fun.
The one she carries in her bag.
They sell it in a store at the station.
At that moment Fuji saw the Maki and....
At that moment I had a scare.
"I didn't think I would find Maki there, that's why..."
Maki!
Ah, hello...
"I even met Mr. Mouri and his family."
I didn't want anyone to know that I'm dating the Madoka.
Especially the Maki and Yura.
I already knew!
That's why I went to see the Madoka between drawing sessions.
I arrived at Sandanbeki shortly before 12 o'clock.
"But you weren't there,
"And that keychain was already hanging on the easel."
At that moment we went to lunch.
I realized right away that we were going out together.
So, you threw away the jar with the sand, right?
Shirarahama sand?
Did you assist her for me because I said I wanted to take it home?
And you found it, kiddo?
My heart has broken just like this jar.
Aaaaah!
Why have you hidden such an important object!
-Calm down, calm down, Mr. Mouri...
That's how you took those photos
to use them as an alibi with his friends.
Yes, it was as if we were playing a game.
I'm very sorry, really.
Conan, how did you know that she and I were dating?
Because you were the first person that she called
when she found the Maki.
If you were dating, it would have been more logical for her to call Yura.
Besides, when we got to Sandanbeki,
you knew the place where the Madoka was drawing,
and I thought that today you had already met.
-Oh, right. (Kogoro) No!
Maki saw you right there, when you and Madoka were together!
And you decided to shut her up for good!
Shirahama... Aaaah...!
Not again...
But, Mr. Mouri, what happened to you?
It can't be!
This is that famous posture!
The "Sleeping Kogoro"!
(Kogoro voice) Let's see, Mr. Fuji has no connection with the case.
What?!
It wasn't him?
The main key to the case is that we changed the protagonist in the middle of the case.
And the victim, who was supposed to be Madoka, has become Maki.
Please let me explain in order.
First of all, Maki had planned to murder Madoka,
because she hated her for stealing her boyfriend.
She wanted to murder me?
And she chose Sandanbeki to carry out her diabolical plan.
But since she had a motive to kill her,
she decided to prepare an alibi.
She asked a person to stop by Shirahama Station
station to be seen.
So, then, she had an accomplice ?!
That's right!
When we ran into Maki watching the sunset,
she thought we could serve as witnesses for her.
"That's why she asked us what our plans were
"And she prepared everything
"Because we were to arrive at Shirahama Station today at 10 o'clock."
But Maki's accomplice had other plans.
Other plans?
(Kogoro voice) He wanted to change Maki's alibi,
and against the plans made, assassinate Maki herself.
Father, wait!
The Maki we saw at the Shirahama station at 10:10...
Yes, he was a fake!
"She wore a wig, a hat, sunglasses...
"And even makeup like the Maki!"
That impostor had surely already killed Maki a Sandanbeki
around 9.35 a.m., just before leaving for the station!
What?
Half an hour before meeting us?
Who did it, Mr. Mouri?
Who was it, the impostor?
It had to be a person
the victim trusted enough to ask him to be her accomplice in the murder...
her accomplice in the murder and to impersonate her.
It could only be one of the 4 of them!
Yes!
Kanako Miyahara!
Only you could do it!
You're wrong, I didn't...
But yesterday Kanako said she was sick of doing what I told her to do.
She only said that because the Maki ordered her to do it.
Like this,

the police would not suspect that Kanako would serve as an alibi.
Precisely because of what she said.
This morning, the victim left each one where he was supposed to go.....
"Then he returned to Engetsu Island...
"And took Kanako with him by car."
"While they were in the car, she has disguised herself as Maki."
"According to her plans,
she would go down and go to the far end of Sandanbeki,
the Kanako would drive to Shirahama Station...
and immediately after serving as her alibi,
Maki would kill Madoka.
Of course!
Now I understand why she wore work gloves on her jacket!
That's right!
He wanted to use them to commit the murder.
"But the Maki's plans have suddenly collapsed."
"After committing the crime,
"Kanako took the knife and the victim's wallet...
"To make it look like a robbery-homicide."
"She went straight to the car
"And showed up at Shirahama station...
"Shortly before we arrived."
"Then, as she watched us,
"She carefully planned the moment when we were to see her."
"So, when Conan said that it seemed to him that someone was watching us..."
"Yes! That person was Kanako!"
"Then, you made us see you disguised as Maki,
"And you drove to Sanshou Temple...
"While you were getting rid of the evidence."
"You abandoned the car and returned to Engetsu!"
Don't go so fast!
Do you have any proof of that?!
Yes!
Of course I do!
Even though you said you didn't want to be in anyone's way,
you started drawing on a beach full of tourists.
As you were afraid that the approximate time of death would be delayed,
"You called the Kanako
"Because she would realize that the Maki was dead as soon as possible."
This is just assumptions!
Since you say I am the murderer, show me what proof you have!
Maki wore a make-up she ordered from Paris, right?
Eh?
Maybe you can get the clothes or the bag that Maki wore, in Japan,
but you won't find any lipstick of the special color brought from Paris.
They found traces of your saliva on that lipstick.
You were the last person to use that lipstick!
And even more!
You haven't taken off Maki's lipstick at all.
Even though you are wearing it!
We have followed Mr. Mouri's orders
and we have already received the results from the forensic police.
Can we have a more detailed analysis of the saliva and blood group?
No, that won't be necessary.
I know perfectly well what it all means in medical terms.
When did you find out that I had murdered her, Mr. Mouri?
It took me a long time to determine that it was you.
Although I had the intuition that it was one of you.
But when I saw the key ring near the victim...
The... key ring?
The Maki had the key to the rental car along with his.
"And the only key that was missing from the key ring was just...
"The one to the car."
That's why Maki...
Yes, a thief would have taken the whole key ring,
because hers isn't the kind that's easy to open,
but the kind where it's hard to get the keys out.
"That's why I'm sure the Maki gave you the car key.
"After taking it out of the key ring herself."
You are a great man, Mr. Mouri, just as I would expect you to be.
I lost.
Kanako, why did you do that?
Because I entered the university illegally.
What?!
I asked Maki's father to let me enter.
And after that, Maki threatened to tell.
That's why I've been doing her bidding all this time.
I wanted to get rid of Maki... for good.
Ray, it's on.
It's on!
No, Ricardo, it's not that way.
To the left, to the left!
(gunshot)
Wait, wait, wait!
(Think) "The journalist from before!"
"He was shot with this gun."
Grab something.
And the next Conan: "The K3 of Osaka, (part one)."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...

(Corazón) ¡Me o tojite omou!
¡Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Siempre, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
¡tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
¡Sí, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Corazón) Siempre dar mi amor.
¡Siempre dar mi amor a usted!
- (Corazón) Siempre dar mi...- ¡Dar mi liiiife!

