Destiny is a clue for deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on the most mysterious cases.
The setting for today's case is Osaka.
We will see a K3 full of mysteries!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Shinichi voice) Eh?
The opening party of a restaurant?
(Heiji) "Yes, that's right."
My mom and dad invited me, but they've cooled down,
and since they can't go, I'm inviting you guys.
(Heiji) "The thing is that 3 famous American athletes
"They're opening a new restaurant in Japan and everyone here is very excited."
But listen to something... "What do you want?"
Where is it being held, this party? "It's quite clear!"
It's held in Osaka!
I'll pass!
Hey, hey!
Don't answer so fast!
"What does it cost you? Come for a few days!"
Sorry, but I have to check several things here.
I'm already at home!
(Conan voice) Ah!
Ah..., hello, Ran.
(Conan voice) Oh!
Who are you talking to?
Ah, it's Doctor Agasa...
"It's just that I was repairing the miniature cell phone today."
What's wrong?
Has anyone come home?
If it's not going well now, I'll call you later?
(Shinichi voice) No, it's no problem.
(Shinichi voice) "Really? Come on, don't be a spoilsport."
You'll be able to see great athletes in the flesh.
Professional boxer Ricardo Balera will be here,
baseball pitcher Mike Norwood, and best of all...
(Conan voice) What?
What?
THE K3 OSAKA, (PART ONE)
Look at this!
They're all here!
There is the Mai Kuraki....,
the Miho Komatsu....,
the Two Mix!
And also... also, my dear Yoko Okino!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
You don't need to shout so much, father.
You're drawing too much attention to yourself.
You're making a scene, too.
You brought an autograph "board"!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Kazuha, are you sure this is a good idea?
We haven't been officially invited.
We wouldn't want to get in anyone's way.
Oh, don't worry!
Besides, your father is a famous person too!
I guess so... By the way, there's a problem.
Has something happened with Hattori?
At Heiji is estrany.
Strany?
He talks on the phone on the sly
and asks things like: "Is there no one with you?"
"Have they found out?"
or "I'll call you back."
Don't tell me what...?
The horns.
He's cheating on me!
I'm sure a cheeky girl from who knows where has him fooled.
Who knows if it is called to that girl who came.
(Think) "This call was made to me."
Oh, it's finally starting!
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for waiting.
It is my honor to introduce to you the 3 stars we have tonight;
the owners of this K3 World Restaurant!
First, the undefeated middleweight champion of the world,
Mr. Ricardo Balera!
(Crowd: cheers)
Next up, the baseball pitcher....
who received the Young Trophy of the 160 km,
Mr. Mike Norwood!
(People: cheer)
And finally, the dreaded man....
who we know as the steel bastion of Europe..,
the famous goalkeeper Ray Curtis!
(People: standing ovation)
"He's great! It's him in person!"
Now you're glad you came, aren't you? Yes, I am!
And now we want to ask these 3 men a few questions.
First, why did you decide to choose Japan to open a restaurant?
Why did you took Japan to open your restaurant?
(wring your neck)
(English accent) Why Japan is like a second home for all 3.
- (audience) Oooooh! -Oh, they speak Japanese and everything.
And my wife and Mike's wife are Japanese.
And Ricardo loves ninjas and samurai!
Changing the subject, the name of the restaurant is K3.
The K stands for Kings, for king?
No, no, no, he gets confused.

The first k comes from the term "knock-out", the KO of boxing.
The second k refers to "strike-out",
the term used when opposing batters are struck out.
And the third is for "goal-keeper",
"Goalkeeper" in English.
Now I get it!
(Man) You don't miss a k, Ray?
In Japan it's a letter that perfectly describes men who, like you.
who, like you, are loaded with scandals.
The k stands for "kitanai", which means "dirty"!
I also received an invitation
and I'm a guest like any other.
I don't know who did the invitations, but I am very grateful to them.
When I see sushi, my eyes glaze over.
(laughs)
Who is this guy?
He's a famous man in the United States.
A journalist who has made a name for himself
publishing the scandals of famous sportsmen.
They're usually his own inventions,
but he writes in such a confusing way
that they have not been able to win him any complaints.
You'll have to watch out for him, too.
-Why do you say that?
-I don't know...
Well, let's keep the party going,
and we'll start a question and answer session for all of you.
Is there any guest who would like to ask a question to these 3 men?
Go ahead, go ahead, don't stay!
Me!
-Huh? -Huh?
Ooooh!
A very brave young lady has raised her hand!
So, come up to the stage, please.
But..., Ran!
All right, miss, ask whatever you want.
Actually... more than a question... I wanted to ask you something...
Mr. Ray, signi'm an autograph, please!
But..., daughter!
(People: laughing)
No, can't it be?
No!
It had been said that today no autographs.
All right, all right!
I'll make an exception and I'll give a signature to this girl
for having brought joy back to the party.
Thank you very much, Mr. Ray! (People: clapping and cheering)
Would you sign one of my T-shirts?
Would you do it for me?
(Flow) You can't do it.
These T-shirts are by lottery.
-It's okay!
There are still 3 left. -Yes, but...
If possible, I would like you to dedicate it.
No problem!
What's your name, girl?
Ah, no, it's not for me...
Shinichi.
Can you say it's for Shinichi?
Is he your boyfriend? Well no, it's not exactly that...
"Wow, he remembered that I'm Ray's fan!"
Ouch!
Maco, you better play a trick on him, later!
(Shinichi's voice) Yeah, I know...
-Isn't it a little strange? -What's that?
"Goalkeepers usually wear the 1, on their jersey."
Why does he wear an 8?
Because in Ray, he used to play as a midfielder.
In a World Cup match, the 2 goalkeepers got injured,
and the situation was so critical that he was put in goal.
"He made some spectacular saves,
"And finally the team came in second place."
"Even when he played goalie
"In a top team in the Spanish league, he still wore the 8!"
And even though he wears it now, when he plays in the American soccer league.
Another thing: what does this 99 mean?
Isn't it too high a number, for a baseball player?
It refers to the 99-mile trophy.
It is won by those who have reached this speed
thrown the baseball.
And listen, what does this number 4 mean?
You see?
It appears on the boxing gloves along with the signature!
That's because Ricardo always knocks out his opponent in the fourth round,
and he ended up adding a 4 to his signature.
Oh, is that why?
You should have done some research before coming here!
I was more interested in phone numbers than in T-shirts.
-Are you still with the same one? -You can see I am.
Thanks for waiting for me.
(laughs)
My God, you did this for a young man who doesn't know where he stops?
This is my business, not yours.
Oh, wait... It has, Conan! Eh?
It's a ticket for the special game that Ray will play tomorrow
at Nagai Stadium.
It's a secret, okay?
Will you go?
Yes, I'll go!
"What luck!"
Apa!
What generosity!
But he asked me to do him a favor in return.
Look at this.
A radio transmitter?
He wants to do something to surprise everyone.
Ray, it's on.
It's on!
No, Ricardo, it's not that way.
To the left, to the left!
Ah, try to form the letter k by turning on the lights...

of the hotel rooms above the restaurant.
It has not yet been inaugurated.
When the guests come out of the restaurant they will be surprised!
But they don't have to do it themselves.
As it has happened to them, they want to do it themselves.
If anyone saw them, they would cause a big commotion,
that's why they'd rather have us come out
to see if the lyrics are formed correctly.
(Ray) "Ran? I turned on the lights that I was supposed to turn on?"
You are missing the last window on the second floor.
The lamp is not on.
Molt well!
I'm coming!
Mike, open the curtains wide.
They're half closed.
(Mike) "Already?" Yes, all right.
Ricardo, you're done too! "Yes!"
(Ray) "Ran, is it already on?"
Let's see...
Yes, it's on!
- (people) Ooooohhhh! -Yes, very good!
(Heiji) The K is already formed!
(Salvo and brittle)
The window glass!
It has also felt a shot!
Ah, wait.
Kazuha!
Tell them not to move from the room where they are!
-Hey!
Wait a moment! -Huh?
(Heiji) This way!
(Heiji) This is the reporter from before!
He's been shot with this gun.
Grab something with your left hand.
What the fuck...?
Is it the belt?
The murder victim is Ed McKay, 48.
An American journalist based in Chicago.
He was shot in the chest and died almost instantly.
The weapon used is a Smith & Wesson revolver.
We found slight signs of a struggle,
so he must have been alive for a few moments after the shot.
Hei, do you know what time he felt the shot?
Yes, it was a little after 8:05.
The Kazuha and I heard the gunshot from outside the hotel
and we saw the glass in this room break.
From outside?
So soon, you must have left the party?
No!
No!
The 3 of them asked us for a favor.
"They wanted us to see if the hotel lights formed a K."
as they had planned.
Which 3 do you mean?
Naturally, I mean the owners of K3.
Ricardo Balera, the professional boxer;
baseball pitcher Mike Norwood,
and professional soccer player Ray Curtis!
And by any chance, are they also the ones who turned on the lights?
Yes, that's right!
Ray was in charge of the 5 on the first and second floors.
Mike was in charge of the 4 lights on the third and fourth floors.
Ricardo was in charge of turning on the two lights on the fifth floor.
This means that these 3 men could not have committed the murder.
Yes, it is possible.
Especially since they had no sympathy for the victim.
But they couldn't have done it.
Room in the middle of the second floor, right?
They were in different rooms, well away from this one!
Oi, Ran?
Yes...
Do you know exactly which rooms they were in, the three of them?
Mike was in the room above this one,
He opened the curtains, which were half closed.
Then, in Richard's room, he turned off the light...
of the second room starting from the left, on the top floor,
which he had switched on by mistake.
Then Ray turned on the light in the room on the right corner of the lowest floor.
of the right corner of the lowest floor.
Just when we thought it was on, he felt a gunshot.
Did you see them at any time? No.
But from the moment that Mike opened the curtains
until Ray turned on the light, only 5 seconds passed.
After the shot, all three looked out the window.
asking what happened.
Caram.
So who killed him?
And couldn't it have been one of the guests when they came?
When Heiji and I came here, the place was already full and it was easy to pass by,
the place was already crowded and it was easy to go unnoticed!
"Surely the murderer has hidden himself in some room,"
has blended in with the crowd and fled in the confusion.
But if we follow this theory, all the guests are suspects.
Taking them as witnesses will be a lot of work.
Hey, look at this!
Look at this man's left hand!
He's holding something!
-Looks like... the belt! -Huh?! -It looks like... the belt! -Huh?
And that too.
Look at the fingers of the right hand!
The ring finger and the little finger are bent!
Who was playing "rock, paper, scissors" with the killer?
Conan, stop it!
Heiji, wait.
This means that...

Yes, surely the belt and this position of the fingers are clues?
that he has tried to leave while dying!
But he's not sure if he meant to leave a clue with the belt or not.
Maybe he was referring to the pants
or maybe he wanted to take them off to show something!
You're such a donkey, girl!
If he had wanted to say something about the pants,
she would have put her hand on the top.
If she had tried to take off her belt, she would have her hand.
Then I'll take this as evidence
and question the guests expected in the restaurant.
-It won't be necessary, that! -Huh?
Yes it was, here!
One of those 3 men was here.
The belt, exactly.
only the man who has fought bravely
deserves the honor of wearing it around his waist and proves that he is a champion.
The killer is Ricardo Balera, the middleweight champion!
And what does it mean, the sign of the fingers?
If Ricardo wins the fourth round,
the fingers would mean a "four".
Then it must be Ray, the professional soccer player!
He has played in 3 countries: Italy, Spain and the United States.
He also played in the English Premier League, and they won.
Ah, that's right.
Maybe it has nothing to do with a 3, but with baseball.
Like when the pitcher catches the ball with 3 fingers to throw it.
Yeah, that's it!
The killer must be Mike, the baseball pitcher!
Too simple!
His team hasn't won the league,
and even if they did, they don't get a belt!
"And neither does soccer!"
The key to this case is the fingers on his right hand
and the white belt in his left hand.
First we will have to solve this puzzle.
The strap?
Don't you know?
Some people call the belt a "leash".
That's just what my parents call it, but...
Belt..., 3, bando, san, bando-san, Bandosan!
Esclaaaaar!
It's called Bando!
We'll see if there are any guests who say it this way!
If we find it, we'll have the case solved!
(laughs)
Heiji, is this man really that "Sleeping Kogoro"?
Yes, he seems to be a little drunk today.
We'll have to take care of the deceased's message later.
Shall we start by looking for someone who reacts with the kerosene test?
You're right, we'll start with the guests waiting in the restaurant downstairs.
-And naturally, also the 3 men waiting in the room.
Please, next.
About that, excuse me...
Yes?
-By any chance, is your name Bando? -No, I don't mean... -No, I don't mean me.
Dis-excuse me, sir.
Oh, gee!
Has anyone tested positive on the kerosene test?
-No, not yet. What about these 3 men here?
We've tested them just in case, but they haven't tested positive.
And the physical examinations?
Yes, we gave them a simple examination,
but their managers haven't stopped giving us a hard time.
By the way, what I heard is true?
I mean Mouri's comment:
That these 3 had no sympathy for the dead journalist.
Yes, it seems to be true.
It was suspected that en Ricardo had illegally manipulated a fight
and forced him to retire when he was still unbeaten.
Ray was kicked out of the league because he was suspected of using drugs.
Mike was divorced because he was having an affair.
But now he is married to a Japanese woman and they seem to be doing well.
It was all triggered by that journalist with unsubstantiated articles.
How do you know if those articles had any basis or not?
They sued him and won!
They proved that they had nothing to do with those scandals.
That's why I don't think they had any motive to kill him.
Yes.
I think you're right.
(Thinking) "Come on, Kudo. What's wrong with you?"
"You're behaving very strangely."
None of the 3 of them couldn't commit the crime at that time!
Hey, Kudo, you don't look the same.
(Shinichi voice) It's impossible!
It can't be true!
And I'll prove it to you!
Wait and see!
The restaurant workers were calling him, "Strap! Sandal!"
Ed, that journalist, spoke Japanese very fluently.
And the next Conan: "Osaka's K3, (part two)."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!

(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

