Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today in Conan s'enrabia when he discovers who is the murderer!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "In response to a request from en Heiji,
"We went to Osaka to attend the opening of a restaurant."
"The owners of the restaurant were these 3:
former professional boxer Ricardo Balera,
baseball pitcher Mike Norwood
and professional soccer player Ray Curtis.
"But as we were helping them carry out their plan,
"We heard a gunshot!"
(Gunshot)
"We went to the room where the shot was coming from.
"And we saw that they had murdered journalist Ed McKay!"
K3 OSAKA, (PART TWO)
(Kogoro) What the hell!
Because of the crime, the party has gone down the drain.
They have also cancelled the drawing for the uniforms.
You were lucky that you got your uniform before everything happened!
Yeah, I guess...
Eh?
Now that you mention it, where are they, Conan and Heiji?
Ah... maybe they've gone with Inspector Ootaki,
to help him in the investigation.
For... To help him in the investigation?!
What a nerve!
You don't need to worry so much about them.
They've already found the gun.
They'll find the murderer in no time.
Maybe you're right, I'm sure they will!
Think Heiji will be with him at all times!
Eh, yes...
(Heiji) Since they haven't opened the hotel, there's no elevator working.
"Those 3 men could only use the stairs...
"To move upstairs, downstairs."
"All the rooms have the same layout.
"And the light switches are located at this point."
"No sign that the wiring has been tampered with."
"And it appears that the only way to turn the lights on and off
"is to flick the switches."
"Oh... Wait a minute!"
"Mike said he opened the curtains."
"If he made a set up to open the curtain.
"Stretching a string tied to the end,
"Maybe they opened it from far away."
(Shinichi voice) I don't think it's possible.
I examined the room where there was in Mike first of all,
and there was no sign that they had tied a string to the curtain.
What was closest to the murder site is on Ray,
but it would have taken him 10 seconds to run down the stairs
and get to that room after turning on the lights.
In Ray suffers from a chronic left knee injury,
and it would have been impossible for him to do it.
Mike injured his Achilles heel and does rehab.
In Ricardo he has never been a good runner.
None of them have been able to commit the crime at that time.
Ep, Kudo, you don't look the same.
Eh?
You should have been the first to suspect
of witnesses with alibis as weak as these men's.
Are you sure about that?
Even if I had gone to the room and knocked on the door,
it would have taken the person inside five seconds to open the door and let him in.
That's impossible.
Ep, Kudo.
What the fuck is this? Eh?
What are you talking about?
It's just a mop.
In a customer's room? Yeah, it's pretty weird...
Hey, Kudo... Do you think it's possible?
For the other 2 it's impossible,
but if he's used something he always uses,
he could turn on the switches from far away.
Ha-ha-ha!
But what are you saying?
He didn't have this object, and... he wasn't in the room.
But what are you saying?!
Something so small could have hidden it anywhere!
It can't be true!
It can't be true!
And I'll prove it to you myself!
Wait and see!
(Think) "Kudo..."
"Wasn't it you, who told me...
"That when we put aside the impossible things,

"The only thing that remains is the truth,
"As unbelievable as it may seem to us?"
"Kudo, didn't you say it yourself?"
(Think) "This..., this is...!"
(Kogoro) This time I'm absolutely sure!
I've heard it said in some restaurant before.
Ran, be careful.
It must be another pun.
I'm serious!
The workers at that restaurant called it, "Strap, sandal!"
I understand that Ed, the journalist, was fluent in Japanese,
and he knew a lot about Japan.
It seems to me that he had something to do
with a tempura, sushi or sukiyaki restaurant.
(He thinks) "That's right.... Now I get it!"
"Damn!"
Hey, what's it doing here, this deflated ball?
This means there's one more.
-Maybe they had it in reserve. -You mean?
Mr. Inspector, can we go now?
These two say they'd like to go back to the hotel for a shower.
No, it's just that...
There's no problem, is there, Inspector Ootaki?
Neither of them tested positive for kerosene, did they?
No, but Heiji...
In exchange for this...
I'd like to ask you to do me a favor, please.
You want me to do you a favor?
That's right.
Ray...
you...
"Me"?
(Heiji) "There's a person who wants to see you."
"It's in the hotel room where you were before."
(Heiji) "Please ask him... In fact, he's a big fan of yours."
(Conan voice) Yes....
It's a very simple setup.
First of all he left the door of the room wide open,
then he's taken the closet door off and he's taken the mop.
He placed the closet door parallel to the switch once the light was on.
once the light was on.
Then, he put the mop between the door and the switch....
so that the tip would hold the door.
Then everything was ready!
All he had to do was take the ball and kick it down the stairs.
In this way, deliberately leaving the window curtain open,
it would seem to us that you were in that room
turning on the light.
Am I right...
...Ray?
After 2 or 3 attempts, even a kid like me could do it.
And if we're talking about Ray, who had been a midfielder...
famous for his goals and penalty kicks..,
he could do it with his eyes closed.
This way, I could turn on the light on the second floor...
while it was the second floor.
And at the same time, he could commit the murder of the journalist...
who was in the room on the second floor.
That way he could secure his alibi,
making us believe that he was on the second floor!
Little boy... You don't have to make these jokes!
His plan was as follows:
the lights he had planned to turn on
were the 5 that are on the 2 lines below the letter.
He made the assembly in the second one he had to turn on.
In other words, in the room that is.... in front of the staircase.
After turning on the light in the first room, he went to the second room and went to the second room,
he went to the second room, prepared the set-up,
took out the pistol and the ball that he was hiding.
and climbed up the stairs.
And he turned on the lights in the third, fourth and fifth rooms.
And he did so without turning on the light in the second room first.
Then, as he knew that the Ran was looking at how the facade looked,
"He made her notice that the lamp in the second room was off,
"And he said, 'I'm coming."
"He kicked the soccer ball out of the second-floor door.
"And the light in the second room on the second floor went on.
"Then he rushed to the room where Ed was waiting for him....
"And he murdered her."
He threw the gun in the room
and ran down the stairs.
When he leaned out of the window, pretending to be surprised by the shot,
we'd think you'd been in that room the whole time.
Did I get any details wrong... Ray?
Oh.
Very good, very well received!
You've done very well.
But you're neglecting one thing.
The Ran said it:
from the time I turned on the light until the shot was felt,
only 3 seconds have passed.
I could not do all this in such a short time:
kick the ball, sting in the room where Ed was, wait for him to come out.
In 3 seconds it's impossible.

He didn't knock on the door after shooting it,
he shot it after kicking.
After knocking on Ed's door, he went to the stairs,
fired at the same time as he opened the door.
and asked the Ran to confirm the ignition as he approached the Ed.
as he approached the Ed.
If he shot him immediately, he could do it in 3 seconds.
By tying a thread to the mop and stretching it,
he would also have been able to turn off the light.
"This means that on Ricardo, which was the fifth floor,"
he could have done it too.
In any case, the murder scene was the second floor,
the floor you were in charge of.
It was impossible for him to commit the crime
without you meeting him at some point.
Therefore, we conclude...
that you are the only person who could have done it, Ray!
But, kiddo, if I had fired, the powder...
They do the kerosene test
on the hands, the sleeves of the jacket and the pants,
they don't do it inside the clothes.
Before committing the murder, he took off his jacket....
"He has put on his shirt and pants inside out,
"And shot him afterwards."
"Before leaving through the window, he put his jacket back on,
"And while waiting in the room, he put on his clothes the right way round."
At that moment...
he used this valve to deflate the balloon...
and hid it under his jacket.
I found it in the wastebasket in the washroom after you left!
And under the table where the autographed items are,
there was a deflated ball that wasn't there before.
You can't prove that I put it there.
Ed wanted to warn us... that his killer was you.
"" The position of the fingers on Ed's right hand.
"It's the position in which you eat sushi."
"And the position of the other holding the belt means 'leash.'"
"In sushi restaurants,
"Employees use a code of symbols."
"The 8 is the belt sign."
That is, the killer is on Ray Curtis,
the player who wears an 8 on his shirt.
This is his posthumous message.
Come to think of it, the towel in this room was wet.
He washed his face and hands, didn't he?
It's so easy to get the powder out of your skin with a little water.
Gee, that's funny.
The more he investigated things to prove his innocence,
the more evidence came out proving that you were the guilty one.
Gee, boy...
Sorry to disappoint you,
but you can't incriminate me with any of the evidence you mentioned.
This shirt, as well as the pants,
are spare clothes that my agent had prepared for me.
I changed because I was sweaty,
and my agent took the other clothes.
They should be in the laundry by now.
And the shoes?
The shoes?
In case the gun is automatic,
"When the powder is released,
"it does so in the same plane as the direction of the shot."
"But when we're talking about a revolver,
"The powder is released radially, and it also lands on the shoes!"
Ray, those are the same shoes he was wearing when he committed the murder, right?
Because he had to make sure he shot the ball right.
If he hasn't changed them yet, I'm sure there will be.
This is definitive proof.
Hand it over to the police, please.
Ray, hand it over to the police.
I'm asking you.
I'm sorry, that's impossible.
If I'm arrested,
my fans and my family will be very sad.
As you warned me, I'll go get my shoes shined...
so I can have an excuse for the police.
Wait.
This isn't the only one you have to explain.
Don't you, "Steel Bastion of Europe"?
Ray Curtis!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What's the problem?
What's the problem, Ray?
This is the kind of shot a high school kid would take.
It's kind of a shot you could stop with one hand.
What's the matter with you?
Come in.
Come in, Ray!
Answer me!
Boy, when did you know?
When did you know he had a body wrecked by drugs?
The yawning and the joint pains
are symptoms of drug withdrawal.
I noticed it when he came out of the bathroom.
He touched his right knee, which was hurting,
instead of the left one, the knee where he has an old injury.

Drug addicts do not stop taking drugs, partly because of the euphoria
partly because of the state of euphoria,
and because they can't stand the muscle and joint pain that comes with withdrawal.
that withdrawal entails.
As those articles said, the superpartits I played were due to...
No, that's a lie!
I started taking drugs
after that lie was cleared up, to get back at Ed.
What he wrote was a lie,
but he pushed my wife to commit suicide
and I planned my revenge.
I started by provoking him into suspecting me again
and making him come under an alias in Japan, my wife's homeland.
Under the pretext that we were meeting
to sell him the exclusive on Ray's drug addiction.
Afterwards, he would drink...
to escape from the sadness of losing Keiko.
I had to rely on drugs... (cries).
(Cries) It was the only way.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop all this!
Even if you meet with a bitter face of life,
drugs and murder are faults that admit of no excuse.
They deserve the loser's red card.
It's true, I was a cheater.
A bad player.
And I lost again.
Expulsion... from the field.
Both for my late wife...
and by a fan like you.
(Off) "After that, in Ray admitted his crime...
"and turned himself in to the Osaka Metropolitan Police."
"The goalkeeper with the number 8 disappeared from the goal forever."
Eh?
Looks like something's happened.
"It contains a bomb! Do not touch!"
What are you doing?
Moving a suspect?
(Think) "It's not normal. This scene of events is not normal!"
And the next Conan: "The transfer case, (part one)"
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

