Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
The train is approaching Tokyo.
What will happen to you, the inspectors?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "Returning from Osaka with the bullet train,
"We met at the Sato and Takagi,
"who were transferring a detainee in Tokyo."
"But the commotion caused by the existence of an alleged bomb...
"Caused Inspector Sato to go to the place where it had been found."
"At the same time, due to the insistence of the detainee,
"That he wanted to go to the bathroom,
"Takagi had to take him alone."
"And then, the detainee committed suicide."
"But..."
THE TRANSFER CASE, (SECOND PART)
Exactly.
This is a full-fledged murder.
(At the same time) A full-blown murder?
Yes.
First, the murderer has placed in the rear car washroom...
that dummy bomb to cause a ruckus.
"When I went to see what was going on..,
"He instructed the detainee to ask to go to the toilet across the street,
"without Takagi noticing."
"In the washroom, the detainee has used the blood with heparin...
"And the knife to pretend to commit suicide."
"That way, Takagi would take off his handcuffs and go to warn me."
"After that, the murderer kept watch in Takagi...
"To make sure he got away."
"Then he came to this washroom..."
and killed the detainee.
(Takagi) But he had the knife well stuck.
And before the detainee came in, I checked inside...
and there was no knife and there was no blood bag with heparin.
That knife was probably just a handle without a blade.
-It was a fake knife. (Takagi) What?
Surely, the place where he hid it...
was inside this diaper changing net.
He must have left...
the prepared blood and the fake knife, with a note.
Wh-what note?
A note describing a false plan to deceive the detainee.
Where it would say, for example: "I've planted a bomb."
"Use the blood and the knife to pretend you have committed suicide."
"When the policeman has left, we will flee in confusion."
How come you didn't quickly notify Inspector Sato by cell phone?
Ah... it's just that... we were entering a tunnel and there was no signal...
-Aaah! (Sato) Of course.
There should also have been a watch with the note.
The note was to include the following:
"Act when the train enters the Shintanna tunnel."
-Eh? (Sato) -Huh?
We have fallen into the trap.
With the amount of blood this man has lost,
the killer will also be covered in blood.
This is true.
If he returned to the wagon covered in blood, anyone would have noticed.
Ran, did you see any strangers in the carriage where we were traveling?
Ah, no.
After Inspector Takagi took away the detainee in the toilet,
I've been looking at the access door,
but the only one who came out is Inspector Takagi.
This means that the killer has come out of car 3
and fled to car 1, in the direction of the head of the train.
This will complicate our task of finding him.
(Thinking) "Eh?"
"What is this?"
"There's something on this blood-soaked hand at the ready."
"Now I get it!"
"The killer has used that."
AAAAAAAAA!
I've told you a thousand times to watch him! Uh, yes.
How did the murderer make her understand to go to the toilet?
And, moreover, without Takagi noticing it.
Hey, Takagi.
Hey, yes.
After I went to the washroom in the back car,
did you see anyone with a suspicious... manner?
Eh?
No..., not especially.
"When you left,
"Only two or three men passed through the corridor."

Do you remember what they looked like, these men?
I don't know..., I've only seen them for a second.
I remember them.
You what?
There were only 3 men in the hallway.
Two carrying a newspaper and one carrying a coffee can.
Would you recognize them, if you saw them?
Hm!
-What?! -What?! - They murdered a man?!
In the... toilet?
And why the hell do we have to let inspectors interrogate us, hmm?!
Ah, no, it's just that... just before we took that man into the bathroom,
you guys passed by his seat.
Maybe one of the 3 of you signaled him to go to the toilet....
This, we think.
He-he...
Can you tell us why you passed by the side of your seat?
My seat is 4 rows behind yours.
"There's started to be a lot of commotion in the carriage,
"and I've gone to the front to read the paper."
I get it.
And now you.
Let's see.
Yes.
I bought a can of coffee and went back to my seat.
"I heard there was a bomb at I don't know what toilet."
I didn't imagine that someone had been killed...
Hm... Next, please.
I also...
I was afraid of the bomb, so I left.
We were told that Mr. Akashi and Mr. Iwakuni kept a diary.
-Yes. -Yes, he also kept one.
Speaking of newspapers, this gentleman was also reading one at his seat.
Yes, that's right.
That's right.
Gentlemen, can we have your newspapers?
And above all, Mr. Tokuyama, don't forget the coffee, please.
(Kogoro) Ya...
So all 3 of you have gone up to Shin-Osaka Station
and bought a newspaper at the kiosk on the platform before boarding the train.
(Think) "Mr. Iwakuni was carrying the 'Horse Racing 7'."
"Mr. Tokuyama, the morning edition of the 'Maicho' newspaper....".
"And the coffee can."
"And Mr. Akashi, a 'Nichiuri Sports'."
"None of the newspapers do not have the words 'sink' or 'toilets' to the headlines."
"And none of them have punctures or bloodstains."
"And the same can be said of the can."
"There's nothing that could tell you 'go to the washroom'."
"Huh?"
"Wait."
"I could swear this is..."
What the ?!
That the man has stuck a knife in his stomach in the bathroom?!
So, it must not be a suicide?!
Yes, but the whole thing was a hoax to fool us...
and someone had pulled it out of his stomach...
and the position in which the knife had fallen was not natural.
Maybe he was having trouble pulling the knife out...
and he got up and tried to pull it out with both hands.
This boy is right.
If he pulled the knife out, there's no telling in which direction it would fall!
-They say they suspect us just because of that?
Eh, no...
I refuse to be held back when the train arrives in Tokyo!
-And so do I.
I-I do, too.
Hey, Kogoro... Mm?
What do you want?
Do you remember the newspaper you bought...
on the platform at Shin-Osaka Station?
Yes.
Let's see...
The "Horse Racing 7", the "Nichiuri Sports" and a can of coffee.
And also 2 packs of tobacco, I think.
And why do you want to know?
Not at all...
(Think) "I knew I was right."
"The killer said something strange."
"Now I know...
"How that man managed to make the prisoner go to the bathroom...
"And how he committed the murder."
"And I also saw the weak point that he missed."
It's a suicide!
It is clear that he committed suicide.
If it's not a murder, we have nothing to peel!
Hey, man, well...
There's... nothing more to say.
(Megaphone: woman) "We thank you for traveling with us."
"In a few moments we will be arriving at the Tokyo terminus station."
-I'm leaving too. -One... just a moment.
We're in a bit of a mess.
In addition to killing the prisoner we were transporting,
his murderer is escaping from under our noses.
We're in deep shit.
Especially you, Takagi, who was guarding him at the time...
They'll make you pay dearly.
No, please...
Don't worry.
If they send you away, I'll hire you to my detective agency...
as an assistant.
Aaaah!
(thump)
Ay, mamita mía...
Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) Takagi, what I want to say is very simple.

I still can't make an assistant of mine either way.
Whether you are or not will only depend
on whether you can do your job as a real police inspector.
I want to make sure that you do your duty
by arresting the man back there...
for murder.
-You mean that man...?
-You already know who the murderer is?
The problem is how the murderer has managed
to communicate the message "go to the toilet" to the detainee
without Inspector Takagi noticing.
Now we need to focus on what you see here.
When the suspects passed by the detainee's side,
they were carrying newspapers and a coffee can.
Now do you understand, Takagi?
It was here, where the code for the toilet was hidden!
Oh... But where?
Where can you find these letters?
Take a look.
What don't you see?
Toilet..., which is often indicated by the letters WC.
Which of the headlines you see includes... any of these letters?
Eh?
Come on, Takagi!
(Thinks) "No, it can't be."
(Takagi) World Cup: the World Cup!
That's right, the murderer has carried the newspaper under his arm,
so that this headline could be seen well.
"And when he passed by the detainee's side,
"He must have pointed a finger at the letter W...
"To tell him to go to the bathroom."
Isn't that right, Mr. Akira Akashi?
You were carrying the sports newspaper!
What?
Th-that's not funny at all.
You can't take me for a murderer because I was carrying a sports diary.
It's true...
Associating the letter W in World Cup
with the acronym for "toilet" would be neither logical nor convincing.
That's why Mr. Akashi planted that bomb bag in the toilet.
He made the train staff go and talk to the inspectors.
"And in this way he caused the detainee to get
"A more vivid impression of the letter W as indicating 'washroom'."
And if after pointing out to him the letter in question,
he pointed him in the direction of the washroom,
he could make the detainee understand that he had to go to the back bathroom,
without having to say a single word.
Mr. Akashi had probably seen Inspector Takagi...
buy tickets today.
He has boarded the same train and executed his plan....
Ah... Stop it, please!
Don't grab my cheeks!
Oh.
I'm sorry!
I thought you were really asleep.
(thinks) "Oh, my God."
I'd heard so much about it,
but this is the first time I've seen the "Sleeping Kogoro" in action.
The-the "Sleeping Kogoro"!
Th-that famous detective?
I don't know what the hell kind of sleeping beast he must be,
but it hasn't been proven to be a murder yet,
and you're foisting the crime on me!
It is murder.
The knife on the floor was in an unnatural position.
How he must have struggled to remove the knife,
he must have gotten up to pull it out with both hands.
Caram.
And why did he have to get up to pull it off with both hands?
He-he-he-he-he! What is he, an idiot?
If he didn't get up, he couldn't take the Gani with his left hand...
Right.
In fact, the detainee was handcuffed to the bar of the sink,
"And unless he stood up, he couldn't have been pulled off."
But it is strange.
If you haven't seen the scene, how could you have known this detail?
I-I figured it out.
I heard that the inspector had gone to warn the inspector,
and I thought that surely he had immobilized the detainee
with handcuffs on the bar of the sink.
And how did you know that the man was wearing handcuffs?
Because when I passed by the inspector's seat, I saw that the other man was wearing a handcuff,
I saw that the other man was wearing a cloth covering his hands!
And how did you find out that the man was the victim?
From the way the events unfolded...
If you have to tell me anything else, I want you to show me the evidence.
You found my fingerprints on the murder weapon?!
That I have blood stains from that man?
It's impossible that we found any traces of blood, sir.
You made the prisoner take the diary,
"you plunged the knife through the pages...
"And pulled it out the same way."
This is evidenced by the fact that on the victim's right hand, all bloody,
an important detail has remained:
a stamped fragment of the article he was taking.
This saved him from getting blood splattered on it.

What the hell are you guys doing?!
This is my diary!
There is no hole and no blood!
Because it is the second diary you have bought.
What?!
It's a copy of the same diary I bought at the station.
The "Nichiuri".
Oi, Conan?
(Conan voice) It's the same diary as the boy's.
I repeat.
Do you have any proof that I bought 2?
Gee, there's something wrong with this diary, Inspector.
The diary you bought at Kogoro and the boy's diary look very similar,
but the headlines are different.
Look closely and you'll see the difference.
It's true!
In the father's paper it says "World Cup hero arrested for murder".
But in this one it says: "World Cup hero questioned".
The newspapers sold at the stations usually have these differences from those sold elsewhere.
from those sold elsewhere.
They tend to carry them later,
and so headlines and articles can be changed at the last minute.
Because it was a news story, they changed the headline.
So, the newspaper that Mr. Akashi had....
(Sato) He probably bought it from a supermarket.
It was very convenient to make the toilet stop work.
And then, while waiting at the station...
for the time to transfer the detainee..,
he bought another newspaper to avoid being splashed with blood.
He bought the same sports newspaper,
because if someone saw it without it after the murder,
maybe they would suspect him.
It is not true!
I bought it
because I found it curious that they had different headlines.
So, can you show me?
Show me the "Nichiuri Sports" you bought at the station.
It's just that... it's just that...
You probably flushed it down one of the toilets on the train.
If we examine the tanks, I'm sure we'll find it.
(Conan voice) Shit!
(Conan's voice) You bastard!
You won't escape!
Take this one!
(Conan) Come on.
Surrender right now!
Inspector Takagi.
That's great!
I knew it, a straight ball.
Eh? Ah, nothing.
(Off) "Inspector Megre and his men who were waiting at the station...
"Arrested the killer and took him to headquarters."
"The motive was to shut the victim's mouth,
"for fear that he wouldn't give up the drug routes."
"Ironically, the killer confessed,
"And one of these clandestine routes was successfully destroyed."
"Thanks to this contribution,
"Inspectors Sato and Takagi were not expelled from the force,
"and Takagi was spared from being Kogoro's assistant."
Genta, wait.
What's the matter with you?
De-de-de-facto... There's an assassin trying to kill him meeeeee!
(At the same time) Alertaaaaa!
Hey, Genta, anyway, can you give us more details?
How come he wants to kill you?
And the next Conan: "The mess in Genta"
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

