Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today's protagonist is Genta.
He will help all together.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is the detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Students) Enjoy your meal!
Don't be ashamed of your food.
Mengeu's everything like good children.
(At the same time) Yessssss!
Where have you seen, a high school student eating in the class of some kids.
I would cry.
Well, I quite like it.
I don't know what you're complaining about.
In America, I used to eat lunch alone in the cafeteria at school.
That's why I find it fun to eat lunch in such a lively dining room.
At first I was a little homesick too...
Ah.
Mitsuhiko, you left your carrots behind again.
I'll eat them all together in the end.
(Thinking) "The one who doesn't like it is left out."
"Then there are the idiots who eat in a hurry.
"To act brave."
"If there's anyone like that it's..."
Hooray, I'm the first!
Oh!
"Hasn't it been in Genta?" (Students: applaud)
Miss Kobayashi, I'm not feeling well,
can I go and rest for a while?
Eeeh?
Eeeh? (Students) Eeeeeeeh?
(At the same time) Eeeeeeeh?
THE MESSES OF IN GENTA
(Mitsuhiko) This must be investigated.
En Genta has left all the food on the plate.
(Ayumi) Maybe he's on a diet...
That's impossible, that glutton on a diet?
It's been 2 or 3 days since he came to Genta to play with us.
And after school, he goes home alone.
We don't know if the grown-ups are giving him a hard time.
He's not the kind of kid who bullies at school.
And even if they did, he'd be safer coming home with us.
Maybe he's got problems at home.
Maybe he's got problems at home.
Maybe they have someone in the family who's sick, or maybe there's fighting?
If that were the case, we would have nothing to say.
(Ayumi) That can't be...
-That's impossible... (Ayumi) Miss...
Her parents run a liquor store,
and they're healthy, well-adjusted people.
I went home yesterday because I was worried.
But Genta looked frightened.
When he comes home he locks himself in his room,
covers himself with the sheets and trembles with fear.
But, Miss, why should he be afraid?
I asked them many times, but they wouldn't tell me.
Perhaps you could talk.
If I find out what's wrong, will you tell me too?
Yes, of course I will.
(School bell)
Genta, wait.
May I know why you're marching around like a thief?
Do you do the special training of the ninjas?
That's why you don't eat, because you want to get in shape.
Yes, yes, it's true.
The other day I saw an awesome ninja movie.
An apprentice ninja wouldn't shiver in fear under the sheets.
I'm sure you've dreamed that a dismembered warrior killed you
and now you're running from some fictional enemy.
Haven't you?
No-it wasn't a dream.
Wasn't it...
Really what?
This: really what?
De-de-de-fact... There's a murderer trying to kill him meeeeee!
-A murderer? -A murderer?
-Stop joking, Genta! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's impossible for a murderer to chase a child to kill him.
They're right, they're not like you or me... Oops...
I've been an idiot, I shouldn't have explained.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
Genta.
Tell us in more detail, please.
(Ayumi) We promise we won't laugh.
I heard strange footsteps
when I was passing under the train crossing.
"As it was very dark I didn't see it,
"But it stopped when I stopped and ran when I ran."
I'm sure it was the echo of your footsteps in the corridor.
This is not all!
He pushed me down the steps of the pedestrian crossing,
and yesterday a motorcycle ran into me!
-It must be a coincidence.

Just... - (call) They are not coincidences!
Because that man...
that gentleman...
What a fat screw.
He's a danger.
Where did he fall from?
(At the same time: they call) Alert!
(Rumbling)
(Ayumi) A letter has fallen off the sign!
I'm sure the screws were old and it fell off by chance.
You're having an unlucky day.
Have you thought about having an exorcism?
It's neither a coincidence nor an unlucky day.
There are marks on the cable
that demonstrate that it has been cut with some sharp object.
It had been done previously.
So it would not hold the sign when the screws were loosened.
This means that it would have touched anyone who passed by.
No, it looks like it had a clear purpose.
What's that?
Look at this.
This is the Yaiba the Masked's dummy
that you often look at in Genta, right?
So, as he said...
Yes, it looks like a person wants to murder in Genta.
Yes, there is no doubt.
(People: whispers)
Genta, anyway, can you give us more details?
What motive do they have, to want to kill you?
Ah, well...
What?
That you saw the thief who steals people's bags?
It's that bad thief
who only attacks old men and women at night in this neighborhood.
Yes, he was identical to the sketch they have hanging in the police stations.
-Did you tell the police? -Yes, yes, a week ago.
When I saw it,
there was no composite yet, in the police stations.
I remembered that I had seen her when I saw her sketch,
but I'd forgotten where I'd seen her.
But I happened to find the guy who saw the thief with me.
Who saw him with you?
Yes.
Five days ago, there was a robbery near my house...
committed by the same thief and I went to look at it.
"And the blond boy who had seen the thief with me was next to me."
And then what happened?
I brought him to the place where the police inspector was.
But he said he didn't know me or the thief.
Surely that boy saw him too, the thief?
Yes.
When I saw him, he was sitting next to me,
so I'm convinced he saw him too.
Why do you think so?
At that moment I had become sleepy...
And I realized that the blond boy was next to me.
And the thief?
What happened? I couldn't tell you if he was there.
People usually fall asleep
at the movies if the movie is boring.
Or when on train.
From what you say, who chases in Genta is the bag thief.
And why don't you tell it to the police?
Explain to them that they want to kill you.
Is that he made me a call.
"He told me, 'If you tell anyone you've seen me I'll kill you.'
"You, your friends and your family."
That's why you haven't told us anything until now.
Poor Genta.
This is a problem.
If he has your phone number, he must also know your address.
Yes.
If we tell the police,
the suspect might think Genta's remembered something.
Right now, he could be watching us at this restaurant.
What?
What else?
Do you remember anything else that might give us clues about the suspect?
I told this to the inspector, too.
He smoked left-handed.
So... he must obviously be left-handed.
And then... he was wearing a short-sleeved T-shirt.
A black T-shirt with a white skull.
Ah!
This one!
This one!
It was like this T-shirt here!
Excuse me, kid.
You're the thief who wants to murder in Genta?
-Huh? -No, this one doesn't look anything like it. -No, this one doesn't look anything like it.
What the fuck do you want?
Besides, the thief's T-shirt didn't say 1999, but 202.
Excuse me, do you remember where you bought this shirt?
Yes.
In a clothing store in front of the station called "Buenas".
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
All right, then let's go see this store.
Yes, this shirt is exclusive to our store.
But why should there be a 202?
What other T-shirts do you have?
1999, "Help", "Escape"... they all have messages like this.
Do you remember?
In 1999, people kept talking about that prophecy.
We started making these T-shirts.
Of all the people who bought, was there anyone suspicious?
It's been a long time;

I don't remember what face they were making, the customers.
(Mitsuhiko) Hm... We haven't found anything.
If you could at least remember the place where you saw it...
You don't remember?
You mean it must not have been the cinema or on the train?
No, because you can't smoke in these places.
So, it was a family restaurant?
I'm sure it was there.
He must have been so fed up that he got sleepy.
No, that man didn't eat anything.
I was watching him,
but all he did was read the paper and smoke.
Wow!
How can you remember so many details and not know where you saw him?
Well, I don't know...
But it's strange.
When you stare at someone like that, they end up scolding you.
Did she scold you?
No, our eyes didn't meet.
(thinks) "Sure, now I get it!"
"The T-shirt with the skeleton and 202."
"Lefty."
"And a place where, no matter how much he looked at it.........
"The looks didn't meet and he couldn't scold."
"Genta, I know the place where you saw the thief!"
Hey, Genta.
Hm?
It was an optician, wasn't it?
What?
The place where you saw the thief was an optician's shop?
You looked for quite a while, but no one scolded you, right?
Yes...
If he'd taken off his glasses, have the lenses checked,
he must not have had very good eyesight
and he wouldn't realize you were looking at him because he saw everything blurry.
What are you saying?
I've never been to any optician's shop ever.
He-he-he-he!
This can't be, because it happens that there....
(Genta) This is not true.
No, no way!
(Genta) Huh?
Is it true?
Well, I thought it must be that.
The Holmes of this century is well finished.
Calm down, calm down, we all make mistakes once in a while.
Don't get discouraged.
Bye, guys.
If you remember anything else, call us right away, understand?
(Mitsuhiko) But where was he to be seen, in Genta?
A place where even if he was looked at he wouldn't be scolded and where he would fall asleep.
Couldn't it be at school?
In Genta he often falls asleep.
If this person had entered the school, we would have seen him.
Of course we would have.
Hey, wait a minute.
-Come on.
You, as gluttonous as ever.
Y-You'll go back to being a seal.
That's all right.
It's just that I like it so much.
Ha-ha!
Genta, you've got ice cream on your cheeks.
-What's the matter?
-Did you remember anything?
No, nothing at all.
Be careful, when you come home.
-Yes.
-Bye.
-3 meat and 4 liver, sisplau. -Next.
I got hungry...
You shouldn't have eaten the ice cream.
(Sniff: sniff)
Ooooh!
French food!
Hold something, will you?
You'll be home soon.
Let's see... Red, white and blue.
What do you think of the flag of France?
Do you remember seeing something red, white and blue?
I don't know...
In Conan wears a red bow tie,
a white shirt and a blue jacket.
Don't tell me that the thief you saw...
Donkey.
How do you want Conan to be a thief!
It's like I've got the red, white and blue
going around inside my head.
Goodbye, Genta.
Don't go astray, go straight home.
And don't eat so much that they'll laugh at you for being like a seal!
Yes.
What a rage, the Ayumi... Seal, seal.
I'm not that fat either!
Aaaaah!
Of course!
It was there!
On the seventh floor of the station!
In front of the elevator!
It's that elevator!
Wait, please!
Wait, please!
Wait!
(Genta: gasps)
-Noiet, which floor are you going to?
-To the, to the, to the seventh.
Hello, uncle.
The-the blond guy!
Sorry about the other day.
I just ran out of my head.
Oh, I remembered.
I know where we saw the thief.
Xxxt.
Don't shout so loud, kid.
That bad man might be watching us.
So, he's after you too?
Yes, I remembered not long ago.
Before we go to the police together,
we'll make sure our stories match up.
We check in a place where no one comes, like the toilets.
(Man) I'm sure!
-It's-it's this man! -What?
I'm sure he's listed as Some to the client register.
(Man) Huh?
Who are you?
If you take me for an asshole, you'll get it, though.
You'll get, though. Huh?
Lefty, a T-shirt with a skull and crossbones and a 202.
Taking this witness as a reference,

no wonder the police haven't figured out who it is.
In Genta I was looking at your reflection in the mirror.
Caram.
You're the brats from before.
The only place where in Genta I could look at you
for a long time without being scolded
is the reflection in the mirror.
The 202 that appeared reflected in the mirror was an SOS.
And you are not left-handed, but right-handed.
A place where in Genta could go, where there were mirrors and where he slept.
It had to be a barbershop.
Like this one back here.
In Genta it was thought that you had seen the thief by mistake,
because he dyed your hair while you were sleeping.
"The bespectacled man with black hair became blond."
"As your clothes were covered by the sheet,
"When he saw you sitting next to him..."
he thought you were someone else.
But what are you saying, brat?
You don't have any proof.
If you want a witness, he's right behind you.
The barber who dyed your hair in this barbershop.
You're lucky that this gentleman doesn't like to watch TV at all.
And that in the places where he usually goes there is no sketch of you.
You must have thought that you could commit a new robbery by
dyeing your hair black and you wouldn't get caught.
"But your fingerprints were left
"On the last bag you unsuccessfully tried to steal."
If those prints matched yours,
you won't be able to escape.
And what are you going to tell me?
That this brat went all over town to...?
It was all a plan to lead you here.
The ice cream that was left on his face,
represented the soap they use for shaving.
The red, white and blue is the rotating column of the barbershop.
And the reflection in the glass is the mirror.
What he remembered had to do with a barbershop.
In Genta he has made it appear that he remembered the barbershop.
This way, you, the blond man, would follow him and fall into the trap.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Don't be ridiculous!
What do you think you're doing, you pig?!
You're a fool.
Do you really think we'd resort the city just to take you here?
While Genta was making you walk around the city,
we had long since called the police.
You are surrounded!
(Off) "In this way they arrested the bag thief.
"And the case was solved just like that."
Conan, you've crushed it with your arguments,
are you really just a schoolboy?
I just imitated a cop who was in a series.
Gee...
(thinks) "What?!"
"What is this?"
Surely you wanted to see what was inside this briefcase.
See?
The key is still in the lock.
"It's a curse."
"The fake Kogoro Mouri, (part one)
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

