Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Finally, a fake Kogoro appears.
The real Kogoro is surprised.
It will be a difficult case.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Welcome, great detective.
It's an honor to have you here with me.
I didn't realize it was you.
Since you had told us on the phone that you would be arriving tonight...
(Man) I was able to arrive earlier
because I solved the case I was working on ahead of time.
-By the way, what about that thing we talked about? -This is the briefcase.
Naturally, we haven't looked at what's in it for the last 5 years.
-It's locked and we haven't been able to do it.
I-I'll find a way to open it.
Ah... Excuse me... Would you mind opening it right here?
Don't worry about it.
I'll let you know after this mystery is cleared up...
by... Kogoro Mouri.
THE FAKE Kogoro Mouri, (PART ONE)
Bufa.
What clean air!
The most pleasant place in the world is nature.
Why did we have to get out of the cab
and stay in this forest walking around like a condemned man?
And why not?
We'll be at the hostel soon.
Besides, it would be a long time before the time we were supposed to meet.
I'd rather get there early and relax in a hot bath.
Father, do something about these glasses, please.
You look like a criminal.
Donkey.
I am the great Kogoro Mouri.
What would they say if they saw that I've been bitten by a mosquito on my eyelids?
Besides, there must be a crowd of crazed women waiting for me...
I must look good.
Aaaah!
(Think) "It's pathetic."
Who did this?!
Who put this stone here?!
Oh, man.
This is...
The statue of a Jizo.
It must have fallen accidentally.
We'll have to put it right.
(Man) Noooo, don't do it!
If you lift this statue, a curse will fall on you!
(At once) Eh?
You're Kogoro Mouri, right?
The famous detective I was about to arrest.
Estolt, handsome...
(Think) "The incompetent inspector of Gunma Prefecture."
What are you doing, you, in this place?
I have to go solve a case at the Aoiya Inn.
It has to do with the case of the unidentified man in the red jacket?
Yes, I suppose so.
I'm also going to the Aoiya Inn for this case.
The body was found here in the kashira-gami forest.
Kashira-gami is the name of a headache god.
When a person with worries enters this forest,
he is captivated by the god kashira-gami and does not come out.
Many suicides are committed in this forest.
Are... are suicides committed?
Yes.
Yes.
The statue you wanted to erect is the statue of the Fallen Jizo...
who appeases the spirits.
If he is awakened, the spirits are awakened and bring misfortune.
That is why it is lying on the ground.
Since we are going to the same place, I will drive you there.
No need..., my daughter wants to walk in the woods for a while.
If your daughter is already the car...
Coi...
The body you found is that of an employee of the Aoiya Inn?
Yes.
She was found during an excursion in the forest to look for wild fruits.
But there's something strange about that body.
Strange?
What do you mean, strange?
She had her car keys, but no driver's license.
He was carrying tobacco, but no matches or a lighter.
Moreover, he died in summer, but he was wearing a sweater.
How did you know that he died in summer?
The proof was found inside the victim's backpack.
There was a pastry
and a carton of milk that expired on July 12, 4 years ago.
In the wallet was the receipt of a supermarket where he had bought it.
We have no doubt.
Even though the milk and the pastry were crushed.
What fell?

The body had a rope tied around its neck,
and next to it, a broken branch,
where the other end of the rope was tied.
It must have broken after he died hanging.
-It seems to be only a suïcidi. Yes, exactly.
That's why I've thought of going again,
to clarify with the people at the inn these suspicious details.
Why are you going, Mr. Mouri?
It seems that this man in the red jacket saw the owner of the inn.
When did this happen?
When did this happen?
He told me in the month of October 5 years ago.
"It seems that the man in the red jacket suddenly showed up,
"He turned to the owner and said:
" 'Guardi'm this envelope and this briefcase, please."
" 'I will pay you 100,000 yen in return."
'I'll come and get it in a year's time, even if I'm dead.'
A briefcase and an envelope?
Yes.
He said to give him the briefcase when he came to pick him up in person,
and if anyone came, to give him the envelope.
No evidence proves that the man in the red jacket and the corpse...
are the same person,
but that man insisted several times
not to forget that red jacket and his long hair.
It is therefore probable that it was the same man.
And it seems that he never came.
Now that you mention it, the dead man wore his hair long?
This could have happened:
5 years ago, the man entrusted the briefcase to the owner of the inn...
telling him he'd come looking for it even if he was dead.
The following summer he came looking for it and committed suicide in the woods.
Ha-ha-ha!
What a fool!
After death he couldn't come looking for him!
That's why he asked me to come and solve the mystery!
He was paid not to say anything to the police.
That's why the owner has kept it a secret.
Ah, I get it.
Kogoro...
No one came looking for that briefcase in the end, did they?
No, in fact a man claiming to be the owner showed up...
after the man in the red jacket entrusted him with the briefcase.
"He was a rather strange bearded man
"who was wearing a hat and sunglasses."
"The owner hesitated at first, but gave him the envelope."
And... and then?
The man opened the envelope and when he saw the note inside?
"He ripped it to shreds in a rage,
"He threw it in the wastepaper basket at the reception desk...
"He left and never came back."
And what... and what did it say, that note?
The proprietor of the inn was intrigued.
gathered up the pieces of the note and saw that there were 6 words.
They seemed to be written in blood: "I curse you with your death."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Car: braking and shock)
Coi.
That's why I said I didn't want you to accompany me!
It's just that...
Nothing will happen.
If the owner allows us to look at the contents of the briefcase,
Kogoro will be able to solve the case.
Yes, surely.
And inside the case...
there may be long hair from-that one... from that homeeee!
Noooooooooooo!
I've had enough of screaming!
Welcome, gentlemen.
Allow me to leave your car in the parking lot.
Yes, thank you.
Wow, this is a fantastic hostel! Is it?
Is this your first time here?
Weren't you here to talk to an employee for the second time?
The first time you asked him to come to the station.
-Good morning, Mr. Inspector. Good morning, Mr. Urakawa.
He's the employee of the inn that found the body.
I did stiffen up.
I never imagined I'd find a corpse there.
There was practically only the skeleton left.
It was horrifying.
Was he alone when you found him?
Uh, yes.
Sir, were you always alone, looking for wild fruit in the woods?
No.
We take turns at Jinbo,
Mr. Tohda, the owner of the inn, and me.
But of all 3 I was the one who had the best chance of finding the corpse.
I notice if there is something strange in the atmosphere.
Yes..., I get it.
It's always my turn to go and pick wild fruits.
-I can't do anything.
Wh-What do you mean?
Before summer comes,
we close the hostel and take a trip with the co-workers.
As you can see, the forest is in front of the entrance of the hostel,
that's why many people commit suicide in the forest at that time of the year.
If it is suicide, I have nothing to do.

This man with sunglasses is also a police inspector?
-Ah, actually no, he... Ahem!
He's a famous detective.
Even children who are hiding something are afraid of him.
Are you the assistants of detective Kogoro Mouri?
Assistants?!
No, this gentleman is...
If you are looking for detective Mouri, he is inside waiting for you.
What?
What?!
As you say ?!
That Mr. Mouri has already arrived at the inn?!
Yes, 3 hours ago.
-So, the briefcase in question... He's taken it to his room.
That's nothing.
He's a very nice man and has signed autographs for all the employees.
Please don't stain it.
I want to take it and put it in a photo album.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...
Where is that gentleman now?!
It's in room 209.
Now I'll say four fresh ones!
Wait, Ran.
What?
This happens often, in samurai movies.
The most interesting scenes come
when the real one confronts the impostor.
Enduring the unbearable, suffering the insufferable....
When the impostor starts to screw up
in his shoddy detective show....,
I'll show up, make a memorable deduction and he'll stand still!
What the fuck are you calling?
What nonsense!
Please, Inspector Yamamura,
say something to take his mind off it.
-Yes, that would be great.
And so much.
-Wouldn't it?
Let me collaborate with you, please!
Ah...!
Yourself.
By the way, by the way.
Do you mind telling me your name?
Your name, you say?
I'm Mitsuemon Echigo.
A stranger like... anyone else.
That's right, master.
Ah.
I don't mind if you give me the cheapest room.
Yes, sir.
Sir, uh...
The lady in the car left her cell phone inside.
It's your daughter's, isn't it?
Oh!
I am indebted to you!
Your gesture is very honorable.
Let's go then.
Well, dear assistant, let's have a drink, after the bath?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry, master, but I'm on duty.
-It says it's at Mitsuemon Echigo's. -Apa...
(Yamamura and Kogoro: laughter)
(Yamamura and Kogoro: laughter) Ah!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Yamamura and Kogoro: laughter) -All right! (Yamamura and Kogoro: laughing) -And now.
It was nothing.
This way, he'll surely throw the impostor out.
Tonight we'll finally see a great detective show!
You idiots!
(snoring)
The show of deductions doesn't start?
Then I said you should have told him off!
Surely the impostor must have run away!
No.
It seems that no one has left the inn yet.
What a remedy, it's time we're going to give him four shouts.
Hey, impostor!
Are you there?
EEEE!
It's weird...
The room is completely dark.
He must have gone to sleep.
Hey, you, wake up!
It's about time I showed up at Kogoro Mouri!
(Thinking) "Hey ?!"
"What's this?"
Eh...?
-Ah, Mr. Inspector.
-What... what happened? -What... what happened?
A very big problem.
They've found Kogoro Mouri hanging in his room!
You eagerness, please!
What?!
(Cries) What?
Mr. Mouri!
How could you end up like that?
With the tears, I see your face distorted.
How could you do this nonsense?
It can't be that the "Sleeping Kogoro" sleeps forever.
Hey, you, what the hell are you doing?
We have not allowed anyone to enter the scene.
Notify your fellow investigators
and the Gunma Prefectural Science Police.
(Call) A ghost!
Ouch...
What?
An impostor?
Is it true?!
Yes.
He was an impostor who had usurped Mr. Mouri's name.
Here you have, without a doubt, the one and only Detective Kogoro Mouri.
Ahem!
I thought I had seen it somewhere.
Excuse me, please.
Since I hadn't seen him in person, I didn't know what he looked like.
Why did he want to impersonate you?
He probably wanted to see what's inside this briefcase.
The key is still on the wall. That's right.
While we're at it, we can see what's inside.
(Lock, open)
Eeeeh?
(Lock, open) What's this?
-A sports diary? - "Akagimaru"?

Isn't Akagimaru that sumo wrestler who had to retire after an injury?
who had to retire after suffering an injury?
Look closely.
This is a newspaper from September 5 years ago.
At that time he went to the media
because he won for the first time in 18 years.
-But what's a newspaper doing here? -Huh?
There's something sticking out from underneath.
It's like a kind of black thread...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Bobos.
It's just four hairs stuck in a diary, man.
But... these hairs are... long!
I hope it's not the curse
of the man with the long hairs and the red jacket
who died 4 years ago!
If it were possible to murder with curses,
we detectives would always be sitting on our hands.
Here's what happened 5 years ago:
"2 men made a bet."
"The issue was what would happen to a sportsman after a year."
"They were the man with the long hair and the red jacket...
"And the man with the moustache who pretended to be me
"And who we found hanging in his room."
"And the professional sportsman was the Akagimaru,
"who was at the peak of his career five years ago."
The long-haired man said to the one with the mustache:
"The answer is here."
" 'I'll leave the briefcase with the owner of the inn for safekeeping.
" 'And you will keep the key.' "
" 'We'll check it in a year.'"
He then gave the instructions to the landlord.
"Who was it, the bearded man with the hat?"
It was probably the man with the mustache.
The note must have been a threat to warn him that he would kill him
if he tried to get smart and find out first.
But inside was a sports diary.
What kind of answer could it be, this one?
There was something else: a hair.
When a sumo champion gets a haircut?
Yes!
It means he retires!
Indeed it does,
but shortly before he got injured he became champion in Nagoya,
and he was promoted... to the rank of Ozeki.
The bet surely involved a large amount of money,
and the long-haired man, who believed he would not retire,
committed suicide in the forest on his way to this inn.
Why did he have to commit suicide?
I don't understand.
So that the prediction the man with the mustache had made was true.
When he learned that the long-haired man died,
he wanted to find out what was inside the briefcase.
When he learned that the owner of the inn had hired me, he said, "He pretended to be me,
"He pretended to be me and was able to check what was inside."
"But the prediction was right on the money."
Afterwards, he felt guilty...
to provoke the death of the man with the long hair,
who had financial problems,
and this led him to suicide.
He hung himself with the belt to kill himself and his partner.
Mr. Mouri, you are prodigious!
You have surpassed yourself!
Of course you have!
I am a true prodigy!
(laughing scandalously)
Yes.
Nobody gets killed by curses in the age of science.
It's a curse.
Hair lengths are different.
Some are long and permed, and some are dyed brown.
Also, they are slightly damp.
If they have been kept damp for 5 years,
don't you see it must be a curse?
No.
This is no curse of the long-haired man.
It's the evil spirit of a hippy who wears long, dyed hair.
(thinks) "Come on..."
Come to think of it, you wear your hair a little damp too, don't you, Ran?
Of course I do.
Because I've had a bath.
Hey, Conan: don't say strange things.
You took a bath?
But you told me you couldn't take a bath tonight.
Do you remember?
It was closed at the time because they were cleaning.
Speaking of wet things,
the tatami at the entrance of this room was also wet.
Yes.
They don't open the bathrooms in this hostel until well after sunset?
Actually, we don't.
We usually wash the bathrooms at midnight.
This means there was someone in the inn.
"He put up the sign indicating that they cleaned the women's bathroom.
"So that no one would come near it
"And to be able to collect the more women's hair the better and bring them here."

"They have placed them between the newspapers to make it look like the curse."
Surely they wanted to divert attention from the police investigation.
So, don't tell me that this...
Yes, it's a murder.
It's likely that the tatami is wet
because in the rush,
the murderer has gone into the bathroom with his socks on
and came back with wet feet.
In addition, the murderer knew where the cleaning service sign was.
Therefore, the perpetrator is one of the employees.
(Thinking) "Yes..., this is a murder."
"Surely, the murderer is a person....
"Who had something to do with the long-haired man...
"Who supposedly committed suicide four years ago."
"I am concerned about the strange circumstances in which the body was found."
"With the car key, but without a driver's license..."
"With tobacco, but no matches or lighter..."
"And the fact that he was wearing a sweater in summer."
"His case is probably not a suicide either."
"He was murdered."
"Someone tried to tamper with the body for some reason."
He wasn't a little boy anymore.
Look at that, putting a sticker...
Sorry to be so childish.
I'm wearing one, too.
The person who found him is...
Aaah!
How... how did you know?
(Thinking) "I knew it. It must be him."
And the next Conan: "The Fake Kogoro Mouri, (part two)."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

