Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
The briefcase is a link between space and time.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "We went to the Aoiya Inn with Inspector Yamamura.
"To find out the mystery of a briefcase."
"They had found the body of a man wearing a red jacket in the forest."
"Strangely, he was wearing a sweater even though he had died in summer."
"He was also carrying a car key and tobacco.
"but no driver's license, no matches or lighter."
"The briefcase had been entrusted to the owner of the inn five years ago."
"A long-haired man wearing a red jacket."
"An impostor posing as Kogoro seized...
"Inside the suitcase was only a sports newspaper five years ago...
"And a bundle of long hair."
THE FAKE Kogoro Mouri, (PART TWO)
Lla-so, don't tell me this...?
Yes, it's probably a murder.
And the murderer knows where the cleaning service sign was.
This means that the perpetrator is one of the hostel's employees.
(Thinks) "The murderer must be a person
"Who had something to do with the long-haired man
"Who supposedly committed suicide four years ago."
"That man's case was not a suicide either."
"It was a murder."
"Someone tried to tamper with the body for some reason. Why?"
Yamamura, we found a cell phone.
What?
We think it fell out of the jacket the victim was wearing.
There's a number in the call log.
-Do you want us to call it? -Yes, of course we do.
(Keys: beep-beep)
(Phone: dial tone)
(Phone: pick up)
(Man) "Oh. Is that you, Tatsuo?"
"How did it go, with the fortune that awaits us?"
"Let me know if everything went well."
"Ah, it's the manager calling."
"He says if you don't pay the rent, he won't renew your lease."
"Hey, Tatsuo. Can you hear me?"
Hey, listen.
"Excuse me. There's a customer here. Call me later."
He... he hung up.
And he mentioned something about a fortune.
-And that if he didn't pay the rent they wouldn't renew his lease on the apartment.
(thinks) "Renew l'hi?"
Anyway, we found out that the victim's name was Tatsuo Mori.
How did you know his name was Mori?
We only heard that he called her Tatsuo.
There's a sticker on the cell phone with his name on it.
He wasn't a kid anymore.
You put a sticker...
Sorry for being so childish.
I'm wearing one too.
You do?
Of course, because you're still a child.
How do you say?!
(Thinking) "Wait a minute. This means that the murderer..."
Mr. Inspector...
Can you give me more details
about the man in the red jacket, please?
He already explained it:
he was carrying a ticket for the milk and the pastry he bought.
No, I meant...
-You want to see the photographs? -Photographs?
-I came here today to ask some questions about these photos.
This is the front part of the crushed milk carton.
The crushed pastry and the cigarettes.
And the supermarket checkout ticket we found in the wallet.
On July 10, the date on the ticket, all 4 employees were on a trip, right?
Uh, yes.
(Think) "Yes. That's what it was. Now I get it!"
"I know what I wanted to get, the killer."
(Flow) Mr. inspector.
Say.
By any chance, 4 years ago, you found a dead body in the forest...
after the employees went on a trip?
Yes, we found one near the Jizo statue.
By any chance, wasn't the person who found it...?
How did you... How did you know?
How did you know?
(thinks) "I knew it. It must be him!"

"And in this diary is the map where something is hidden."
"What I need now is proof."
"If I'm not mistaken, there must be some here."
"Marks left by the murderer on the dugout board...
"And the table..."
"Yes. I've already found it!"
Hey, kid: you can't be here.
Get out of here!
Mr. Mouri asked me to do so.
He told me to take a close look at the bench board.
Eh?
Detective Mouri asked you?
Yes.
He also asked me to look at the lamp in this room.
The light, you mean?
He says it's the key to unmasking the killer.
(Yamamura) The approximate time of death
is between 4:00 and 5:00 p.m. today.
The murderer has hung the sign in the bathroom and started to pick up the hair.
He then took them into the bedroom
and tried to distract our attention
"By making it look like it was all the effect of a curse."
If the employees were the only ones who knew where the sign was kept, then we're about to find out who the curse was,
we're about to find out who the culprit is.
We want you to gather them together right now
to question them one by one to find out what they have done today.
Is that all right?
Wait, just a moment, inspector.
Couldn't you exclude the employees
who haven't seen or heard of that man with the long hair?
You mean... you mean they weren't all present,
when the man entrusted the briefcase... to Mr. Onda?
In fact, he gave me his briefcase in his room.
He rented it 4 years ago in the spring.
And I simply told the employees that I had called Detective Mouri
to examine the briefcase that was entrusted to me.
I did not say it was given to me by a man with long hair.
I understand.
So, the relationship between the briefcase and that man...
was known to no one but you, right?
Hey, I didn't kill him, Mr. Detective.
If I had, I wouldn't... I would've waited five years.
I would have opened it and opened it wide.
Don't you find that puzzling?
A briefcase that looked so important only had an old diary in it.
The killer must have taken something that was inside the diary...
and must have already fled from here.
Unless this diary had a special value that we don't see.
You're right, Yamamura.
Sir.
Do you know what it means, MAE 5?
Before the champion's name, Akagimaru, it says "MAE 5".
Because he reached the fifth position
among the maegashira wrestlers.
Being from the East division, he was the maegashira of the East 5.
What is it, a maegashira?
What does it have to do with the forest?
It has nothing to do with it, you fool.
It can't be the Jizo statue? Of course not!
A maegashira is a ranking,
"They are the champions under the absolute champion Yokozuna."
The categories of the Ozeki champions, the sekiwake and the komusubi.
The 5 means that he was the fifth in the ranking of maegashira wrestlers.
Aaaaah...
So, the Akagimaru was supposed to win the tournament....
when he wasn't very strong because he was very cautious.
Very cautious?
Yes.
Look.
The Akagimaru only fell into the hole once.
Eh?
This means that the sumo wrestler has fallen into the hole, right?
I'd say that's exactly what this symbol means.
Ha-ha.
This is not a hole.
It's a sign of his defeat.
He lost the match on the eighth day of the tournament.
So, it means he made 8 steps and fell into a hole.
Anyway, call the staff immediately for questioning.
And, naturally, we won't make any kind of exception.
(Yamamura) So, you don't have anyone who can confirm...
what he was doing during those hours.
(Yamamura) -Exactly.
-All right, next, please. -Yes, I'll go next.
Yes, I'll go now.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Will it take long?
It's just that I have a lot of work and I'd like to start cleaning.
-I have to prepare breakfast for tomorrow.
-Can't I leave earlier? - (they speak at the same time)
No, we can't do it!
(Yamamura) Well, we've already questioned you all.
Most of you don't have any alibis
to confirm where you were between 4 and 5 o'clock.
(Yamamura) Of course not.
My employees work around the clock.
I don't hire people who are watching each other
and timing what everyone else is doing.
I am impressed.
Inspector Yamamura! Yes?
Have you seen my father and Conan?
No.
(Mobile)

Yes, this is Yamamura.
What?
Mr. Mouri!
Yes.
Hm.
Okay, okay, okay.
Has the father said anything to you?
Yes.
He's gone...
He went to ask the neighbors,
and the police took him away because he looked suspicious.
It's the police station.
What?
It seems that Conan is with him.
In any case, I'll go get her at the police station.
You stay here and wait in this room.
So... What do we have to do?
You can go to sleep.
We'll do a more thorough investigation later.
Okay?
All right, well, come on... A... Goodbye, then.
Damn it, damn it!
It can't be!
(Yamamura) I guess that's what you were looking for, right, Mr. Jinbo?
But maybe...
Maybe we should call him
"The 100 million yen blackmail man"!
What's he saying?
We found out about it
when we checked the serial numbers on the bills.
And we know how they got them.
"2 men extorted money from a candy manufacturer."
One of them was you, and the other was the man with the long hair.
You entrusted the briefcase to the owner of the inn.
And the sports diary indicated the place where the money was hidden.
"The Akagimaru that appeared on the front page...
"It was the maegashira of East No. 5."
"Maegashira literally means 'in front of the head.'"
"It was the key that suggested we were talking about the Jizo statue."
"You make 5 steps to the east from where the statue is."
"And then you make 8 steps.
"According to the Akagimaru's record of defeats and victories."
If you dig at this exact spot, you will find the barrel full of money.
Isn't that right, Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) Yes....
The long-haired man put the diary inside the briefcase,
which he entrusted to the owner of the inn.
He did it because he was aware
that you were capable of killing him to take all the money.
In fact, it is normal that he was aware of this fact.
Because he was surely the one in charge of transporting the money.
"You told him to meet you in this forest,
"A place known for its suicides."
We have this confirmed
because he left the note with the briefcase.
A message cursing him
if it occurred to him to murder him and go looking for the money alone.
"And surely, you murdered him in this forest?
"Making it all look like a suicide."
"Afterwards, he disguised himself with a hat, glasses and a beard...
"And showed up at the inn all confident."
"But what he got was a note cursing himself with death."
So he didn't want to give up
"And decided to investigate by going to work at the inn."
Time went by,
and finally they found the dead body of the long-haired man.
This allowed him to discover that the landlord had kept the briefcase
and that he had called me to investigate it.
"So he hired a man to impersonate me.
"And get the case before I did."
"He looked to see what was in it
"But he found not money, but an old sports diary."
"The other man, who was waiting for his share,
"threatened to tell the real Kogoro Mouri everything...
"if he didn't give him his money."
"He had no choice but to assassinate him
"And leave the diary there because I deciphered the mystery."
The proof of that is the fact that he came to get the money.
Now he's coming to the police station.
Ha-ha-ha.
What are you talking about, man!
The diary piqued my curiosity and I came here.
I thought maybe I could help you in your investigation.
And what else!
In fact, the long-haired man died 4 years ago, on July 10.
At that time we employees were on a trip.
No.
This is not accurate, Jinbo.
He was not killed 4 years ago.
They did it in the fall, 5 years ago.
Immediately after he left the briefcase at the inn.
"You put in the milk, the cigarettes,
"The cupcake and the grocery ticket afterwards."
You did it to deceive us at the time of death
and to have a false alibi.
The milk brik and the ticket were from another suicide
they discovered after the trip 4 years ago.
That is why the man with the long hair was wearing a sweater and carrying cigarettes
but no matches or lighter.

And he made the driver's license disappear so that it would expire soon.
His alibi would not work
with a corpse that had a driver's license that had expired a year ago.
"And he put the hair in the diary because he wanted us to think...
"That the killer had something to do with the man with the long hair."
And he wanted the police to think he wasn't a ticket suspect.
We know everything he has planned!
What makes you think that they put the milk and the ticket right after?
The man in question could have had it on him just fine.
Well..., this... well, well look at it.
The straw.
There was no straw in the milk packet.
This detail proves that you filled the package with milk,
that you sealed it with glue
and that you placed it next to the body.
No one would think of putting an open milk carton in a purse.
Yes, yes..., that's true!
That he saw me, maybe?
Did you see me murder the long-haired man?
It is true that a lot of time has passed
for us to determine if he committed that murder.
But I have evidence to prove that he murdered my impostor.
What?
To carry a body and hang it in a very high place,
you obviously have to climb higher than the victim.
"And, in this case, the murderer has placed the stool on the table....
"On top of the table in order to do so."
And naturally, he had to take his socks off.
He has taken them off so as not to slip badly.
They are full of footprints.
What would happen, if we compare them to his?
Uh... Yeah, all right.
I climbed up on the stool.
I did that when I went to change the fluorescent lights in the room.
You'll see my fingerprints all over it.
Yes, surprisingly we found your prints.
"Under a thick layer of dust."
He probably left them a long time ago.
And your prints are still there,
which suggests you're the killer.
I've never heard of an inn
that would allow the table to be as dusty
as those fluorescents were.
Jinbo, just let it go.
Don't try to fake things.
But-but... how did you know I killed him?
You told us yourself.
"At reception, when you gave me my daughter's cell phone."
"He gave it to me without a second's hesitation."
"And there was also Yamamura, whom you had never seen before."
He said, "It's your daughter's, isn't it?"
I saw the sticker that said "Ran Mouri" on her phone...
That's why... Oh, that's why...
Yes, that's right!
You knew from the first moment you saw me...
that I was the real Kogoro Mouri!
-I've only just begun... (gunshot)
(thinks) "A shot!"
What was it, this noise?
Yes, the sight is aligned with the target.
I'm sure this is the murder weapon.
"There's no way the people who were at the party could have fired."
And the next Conan: "Shot in Sunflower Village."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

