Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
We visit a very peculiar villa.
An unexpected solution for an unexpected set-up.
He has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

Inspector Megre insisted that I take it,
so I couldn't refuse.
How lucky we were!
(Think) "Because it's you, otherwise I'd have put you out for a ride."
You see.
Mr. Inspector, I beg you.
Will you let me... please?
I didn't think you would.
What?
M-Mr. Inspector!
Thank you very much, Mr. Inspector!
(laughing outrageously)
"It is very clear that the glass force you to leave the car."
"Of this you say lucky? It's raining cats and dogs..."
Ah, I couldn't even see Fuji-san... That's unlucky.
You mean, Ran?
By the way, father, how long will it take us to get there?
I think we're about to get there, but...
That's it, isn't it?
A GUNSHOT IN SUNFLOWER VILLAGE
(Kogoro) It's taken us a while to get there since we've seen it from afar, right?
(Kogoro) That's right.
It's even stopped raining.
-Mr. Mouri: Yes, it's me.
I've been waiting for you for a long time, you know, Mr. Mouri?
I'm familiar with your great deductions
the articles that the newspapers talk about.
I have also read things about you,
the famous architect Ryuichiro Kanazawa.
I understand you received another award not long ago.
Hm, how did you say?
(Man) It was for the Shanghai Museum of Modern Art project.
Master, are they your guests?
At Hayashida and the Amamori.
I am at Makoto Hayashida.
And I'm at Masaya Amamori.
Now be quiet.
This gentleman is Kogoro Mouri.
-In Kogoro Mouri!
-That famous...
Ahem... Exactly, I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
"I'd rather you stop calling yourself 'famous detective'."
(Kogoro) Eh?
A stalker?
Yes, I've been sent photos like this for the past 3 months.
Oh, from what I see, you go out to all of them.
First I have to find out who the perpetrator is.
Do you have any idea?
Well, no, not one.
Please think carefully.
My years of experience tell me
that your stalker is probably someone you know.
For example...
The awards ceremony is the day after tomorrow?
It is held in a hotel in Shanghai.
Shanghai?
Are you guys going too?
No, we'll stay here and watch the house.
Oi, Amamori?
Yes, I guess so.
By the way, Ran: what do you think, this building?
It's a completely different-looking house.
You think so, too?
The master designed it, and he has very good taste, doesn't he?
Eh?
Wow, it seemed to me that it moved, just now.
Yes, it's moving.
The second floor makes a complete turn every 12 hours.
We call it the Sunflower Villa.
Oh..., that's interesting.
But why is it made to move?
I have no idea.
I've always wondered...
One of these days I'll ask the master.
You won't have to.
His architecture is nothing but a bluff.
I'm sure that when I come back, the problem will be solved.
I hope so, Mr. Mouri.
- (Mitsuko) You are Mr. Mouri? -Uh... yes.
Mr. Mouri, will you allow me to ask you a favor too?
(Mitsuko) Sure... Yes.
Investigate!
Find out what he does and what he wears on his head.
I'll pay him for the services
when he gives me half of his money when we get divorced.
Stop it!
Drunk and in this pitiful state tomorrow you won't be able to get on the plane.
And why don't you go alone, to the handover ceremony?
Or with your stalker?
Stop it!
Yes, you can say it, that's enough.
You seem worried about your stalker,
but it makes you so much that you've made points because you've got one.

-With your xicotetes. -Hayashida.
Tell me, sir.
So far all you've done is stuff yourself with meat.
Ah..., but this meat...
Then you're incapable of coming up with any original designs
because of your uncontrolled eating.
Where do you think you're going?
I'm talking to you.
I'm going to get some beer from the fridge.
Why do you keep picking on people who are weaker than you?
One of your trusty dogs might bite you.
Oi, Amamori?
I'll go get some charcoal.
Can you watch the meat so it doesn't burn?
Uh... Yes.
Mr. Mouri, this sauce goes really well with the salad.
Uh... but it says on the label that it's olive oil, right?
Ah, sorry.
I took the bottle I had in my hand,
but it's a sauce that I prepared.
You don't need to put it on, if you don't want to;
your preferences are not very normal.
This must be what you think, eh, handsome!
Master.
It's twenty-nine past seven. One minute to go.
Yes, that's right.
You take care of everything, bird, come on.
Amamori, do you know where he's gone, Mr. Kanazawa?
To watch the Chinese course they're doing on TV.
He's really looking forward to saying his speech in Chinese.
No matter how busy he is, he wants to watch the program live.
You see, a snob's hobby.
(Kogoro: drunk) Titirititiiiiiiiii.... taratatidididididididiiiiiiiiii....
Titiritititiiiiiii...
Let's see..., where was it, my... beer?
-Here, a lime one.
-Oh!
(laughs) Thank you!
Come on, father.
Haven't you drunk enough or what?!
Don't be a fool, I've only just started...
(Gunshot)
What... was it, this noise?
Master!
The door is locked from the inside.
Do you have a master key?
I don't think so.
-We'll have to break the door down. I'll get an axe.
Master?
Master.
What... happened, master?
Is there a problem, master?
Ran, light the lamps.
Yes, understood.
Master?
Oh!
Master!
Mm?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Kogoro) The victim is architect Ryuichiro Kanazawa.
Apparently, he always sat here when he wanted to watch TV.
He has died after the bullet entered him from the front.
It seems that the murder weapon is not in this room.
All the windows are locked from the inside.
I mean, a murder in a locked room.
No, there's a bullet hole through the glass here.
That means the killer fired the rifle from...
Where did he fire it from?
He fired from...
Hm?
I don't know...
Mr. Mouri.
This is no time to joke.
Oh, excuse me, this room is amazing, did you know that?
It does a lap every 12 hours.
It does a lap?
Of course it does!
It's now 08:35, so it's been an hour since the shot was fired.
If we ideally rotate the plant back,
until we find the position it was in at that hour,
if we turn it 30 degrees...
I've got it!
Eh?
What could that be?
What's on the L-shaped bar?
Hm... It looks like oil.
- (man) We haven't found any cap.
W-what's wrong?
There are no tracks around the pine tree where he had bound the rifle.
There are between the cover and the place of the party, but...
It rained cats and dogs this afternoon
between 6 and 2/4 of 7 to this whole area.
So, after 2/4 of 7, no one has come near the tree.
So how did he shoot it, the killer?
Be that as it may, find out who the owner of the rifle is.
Ah, Mr. Mouri!
The rifle is in the dock.
So it must have been put here before it started raining.
Yes, the sights are aligned with the target.
This is the murder weapon.
The problem is where the killer went after firing it.
(Yokomizo) Don't tell me he fled by sea!
But there's a beach under here,
he couldn't have jumped directly into the sea.
Mr. Mouri!
This is a fishing line.
(At the same time) And the end of the fishing line?
What's wrong with the line?
It's covered with mud.
There is also mud on the trigger.
A lead... I got it.
Yeah, I got it!
Oooh!
The facts are these:
The killer knew that the victim would be watching television,
he timed the bullet to hit his target,
and at the moment of the crime, he tightened the fishing line...

thanks to the lead that is placed at the end.
Thus, he did not have to enter and escaped easily.
Do you think the murderer is an outsider?
But he knew exactly what the victim would do...
Inspector Yokomizo.
The victim has been besieged by a person for several months.
Does this mean that the stalker is the murderer?
To come to this conclusion is more than reasonable.
(Think) "Strange as it may seem,
"All your deductions have been correct so far."
"It's impossible that the people who were at the party could have fired the shots."
"But why is there such a complicated set-up?"
"Wait a second."
"There was mud on both the fishing line and the rifle trigger."
"The storm that blew in should have cleaned them clean of mud."
"What the hell is going on here?"
"Is this a set-up hiding something else?"
-Inspector Yokomizo.
-What?
It looks like the rifle belonged to the victim.
He reported it stolen last week.
I see what you mean...
And... the substance on the L-shaped bar is oil.
"Oil?"
All right.
I want you all to tell me what you did today.
At 6.40 sharp, immediately upon arrival,
"Mr. Mouri has gone upstairs to talk to Mr. Kanazawa."
At Conan, Ran, Mr. Hayashida and Mr. Amamori...
were in the garden, weren't they?
And you, Mrs. Kanazawa?
I was in the kitchen, drinking a glass of cognac.
I went out into the garden after 7 o'clock.
The party started at 10 past 7,
and Mr. Mouri and Mr. Kanazawa have met with you.
At 7:20, Mr. Hayashida went to the kitchen to get beer.
"He came back after 5 minutes."
Yes, sir.
Mr. Amamori, you left to go get coal,
just as Mr. Hayashi returned from the kitchen.
At 07:29, Mr. Kanazawa went upstairs alone...
to watch TV.
After that, I went to the washroom at 2/4 of 8,
and stayed out for 5 minutes.
I heard the gunshot when I had just returned.
Let me check something new.
At the time the shot was felt, was everyone in the garden?
Yes, that's why it's impossible that none of us could have fired.
"I already have a pretty good idea of how they did the set-up;
"The problem is who committed the crime..."
"What's this?"
Mr. Policeman, there's something on the floor.
Ah, thank you.
Uh..., Mr. Mouri wants you to check something.
Yes, the diameter of the building is 20 meters,
and from the building to the tree where the rifle was there is 10 meters.
The length of the fishing line that has been left to the rifle
is 10 meters and 2 centimeters.
Thank you.
(Thinking) "I've got it. The murderer is that person!"
Conan, where are you?
Conan, where are you?!
Where the hell did he go, that brat?!
Aaaaah... The wine has... dazed me, I suppose...
No, father, we don't have time to rest now.
Help me find Conan.
(Kogoro voice) I've already found him.
What?
(Conan voice) I'm here, Ran.
Conan.
You're a pain!
(Kogoro's voice) And I found out who did it too!
Ran, do you mind calling everyone to come over here?
You found out who did it?
You told us that the murderer was someone from outside.
Please forget what I told you.
It's true, they could tighten the fishing line...
with the weight from below into the ravine.
The murderer made it look like the crime was committed by an outsider...
an outsider, to confuse everyone.
But the murderer did not realize that the trigger would remain muddy.
And if it had rained, the mud should have gone with the rain.
This means... that the rifle was triggered in a different way.
And the only person capable of firing this feature is...
one of those found here.
(All) Quèèèèèè?
I will show you how they have fired the rifle
without anyone having picked it up with their hands.
Inspector Yokomizo, can you help me, if you don't mind?
Y-yes, sir.
Roll up the diaries one at a time and make tubes for us.
Then tape them together with adhesive tape,
until there's a very long one and put tape on it at the end.
And why is it, this tape?
Ah, now I remember.
We found this on the floor.

It's-it's the same one!
You mean the killer...?
When you have everything ready, you can place it on the ground?
Have you found this on the trigger?
Please put this on the end of the tube.
Then lift it up towards the building.
The fishing line that's attached to the pine will lift up,
and when it is completely taut,
the weight that's attached to the other end...
I can see it.
That's why there was mud on the fishing line!
Look at the top of the building.
Do you see anything?
Did you say on top of everything?
On the L-shaped bar?
Yes, the killer has hooked the fishing line.
And the weight gradually increased until it met the trigger.
Naturally, the killer was very careful...
and applied oil to the rod to make the line glide smoothly.
He has probably placed a cloth or a piece of paper soaked in oil on the end of the newspaper
on the end of the journal,
and rubbed the bar with it before hanging the thread.
It could not have taken more than 2 or 3 minutes.
Mr. Mouri.
You can tell us who the murderer is!
The murderer is...
It's you, Mr. Amamori.
It's you, Mr. Amamori. What?
At 7:25 he left...
"Under the pretext that he was going to fetch more coal,
"But then he put up the fishing line he had hidden...
"and prepared everything."
"Afterwards, he returned as if nothing had happened,
"with the newspaper tube undone and the coal wrapped inside."
Because of its length,
the string had to be in place in the building for 10 minutes at most.
It could only have been done by a person who had left
10 minutes before the time of the shot, at 7:35.
And you are the only one who comes to mind.
Am I right?
You don't know him, the real Ryuichiro Kanazawa.
The Shanghai Museum of Modern Art project was done by me.
(Kanazawa) That I stole the project from you?
Don't be ridiculous.
Do you have proof?
But I've always respected you, master.
I'll just give you a warning.
You don't seem to know the situation you're in.
This project has gained the public's attention
because I've submitted it in my name.
If you want to stay here, you'd better keep your mouth shut.
(Amamori) "At that time, I swore to myself...
"That I would not allow her to attend the awards ceremony."
So, you are the person who harassed her?
Yes..., I invented an imaginary stalker.
Mr. Mouri, everything went just as planned,
except... for you showing up today.
But what are you doing here?
Ra-Ran...
This is the beach Dr. Agasa told us about, isn't it?
Inspector Yokomizo, don't you find something strange?
He's drowned, but his body is full of signs and his clothes are disheveled...
And the next Conan:
"The mystery entangled in the web, (part one)."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

