Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today, a body wrapped in a net on the beach.
The 2 girls also come to an understanding.
It has the brain of an adult and it's Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "We went to spend a few days in Izu."
"La Ran and the others met at Yuuta Yoshizawa.
"Noboru Shimojo and Giichi Aramaki on the beach.
"But something clouded the atmosphere."
"That night, we met casually at Shimojo,
"at Yoshizawa and his friend Nobutsugu Nezu."
"It seems that everyone was expecting Mr. Aramaki."
"But unfortunately he was found shortly afterward dead on the beach."
"His body was wrapped in a net and he had dragged it into the sea."
THE MYSTERY entangling the NET, (PART TWO)
They do take a while to come back.
Okay, let's do it like this.
Encarreu's-en.
(Sonoko) Yes, sir.
(Sonoko) Inspector Yokomizo.
You know what?
I've already figured it out.
(Sonoko) Huh?
What... what did you say you found out?
The set-up the killer used to drown that man.
What? What?
What?
What's with the reaction?
Oh.
And how did he do it, the murderer?
The drifting boat was a fake.
The real set-up is simple and quite clear.
The murderer has made the man exhausted after getting him drunk,
wrapped the net around her and dumped her on the beach.
As the tide was high, the man was unable to move.
And he drowned.
So the murderer did not have to be at the scene of the crime.
Blow!
Sonoko, you're a genius!
Aren't you?
I don't want to be a spoilsport, but that's impossible.
Because when the tide comes in,
the water only rises a few centimeters with each wave;
it's not something that goes up in a flip-flop.
If the waves were beating the body and the water was rising,
the victim would have eventually woken up.
Also, the victim was only wrapped with the net....
"He would have lifted up and avoided the waves."
"He would have fled where he was out of reach of the waves."
But, of course, it would have been different...
if he had been given some kind of powerful sleeping pill.
And although we have no forensic data in this regard, we do not have any data from forensics.
And then, what do you say about this?
the assassin has wrapped the man with the net
and held him in the water until he drowned.
-What do you say? There would be no set-up here.
I knew it.
Nor serveix.
S-Sonoko...
(Thinking) "Sure..."
"It's about that."
"That's why this person has done something so strange."
"I have no doubt. I'm sure he's the killer."
"And another thing:
"He hasn't realized that the set-up against him.
"And reveals everything he has done."
Come on, that's enough.
Even the curious have gone.
We've said what we had to say.
-Let's play two. No, please, wait a bit.
-What do you want now?
-I'm asking you please.
Hey... Sonoko, you can't think of anything else regarding the case, can you?
Well, we're going back to the hotel.
What are you saying, now!
Ah!
Don't tell me that... you've been inspired!
Like the other time?
It seems to me that I've only been bitten by a mosquito.
(laughs)
(Flow) Hey, Shinichi, it looks like the investigation isn't progressing.
Why don't we leave?
(Shinichi's voice) Come on, what good is it, that we're leaving?
Now, Dr. Agasa will start telling the truth.
Then... Don't tell me that...
Yes, I've figured it out.
I already know what Mr. Aramaki has drowned
and also what set-up he used.
Mitsuhiko and the others will bring me the necessary tools
necessary to explain what happened.
When they come, move your lips following the voice of the transformer.
Oh.
It is not here!
Oh no, I forgot the voice transformer at the hotel!

(Ai) Come on.
(Ai) Here you go.
(Ai) Oh.
Haibara!
I thought you were looking for him.
(Ai) Thank you.
I'm surprised you knew we were all here.
It took us so long that I asked a hotel clerk
if there had been a murder or if anything had happened.
I'm sorry. I completely forgot about you.
I completely forgot about you.
Huh?
Where the fuck are they, everyone else?
Ah, well, they're...
(Genta) EEEEE!
-Conan!
-We've found it!
Look, a big shell!
A dead starfish.
I asked for a basin and a bucket.
But what are you going to do with all this? Wait a bit and you'll see.
Please leave us alone, inspector.
This happens in a big way.
When are you going to let us go?
I've already told you before, wait a second,
we'll soon have the approximate time of death.
How much longer will you need to know?
In the TV series you don't have to wait that long!
-Besides, don't you see that we had no chance of killing him?
When we called at half past five and ten past nine, someone picked up the phone and came back,
someone hung up and hung up again right away.
"You have that call in the phone's memory."
"Anyway, at that time we were in the hotel restaurant."
If you are still suspicious of us, listen:
How could the cell phone have gone so far,
if it was inside the network along with the Aramaki?
This is...
(Agasa voice) It's the waves.
Look at this.
This empty can.
It's like Mr. Aramaki, he's been washed up on the beach.
He's been washed up on the beach?
Of course, the victim has been rolling!
Mr. Aramaki has been rolling on the sand,
pushed by the swaying of the waves.
That's right.
It's obvious.
What's new about this?
Mr. Aramaki has been rolling,
and some shell or something else from the net,
he pressed the cell phone key, which was on the net.
And when he turned around again,
the key was pressed again and the phone was disconnected.
Proof of this is that the cell phone found with the body was full of scratches.
was full of scratches.
And the same can be said with respect to the clothes and the body.
There is no doubt in my mind.
The phone answered the call, not because someone pressed the key,
but because when the victim was rolling,
the key pressed itself.
That is to say, if the murderer foresaw the body rolling on the beach,
he must not have been here to switch the phone on and off...
But this was not a coincidence?
He could foresee that the body rolling on the beach,
But how could you foresee that you would press the key
when Shimojo would call him?
-That would have been impossible. -Huh?
I guess so...
But his alibi on the phone has been dismantled from top to bottom.
So hurry up
and find out the approximate time of death at once!
(Mobile)
Hello?
(Mobile) What?
Do you have the victim's approximate time of death?
All right, you got it.
-Yes?
-Look, it turns out...
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Enough whispering.
Hurry up and diguin's this at once.
Now you know what time Aramaki died, right?
Yes, we do.
And according to the approximate time of death,
the alibis of the 3 of you are invalid.
Therefore, continue to be suspicious.
What?
So... So, tell us, when did he die?
If you don't tell us what you know, you won't convince us.
I arrived at the restaurant shortly after 7 o'clock.
At Yuuta, at 8 o'clock.
And at Shinji, at 7:10 of 9.
It takes 10 minutes to go from there to the restaurant.
In Shinji he has gone to visit his father's grave, earlier.
I'm sure someone from the temple has seen him.
What time did he die?
If we couldn't have been here at this hour,
it's clear that we couldn't have committed the crime.
(Agasa voice) Not exactly.
It could have been committed perfectly well without being here.
If you use this montage:
One, a montage?
Doctor Agasa, what are you doing now?
I'm getting ready to explain the setup.
I'm sure you've all figured it out by now.
The sand inside the basin represents the sand of the beach.
This starfish is Mr. Aramaki, the victim.
And the water in this bucket is the high tide water.
All right, everybody take a step back. (Children) OK.

First, a hole is made in the sand...
big enough for a person to lie down in it,
like Mr. Aramaki,
who was drunk and has fallen asleep in that hole.
But, Dr. Agasa.
Hmm?
This won't work.
He wants to explain that the body was trapped in the net
and a high wave came and so he drowned, right?
That's impossible!
The inspector explained that even if a high wave came,
the water level would not rise so high
that the victim would not realize that he would drown and could run away.
See.
What if I use this?
Eh?
A shell?
You put it on top of the victim so it immobilizes him,
and when the high tide comes in...
In effect...
If there is a person wrapped in a net
and he has something put on him, he won't be able to run away.
"But in this case, when they found the body,
"There should have been a big rock there."
Was there anything like that around?
No, there was nothing like that.
Okay...
If it had been a flat rock,
they would have found it on top of it,
but if that weight had a similar shape to this shell...
See what happens.
Oh!
It has started to float!
But wait.
Where could you find a shell big enough to do this?
Huh? (Laughs)
No, don't tell me.
Is this bot?
Yes, the killer has caught Mr. Aramaki drunk.
"After wrapping the net around him,
"he placed it inside the hole he had made,
"and put the boat on top of it."
In this way, even if he realized that he was covered by water,
it would be impossible for him to get up and he would end up drowning.
And when the water level rose higher, the boat would start to float,
the boat would float away from Mr. Aramaki.
You were waiting for this moment to come at the restaurant,
weren't you, Mr. Noboru Shimojo?
Everything went as planned.
-Hey, Noboru!
-Don't tell me you...
Mr. Shimojo, you...?
Am I doing well? Yes, you're doing very well.
Be alert and follow me with your lips.
And the sake bottle, the sandal and the button you found in the boat?
With these things in the boat,
I'd make it look like Mr. Aramaki was on board,
so no one would think he'd been trapped underneath.
I'll tell you more, though: the water accumulated in the boat made it heavier.
Everything was set up to complicate Mr. Aramaki's escape.
From what you have said, it is possible to commit the crime without being present.
But how can we conclude that you committed it?
You knew the order of the calls the victim received, didn't you?
You said his name was after Mr. Yoshizawa.
Because he said he was called before he came to the restaurant.
Mr. Yoshikawa came at 8 o'clock.
You have made the first call at 07:47.
How did you know that Mr. Yoshikawa called before you?
Th-that's because...
(Agasa voice) You knew that Mr. Yoshizawa had called you...
because you heard the call
when he was preparing the boat assembly that I just explained.
You felt the call live.
Of course I did.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
But what's wrong with him?
He just makes a bunch of irresponsible comments.
You say that I am the murderer
because of a mistake in the order of the calls?
There is no evidence to prove that I carried out the set-up!
It could be that someone got her drunk,
wrapped her in the net and threw her into the sea.
That's just it.
If there is no evidence to prove that he committed the murder....
(Agasa voice) There is nothing to prove it.
What we have as evidence is very advantageous to you.
(Agasa voice) It is true.
The only proof they have is that it was in that restaurant
far away from here at the time that guy died.
You have nothing else.
Can anyone vouch for what you say?
Can anyone testify to what you say?
But aren't you one of those witnesses?
What time in particular are you referring to?
Lately I've become quite forgetful.
What the s'empatolla ?!
You were there too, you old fool!
Next to me, the Chinese restaurant!
Exactly at 8 o'clock, when he has died.
Mm?
Wait a second, Mr. Shimojo.
How do you know the time of death was 8 o'clock?
I-I felt them whispering about it just now.
That's strange.

The approximate time of death that they gave me...
is from 6:00 to 9:00, when they found the body.
They may have more details of her death, right?
From the postmortem rigidity and the stages of death.
(Agasa voice) Absolutely.
The approximate time of death usually removes
the signs of postmortem rigidity,
phases of death and rectal temperature.
This is possible if the body is in a place with a stable temperature.
But the victim's body has been abandoned.
The blood accumulates in the lower part of the body by the effect of gravity,
and no conclusions can be drawn from the stages of death.
And as the waves covered and uncovered the body, the temperature kept changing,
the temperature kept changing.
And the speed of the temperature drop was unusual,
which makes it impossible to determine a precise time.
In other words, no one, including the police,
knows what time Mr. Aramaki died.
Except you, who orchestrated this whole setup...
because the victim drowned at that time.
Noboru!
-Don't tell me you did it for our parents.
Yes, you can thank me,
because I've summoned all my courage to kill the Aramaki bastard..,
who murdered our parents 8 years ago.
8 years ago?
But wasn't it an accident because they went out to sea?
They didn't go out to sea just because they wanted to prove their bravery.
"The Aramaki ignored the storm warning, and set sail,
"And our parents set sail after him to bring him back."
The Aramaki lost control due to the waves,
and not only ran into the boat of our fathers,
but also abandoned them when they were in the middle of the sea
and turned back alone!
I asked a shy fellow who was with the Aramaki.
So why didn't you say anything to the police?
So that the witness disappeared.
What?
I asked the Aramaki about him, and that man still bragged.
Do you know how a perfect crime is committed?
Salpas with another person,
and in the open sea, you push another guy and make him fall off the boat.
They won't find the body and there won't be any witnesses either.
What do you think?
It's pretty easy, isn't it?
So the Aramaki also killed that man!
But you had no need to kill him.
Now you're just as guilty as he is.
Ha-ha-ha... What do you mean by this?
I have also avenged the death of our parents for you!
After sacrificing myself,
I have summoned all my courage to punish you for your actions.
What right do you have to speak to me in this manner?!
You are wrong.
(Think) "Ran."
No way.
The word "courage" will be used
to invoke feelings of righteousness.
It should never be used to justify
the taking of a person's life.
(Off) "The murderer was struck dumb.
"After hearing the words of the Ran,
"And they drove him silently
"To the Shizuoka police station."
"She had a quiet, sad smile on her face as she was taken away."
Kogoro, neither her money nor her credit card was stolen.
(Think) "All the papers have today's date on them.
"And they are all related to the work of the town mayor."
And the next Conan: "The alibi of the welfare forest."
("Always")

(Heart) Always give my life!
Always give my life to you!
Always give my life!
Always give my love to you!
(Girl) Son Jana?
Ima kara de mo.
Iin Jana?
Yareru koto!
Omotta Door ni Yatte miyou,
kimi to Deau made.
Nani mo nakatta keredo...
(Heart) Me o tojite omou!
Isshin ni Ikiru basho ga aru kara!
Always, ay no Mune ni Yuuki o dashite,
tatoe sore ga dame da to shite mo ella!
No, sore dake ga jibun Jana.
Yes, kazamuki ga kawatta ima tobitatou!
(Always give my love.
Always give my love to you!
- Always give my...- Give my liiiife!

