Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today, a mountain inn in late summer.
The truth always comes out in the end.
He has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

THE ALIBI OF THE FOREST OF WELL-BEING
I thank you for coming such a long way to come.
This is the only road that leads to the inn.
We'll be there in 10 minutes.
Have a little patience, okay?
(All) Yes.
Of it... is it true that you run the inn with your brother?
(All) No, no.
I only help my older brother during the summer season.
Ah, I get it.
Come to think of it...
Shiro, we should think about giving the watermelon to the father.
Yes, but we have to take care of the guests first.
(Drunk) Hey... Listen to something: shall we stop somewhere else?
Because I'd like to go to the bathroom...
Ha-ha-ha.
Yes, of course.
It's over there, on the other side of the bridge.
(Kogoro) Ah, that's perfect!
Please, Father, you drink too much beer.
(Kogoro) Not at all.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Kogoro) Yes, sir.
What a rest!
Mmm...
(Kogoro) Oh.
Well, well, indeed, this is a very delicate vase.
Ahem...
Mr. Mayor, are you a potter?
No, I work the clay to pass the time, because I live alone.
But yesterday I drank badly and today I can't do anything.
(Shiro) Father, we've brought you this from the garden.
I hope you like it.
It's very ripe.
(Shiro) What are you looking at sucking up to me?
-Father, Shiro does it in good faith. You're a bad piece of work too!
I objected to you marrying that girl,
but you did and got married.
Listen, Shiro.
I have no intention of leaving you any money.
Take this and get out of here!
I'm sorry you saw such a pitiful scene.
Don't worry, man.
He must be in a bad mood.
No, he's always like that.
He's stubborn, and he has a very old-fashioned way of doing things.
- (door: creaking) - (girl) Hello!
Hello, Aiko.
Are you making the rounds to collect the bills?
I was going to, but I've neglected the block of bills.
If you want, this time we can pay you anyway.
-No, thanks.
I'll take it when it happens again.
It's just that I'm very careful with money things.
Ahem... I'm Kogoro Mouri, a private detective.
I'm spending the night at Shiro's inn and my room is...
the one down... the hallway.
Oh, excuse me, but I have to go make the delivery.
If you'll excuse me...
Ha-ha... The beauty of the welfare forest, huh?
Ah.
My hat!
(Shiro) Be careful!
(Shiro) Don't go into the river, it's dangerous.
I'll get it for you.
I've got it.
You have it.
You can put it on now.
Thank you very much, Kinji.
I'm glad it didn't get wet.
Gee, but you wet your pants.
No problem...
But now everyone knows I can't swim.
(laughs)
Well, I'll see you later.
We are leaving.
We're going to harvest wild fruits.
The boy we have part-time will take care of you.
Thank you. (Bell: jingle)
Good morning.
I'll bring you the special order he made.
Thank you for everything.
You have a tour group, tonight?
Well, sort of.
Oh! (Kogoro: drunkenly) Eeeeeeeeei!
(Kogoro: drunk) Eeeeeeeeeeei!
What no more cervesaaaaaa?
(Kogoro: drunk) Oh.
Ooooh...
Eeeh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Clock: 4 chimes)
Always the same.
He got drunk right away and now he's sleeping it off.
Hello, Shiro, didn't you go to look for wild fruits?
Eh... Yes..., yes I did...
But I remembered that I had to do something and I came back.
Ah, very well.
But, don't worry, my brother will already bring wild fruits.
(Kogoro: moans)
And now what has he gotten himself into?
Please, father! (Phone)
(Ring)
Detective Mouri's office.
Tell me what you want, please.
That they have murdered the mayor of the village?
(Jingle)
I'm already here.

(Kogoro) Yes, understood.
I'll be right back.
I'll see you later.
I'll see you now.
You're Mr. Mouri, I presume.
Midorikawa, the village policeman.
Good work, Mr. Mouri.
I'd like to see the scene.
-May I see the scene? -Segueixi'm.
-Pa-father! Bread-father!
A letter opener.
So, the murder weapon is this.
The initials... RM.
It's the mayor's initials.
(Kogoro) Considering the appearance of the body,
the killer was probably in the study and stabbed the mayor in the front.
(Police) The fact that the papers are scattered around means that the killer was looking for something.
means that the murderer was looking for something, can't you find?
And as for how he got in, except for the main one,
the entrances were locked from the inside.
Aiko, give us the details?
the moment you found the dead mayor, please.
Yes, sir.
Five minutes ago I came here like every day to collect the milk bills.
Then he put his stamp on the account block.
And then what happened?
I went to Shiro's guesthouse and felt someone calling,
so I came back here.
And I met the mayor.
What time was it when you heard the scream?
Four o'clock.
It was while I was on patrol.
I arrived shortly after the Aiko.
It was 5 minutes before 4 o'clock.
So that means that the murder was committed
moments after the Aiko left the victim's house.
In other words,
when the Aiko came to collect the money, the killer was here.
No money or credit cards were stolen from him.
And the things he has on the desk have fallen.
He doesn't look like a Robato... Ouch!
I've told you.
Don't touch anything without permission!
Looks like the killer has come to see the mayor,
they had a confrontation and he impulsively stuck the gun in him.
By the way: where was he, you, next to the 4 o'clock?
Ah, yes, I had already returned to the inn.
I would also be walking in the direction of the inn.
(Police) And can you confirm what you say?
Well... well...
Around 4:10, when Shiro was called by the Aiko, he was here.
And Kinji came back while Shiro was on the phone, remember?
Besides, why would I want to kill my father?
It takes an hour to go from the father's house to the hostel on foot.
By car, it's 5 minutes, but I had left on foot.
The car has been all the time at the hostel.
(Kogoro) Other means of transportation?
(Shiro) No, none.
There is only one way to get to the hostel
and it's a dead-end road.
And cliffs line the road.
It would have been impossible to get to the inn in 10 minutes.
(Sigh of relief)
Does this mean she was killed by Aiko?
No.
From the looks of the wound,
the killer would have been splattered with blood from top to bottom.
(Sigh of relief) Of course.
Apparently,
it's impossible for anyone here to have committed the crime.
The culprit must be an unknown person who broke in to steal.
(Sighs of relief)
(Thinking) "There's something wrong. There is one thing..."
Aiko, please.
Will you let me see the bead block?
You mean this one?
Of course I can.
"Eh? This is...?"
"All the papers are dated today.
"And they're related to the mayor's job."
"But... Why?"
Mr. Mouri.
Do you mind if we go back to the inn, now?
(Kogoro) Yes, I don't find any inconvenience.
(Thinking) "Eh? There's less mud."
"If the mayor got it wrong and couldn't use the shift..."
"Besides, the rope that was upstairs is gone too."
"Got it!"
Ah.
Again...
What's wrong, Kogoro?
(All) Oooh!
Mr. Mouri!
Father.
(Kogoro voice) It's nothing, it's just that I found out who the murderer is.
And the murderer is among us.
But... you just told us...
that it's impossible for any of them to have committed the crime.
As for the Aiko,
I have eliminated her from the list of suspects immediately.
The murderer was supposed to get rid of the clothes
that would have been splattered with blood.
But she didn't change her clothes,
nor did he have time to get rid of the blood that would have been left on him.
Shiro and Kinji did change.
Because we were going to harvest wild fruits in the forest.

(Police) Anyway, if one of them is the murderer,
how did he do it, to come back in 10 minutes?
Do you have the answer? Yes, I do.
Because he went down the river.
Going down the Tsunakawa River,
which passes in the wake of the mayor's house and the inn,
you can get back to the inn in 2 or 3 minutes.
But on this stretch there is no mooring where you can tie up a boat.
"No, there isn't."
"Like the murder wasn't planned,
"The killer must not have had any boat ready."
You say the murderer swam downstream taking advantage of the strong current?
I don't know how to swim.
S-so he did it in Kinji?
Come on, don't be ridiculous!
Will you do me a favor and let me finish?
It's likely that after killing the mayor in a fit of rage,
the killer realized that he was covered in blood splatter.
Therefore, he thought he had to leave as soon as possible?
and clean up all the blood on him.
So he came up with a method
using the mud and a dirty rope on the floor.
The mud and the rope?
But what does it mean?
First, the killer took off his blood-stained pants.
"Then he washed them a little in the sink and took that rope."
"Then he turned the pants inside out and smeared mud all over them."
"He put them back on straight,
"and tied each of the bottoms with the rope."
"Next, he took them by the belt part...
"He filled them with air and jumped into the river."
"The pants, which had swollen, served as a flotation device...
"And the murderer went downstream."
Like when a child starts to play while bathing,
inflating a towel with air.
It follows the same principle.
The mud prevents the water from soaking the pants and seeping in.
The killer just had to go with the flow.
And that's how he was able to get to the hostel.
And almost all the blood on the pants has also flowed away.
After arriving, the murderer quickly changed his clothes...
before appearing before us as if nothing had happened.
So..., which one of them is the killer?
Before that: Aiko!
Yes.
Take the block of bills, which will serve as evidence for us.
And collect the outstanding bill from Shiro, as you always do.
Yes.
Why now?
At a time like this?
Can you put your stamp on it?
You seem to have figured it out, haven't you?
This block of beads is precisely the proof...
that proves that you are the murderer.
(All) What?!
Please compare the seals of the mayor and Shiro.
They have exchanged seals!
(All) What?!
See.
Until last month,
the mayor's is well-defined, without imperfections,
but this month, a part of the circle has not been marked.
You are right.
And Shito's had a part of the circle unmarked,
but this month's is perfectly marked, without flaws.
(Police) I can see that.
If you look closely, you realize that they've swapped the stamps!
(Police) Exactly.
In other words, Shiro,
this is irrefutable proof
that you were at the mayor's house when the murder was committed.
In Shiro has gone to see the mayor carries his personal seal,
but he had a quarrel with him.
As the seals of the 2 men have intervened,
we can assume that everything was due to an economic issue.
Then, a knocked down the papers on the desk,
and this is how the stamps were exchanged.
NNO.
We did not exchange them today!
I'm sure that the other day....
This is not at all likely.
The seals were exchanged today.
Just before the Aiko came here.
The papers on the floor have today's stamp and date on them.
It is precisely the seal
that the mayor has been using for the last month
to sign the documents of the city hall.
All that he has stamped today, he has stamped with you,
except for the one he used when the Aiko came to collect.
He has probably put a different stamp today and that's enough.
Considering that he has an important position as the mayor of the town,
he would never change his seal from one day to the next.
Besides, we'll check whether it's the real seal or the fake one?
according to the prints we find.
No, sir.
This is not evidence!
Shiro...

In Conan told me that before you go looking for wild fruits,
you put your stamp on the delivery note of the beverage delivery man.
If we examine which of the 2 stamps it was....
(Cries)
It's not true!
It's a lie, isn't it, brother?
Why did you have to kill the father?
Why did you have to kill the father?!
Shiro, say something.
Tell me it's not true!
Father hated me...
He was always comparing me to my little brother,
who was good at everything.
(Kinji) Brother!
My financial situation was in danger because of the economic depression...
and I needed money desperately,
so I went to him for financial help.
(Remember) Please, Father.
At least, at least... be my guarantor.
Stop it.
I can't! (Ring: ding-dong)
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
(Aiko) Good morning, Mr. Mayor: it's hot, isn't it?
You're still here whining?
You're nothing but trouble!
You should have left this house yourself,
instead of Kinji!
This sentence...
made all my anger go against the father and I exploded....
(Clock: 4 o'clock)
(Shiro) "Then I wiped my fingerprints off the letter opener,
"I picked up the form and the seal, and left the room."
The rest went just as Mr. Mouri explained.
Shiro... (cries)
Shiro...
Even if it was to evade justice,
you found a way to go down the river even though you can't swim.
Therefore, you should also be able to find any other way...
of overcoming hostile feelings for your father without murdering him.
Whether you find a way to do it or not, it changes your life.
(Cries)
Don't tell me you're the actor...
who plays Detective Samonji!
Gee, the door's open....
(Thinks) "There are bloodstains... and they go all the way to the entrance."
"It can't be."
Mr. Kenzaki, open the door!
Right now!
And the next Conan:
"The Secrets of the Great Stars, (part one)"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni)
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

