Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Misunderstandings and compassion.
The case will make everything different tomorrow.
He is a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "Invited by Yoko Okino,
"we went to Kaoru Kusan's engagement party,
"who had been in the pop group Ladies of the Earth with Yoko."
"At the party we were able to see the other members of the group:
Yuki Taken....
and Terumo Hoshino, who were also invited.
"But someone attacked Kaoru while she was taking a bath."
THE SECRET OF THE BIG STARS, (SECOND PART).
But before... don't you neglect something else, inspector?
Eh?
The murder weapon, the knife that was used.
If it is found among our personal belongings or in the house,
the criminal is one of us.
If not, it came from outside.
It is hard to believe that after the assault,
a criminal outside has hidden the weapon...
The criminal must have cleaned the knife,
and even if there is no blood left,
luminol can detect hemoglobin.
In fact..., it's not something that can be hidden, is it?
It's... true!
Wow, you are very well informed.
It's just that I'm hooked on crime novels,
thanks to a certain someone.
Okay, okay, okay.
Takagi, search Mr. Kenzaki,
and have the policewomen search the ladies.
Have the other officers split up to find the gun.
But Inspector, if Mr. Makuma, who accompanied you to the hospital..,
is the criminal,
he must have gotten rid of the murder weapon.
Damn it...
No need to worry.
I have asked the nurses to call us
if they saw him do anything strange.
Ah... Very well, then.
Next.
Miss Taken, you can come in now, please.
Uh, yes.
Hey, Yuki was a regular actress in "Detective Samonji", right?
Yes.
She played the role of a reporter who pursued Detective Samonji.
But she stopped appearing in the series when her father got sick,
and they changed her to Kaoru.
First they suggested Terumo,
but thanks to Makuma, Kaoru got the role.
But Kaoru told her that she was a failure and has treated her badly.
It's just that in Makuma she also wanted to be an actor
and belonged to the same studio as us.
"But he gave up his dream very soon.
"And he became Kaoru's manager."
Despite what you heard him say,
Kaoru thinks very highly of Makuma.
I wanted to tell him that he had given up too soon, that he didn't have enough courage.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.
Really?
So you haven't found any weapons?
No, neither in the room nor among his personal belongings.
Did you also examine the accessories worn by the ladies?
Yes, Miss Hoshino's false nails and earrings.
We also examined Mr. Kenzaki's chain,
but there was no reaction to the luminol.
What about Makuma at the hospital?
The inspector on duty examined his glasses,
but he has not obtained any results.
He sat there completely depressed
until our investigators arrived at the hospital.
I think it's unlikely that he tried to get rid of the gun.
Let's see, so, it seems almost certain?
that both the gun and the criminal came from the outside.
(Thinking) "That's not true."
"The culprit would not have known that Kaoru was bathing."
"He would not have dared to commit such a crime."
"It would be too dangerous and risky.
"For the stranger to enter the house and try to murder her."
"I believe that someone on the inside did it
"And that the gun is hidden around the apartment."
"Why doesn't it show up?"
(Man) Inspector!
There's a bug hidden in this teddy bear in her bedroom!

And it seems that someone has rummaged through the drawers in the room.
So, the criminal had information about Miss Kusan,
and knew that she was promised and had even gone to take a bath.
If it turns out that the culprit is a fan,
it is possible that he may have assaulted the lady
and took something as a souvenir.
Call the office of her representatives
and see if she had a dangerous fan.
Yes, sir.
(Think) "This is the bedroom."
"And this is the drawer they were talking about."
"In the drawer they rummaged through there are pens and a pair of scissors."
"This is the one for clothes and accessories. It's intact."
"Eh?"
"This photograph...!"
Hey.
What are you doing?!
Don't do that!
This is invading your privacy.
It makes me sick.
Girls... we have secrets we don't want anyone to know.
And because of things like this,
there often end up being stupid quarrels.
Take the photograph and put it in the bottom left drawer.
Kaoru will suffer if she doesn't find it in its place.
Eh..., hmm.
"Okay, in the bottom left drawer..."
"Eh?"
"Sure!"
"That's it!"
"I've already solved the mystery of the weapon he used."
"Now I know how the criminal did it to eliminate the evidence."
Anyway, considering we didn't find the gun inside the house,
the criminal could have been someone on the outside.
Maybe this is the work of an obsessed fan.
Now all we can do is pray
that Ms. Kusan recovers soon.
Maybe she has seen the criminal and he can identify.
(Phone)
(Ring)
Ho-hello?
Yes, yes, I'm a friend of Miss Kusan.
Yes?
What is it?
The Kaoru...
Yo-Yoko!
It's a call from the hospital, right?
L-listen.
Don't tell me that Kaoru...
Don't worry.
The operation was successful.
She should be able to regain consciousness in a few hours.
Oh.
That's great! Thank goodness.
Then you'd better go see her right away, Mr. Kenzaki.
-Now she needs you. -Yes...
You mean it's a good idea?
The hospital has become a swarm of reporters.
So, I'll come later.
I don't want to inconvenience the other patients...
or let it get out of hand
with media misunderstandings.
-Misunderstandings?
-Ah, I meant...
Wouldn't it be time to explain...
the real reason for this party?
The real reason?
Ah, that... I...
Well, actually... Well...
It's a pity.
Things didn't go as you planned.
It was you, wasn't it?
You're the one who slit Kaoru's throat.
Marrec, I'm sorry to talk to you like this, but you're playing detective.
And there's no creepy weapon here that slit his throat.
Listen, kid, the police have searched the whole apartment...
but they didn't find anything, and they didn't see me carrying anything either.
If you say it was me, tell me what the murder weapon was.
Now I don't know where it is, but I can tell you what it is.
It's something long that you carry on your fingertips.
Ah, you're talking about these false nails, perhaps?
I'm sorry to hear that, my boy.
The police have examined them, but...
No, the false nails are a screen.
Eh?
I'm talking about what's hidden under your false nails.
It's the hardest part of the body after the teeth,
and with it you can cut someone's throat open.
Good nails as sharp as a knife.
You've probably used the nail of the big toenail on your right hand,
because it's the widest and easiest to use.
And it's your real fingernail.
"After committing the crime, you cut it off....
"And you put the false nail back on top of it."
Covering it up like this,
no one would think you had a thumb with a long nail.
That's why you used a pair of work gloves with holes in them.
The only thing sticking out of the glove was the big toenail,
"And you put on your raincoat
"To keep your clothes from getting blood on them."
"There was the trail of blood in the hallway.
"And you left off your raincoat and gloves
"To make it look like it was all the work of a stranger."
The work of the fake stalker that you had invented.
Yuki, you're the person behind those notes...

and you also sent him a stuffed animal with a microphone, right?
I... I feel...
Well, um... Yeah, let's say the murder weapon is a fingernail.
But... in this case,
there should be a nail clipper somewhere.
Don't you think, little detective?
That's why you went through the drawer where there were pens and scissors,
because you wanted to get her nail clippers.
But unfortunately there weren't any.
Kaoru probably filed and trimmed her nails,
before they got so long.
That's why you didn't find the nail clippers, Yuki.
And your plan didn't succeed.
I could have cut my nail with the scissors.
You wouldn't have done it
because you knew the police would be the first thing they would look at.
If you cut your fingernail with blood on it,
they would have noticed right away.
And on the other hand,
you thought the police wouldn't look at nail clippers.
But you didn't carry it because you didn't want to go with such a test.
And what's more.
You couldn't do it because you knew that they would look closely at all the suspects' personal belongings.
all the personal belongings of the suspects.
Let's see...
how could I cut my fingernail if I couldn't find a nail clipper?
I've said it before.
Nails are the hardest part of the body after... the teeth.
"After you've bitten off your nail,
"you flushed it down the sink drain."
By doing it this way,
even if they saw that your nail was bitten off,
it wouldn't look like a weapon.
And I have proof that you acted that way.
Look.
Your lipstick mark on the card.
I didn't notice it at first,
but as time went on, it turned a darker brown.
Yes, it's the blood that you got on your lips
when you bit your nails.
(Cries)
No..., there will be no passage, because she will declare what happened...
that I have called her... from outside the bathroom,
that I made her... inhaled something when I came out of the bathroom...
"What's wrong with you?"
"That you had something to drink before I came into the kitchen?"
I... I loved him...
I was in love...
with Kenzaki...
ever since we worked together in the series.
But... Kaoru took me both..,
my role and Kenzaki's...
"No, it's not true."
And... when I complimented her, what do you think she replied?
It's just a set-up, a set-up.
Besides, mi-te, it's not bad, so what's the big deal?
It scares me and everything...
that my jealousy has led me to commit this crime...
"It was a misunderstanding."
"The reason Kaoru has promised is surely..."
I'm stupid.
If only I'd stuck him a little deeper...
But when I saw her face, I was unable to kill her.
I couldn't do it... she's my friend...
I'm glad Kaoru didn't die.
"What did she take?"
"Her face is pale and she's broken out in a cold sweat," he says,
"Her pulse is racing and her hands are shaking..."
"He has... tremors."
The father goes often, to this hospital,
to have his diabetes checked.
"A hypoglycemic,
"The medicine that a person with diabetes usually takes."
"If a normal person takes it,
"His blood sugar level drops so low
"That one pill can be fatal."
"If she had planned it all... she must have planned to kill herself, too."
"I've got it!"
"No. I won't let you die because of a misunderstanding."
"It's too sad. I won't let you die!"
(Echoing) I'm sorry, Kaoru.... It tastes very... serious...
Kaoru...!
What... What happened?
Ah!
You're awake now!
What?
Where am I?
At Haido Hospital.
You've been sleeping for two days straight.
What a fool you are.
You're confusing my father's medicine with vitamins!
Well, I'll go call Terumo,
I'll tell him you've regained consciousness.
About it..., Kaoru...
I didn't...
It's all right.
I've already explained to the police what happened.
That I was attacked...
a short, chubby, middle-aged woman.
Eh?
I preferred to say this,
I didn't want them to think
that a toasty stalker had seen me naked...
But... but yes... it was me...
I will gladly accept this scar on my neck...
as punishment for cheating on you
with no regard for your feelings.

You say you cheated on me?
Yes.
The engagement party was a sham we'd arranged.
A lie...
to get a certain someone to wake up.
Do you remember that?
I've always said I dreamed of getting married at 20 like Yukiko Kudo.
Yes...
And now, my dream has finally come true.
Look at this.
Today's newspapers.
You've finally decided to take the plunge.
But-but you still like him, that mediocre boy?
How can that be?
Aw, shut up.
I know he has no courage, but he has many virtues.
He proclaimed the one he felt for me in front of journalists and cameras.
She is the only person I love and I don't want to lose her.
(Cries)
Yes, he did.
At the end he said it.
Really?
A lot has happened,
but I'm glad to have carried out my plan
despite Terumo's opposition.
She also knew about the plan?
Yes, in fact, Terumo and I have never been angry.
That fight was a comedy to make the group fall apart,
because we thought that if we continued singing,
we would have gone astray.
I felt bad, because you and Yoko wanted to continue...
I'm sorry about that.
Right.
You made it look like you were fighting to hide me.
What did he mean, when he wrote...
"You have... you have my condolences" on the card?
Ah, that little boy told me about it.
With that sentence he meant
that our plan had failed miserably.
-That boy? -Yes, woman: Conan.
Mr. Mouri must have taught him very well.
When he took me out of the bathtub in Kenzaki, he was embarrassed....
"And he covered my body with a towel,
"Then Conan realized he wasn't my fiancé..,
"And he asked me if I liked him in Makuma,
"Because he had seen the photograph."
It was a picture of Makuma and me.
And it was he who put sugar in your mouth
as a first aid measure
when you fainted from the effects of the medicine.
So, it was... that boy.
Yes.
And now, what do you plan to do?
I mean in Kenzaki.
If you continue to be distracted, maybe Terumo will step on you.
Why is that?
He told me this in Conan, too.
Terumo is stuck on crime novels
because she likes Kenzaki in the role of detective Samonji.
(laughs) But, unfortunately, this is not true.
I understand that Terumo gave him pumpkins.
Poor guy.
Oh, really?
And now who is he, her ideal boyfriend?
I don't know, but I wouldn't be surprised if she had a younger lover.
(Horse: neighs)
(Thinks) "Don't tell me that..."
Conan!
Mal, he's already dead.
If he's bleeding from the head, it means....
"What's this?"
"A piece of chocolate?"
And the next Conan: "The Tragedy of the OK Ranch"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni)
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

