Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
The scenario of the facts is the Ok ranch.
There will be a fight between crime and deduction.
He is a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

Ooooh!
I feel great!
Don't you, daughter?
There's nothing better than nature.
But, Father.
How come you thought of going on a car trip?
Uh... Yes, I wonder why?
Eh... We've been here before, haven't we?
Yes, that's right.
Now we're here, we've come this way...
and then this way, so...
Let-he looked at me.
Where are we going?
-Well... -(car: horn)
Hey, father, step aside.
(Moco-moco)
Eeeeeh?
It's this one!
-Waitaaaaaaaaa'm! - (moco-moooooc)
(Moco-moooooc) The Okusu Ranch?
TRAGEDY AT OK RANCH
(Kogoro) Oh, you've helped us a lot!
Thanks to you we were able to get there easily.
Don't worry about it.
After all, it's been a long time since anyone visited us.
It's a horse ranch!
(thinks) "He has brought us here....
"Because he's having fun with his beloved horses."
I thought it would not be bad to breathe in nature.
(Man) Get out of here!
I want him to go.
No need to tell me to go, I do it because I have a lot of work.
But it counts that you do not miss a good opportunity to sell this place.
- (Door bell: tinkling) - (Mochizuki: river)
(Door bell: jingle)
Gentlemen, I apologize for the scene you just saw.
Welcome to the OK Ranch.
I am the Okusu, the owner of this ranch.
The OK Ranch?
The name of the ranch is after the first letters of my last name.
Although nothing's been going right lately, to tell you the truth.
(laughs)
That's true.
There you go, boy.
Do you want some chocolate?
It's very good.
(thinks) "Chocolate, eh?"
No, thanks.
See.
Oh, it's fantastic!
Oh, sorry I'm late.
My name is Takeuchi and I'll be your guide.
How do you do?
(Takeuchi) Almost all the horses are out,
because we have them competing in the races.
I don't know if you will be able to see many.
Oh, but isn't this horse... yeah, man, Madame Leap?
Yes.
She's our broodmare.
Oh, what memories!
I've gone on to make a lot of money, with her.
Thank you for the money you've made me.
Oh, but you don't look so good.
Yes, she lost the foal she was expecting...
and now, unfortunately, she can't have any more offspring.
Oh, gee, I get it.
Poor things.
This one is stable inside the barn to breed the foals.
He is not in service right now, but if you want to come and see him....
(Car: approaching)
Hello, Sanae.
Are these guests?
Uh... Yes.
Hey.
Thank you for coming.
You take care of Madame Leap today.
Mr. Mouri, this is Motoo Sugiyama,
who I took care of when I was a jockey.
He's one of the most sought-after master farriers around.
A farrier?
A farrier: a professional who makes horseshoes.
Horses that live with humans
have a rigorous exercise regimen and wear out their hooves,
for this reason horseshoes are fitted to them.
Thus, the horses' hooves do not suffer any more.
The shoes should also be removed periodically...
and cut off the part of the hooves that has grown.
To match the hooves that have been filed off,
new shoes are put on them.
He knows a lot about horses.
He'll put Takeuchi out of work.
No.
It just so happens that I've heard about it before.
The new horseshoe heats the oven and is given the right shape. (Takeuchi)
(Takeuchi) Oh!
All horseshoes have a different shape.
A single horse can wear a different one on each leg.

Oh..., I didn't know that.
Conan, you're doing great!
What, you guys glad you came?
Yeah. He-he-he-he...
(Horse: neighs wildly)
(Horse: hiiiiiiiii)
Mrs. Leap!
Ah, Mr. Ninomiya, Madame Leap has...!
-What happened? -Madame Leap has escaped!
Okay, okay, easy.
Okay, okay... easy, easy...
-Come on, come on, calm down. -It's the first time she's ever done that.
-All right, all right.
Easy, girl, easy, easy.
(Thinking) "Blood?!" (Mare: neighs)
"Don't tell me that...?!"
Conan!
-Mr. Sugiyama! -Sugiyama.
Wrong, he's already dead.
Blood is coming out of his head,
that means... Madame Leap must have screwed up his head.
Oh, Geez, no.
That can't be right.
Anyway, call the police.
Ah, yes, you're right.
Tie Madame Leap up somewhere and await instructions.
Yes, sir.
"Hmm?"
"What's this?"
"A piece of chocolate?"
"I've had a funny feeling in her hind leg for a while."
"How awful! The nails are disastrously placed."
"And the shape of the horseshoe isn't what it should be!"
"Why would he have done something like that, Mr. Sugiyama?"
"But... wait a second, maybe..."
Conan!
Can't you see it's dangerous? I'm sorry...
-Calm down, tranquil-la. -Hiiiiiiii!
Maybe he'll calm down if we give him something to drink.
-Ran, is there any tea left in the thermos? -No, not tea.
Tea for horses is a very strong stimulant.
"Tea is a stimulant?"
"It is possible that this is not an accident."
(Man) No doubt about it.
The mare has given him a kick.
See?
The marks of the kick.
The horseshoe mark is right here.
Anyway, we should check
to see if the mark matches the horseshoe marks on the mare.
Hm?
Excuse me, what is it, your name?
Oh, excuse me.
I'm a detective, I'm, my name...
Kogoro..., Detective Kogoro Mouri.
Eh?
You mean that famous...?
Forgive me for being so abrupt.
But since this is an accident,
I guess your deductions won't be necessary.
I suppose not.
By the way, what are you going to do now, Mrs. Leap?
Ah... Well... well...
-If he's a violent horse, perhaps it would be better to get rid of him.
Like ?!
No way!
It's Sugiyama's fault!
-He deserved to die! -Sanae!
Does this mean that you detested Mr. Sugiyama?
What do you mean by this that he deserved death?
Uh, Mr. Mouri..., let me explain it to you.
It all... happened when I went out shopping in the afternoon.
Eh?
This sports car... isn't it Mr. Sugiyama's car?
Look, it's with in...!
(Ninomiya) "In Sugiyama had met with Mr. Mochizuki,
"who intends to buy this ranch."
The Okusu... has already run out of foals to breed again.
Oh..., that's good to know, and I hope he fails again.
I'm sure he'll go bankrupt this time.
-You plan to do the new thing? -Yes.
I'm counting on you, Sugiyama.
(laughs)
In Sugiyama was betraying for money Mr. Okusu,
the very person who saved him.
In Sugiyama he has arrived
before we could say anything to poor Mr. Okusu....
Thus, Sugiyama-san, following the orders of Mochizuki-san,
has done his best so that the mare does not get pregnant
and the ranch goes bankrupt.
That's right.
Raising horses costs a fortune.
And if a horse... is incapable of bearing offspring,
that's already a big loss.
This means that Madame Leap has found herself embroiled
in the middle of a despicable dispute between humans.
It is terrible.
Yes, and I wonder if the horse has not taken revenge.
In this case, it would be like humans who do these dreadful things.
This horse looks sad, but it has some bona fide eyes.
Hey!
You stay out of this, kid!
Ouch!
I didn't mean to...
Conan!
Eh... I'm sorry.
That's all right.
Eh?
Your pants are wet.
Ah, it's just that I was cleaning the stables and I spilled water on myself.
Sorry, I've wet you?
No, no, no, no... It's all right.
(Ambulance: siren)
I'm sure that this case will be classified as an accident
and filed.
Thank you very much, officer.

Mr. Policeman, shouldn't you take the horseshoe as a murder weapon?
Mm?
Won't you bring all the evidence to the police station?
Yes..., but...
If we have to remove the horseshoes, I'll do it now.
Back in the day, I used to do this kind of work.
Then I had enough money to pay for a specialist,
so I don't do it anymore.
Put it in this bag.
That's it, I've already taken it off.
All right, we're done.
Good girl, you've been very brave.
Oh, there's blood on the back of this horseshoe, too.
Is that right?
That's right, there's a lot of blood.
There's a lot of blood!
That's strange.
(thinks) "I thought so. I've already figured it all out!"
"I already know who the murderer is and how the crime was committed."
(Kogoro) So much for how strong the horse is.
It is almost impossible for blood to get behind the horseshoe.
There is only one possible answer.
Oh!
Have they smeared blood on the horseshoes?
I would say that what has happened....
Oh, but listen, this is Mrs. Leap's blood.
-Huh? -Huh? -Look at this.
She's driven the nails savagely into the hoof
and touched her blood vessels!
Mr. Sugiyama has done a disastrous job.
No wonder the horse has gone crazy.
Aaaaah... Again...
Father!
Mr. Mouri, what's wrong with you?
(Kogoro voice) No...
It's just that I know who killed Mr. Sugiyama.
But I thought it was an accident.
No, this is murder.
Please, Conan, tell everyone what you know.
(Conan voice) Yes, Kogoro!
This... is what I found before.
I found it in the closed one.
But this is chocolate.
What does it have to do with this case?
(Kogoro voice) If tea is a stimulant for horses,
couldn't chocolate have the same effect on them?
E-exactly!
There is a substance in chocolate called theobromine!
Someone has given chocolate to Madame Leap.
Who could have done such a thing?
Mr. Okusu,
what was that chocolate you offered Conan at the reception?
What is it?
Ah, that one, well... I left it in the office.
If I remember correctly,
after offering it to him, you put it on the couch, right?
Don't tell me that Mr. Okusu used the chocolate...
just because Madame Leap got excited.
How can we know if Madame Leap has eaten chocolate?
A simple urine test will tell us.
Furthermore, if we look for fingerprints on the chocolate,
we can even deduce that she gave it to the horse.
You don't need to do that.
It was me who gave the chocolate to Madame Leap.
Did you?
No.
Why? Why? Why?
Why?! Why?!
Why did you do something like that?!
I understand that you hated Sugiyama,
but how could you think of making the mare kill Sugiyama?!
Don't run so fast, Sanae.
Mrs. Leap is not the one who killed Sugiyama-san.
The person who killed Sugiyama-san is...
who put the wrong horseshoe on his right hind leg.
(All) What?
Sugiyama-san is not the one who put it?
Of course not.
If a professional does a beginner's job like this,
it would make the poor beast and the owner mad,
and he'd be out of a job in no time.
Besides, the blood... on the horseshoe is from Sugiyama.
The killer probably got it from a blow to the back of the head.
on the back of the head with a brand new horseshoe.
"And then, since he hasn't thought of..."
no way to get rid of it,
he put it on Madame Leap in a hurry.
But no matter how much of a hurry she was in,
she'd never do a job as disastrous as this one, would she?
And couldn't it be in Mochizuki, what with in Sugiyama...?
Ooooh!
This is totally unthinkable,
because instead of acting this way,
it would have been much easier for him to leave
and take the evidence away early, to make it look like an accident.
Besides, if he had planned to commit the murder in advance, he could have planned it more carefully,
he could have planned it more carefully.
So... who did it?
As the Sanae said,
Mr. Okusu wouldn't have done such a disastrous job.
But seeing that he wanted to release the horse from suffering early,
it is most likely that he knew beforehand
that there was something abnormal about the shoe.

"He had already figured out what had happened at the crime scene.
"And who the murderer was."
"And he gave the chocolate to the horse to protect the murderer."
"Then he went back to the house and waited for the mare to get excited."
He wanted us, the guests, to feel all the fuss.
One person Mr. Okusu would want to protect
to the point of giving chocolate to his beloved Lady Leap.
The Sanae has been with us all along;
she can't have committed the crime.
This leaves us no choice but for you, Mr. Ninomiya.
Am I right? What are you saying?
No!
It looks like your pants are wet,
but, perhaps we could check...
if they react in the presence of luminol.
"For he's had a hard time,
"To put the bloodstained horseshoe, which was the murder weapon,
"On the horse's hoof."
Getting dirty on a ranch is something that happens day in and day out,
but if it was the victim's blood, he really did want to wipe it off.
I didn't want to kill him..., I really didn't want to kill him..., I really didn't....
but... I-I-I couldn't forgive him.
"I couldn't take it anymore,
"And I pushed him to explain to me what we saw yesterday."
"And then he said he'd kill me."
"He threatened me with a knife
"And with a mocking smile
"He said he would make me see that the horse had caused the accident."
"In Sugiyama he died..."
Even though... I wasn't myself when it happened,
it is a fact that I tried to put the blame on Madame Leap.
This I should know better than anyone else
How despicable it is to lay the blame on a horse.
(Cries)
Mr. Okusu, I am sorry, I... I...
I'm the one who should ask for your forgiveness.
I already knew something... about everything you did in Sugiyama.
I didn't tell you anything because you have a strong sense of justice,
and the problem would have gone out of hand.
I should have explained it to you, and it wouldn't have happened...
I'm really sorry, Ninomiya.
(Cries) No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no...
Mr. Ninomiya, Mr. Okusu...
Everyone should take responsibility for the crimes they commit.
It is as much for the guilty party to make an effort to do so
or that he tries to cover up the crime that has been committed,
this is no solution...
regardless of the motives they may have for committing the crime.
"The price of the child: 10 billion yen..."
"Clown! What is this?"
Mr. Tsubakuro, please leave this drawing with me.
"This means that if I find out where that place is,
"We'll find out where they're keeping the Akio closed."
"But there's a problem."
Ayumi, what happened?
And the next Conan: "The Drawing Kidnapper"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

