Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today, we are waiting for that pair.
A bet between 2 adults takes consistency.
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

-Hey, Miwako. -Mm?
It's embarrassing that a female investigator from the central police station
spends her days loafing around
and eating tangerines in front of the TV.
At least you could let me relax on my day off.
(TV: laughter)
(Sato: laugh)
Have, look-at-you.
(Think) "Here we go again. More pictures of suitors."
Since you have nothing to do, you could look at pictures.
I'm sick of looking at pictures.
At work, I always see scenes full of blood.
(Cries) How can it be that you've become a Cavallot?
Ah.
It's all my fault.
I brought you up too freely.
I wouldn't dare look at your father,
who died in the line of duty and who watches over us from heaven.
(Cries)
Very well.
This one.
But I will only go to see her, is that clear?
Oh, I'm so proud of you, my child!
You have the same tastes as me, with men.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
LOVE STORY CONTINUES AT THE CENTRAL POLICE STATION, (PART 1)
(Sonoko) That Inspector Sato has a date?!
Yes, she does.
By now, she must be all dressed up
to meet that special man.
Oh... Eeeeeh...
Listen: do you know who this man is?
No.
The Miwako doesn't know him either.
She chose the picture of her possible husband at random.
It can't be.
She'll meet a man whose face she doesn't know?
There won't be any problem.
He is a man who has dated a policewoman.
So, he must be very independent and trustworthy.
Well, well...
It's already 10 minutes past the time we had arranged.
A man who has the nerve to keep a woman waiting is worthless.
-I'm leaving. Come on, it's only 10 minutes late.
(Man) Miss Sato.
Sorry to keep you waiting so long.
My name is Isokichi Kamei,
please remember me from now on.
What-what-what does this mean?
And this old man is supposed to be my suitor?
No, woman, no.
He's the butler.
Well, they've proposed this... meeting so suddenly...
The master and mistress are traveling,
so I'll accompany the master... in his place.
The master?
(Boy) Oh, I'm sorry.
It took me quite a while,
choosing some flowers that would be suitable for you, Sato...
Sorry, today I shouldn't call you Sato...
I should rather say Miwako.
You don't mind, do you?
Shi-Shiratori!
Long time no see..., Mother.
Yes, my boy.
What the...?
What's the matter?
What the hell's the matter with you?
You sure picked it out yourself, didn't you?
You're attracted to cops too.
I can tell you're my daughter.
No one in your department knows about the appointment?
The inspector either?
No.
She said she won't agree to go out with that man
and she's very embarrassed, so she wanted to keep it a secret.
Besides, Miwako is very popular, and if it got out....
But... if the man wants to get married...
No problem.
We've planned everything so that he'll be out of there on his legs
when the time is right.
Nobody would marry...
to a woman who ditches a meeting like that
because she has to go cover a case, right?
But who's going to take her away from there?
What a fool you are.
Well, Inspector Takagi will do it.
I'll send him a message on his cell phone: "The Miwako is in danger."
"Lie and say that a criminal act has taken place.
"And that you have to take her away."
She'll make an unprecedented face.
(Think) "Witch."

Maybe he will confess to her how he feels about her.
And why don't we go? But it's far from here.
-Yumi, will you give us a ride? -I can't, even though I'm on duty.
(Car: horn)
Hey! (car: horn)
Hello, girls, what are you doing here?
Professor Araide!
Lucky you!
What's up?
(Shiratori) It's quite an honor.
I'm flattered to think that you've chosen me
out of the pile of candidates you have.
It's just a coincidence.
The photo I took without looking would be your.... aaaaaaaa!
Aw, daughter, you don't need to be so embarrassing.
Well.... I prefer it to be a coincidence.
Your beautiful fingers have gone all the way to my picture
by the grace of God.
I feel like it's fate.
Yes.
That's right.
Splendid, master.
(Thinking) "I can't tell her that I caught her with my toes."
"I wonder if Yumi will carry out what we have planned."
I'll send my slave, so bear with me.
"She has promised me, but I don't know.... Who should it be, this slave?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatxim!
Takagi, are you all right?
I keep sneezing.
-Yes... -(mobile)
Yes, this is Takagi.
(Yumi) "Hello, Takagi, have you read the message?"
The message?
(Woman: call)
- (man) What's up?
- (woman) Looks like a robbery.
A thief.
Let someone catch him!
-Let's go after him, Chiba.
-(man) Yes.
"Hello? Can you feel me, Takagi? Can you hear me? Hey, Takagi!"
Police.
Excuse me, let us through.
Out of the way!
It's over there.
He's getting away from us!
He's gone into the alley.
Quickly, quickly!
-Sir, are you all right? -Have you seen someone with a motorcycle helmet?
Yes...,
he crashed into me
and went to the public toilets in the park.
Ah, Takagi.
There's a helmet, a coat, a bag and gloves.
The man who robbed the supermarket is inside these toilets.
-Police.
You have no escape!
-Get out without doing anything foolish.
(They flush the toilet.)
Hey, may I know what's going on?
May I know what you want, you people?
What-what do you want from us, the police?
-Three and three people? -Eeeh?
These are the 3 people who were in the toilets.
And so?
Could you tell which of these people bumped into you?
I don't know, because my glasses fell on the floor when we collided,
and I didn't see it because my vision was blurred.
The smallest detail will be of great help.
Please tell me what you remember.
Well, the person was quite a bit taller than me.
It was a girl and she was wearing blue-colored clothing, under her coat.
A girl?
Miss Koshimizu is a woman, but the clothes she is wearing are black.
What do you want me to tell you?
That's all I remember!
Ah...
Ep.
Could someone explain to me what's going on here?
If we have nothing to do, do you mind if we leave?
I have commitments to attend to...
Please, just a moment, wait.
You can only leave when we finish questioning the other witnesses.
Okay? (Sonoko) What?
(Sonoko) What? What?
Shi-Shiratori, the Shiratori of Metropolitan Central?
He's the one booked by the heron, with Miss Sato.
The man with whom the inspector met is...
Inspector Shiratori?
Would you like me to leave a message for you?
No, actually we...
We've come on behalf of the family of the two of you
to bring you a very interesting gift.
(All) eeeeh?
We will need a little time to prepare it.
Can you let us have the room on the reserved side?
No problem: it's empty at the moment.
Eh?
Thank you very much, miss.
Please wait here in the meantime.
Sorry to have inconvenienced you.
(thinks) "This little boy is too smart."
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he!
(Mother) Oh, it's delicious, really.
(Butler) We've had our chef come over
because he will cook these traditional dishes,
so he can taste the food we Shiratori eat.
The master has informed us
that Miss Miwako doesn't really like French cuisine...
Are there really foods that you don't like?
Hey, Miwako!
Eh?
Ah, yes.
(Takagi) Ah, excuse me!
Pardon me!
Has anyone seen the robber...
who entered this supermarket a while ago?
Hey, Inspector.

Wouldn't it be easier to ask the supermarket employees?
We have already done so.
They told us that the robber pulled out a knife
and showed a note that said "Give me the money".
It seems unbelievable.
How useless.
Coi, what a mess.
- (girl) Mr. Inspector.
-Yes?
I can tell you who the robber is.
(girl) Eh?
The person wearing the raincoat and the helmet.
Through the glass of the shop window I saw...
that the robber's boss stood out from the crowd;
I thought that this person was probably six feet tall.
(Thinking) "If he were six feet tall, he would be Mr. Zama, the tallest of all three."
"Come to think of it, he was wearing a blue-colored sweater."
When the raincoat opened, I saw something green.
-Wasn't it blue?
-No, it was definitely green.
Could you see if it was a man or a woman?
He was about six feet tall.
Shouldn't it be a man?
- (laughs) It's true. Hey, inspector.
The owner of that coffee shop
claims to have seen the robber up close.
Really? really?
(Man) Yes, I'm sure I saw him.
The one wearing a motorcycle helmet who ran away.
It was when he was putting the sign with the menus outside.
Could you give me the characteristics of this person?
I'm not sure if it was a man or a woman, but he was about 5'10" tall.
And underneath the trench coat he was dressed all in black.
Huh?
H-he said ne-black?
"If he's 5'7" he must be Mr. Kamieda,
"But he was wearing a green sweater..."
"My God, what the hell is going on here?"
Well, I guess we'll have to go out for a while.
Take as long as you want and talk quietly.
There's him in it!
"Come on... Coi de Yumi..."
"When the fuck do you plan to come looking?"
(Shiratori) Aaaah....
I get it.
I guess someone will come to rescue the beautiful princess
from the evil king's clutches, right?
Don't be ridiculous.
What the hell are you talking about?
Okay, here's what we do.
If Inspector Takagi comes looking for you,
I'll stand back like a lord.
But if the chicken shit doesn't show up, you'll be my wife forever.
Eh?
And why, Inspector Takagi?
And why not?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's just a joke.
Just a joke.
I just wanted to make a bit of a nuisance of myself.
- (Sato) Got it. (all) Eeeeeeh?
We'll make a bet.
(All) What?
Hey, hey, Inspector Takagi, what the hell's going on?
The witness statements don't match.
And we have 3 witnesses, total, right?
Yes, they remembered the characteristics of the robber quite well.
"The old man told us it was a woman wearing blue clothes."
"The girl who was looking in the store window.
"She said that the robber was over six feet tall,
"and that she was wearing green clothes."
"And the owner of the coffee shop,
"He was over 5'10" and wearing black clothes."
The 3 witnesses are completely different.
Yes.
They certainly are.
And the truth is, I don't think any of the witnesses are lying.
What do you know.
How about we start questioning the 3 suspects?
-What do you think, Takagi? -Yeah. -Yes. -Yes.
What do you agree?
Are you... sure of what you're saying?
Yes..., yes I am.
If Takagi comes looking for me,
this date will be cancelled and you'll give up.
And if he doesn't show up, I'll marry you.
Instead of saying a specific time, the deadline will be when it gets dark.
"Just a moment. Inspector Sato, are you serious?"
Things have started to get interesting.
But what will happen, if Inspector Takagi doesn't show up?
It could be that the inspector was thinking of the Cinderella story.
After all, Inspector Shiratori is the son of a tycoon?
I thought Sato and Takagi were a good match.
Well, we've already felt how he talked.
Ten to think... the odds are in your favor.
-All right.
So it's okay with you, Sato? -Yes.
I'll keep my word.
(Thinking) "Exactly, exactly, it's in Takagi..."
"I'm sure that he is the slave
"Who according to Yumi will come to pick me up."
"Yes, it must be in Takagi. I'm sure he'll come..."
"I'm sure?"
"Why?"
My name is Yasuo Kamieda.
I'm a teacher at a high school.

I stopped at the toilet on my way to the bookstore around here.
I'm Hiroshi Zama, I have a job... part-time.
I entered the toilets on my way back from rehearsing with the band.
My name is Eiko Koshimizu.
I work in an office.
I was taking a walk and got a stomachache.
That's why I went to the toilet...
I've said what I had to say, I'm leaving.
It's after two o'clock!
Why are you wearing 2 watches?
Can you explain it to us?
My boyfriend is abroad,
so I wear a watch with the time of the country where he is.
It wouldn't be funny to call at an ungodly hour.
(laughs) When I was in high school,
a teacher told me to put on 2 because I was late for class.
(laughs)
Hey, hey.
What's so funny?
Ah, well, it's just that I always tell my students...
to take off their watches when they're in class,
so I thought it was funny...
You tell them to take off their watches?
So that they can concentrate on the lessons and not be aware of the time.
I also made them take the clock out of the classroom.
Mr. Zama, which one is it, this group you mentioned?
I play in a group with some friends from high school...
We do some very theatrical performances.
I, when I play, I'm dressed as a woman...
I get a lot of calls from fans and I'm also quite popular.
Oh, really... really?
Ah, speaking of calls, Yumi called you.
She said to read the message she sent you.
She'll want to go sing karaoke.
This is no time for nonsense!
(Shiratori) Ah, with a supermarket robbery...
No, I just had to ask Inspector Takagi for something...
Inspector Megre, please cheer up for me.
Ei: what's this about a supermarket robbery?
In Takagi had not gone to investigate a case?
After finishing this job,
has been put to work on the case of a supermarket robbery.
It seems that they have already narrowed down the suspects to 3 people,
but the witnesses are totally contradictory.
What do you mean, contradictory?
There is only one suspect, isn't there?
Well, I don't actually know anything.
All right, then I'll talk to Takagi myself... Eh?
It's against the rules for you to call him, my dear!
That would put me at a disadvantage.
Well, I'm sure everything will be fine...
and that Takagi will be coming in at full speed...
as soon as he's stopped the robber.
Or don't you believe in him?
No... It's not that.
But I'll tell you more:
if an inspector leaves a case in the middle of an investigation
and shows up in a place like this,
he could be sanctioned for violating the rules.
If I remember correctly, his salary has already been cut once....
If he dares to come...
although he would be committing a disciplinary offense again,
I'll admit you've got what a real man should have.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
It's gone black, hasn't it?
Oh dear, there's no right, there's nothing we can do...
Xxxxt.
Quiet.
I have to go to the bathroom.
(Zama) Hey, inspector.
How long are you going to keep us locked in this car?!
It's going to get dark.
-Oh, wait a little longer... (mobile)
Hey, Yumi, now I'm tied hand and foot... What do you want?
"Hello, it's me."
"It's Shinichi Kudo." What?
"At Conan he asked me to call you."
"He asked you at Conan?"
Please, Mr. Takagi, check your cell phone...
and take care of the situation you're in.
But the only message I received today is from Yumi....
"The Miwako is in danger."
"Lie and say that a criminal event has happened..."
Eeeeh?
That the Sato has a date?!
"So, I hadn't read the message yet."
"But don't worry. Calm down."
It's still a long time before it gets dark,
and they have met in Haido, the neighboring city.
Until... at sunset?
"Inspector Sato has agreed to the condition
"set by her prospective husband."
If she does not solve the case before it gets dark and it was,
"She will accept her suitor's offer of marriage."
Please give me the details of the case and I will try to help you.
Inspector Takagi? "Aaaaaaaaah."
"Inspector Takagi, I sit down?"
"Eh."
I get it.
The 3 suspects have different characteristics
from the robber the witnesses are talking about?
This is very interesting!
Very... interesting?
But Shinichi...

Is it all right if we go to that coffee shop...
to talk to Mr. Mamehara, the owner?
It's 40 minutes before sunset.
If I don't hurry, the Sato...
The time is getting shorter and shorter.
And if Takagi doesn't make it on time...
you'll give me a kiss as proof that I've won!
(Thinking) "Sure, that was it!"
Well, let's get it over with....
The promise must be kept.
And the next Conan:
"Love story at the central police station continues, (2nd part)"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

