Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
How will the love story end as the evening progresses?
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "Yumi, a co-worker of Inspector Sato,
"told us that she had a date with a suitor she didn't know."
We've planned everything so that she'll get out of there on her legs
when the time is right.
Don't worry.
But who will be in charge of getting her out of there?
Inspector Takagi will do it, who else?
I'll send a message to his cell phone: "The Miwako is in danger".
"Lie and say that a crime has happened and you have to take her away."
She'll make an unprecedented face.
(Thinks) "Witch..."
"And when we arrive at the restaurant all curious..."
(All) What's that?
Shi-Shiratori..., the Shiratori of the metropolitan headquarters?
It's the heron's reserved room, with Miss Sato.
This means that the man you've met is...
Inspector Shiratori?
(People: call)
A thief!
Somebody catch him!
"But in Takagi he was busy
"with the supermarket robbery case,
"and followed the offender to a park toilet."
"There he found 3 suspects."
"Moreover, the witnesses' statements differed from each other.
"And they couldn't find a single suspect."
-Oh, wait a little longer... -(cell phone)
Hello, Yumi, now I'm tied hand and foot and can't....
"Hello, it's me."
"It's Shinichi Kudo."
What?
"At Conan he asked me to call you."
"Asked you at Conan?"
Please examine your cell phone...
and take care of the situation you're in.
But the only message I've received today is from Yumi.
"The Miwako is in danger."
"Lie and say that a criminal event has happened..."
Eeeeeeh?
That Sato has an appointment?
No way!
"So, I hadn't read the message yet."
"But don't worry. Calm down."
"It's still a long time before it gets dark,
"And they've met in Haido, the neighboring city."
Until... until sunset?
"She has agreed to the condition" set by her prospective husband."
"If you do not settle the case before dark and go to look for her," he said,
"She will accept her suitor's offer of marriage."
Please give me all the details of the case and I will try to help you.
Mr. Takagi? "Aaaaaaaah..."
"Inspector Takagi, may I sit down? Eh!"
THE LOVE STORY AT THE CENTRAL POLICE STATION CONTINUES, (2ND PART)
I have 3 suspects we found in the public toilets in the park. (Takagi)
Of these 3, 2 are men.
The first one is named Hiroshi Zama, 21 years old,
and he has a part-time job.
He is 6 feet tall, wearing a blue sweater and has earrings.
The other man is Yasuo Kamieda, 32.
He is a teacher at a preparatory school is 5'7" tall.
He is wearing a green sweater and glasses.
The last suspect is a woman named Eiko Koshimizu.
She is 28 years old and works in an office.
She is 5'6" tall, dressed in black and wearing 2 watches.
When the mugger has entered the supermarket,
"He was wearing a helmet, a trench coat and gloves."
"Then he pulled out a knife and showed a piece of paper that said:
" 'Give me the money in the till."
"We have not yet identified him."
"Without a doubt, the robber has removed the trench coat....
"And has gone into the toilets."
But the problem is
that the witness statements differ from one another.
"The man the robber encountered...
"He says it was a woman and that she was wearing blue."
"The student who was looking at the street through the shop window said.

"That the robber's boss stood out from the crowd,
"that he must therefore be 6'2" and that he was a man."
"He was wearing something green under his trench coat."
"The owner of the coffee shop says
"That the robber passed him on the side."
He said the robber was 5'10" and was wearing black clothes under the trench coat.
Are the descriptions of the 3 suspects
are completely different from that of the robber?
This is getting very interesting.
In... interesting?
Kudo!
First we'll go to this coffee shop
and talk to Mr. Mamehara, the owner.
Eh?
How do you know the owner's name?
"I've met him before."
Hello, inspector, how's everything?
Have you arrested the robber yet?
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, no, come in...
"Have the owner come out to the street. Hurry up!"
Hey.
Where the fuck are you taking me?
We talked inside the cafeteria.
-I'm sorry, come with me... -I'm sorry, come with me... Oh! What-what the hell is wrong with you?
Are those sunglasses you're wearing?
I'm pretty sure the glasses you're wearing are chromatic.
They change color 15 seconds after the sun hits them,
due to exposure to ultraviolet rays.
"Thinking about the properties of this type of glasses, it occurred to me."
Look, I only wear these glasses to show off.
Lately I've been caught up in wearing them for fun.
I had completely neglected myself.
So, you've seen the robber's clothes in a darker color?
due to the change in the color of the glasses.
Oh, maybe so,
but what I'm sure of is that he was 5'10" tall.
But other witnesses have said...
that the robber was at least 5'10".
"Where is it, the store from where the girl saw the robber pass by?"
It's 100 meters from this coffee shop,
in the opposite direction at the supermarket.
Ah, gee.
Then go to where the store is, please.
"The witness has seen the robber sticking out of the crowd."
"This street runs from the mouth of the subway...
"to the bus stop,
"So, depending on the time of day, it can get pretty crowded."
If you encountered an avalanche of people, how would you get through the crowd?
Well, I guess... I'd try to avoid the people as best I could.
"And if I couldn't get through fast enough, what would I do, then?"
I should get out of the middle of the crowd,
"Move to the side and run over the curb."
Got it!
The girl has seen the mugger running over the curb,
so she thought he was over six feet tall.
That's right.
Takagi, we are dealing with a case that is like a puzzle.
"Even though the pieces may seem disjointed and scattered,
"If you look at them from a different angle,
"they will surely fit together perfectly."
Disconnected pieces of differing witnesses are indispensable
"To finish putting the puzzle together."
Boy, does it take time, on Conan.
I'll go see if there's anything wrong with him.
(He thinks) "Maybe he's eaten something that's gone bad."
"Today, for breakfast, I made toast and fried eggs."
"And at noon..."
"I could have sworn this man... I've seen him from another band."
(Woman) So he's not the person you were looking for?
"I think I've seen him somewhere before."
"The only person left is the large man the robber ran into."
According to my deductions,
his testimony is the most decisive of all.
"Hey, Kudo..." Tell me.
Why do you...?
How come, you know so many things?
It's... it's because... Conan!
(thinks) "Gee, no. La Ran!"
Hey, Conan, are you all right?
Takagi, talk to this man again.
Then you can rule out all possibilities...
"And you can find out who the real culprit is."
- (phone cuts out) Huh?
Wait... Kudo, just a moment!
(Phone: tut-tut)
(Thinking) "If I remember correctly,
"The man said he ran into a woman who was wearing blue."
"But Mr. Zama is the only one wearing blue clothes..."
"Ah, yes, her earrings!"
"The witness saw her earrings and thought she was a woman..."
"No, but when they collided, though he must have been wearing a helmet."
"I'm sure he couldn't see her face."
"What made you think it was a woman?"
"It's 40 minutes before sunset."

"I have to hurry up, otherwise the Sato... Eh? The watch..."
"Come to think of it, that person..."
"I get it! So that's what it was!"
"I got it!"
"I know who the robber is!"
It's almost sunset...
Eh?
Ah, yeah, I guess.
Sato...
It's not that I don't trust you, but...
If Takagi doesn't make it in time,
I want you to give me proof that I've won.
A... proof?
You'll kiss me as a pledge of the promise.
(Sato) Eh?
(Sato) Do you want me to give you...
a kiss as a pledge?
Yes.
You don't mind, do you?
Because if Takagi doesn't arrive on time, we'll still get married.
You promised you'd keep your word, didn't you?
Yes, of course I did... Of course I will.
(Thinking) "Come on, hurry up, why are you stalling so much, Takagi?!"
"Hurry up and stop the robber!"
Ah, Takagi... Did you find out anything new?
No.
Nothing at all...
The witness statements are still different.
A woman in blue clothes,
a man in green clothes who's over 6 feet tall,
a person in black clothes who is 5'7"...
This will not help us.
With what we have,
we can't just pin suspicion on one person and arrest them.
Yes... I guess I'll make it in time...
It's not 3:00, though, and we've got plenty of time.
-Can I know what it says, man? -Your watch is broken.
It's already half past five... Eh?
-So it's you, is it?
-Huh?
Ta-Takagi...
The reason the cafe owner said...
that the robber was black is because he was wearing chromatic glasses.
And the girl said he was over 6 feet tall...
because the robber was running along the curb to avoid the crowd.
So, ruling out the witnesses of the black clothes and the 5'10",
if we put the other witnesses together,
we see that the robber must be 5'10" and must be wearing green clothes.
In other words, Mr. Kamieda did it!
B-but the man with whom the robber bumped into said?
that it was a woman and she was wearing blue clothes.
Yes, but I overlooked the fact that the witness was an older man.
Very old indeed.
(Shiratori) Please, look at her, Miwako.
What a beautiful sunset.
It's 20 minutes before the sunset is over.
(Thinking) "Takagi... Takagi..."
"Takagi..."
"Takagiiiiiiiiiiiii!"
I-I got it.
It's for the big man!
Years ago, in Japan, people used to say "blue" to refer to green.
Yes.
Older people usually say "blue"....,
but they can mean anything from green to sky blue.
And then, thinking that Mr. Kamieda is a teacher,
I remembered what he said.
He has devised a system
so that the students are not aware of the time.
"That's why he has to wear the watch on the inside of his wrist,
"so that he is the only one who can see the time."
The grandfather has taken the thief for a woman....
because he wore his watch on the inside of his wrist, not the outside.
Exactly, he probably always wears the watch like that,
because it would be too annoying to have to change its position
every time he has to do a class.
All the witnesses point to him as the mugger
who robbed the supermarket, Mr. Kamieda.
(Shiratori) Less than 10 minutes to go.
I guess I'm going to win the bet, Miwako.
Please don't look so sad.
I won't force you that we're getting married right away,
I'll wait until you're ready to accept me.
I'll wait as long as you want.
Don't want to see me as an enemy.
I will always make you my side.
Shiratori, I...
(Ring)
- "The phone!" - (ring)
Ah, how are you Sato?
It's me at Takagi.
We just arrested the supermarket robber.
I'm very close to where you are, so I don't think it'll be long....
"Then don't dawdle and come and get it right away!"
That it's late and it wants to rain!
"Can I ask you a question, before I come?"
Why did you think of me?
"Why did you believe in me
"When you accepted a bet that could affect your life?"
Because I was sure you would come looking for me.
What's bothering you?
Uh, this... you know... I mean...
"Maybe, you... that you... you know. I thought..."
I thought that I...
"Maybe... you like me."
- (knock) - (woman: call)

(Chiba) The robber has escaped!
Quiet!
Come on, let's go!
What's wrong, Takagi?
But... It's just that...
(Thinking) "I don't have time..."
"Takagi."
Listen to me well.
What do you care more about, the supermarket robber or me?
Takagi, chase after helping us.
What?
Yes.
Are you sure?
If he's going to chase the robber, he won't make it in time.
I'll have to resign myself to thinking that it was my destiny for it to end like this.
It must be a punishment from heaven to involve Takagi in the bet.
But a bet is a bet.
Well, let's get it over with.
The promise must be kept.
16:56.
Suspect arrested.
I-I needed... I needed a lot of money...
to give to a woman who always chases me...
(Cries)
(Crying) Wow.
(crying) Wow.
Right now... I'm far away... from where the Sato is.
Now I won't be able to get there in time either way.
Takagi!
(gasps)
Takagi, you made it.
No, I've... I've let it slip away.
I let go... the person I really wanted to catch, my friend.
(Sato) Hey, what's the problem?
Hurry up and get it over with.
I'm ready.
You're ready?
(Think) "Well, his face says he doesn't want to."
Miwako, don't worry, pretty girl.
Let me hold you for a while and calm you down a bit.
In the end, there will be nothing to separate us anymore.
They'll kiss in the end.
I'll stop them! Wh-what are you saying?!
Mr. Araide.
What's that?
Can you come here for a moment?
Takagi, I'll take him to the police station.
You have to go where it's your turn and be brave.
You're a cop!
An investigator pursues his target to the end.
Understood.
The sun will soon be out.
Have you calmed down?
Yes.
What do you want, Conan?
(Flow) Listen.
(Think) "I hadn't realized...
"That he had become...
"such an important person to me."
Hey, take this!
Hold on, hold on!
"I must be a lousy cop, not realizing it until now."
"I deserve it all to end this way."
"Goodbye..., Takagi."
(Takagi) Inspector Miwako Sato!
Forgive me for showing up on your holiday,
but a case has come up and you should help us.
Ta-Takagi is that you?
(Think) "En Takagi has come!"
"Now came the most interesting thing."
Takagi?
What's that?
Where is it, in Takagi?
Where is he, in Takagi?
Conan!
It's just that... Inspector Takagi, well...
Inspector Takagi went running down the hallway
and said he'll be right back.
But what's wrong with him?
Ah, Miwako.
Ah... Miss!
That Mr. Ushikubo is dead?
(Thinking) "How?"
"He has blood on the tip of his finger."
"Also, it looks like he touched something."
"What the hell has he done, that person?"
And the next Conan: "The Chained Poem of Matsue, (Part 1)"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto....
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

