Destiny is a clue to deductions.
It is a light that sheds light on mysterious cases.
Today we solve the mystery of Matsue.
The poem is full of secrets!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Something 's just not right!
Nani o motometeru no
uso ni narete yuku Kyou mo fake your eyes.
The start of century!
Tashika na mono nakute
Hitori ya nakenai yowasa hate myself.
Shinjiteru Itami hikikae ni
Kono Mune umetsukushite ima utsutte iru.
Futari ga eranda michi kuru!
I think it 's only my destiny!
Hateshinai yami no mukou ni
dare mo Shiru koto no nai Ashita ga aru!
Oh, yeah!
You're going nowhere, It 's only destiny!
Ari no mama ni susunde ima
kanjite iru...
You're in my heart!
You're in my heart!

(Off) "We took a trip to the Matsue hot springs,
"in Shimane Prefecture,
"And there we met a group of 5 people
"who had come to compose chain poems."
"The next day, they found one of their members murdered,
"Mr. Gozo Ushikubo, on the grounds of Matsue Castle."
"It looked like his index finger was pointing at something,
"And we had to find out what his message was."
"Surely one of them 4 was the murderer."
"And the chain poetry session was going to reveal it to us."
THE CHAIN POEM Matsue, (PART TWO)
(Reiko) Well, we begin our poetry session.
We will do a 14-line chained poem.
And to make it easier for Mr. Mouri,
we'll construct it as if it were a pun.
With the last syllable of the previous line we will start the next line.
Like a pun?
Yes, if you follow a few rules, you will see how you can get away with it.
We will start by making a stanza of 5, 7 and 5 syllables,
which will be followed by another one of 7 and 7 syllables,
and then we will add a stanza of 5, 7 and 5, and so on.
You must add 2 stanzas before your.
This is called uchikoshi.
Then you must include the four seasons in one of the verses.
In the middle, a verse referring to the moon and 3 love verses.
The thirteenth verse will be about the moon
and the concluding verse will be about the spring that brings a happy ending.
-(Think) "Go ahead and good sort." -Yes, sure...
(Think) "Kogoro, you mean you'll be able to get out?"
(Laughs) Come on, let's start and try to do it all.
First, the stanza that opens the chain poem.
Shiina's says:
"Also the gods gather to look at the deer's window."
Yanagizawa's is:
"Rogada devotee, raise your paws, for with the tortoise."
That of the Mizuki is:
"Soft and sweet, where the sun shines the maple leaves dance."
And that of the Ushikubo is:
"Zenit of autumn, I live in fullness, nothing worries me."
All are good poems,
but since this session is dedicated to Ushikubo,
we will choose his to head the chain poem.
-Yes. -Yes.
Who wants to continue with the waki?
Eh?
Excuse me, but what is it, a waki?
It is the second stanza.
Like the heading, it has a reference to the season we're in.
I'll give it a try.
"Nothing is felt around me, only the falling chestnut."
Caram.
You've captured the heading with great wit.
Why don't you do the following, Yagisawa?
Okay.
Hey..., I don't know if he'll know how to get out, the father.
"He'll be as coarse as a pair of esparto panties..."
I'm done.
"Moonlight, under you in Dracula comes to verse."
How interesting,
introducing an extreme character as in Dracula gives it freshness.
But... are poems of this type allowed?
Yes.
With the third stanza you can let loose.
Let your imagination run wild.
From... let fly... Caram.
Mizuki, it's your turn now.
Okay.
"Made to look like it's made here, made in Japan."
You should use "verses" instead of "verse".
It's okay if there's one syllable too many.
Keep trying.
Understood.
-Wow... -(Reiko) Mr. Mouri.
Aaaaaaaah... Yes.
Don't you want to try it, you?
You can start with "bread" or "bread".
Eh...
Okay, I'll give it a try.
I... I got it.
"There will be panic, when the great detective finds the murderer."
-Oh! -(whistle of admiration)
Well, so what do you think?
It seems that great detective and Dracula are part of the same universe.

So this will lead us to the uchikoshi or second poem.
(Sighs of relief)
All right, now it's my turn.
"However, God is the only one who knows our future."
Congratulations, Dr. Ando.
You have very subtly challenged the detective.
"You mean the case won't be easy to solve?"
Very well, then I'll do the next one.
Tur... Tur, tur, tur...
That's it.
"Torment girl, half monkey half human is her face."
Isn't that funny?
The key is the seventh syllable, a chica.
"What does it mean?"
Listen Yagisawa, he's got that.
I just found it at the front desk.
What a mess.
I must have dropped it again.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
(Kogoro) I get it...
You all know a nest!
-Mr. Mouri, how are you doing? -Well, actually, not very well, so far. -Well, actually not very well, so far.
(Thinking) "There are 3 stanzas left to go."
"We have to do something soon."
Miss Mizuki, you said you wrote the poem...
while looking at the maple leaves
on the grounds of the samurai residences.
Why is that?
Yes...
That it's strange.
I've been to the exact spot you said, but I haven't seen any maple leaves.
Is this true, Conan? Hmm.
Well, I must have seen maple leaves somewhere else...
-Elsewhere? -Where was this?
Uh..., no...
"The Mizuki is the murderer?"
"If it's not her, how come she's lying like this?"
"This verse? Could it be this?"
"This means the Mizuki is doing it for him."
"But what does it mean, the message from the deceased?"
"Sure! So it means this!"
"But... how come he's done something like this?"
"Sure. I've got it. It's this!"
Mr. Mouri has given you instructions for me?
Yes, don't tell Inspector Yasugi and have him investigate something.
Understood.
I'll do it!
"If my deductions are correct,
"That person is the murderer!"
I've got it!
What do you mean by this, Mouri?
I know what the late Mr. Ushikubo's message was.
He wasn't pointing at the bamboo,
he was pointing to... something beyond the bamboo.
Something beyond the bamboo?
Beyond the bushes of the promenade and beyond the Horikawa.
It is the place where the samurai residence is located,
where Miss Mizuki composed her poem.
This means that the murderer... is you..., Miss Mizuki!
It's not true!
Hey, Miss Mizuki!
The tenth line is a love line, isn't it?
The one about unrequited love.
And, Mr. Yagisawa, it's the song you played with the leaf yesterday.
Ah, yes, that's right.
Ah, now I understand everything!
Mizuki's unrequited love is in Yagisawa!
That's why last night, she... What happened, last night?
Mr. Ushikubo spoke cruelly to Mr. Yagisawa,
and meanwhile, Miss Mizuki was looking at them worriedly.
Hey, wait a minute.
Are you saying that...?
Of course I am!
Now I get it!
You're...
You're covering for Mr. Yagisawa!
What do you mean by that, Mr. Mouri?
That she was worried
about what happened between Mr. Ushikubo and Mr. Yagisawa,
so she changed her plans and went to Matsue Castle to see Mr. Ushikubo
to see Mr. Ushikubo.
But there, she saw...
It's not true!
I didn't see what you think!
-I only saw... Oh! What did you see?
Mizuki...
Mizuki, I think you'd better tell them the truth.
Is that explainable? I agree with her.
I'm sorry if it sounded a little insolent,
but if you really love this person,
if he's someone you really care about...
I...
I had planned to go to Gessho Temple, not Matsu Castle.
But I was worried about Yagisawa....
But when I was on my way,
that bus going to the castle passed by,
and then... I saw that I had gotten on at Yagisawa.
I went straight to Matsue Castle.
"But when I got to the promenade....,
"The Ushikubo was already dead."
"And where I pointed my fingertip I found..."
Afterwards, I returned to the ordinary samurai residence...
and sat down to calm down a bit.
And when it was time to leave, I went back to the hotel.
Hey, wait a second.
It's true that I went to the castle.
But I didn't kill him and I wasn't on the promenade.

-What part of the castle did he go to? -To the temple of Shiroyama Inari.
It's where there's a pile of fox statues, isn't it?
It was the place where he had arranged to meet the Ushikubo.
Half an hour after arriving,
I received a message from the Ushikubo.
It said, "Come to Inari Temple of Matsue Castle right now."
I arrived at 5 past 10.
I waited for about 15 minutes, but he didn't show up.
"I tried to call him, but he didn't answer."
"There was nothing more I could do."
So I went back to Gessho's temple
and composed the poem about the turtle.
How come his eye drops were at the scene of the crime?
I don't know... But I'm telling you the truth, inspector.
If you don't believe me, check the Ushikubo's cell phone records.
We've already checked it.
But there was no record of the message and no record of the call.
That's impossible!
What about his spare phone?
Mr. Ushikubo said he had an extra one.
We examined his personal belongings,
but there was only one phone.
Mr. Yagisawa, you stole Mr. Ushikubo's cell phone...
and sent the message yourself,
am I right?
No, that's not true!
Inspector Yasugi!
We've found the murder weapon.
We found it in the lotus flower pond at Gessho Temple.
There was a watchman's truncheon wrapped in this raincoat,
and the blood matches the victim's.
Also, on the raincoat...
is written "Yagisawa".
This makes it clear.
This is impossible!
Let's go.
You'll explain everything when we get to the police station.
Inspector, it wasn't me.
You're making a big mistake.
Yagisawa!
(Crying)
My goodness, how it's over, our poetry session.
Now we can conclude today's session...
Good idea.
I would like to contribute a stanza.
The next one was going to start with "faz"?
I've already finished.
"You make chocolate candy, give-me, make via."
No, no, no.
This is not a chain poem.
It isn't.
You have associated chocolate with the path of ants.
It's a very interesting poem, being from a child.
The next one should be the poem of a flower.
Do it, Shiina.
Come on, make a stanza beginning with "if".
Make a beautiful poem.
Molt bien, I'll do it.
I've got it:
"If one day I'll go with her to the flower temple, God knows."
What do you think?
Eh?
Oysters.
It's weird...
It's the verse that Mr. Mouri composed a while ago, you see?
Look.
Eh?
Father, when did you write it, the verse?
Well, I, uh...
Aaaah!
Matsue... Tamatsukuri...
Father?
(Kogoro voice) Ran, the truth is that I didn't write it, this verse.
The one who wrote it is Mr. Tomonaga,
the man we met at the front desk, the gentleman from the finance company.
Mr. Ushikubo wrote it down on his notepad.
Mr. Shiina,
you were convinced that he had come up with it, weren't you?
He was such a cruel man
that you couldn't admit he had written a beautiful poem.
That's why he tore it out of his notebook... after murdering you.
Your poems hid secret messages, didn't they?
The seventh syllable of the seventh line, the ninth syllable of the ninth line...
and the eleventh syllable of the eleventh line.
The challenge you threw at me said:
"I am the killer."
You've sneaked messages into your verses
mocking me and the police.
You must have had a great time.
Considering your personality,
the conditions were perfect.
It occurred to me that you would use the poem
that you have stolen from Mr. Ushikubo
and I got it right.
Because it is the kind of poem you like.
My favorite poems are the ones with feeling.
Like how a father feels about his daughter.
Once Mr. Yagisawa was brought in as a suspect,
the conditions that were given were perfect.
The thirteenth verse would speak of flowers,
so I composed the previous verse to set the stage for it.
That's why you told Conan to say the twelfth?
That's right.
And just as I had imagined, he used Mr. Ushikubo's poem.
Because I was sure it was out.
(laughs) The hidden message to the poems was just a joke.
And what's the problem with that verse?

Mr. Ushikubo showed it to me yesterday.
-Besides, I have an alibi.
-An alibi?
That's right.
I just remembered that at 5 past 10 I saw a maid
returning to a mother a child who was lost in the art museum.
Ah, that.
She may have placed a video camera underneath the bushes
and then viewed the footage.
On Conan he has found the marks of having set up a tripod.
"When he went to the museum this morning,
"He did it to place the camera under the bushes."
"Then he sent the message to Mr. Yagisawa...
"With Mr. Uoshikubo's spare cell phone, which he had stolen."
Then he went to Matsue Castle and killed Mr. Ushikubo.
Then he put the eye drops near Mr. Ushikubo's finger,
he went to the temple of Gessho
to get rid of the raincoat and the murder weapon,
and went back to the museum to get the camera.
And he left for the hotel.
It's a very interesting story.
Sorry to disappoint you, but... I have the proof that proves it.
The message that Mr. Ushikubo left for us
at the time of his death.
This message was not pointing to the bamboo.
It was marking the number one.
And what does this mean?
Ran, as it was said, the first stanza of the chain poems?
Eh?
So "hokku"?
Inspector, give us the results of the lab tests.
Yes.
Sir, these are Mr. Shiina's boots.
On the toe of the left boot, i.e. the "hokku,"
we found a bloody print
that matches Mr. Ushikibo's index finger.
In his message he told us to look at his boots carefully.
He was so busy with that notepad...
that you didn't even realize he was touching it.
I give up, Mr. Mouri.
You're right, I killed him.
But... what made you suspect me?
The first thing I found strange
was last night's draw.
Normally, whoever draws the lot is the last one to choose,
but you were second.
By age, I should be next.
Let's see...
You organized the draw
so that Mr. Ushikubo would be in a spot
where it would be easy to kill him.
And you, a place far away from there, so you could have a good alibi.
Ah... you are very clever!
It's understandable that you are the best detective in the country.
So, your motive for murdering him is what?
I couldn't forgive him for cheating us out of money!
But that didn't give you the right to sentence him to death.
Yes..., I know that.
I know it very well.
I know that the only thing that can judge him is God.
I suppose that the god of Izumo has taken you... to show me.
Why do you think that the thief chose this humble temple?
Even if he had opened the offering box..,
he would have taken almost nothing out, wouldn't he?
What happened?
(He thinks) "No, it can't be! Wait!"
"There's a reason why he had to choose that place."
And the next Conan: "A Strange Punishment from Heaven"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto....
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

