What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
The idea of Ayumi interprets the message.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "We went to see Paul and Annie's animal show,
"And there we helped out at James Black's,
"A foreigner we had mistaken for someone else."
"Then in James went to get his car
"To take us to a restaurant
"And suddenly disappeared
"Leaving behind his blood-stained key ring."
THE MAN WHO CAME FROM CHICAGO, (PART TWO)
P... P and A, you say?
Hm... what do you mean?
This tape was on the floor.
I'm sure it's a clue for us to find out who the kidnappers are.
Look at this.
There's blood on top of the letters P and A!
Well, let's take it one step at a time.
First we'll take this to the police station and check if it's blood.
Tomorrow we'll stop by, okay?
Hey, wait!
If only we knew what he meant, with the P and the A.
Maybe he meant to put them together to say "bread".
Maybe he meant to refer to a store.
Such as a bakery, a bread oven.
No... I honestly don't think that's where it's going.
If he really wanted to put the P and the A together,
I would have smudged the P and the A of Paul.
Hm... P and A..., P and A...
"Pink" for Pink and "aka" for red.
Professional wrestling and access.
Laptop...
Gun and assassin.
Oops.
That's it!
Maybe I meant to say "parking"!
P and A for parking.
Ah... a parking lot!
Yes, but we don't know what parking he's talking about, exactly.
Wait for him to finish,
maybe he was trying to tell us that he's left us a clue
just in the parking lot where his car is parked.
Yes, I've already examined the parking lot, but I haven't found anything.
Oh, really?
(Thinking) "Gee.... I can't make out anything..."
"We'll have no choice but to ask around the neighborhood.
"Assuming they're still for the area."
We'll split up and canvass the neighborhood
to see if anyone has seen 2 men taking a foreigner.
If we find out anything,
we'll get in touch with the transmitters, all right?
(At the same time) Yes!
-Ayumi, you got something? -Huh?
I can't find my transmitter.
I think I've lost it.
But what do you say, now?
Maybe it fell out of your pocket.
I don't understand, I had it in here when I showed it to James... Oh, Sherlock Holmes!
Oh, Sherlock Holmes!
Sure, surely James must still have my transmitter.
-Eh?
-Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
Then maybe we can find out his position...
from the signal emitted by the transmitter.
I've got them!
They're 10 miles from here, heading north northeast.
They're moving north on the highway following the Tsutsumi Mutsu River.
They're probably in a car.
-They are... in a car?
-To the Ikumi highway?
To the north?
(Think) "Now that we have this information..."
What?
But do you know what you're asking me?
That I set up a checkpoint on the Ikumi Highway
on the border with Saitama Prefecture?
I can't ask them to cut off a highway
by giving them so little information.
But if they don't, they're going to kill the foreigner they kidnapped.
Ah, uh... but anyway... Eh?
Conan, is that you?
I'm Sato.
There's an accident in that same area
and Yumi is there directing traffic.
I can ask her to take a look at the suspicious cars.
Height, 5'8"...
An American born in England,
50s or 60s, mustache and glasses...
Let's find the car where they're keeping it.
Roger that.
I've got it.
I'll tell him to stop the car.
Huh?
That the kidnappers might be armed?
Yeah, yeah, uh... Yes.
Don't worry about it.
Takagi and I will be right over.
Eh?
What do you mean?
Me too?
(Sato) Don't make that face!
We have nothing to do tonight.

And the things he handles in Conan are very interesting.
Let's go?
Very well.
We will also go.
Dr. Agasa, are we going by car?
After all, we're the only ones we can identify on James.
Very well. We understand.
Understood.
Don't you find something odd?
Two men have driven James here through that alley over there
and put her in another car.
This means she had to cut off her finger...
to leave the message with the blood on it while she was walking through the alley, right?
(Shinichi voice) Yes..., I suppose so.
Those men must have threatened him with a pistol
and he must have put the blood on when they weren't there because of what he was doing.
Or maybe...he went with them voluntarily
even though he knew they didn't have good intentions
and left us the message.
Hey, what are you trying to tell me?
I have the feeling that something... is calling me.
Aren't you exaggerating a bit, maybe?
I guess you're right.
Oooh!
Gee, did you see him, did you see him?
Did you see the man driving that car?
No..., he was going too fast.
Anyway...
(whistle blows)
(Whistle blows)
(Thinks) "A foreigner... a foreigner, right?"
"Let's see... No..."
"A foreigner... A foreigner..."
"Let's see... Let's see..."
Hey.
I'm sorry.
-Yes? -Yes? -Would you mind, uh, letting us through? -You mind?
We should get this one to the scene before it gets dark.
How's this?
You're working on a case?
Yes...
It's a guy who's been making quite a racket at his mistress's house.
-No problem.
Passeu: Thank you very much.
(Thinking) "Where was he going?"
"A foreigner... a foreigner..."
What?
You haven't seen them?!
-Are you sure? They told you it's a foreigner?
That's right.
But I haven't seen any, around here, guys.
Conan, what could have happened?
Find out where the car is right now.
It's five miles from here, but my batteries are low.
"I don't understand."
"How could they have done it, to get through this blocked road?"
If James has one of our transmitters,
we should ask him where it is.
No way.
The hijackers will sense that we're trying to make contact.
What we need to do is find out what P and A stand for.
Maybe he meant where the kidnappers were headed.
"Desserts" and "rice"!
They were going to a restaurant.
It could also be "permanent" and "afro"
to refer to a beauty salon.
Enough!
You can't take it seriously?!
How about this?
A pelican and a seal from the zoo.
James is very fond of animals.
If he'd wanted to say Zoo, he'd have smudged the word "animal"
that's in the title "animal show".
"Sure! He meant this!"
Well done, Ayumi!
(All) eeeeh?
I've already figured it out.
I finally know where they have in James.
Eeeeh?
That the kidnappers... are in a police car?
No, this can't be.
Really, I'm sure!
If we don't chase them and catch them before dark we'll lose them.
Yumi.
What happened?
Did you find the kidnappers you told us about in Conan?
Where are they, the kidnappers?
He just told me that they were in a police car...
What?
A police car?
Yes.
The message James left us was the letters P and A.
Evidently, it's in a police car.
How do P and A refer to a police car?
Take the symbol that stands for "and",
lletreja'l in English and put it between the P and the A.
Let's see... if we put P and A...
-P-A-N-D-A.-P-A-N-D-A.
Sure, a panda.
Of course, a panda.
A police car is black and white like a panda.
Exactly, it's like a panda bear.
I get it.
-Conan, you're very clever. -Huh?
Hum...
I understand what you mean.
In Japan, many policemen call police cars "pandas",
but wasn't the victim an American born in England?
I find it hard to believe that a foreigner would know police jargon.
Also, it doesn't necessarily have to be a police car,
maybe it's a rounded white car with black rims.
In fact, to a foreigner, such a car would look more like a panda.
No, James Black grew up in London,

that's why he relates pandas to patrol cars.
English police cars had been black and white.
In 1965, the Lancaster police department?
was the first to paint their cars black and white,
and gave them the nickname Panda.
The nickname caught on with the people
and the English ended up naming the police cars "pandas".
I don't think a younger generation knew that,
but James is of a generation
that would associate a patrol car with a panda.
Pulling this way we're on the right track, Sato.
(Think) "While we're at it, what generation are you from?"
Gee, I let a police car go without doing any checking!
But... I don't think there were any foreigners inside...
And the officers in the car?
Weren't they suspicious?
Let's see... There were two officers,
the suspect was the back seat between them
and his head was covered with a blanket... Aaaaaaaaaaah!
(At the same time) It was... it was them!
How easy.
Everything is going as planned.
We'll be deep into the Gunma Mountains by nightfall.
You're a genius.
Your plan was perfect.
We can't let our guard down.
Didn't it seem strange to you?
The police were supposed to direct traffic, but they watched the cars.
Don't tell me the police have already spotted us!
That would be so fucked up.
Now don't shake me with fear.
We have a hostage.
You've got to keep your gun on this guy
in case anything happens.
If they set up another roadblock...
We'll jump it by force, right?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Takagi) Sato, wait, we'll get into trouble...
We're in the jurisdiction of Saitama Prefecture.
We've already asked the police here
to set up a roadblock...
We have no reason to follow them.
Takagi, isn't there something bothering you?
Yumi has examined that police car once.
They must have figured out by now that they've been discovered
and they'll want to use their hostage as a shield
and force their way through the checkpoint.
And if the foreigner hasn't said anything to Yumi,
it means the kidnappers must be armed.
Wait-wait a minute.
If they're carrying guns and see the roadblock,
they'll start shooting indiscriminately...
and cause panic in the city!
That's why I'm trying to come up with a plan
with which we can surround the hijackers and be able to catch them.
(Think) "But at least we need a miracle."
(Transmitter) "No, I'm sure there's a way."
Conan!
The transmitter from the detective league?
"Excuse me. I've put it in your car when you weren't looking."
Where do I pay, now? "We're behind you."
"About 500 meters from the kidnappers' car."
And what do you plan to do?
"I have a good plan. Do you want us to implement it?"
"The only drawback is..."
it'll only work if you add a bunch of agents to our group.
My God, what the hell is wrong with me?
I don't know what I'm doing.
I have to pay more attention.
(Acoustic signal: beep-beep)
(Radio: Sato) "Yumi? You're following me?"
Yes, I'm following you.
I'm sorry, I made a mistake by letting them escape.
"Yumi, are you the one in charge of organizing the party.
"From our police station with the Saitama police?"
Eh?
Yes, I'm in charge of organizing it.
Coi, another red light!
Don't be impatient.
Just drive normally and we won't attract anyone's attention.
We'll be safe when it's completely dark...
(Police cars: sirens)
Damn it, it's the police!
They must be following us.
(Police cars: sirens) Come on.
Afanyat't.
We'll use the hostage and run away.
Yes.
Help us!
Help us!
Eh?
W-but what's going on?
-Mr. Policeman! Please help us!
Help us!
Listen carefully.
I'm Takagi from Metropolitan Central.
Please help us catch that kidnapper.
Freeze, don't make a move.
We'll go after him and then take a detour to an exit.
"They've fallen into the trap."
How's it going?
Is it working?
Yeah, yeah, everything's fine.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Don't worry about anything.
Get ready, it will soon be time to take a detour.
Hey, why are you going so slow?
The kidnappers will get away from us!

If you can't turn left, turn right.
B-but we... we have another one, on the right!
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Then we'll go back.
Brake, and when we're behind...
I don't like this.
Another car is following us.
What, what's going on?
Look at this.
The police have us completely surrounded!
Damn it!
(thinks) "You're very clever."
"Or maybe I should call you Holmes."
Damn cops, we've been set up.
We shouldn't care about this.
We have a hostage and we'll make use of it.
"He's got no skin in the game."
"When the commander gives the order, all the cars stop at the same time."
(Cars: brake)
"The hijackers will not yet have had time to recover...
"And they will have already stopped them."
"Your method has been a bit rudimentary,
"but it worked perfectly."
"Really, you're very clever."
(Yumi) Thank you very much.
You have helped us a lot.
It was a very easy job.
By the way, what about the next party?
(Yumi) Soon.
All the beautiful people from the head office will come.
No, uh, this... Just that the Sato came... me too...
(Men) Yes, yes...
What am I surprised about?
Yumi.
Do you know where he is, James Black, the man who was kidnapped?
Do you?
It was just here a moment ago.
Where ten...?
I knew there was something wrong with that man.
He disappeared before the police questioned him.
There's something fishy going on.
(Shinichi's voice) He seemed like a very nice man to me...
The only thing that's strange to me is his name.
Mm?
His name?
You mean because of "Black"?
No... The name, James.
Is that right?
There's James Bond, James Dean...
It's a name that gives me good vibes.
Professor James Moriarty... Eh?
Professor Moriarty, the Napoleon of the criminal world...
and also the eternal enemy of Sherlock Holmes.
James is his first name.
Only a Sherlock Holmes fan would be able to think like that.
After all, James is a pretty common name.
Yeah, I guess.
"There's something else that worries me more."
"The man who looked at us from that car."
"He was one of the passengers on the bus that was hijacked."
"When the police questioned him, he said his name was Shuichi Akai."
"Why is there this blood, here?"
(He thinks) "He's done it again. And this time he's awake!"
"Was that it? Unbelievable!"
And the next Conan: "The Restaurant of Tremors"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

