What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
The mystery of the armor is solved.
There's a sad story behind it.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "We were going to a spa where there were hot springs,
"But because of the snowfall they closed the road leading to the hot springs...
"And we spent the night at the Daimon's house."
"The next morning, they found Genichiro Daimon, the owner, dead."
"And later, we found his eldest son, in Kazuki.
"in the music room with his armor on.
"Dead under strange circumstances."
THE TERRIFYING LEGEND OF THE NIGHT OF THE SNOWFALL, (PART TWO)
The wound is the same as the one we found on Mr. Genichiro,
a single entry with a sharp object.
It must have been caused by this katana.
I knew it, I knew it would happen.
It is the curse of Hidetomo.
This armor has awakened Hidetomo's spirit
to punish my husband for all his dishonest business.
And it has also wanted to punish en Kazuki, the heir of the family.
He has put the armor on Kazuki
to show us that this is his curse.
Hmm.
I can't prove whether this was a curse or not....,
but those footprints are real.
"The ones from the annex house to the big house are those of the hero."
This means that...
You think the hero in the armor did it?
I'm going to call the police.
I'd like everyone to wait in the living room
until the police arrive, please.
I'll go make some coffee.
(Thinking) "Come on, here's my chance."
Don't even think about it.
You'll screw up the father.
Ah, but...
Hatsuho.
Now we've come to help you.
We'll be waiting for you.
Please hurry.
The police is not immediate, because of the snow.
I understand.
Yoshiro, now you are the only one who can protect this family.
But, mother...
(Yoshiro) I wonder who has murdered the father and Kazuki.
"What is it, this stain?"
"Blood? From the crime scene?"
"No..."
(Kogoro) We have only one possibility left:
Mr. Kazuki killed Mr. Genichiro
and went back to the music room, where he committed suicide.
-Why should he do that? -He had a good reason to do it, didn't he?
In Kazuki criticized the father's methods and they were always fighting.
He probably lost control.
This reminds me of the legend of the armor commander.
And what do you have to say, you ?
Yoshiro, you've come back to settle things with the father.
We could say the same about you.
Maybe what you wanted to become a guitar player was a comedy
and what you wanted was to become the president of Daimon Industries.
If the father and Kazuki were out of the way,
you were guaranteed your position, right?
This doesn't make any sense.
How would he have gotten to the annex house?
There are no tracks leading from the main house.
The same could be said for Kazuki.
There are only tracks from the annex house to the main house.
It's the curse.
The warrior's armor walked
from the annex house to the main house,
I saw it.
-Mother, it would be a dream.
-No ma'am, I was not dreaming.
I saw it with my own eyes.
"The huge figure of the warrior in his armor walked..."
under the moonlight.
Excuse me, madam, did you see if the warrior was carrying a katana?
Uh... Let me think...
I think he wasn't carrying it.
Or maybe... he was carrying it in his right hand.
Aaaaaaaah...
Please...
What a stupid question.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he.
"There are two problems:
"How did Mr. Genichiro's killer do it to himself?
"To get to the annex house without leaving any footprints,
"And why he then went to the music room."
"Sure, I got it!"
Oops, I don't understand what you're talking about.
I'm going to play with the snow.
No way!

You will stay here.
What the hell are you thinking about, at a time like this?
AAAAAAAAA, ay, AAAA! Stop it!
Ah!
AAAI!
How many times do I have to tell you to stop pacing all over the place ?!
"Fantastic."
Look, Kogoro, my footprints have disappeared.
What should I do?
What? You're just talking nonsense.
You're just talking nonsense.
Eeeeh?
Wait, maybe that's it.
"Now it's mine."
"The door was locked from the inside."
"The walls are thick like the walls of any music room."
"There are no spaces around the door
"that would allow performance from the outside."
"The music chain was turned off
"And the wound on the body is the same as Mr. Genichiro's."
"They were to be killed with the same katana."
"But how come the katana was on the floor, near the door?"
"The sheath is with the body."
"He threw it at Kazuki after stabbing himself?"
"No, that's impossible."
"And here is a mark with a little blood on it."
But on the flawed tip, of blood..."
"I've got it! I know how they closed the door."
"I knew it, it's not splattered with blood."
"But who...?"
"Eh? What's this?"
"Ah! He's barefoot?"
"Wait a second, the murderer has also removed his socks!"
"If the killer didn't want to put them on Kazuki,
"Why did he take them off, first of all?"
"The murderer used them for something else?"
"And in this case, why?"
"Sure, I get it!"
"And if I'm right, they must be hidden somewhere."
Listen to me everyone, I've finally solved the mystery.
Eh?
You mean the footprints that only go in one direction?
That's right.
From what I gather, last night...
"In Kazuki went to the annex house...
"Wearing sandals or similar footwear...
"And murdered his father."
"After doing so, he put on his armor...
"And made his way to the main house very carefully...
"Stepping in his footsteps."
"As he was wearing armor that made it heavier,
"The previous footprints were erased
"And the only ones that have remained..."
are the ones leading from the annex house to the main house.
I'll follow.
He went back to the music room.
But he felt guilty, shut down...
and then committed suicide by plunging the katana into his neck.
It's-it's impossible... He wouldn't do it, something like that.
(Cries)
(Thinks) "I know everything."
"Now I have to look for what's hidden somewhere."
"What's this?"
"Oh. So, that's what it was all about."
"Mi'-te, they're here. I've found it."
"As I had imagined."
"These murders have been committed
"Using the legend of the curse of Hidetomo!"
Mr. Mouri, I don't believe that he committed suicide.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but it's the truth.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) I've said just the thing that would make the murderer let his guard down.
- (all) Eh?
-What do you mean?
This is only part of my theory.
As I have already explained,
Mr. Genichiro's murderer went back to the main house.
erasing his first footprints.
Anyone could have done it,
taken from Mr. Kazuki and Mrs. Tatsuki, who saw the warrior.
What do you mean, "anyone"?
You mean to tell us that in Kazuki did not kill the father?
That's right.
His older brother did not murder his father.
And he did not commit suicide either.
If we look at Mr. Genichiro's wound,
we can assume that blood splashed on the killer.
But Kazuki's clothes under the armor are spotless.
No blood stain.
After killing Genichiro,
the killer went to the music room and killed on Kazuki.
How did he do it?
Remember the katana was on the floor in the music room?
"We have looked at it only as the murder weapon."
But this weapon is not only the weapon of crime,
but it was also used for something else.
They used it to close the music room.
(All) Eh?
After murdering Kazuki, the murderer put on the armor...
"And stuck the katana into the wall on the side of the door."
"Then he took the hilt of the weapon...
"And placed it on top of the door handle,
"so that it was in contact with the pin."

"Then he carefully left the room,
"making sure the katana didn't fall as he slowly closed the door,
"and the hilt of the weapon moved the latch."
Thus he already had as a result a room locked from the inside.
To open such a firm door, you have to throw it to the floor by force.
"The vibrations of the door when destrossàvem it.
"Have made the katana fall on the floor,
"That's why the killer assumed that the set-up would never be discovered."
Surely this is what the killer had planned.
What could make a person act like this?
Before answering this question,
think about why this happened
on the anniversary of Hidetomo's death.
The killer has used the legend to maximum advantage.
The killer created the illusion of a scenario
with footprints that only went in one direction,
so that we would believe
that the warrior was the only one capable of committing the murder.
And we all assumed that Kazuki murdered his father and then committed suicide.
and then committed suicide.
And to complete this illusion,
the murderer made Mrs. Tatsuki, who believes in the legend,
to see the warrior walk.
"Everyone in this family knows that every year,
"On the day of the anniversary of Hidetomo's death,
"She prays to the shrine at 12 o'clock at night."
But the murderer made a mistake,
and it was there that he inadvertently left us a clue.
Madam, last night, when you saw the warrior,
he wasn't carrying a katana, was he?
No, he wasn't carrying one.
But I think he did, I think he had it on him;
but from his position,
Mrs. Tatsuki didn't see that he was holding it in his right hand.
This means that the killer is probably left-handed.
No..., I didn't do it.
How can you say he is left-handed, if he was holding the katana in his right hand?
A left-handed person has to carry the sheath in the right hand
to be able to draw the katana with the left hand.
That's true, but...
But you, Yoshiro, are not the killer.
Ladies and gentlemen, here is another left-handed person...
Hatsuho Hojo.
It's you!
Hatsuho, you're left-handed too, aren't you?
"Just now, you served us coffee with your left hand."
Yes, that's true.
But you have to have special knowledge to handle a katana!
I had no reason to murder Mr. Daimon or his son.
Ran, can you go to Hatsuho's room...
and take a picture she has in a dresser drawer?
Yes...
While we're waiting for Ran to return, I'll tell you something.
Hatsuho, when you looked through the window of the annex house,
you said that Mr. Genichiro was dead, right?
Mr. Daimon is dead!
Master Daimon is dead in his room!
Think about it very carefully.
When you saw through the window that he was on the floor,
how could you tell if he was dead or if he had simply fainted?
I just got so nervous when I saw her on the floor that....
(Door, open)
Ah, Ran, you're back.
Put the photograph where everyone can see it.
Let's see, Yoshiro, do you recognize the people in the photograph?
It looks like... Hatsuho... and her father.
Mm?
That's him!
It's the man from the newspaper article!
The one who committed suicide.
That's right.
She had a good motive for murdering them both.
Hatsuho, I assure you...
that the tranquilizers in the cafe...
"from Mr. Kazuki would have taken effect.
"And then you go to the annex house through the back door."
"Surely, when you called him,
"Mr. Genichiro opened the door for you automatically."
"After you killed him, you put on the armor...
"And you're going to walk home in your footsteps."
"A path designed so that you couldn't be seen...
"Neither from Yoshiro's or Kayoko's rooms...
"Nor from ours."
It was visible from Mrs. Tatsuki's room and from you.
When you went to the annex house,
you had to cover yourself with a white sheet so as not to stand out in the snow.
"After committing the murder,
"You hurried to put the sheet away in the closet of the annex house."
I saw that it stood out.
It's not true..., it's all your imagination.
Yes, my father is the man who committed suicide.

And yes, I changed my name so that no one would recognize me.
But this does not prove that I murdered those men!
I have proof.
It's inside the traditional kitchen stove.
You found it in Conan.
Inside the countertop, there were blood-stained clothes and white socks.
It doesn't mean that I put it on!
It must have been someone who wanted to set me up!
After the murders, anyone could have left them there.
Unfortunately for you, you're the only person who could have done it.
"The socks left by Mrs. Tatsuki in front of the armor.
"They disappeared from the annex house, but they were not on the victim's body."
"If the murderer didn't want to put them on Mr. Kazuki,
"Why did he have to hide them inside the stove?"
Hatsuho, you hurt your left foot, didn't you?
It looks like you didn't get a good enough bandage.
From what I see, you started to bleed a while ago.
When you were pouring the coffee,
I saw that you had a spot on your socks
that was starting to run through your soles.
"When you were about to kill Mr. Genichiro in the annex house, you stumbled and got hit,
"You tripped and broke your glass."
"You accidentally stepped on the glass crystals and cut yourself."
"You knew that if you put on the warrior's footwear you would get blood on it.
"So you put on the socks that Mrs. Tatsuki had left behind.
"And the shoes on top of them."
And then you hid the socks on the counter and the piece of clothing.
Did you think that if you incense at midnight you might arouse suspicion,
so you decided to wait until daylight to burn the evidence.
But when you went to prepare the coffee, the Ran has accompanied you,
and you missed the opportunity to do so.
Yes, you are right.
I killed them both.
Why did you do it?
Why did you do it?
You've always been very kind to me.
Father, the factory manager, was an old-fashioned man...
He believed that helping others was more important than making money.
He took over the orders from Daimon Industries.
But one day..., because of an insignificant mistake,
Daimon Industries stopped relying on our services,
and my father's company went bankrupt.
Daimon Industries had financial problems,
but saved itself by sacrificing my father's company.
And to add insult to injury,
Mr. Genichiro took my father's armor,
an heirloom of our family, to pay off debts.
Just when the father had decided to sell it
to pay the salaries of his employees...
He found himself unable to do anything for them;
he couldn't even use the family heirloom to help anyone.
The father killed himself because he blamed himself for what happened.
I was working in Tokyo,
but last year I changed my name
and I came to work here as a maid to avenge the father.
I wanted to carry out my revenge
on the day of the anniversary of his death.
Hatsuho...,
do you think your father is happy that you avenged his death?
Do you think he'd be sorry for what you've done?
Hatsuho...,
it was not Hidetomo's spirit, which put on that armor.
Your heart wore an armor, a cold armor...
called... vengeance.
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda he.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

