What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
Today we have the second part of a special to Naniwa.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiiiii!
DOUBLE MYSTERY IN OSAKA:
The swordsmen of Naníwa AND THE CASTLE OF Taiko, (PART TWO)
The problem is who and how they have done it to move the body.
-We already know how to do it.
En-Eh?
One of my men has questioned a boy who was at the gate
and told him that a strange person had come out of the annexe
with mask, armor and a bag with a suit of armor.
(Think) "With mask, armor and a bag...?"
Of course!
The assasssí has put the body into the armor bag!
Sir: when did that guy in the armor come out of the building?
After they left the annex building
the 3 people who were found in Taruma.
Whoever carried the body could not have been any of the 3 people who came out.
Yes...
Surely when they found it in Taruma, although it was hidden in the warehouse.
Somehow, they found the body earlier than he imagined,
so he moved it.
Hey, Mr. Ootaki, in Heiji didn't you come here?
Yes, it was here for a little while, but he left right away.
(Heiji) It's no use.
Even if you do this maneuver,
it won't look like you died in Tarumá in this warehouse....,
Kotegawa.
That's right, you killed in Taruma but you didn't do it here.
You did it in the locker room.
In the locker room by the pool.
When Omotani and Doguchi came out after finding the body,
you told him to go to the locker room by the pool and you came back.
And you killed him.
You fool... It was a coincidence that we all came out of the warehouse.
And even though I came back, he couldn't tell me anything.
No, it wasn't a coincidence.
Telling the Omotani to go to the police station to get the police,
I assure you that there will be no one left here.
Doguchi's character would make him go and explain it to Hakamada,
and, moreover, the blood makes him anguish.
He would go say directly, without daring to touch the body.
You had given en Tarumá a sleeping pill mixed with sake,
and you had covered his body with red paint
because it looked like he was dead.
That way, no one would suspect that he was still very much alive.
In the darkness of this warehouse, they would take the paint for blood.
If someone had come out of the building filled with red paint,
someone outside would have seen it.
Yes, it's true.
They have seen a strange person wearing a mask and carrying a suit of armor.
Now you don't mean to tell me that this one who came out was in Tarumá?
If in that state I did not understand anything,
how do you want him to have gone to the locker room making that line?
Because the thing changed if you showed him this.
When he was drunk as a skunk, he would understand.
(Inspector) He said he would kill?
In Tarumá he always told them that he would kill him?
Yes.
The members of the club have told us...
that in Tarumá he felt a deep hatred for Hakamada.
This means we have another line of investigation.
That Hakamada could have wanted to take revenge on en Tarumá.
(He thinks) "No, it's not that."
"Maybe the murderer used Tarumá's feelings."
Yes..., when you went back to the warehouse alone,
you put the katana in her hand and woke her up,
you showed her the doll with the armor
that you had previously hidden inside the plinth...
and you gave her a scandal telling her what the hell she had done.
In Tarumá I had no affection for Hakamada,
and besides, even though he was drunk.
He didn't realize that he was a first-aid doll
that you had dressed in a suit of armor
and that he was wearing the nameplate of en Hakamada.
And en Tarumá, seeing that his uniform was splattered....

so it was figured that it was Hakamada's blood,
it was thought that he had died.
You probably told him, before the police arrived, to run away with the mask on so no one would recognize him,
to flee with his mask on so that no one would recognize him.
and to hide in the locker room by the pool.
And while he was at it, to change his clothes, which were stained, and to take the body armor with him.
and to take the armor, also stained, to the bag and the katana.
You had already hidden in the storeroom
a bag with clothes to change into and another suit of armor.
So it would seem that it was a person
who covered his face with a mask and was carrying a body.
Then you made a shortcut to get to the locker room before him,
"You waited for her and this time you really killed her."
"You washed the paint off with the water from the shower,
"You put the armour and the mask on the bag and..."
you went to look for the Omotani at the police station
after hiding the bag.
It was then, wasn't it?
You must have wiped off the blood with the towel you were carrying.
You thought that by taking the dummy that you had prepared inside the plinth with you
and soiling the gymnastic apparatus with the blood on the towel,
you would make believe that Tarumá had died here!
The fact that you have this bloody towel
is indisputable proof that you killed her.
If you know so many things, you must also know the motive of death.
Yes.
I called her university and checked it out.
Last year, a kid who had just joined your club...
lost consciousness during a training session and died.
On the phone I was told it was an accident, but the truth is...
Yes.
While we were doing the training with which we welcome the new members,
in Tarumá he made the line.
And there was in Hakamada, the only one who could stop him.
In Tarumá he said that he had done it,
but that those of us who were there and the manager were also guilty,
and that if it was discovered we would all pay for it.
So, now that he had found a job,
you thought that if he opened his mouth, it would be counterproductive.
and you decided to shut him up.
It seems you haven't found out everything.
There is something you have missed, as far as your prey is concerned.
The display that was to be made today is being made by two people.
When I went to the iai master's waiting room to steal his katana.
to steal his katana, because I couldn't take my...
What?
A strange man called and told me to go to the locker room!
Is this true? Yes.
He showed up and saw that the body had been moved.
"If the killer deliberately told them where the body was,
"It's because he didn't want them snooping around the storeroom."
"That is, there was something there that they shouldn't find."
Kazuha: Where is it, the gym warehouse?
In the annex building next to the sports palace.
Porta-me.
Hold on.
Conan: Where are you going now?
Donkey.
If you kill me in this place, you won't be able to fool anyone anymore.
Don't worry.
The police will think it's the same killer as before,
and they think it's impossible for me to have loaded the body.
They will never suspect that I killed you.
Iaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You're no match for me.
What?
Hattori?
Don't tell me you're that high school student...
who beat only those strong people from the police?
And now you realize?
Too late, sir...
...little pity!
Eh?
Hello, has he arrived yet?
Heiji!
Please, Mr. Ootaki, take care of everything else.
You can count.
Heiji, put some effort into the fight.
That's right.
You have to make the fight!
We can't just stand here.
Hey, are you all right?
Oh, no... Our fight's already over.
Well, what can we do.
We lost the fight, but I won the duel.
Didn't you?
What?
If it takes too long, the match at Heiji's.
The food is great.
Yes.
It's wonderful.
It sure is.
Mother is the best cook in the world.
Mm?
What's wrong with her now, this one?
She fell asleep while we were having dinner?
And what did you want?
She's been running around all day looking for you everywhere.
She had to solve that murder case.
You really have a very worthy son, Inspector.
He solved the case faster than lightning.
No, don't believe it.

My boy's deductions are like games based on his intuition.
He's not up to his level yet.
(He thinks) "What do you mean? That I am below in Kudo?"
But, Heizo, your son is kneaded to you when you were little.
It's scary to think how it will be in the future.
Ep, Tooyama.
Now don't drink alcohol to me.
You're going by car, aren't you?
Don't worry, I'm going to have you join me at home.
What do you want to talk about?
You asked me to give you a ride because you wanted to tell me something, didn't you?
Yes, I wanted to talk to you about Heiji and my daughter.
How do you see their relationship?
Kazuha has turned 17
and when she goes to college she will be 20.
I'd rather have her taken away by your naughty girl...
than some bastard from who knows where.
Tooyama, are you serious about this?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You'll never change, you can't take a joke.
(Think) "It was just a joke?"
Remember that Osaka Castle case from 13 years ago?
The one with the unidentified burned corpse
we found in the castle moat?
That victim had this hidden near his chest.
Ah, yes...
They didn't know if this fragment was a piece of fish or who knows what.
We didn't get anything.
(Heizo) It's possible that what we talked about wasn't so unreal.
Another fragment has appeared.
There was a similar fragment,
with a burned body, which has appeared in the east pit.
I asked them to do an analysis
and, undoubtedly, they did it on the same date as the other one.
In addition, the fragment they found this time,
there are some numbers on the outside: 848.
Just as we had deduced 13 years ago,
it is possible that... although it is sleeping somewhere.
Yes, the incalculable treasure...
that... left by that extraordinary person.
(Kazuha) This circular building is the Osaka-jo pavilion.
Behind it, that set of skyscrapers...
make up the Osaka Business Center.
Then, there is a building that from here you can only see the shadow.
The building of the most important television network there is.
And this, the symbol of this city, the Osaka Castle!
Isn't Osaka a fantastic place?
That's the same sentence I told them when they came here last time.
Also, before you show them what Osaka looks like from the heights, you should show them what the city looks like from the heights,
you should show them what the city looks like on the ground.
But the festivals are already over,
and the only thing they could visit worth visiting was the castle.
So, according to you, what place should I take us to visit?
I would take you to the Osaka Metropolitan Police Station,
which is in front of Osaka Castle,
and I would show you from head to toe.
And I would take you to see a building that will be finished in a few days.
Bobo.
You're the only one who would have fun, looking at these things.
(Thinking) "I'd like to go."
But the Osaka castle is more beautiful in nature
than in pictures and videos.
Isn't it?
Since it was renovated, it's radiant!
Since the main tower was rebuilt, 60 years have passed...
70 years ago.
Taiko was the first to build the castle, 1599.
The Tokugawa rebuilt it in 1629,
and in 1931, in accordance with the will of the citizens of Osaka,
rebuilt the main tower for the third time,
and it was a real renaissance.
Sopla, you know a lot about the castle.
Of course I do.
Hideyoshi Toyotomi - Taiko - is the great master in my heart.
Yes, but the sweater has a rather curious pin on it.
It's the three-leaf emblem of the Tokugawa family.
Ah, that.
Hello, Mr. Ieyasu, what are you doing here?
-Sir, we've been expecting you. Oh, sorry, Mr. Mitsuhide.
-Ieyasu? -Mitsuhide?
Sir?
Sure, for 8 days follow the path of Taiko Hideyoshi.
Yes.
That's the name we gave on our journey.
Those of us who participated are Hideyoshi's admirers.
We met on the internet,
and we have toured the sites linked to Hideyoshi Toyotomi's memories,
from Nagoya to Kyoto.
What do they mean, the names by which they have been called and this pin?
Ah, this is kind of like a game.
Every morning we draw lots to see what role everyone plays,
and once it's decided, the corresponding pin is put on.

We have the emblems of Nobunaga, Hideyoshi,
Ieyasu's and also Mitsuhide's.
Throughout the day, these people call them this way....
and play the role of the historical character.
What makes Nobunaga must have everyone at his service.
They must be for him, buy him drinks.....
Vaja.
Vaja.
(Woman) But, in return for that...
Nobunaga must invite Hideyoshi and Ieyasu to dinner.
Right?
That's right, Shadow.
There is also a shadow?
That's right.
The person who runs out of emblem plays the shadow.
He goes unnoticed and laughs as he looks at others.
But what he does as Mitsuhide is pitiful.
No one is for him and dinner must be paid for.
But Mitsuhide's role has a unique privilege:
On that day, he can become Nobunaga for 3 minutes.
His 3 days of glory become 3 minutes.
How silly.
-Well, I think it's fun, don't you?
Ah, did you get in here?
Since I couldn't see you anywhere, I thought I'd go and look for you.
Oh, I'm sorry we were inconsiderate to you.
Here's the oolong tea you wanted, General.
And some postcards of Osaka Castle for you.
Ah, thank you.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
(thinks) "What a peasant Nobunaga."
But it's rather strange.
The Hideyoshi thing is missing.
Now that I realize, he wasn't with you?
He was with us until a moment ago.
His cell phone started ringing and he went all nervous.
-And do you know where he went?
-No.
He said he didn't love us and he said he'd be happy without him.
He must have gone to eat alone.
Ah!
Let this bunch of crazy people be.
Yes, we will also go to eat.
(Think) "At last. At last it will be my..."
"Thirteen years ago I had given up,
"But that dazzling light will finally be in my hands."
(sinister laughter)
You're such an ass.
We are back in the castle.
We won't get any more out of it.
What have you done with the wallet?
You've made me so nervous telling me to hurry,
I must have dropped it.
-How much money did you have in it? -How much? -5,000 yen.
Then let it go.
It'll be dark soon.
I don't want to.
There was an important amulet.
-There's no need to cry either.
-Huh? -Yeah?
I'm not crying.
Is it raining?
Well, it doesn't look like it's going to extend too soon.
Ah, I'm carrying an umbrella.
-We're sorry. -What do we do now?
Maybe he left it in this souvenir store, the wallet.
Earlier you bought a single-use camera in it.
Yes, it could be.
Hi, we'll go and ask.
What a stick.
We agreed.
I'll look for it at that address.
-I've already looked that way. -Can we help you?
Ah, thank you.
It's just that we couldn't find the fellow who plays Hideyoshi.
It wasn't in Osaka castle, nor in the stores, nor in the toilets.
-We didn't find him there. Where the hell did he go?
(Explosion)
-What's the matter?
-What is this?
- (man: call) - (man) What's wrong?!
There's a man burning!
(Man: call)
Mr. Mouri, an ambulance, hurry up!
What's happened?
What happened to you, up there?
No... bu... na... ga...
No... bu... na.... ga...
Hey, hang in there.
Don't die!
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda he.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

