What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
Today we have the fourth part of a special to Naniwa.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiiiii!
DOUBLE MYSTERY IN OSAKA:
The swordsmen of Naníwa AND THE CASTLE OF Taiko, (PART FOUR)
Heiji, I don't know why you're talking about an assassin.
-This is supposed to be a suïcidi. Well, look at that, please.
Look under the right arm.
As it floated, they've softened a bit,
but there are 2 or 3 very strange signs.
-Yes, it's true!
There are 3 strange marks of the same size!
This must not be blood?
-Yes, they must be blood stains. Blood stains?
Indeed...
The cause of death is head trauma.
You said it's likely that he had a blow...
"But if someone had inflicted this injury on him
"By striking him with a blunt object,
blood would have splashed out and his clothes would have been stained.
When the Kazuha has seen the Katagiri on the bridge,
she would already be dead from the blow she received,
and the aggressor himself must have set fire to it.
But since she saw it falling, she thinks it was a suicide.
Yes, but when she ignited, it seemed to us that she was in pain.
Yes, it's true.
That was not a dead person.
It must have looked like that to you.
You must not have seen it very well.
It could be, but...
Anyway, the suspects are that group of the thematic trip.
We should go find the three men who took part and talk to him.
(Kasuya) You mean us, maybe?
As promised, we have returned.
What is it, this commotion?
There's even more commotion than before.
What happened?
(Kasuya) What?
It can't be.
The Katagiri set fire and jumped off the bridge?
-Did Gokuraku jump off the bridge?
-Yes, she did.
Why did she commit suicide by burning herself?
We are not sure if it is suicide.
That's why we have to ask them some questions.
They should tell us what they have done
from the time you left the castle until you came back here.
I went to dinner at a restaurant not far from here.
Me too, but to another restaurant.
I went to change my clothes.
It was at the Shichikura Hotel, which is where we stayed.
In this case, you were with Mrs. Katagiri?
Yes, until we arrived at the hotel.
If I had known this would happen, I would have stayed with her.
But how come they both burned to death?
It's as if someone ordered them to do it that way.
Ordered?
Hey, mister... Wakasaka,
during this shift you were playing the role of Nobunaga, weren't you?
Yes.
So, everyone had to follow the orders you gave them.
In Fukushima I could also play Nobunaga for 3 minutes.
What?
I have nothing to do with it, because I played Ieyasu.
So, either of you 2 can be the author.
The role of Nobunaga has been played by all of us at one time or another,
and none of us have given absurd orders.
No one would ask someone to set himself on fire.
Besides, Katagiri played the shadow, just watching the others.
Now that 2 of us have died,
how do you want us to continue the journey quietly?
Yes, of course, that's true.
Inspector Ootaki.
We found another shard of pottery like that one
in Mrs. Katagiri's shelter.
What should you do, that everyone has a piece of this pottery?
We also found this photograph.
Eh?
These young men on the right are Kato and Mrs. Katagiri, right?
That's right.
It looks like they already knew each other from long ago.
Who should they be, the other 3 people in the photo?
Ah, this is Mr. Hirano.
See?
It's this man.
That's right... He looks quite young, but it looks like it's him.
Who is... this Mr. Hirano?
The person who proposed this trip to us.

The 5 of us met on Mr. Hirano's website,
and we thought we could do this trip together.
He gave us the idea of how to plan it.
But unfortunately he had to leave and has not been able to come.
I understand,
whoever planned this killer trip didn't come in person.
But didn't they say that Katagiri had committed suicide?
Eh, yes... But we still don't know.
If the killer has used the trip to commit a series of murders,
first of all... you should talk to Mr. Hirano.
If you look up the website The Legendary Gold King,
you will be able to get in touch.
(Shinichi voice) It's this person.
This is the person that Ran has seen from the back
when the Katagiri has turned into a fireball.
I don't believe in suicide either, but there is something I don't understand.
He may have asked Katagiri to go to the bridge,
kill her with a blunt blow
and then tying a string to her body and pulling it taut,
he may have caused the body to fall off the bridge.
But the fire has been lit at too opportune a time,
and I don't know if it could have made it look like it was falling.
I also lose sleep over the strange bloodstains on the Katagiri's arm.
I'm sure they were caused by
by the remnants left on the killer's zipper.
But none of them are wearing clothes with zippers.
I don't think the murderer would have changed his clothes expressly
just because he had to go to the bridge where he had a date with her.
There is one.
There is a special garment that does have a zipper.
The problem is that he has used this set-up.
Yes, any one of them 3 people could have carried it out.
Hey, Heiji, we're going home.
The wind is starting to blow really hard.
Aaaaah!
The umbrella!
Hey, Hattori, what do you think?
We could...
Yeah, we seem to have made a mistake from top to bottom.
Gee, the umbrella's a rag.
Looks like this store sells poor quality junk.
Hey, Heiji, what have you got?
I see you've taken Conan.
I'm sure you know who the murderer is.
What's that?
It's just that Heiji had that glowing expression on his face.
He wasn't supposed to have gone that far.
Where the hell did he go?
It's no use.
There was only one of them in the hotel.
The other two haven't come back yet.
Maybe they are planning another murder.
Investigating the murdered with attention,
and examining the blood stains,
it can be concluded that they are murders committed with a set-up.
Therefore, if they want to eliminate evidence, they must do it tonight.
Where did he go?
I've already found him.
It's in Kasuya.
I don't think he's taking the right direction to go back to the hotel.
He probably wants to get rid of the evidence.
We have to tell the police.
No.
If the police come and stir up the henhouse, he can get away from us.
We're the only ones who can get our heads straight.
We'll take the real perpetrator of these crimes.
Hey, Hattori!
Wait, Hattori!
That man has entered a warehouse.
He looks suspicious.
Hattori, don't you notice anything strange?
Don't you have the feeling that we're being watched?
Come on, what are you doing?
Come, let's go in.
It's so dark that I can't see anything.
(Flow) Xt!
It's there. It seems to be heading upwards.
Kudo, keep the anesthetic darts ready, just in case.
Yes.
(flowing) Very good.
Hey, Kudo, what happened to you?
Are you in the washroom?
(Thinking) "Wrong. If I let him walk away, I'll lose sight of him."
Hey, Kudo, when you're done follow me, okay?
(Off) "While sightseeing at Osaka Castle.
"With Hattori acting as our guide,
"we encountered Hideyoshi's admirers traveling in a group."
"One of these people, Mr. Kato, was burned....
"And fell from the roof of the main tower of the castle."
"To the scroll this man was holding there was the ideogram of 'dragon.
"And a kind of drawing that looked like a pumpkin."
"That was the symbol of Hideyoshi, the Gold King."
"Before a conclusion could be drawn as to whether it was a suicide," he said,
"A second incident took place."
"The Katagiri set herself on fire and threw herself off the bridge,
"and finally met his death."
"We saw some strange blood stains on Katagiri's clothes...
"And so we came to the conclusion that it was murder."

"So, we followed Mr. Kasuya,
"who led us to a suspicious warehouse."
(Flow) Xt!
It's there.
Looks like it's heading up.
Kudo, have the anesthetic darts ready, just in case.
Yes.
(Flow) Very good.
Hey, Kudo, what happened to you?
Are you in the washroom?
(Thinking) "Wrong. If I let him walk away, I'll lose sight of him."
Hey, Kudo, when you're done follow me, okay?
Ah, sorry to keep you waiting, Wakasaka.
That's all right.
Listen: where is it, that?
It's over there, inside the box at the bottom.
Oh, really?
There's a lot of stuff,
but it's so dark I can't make them out.
Use the flashlight, then.
That way you'll be able to see better.
Ah, this one.
If you use the incense, you'll be able to find right away...
the tiger scroll you were looking for.
(Heiji) Don't light it.
If you light it, it will end up in ashes.
Just like Kato when he climbed the main tower.
Isn't that right, Mr. Wakasaka?
So, the Katagiri and Kato were your doing?
Yes, that's right.
In Wakasaka he killed these 2 people.
Just as he got you to take the bait...
by telling him that he had the tiger scroll.
In Mr. Kato's case it was quite simple.
"Only that I told him that the dragon scroll was hidden
"On the roof of the castle, I had it all done."
To someone who had to go out on the roof, he would do it at night.
"I had no choice but to wait until night."
He went up on the roof,
"But since he had no light, he didn't know where to look."
"So he took the lighter
"And when he looked around, he found a lantern."
"The lantern that he had placed in Wakasaka...
"and which exploded when he wanted to light it."
"It was an incendiary lantern prepared for the occasion."
I get it.
Kato saw the lantern,
a more practical object than the lighter,
and wanted to light it without thinking about where it came from.
-Thus, what they would find later on the roof,
instead of a shattered lantern,
would be a lighter with Mr. Kato's fingerprints on it.
and it would look like he had committed suicide.
The fan-shaped mark left on the roof is irrefutable proof that he had committed suicide.
is irrefutable proof of what I am saying.
The lighter would not have left that mark
unless it had left it where there had been another object previously,
and the burnt lantern has fallen near the castle.
And how did he kill the Katagiri?
"The testimony given by those girls,
"When Katagiri set fire there was no one around her."
"Then she began to writhe in pain and fell down."
But she had the lighter in her hand.
Whichever way you look at it, it was suicide.
Yes, that's what it would have looked like.
Since the one who set himself on fire and threw himself out is Mr. Wakasaka....
"It's obvious that he killed her."
How-how do you say?
As we were all on the side of the main tower,
Wakasaka quoted the Katagiri on that bridge,
"After the Katagiri had changed her clothes."
"He then hit her with a blunt object,
"and threw her into the moat from the bridge."
"Then he poured a flammable liquid that he had prepared,
"on top of the Katagiri, which was floating in the water."
"Then he waited for someone to pass by the bridge to set fire to his coat,
"and threw the lighter into the moat to light the Katagiri's body."
"Then he threw himself over the bridge and plunged into the water."
"So, no matter how much the witness looked down,
"He would only see the floating Katagiri's body as it burned."
Even if they ruled that the cause of Katagiri's death was head trauma.
was blunt trauma to the head,
for witnesses to testify that the victim had set herself on fire,
would lead one to believe that she had died stinging headfirst into a ledge.
Yes.
It was lucky that those girls happened to be on the bridge.
Otherwise, the approximate time of death would have been too different...
from the time they would have found the victim.
No, in Wakasaka he had a person come to act as a witness.
But the Kazuha arrived before him,
and when he saw her, he fled in haste.

Don't tell me that this person is...
It's in Fukushima.
He said he didn't know anything about what had happened.
But just from feeling that the Katagiri had fallen engulfed in flames,
he said he committed suicide by burning himself.
No one who sets himself on fire to kill himself would think of jumping into the water,
because it would put out the flames.
It is normal to think that someone on fire would jump into the water to put out the fire.
to put out the fire.
That he set himself on fire and jumped into the moat proves my point.
So, all he had to do was call and warp his voice...
to impersonate a policeman and tell him to go to the castle.
But it's quite strange.
In Wakasaka, his hair and clothes would have been soaked.
On the other hand, he could have been badly burned.
In Wakasaka he wore a diving suit under his coat and over his clothes.
and over his clothes.
"It was put on him before he caught fire," she said,
"And neither his clothes nor his hair got wet."
"He's dived into the moat, he's climbed away from the bridge,
"He climbed up the walls,
"He has hidden his diving suit and his coat.
"And blended in with the crowd."
I'm sure that during the trip... he has had a date with both
with both Mr. Kato and Mrs. Katagiri..,
...to bait the bait so he could act when the time came.
We saw that there were blood stains on the Katagiri's coat;
so the coat you were wearing must also have been stained.
The stains that will have been left after holding her in your arms.
And on her coat there is the mark left by the zipper of your diving suit
of her diving suit and the pin she wears.
If we examine the pin she is now wearing with Nobunaga's emblem on it, we will have definite proof against you,
we will have definite proof against you.
Why have you killed them all 2 and....
And not only the two of them.
You also murdered Mr. Hirano.
"A moment ago, an acquaintance wanted to access your page,
"And the diary that is normally updated every day,
"It's been the same for 3 weeks."
The burned body they found in the pit would be his body.
Yes, that's right...
I have murdered Mr. Hirano, in Kato and Katagiri...
to avenge Grandfather Masakiyo's death,
who had a great affection for Hideyoshi.
-They assassinated him. -Your grandfather?
You remember the picture from before, don't you?
The older man in the middle opening the scroll is my grandfather.
Grandpa talked to me a lot.
He told me about when he found the scroll
and he told me that things were said about Hideyoshi's treasure.
"He had already decided to give up the treasure hunt.
"And give that scroll to the national heritage,
"But the fellows he had started with were against it."
"This was, 13 years ago."
"Then Grandfather went to Osaka to convince his companions...
"And he never came back..."
Don't tell me that the body they found burned 13 years ago was his?
Yes, his classmates murdered him.
Grandfather found those fragments along with the tiger scroll,
but he didn't say anything to his companions.
The only clue his companions had
was the photograph that my poor grandfather was carrying...
and it was very difficult for them to find him.
But I didn't imagine that one of them would change his face.
So, the person who appears to the left of your grandfather is...
It's me.
I had a strong reason to change my face.
In fact, the Katagiri had already sensed something.
That you want to kill me, I understand.
But what do you want?
To silence Mr. Wakasaka?
He won't know where the treasure is.
I'll be able to find out as soon as he looks at the tiger roll.
Having Wakasaka's address, I can go look for it at his house.
Come on, stand back, both of you.
You will light the lantern that is there on the ground
and you will both fall down.
The murderer and the young detective have fallen
and have killed each other... engulfed in flames.
But before all this, tell me one thing, boy.
How did you know the killer was in Wakasaka?
The set-up you described could have been carried out by anyone.
How did you come to this conclusion?
I don't have to explain anything to you.
Pel umbrella!
The fact of taking the umbrella at the moment of death,
is Kato's way of referring to the golden umbrella,
one of the emblematic elements of Nobunaga.
That's why we have known that the assassin was the one playing Nobunaga.
Demon of a creature!

Where did you come from?
Come down right now!
If you don't, I'll leave your friend a sieve.
No, don't come down! What are you...
Donkey!
Hm... I see you're a very obedient boy.
Y-you're in Heizo Hattori?
F-father.
Even though he's changed the way he looked 13 years ago,
he hasn't been able to change either that despicable voice
nor the nature of his character.
He is charged with illegal possession of weapons and attempted murder.
And he is charged with five consecutive robberies with murder committed 13 years ago.
committed 13 years ago.
We will make him pay... we will make him pay for all his misdeeds!
Robberies with murder?
What are you talking about?
-Don't play dumb! -Huh?
We have your voice on tape
your victim's personal answering machine
and we also have your fingerprints left on the device.
We will be relentless with you if you resist authority.
Although they will take it badly.
Surrender without resistance!
(Off) "Thus, this case that had started 13 years ago,
"was solved with the great deployment
"that was carried out by the Osaka police commissioner
"who had been watching over us at all times."
Good afternoon.
Carry on, please.
What, did you remember anything since last time?
No... nothing at all.
Have you seen this man?
Yes..., I'd say I saw him...
So in Kogoro Mouri is the ex-husband of the Kisaki, right?
- (man) Exactly... I think we're going to have fun.
(thinks) "Wait a second! In this case...!"
And the next Conan:
"The judicial confrontation of the Kisaki and Kogoro, (part one)."
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

