What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
Today we have the first part of a special to Naniwa.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiiiii!
DOUBLE MYSTERY IN OSAKA:
The swordsmen of Naníwa AND THE CASTLE OF Taiko, (PART ONE)
Victory for men.
End of the fight!
Viva!
It's the third time he's won!
They will arrive safely in the capital.
Yes, this year, the Kaiho school has very strong competitors.
So far they have no one to beat them.
Shizuka.
You'll see, when our captain comes out.
In Heiji he has become strong as hell.
Caram, in Heiji is the captain?
My son didn't tell me anything.
-Captain of Kaiho School.
-Yes, he is.
-What?
Isn't it Heiji?
-Shouldn't it be that boy over there?
(Shizuka) The boy who talks quietly with those girls.
Hey, Heiji.
What are you doing here making tea?
The fight has already started.
Go over there right away!
What's that?
Light skin?
Ah, hello...
Ah, you're a first grader, right?
Hattori has asked me to please.
Since they don't need it until the last match,
he asked me to put his nameplate on me
to make the other school afraid of us.
But since he's popular with the girls, when they saw the plaque....
-So where did he go, in Heiji? -To the washroom.
It will be in the annex.
To get to the Naniwa-Center Sports Palace, you have to do the following:
When you arrive at Osaka Station,
Take the bus to Tojiri and get off at the 7th stop.
If you get lost, ask the bus driver.
You must see the spectacular performance of the great Heiji Hattori!
(Shinichi voice) Yes, I got it.
I'm not a child.
Since you look like a child, I can't help but worry.
Say what you want, but don't call me anymore.
You don't know how hard it is to throw Ran and Kogoro off the scent.
Besides, we came to see you because whenever we've been in Osaka...
we've put up with fast food,
and for once you've treated us to a good meal.
You're so unfunny, man.
By the way, this train and it will still take a couple of hours to arrive.
Your fight won't be over?
Don't worry about it.
The final doesn't start until 2:00.
You'll get there in time to see it.
Ah, that's good...
Well, Kudo, I'll be waiting for you.
Ouch!
-Ka-Kazuha? -What the hell are you doing, if I may ask? -What the hell are you doing, if I may ask?
That's what I'm asking you.
This is the men's room!
Is it?
I thought it was the hideout of a deserter...
who ran away without doing the fighting he was supposed to do.
This is strategy, pure strategy.
I'm doing it to beat him in the finals.
You mean that guy who looks like Kudo?
That's right.
The Okita, from Kyoto Senshi High School.
Last year he defeated me
and I have to pay him back for the wound he left behind my ear.
You're talking about a guy who beat you up, how come you're going around with such a big temper?
Bleda.
I didn't lose.
When the tsuki crossed each other, he cut my neck,
and the doctor stopped the fight because it wouldn't stop gushing.
Besides, the Okita fell asleep behind the sports center...
and he ducked out of a fight.
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll win.
You're wearing the amulet, aren't you?
This is not the only reason why I have been absent from 2 fights.
In fact, the wound you gave me when we were on the island of Bikuña...
...it's stinging and I can't concentrate on combat.
Ah.
Yes?
Message received.
I'm off.
I'll tell your mother she has a son who's a coward.
What?
Has the mother come?
Wait, Kazuha.
Stop it, this color, asshole!
-Mm?
Asshole? -No, I didn't say that...
That you can't do the match because you have a hangover?
What do you want me to do?
I've already been admitted to the company and I had to celebrate.
You could have thought about the situation at stake!

Don't worry, there is still an hour to go before the fight starts.
It's true.
It is better that you have a calm head for the hour of combat.
So much is given, that I explain what I know?
What's that?
Shut up!
I already have a job,
and unlike you I have nothing to lose.
If what you intend is to shy away from combat, you'll get nothing.
You will fight until someone from the third party replaces you.
We cannot allow your attitude to embarrass us.
A wretch who takes the bride of others will not give me lessons.
You fool.
She left you because she wanted to.
I'm not going to steal her from you.
Start getting your feet on the ground and clear your hangover,
lest this loser stigma haunts you forever.
I'll get you for this.
I'm going to kill you.
Heiji, what are you doing?
Ow, hurry up.
Hey... Yes.
Victory by egg!
-Very good!
You won (audience: cheers).
-I do not find in Tarumá enlloc.-It will not have gone step home.
What are you going.
Go look in the annex, come on.
Ep.
Now you do not have to distract!
Win the second fight soon.
You will be in the top 4.
(Boy) What, then, have you found it?
No, it was neither in the washroom nor in the dojo.
Here we have not looked.
I don't think it's here, while the bouts are being held.
(At the same time) Oooh!
Ta-Ta-Taruma!
-It's, it's dreadful! -A-A-avise an ambulance, hurry!
I'll go.
Omotani, go to the police station and have them come.
Hurry up.
T-Then I'll go to the sports palace
and explain it to Hakamada.
I'll go to the sports palace to explain it to Hakamada.
Tell him and get him over here right away.
Hurray!
He's in the top 4.
He can win the tournament!
What's that?
In Tarumá?
Is he for real?
Yes..., we don't know if he's still breathing or not, but he's covered in blood.
-Where did this happen? -Where did this happen? Who are you?
Didn't you hear me?!
I asked you where he is!
What's this?
There's nothing here.
That's strange.
When we saw him he was leaning on this plinth.
What is it, this dummy?
-It looks like a mannequin for first aid classes.
The ones used to learn how to do mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
You must not have confused it with this dummy?
No, that's impossible.
Hey, I've brought the police.
The ambulance... it'll be here in 10 minutes.
(gasps)
We haven't seen him in Taruma.
It's not here.
(gasps) Eh?
How!
Surely in Tarumá he wanted to make a fool of you.
Okay, we'll divide the selected ones.
We divide selected and we'll look for him.
If we find him having a few laughs, you'll see.
(Girl) Listen...
Shinnai University salary?
Yes, yes we are.
(Girl) What do you want?
I received a very strange call from a man at reception.
He left me an assignment:
"Tell the boys from Shinnai University who are now in the warehouse
"Tell them to go to the locker room by the pool."
In Taruma.
-Disgraciat.
He has played it on us.
-Ta-Taruma... -No, it can't be true!
He's dead.
No, it can't be.
(He thinks) "A body that was the warehouse appears in the changing rooms of the swimming pool
"Without anyone having seen anything."
"Someone has carried her here."
"But carrying a man covered in blood would have drawn people's attention."
"Besides, at the entrance to the annex there was a group from a kendo club."
"Then how did he do it?"
Ah, Heiji.
What are you doing?
Now we should go eat.
Let's go.
We have an hour, until the finals start.
Don't bother me.
There's been a murder.
A murder.
A boy was killed in those locker rooms.
What? What? What?
Really? I'm short on pickup stuff and I'm not up for combat.
I'm short on flirting and I'm not in the mood for combat.
Why don't you ask Kudo to take over?
You told him to come, didn't you?
"That's right, en Kudo! I'll call him and..."
I'm sure he can solve the case in a jiffy.
Come on, leave the case in Kudo's hands...
and you concentrate on the fighting.
Don't say anything about the case to Kudo, okay?
-Swear-me! -Heiji!
"There's still an hour and a half to go."
"Solve the case in the time left."
Watch out.
You got rice on your face.
(Boy) What?
A murder case?
So, sure in Hattori...
He just told me he's not into fighting...

and who wants to solve the case.
So what are we going to do?
The final is about to begin.
In this case he must win the tournament without Heiji.
He must leave that fool of deductions with a span of naaaaas!
Of it... Don't worry, Kazuha, we'll fight, we'll fight.
This boy is a teammate of yours, isn't he?
Yes.
He's in Taruma, a classmate from our university.
The fact that the body was doused with hot water
has made it difficult for us to determine the time of death.
Well, whatever.
The murder weapon is a katana...
After we find out who the owner is, we will have found the murderer.
(Heiji) It won't be like that, Mr. Ootaki.
Because this katana is the one the iai master would use
for the exhibition of this tournament.
It had been left in the master's waiting room.
and surely someone has entered and stolen it.
Heiji, what are you doing here?
Can't you see me?
I am participating in this tournament.
The tournament was for the universities and high schools of Kinki.
Hey, can you think of anyone who might have stolen the sword?
Yes.
Someone who has participated in the tournament frequently
and who knows that there is an exhibition.
A person who knows the sports hall well,
the annex building and where this locker room is located.
The killer must be a person of your type.
If he knew there would be the exhibition, he could have stolen the sword,
but why did he have to know the annex building and the locker room?
If he didn't, he would not have moved the victim without being seen.
I am concerned about the method he used to move the body.
"Since there were some competitors eating
"At the door of the annex building,
"Moving a man covered in blood without being noticed...
"It's practically impossible."
The first time Taruma's body was found in the gymnasium's storeroom,
but when everyone left,
the killer was able to manage to move the body quite well.
Remember that moment, guys?
The first person to find it was in Kotegawa.
Hm.
"I said I would go and call an ambulance."
"And then I told Kotegawa to send for the police."
The last one in front of the warehouse was you, Doguchi, wasn't it?
B-but I went to Hakamada at the sports hall right away.
That's not a lie, is it?
-I-I said, didn't I? -Yes.
The last one to leave the warehouse wasn't Douguchi, it was me.
I thought that I had to call the ambulance very quickly...
"And I asked a student at the entrance for his cell phone."
"As the ambulance dispatcher asked me to tell them how the ambulance was...
"to tell them how the injured man was, I went back to the warehouse...
"And I explained to them what condition he was in at Taruma."
Then I left the annex,
I returned the phone to the student and went to the police station.
Are you telling me the truth?
It's true, in Kotegawa he came to the police station.
I didn't know how to explain it and it helped me a lot.
How long does it take from the annex to the police station and back?
There is a crossroads in front of the police station
and we had to wait a long time.
It took us 14 to 15 minutes to make the trip.
14 or 15 minutes?
Doguchi, don't you think it's strange?
When the Omotani and Kotegawa came back with the police,
we hadn't even arrived at the warehouse for 2 seconds.
The annex is near the sports hall,
didn't it take you too long to get to the palace and call Hakamada?
It took as long as it took
because in the competition space there are a lot of people dressed alike.
And during this period of time, we don't know what the hell you were doing either.
If you want to suspect me, that's up to you,
but first you should give us an explanation.
How could you have been moved in Taruma, in the state you were in, without anyone noticing?
without anyone noticing?
That's right.
If you can't give us an explanation, we are in the clear.
This is a useless investigation.
We are going to tell Taruma's parents what happened to him.
Hakamada, you're the only one who doesn't wear your name tag.
What does?
I thought I had worn it, but I lost it.
Now that we're not going to participate in the bouts, it gives me.
Heiji, speaking of bouts, how did it go today?

Did you win or lose?
Heiji, man...
Victory by kote!
-You won! - (audience: standing ovation)
If we keep fighting like this, we'll reach the final.
You will win even if Heiji is not there.
Victory by tsuki.
Four to Kyoto Senshi High School.
Winner!
(Think) "The Kyoto Senshi Institute? That's the Okita I was talking about in Heiji!"
"Oh, no. If we don't have in Heiji..."
"If we don't have in Heiji, they'll beat us!"
(Heiji) "There is no window open, behind the annex,
"And going out the front windows would have attracted attention."
"So, if I had to transport in Tarumá to the locker room," (Heiji),
"I would have to go... past the sports hall, which is full."
"It's impossible."
"If someone had come out carrying a bloody man, they would have seen him,
"And that would have automatically made her a suspect."
"Casum! In Kudo will be here in 10 minutes..."
Hey, wait.
Wait a minute.
You just came out of the annex.
What were you doing there?
I just went to the washroom for a moment.
Excuse me, but I'd like to ask you something.
Ask me something?
It's about what he said in Taruma before he was killed.
He said if he was so good at explaining something.
Which one?
I-I don't know.
I don't know anything.
Tell me about what in Hakamada stole the bride to in Tarumá.
Has she come, she?
How do you want her to have come?
After the incident,
the Haori stopped being in charge of the kendo club.
What incident are you talking about?
Have you seen the Okita's tsuki?
Yes.
If you swallow once like that, you'll die for sure.
Ep, wait a minute!
Look, it's that college boy.
-Yes, before when we were eating, he also ran around like crazy.
You ate?
Are you the ones who ate a while ago in front of the annex building?
Yes.
That's us.
3 college students started to make a fuss.
They asked us to leave their cell phones, they asked us to call the police...
After those three left, no strangers came in?
-Yes, someone did.
You yourself. -Burro.
Before me.
Yes, a rather strange guy came out of the building.
A strange guy wearing someone else's armor.
How do you know it was someone else's?
Because he had his breastplate and mask on,
plus his gear.
"Sure, the armor bag!"
"Even if you put a corpse inside, no one would be suspicious."
"The only thing he's been able to do it is in Hakamada."
"He's killed in Taruma and hidden it in the warehouse."
"And while the other 3 were looking for him, he overtook them.
"And after they have discovered the body and have left,
"He put the body in the armor bag and went to the locker room."
"No, that's impossible."
"No matter how long I waited, I couldn't know whether they would come or not."
"And that all 3 have left is a coincidence."
"Just that there was only one person left, he couldn't have left already."
Ep, you.
If you don't stop playing what doesn't sound, you will take wrong.
How did you dare to ask him about the Haori?
This fool has explained it to you.
Of course.
Doguchi and I are childhood friends.
We promised each other as children
and when he's in trouble he explains it to me.
It's not fair for you to suspect him.
He's so fearful that he's even afraid to see his own blood.
Do you understand?
Don't butt in where you're not wanted.
(Mobile)
Yes, tell me? (Shinichi voice) "Hattori, it's me."
Kudo: where are you now?
Are you still on the bus?
No, Kogoro was too lazy to wait and wanted to take a cab.
He doesn't need to mail, he can come quietly.
You can get out of the cab, go eat some noodles and take a walk.
We have already told the driver to take us here.
We'll be there soon.
Eh?
"You'd better have made it to the finals, because if you didn't, that's funny."
"Hey, Hattori. Hattori?"
Ah, guys.
Did you know there's a first aid dummy in the storage room at the annex?
Well, yes, because we train here very often.
-How many dummies are there? -Two, a big one and a thin one.
"I got it."
Wasn't this one at Hattori del Kaiho?
What's he doing?
The finale is about to begin.
"If my deductions are correct, it must be."

"It still has to be inside this warehouse."
"I knew it was."
"He's used this to move the body."
Heiji!
Heiji, where are you?
You piece of donkey.
Where the hell did he go?
Kazuha!
We've come to cheer you up! Ran!
The Hattori kendo team has advanced to the finals?
Yes.
They won, but I can't find Heiji anywhere now.
I'm sure he must be running around
trying to solve the murder that happened.
A... a murder?
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda he.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

