What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
Today we have the third part of a special to Naniwa.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiiiii!
DOUBLE MYSTERY IN OSAKA:
the swordsmen of Naníwa and Taiko's castle, (PART THREE)
(Kazuha) Yes!
This is it!
This is my wallet!
What a break.
I was convinced you'd be coming soon,
so I waited to take it to the police.
This wallet must be very important, right?
I noticed you're wearing a charm.
Hm!
Thank you very much, madam!
Weren't you wearing just one, Kazuha?
No, I bought another one.
If anything happened while sightseeing,
the trip would have gone down the drain.
That a burning man fell from the main tower of the castle?!
-Are you serious? -Yes, I am.
There's quite a commotion.
Looks like they haven't helped.
Yes.
- (boy) I've seen fire. (boy) It smells like burning.
Inspector Ootaki, that's a lot of work.
Two cases in one day.
Our work has them, that sort of thing.
But we've already found out something.
This poor man's name is Yuji Kato.
-Did you see he's wearing a pin? -A pin?
This pin with paulonias on it?
It's the Hideyoshi Clan's emblem, the 7 paulonias.
I have known that it was Hideyoshi's thing
and I asked them to come and identify it.
What does it say?
What does it say, Hideyoshi's?
While we were making the trip, we came up with a way to make it interesting:
To portray famous characters from the Civil Wars Era.
It's kind of a game.
I play Mitsuhide,
Mr. Kasuya of... Ieyasu,
Wakasaka of... Nobunaga
and Katagiri, of shadow.
and then...
Wow, this looks like a lot of fun.
Listen: did you guys know each other at all, before you took this trip?
Uh... No.
She suddenly disappeared, so we went looking for her.
Since she was wearing a red jacket,
we thought we'd find him right away.
We wouldn't have imagined that he would fall there surrounded by flames.
And you hadn't heard him make any comments about a possible suicide?
Well, no, not really.
How do you know it was suicide?
No one would think of climbing on the roof on a rainy day.
Besides, the jacket he was wearing was made of a highly flammable fabric.
This proves that he set himself on fire after climbing up.
I see that you are always involved in one case or another?
-You look as if you were cursed... (flow) Not me.
We should rather say that about the commissioner's son.
What do you say?
In Heiji is also here in the castle?
Yes.
He's just gone to the castle with Conan.
Hey, Kudo, be on your guard, you might slip in the rain.
Coi, I look like a monkey playing circus monkey.
Have you found anything?
There's all these small fragments of plastic material.
A lighter!
Did you set fire with this lighter?
But it's strange, because this...
This mark is...!
I still don't believe it.
I think it's impossible for Kato to have committed suicide.
I think so too.
I had wanted so much to come and visit this castle....
It is not known for sure what is in a person's head.
Perhaps he had made the decision to commit suicide
somewhere that was linked to Taiko.
It remains for us to determine why he set himself on fire.
-Yes.
We have to find the reason.
- (Heiji) Maybe I've found it.
I found this lighter on the roof of the main tower.
Oh, this is the lighter I was carrying in Kato, isn't it?
-That confirms that it's a suïcidi. No.
It doesn't have to be.
The lighter has a closed lid.
Would someone committing suicide go to the trouble of closing it?
But maybe it closed by itself when he dropped it.
If so, it would have been lower than where he was.
Besides, we found something else important...
in front of the place where the lighter was.

Anything important?
Where we found the lighter,
there was something with a strange shape that was still wet.
As the lighter is elongated and had a fan shape....
"Sure enough, there was some kind of cylindrical tube in that spot."
"It's as if when it started to rain...
"they would have put the lighter there after taking out the tube."
Oi, Conan?
Yes.
And where is it?
Where is it, this kind of cylindrical tube?
I still don't know anything.
Around there were some fragments that will have to see.
(Man) Inspector.
We have collected Mr. Kato's personal belongings.
A wallet, a cell phone, a key, tobacco,
a fragment of something and a roll?
(Man) Huh?
(Man) What's this?
It's strange.
There's only the ideogram that is used to say "dragon".
(All) Huh?
-There's also this fragment.
-It looks like a piece of mud, doesn't it?
(Kazuha) Eh?
This shard...
Isn't it similar
to the one they found on a corpse from a case 13 years ago?
Yesterday, my father was talking to you in the car.
13 years ago, they found a burned corpse in the castle moat,
and not long ago they found a burned body with a similar fragment.
The father explained that the last fragment bore the numbers 848.
848?
What does this mean?
I don't know,
but it seems that these fragments have to be part of a treasure.
A treasure?
It is true!
All 2 spoke in half-words.
They said that the great hero had left a great treasure.
A great treasure, you say?
Hey, you guys.
You've told us a bunch of lies before, haven't you?
Hey, look, Heiji.
Look at this fragment I found.
(Think) "There's something glistening in the mud."
Wait a minute.
What's gold, this?
Yes, but it doesn't really look like a very valuable treasure.
I don't quite understand what happened in this case.
Yes, and it's incomprehensible...
that Mr. Kato has separated from his companions
and climbed up to the roof to become a fireball.
And the biggest problem is... What he has caught in dying.
The paraigua.
The umbrella.
The first thing you think of when you see an umbrella is rain.
In the case of Osaka Castle, maybe he was referring to the Ruykoseki.
What do you mean?
Gee, didn't you know?
To the right and left of the cherry gate of Osaka Castle,
are the Ryukoseki,
rock walls of the Dragon and Tiger that protect the tower.
When it rains, the dragon and tiger characters appear.
Rain?
Oh!
Leave it to me for a moment!
-This is a very important test!
Ha-ha-ha!
Well, let's see if it's true.
Yes.
It is possible that it is still somewhere in the castle.
Hideyoshi's treasure, famous because he was called the King of Gold.
It must be somewhere in Osaka Castle.
(Think) "The treasure!"
"The great treasure that Hideyoshi left behind!"
It's me.
Listen to me and don't lift a finger.
The police will be gone for a while yet.
What we're looking for is already close at hand.
Prepare everything, but don't do anything else.
What do you mean?
That you have found out where is the great treasure you left Hideyoshi?
-Are you sure, Heiji? -Yes, I have no doubt.
We owe it all to this fragment that the late Mr. Kato was carrying.
You can't see it very well,
but inside the shard are pieces of gold that glow.
That's-that's true.
What do you see in this piece of great treasure?
Look at it with this scroll that Kato was carrying and think.
What do we look at it?
You can only see the word "dragon", can't you?
Oh!
What is this?
On the paper where was written the ideogram
there are sheets of paper superimposed and glued.
Like the Ryukoseki, which when it rains let you see what is underneath.
But the essential words have been burned and cannot be read.
What is it, this drawing on the left?
Couldn't it be a pumpkin?
Now that you mention it, the gourd was Taiko's banner.
Then, this piece of clay...
maybe it comes from a gourd-shaped container.
Maybe there is gold stored inside!
But, according to what you can see, it should measure one shaku,
that is to say, it should be 30 centimeters high.
I don't think such a small gourd can hold much.

Mr. Mouri, have you forgotten?
When Hideyoshi was rewarded for the merits he made to the war,
he won a small gourd,
and finally he could have the golden standard,
the banner of the thousand gourds!
-The banner of a thousand pumpkins?
-No, it can't be!
Yes.
If one were found with all thousand, it would be a phenomenon.
It would be of incalculable historical and economic value.
That that corpse 13 years ago had that fragment,
as well as the corpse of the last days and as in Kato,
it means that it is possible that all 3 looked for this treasure
and that someone killed them when it crossed their minds to keep it.
But don't you find it strange?
The commissioner and Tooyama saw those 2 fragments.
How did they realize that they were from a great treasure?
They had not seen this scroll.
They would know from the shape of the fragments.
The fragment that the father looked at had a hole in it,
as if it had to be the mouth of the pumpkin;
also, the 848...
848 must refer to the order number of the corresponding pumpkin.
But even if those 2 fragments also had gold inside,
does not mean that we can arrive at this hypothesis.
Caram.
This sounds like a fairy tale, doesn't it?
B-but it doesn't seem so unthinkable either.
It is said that the Ieyasu was so afraid of him, even after his death,
that he hid a fortune in the castle.
Legend has it that to purify the wells,
Hideyoshi sunk gold into the Kinmei-Sui,
the well in front of the Tenshukaku, the main tower.
Why should this be a treasure trove?
It is possible that this scroll is a blueprint without indications.
Do you mean that the fact that there is gold hidden inside the pottery
and that the scroll has these leaves overlaid on it
just to deceive the person who sees it?
This is the dragon scroll.
-The tiger's. Huh?
Somewhere there must be a tiger scroll
that, like the characters of the Ryukoseki,
shows the map with the place where the pumpkin is hidden.
There is a good chance that the scroll will tell us.
That's what you meant, isn't it?
Tooyama!
What-what are you doing here?
I called you on the phone.
Besides, the police station is right here.
This case has to do with the case the father is handling,
and besides, if I hadn't called you, you wouldn't have wanted to leave.
"She's gone back to meddling where she's not asked to."
You've already felt the Kazuha, we'll take care of it.
Yes, that's right.
You know?
I know a fantastic place in Shimbashi, very close to here.
-Shall we go there for dinner? -Shut up at once!
(Calling) A case just happened, how are we going to eat....
(Calm down) as if... nothing happened?
Look, Kazuha, don't worry about me.
Why don't you go have dinner with Ran?
Hey, Kazuha...?
You go ahead.
Come on, Ran.
We'll go to dinner by ourselves.
Wait, Kazuha...
Mmm... Eh?
Let's try it.
The owner of the restaurant is a very funny man.
Excuse me, does he do nothing, if we're going to have dinner too?
It's just that we haven't eaten anything since noon.
I'll go change my clothes at the hotel, I'm all wet.
Hey, wait a minute!
We'll be right back.
Since the hotel is nearby, we'll take advantage of it to...
In this case, please come back soon.
(Thinking) "This voice... It can't be..."
Hey, Ootaki.
Look...
Yes, you understand.
I'll tell my men to take care of it.
-To keep a low profile.
-Yes. -Yes.
Hey, Heizo... It's me.
You did it for Heiji, didn't you, calling your father?
If your father is a person connected with all those cases,
he can explain a lot of things he doesn't know.
And you nailed that lapidary phrase to tease him, didn't you?
I just wanted to see the glowing expression...
glowing expression on Heiji's face when he's solved a case.
I'm a fool, aren't I? Yes, a finished bimbo.
A finished fool?
Yes.
Just like me... Eh?
I'm sorry to admit it.
But I really like Shinichi's expression when he solves a case.
Wow!
Ah, but only the one at that moment.
Oi, Conan?
What do you think?
Oh, no!
We forgot to take Conan with us!
Ah, that's right!
(Shinichi voice) Hey, Hattori... Look, that.
There's something strange in a strange place.

A battery?
If it was on the object when Mr. Kato turned it on...
Yes... That wasn't suicide, that was murder.
(Kazuha) It'll be all right.
It's with your father and Heiji, nothing will happen to him...
Besides, the police are working on the case.
I'm sure there won't be any more incidents.
What's the matter? Eh?
Aaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
The victim is Miss Maho Katagiri.
One of the people on that trip.
She was ignited by a big flame and fell into the pit.
But it seems that she died from blunt trauma to the back of her head.
which caused his death instantly.
It is likely that he hit his head on a projection when he fell.
Is it a suicide?
For now, we are not in a position to know.
Did Katagiri have a lighter?
Are you sure?
Yes, I thought it was a lighter.
There was no one next to Miss Katagiri?
No, not next to her,
but there was someone at the other end of the bridge, wasn't there?
It was him who set her on fire.
That's impossible.
That person was at the head of the bridge when we started to cross it.
It must be a suicide.
Donkey!
This is impossible!
There must be something.
Evidence that points to the murderer.
Heiji, please.
Father?
Heiji, are you out of your mind?!
Don't you know?!
When you shuffle the scene,
you make the police find themselves in a mess.
Calm down, calm down, commissioner.
Heiji was just trying to solve the case in his own way...
I'll shut up.
Mr. Mouri, this would be true if you were investigating.
But this kid doesn't investigate anything.
All he does is get in the way.
He's just a teenage detective who's gone overboard.
He's just stirring up essential things like the bodies, the evidence that's found.
He does nothing but turn it around and mess up the crime scene.
Now he has seen that he has not even stopped
after the death of 2 people.
The fact that the police had reinforced the perimeter
and that in spite of everything something happened is the proof.
This is what we call the police.
Anyway...you are a nuisance.
I don't want any fans.
Get out of my sight.
But, commissioner, aren't you too hard on him?
Ootaki.
You don't remember anymore?
I asked you not to be influenced by anything.
It must be his way of showing his affection.
Well, let's let the commissioner work his way.
Ootaki, do you think these 2 cases are murder cases?
Uh, no...
In Kato has fallen from the roof of the castle surrounded by flames.
He found a lighter on the roof
and it had his fingerprints on it.
This second time, Miss Ran and Miss Kazuha...
saw the victim catch fire and fall into the moat.
We think they may have murdered all 2 of them.
Although we are investigating, Inspector.
In this case, 2 or 3 investigators to the scene will suffice.
-Tooyama..., we're out of here. -Huh?
The police department has no time to waste
with petty cases like this.
Co-Commissioner!
(Think) "Heizo..., don't tell me that..."
Please don't take it to heart.
Surely, the commissioner must have been nervous...
because 2 people have been killed in front of the police station.
But he didn't need to hit the guy either.
Maybe he did it because of the last killings.
Yes, I've told you before.
Yesterday, when Heiji's father was driving us home,
they were talking about those burned people.
They said that what had happened had happened again.
"When they found that burned body 13 years ago,
"There was a series of robberies with murder,
"And they said that maybe now they could find the murderer."
Robberies with murder!
There were 5 cases, and they murdered 7 people,
but the murderer could not be caught.
Hattori's father may think that these cases are the work of that criminal.
that these cases are the work of that criminal.
Indeed.
While swallowing back tears,
he wanted to keep you away from the scene of the crime,
to prevent his son from putting himself in danger.
Apa... I doubt very much that she cried.
She's not a person who would break down over something like that.
Heiji!
I know exactly what it means to be reasonable in an investigation.
I'm already in and I'll prove it to you.
I'll find out who the murderer is and I'll pass her by the nose!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

"That is, you'd rather do something foolish than be reasonable."
"But I don't understand."
"He is Heiji's father.
"You should know that he has this temperament."
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto....
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

