The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows is not seen.
Cases, deductions, mean freedom.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!
(Off) "Ran's mother agreed to take the defense of Shinji Usami,
"whom the police accused of murder."
"The prosecution was being handled by Reiko Kujo."
"Who held the key to confirming the defendant's alibi was Kogoro."
"But, who knows why,
"At the trial the prosecution summoned him as a witness for the prosecution."
THE JUDICIAL CONFRONTATION OF THE Kisaki AGAINST Kogoro, (PART TWO)
(Reiko) Mr. Mouri.
Can you tell us where you went and what you did on the night of the incident?
I went to drink at a bar called Mimasu in the Haido district.
After drinking 2 bottles of sake, you fell asleep at the counter, right?
That's right.
Do you remember what time it was when you woke up?
-25 minutes past 9:00. How do you know so accurately?
While I was napping, I got a call on my cell phone.
The owner of the bar woke me up to give it to me,
and I saw that the screen read exactly 9:25.
Very well, we continued.
Were there any other customers in the bar?
No, I was alone.
But since there wasn't much reception inside,
I went outside to talk and then a man came in.
Do you remember this man's face?
Of course I do.
It was Mr. Shinji Usami, who is sitting there.
(Audience: hearsay)
Why did they subpoena Mr. Mouri as a prosecution witness?
I don't know.
But I'm sure they are up to something.
When he was called as a prosecution witness, I was surprised,
but he will testify in favor of the mother, won't he?
Yes, and so much.
(Think) "At least for the moment."
I have no further questions, your honor.
It's the defense's turn.
Thank you.
Mr. Mouri,
do you remember the approximate time Mr. Usami left the Mimasu?
He was there for about half an hour;
he was supposed to leave around 10 o'clock.
So, the defendant went to the Mimasu from 2/4 from 10 to 10,
which is the time the victim died, isn't that right?
Yes, that's exactly right.
I have no further questions.
-Mmm... So, according to the testi... (Reiko) Your Honor.
May I ask one last question, please?
-Yes, endavant. -Thank you very much.
Mr. Mouri,
you have testified that the owner of the Mimasu woke you up
while you were sleeping at the bar counter, right?
Yes, that's right.
At that time... tell me where you had your cell phone, Mr. Mouri?
(Think) "Oysters!"
Evidently, in the inside pocket of the coat,
which was hanging on the hanger on the other side of the counter.
So, while you were asleep,
someone could have tampered with the time on your telephone clock, couldn't they?
For example... the owner of the bar.
-What nonsense! -Objection!
The prosecution's intervention is nothing more than an assumption.
Try to keep your interventions to the facts only.
(Reiko) Understood.
Your Honor, I request...
the appearance as a witness of Ms. Masako Kameda,
owner of the Mimasu bar and ex-wife of the defendant.
-Which disaster.
-Ki... Kisaki.
It's my fault.
I thought I had an alibi and I forgot the details.
What, Conan: how do you see this?
Wrong.
Since in Kogoro I didn't have the cell phone together, the alibi doesn't work.
That is, while in Kogoro he slept,
"The owner of the bar was able to change the time of the cell phone,
"Waking her up to see the false time...,"
and when in Kogoro he did not see it,
set the clock back to the correct time.
The bar owner could have done it perfectly well.
B-but...
Exactly.
It seems to me that both you and your mother...
have stopped with the impression that this couple were fighting,
and you haven't even considered

that she could have sought an alibi for her ex-husband.
(Thinking) "But..."
Mrs. Masako Kameda,
did you tamper with Kogoro Mouri's cell phone on the night of the car accident,
while he was sleeping?
What do you say?
Know that for false testimony you can be charged as an accomplice.
Mrs. Masako?
It's like... it's just like the prosecutor says.
So, you admit that you tampered with the cell phone, right?
Yes.
So, actually what time was it,
when Mr. Usami passed Mr. Mouri at the door?
9.55.
I'm going to... set the clock back half an hour.
Your Honor, between the scene and the bar is a quarter of an hour's walk,
so the defendant would have had plenty of time to commit the crime.
Mm.
Very well.
Does the defense have any questions?
Just one.
Ms. Masako..,
when you and I spoke before the trial,
you assured me that you detested the defendant.
Why did you go along with this alibi?
What was your reason for doing so?
I don't know.
Here I am.
(Kisaki) Mr. Usami...,
what your wife said at the trial is true?
It's very strange...
If you asked your wife to set up the alibi for you,
why didn't you take advantage of it?
I have already told you many times: you have to tell me the truth.
If you don't, I can no longer defend you.
Do you understand?
There is no need for anyone to defend me.
What do you say, now!
I charged me in Hirazawa!
They can imprison me or do whatever they want to me!
(Phone)
Detective Mouri, say?
Ah, it's you, Takagi.
So, how did it go?
Ah, ah... The Usami's address?
"Kogoro..."
Ah, yes?
Understood.
Thank you very much.
I'll buy him a drink.
Apa, bye.
Conan, I'm going out for a moment.
Okay, I'll see you later.
See you later.
"Hirazawa case investigation report."
"I thought so."
Hello.
What's up?
Conan, and the father?
Hey, Conan.
"Stomach contents: iidako?"
"This..."
Conan, can't you hear me?
Come on, let's see... Let's see, where do we start?
(Door, open) Kogoro!
He-he-he-he-he-he-he!
Co... Conan!
What are you doing here?
The Ran told me to keep an eye out
because the prosecution does not use it again.
Casum the pot.
She doesn't trust her father either.
Don't touch anything, eh?
All right! (Thinking) "Mm?
(thinks) "Mm?"
"This must be on Masaki."
"What's this?"
"These are matches from the Mimasu."
"What are they doing here?"
Hey, Kogoro.
Have you seen any ashtrays around the house?
Have you?
No, now that you mention it, not one.
She must not smoke, the Usami.
Well, look: here was a box of matches.
Aah?
But they are from the Mimasu!
It's not strange, that he has them.
But they have a fight with the woman, don't they?
How come...?
This couples thing is very complicated.
Children can't understand it.
(Shinichi's voice) Casum la olla!
Mm?
This...
Hello!
Today at lunch you have also put iidako?
Ah, hello, boy.
Of course I did.
It's the specialty of the house.
I always put it.
Did you like it? Yes.
It was great!
Oh, was it?
Then I'll put you some.
Yay!
Thank you, man!
You're welcome, man.
You have it too, this photo.
In Mr. Usami's apartment with them.
Ah.
Do you want me to subpoena him again as a witness?
Yes.
Since he spilled it the other day,
he wants a chance to make amends.
Re-quoting in Mouri, after he undoes the defendant's alibi...
All this is related to the time gap we are talking about.
He told me that if I showed them that they would understand.
They are Mimasu matches, aren't they?
Ah.
This.
And he says to look at the contents of the victim's stomach.
-The contents of the stomach... -Kisaki.
Mr. Mouri, if you'd be so kind,
I would like you to confirm the facts of that night.
Can you remind us what time you arrived at the Mimasu?
About 2/4 of 8, as usual.
-At what time did you go to sleep? -At 2/4 of 9.
So, between 8:30 and 9:55, the actual time he was awakened,
he slept the whole time, right?
Yes, that must be it.
Caram.
What does he want to prove, with all this?
I don't know.
He must not know where to hold on.
So, you don't know anything about what happened in the bar during that time, do you?

What are you getting at?
That while you were taking a nap leaning against the counter,
even if Mr. Usami had come to the bar with the victim...
Objection.
That's an unfounded assumption.
-Yes, it is. -Oh!
Check the autopsy of the victim.
It says that in the stomach was found iidako,
an ingredient that's always found in Mimasu bar food.
Check it out.
After inquiring with the other bars in the area,
we... came to the conclusion
that Mimasu is the only one that has iidako on the menu.
Even if this is true
and that night the victim went to the Mimasu,
it is irrelevant to the case.
You are wrong: it is very relevant.
In case the victim had gone to the bar,
he would have met someone else who might have wanted to kill him.
What s'empatolla?
At that time I was the only customer.
-But he wasn't alone, was he?
-What?
It can not be.
Don't talk nonsense!
The owner of the Mimasu is incapable of doing something like that.
I am in a position to affirm...
Here we go again...
(Kogoro voice) Sometimes, things are not as they seem.
Eh?
What are you saying?
The key that should help us solve this case
lies in the relationship that Mr. Usami has with his ex-wife.
It's true that after the death of their beloved son
the relationship deteriorated and divorce was inevitable.
This was also Mr. Hirazawa's fault.
Now, that night, Mr. Usami met Mr. Hirazawa....
and they began to argue.
Because of this argument,
2/4 of 9 they were thrown out of the tavern where they were.
The defendant then took the victim to the Mimasu bar,
run by his ex-wife.
My guess is that the hatred the defendant had for Mr. Hirazawa
made him take her, without really knowing why,
in the presence of his wife.
They got to 3/4 of 9 touches.
When Mrs. Kameda saw Mr. Hirazawa,
she returned all the hatred she had tried so hard to forget.
Then she made the defendant go home,
and when Hirazawa was left alone,
he accompanied him to the construction site and killed him.
When he returned to the bar, he saw that I was still asleep....
and thought to find an alibi.
In short, the alibi that the prosecution has dismantled...
was not to help the defendant, but to save herself.
You can tell she's an investigator.
It's a great story.
Too bad we're in a courtroom
and assumptions made on the spur of the moment don't work.
Facts are being discussed here.
Do you have any objection to what I have just explained?
First of all,
how do you explain that Mr. Usami left Mr. Hirazawa's bar
and went home?
How do you know that he did not go with Hirazawa?
If he had gone that way, the defendant would have insisted that he had an alibi,
instead of keeping quiet as he did, wouldn't he?
And that the key to the defendant's car was found at the scene of the crime?
It is quite simple: the defendant himself left it next to the victim.
The accused left the bar,
but as he didn't have them all he came back.
By chance,
he passed by the place where Mrs. Masako had died in Hirazawa.
Then Mr. Usami would think the following:
I'd better take the blame, since I'm drunk.
If everything goes well, I'll get off with a small sentence,
just like what happened in Hirazawa at the trial for Masaki's death.
How deluded.
Being drunk is not always a mitigating factor.
It may even mean a more serious sentence.
The defendant did it because he still loves his wife.
And so does she, deep down...
Here is the proof: some matches from the Mimasu bar.
On the back is the name written in Western letters.
What does it prove, this evidence?
Eh?
If read backwards, these letters say... Usami M,
that is, the initial preceded by the surname of her son Masaki,
which was also her own before she got divorced,
when she was leading a happy life.
As the defendant saw these matches
and became aware of his wife's feelings,
he tried to make us believe that he was the murderer, in order to help her.
This is not true!
I killed him!
My wife didn't do it!
I'll carry him with these hands!
(Masako) Stop it, Shinji.
Stop it.
I've already seen how you feel about me.

I am very sorry for having said all that I have said.
I didn't know anything about what you did with the key...
As Mr. Mouri said, I killed him in Hirazawa.
Masako.
That guy... he didn't remember me at all.
You mean we haven't met somewhere before?
We have?
With you?
No, we haven't.
If I'd seen you, I'm sure I'd remember.
It's impossible to forget a woman like you.
Oh, is it?
She'd torn my family apart
and she didn't even remember my face...
I couldn't forgive her.
Masako...
Seeing a married couple protecting each other out of love is wonderful,
but a crime is a crime.
If you really care about your wife,
what you have to do is wait for him to serve his sentence...
and then try to rebuild your life together.
Now that's real love.
And you're sure no one has seen it?
We have to go look for her before we run out of visibility.
Conan, wait'ns here the chalet, eh?
Yes!
Come on, let's go.
Come on, Saburo.
Bub!
And next Conan: "The Truth of Valentine's Day"
("Aoi aoi Kono Hoshi ni")
Shigekiteki na Sekai o matte ita KEDO Kitto...
Me no mae ni aru Subete ga Taisetsu na mono nanda él.
Ushinau koto kowagaru nante...
Watashitachi mada nani mo iretenai.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Aoi aoi Kono hoshi ni!
Kagirinai Mirai Kasane!
Can make me free, Kono mama kodou kanjite itai!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare.
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Kono kimochi maiagare!
Sora has umi yaki tsukete tsuyoi Chikara de!
Kimi ni Daka tobidashitaiiiiii!

