What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
Valentine's Day is coming in 2 weeks.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "Once the New Year's holidays have passed,
"The girls start preparing sweets
"To show their appreciation or affection,
"In the coldest time of winter."
"That is... Valentine's Day."
THE TRUTH OF VALENTINE'S DAY, (CASE).
What do you catch them, with this Valentine's Day stuff?
What nonsense.
If this whole story is just a business of candy manufacturers.
But it also makes illusion, that they give you chocolate.
And chocolate is great!
You only ruminate because you have never been given a gift.
(Thinking) "I'm sure you haven't."
"With this little boy's body, the only one all day give me chocolate."
In fact, what the Edogawa says is true....
The only place where they play at being in love with each other
chocolate on top and chocolate on the bottom is in Japan.
The origin of Valentine's Day
dates back to the martyrdom and murder of Bishop Valentine.
R-really?
But the mother explained something to me.
On Valentine's Day girls make important memories
because they put all their love into the chocolate they make.
That's why chocolate is sweet and bitter at the same time.
Have you bought chocolate too?
Father says I'm still too little.
"Yeah, I guess she's too little for love stories."
And then?
What will she do, the girlfriend you have to the detective agency?
Ah, the Ran?
She's very excited
because tomorrow we're going to the suites mountain guesthouse,
but she hasn't talked about chocolate.
I hope you don't end up with the bitter memory
of a Valentine's Day Slaughter.
"Apa here!"
"Now I had to bring out Al Capone's Valentine's Day Slaughter."
"February 14, 1929, in front of a garage,
"He machine-gunned the 7 members of the Morans, his rival family,
"and left them spread-eagled."
"Al Capone!"
"Come to think of it,
"That man grew up in the town where Al Capone had lived."
Conan, run, we'll drop you off here.
Yes, I'm coming.
-I like chocolate very much. -Me too.
Why do you have to go all the way to a mountain inn..,
to start preparing your sweets?
To learn how to be a good wife.
Yes... But you can also learn that at home.
So much so.
Yes, that's it!
But don't tell me that I would prepare sweets.
I came here because the mountain is very beautiful and to see animals.
Ah, didn't you know?
The mountain hostel Suites is famous
because the chocolate they prepare is always successful.
What?
You will prepare the chocolate yourself
to give it to Kyogoku and confess your love.
Uh, yes..., that's what I wanted, but...
Sonoko, what's wrong?
It's just that I haven't been able to get in touch for a while.
Every time I called him, I got his answering machine.
What are you saying, now!
Ah... I knew I messed up...
I called him to tell him that I had not been able to make the sweater
and that I would make chocolate for someone I love.
I thought it was a foolproof plan.....
"I get it."
I should have specified to him that the chocolate was for him.
It's going to be fine.
And you'll be able to send a lot of chocolate to Kyogoku.
You're very strong.
Eh?
I haven't talked to him for a week and you can see how bad I'm doing.
Shinichi... it's never.
Yes, but... I've gotten used to it.
The truth is, I'd just as soon he disappeared forever.
(Sonoko) Hello.
We've come to make chocolate.
It's nice to meet you.
Madam, it's all your fault.
You tricked these girls
to make them come to this mountain and get money out of them
with the excuse that they would prepare sweets.
Father.

Don't say such things.
Excuse me, please.
I don't cheat anyone.
More than 10 years ago, to know why,
my sweets joined a couple.
Then, the press and television talked about it all the time.
The previous owner, my husband, died 4 years ago,
and because of the commotion that caused
the forest spirits, our clientele has diminished a lot.
Spirits of the forest, you say?
None of you should go outside alone
when a snowstorm starts.
Unless you want the spirit that lives in these mountains to give you a very strange gift.
to give you a very strange gift.
A strange gift? Aaaaaaaaah...
(Boy) Chocolate.
There are many people who try to go into these mountains,
and often there are people who have accidents,
but every year, with the arrival of this season,
some chocolate is always found next to the lifeless bodies.
There are rumors of all kinds.
Some people say that it is the spirit of a woman
who wanted to come to prepare chocolate,
but got lost and died.
Or that it could be the Snow Woman.
The snow woman?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Well, it's not too much to worry about.
The police always say
that animals have a hard time finding food in the mountains,
and that they remove the things that people carry in their backpacks
and that they always leave the chocolate out.
Well, well... I have to go, I have work to do.
Goodbye, have a good day.
Nigaki...
I think it's good that you put so much enthusiasm into following them,
but if you put too much into it,
the Snow woman will come to seduce you and you'll get lost.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Nothing will happen.
If the Snow woman comes to give me chocolate I will tell her:
"I have a girlfriend who is the Ako and there is nothing more to say."
What a... what an ass you are.
Good bye.
Excuse me, excuse me.
What do you want, boy?
What do you want, kid?
He said he's got work to do.
What did he mean?
Ah... Well, he's got a job writing reports.
He's gone to look for evidence, whether it's film or photographs,
the events that took place here 5 years ago.
Aaaaah.
At first, I worked with him as a photographer.
And he assured me that he had seen the Snow woman in the forest.
What did he see?
The woman... of the Snows?
I don't pass her.
She's chasing a real beast.
But since she's become a ghost...
she's not much different from the Snow Woman.
A ghost?
(Man) That's right.
Since 1905 when they were murdered,
these 100 years have become a kind of a ghost species
that appears on the list of endangered species.
I'm talking about the Japanese wolf.
Wow... The Japanese wolf.
But are you sure you're doing the right thing?
Will you shoot with this rifle against such a valuable beast?
Ah, this rifle?
This is to frighten the wolves
and make them fall into the traps I set for them.
Well, madam, see you later.
Attend to my friend who will come in a while.
Ah.
Everyone has lost their minds because of that group of wolves.
I have to go out for a moment.
When that friend of yours arrives,
take him to an empty room, please.
Uh... Of course, ma'am, where to now?
To visit my husband's grave, which is in the forest.
And you will go alone?
For me, this mountain is like a garden.
Besides, I always have Saburo by my side.
In Saburo?
(whistling)
(Dog: borda)
Good-natured, good-natured.
(Thinks) "Wow, he's a dog."
Don't tell me that reporter mistook your dog for a wolf.
That's impossible.
He claims he saw that wolf at 10 o'clock at night.
In this case, maybe...
When it gets dark, the Saburo goes into his kennel.
He does?
Really?
Then, we could start preparing the chocolate...
while Mrs. Yuasa is out.
Uh... Yes. Uh... Yes.
Won't that lady show you how to prepare it?
She always used to.
But now we're the ones who teach her how to prepare the chocolate.
Since we come every year, she always asks us for that favor.
I understand.
But she makes sure everything is ready to start.
Of course, I understand.
So, it's clear that love is just something to make money.
Oh, shut up already.
Valentine's Day is 3 days away.
We will prepare the chocolate with all our enthusiasm!
The husband of the owner of the hostel was killed by an avalanche?

Yes, on February 14, 4 years ago.
He spent a week under the snow
before the Saburo was able to dig him up.
On the other hand, another person who was also there was never found.
Uh, another person?
My older brother disappeared that day and we haven't seen him since.
Eh?
The police told me that the safest hypothesis
is that she was swept away by the avalanche and covered by the snow.
But I feel like he's still alive.
That's why we come here every year.
I also take the opportunity to visit the grave of the former owner.
Sorry, I didn't want to talk about something so sad.
Don't worry about it. (Door: knock-knock)
About it... Can I help you with anything?
No, no way!
Men can't go into the kitchen!
-It'll be as bad as Nigaki's. I'm-sorry.
(Sonoko) Now, watch out.
(Sonoko) That's it!
I've almost finished it!
(Sonoko) Oh!
How cute!
It turned out very well, of course.
It's true.
Come on, girls, we'll take pictures with the chocolate we've prepared.
Yes, yes.
A storm has arisen.
Yes, I hope it's all right in Nigaki.
Excuse me, but now it's better that we're going to look for her.
Wait here.
-Come on, Ako. -Yes.
What's up?
Where are you going?
We'll be right back.
Nigakiiiiii!
Where eeeeets?
Nigakiiiiiiii!
Eh?
You can't find him in Nigaki?
No, we've looked for him everywhere he usually goes, but nothing at all.
Yes.
And this storm is very strong!
We have to go look for it before we run out of visibility.
Conan, you wait in case it comes back, okay?
Yes.
(thinks) "Not exactly."
Come on, come on, Saburo.
Bub!
(Ako) Yoshitakaaaaaaaaa! Nigakiiiiiii!
Nigakiiiiiiiiiii!
-Where eeeeeets? -Nigakiiiiiiiii!
Where eeeeeeeeets?
Nigakiiiiiiiii!
Where are you?
Answer!
-Where eeeeeeets? -Nigakiiiiiiiii!
(Shot)
A feature?
(Man) What a rage...
He's beaten me to it, maybe?
Who the fuck are you?
I am?
I'm a client of the suites hostel.
What's wrong?
Damn it.
Where's he gone to, Nigaki?
(Saburo: borda)
Saburo!
Ni-Nigaki?
Nigaki!
(Think) "Bad, she's not breathing anymore."
"She's been beaten to death?"
"Eh? What's this?"
"This is... chocolate?"
Yoshitakaaaaa!
Answer!
I don't like this.
The storm is getting stronger and stronger.
What do we do now?
If we keep looking for him in the forest, we'll get lost too.
And this is full of hungry wolves.
But we can't give up on Nigaki either.
(Dog: borda) What is this?
A dog?
Maybe it's a wolf.
And it won't be in Saburo?
It is impossible.
I'm sure it's in Saburo at the inn.
Don't tell me it's at Conan's.
Conan!
What the hell are you doing here?
I told you to stay at the inn.
Stop-forgive me, please.
But I remembered what Mika told us.
That when there was that avalanche,
Saburo found him in the snow.
Isn't it true, Mika?
Is it?
Yes.
Being a dog that goes very well in the snow,
I thought he might find it in Nigaki.
And since he's come to the inn many times,
he must know his scent very well.
And so?
What have you found in Nigaki?
Yes, I found it.
And he's frozen.
What's that?
No... It can't be true!
Yoshitaka, it can't be true!
-Yoshitaka! -Don't come closer!
Look.
There's blood all over his face.
And here next to it is this blood-stained branch.
There's no doubt that this is a murder case.
And we don't have to disturb the scene any further.
-Hmm?
Murder? -It can't be.
Now don't try to act important... You're not from the police.
Yes..., I'm not a police investigator,
but I am a detective who had been a member.
I am Kogoro Mouri.
-Huh? -Ha-said Mouri?
That famous detective?
So, you know?
Do you know who killed him?
No... With the body completely frozen for this cold...,
we can't determine the approximate time of death,
and, on top of that,
the snowstorm has erased the killer's tracks.
But one thing we do know,
it's possible that the killer's clothes are stained with blood.
And it is likely that she was killed this noon.

If the blood on the face is half removed, it means that it has been in contact with something.
means she's been in contact with something.
And that she's wearing sunglasses means she was killed when the sun was shining
and the snowstorm had not yet broken.
Walking around with sunglasses on in the middle of a storm is dangerous.
I get it... You're a great detective.
Ah... Ma'am, there's no merit to this.
It's just the first step of the investigation.
Well, it's not clear to me. (Thinking) "Here we are."
Look.
Look what's inside the sunglasses.
The contact lens of the left eye has fallen out.
Donkey!
It must have fallen out when she was attacked.
Yes, but in the right eye you can't see her head, the contact lens.
Yes, that's true.
I'm sure that when the killer attacked her, she wasn't wearing her glasses.
That's why when she was hit, the lens in her right eye fell out.
I see what you mean.
The killer is a very methodical person.
"Don't take me for granted."
Couldn't it be that the killer put them on specifically?
"That's right."
But... who and why did he have to do it?
Ah, I've found something strange, Kogoro.
Take a good look at this chocolate.
She had it on top of her skirt, isn't that weird?
Hm... It says "Yoshi" on it.
W-wait a minute!
Isn't this the chocolate that Ako prepared?
Wh-why?
What's it doing here, my chocolate?
I'm sure you left it next to the body.
That's out of the question.
We all left the chocolate in the kitchen before we left.
And after we left, the Ako has been with us the whole time.
Then the killer must have taken her to bring her here.
Wait a minute, don't go so fast.
It seems that he has also tampered with the body.
There's a good chance she was taken
to make it look like the Ako did it.
We'll talk when we get to the inn and notify the police.
I doubt very much if they will come, the police.
Gee, how did you know we were here?
Ah, I heard the dog barking.
Listen, sir: what do you mean by this that the police won't come?
There has been an avalanche at the entrance of the road tunnel
that connects this inn with the foot of the mountain.
With this snow, I don't think they'll be able to get through the road until tomorrow.
What are we going to do? We're lost.
That's too bad.
If it's like this, we'll have to spend the night at the inn...
knowing that the Nigaki killer could be here, among us.
Don't look at me.
I didn't kill him.
What interest would I have?
Neither am I.
I don't mind, spending the night at the inn;
on the contrary, I find it quite exciting.
For what we spent the night for,
you can spend the night next to this guy.
When it starts to freeze, you'll become the Snow woman.
(laughs)
(Thinks) "Blood marks that have dried on him."
"Glasses that they've put on him afterwards....
"And the Ako's chocolate."
"Why did the murderer go to get the Ako's chocolate?"
"What made him do it?"
It's the picture she took in Nigaki when she was attacked.
Eh?
But how... how do you know that?
Come to think of it,
I'd say I thought I saw a suspicious man in the forest earlier.
It was a man with a woolen cap.
Black in color.
"What? With a black wool cap?"
"It can't be. It's impossible!"
And the next Conan:
"The truth of Valentine's Day, (the deductions)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

