What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
An amazing event for Valentine's Day.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "Invited by Sonoko,
"We went to the Suites Inn, in the mountain,
"to prepare chocolate for Valentine's Day."
"But on Yoshitaka Nigaki, a reporter who was staying at the inn,
"He went into the forest to look for Japanese wolves...
"And did not return."
"Worried about him, we went looking for him in the forest all together."
"But we found Nigaki's body disfigured."
"Blood marks that have dried up on him...
"Glasses that have been put on him after the fact...
"And the Ako's chocolate."
"Why did the killer go to get the Ako's chocolate specifically?"
"What made him do it?"
THE TRUTH ABOUT VALENTINE'S DAY, (DEDUCTIONS)
Really?
Okay, then.
What did they tell you?
Did the police tell you if they'd be there right away?
The avalanche was a lie, wasn't it?
No, at 8 p.m. there was an avalanche...
that left the tunnel blocked.
They suppose they can come tomorrow, but they don't know anything.
You see?
Exactly what I told you, right?
Ah, what do you know, about the chocolate?
The only chocolate that has disappeared...
from the kitchen is the Ako's.
(Cries)
Coi.
I took Nigaki's photo machine and video camera with me
to see if we could find out anything,
but the tape is about to start.
The only clue we have left is the roll of film.
But we can't have it developed until the forensic police come.
If you want to develop it and make copies, I can do it myself.
Since in Nigaki I always said that when I photographed wolves, I would like to see the photos right away.
I'd like to see the photos right away, I'll bring a developing kit.
Let me use the washroom.
I will use it as a darkroom.
Yes, yes, take it easy.
I'll help you in any way I can.
Hey, there wasn't any other film or tape in the dead guy's backpack?
in the dead guy's backpack?
As a matter of fact, yes.
But the other reel she was carrying is also about to start, like the tape.
So, she was killed before she could record anything with the camera?
Maybe she liked taking pictures more than not recording.
This is not true.
She liked to videotape things more.
Just last night she was recording everything of very nice things.
So, will you let us see these tapes?
Eh?
Yes...
He's got a lot of them, in the bag,
and I'm not sure if I'll find yesterday's tapes.
Oh, stop it.
Looking at a dead man's videotapes is...
Is there something you don't want us to see?
No, that's not the point.
I was just saying that because I find it distasteful.
You want us to watch them on the TV in the living room?
That's a good idea.
We might get more clues if we watch the tapes with the group.
I'll go get them from their room.
"(Recording: laughter)"
(Nigaki) "Oh. This is the chocolate you're giving me, pretty girl?"
"Sorry... This one is for me."
(Nigaki) "Apa, don't tell me you'll give it to someone else?"
(Think) "Watching someone else's home videos is depressing."
"You I'll make it tomorrow with the girls who come to stay at the hostel."
(Nigaki) "What do you say, now!"
"Yes, I've already brought the gift prepared for you."
Caram.
What a mess of a TV.
Come on, pull it!
(Nigaki) Eh?
Sorry it's such a mess.
It was the first thing my husband and Reiko bought.
It was their treasure.
The Reiko?
Yes, she was my husband's first wife.
She died of illness, about 12 years ago.
Ep, Saburo.
It's time for you to go to your cage.
And you married after...
Yes, after your wife's death,
this lady came to the inn as a customer.
-They understood each other immediately and stayed together.

The sweets she prepared were so good that this inn?
regained the momentum it had had
and the good name that had made it famous in the past.
Without her husband she has a hard time.
You speak of the past.
Did you also come often to this mountain inn?
No, we only came once.
Changing the subject, girl,
this fourth video we've seen is the last one?
Well... yes, it was the last of the tapes with yesterday's date on it.
"Well, this tape is about to end."
"From now on, the first big chocolate challenge will begin."
"Goodbye, everyone. Goodbye!
(Think) "It's about time. It's finally over."
You 2 do not appear in your recordings.
It is logical, master.
I arrived this morning.
And I've just arrived.
What a mess... In the end we couldn't get anything out of it.
But we were able to find out the time of death in Nigaki.
Look at this picture.
This is the picture she took in Nigaki when she was attacked.
Eh?
And how can you tell what this picture is?
You have seen that there are some kind of shadows on the photograph, right?
You can't see any of them;
Besides, this is the last photo of the roller.
These are blood stains left on the objective lens.
The shutter has probably been pulled....
when the machine has fallen because of the blow.
We can't be sure it's blood, though.
We put a new roll of film in the machine and took some pictures,
and they all show the same shadows.
In this case, it means that the machine died at noon.
(Thinking) "That's strange..."
"With the explanations that Mika has given us,
"The pieces don't fit together."
At that hour the only people who were not with us at the hostel
were the three of you.
Wait a minute.
What do you have to tell us, about the chocolate?
They weren't supposed to have it made at the inn until 8:00 in the evening.
Who could have taken it?
No one would be foolish enough
to go looking for her to go back to where the body is in the middle of the storm.
Yes, that's true, but...
It could be...
that there really...
there's someone on this mountain... besides us.
What-that there is someone?
Before I found you I saw a suspicious man in the forest.
Huh? What?
It was a man with a black woolen cap.
I thought it was a bear and fired a warning shot.
"What? A black wool cap?"
"It can't be. It's impossible!"
"A man with a black woolen cap?"
"Don't tell me this man...?"
Let me ask you a question.
This man you saw in the forest, do you know what he looked like?
Do you?
It's possible that I know him.
I don't know... I knew he was a man by the shape of his body...,
but with the glasses and the scarf he was wearing, I couldn't see his face.
That's how you saw him.
It would be Natsuya... Yes, I'm sure it was him.
It was in Natsuya.
I knew he's still alive.
We have to go look for her.
Mika...
You can't.
It's dangerous for you to go out in this snowstorm.
En-en Natsuya is waiting for me in the forest.
En-en Natsuya...
En-en Natsuya is dead.
The avalanche killed him four years ago.
(cries)
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Mika.
Excuse me... who is he, in Natsuya?
In Natsuya he was my older brother.
He disappeared 4 years ago.
Mika and my older brother were a couple.
So, the chocolate Mika prepared this noon...
Yes..., I wanted to offer it to my brother's grave.
Since he was very fond of the mountains...,
so we buried him in this lush forest.
It is next to the tombs of the former owner
and of his first wife.
And apart from the graves of the 3 of them,
in this forest there were many, many others,
"But most of them have been ruined by the forest animals."
"In fact, the only ones left with the headstones standing are these 3."
And how is it that these have not been touched?
Can you explain it to me?
I guess it's because I go to visit them every day with Saburo,
and before he died, my husband also went.
In any case, if there was someone in the forest besides us, then...
...it means that the man in the black woolen cap must be the murderer.
What does that mean?
I don't know when that boy was killed,
but whoever put the chocolate on the dead man's lap must be the killer.

The 6 of you left the chocolate at the hostel at 8:00 a.m. to go to Nigaki
to go looking in Nigaki.
Having found the body all of you, none of you could have done it.
"I have met all 6 of you next to the inn,
"Probably immediately after I went out to look for him."
To go from the hostel to the place where the body is, it takes 20 minutes.
I haven't had enough time to go and drop off the chocolate.
I couldn't do it either.
At 8 o'clock it was too far from here,
and I saw the avalanche fall on top of the tunnel entrance.
I could have heard them talking about the avalanche on the radio.
No, that's impossible.
When I called the police,
they told me that they had only recently been informed of the avalanche.
If someone could have brought the chocolate,
it could only have been one of the girls who prepared it.
Eh?
Before everyone went out to get it, you two went out.
But you guys weren't together the whole time, were you?
Eh, no... In the middle of the way we split up to go looking for it.
Yesterday I'm going to prepare a chocolate very similar to the one you made today.
He could have killed Nigaki and put that chocolate in it.
And then, sneaking the broken chocolate to you today...
when he went out to look for it with the others,
you could make it look like he had taken it.
-It's not true!
-That's impossible.
The first time we went out, it had already started to snow.
If it had died then,
there would have been snow on the photograph that was taken accidentally.
And there is blood here.
-But the chocolate... -What, you want us to compare them?
Well, look at the chocolate we've prepared.
We have the photographs.
(Kogoro) Hm... Now that I look at it,
the chocolate that was at the scene of the crime,
shows some signs that it has melted a little bit...
Yes, but no person wouldn't be able to prepare one...
with such identical lettering and arrangement.
In other words, the deductions you've made are off the mark.
Eh?
Ah... Well, better for everyone, then.
Now we know that none of us could have killed him...
and we can all go to sleep peacefully.
Well, good night, everyone.
In this case, the murderer must be the man in the black woolen cap.
But the rolling pin that was in Nigaki's machine
is the one from the photos you took between yesterday and today, right?
The reel was already completely rewound.
Couldn't they have put it in the machine later?
Then you can examine the other pictures on the reel.
As we also have the videotape that you recorded....
The clothes they are wearing in the photographs and on the videotape are the same.
In Nigaki it does not appear.
Also, these photos are taken at night.
That the last of the photos is where the shadows appear on the lens,
means that it was taken this noon, right?
Besides, we arrived yesterday,
and we didn't go outside until noon.
Just when he left and took the machine with him.
He's the only one who could have taken this photograph.
But it's possible that there was some kind of manipulation
at the time it was developed.
I haven't had any opportunity to do that,
because the Ran has been by my side while I was developing the photographs.
Right?
Uh, yes.
I didn't see her do anything strange.
Besides, she put on some gloves...
and she was careful not to leave any fingerprints on the machine or the hub.
I think by looking at the negatives,
you'd see right away if there's been any tampering.
Now that you talk about strange things, there were some black photographs.
Some black photos?
There were 2 before this one came out.
They were black and you couldn't see anything at all.
Really?
Hmm.
This must have been
because something must have covered the lens
when he clicked the shutter.
(Thinking) "I knew it."
"The photograph with the spot shadows is just a set-up."
"But I don't understand."
"What system would they have used, to make it?"
"And there's something I understand less:
"The chocolate that was on the dead man's lap?"
(Nigaki) "With the chocolate there, the amount of assembly work is useless."
(Nigaki) "It has, Saburo. The ball you like so much."
"Don't tell me that the real killer...." (Nigaki)
"Is it the man in the black woolen cap in the forest?"

(Nigaki) "Eh? How strange..."
"Last year's Saburo liked to play with this ball."
Madam: how come, this dog is called Saburo?
Because we wanted it to have a continuity
with the names Taro and Jiro,
but they died a long time ago.
-Huh?
They died? -Yes.
Taro was my husband's name,
and Jiro was a dog that was the same breed as Saburo.
After my husband's first wife died,
in Jiro got sick and died.
I would like to see a photograph of Jiro, please, ma'am.
I think there was one in my husband's photo album.
In Nigaki I used the room that had been my husband's room.
-I'll go get it myself. I'll come with you, if you don't mind.
Madam, do you have any curious customs in Saburo?
Such as going for walks outside or things like that?
No, it's always inside the inn.
He only goes outside when I go to visit my husband's grave.
He is a very smart dog.
When we get close to the grave, he goes ahead,
he starts running and stands there in front of me to wait for me.
On days when we can't go out because of a snowstorm, he doesn't eat at all.
he doesn't eat at all,
and he usually doesn't even leave a crumb.
But well, the next day, when it's nice again, he eats everything and leaves nothing.
Aaaaah.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
It was a cry from the Ako.
What happened?
It can't stay like this!
They broke into Nigaki's room and rifled through his luggage!
-What? -No, we...
We thought we'd find the key to solve the case.
Listen.
We didn't take anything at all.
Then you'll allow me to search you to check it out.
-Yes, and so much. Let's go to this room here.
(Think) "A blood-stained tracksuit."
"There's only blood on the stomach part."
It's the tracksuit he was wearing in Nigaki when he got that cut.
What was cut?
When he was trying to make the chocolate shavings with the knife.
he cut the thumb on his left hand.
It wasn't serious, but he was frightened by the blood....
"And he started to move his arms and the tracksuit got stained."
"Mrs. Yuasa took the first-aid kit...
"And in the commotion he dropped it."
"The Ako became so worried
"that he went to Nigaki's room to cry."
"I caught him because he was still."
It was the Ako who had it the hardest,
who was after him the whole time.
Wasn't he?
Oh.
I'm sorry, excuse me.
Ah, I got it!
It's this one.
You see it?
The dog on the left is on Jiro and the one on the right is on Saburo.
This is a medal that the prefecture awarded them
for their work in helping to find missing people.
Or in Saburo was it the one on the left?
(Thinking) "I knew it.... I understand this case now."
"Now I understand why there was the shadow of those blood stains.
"In the photograph that came after the 2 black photos."
"Who took the chocolate and why did he put it on the dead man's lap?"
"And then... the person who murdered in Nigaki...
"It can only be...
"...that person."
You know who the murderer is?
-Re-really, boy? -Who-who did it? -Who-who did it?
Did that man in the black woolen cap do it?
In Kogoro told me to go to the kitchen and he will explain it to you there.
(Kogoro voice) The only person who could have killed him is you!
(Shot)
(All: call out)
Don't move!
And next Conan:
"The truth of Valentine's Day, (the solution)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

