What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both of them.
What will Sonoko and Ran do?
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "Invited by Sonoko, we went to the Suites Inn,
"to prepare chocolate for Valentine's Day."
"On Yoshitaka Nigaki, a reporter who was staying at the inn,
"He went into the forest to look for Japanese wolves."
"But a snowstorm arose and he did not return."
"Worried about him, when we went to look for him in the forest,
"We found Nigaki's body leaning against a tree."
"I knew it... I understand this case now."
"Now I understand the reason for those blood stains on the photo.
"That comes after the 2 that are veiled."
"Who took the chocolate?"
"And why did he put it with the body?"
"And, on the other hand, the murderer of in Nigaki can only be....
"...that person."
THE TRUTH OF VALENTINE'S DAY, (THE SOLUTION).
(Think) "Now I need the proof."
"The proof that the murderer took the chocolate."
"Just find one piece of evidence
"That proves that person has murdered in Nigaki..."
"This is the chocolate from the Sonoko."
"The one on the side is Mika's. And Ran's..."
"Ran..."
Ep.
What are you doing here, stirring things up?
But... But what's this doing here?
Ouch!
Again... Aaaaaaaah...!
-What has the murderer discovered? -Eh... Eh?
-Who did it? -Re-really, boy?
Did the man in the black woolen cap do it?
Mr. Mouri told me he'd explain everything in the kitchen.
Come along.
Here we are, detective.
So you found out who the murderer is?
Do you already know who he is, the man in the black woolen cap?
(Kogoro voice) No.
There is no need to find out the identity of that man.
The murderer who died in Nigaki is here, among us.
- (all) What? -What do you mean?
It is impossible for any of us to have left the chocolate there!
Yes, the chocolate.
This is not the key that will make us understand this crime?
He is the key to the solution.
Sa-Saburo?
What do you mean he is the key?
You're talking about Saburo?
Yes, thanks to him, I have figured out the mystery...
of the chocolate that was in en Nigaki's skirt.
It can't be.
This dog brought the chocolate there?
If he went to look in Nigaki and left the chocolate at the inn,
that little boy took the dog with him, didn't he?
If the dog was the first to find the body,
how do you want him to take the chocolate with him?
Yes... It's true that in Saburo it was with Conan.
At least this Saburo.
"This Saburo", you say?
Yes...
I had a fly up my nose
when I saw that this Saburo liked the Daruma figurine
and rounded things.
"Although the video looked like he wasn't interested in them."
"And then, I remembered that in Saburo accompanied the former owner....
"When he visited his wife's grave."
I was intrigued by the fact
that it was the only tomb that had not been spoiled by animals.
And a very simple hypothesis has occurred to me.
That in Saburo he watched over the tomb of the first wife...
"Of the former owner of the boarding house all day long."
Ha-ha-ha!
What's up, man?
How do you want him to guard the grave,
if he spent the nights in the cage he has?
Yes, it would be impossible if only... there was a dog.
-What? -What? -What? -What?
You would know, madam.
Her husband had told her that Jiro had died 12 years ago.
Besides, Jiro and Saburo were identical.
I should have realized it when I saw the cavities and the traces
that were in the areas that had fallen apart.
There are 2 Saburos,
and the marks that were on the chocolate

show that she has been bitten by a dog.
In fact, the other dog is in Jiro.
"Every time she came to visit the grave...
"They would pass the relay to guard it."
In Jiro he pretended to be dead
because he wanted to please the owner by taking care of the graves.
Now I understand.
So what they did was to eat every other day...
And when there was a snowstorm and we couldn't visit the tombs, we didn't eat anything because they hadn't been able to visit the tombs,
they didn't eat anything because they hadn't been able to relieve themselves...
So, the wolves you saw in Nigaki 5 years ago....
Most likely they were in Jiro or in Saburo
and probably wanted to bring chocolate to the people who were lost.
Ordinary gossots wouldn't do that, that.
No, they are not ordinary gossots.
They are magnificent mountain rescue dogs.
They were even awarded a medal of honor
for saving so many lives.
"Once they find the victim,
"They give him chocolate because of the high nutritional value it has,
"Because they're trained this way."
"He could have this behavior in seasons like this,
"That the inn is stocked with chocolate to prepare the sweets."
"The bloodstain running down his face was interrupted.
"Because he was convinced that he had lost his way."
"And the dog has licked him for waking him up."
If he took the dog, the murder could have been committed by anyone.
What the hell are you saying?
That he hasn't seen her?
We have that photograph with the shadow of the blood stains...
the moment when the murderer attacked her.
The murderer must be one of you, who have no alibi!
Don't you find it strange, that photograph?
Eh?
That photograph was the last one in the reel
and then it was rewound, wasn't it?
While the murderer was committing the murder,
he probably felt the film rewind.
But even so, the murderer did not want to take the camera roll with him,
even though there was a possibility that it might appear in the photographs.
-It's true... -But why?
Because those photographs were not taken
"At the exact moment the murder was committed."
"Those photographs were taken in Nigaki at noon while he was half-distracted."
"He took them without realizing that the lens was smeared with blood."
You mean the moment he cut himself with the kitchen knife?
Yes.
The evidence that proves it is the interrupted blood stain
on the tracksuit he was wearing.
It's likely that he was wearing the camera around his neck
and got blood on it.
The killer had Nigaki take some photographs with the lens of the camera
with the lens stained with blood.
And then, it has quoted him the night in that place,
put the glasses back on and gave him a fatal blow.
She wanted to make it look like she had been killed at noon.
The only person who could have killed him is you, Ako Amari!
It can't be.
A-l'Ako?!
She can't be the murderer.
It's a lie!
She...
When we went to look for him, the storm had already started,
but it was still early.
That's why she hurried to look for him.
The snowstorm was getting stronger and stronger
and if she returned to the inn before she found it,
his plans would have gone down the drain.
In addition, there were 2 black photographs....
before the photograph of the bloodstains
to make this the last one on the roller.
If there had been 3 of different ones with those stains,
it would have looked strange.
After committing the crime,
he must have changed the reel and tapes for virgin ones because of it.
But he could have done me, this setup.
No.
The only person who could have done it is the Ako.
In order to carry out the montage with the stains on the camera
once the murder was committed,
"It was necessary to previously remove the spare rollers that were in the backpack."
"Because if the other rollers were found," he said,
"You wouldn't know what the blood stains would look like."
Yes, you have been the one who has taken care of him,
and no other person...
could not have taken the rollers out of him without him noticing.
That's the way it is.
Will you let us see it, the videotape that you took with you...
and that he got rid of after the murder?
The images he recorded in the midst of the storm

on her way to the place where she met him.
He was kind enough to carry it.
It was thought that it had fallen out of the bag where he was carrying the tapes.
We have not yet checked the contents of the tape,
but it's probably...
the tape showing what happened four years ago.
That tape probably...
That's it.
There you see the scene where my older brother...
"Who could barely move,
"And the former owner who was looking to help him,
"They were caught in an avalanche of snow."
It's a cruel tape
that I kept recording from a remote location.
Don't tell me you were recording them and didn't help them!
Yes...
Because my brother didn't want me and Yoshitaka to go out together.
I found that tape when I was in Yoshitaka's room looking through his luggage to get some clothes for him to wear.
looking through his luggage to get clothes for him to change into.
"When I saw the date 4 years ago on the tape,
"I thought it was the gift I wanted to give and looked at it."
Then, after you cried over the tape....
But...
it would never have occurred to me that in Saburo I would bring you my chocolate.
Who knows if in Saburo she found out that I had died...
Although I really loved her.
Yes, I loved her with all my heart.
You did a foolish thing.
You couldn't know if Nigaki was the one who filmed that.
Yes, I do know.
There are two very loud noises,
and when you see the avalanche you hear his voice on the tape:
"I'm sorry, Tetsuya. I'm staying your sister."
(Think) "2 very loud noises? Wait a minute, it was...!"
(Gunshot)
The noise on the tape is this, right?
That's right.
That avalanche was caused by us.
We took your brother for a wolf and shot him.
In Nigaki he told us to come here so we could give him money.
We knew that the tape must be where his corpse was...
and that if you found bullet wounds on the body you would be off the hook.
-T'agraïm that you took her instead of us.
It is clear that today I wanted to reprimand those of us who caused the avalanche
and we already came with the idea of eliminating him.
Everyone stand by the detective's side!
"What do I do?"
"I've already used up the anesthetic dart and I'm not wearing the special slippers."
Let's see... What could we cook?
(Think) "Please..., someone help us..."
"Otherwise, I won't be able to give the chocolate to Makoto..."
You, the one with the brown hair.
Stab your friend with the knife behind you.
Eeeeh ?!
Come on, don't make me beg.
(Door: knock-knock)
(Knock-knock)
Hey.
Who's there?
-Come on.
Go take a look. Hey, yeah...
Hey, who's there?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Hey, who are you?
Who are you?
Quiet, where are you!
Don't move!
I told you not to move, you bastard!
-You mustn't move... -Nothing will happen.
If I concentrate on the direction of the barrel
and on the movements of the hand on the trigger, I dodge the bullet.
Shut up!
Do not despise me!
-I don't mean to belittle you for nothing.
I'm just telling the truth.
Damn it!
Well, if you can dodge it, go ahead, dodge it!
You see?
-Mi-Makoto! -Damn you!
I'm here!
I'm here!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Oooooh...
(Thinking) "That's too bad..."
Makoto: What are you doing here?
I came to check what that guy you like so much is like.
I wanted to see if he's a suitable man for you.
Eeeeeh?
Don't play dumb.
I'm talking about the boy you made him the sweater and the cup of tea.
Now you've prepared the chocolate to give him, haven't you?
Come on, say where it is!
Where is he, that lucky man?
This boy is you.
Eh?
Do you see him?
I'll explain it to you:
he left half the sweater and made you a cup of tea.
Didn't he send it to you?
Ah, but the... wasn't it a vase?
Has the misunderstanding been cleared up?
Yes... Well, um...
Then... I'll be going now.
Wait a moment.
Since you've come, you'll accept my chocolate, won't you?
You have some.
Ah... Thank you very much...
"Blow. Sonoko's strategy has worked."
By the way, Sonoko:
this animal print you're wearing doesn't weigh me down....
Are you sure?
"I'm so glad, Sonoko."
(Off) "It became daylight, and finally the police arrived."

"The tragedy of that mountain vanished like the snowstorm."
"And February 14 came."
How come you didn't write anything, chocolate?
I wanted to write it later on the sly.
Well, now I have to go see Makoto off at the airport.
Cheer up, girl!
Good bye.
(Thinking) "Sonoko..., I won't write anything...
"Because even if I give her the Valentine's Day gift...
"After this special date,
"I won't be able to convey my feelings to her..."
"I can't write the name of a person I don't even know where for."
I'm home!
Maybe I should give the father this chocolate.
Ran, you're very strong.
"I wish I was really strong..."
Donkey, don't cry... Don't cry!
(cries)
"Hey, who put my coat over me?"
Wow, it's snowing!
Oh, no.
It's already this time?
I have to start making dinner.
Ah, I have a message...
With a picture?
Eh?
What's the meaning of this?
This is me!
"I'll take the face you make when you sleep. The boy detective?"
(Ring)
Ah, say.
(Ring) "Good evening. I'm the boy detective."
Shi-Shinichi?
Shinichi, you were here?
"Yes, until a while ago..."
Instead of fooling around, you could have woken me up!
"I'm sorry. I was sleeping so soundly that you were drooling and everything."
Drool?
Oh, I forgot:
while I was waiting, I felt like eating it.
I'm talking about the chocolate that was on the table.
"But it was very curious. How come it was shaped like a peach?"
De-de-fishing?
"Well, it didn't taste like a peach, but it was really good."
Was it really?
Yes.
It's the best I've ever had.
Listen, uh...
"Where did you buy it, this chocolate?"
You want to know?
I'm not going to tell you.
It's from a very... special store that only I know.
Well...
Hey, Shinichi, that "boy detective" thing is a little cold.
(Thinking) "I knew it."
(Ding-dong)
(Ding-dong) Yes, yes.
Wait a moment, please.
You see, I have a client coming to see me!
Let's see what case you propose to me, today...
What's smoke from me?!
If you have it at home, try to do it yourself!
I am detective Kogoro Mouri!
I'm not in the mood for such romances!
Do you want us to find it for you, the watch you are looking for?
And the next Conan:
"The Forgotten Memory of Crime, (part one)"
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

