What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
The Junior Detective League is looking for a watch.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Children: laugh)
Oh.
How cute!
Look, this is me.
-They look just like us.
Can we really keep them, these chocolates?
Yes.
I made them for you when I was at the mountain inn.
I hope you like them.
But when did you make them?
I didn't see you had them on the board.
I prepared them first to do some tests
and I put them in the fridge.
I'm going to get some tea for you. (Children) Yes!
Judging by how sad she looks,
she's been drinking this chocolate stuff to mask her mood.
(Shinichi voice) Eh?
How can you tell she's sad?
Because the author's soul is reflected in his work.
Look at these chocolates, please.
They are smiling, but they have a sad expression on their faces.
Well, now that you mention it...
(He thinks) "It's a sad face that is about to cry.
"And it's trying to contain itself so it doesn't sink."
"She's making a big effort."
When you say things like that, you even look like a girl.
Oops... That I look like a boy to you?
THE FORGOTTEN MEMORY OF CRIME, (PART ONE)
Mmm!
It's so good!
It's true!
It's like store-bought chocolate.
(Wringing his neck)
Would you mind, stop calling?
I have to concentrate on work.
Excuse me, excuse me... We'll be back as soon as you bring us the red tea.
Are you really working now, Mr. Mouri?
-Because we understand you always sleep.
Silly.
Now I'm listening to a tape a client gave me.
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
(Radio) "The horse race is starting..."
-What is this?
-Horse racing?
Eh... Eh... No, it's that...
(Ding-dong)
Uh... (Ding-dong) Wait a minute...
See?
I have a client coming to see me.
People come to the agency from all over Japan to ask me to look into things.
I don't have time to waste, me.
Let's see what case they propose to me, today...
Welcome, welcome.
Ah, no... this...
He wanted me to find a wristwatch that I lost.
Ah, well...
The watch belongs to your late wife?
Yes.
I gave it to my wife many years ago.
It's winding and it's quite old.
Why do you want me to look for it right now?!
-Your wife is dead, isn't she? -That's what the pawn flight is.
No... It's just that I've started having terrible nightmares every night.
I look at her and she says: "What time eeee? What time eeee?"
This must be an exhaustion thing.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he....
I think so too, but still....
Where did he go, the day he lost it?
Or did a burglar break into your house?
No, surely I must have it at home.
What's that?
It's just that my wife was very absent-minded.
Once she left a lipstick under a diary...
I thought that if I found the watch she would rest in peace.
Will you smoke me out?!
If you have it at home look for it to make it yourself mateeeeix!
But-but I'm as absent-minded or more than my wife!
Hey, I'm Detective Kogoro Mouri!
I'm not in the mood for such romances!
What did you think?!
What?
Kogoro Mouri?
The famous Sleeping Kogoro?
Mr. Mouri wants to get out of the job.
It seems as if the agency has reserved the right of admission.
A case is a case.
Ah, but if he's so desperate to find this watch...
No, that's not necessary.
I'll ask someone else.
I saw the sign from the street and I went in without thinking.
I'll see you later.
They've gone somewhere else.
Sir.
Do you want us to find it for you, the watch you're looking for?
Eh?
Naturally, we won't charge you anything for the job.
Aaah...
(League) Sorry for the inconvenience.
Oh, what beautiful flowers!
(Agasa) But they're... a little wilted.
Yes.
It's an ikebana that my wife made before she died...
I change the water every day, but as the days go by...

Then she must not have died long ago, his wife.
No.
She died three weeks ago.
It was in a traffic accident.
(Door, open)
-What's in this room? (Door, open) - Not here!
Oh, it's amazing!
It's full of audiovisual equipment!
-What a big TV!
It's like a miniature cinema!
Is the Gomera movie in English?
Yes.
I went to the United States just to buy it.
Videotapes, LD, DVD, a decoder receiver,
a selector and a TV screen.
The table is full of remote controls.
On the floor are all of movie brochures.
No wonder I lose things.
No, this is the only room in the house that is cluttered.
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
(Doorbell: ding-dong) -Hey?
Looks like you have visitors.
-Yes..., I think so.
(Ding-dong)
(Ding-dong) Come on.
Have you got everything?
Well... I've only... been able to collect 5 million.
5 million?!
So, there's still 15 more to go.
I'll pay you when I sell this apartment to get more money.
Oh, right...
I'm sorry, it looks like I'm doing it outside.
This is my way of thanking you
for having the patience to wait for me to give you the rest of the money.
I found the movie you were looking for: "Sanjuro los cerezos".
Oh, really?
It won't do you any good if you watch it on the wide screen you have.
No, I don't mind.
(Door, open)
What are they doing here, these kids?
Ah, don't worry.
Come, children.
In this room we'll look later.
Ah, when you're done watching,
would you mind returning it to the video store across from the station?
The store considers it a rarity and I have to return it soon.
No problem.
Anyway, I was just about to leave the house.
Here, have fun with the film.
I am very grateful to you.
I'll take it as interest on the money I left you.
Where could we keep looking?
Ah... We could look in the living room.
(TV: male) "Secret Sword. Snowstorm of Cherry Trees."
"Cherry trees!"
What an exaggeration, this lady has the volume on full blast.
But it looks like a very funny movie.
Let's get on with it.
If we don't hurry, it'll be dark.
Eh, yes.
But, Haibara, we've already looked and looked in all the rooms,
and we still haven't found it.
I'm so hungry I can't even move.
Would you like me to make some sandwiches?
I happen to be the owner of a cafeteria in town.
Since I have all the ingredients to make,
I want to make some sandwiches to thank you for helping me.
-Yay! How nice!
Excuse me, is there anything I can help you with?
No, don't worry, I can make them myself.
Then we'll keep looking for the clock
until I've finished the sandwiches.
(At the same time) SIII!
You have.
Eat to your heart's content.
-Oh.
What a good face they make!
-These are some nice sandwiches.
You can tell he's a professional.
Excuse me, can I take a plate to Mrs. Idetsuki?
I'll bring it to her myself.
Yes.
I'm coming too.
Well, guys.
Thank you.
(TV: man) "Don't be ridiculous."
(touch-touch)
"Your sword is blinded by desire and greed."
We brought him a cup of tea and some sandwiches.
"You can never win."
Xxxt.
Now comes the most interesting part.
Leaving everything on the table.
Yes.
"In Sanjuro is already here!"
He said if the snack was good?
No.
He said the most exciting part was coming and that he would snack afterwards.
Well, he likes movies a lot, so I understand.
What is it, this bundle?
Laundry.
I take it to a neighborhood laundromat.
But there's a washing machine in the bathroom.
Ah, that machine is complicated to operate and I don't know how it works.
Sir.
Your wife always wore her watch, by casaulitat?
Yes, she liked it very much and wore it every day,
until she lost it the day before the accident.
Guys, she never took it off.
But when he took a good bath he should have taken it off, right?
Conan!
Oh!
I found the watch!
And it still works!
What's that?
Look at it.
Oh, thank you very much!
This is my wife's watch!
Sure, she probably took it off before taking a bath,

and without realizing it he was to put it in the washing machine with the clothes.
(He thinks) "No way. This watch wasn't lost."
"So how do you understand?"
"Why should he have lied to us?"
(Cracks)
"Something's broken."
(Sliders)
"And now I feel runners.... No, it can't be!"
-Hey, what was that, this noise? - (door slamming)
"Now I can feel the door slamming shut."
"The vase is gone?"
-What... what happened?
-Hey, Conan, what is it?
Oh!
Oooh!
Mrs. Idetsuki!
(Takagi) The murder weapon is a vase with flowers and water in it.
Most likely, the enemy took the vase
and approached the victim from behind to strike him.
He died from the blow.
The victim is Mrs. Eiko Idetsuki, 46 years old.
She is a neighbor of this very building.
And so?
The owner of this apartment is you, Mr. Hideo Morita.
What was your relationship with the victim?
Uh... Some time ago, I asked her for a loan,
y... today he came here so that I had to pay him back.
Aside from paying him back,
I left him a movie and he said he wanted to see it.
And it happened in the audiovisual room.
And when they heard the sound of the vase breaking, they came...
and they saw that he was on the floor and blood was coming out of his head, is that right?
The film that Mrs. Idetsuki was watching is the one on this tape
she was holding in her left hand.
And judging by the mark on the remote control,
the player she used is the same one.
Oh.
Is it "Sanjuro the Cherry Blossoms"?
What a memory!
Oh.
Inspector Megre: you know it, the film?
Yes.
Its sentence was:
"The path to follow must be as beautiful as a flower,
"And you have to live a life... (Mitsuhiko) Being strong as an oak."
-He said it like that, didn't he? -We felt it.
-I had the volume too loud while watching the movie.
What-what the hell are you guys doing here?
We had come to help that gentleman look for something.
The wristwatch that Mr. Morita's wife lost the day before she died.
the day before her death.
-Conan has already found it, while he was looking at the laundry in the washing machine.
Why did you ask the children to look for his watch?
At first I asked detective Mouri,
but he didn't want to do anything about it.
And Dr. Agasa and the children wanted to help me.
I understand.
So, detective Mouri didn't come?
Hm.
Hm?
What's wrong?
No.
I was saying that we had to ask Mouri to check something.
Hm... The fact that the tape is rewound all the way means...
that it has been automatically rewound when the film was finished
and that the victim was attacked from behind
at the moment he was taking the tape out of the player.
Excuse me: where were you at that moment?
I would say it was the bathroom at the time.
Yes, you are telling the truth.
When we heard the sound of the vase breaking,
Conan had found the watch and the gentleman was with us.
Then we felt a slide down the corridor
and the main door closing.
The murderer is an outsider.
(Takagi) Mr. Morita was with you all the time?
No, in the middle of the afternoon he went to the kitchen to make sandwiches.
In the kitchen?
And where is it?
It's at the back of this room.
It's right here.
Hm.
Doctor Agasa: where were you at the time?
I was in the living room with the children.
Well..., by opening the sliding door to the kitchen,
you can go directly to the room where the corpse is.
Yes.
Besides, from where they were, you can't see this spot.
He may have snuck through here. What does that mean, Inspector?
In other words,
that the breakage of the vase, the sliding and the door closing
could be a recording that you would have made beforehand.
I could make it look like I was in the kitchen preparing the sandwiches
and in the meantime go out, open Mrs. Idetsuki's head...
and then arrange everything so that the recording would start.
If she watched the movie with the volume turned up high,
the sound could cover up the noise of the vase hitting her.
B-but I...

But this is impossible.
They have seen that there are sandwiches and a cup of tea in the room.
Ayumi and I have gone to take everything to Mrs. Idetsuki.
"But we saw that she was watching the movie as normal."
"And we found the body after hearing the vase break."
Until that moment, Mr. Morita has been with us.
Ah, now I understand!
Inspector Megre.
We've finished questioning all the people in the building.
Hm.
The victim, Mrs. Idetsuki,
had lent money to other neighbors in the building,
and if they were late in repaying her loan,
she kept some of those people's valuables
as interest.
Therefore, she was a person they did not think highly of.
And from what we have been able to find out,
the other neighbors also knew that she was here today.
What? Because of the volume of the film.
She often came over to watch and played them at a very high volume.
That's good.
So, if they knew where she was,
we could be talking about an outside assailant.
Start investigating people who have asked her for a loan.
Yes! Yes!
If it was someone from the outside,
there's no point in you intervening.
No.
It's very likely that Mr. Morita is the killer.
Is that so?
You said earlier that it's impossible for him to have committed the crime.
Yeah, but don't you find it strange?
How do you mean, that a wind-up watch...
that was lost 3 weeks ago continues to run normally?
If you don't wind them,
these clocks go, at most, 50 hours;
then they stop.
It is impossible for it to keep going after 3 weeks.
So, don't tell me that this watch....
Yes, it was just an excuse to make us come here....
He probably wanted to set up an alibi.
(He thinks) "But if one thing is true...
"It's that he wasn't in that room at the time of the crime."
"The problem is that we've seen him in the kitchen for 2 or 3 minutes."
"Nor did I see him do anything suspicious when we found the body."
"It seems practically impossible for him to have committed this crime."
(Takagi) By the way, Mr. Morita:
did you see anyone suspicious near Mr. Mouri when he was at the agency?
-No, in fact No. Oh, no?
Very well, thank you.
Excuse me, Inspector Takagi, why did he ask you this?
Ah, no reason...
Inspector Megre isn't sure
if he has to tell Mr. Mouri what's going on.
There is a person who secretly investigates everything he does.
What is it?
It's just that someone snuck away the dossiers
where the documentation of all the cases
that Mr. Mouri has solved so far as a private detective.
Both in Matsumoto, which is in charge of the file of the attestations,
as well as those in charge of court proceedings,
had not noticed anything unusual in his work.
But last night all the files were sent to the head office.
In an envelope with no return address.
And then?
Do you know when they disappeared?
Let's see, it seems to me that they were taken...
the day you were involved in the hijacking of that bus.
We've investigated whether any of those people
had anything against Mouri that would induce them to attack him,
but... we found absolutely nothing,
and now we don't know which way to turn.
Nor do we know whether to put police surveillance around him.
But who knows, maybe it was a minor prank.
Anyway, if you ever see anyone suspicious near Mr. Mouri,
call the police right away, okay?
Yes, understood.
"No..., the person they are targeting is not in Kogoro."
"It could be that..."
"It could be that the person they were investigating was..."
Guys... (sniffs)
Don't you notice a strange smell?
Now that you mention it, it smells like burning.
-And it must not be coming from this electric oven? -Yes.
Of course it is.
The stench is coming from in here.
Hey, hey, hey!
There's a sandwich left.
Can I eat it?
You're a glutton.
(thinks) "I got it. So that was it?"
And the next Conan:
"The Forgotten Memory of Crime, (part two)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakerebabaaa....

ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

