What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
How will the killer react when we replay the facts?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Futari dake no toki
itsumo Iena kara.
Chiisana kiss toki wo tomete...
Kono mama need you love tonight.
Sagashite ita Unmei no Shunkan wo
deatta kimi to Futari!
Omoidasu yuki no hoomu
kimi no kage ga chiisakunaru!
Zutter... Anata ni ageruyo winter bello!
Mado ni Tsumoru yuki ga!
Futari no chikazukeru yo day by day
imaaaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Yozora ni todoku yo winter bello!
Imaaaaaaa... dakishimete!
Koshi... Furu yoru yoru niiiii!

(Off) "As in Kogoro refused,
"We went to look for Hideo Morita's watch."
"When we were looking for en Morita's watch in his apartment,
"came Eiko Idetsuki, a neighbor of the same building,
"who went into the audio-visual room
"To watch a movie."
"Then, we found the watch while looking in the washing machine."
"And at that time..."
(Cracking)
"We heard the sound of a vase being broken..." (Cracked)
"In the audio-visual room."
"It was very likely that the murderer...
"was Mr. Morita."
"It seemed practically impossible... that he could have committed the crime."
"Then how had he done it to her, to murder her?"
"But there was something else that had me worried."
There is a person who is dedicated to investigating Mr. Mouri on the sly.
What?
Someone has taken the dossiers
where the documentation of all the cases
that Mr. Mouri has solved so far... as a private detective.
And then?
Do you know when they disappeared?
Let's see, let me think, it seems to me that...
they were taken the day
you were involved in the hijacking of that bus.
(Think) "No, the person they are targeting is not in Kogoro."
"It could be that..."
"It could be that the person they are investigating is..."
THE FORGOTTEN MEMORY OF THE CRIME, (PART 2)
Shinichi: What did Inspector Takagi tell you?
What did Inspector Takagi tell you?
Ah, nothing.
It was of no importance.
(Ai) I knew it.
You don't want to tell us anything.
Hm?
Look who's talking.
You don't explain anything either.
(Ai) It's true.
Shinichi: So it's true, that you're hiding something from us?
Eh, no, it's not that.
(Thinking) "When your sense of justice is awakened,
"you set out to seek the truth without thinking about the consequences,
"and you take all the responsibility on your shoulders
"To avoid hurting someone."
"This reckless adolescent temperament...
"Is so interesting that it's hard to believe...,
"But I guess you already know that."
"As she and we continue with that immaculate perfume,
"You make all the stench of danger concentrate on your person...
"Kudo."
Guys... (sniffs)
Don't you notice a strange smell?
Now that you mention it, it smells like burning.
-And shouldn't it be coming from this electric oven? -Yes.
Of course it is.
The stench is coming from in here.
But there's nothing.
Conan.
(Ayumi) These are dried flowers.
It looks more like they were thrown away because they had wilted.
(Thinks) "Maybe it's in another room."
(Ayumi) "Damn it."
"It's not something so easy to hide."
"But how can this be?"
Ah!
There's a sandwich left.
Can I eat it?
(laughs) Genta, you're a glutton!
"A sandwich..."
(laughs) "Wait!"
"Could it be that..."
"I've got it. Sure!"
"So that's what it was? I knew it. This was a set-up!"
"In this case, in the AV room..."
Hm?
Conan, what's wrong?
It's... it's just that we came here earlier to fly a paper airplane,
and now I wanted to pick it up.
Where is it, the plane?
Behind the curtain above that television.
Please, take me! All right, all right.
Now I'll get it for you.
"Every time I get the idea that he's a smart nano,
"I get one of these..."
Conan.
He's not here.
I don't see any paper airplanes anywhere.
Oh, it's full of machines in here!
Huh? (Laughs)
That's so cool!
Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Downloading here. Uh, yeah.
Geez, he's got a stack of video players in here.
Yes... The ones that get old or break down I leave upstairs.

Conan, enough.
A timer?
Come down here, Conan.
(Thinking) "I get it.... So was this?"
"Mrs. Idetsuki has watched the movie
"Not knowing that it would be the last one she would watch forever."
"Not realizing that the ruthless story would end up happening
"that Mr. Morita had planned."
(Phone)
(Ring)
(Ring tone)
Shinichi, I've already explained everything.
Yes?
So what did Inspector Megre tell you?
That it's a very interesting deduction and that he will cooperate with us.
That's perfect.
Now it's your turn, boys.
Do exactly what I told you to do, okay?
(At the same time) Yessssss!
You make a worried face that you can't disguise.
Are you worried about what might happen to your girlfriend?
I don't know what Inspector Takagi told you,
but I hope your common sense doesn't fail you again.
and you don't have the joke of explaining to her who you are and what happened.
I understand that it must have made quite an impression on you
that he gave you chocolate.
Donkey.
I wasn't as impressed as you think I was.
Because it turns out I didn't tell him anything at all.
Eh?
But, Shinichi, you accepted the chocolate that Ran gave you.
So that's a pretty clear answer.
But she won't want to see me anymore.
If I had said anything out of line,
she'd be even more disgusted at the idea of seeing me again.
I'm a despicable boy who only makes her wait for nothing
and I can't even appear before her to ask her for anything.
I never want to see her cry again.
Even if it means
letting my memory disappear from her heart.
Ha-ha-ha.
Now I should start laughing like a child, shouldn't I?
"It's painful... for both of us."
What?
That they stole something?
Did they really? You're right.
You can get up on your feet now.
Something very strange has disappeared.
-The killer's real intention was to commit a robbery.
Come to the kitchen, please.
Mr. Morita, you come too.
Yes... Right away.
So, guys?
What did the thief steal, if I may ask?
Això. A bowl?
No.
What the thief has stolen is not the bowl...,
he stole the bottom of the bowl.
You see?
They have the same size and the same drawing,
but this one here has no bottom, right?
That's right.
Ah, the bowls were already like that when we bought them.
It looks like they were defective from the factory.
Inspector, whenever you want.
We've already prepared everything.
Pre-prepared, you say?
We would like you to be present as well.
It's a very simple reconstruction of how the events unfolded.
Then let's go to the room where Mrs. Idetsuki died, please.
Come in.
Come in. Yes.
Oh... Oh...
(Think) "The video... the video player is on?"
Mm?
Is there anything wrong with the players on top of the shelf?
No, there's nothing wrong with the players...
It's just that before, these tapes weren't here.
I'm sorry.
We just left them up here for a little while.
-There are so many... -Of course.
Let's see: the film that Mrs. Idetsuki was watching is over;
the tape was rewound,
and when she went to take it out of the player
the murderer attacked her from behind.
We will do the reconstruction of the events as they took place, okay?
What?
Well, the murderer will be Inspector Takagi,
and the role of the victim could be played by you, Dr. Agasa.
Uh, is that...
Hm?
Is something wrong?
Well... No, nothing's wrong... I'll do it, as a victim.
Mrs. Idetsuki watched the videos here often,
so it's better if it's someone who knows the room well.
(laughs)
Yes, you're right.
You do it, please.
First of all, you have to put the videotape in the player below.
The victim watched the film alone sitting on the couch.
Wasn't she?
Yes.
And when the victim finished watching the film, he rewound it.
What's wrong with it?
Rewinding it, please.
Ah. (chuckles)
Yes.
While rewinding the tape,
the killer came up behind her with the vase in his hands.
And when she went to take the tape out of the player...
she lifted the vase.
Mr. Morita.
Afan s.

Take the tape, please!
Ah..., yes, right away...
OK, let's see...
Let's see...
Hey...
Why don't you use the remote control?
Yes, the remote control you carry.
There's a button to remove the tape, right?
Oh, it just so happens...
Well, I'll try to get it out.
AAAAAAAAA!
Eeeh?
Eh?
The video tapes upstairs won't fall through,
because I've changed the coding of the remote control
of the video player upstairs.
(Agasa voice) That is to say, Mr. Morita,
that the murder you have committed has gone like this:
you have made the same remote control work both for the video below,
which was what you often used, as well as for the one on the top shelf.
"Then you inserted a tape in the player on the top shelf."
"And he has put the vase in the place where the tape was supposed to come out."
"He put it on top of a videotape so that it would be unstable
"and it could fall off quite easily."
"Then all he had to do was draw the curtains and he had it ready."
"He used that film as bait
"so that Mrs. Idetsuki would feel like watching it
"and come into this room."
"If I told her to rewind it and take it back to the video store,
"She could be sure that when the film was over...
"She'd pull the tape out with the remote,
"and that the tape from the top player would come out and drop the vase."
"So the vase would fall on her head when she picked up the tape."
In other words, if she often came here to watch movies,
you knew how she used to do things
and could find the right moment to make the vase fall on her like that.
The video player on the top shelf
has a device that automatically reinserts the tape if it finds the slightest pressure.
if it encounters the slightest pressure.
And if that tape has a broken tab,
it automatically starts playing the one on the tape.
- "(slides) - (slam)"
Immediately after feeling the spoilage of the vase
you felt the slider and the sound of the door closing, which you had recorded
that you had recorded beforehand.
In this way you have made it appear that the murderer was an outsider.
"You wanted to make the montage with the video below.
"Because the vase traveled a greater distance."
"And the timer switched off the player above."
So even if the police opened the curtain, he wouldn't suspect anything.
He would have realized by now that we've figured it all out.
The vase in the hallway... (Genta) It was these bowls.
She stacked two of them like this and put them in the hallway, right?
And you have taken them to the kitchen when you were preparing the sandwiches
and left them on the shelf of the bowls anyway.
These are the flowers in the vase.
He has put them in the oven to get them marked and thrown them away.
Poor things, they were the flowers so dear to his wife.
These flowers were not my wife's.
Mrs. Idetsuki brought them on the day of the funeral.
They were completely out of place...
At home we could no longer afford to buy flowers.
Eh?
For the stock.
That wretch took my wife on the sly...
and induced her to ask her for an exorbitant loan
to buy some stocks that Mrs. Idetsuki had recommended to her.
Thus, your wife's traffic accident...
Yes, the day after he told me about the stock issue...
...she drove her car off a cliff.
The only thing he left me with his letter was his watch.
"This is the last thing I would ever want to destroy."
and he left without his watch.
That's why, that's why I wanted...
that the flowers of the wretched woman who killed my wife be branded,
to be burned!
(cries)
Come on, we'll talk about it at the police station.
But..., poor things, they were not to blame.
They were such pretty flowers....
I could have let them get prettier....
This is totally unfair.
It's true.
I'm going home.
Goodbye.
(thinks) "Yes... Flowers are weak and ephemeral..."
"Though they try to avoid the rain and the wind
"And try to play the brave,
"Flowers love the sunlight and end up withering..."
"But when the storm comes it does them no good to be exuberant."
"You know this..., don't you, Kudo?"
(Telephone: ringtone)

(Thinking) "Damn it! Nobody gets on. Coi!"
Ran!
Kogoro!
(TV) "Please, sisplaaaaaaau!"
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
"Let me marxaaaaaaaar!"
"It's true!"
"Dinner! He must be preparing!"
Ran!
Ran!
"Dinner is half-finished..."
"They left the TV in the office running..."
"No, it can't be!"
Someone is busy investigating Mr. Mouri on the sly.
"Don't tell me..., don't tell me that they..."
(He thinks) "What is this? There's something written on the envelope."
"A circle, an X and a triangle?"
"There are 58 suspects."
"And the only clue we have is the circle, the cross and the triangle."
"This is very interesting."
And the next Conan:
"The riddle of the abbreviations, (part one)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakerebabaaaaaa....
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

