What's in the heart is a mystery.
Stars and snow shine for both.
What does a cross mean?
What case is behind the message?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futari katatta mira ni.
Kimi to ibasho ga aru you ni.
Oh baby, I can not stop my love for you!
Kimi no Subete ni Natte su tsunaida té shinjite
aruite yuku to chikau yoooo.
Daikirai nante uso demo iwanai KEDO
Daisuki datte uso nanka ya iwanai kara he.
AENA toki sae kimi wa nanimo kangaeru yoyuu mo nai Kurai.
Kono kokoro wo hitorijime ni surun Dakara!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futatsu no ay ga hanarete
shimawanai you ni Hitotsu ni dieteeee.
Soredemo Fuan na yoru wa otozureru mono Dakara me.
Sonna toki wa gyutto oogesaaaa ni dakishimete iteeee!
(Think) "I've seen it once..."
"Sure I've seen it sometime..."
"But where coi have I seen him, this man in the black woolen cap?"
"Besides, what makes him, that he has this feeling?"
"When I try to remember him,
"I feel like it all has to fall on me."
"Yes..., and that time... that time....
"I felt an anguish that resembled that feeling."
Ran.
Hey, Ran.
Ran!
Ep, Ran.
- (footsteps: approaching) -Oh, no.
Sonoko, what did you want? (thinks) "Too late."
(American accent) Hey, Mouri.
What, Ran Mouri?
You mean you were listening to my lesson?
(Thinking) Eh?
Ah, yes, uh... (American accent): Sure.
So... tell me something.
Do you know what it means, this symbol that's... on the blackboard?
Eh?
It's a...
a... think...
Oh, sorry, an X, right?
(Students: laugh)
Ah... Ran, you're over the moon...!
(School bell)
(School bell) Oh!
The class is over.
Mouri, for the next class I want you to think about what that must mean.
You have to find the right answer, okay?
It's a symbol with a lot of charm
that all proper women should know about.
Uh, yes...
THE ENIGMA OF ABBREVIATIONS, (PART ONE)
Hm?
An X?
Also, you say it has a special meaning?
Yes.
Miss Jody spoke at the end of class.
She says it's a symbol with lots and lots of charm.
Come on, Ran, don't waste your time.
You won't get anything out of asking this little boy.
But you know that sometimes Conan knows the strangest things.
This is true.
(Thinking) "An X..., an X..., an X..."
"It's a letter that refers to the mathematical unknown."
"And sometimes it can be the doubt,
"the unknown, the enigma, something undetermined."
"X-rays are the ones that allow us to see the bones."
"The letter X indicates forbidden films.
"Those under 18 years of age."
"Day X is the day something impossible to foresee has to happen."
"Wait, it is also used to deny or ask for forgiveness."
"And to indicate that a person has been divorced once."
She told me it's a symbol that a woman should know properly.
(He thinks) "Women?"
"Now that he says it,
"At the end of the letters that mother writes to me she writes a few."
"But I asked her and she wouldn't tell me what they meant."
Sonoko, don't you find that Miss Jody's classes have changed?
Yes, they have.
They used to be serious and very boring, but.... (yawns)
But now... she teaches us street English expressions and things like that.
It's so cool!
(Jody) Thank you, but that won't make me any softer on the tests.
Se-lady!
Mouri.
Have you figured out what the X stands for yet?
No, not yet... He-he-he-he-he-he-he...!
Why don't you send an email to Shinichi and see what he says?
Put this to him: "If you know the answer, I'll give you my dear X."
Eeeeeh?
-My dear X. -Oh.
Good idea!
Eeeeeeh? Isn't it?
Isn't it?
(Think) "What will it be? What will it be, the X?"
"The X... The X... The X..."
Changing the subject, wasn't the house in the opposite direction?
That's right.
See.
I wanted to ask you something...
Would you like to come with me for a while?
"The X... The X... The cross?"
What?
That if we have met...
(At the same time)... some pervertiiiiit?
Oh, yes.
Many Teitan high school students have met on the bus.
What a problem!

It has not happened to us mai.
Hm.
Besides, if a sonado dared to approach us and do anything to us,
Ran would give him a good karate chop!
Oh.
On guard! No.
No!
But you must be careful.
If this person follows you home and won't leave you alone,
he could take advantage of an oversight to give you a hard time.
Go... you know it could be an evil stalker
who would be very, very scary.
If someone approached me with bad intentions,
the watchman would have caught it by now.
And I haven't seen anyone like that around my house.
Haven't you, Conan?
No... no one.
Well... if you see anyone suspicious, call right away.
All right, girls?
(At the same time) We call you?
Yes!
The Japanese are still too lenient with stalkers.
If you tell me, I'll take care of this stalker...
in true American style.
(Man: lazy) What?
That a suspicious person is waiting for you?
And where are you, right now?
(Man) "In the building where this coffee shop is."
I told you it was a suspicious person,
but it's the person you asked me to investigate.
When you find me, you will surely tell me:
"I'll pay you double what your owner paid you
to turn a blind eye."
"That's why I wanted to consult you."
In-understanding.
I'll pay you 3 times as much.
No, 4 times as much.
But afan sy come right away.
Bring me your name and proof, please.
Okay, I'll be right back.
Now that you pay me 4 times more,
I'm convinced... that person will let it go too.
Don't take this the wrong way, Mr. Suspect.
Come on, even if you follow me, you won't change my mind.
You are well finished.
In this envelope... are all the misdeeds you've committed.
Eh?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
Eh?
It can't be.
What happened?
A blackout?
The power's back on.
Aaah..., I've been so scared.
No wonder.
Like the other time you stayed in that building in the dark...
(Woman: call)
(People: rumors)
Look, it's in front of these warehouses!
It's true.
What's going to happen?
There's a mob crowded outside.
Mouri, Suzuki, call the police and ask for an ambulance.
Yes! Yes!
(Thinking) "What's this?"
"There's something written on the envelope with the arms on it. Eh?"
"A circle, a cross and a triangle? What is this?"
Hm!
She's been stabbed in the stomach with a knife.
Yes.
The victim's name is Katsunori Chuujo, 43 years old.
According to the cards... he's carrying around,
he's the head of a detective agency.
A private detective?
But I don't get it.
This message is very strange.
And it is, Inspector.
You can tell, it's a strange message.
Oh, I thought you were...
Hello!
I'm Jody Saintemilion.
What a joy, to meet you again, inspector!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"My, you seem very interested, by Inspector Megre..."
From what I see, you always end up involved in all kinds of cases, too.
Yes.
But I still can't quite reach the sole of these girls' shoes.
Eeeeeh?
Oh, Ran and Sonoko?!
We were at this coffee shop,
but there was a power outage, and then...
When the power came back on, we heard a scream.
When we went out to see what happened, we found this man.
A blackout?
Yes..., the blackout was caused by an electrical failure...
in the building next door.
Then, the murderer took advantage of this situation...
to escape after stabbing him...,
and poor Mr. Chuujo has left this strange message
on the escalator, before exhaling his last breath.
But what do they mean, the circle, the cross and the triangle?
Perhaps to leave a message in code.
Don't tell me they are transcribing an intelligible name...!
Now that I realize it, I have seen these signs elsewhere.
Eh?
As you say ?!
Where did you see them?
Tell me! Look to remember, Miss Jody.
Hm...
Oooooh!
I remember!
They were at the controller of that Japanese video game console!
Have I helped you at all? He-he-he-he-he-he-he...!
"It's true, this teacher is a hardcore gamer."
We found a call to the victim's phone memory.

It is from half an hour ago.
That's precisely the time the murder took place.
What if... there's a call for you?
Eeeeeh... Yes.
(Phone)
(Ring)
So it's you?!
You called Mr. Chuujo half an hour ago?!
-Hey, no, this... (Sonoko: call)
It's the man with the suspicious call!
This man was saying some very strange things.
Let's see, "I'll pay you four times more, but come right away."
or something like that.
What does this mean?
What does it mean?
Ah!
A-okay.
I'll tell him.
I'll tell you everything.
Why, you hired a detective...
to do an internal company investigation.
Yes...
Last month I noticed that someone in the company was embezzling money,
and I asked him to tell me who the culprit was
before informing the president.
Which company is it, this one?
It's the one that occupies the eighth to eleventh floor of this building.
Now I understand.
The detective has found that the suspect has locked him out,
talked to you on the phone
and they are meeting here because they are not at the company.
But it was time for the meeting,
and since he didn't show up, you called him.
Yes.
As the envelope that Mr. Chuujo was carrying was empty,
can we think that the person who committed the embezzlement is dead?
Yes.
It is possible that the detective was murdered,
stole the evidence and fled to the company.
Do you have a rough idea of who it could be, this embezzler?
Uh, no...
But the detective gave me a list
of all the people in the company who might be suspects.
The list is this one here.
Inspector Megre...!
Come on, proving which one of them did it is almost impossible.
(Think) "There are 58 suspects."
"And the only clue we have are the circle, the cross and the triangle."
"This is very interesting."
Inspector Megre!
We have found the victim's fingerprints on the circle envelope,
the cross and the triangle he made with his blood.
Oh, really?
Really?
Naturally, the blood also belongs to Mr. Chuujo,
and he has written the symbols in a very short space of time.
The symbols are a clue that the victim wanted to leave behind,
to find the murderer...
Well... I'm completely sure of that, yes...
Very good!
He-he-he-he-he.
Ouch...
Besides, Mr. Chuujo stabbed her...
before the blackout occurred.
Before the blackout?
Yes, according to witnesses, the lights went out...
after a man in a trench coat stabbed Mr. Chuujo.
He stabbed her at the bottom of the escalators, about here.
The power went out while the two men were fighting over the envelope,
and when the light came back on,
Mr. Chuujo was sitting on the escalator...
"The man in the trench coat ran up to him,
"He took some leaves out of the envelope and went up the stairs."
Then, the place where Mr. Chuujo...
has written the circle, the cross and the triangle
is the beginning of the escalator.
Yes, he probably did it during the blackout.
So the victim has taken the envelope between his arms...
to prevent the killer from taking it,
but in the end he took the evidence to discover the embezzler.
Then the stairs carried the victim's body up the stairs.
How can it be understood that the witness did not call when he saw it?
It was thought that they were filming a thriller series or something like that.
In any case, we can assume that the murderer is the embezzler.
Now all that's left for us to do is
to find out the meaning of the circle, the cross and the triangle,
and from this clue
we will see which of those 58 people is suspected of embezzlement.
(Sonoko) And the X on the envelope?
Couldn't it mean "multiplied by"?
Maybe it's some kind of mathematical formula.
But why do you think it could be a formula?
If I had written the formula with numbers,
I would have run the risk of the murderer understanding it.
Oh.
Then the murderer must be a mathematician.
Mr. Kisugi, do you know if there are any mathematicians in your company?
No.
Essentially, our company hires people...
who have a liberal arts-based background.
Hm.

If it were square, circle, triangle, then it would be an oden.
The X can't be what you were saying?
-Huh? -Huh?
That lovely symbol that Miss Jody told me about in class.
-Eh? -Huh?
No, no.
Oops!
It's impossible, that's what it is!
What are you talking about, the X's that women put at the end of their cards?
Oh, yes.
Inspector Takagi, do you know what they mean?
Oh, you naughty boy, it means that you receive this kind of letters very often.
No, it's just that from time to time I get some kind of joke...
What do these X's mean, then?
Ah.
Nothing at all.
It has nothing to do with the circle, the cross and the triangle we talked about.
It is possible that there is something else,
besides the circle, the cross and the triangle.
Notice: to the left of the circle there is a kind of line.
And it is also made with blood.
This must mean that there is something else written.
Yes... I noticed that too.
But we haven't found any trace of blood that looks like another figure.
That's right.
Have you looked there, too?
At the escalator steps.
It's stopped now,
but when they found the body, it was moving
and the blood must have stayed on the inside of the escalator.
Gee..., that's true.
But if it's been moving, the traces must have been erased. (Sonoko)
That's all right.
If you put a liquid on it that is made with woodworm,
the blood stains will appear as if by magic.
Yes, with luminol you can detect the blood stains, but....
If you want to check, tell the forensic scientists to do it.
If there was anything written in blood,
it'll glow on the surface of the escalators.
Yeah, maybe it will...
Oh, there's one other thing.
What do you want?
(Flow) What does it mean, the X?
Eh? (Flow)
The X that Ran was talking about.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You're too much of a creature to know these things.
Officer, check it out, please.
Inspector Megre.
This is the jacket, cap and gloves the killer was wearing.
Oh, really?
He left them abandoned in the washroom on the fifth floor.
We haven't found the documents he stole from the victim.
And so what?
Have you already checked the alibis of the suspects?
Yes.
We've divided up the work.
At the time of the murder,
many employees were napping or eating.
Of the 58 on the list, there are only 27 who have an alibi.
Look, here's the list, inspector.
Right now we're looking for the stolen documents,
between the eighth and eleventh floors.
But we still have nothing.
Very well, then.
Continue the investigation as you have been doing so far.
Yes.
(Think) "Now we've narrowed it down to 31 suspects."
"And the clue is the circle, the cross and the triangle."
"If only we could find another sign on the stairs..."
A sign written in blood has appeared!
What is it?
What sign is it?
Well, I wouldn't know.
What do you mean by that?
A square?
It could be the ideogram that means "mouth" or the sign of the syllable "ro".
or the sign for the syllable "ro".
If we follow the sequence, I guess it must be a square.
Hm... I understand it less and less.
The sign matches the blood trace on the edge of the envelope.
So, he has written it in Chuujo.
"But isn't this square bigger than the other message?"
Ah, hello.
Is that you, Chiba?
Where are you now?
To the eighth floor?
Now I come to help.
Yes.
Don't worry, I'll be right back.
I'll be right back. Bye.
He always says that when he's in a hurry to write something
he can't help but abbreviate some words.
(Thinking) "Hm.... Hide. Being in a hurry... abbreviated? Ah!"
And the next Conan:
"The riddle of abbreviations, (part two)".
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

