Suspense and deductions resolve the tug-of-war between us.
between us.
Today, Ayumi and a very sociable grandmother.
Deciphering the message we solve the case.
He has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futari katatta mira ni.
Kimi to ibasho ga aru you ni.
Oh baby, I can not stop my love for you!
Kimi no Subete ni Natte su tsunaida té shinjite
aruite yuku to chikau yoooo.
Daikirai nante uso demo iwanai KEDO
Daisuki datte uso nanka ya iwanai kara he.
AENA toki sae kimi wa nanimo kangaeru yoyuu mo nai Kurai.
Kono kokoro wo hitorijime ni surun Dakara!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futatsu no ay ga hanarete
shimawanai you ni Hitotsu ni dieteeee.
Soredemo Fuan na yoru wa otozureru mono Dakara me.
Sonna toki wa gyutto oogesaaaa ni dakishimete iteeee!
The Ayumi?
Maybe you said.
(Mitsuhiko) We're absolutely sure.
We never see her lately.
(Genta) Yes, it seems that every day to that park...
to see a certain Bruce and a certain Jackie.
So she has a boyfriend who is a foreigner.
Do you want us to go check it out?
This is not to meddle where you are not called?
Of course not, it's normal that we worry.
We should investigate if he's good enough for the Ayumi.
Conan, come with us.
No, I'll pass.
Conan, this will affect the Ayumi for her whole life!
(thinks) "Apa here! Don't you find that you are exaggerating a little?"
DISAPPEARANCE OF THE GRANDMOTHER OF WIT PROBLEMS
Who is she, that old lady?
(Ayumi) The character "ta" from "crop field"?
Yes, with 4 matches.
Hm... the character of "field", the character of "field"...
-And I can't break? -Ha-ha-ha.
No.
So you can't.
Hm... I give up.
How can it be done?
He-he-he-he-he!
Let-let-me have a moment.
You see?
Oh, it's true!
It's the character "ta".
Isn't it?
This is also in the book of wit problems.
It's a lot of fun!
Next day, I'll leave you the book.
And now...
Come on!
Come on!
Come!
(grandmother) Come!
- (grandmother) Come!
(Ayumi) Come! - (Ayumi) Come!
But what are you doing?
(at the same time) Come!
(grandmother) Come!
(Ayumi) Come!
(Ayumi) Come!
(Ayumi) Come!
(Ayumi) Come!
Oh, you've come!
Jackie, the wound you have on your paw makes more good face.
What's that?
(Ayumi) Jackie?
Alza, Steve, your skin disease is healing too.
Ayumi, put this medicated cream on Steve.
Steve.
No, Steve, don't move.
Be still, please.
So, Jackie and Steve happen to be cat names.
Gee, we've been worrying too much.
"He-he-he-he... I knew it had to be something like that."
Mèèèèèèèèèèèèèèèu!
-Bruce.
What happened, little one? -Oh! -Oh!
(Boy) Hey, old woman.
It's not gonna happen today.
Give me this cat right now.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you yelling so much?
It's on the hood of my car again!
Besides, he peed on himself.
It's your fault,
for taking care of these beasts unnecessarily.
Let these gatots be abandoned!
Do not talk like that.
Besides, it is forbidden to park in the place where you leave the car.
And don't make such a fuss...
just because a cat pees a little bit.
You're not allowed to make such a fuss... just because a cat pees a little.
What do you want, to hurt yourself instead of this cat?
Wrong?
How much evil are we talking about?
Show him me right now.
What?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
-Who are you, you people? -We're the Junior Detective League.
-Don't let you abuse the weak. -You're not allowed to abuse the weak.
Hey, old lady,
if this gatot puts me on the hood again, you'll see how I spend it.
Whoa, Bruce.
How many times do I have to tell you not to get on his hood?
You're an incorrigible naughty boy.
(laughs)
(laughs) Thank you.
You guys have helped me so much.
(Laughs) It's true.
It has been very brave.
We were impressed.
He didn't take any steps back, when it came to defending the cat.
He was brave.
It is true.
You are like a god for these cats.
I'm not a god or anything like that.
I am not such an important person.
I can't even get to the bottom of these animals' shoes.
The ones here are abandoned cats?
Yes.
Abandoned because of human selfishness.
Grandma Shizuka takes care of them
while she looks for someone who wants to take care of them.
That's why I came to help her.
Gee, you could have told us.
You're from the Junior Detective League.

The Junior Detective League?
Hm, we've been solving tough cases together for a long time.
-We make a good team.
Sure... solve cases!
Ma'am, is there anything bothering you?
What's bothering you?
No, nothing, my boy.
Ah, that's right.
Ayumi, do you mind taking care of that?
Eh?
Why are you giving it to me?
Ah, I don't think I'll be able to come tomorrow.
I've been getting really bad neuralgia lately.
Hot spring spas are very good for this sort of thing.
Thermal waters...
I used to go often to the Izu hot springs.
Besides, I have an acquaintance who has a house.
In any case, I am calm,
because I know you'll be a responsible person.
-See you tomorrow! -Bye, madam!
Keep an eye on me while I go home, guys.
(Mitsuhiko) That's weird, I don't see Bruce.
Shouldn't he have stayed somewhere sunbathing?
Grandma Shizuka is already taking too long.
It's getting late and she's still not here.
She hasn't gone to a spa?
She said she was getting very bad neuralgia.
Maybe she did.
But she's not the kind of person who would abandon cats.
What if something's happened to him?
Maybe he just got sick all of a sudden.
Why don't we go home?
What can we do, Conan? Well, let's go to him.
He said something that worried me.
(Door: knock-knock)
Grandma Shizuka, I'm Ayumi.
Is it at home?
Grandma Shizuka, it's Ayumi.
Grandma Shizuka!
Grandma Shizuka!
Looks like she's gone somewhere...
Maybe something happened to her.
Ayumi, you worry too much.
But that boy threatened her saying she'd take it badly.
He didn't mean it, woman.
It's not normal.
There is today's diary and yesterday's diary.
After she said goodbye to us she didn't come home.
(At the same time) He didn't come back?
How do you know?
It's hard to believe that he left without coming home.
So something has happened to him.
Let's get to work.
Ayumi, call the fire department.
And Mitsuhiko, call the police.
Check if they picked up any casualties yesterday
who called himself Shizuka Oomori yesterday.
And call the hospitals and emergency centers.
Genta, find out who that boy was yesterday and where he stops.
And how can I do that?
Leave the car in an area where parking is prohibited.
Someone who lives by the park may have seen him.
I'll go and see if I can find someone who knows her.
(Genta) Yes.
Junior Detective League, let's go!
(All) Yessssss!
I'm not that important a person.
These animals can't even keep up with me.
(Thinking) "I hope it's just my imagination."
(Female) I see the Shizuka when we go swimming,
and I don't remember her having any friends or relatives she wanted to visit.
That's why she always takes care of the abandoned cats.
Maybe she's gone to a spa to rest,
after what happened.
Eh?
"After what happened"?
Next to the park lived a man named Ezaki and he was lonely.
The Shizuka was assisting her.
A month ago Ezaki died.
He fell into the bathtub and hit his head.
"It was a fatal blow. The poor man, he died on the spot."
It's already a coincidence that he fell that way,
because it looked exactly as if
that he had fallen expressly on the faucet.
Suddenly, the Shizuka had all the free time in the world.
"When Mr. Ezaki was alive,
"She always called him 'sir.'"
"He would take her to an Izu hot springs spa.
"And she treated him like a father."
Had he told her which of the Izu hot springs they stayed at?
I don't know.
I haven't asked him.
Perhaps they will know it for lack Mr. Ezaki.
Didn't he say that the Ezaki died?
Yes, but now his nephew lives.
His name is Mochitsuki,
and he's president of a company in Haido City.
(Mitsuhiko) It will be there:
the Izu hot springs resort
of her memories where Mr. Ezaki often took her.
Among the victims of traffic accidents and violent cases,
there is no one who calls himself Oomori.
We don't know where he is.
Ah, the spa where grandfather went with Mrs. Shizuka?
Yes, do you happen to know which spa in Izu they used to go to?
Mr. Mochitsuki,
I confirm you that we will take the closet at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, ok?
-Very well, perfect.
Don't open the door, I've left things inside.

It's useless junk, you can throw the cabinet away as it is.
Very well, sir.
Understood.
The Izu hot springs spa?
Yes, I know it.
No need to worry, I'm sure you'll be back soon.
Really...?
You have lots and lots of monkey figures.
Yes... They're all from my grandfather's collection.
-Ah, those are the three monkeys! Ah, I see you know them.
"Don't look, don't talk, don't listen."
In fact, it means: "don't meddle where you're not wanted".
(Genta) I've asked everywhere,
but nobody knows him at all, that boy.
I'll call the hotels and hostels in Izu.
All of Izu?
But this is a chore!
I can't be calm.
I want to make sure Grandma Shizuka is all right.
In Bruce.
What's up?
Hello, Bruce!
It's true: yes it is, in Bruce!
Bruce!
Bruce, it's terrible.
Grandma Shizuka has disappeared.
What's that?
This handkerchief...
What's wrong, Ayumi?
Bruce is wearing Grandma Shizuka's scarf around his neck.
That's right.
This means that in Bruce it was with Grandma Shizuka.
-Look, the handkerchief there is something written!
(Mitsuhiko) The character "Nichi" repeated 8 times.
See.
(Mitsuhiko) There's a stain on the bottom.
(Mitsuhiko) What's it from?
It's blood.
-(Mitsuhiko) Huh?
-(Mitsuhiko) Huh?
(Mitsuhiko) Huh?
They kidnapped her and closed it?
So she didn't go to Izu?
That's right.
That she put her blood-stained handkerchief around Bruce's neck
means someone's holding her.
Maybe she's injured and can't move.
In this case, she would have just written where she is.
If she has sent us a coded message it means something else.
A message?
So, even if the bad person finds it, he doesn't know what it's about.
I guess we have to find out what he means by this message.
That rings a bell.
Does it?
Ring a bell?
What is it?
Grandma Shizuka always gave me brain teasers,
before calling the cats.
One was to draw as many characters as I could.
by adding a stroke to the character "Nichi".
A brain teaser?
Mitsuhiko, do you know what it means?
Let me think...
if we put the stroke inside, the character "eye" comes out,
if we put it through the stroke... in the middle, we get "ta", "field".
Cheer up, Mitsuhiko.
Conan, do you know if there are more?
"Kyu," "yoshi," "ko," "tan," "shin."
- "Kyu-kyuyoshi"?
- "Kotanshin"?
Excuse me.
I'll write them down for you right away.
Wait a second.
From right to left there are:
"Me", "shiro", "ta", "kyu", "yoshi", "ko", "tan", "shin".
Blow!
You know a lot of characters, Conan.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Here it tells us where they have it locked?
The first 3 characters must mean....
"In a grove of Zosterops japonica", don't you find?
You mean there is one of these groves?
You are right, Genta.
As it has snowed, the fields have become a white mat.
And then?
Well... well... they're so white that they're dazzling and everything.
But with this we can't know where they have it...
Well, think.
Let's see if you can think of anything.
A-me?
Hm...
The Zosterops japonica have stayed in the field to make buds.
(At the same time) You can't get anything out of that!
Meeeee...
(Mitsuhiko) We can't get anything out...
if we don't find out what the other 5 characters might mean.
"Kyu", is the character for the expression "new and old".
It means old or ancient.
Next, we have "yoshi", which is used in the word "motive".
"Ko" is used to the word "shell".
It refers to the moment when the sun rises above the horizon on the sea
above the horizon in the sea, at sunrise.
I have seen that word once.
In a New Year's greeting.
If it went out to "New Year's Eve"...
and it was a greeting that wished you a good New Year...
this means... the last character means "monkey".
Monkey?
Yes.
The "monkey" character of the 12 sacred animals of the Chinese calendar.
Does it have to do with someone from the year of the monkey?
Something, Conan:
couldn't this word be read "dan", instead of "tan"?
Yes, the word " 'sir" also carries this character here, but....
Got it!

Yes, Grandma Shizuka always called Mr. Ezaki "sir", didn't she?
Yes.
That is to say, these 2 characters mean.... "the former lord".
So, they refer exactly to Mr. Ezaki.
But what we need to do is to find out where she is.
No, it looks like we were wrong.
Listen, guys.
Remember Grandma Shizuka told us you were a coward?
I can't even keep up with these animals.
So, this means she wasn't just saying that out of modesty.
Yes.
She probably found out a secret...
that she's related to Mr. Ezaki,
and that's probably why she was kidnapped.
Now she wants to tell us that secret with this message.
This "ta" from "field",
could it be a mouth with a cross on it?
Of course it could!
Then the character of "field" with the mouth and the cross on top of it
would mean "no one must know".
No, it is not exactly that...
This is silencing someone, it means that a crime has been committed.
(At the same time) Quèèèèèèèèèè ?!
Have at it well.
If we put them in this order:
"The reason for which they have murdered the former lord".
That is to say, Mr. Ezaki's death was no accident.
A person murdered him.
And then, we are left with the characters...
which tell us about the motive and the murder weapon.
That leaves "me", "shiro", "ko" and "shin".
(Think) " 'Me', 'shiro', 'ko', 'shin'."
"Kosher...
Got it!
The Kosher, the guardian god!
Eh?
The guardian god of the travelers?
The god of that performance?
Beyond the station there is an avenue called Kosher Street.
Yes... So, someone from that street...
No, it is not that.
There is something that appears in the representations of this god often.
Something?
The 3 monkeys.
Huh?
Those 3 monkeys of "Don't look, don't talk, don't listen"?
That means...
Yes.
The monkey statuette that was in Mr. Ezaki's house...
That was the weapon with which he was assassinated.
And what do we do about the "target" and the "eye" that we have left?
Look, remember that statuette.
Their eyes are open, but they don't look at anything.
That's right.
So, Mr. Mochitsuki killed him?
Probably.
Anyway, we don't have time now.
They'll take Grandma away around two o'clock.
What?
Do you know where they're keeping Grandma Shizuka?
It's quite possible it's where I imagine.
(Off) "The police showed up in response to our tip.
"And they were able to safely get Grandma Shizuka out of the closet....
"When it was just a short time before he was to be taken away."
"Then, following Grandma Shizuka's testimony,
"They found traces of blood on the statuette of the three monkeys,
"And they arrested Mr. Mochitsuki...
"For the murder of Mr. Ezaki and the kidnapping of Grandma Shizuka."
(Woman: sinister voice) "Run away now mateeeeeix. Run away from here. Get down!"
"Run away from here!"
Casum la olla, casum la olla.
What nonsense, that ghost stuff.
You've wasted our time.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
And the next Conan:
"The truth of the haunted building, (part one)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

