The water that flows has no form.
The wind that blows is not seen.
Cases, deductions, mean freedom.
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futari katatta mira ni.
Kimi to ibasho ga aru you ni.
Oh baby, I can not stop my love for you!
Kimi no Subete ni Natte su tsunaida té shinjite
aruite yuku to chikau yoooo.
Daikirai nante uso demo iwanai KEDO
Daisuki datte uso nanka ya iwanai kara he.
AENA toki sae kimi wa nanimo kangaeru yoyuu mo nai Kurai.
Kono kokoro wo hitorijime ni surun Dakara!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futatsu no ay ga hanarete
shimawanai you ni Hitotsu ni dieteeee.
Soredemo Fuan na yoru wa otozureru mono Dakara me.
Sonna toki wa gyutto oogesaaaa ni dakishimete iteeee!

(Off) "At Dr. Araide's clinic we met a gentleman
"Who told us a ghost story
"And invited us to go to the building where there were apparitions."
"Curiously, the building next door was half-finished....
"since the builder had gone bankrupt and committed suicide."
"Also, four years ago,
"In the park across the street, a girl had been found burned to death."
"While we were in Mr. Otonashi's apartment...
"Waiting for the ghosts to appear, we fell asleep."
(Woman: sinister voice) "Run away right now."
"Run away from here! March! Run away from here!"
"Get out of here!"
"In addition, the water in the sink was turning red;
"At the window we saw a disturbing apparition,
"And in the building next door from time to time a shining soul could be seen."
"What could it be?"
"The ghost that's been on TV, I've got it."
"The red water in the toilet, too."
"Both of these things have a scientific explanation."
"But the appearance of the window and the glowing soul in front of it...
"I don't know how to explain it."
"How did he do it, the one responsible?"
"In fact, is there, of responsible?"
"And if there is, who is it and why is he doing it?"
THE TRUTH OF THE HAUNTED BUILDING, (SECOND PART)
Come on, Conan.
What are you looking at?
Don't you see... that more butterflies will come in?
Ah, I was looking where that shining soul would be
that Mr. Otonashi told us about before.
Aah.
Exactly in the middle of that building, surrounded by darkness.
It was a reddish light, very weak.
From time to time it became a little bluish.
If you don't believe it, ask in Yotsuya, number 2,
or at Banchi, number 4.
They say they have seen it too.
Of course I have seen them, both red and blue.
When I was upstairs, in the apartment of a college classmate.
A classmate?
Yes... Look.
He lived... He lived right above me, on the 6th floor.
(Kogoro) Oooh!
From that day on, he became afraid of shining souls.
Since he couldn't sleep, he decided to go live somewhere else.
I couldn't sleep either, but I was so excited.
(laughs)
Ah, wow.
This is an eight-millimeter camera, isn't it?
Yes.
I was editing a film we made with the guys from the university.
That's nothing, what a floor.
It's full of posters and horror magazines.
It's true.
If I were alive, I'd always have nightmares.
This is nothing compared to the apartment in Banchi.
That's really scary.
Aiiiiiiii.
This apartment is too much.
There are ghosts and beasts everywhere!
And you haven't seen it all.
If I turn off the light...
(At the same time: fright)
The dolls are glowing!
It's because of this fluorescent here.
The dolls are painted with a glowing paint
that makes the same effect as a neon tube.
Boy, do you know.
They told me about it at the toy store.
You've seen the glowing souls too, haven't you?
Yes, but not in the building over there, but from this window.
(Thinking) "This window is diagonal to the one above,
"where we saw the apparition."
Ep, kiddo.
You'd better close the window.
I'm saying it because of this noieta.
Eh?
You see?
Papallones have already entered.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
If you don't believe the ghost story,
you can talk to Hotan, the square head on floor number 1.

No... I have never seen them, these souls.
In fact, I only believe in things that have a scientific explanation.
What bothers me more is that the works on the side are stopped.
What do you mean by that?
Look at this.
Because of this building I don't get any sun all day.
Yes.
That's true.
Mr. Otonashi has it good.
The window faces the street.
How come you don't change, then?
So the rent is very cheap.
And Grandma told me there's a good vibe in this building.
"I thought you only believed in scientific things."
(Kogoro) It doesn't do anything, if I smoke...
...a cigarette?
(Kogoro) And now.
Do, do.
Now, I'd ask that when I'm finished you let me work.
(Kogoro) Sure.
"A cigarette."
Aaaaaaaaah!
Father, you have another butterfly up your sleeve!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Shit!
How come, they only come to me?
Quickly.
You're a spook.
What do you think I do?
"I got it!"
"The murderer was afraid of being found out."
"That's why he tried to hide with this ghost story."
"I already have the definitive proof
"To solve the case of the girl who was burned 4 years ago."
Eh?
You're leaving already?
But it's a long night.
Then maybe an even creepier ghost will come out.
It's a pity.
If they leave, at least I'll be able to concentrate...
and finally finish the job for tomorrow.
All right. They'll give the ghost my regards.
-Wow.
-What a pain in the ass.
Mm?
What the hell, of ghosts!
They're just illusions!
Eh?
And Conan?
Ah, he's coming.
Come on, we're leaving.
Ah, it's that I have to go to the bathroom... and I'm just afraid...
Kogoro, who can accompany me?
Casum the pot... What a remedy.
In the meantime, I... I'll wait for you out here.
This guy with the moustache rings a bell...
- (door: knock) MM?
(Knock-knock)
Who's there?
(knock on door) Eh?
What's up, boy?
You hadn't left?
Excuse me, it's just that a... What happened?
Look, look.
That toilet over there is haunted.
It's very bad and the chain doesn't work.
It does smell bad.
(Pulls the chain)
But the chain... Eh?
The water...
the water is red.
How... How... how can it be?
Wow.
Now it's the TV, which is haunted.
What? Look.
Look. (Woman: sinister voice)
(Woman: sinister voice) "Run away right now..."
It's a ghost!
What do we do now?
- "Get away from me. Get out of here." It can't be.
It can't be!
-That can't be. "Go away!"
What are you doing?
There's no tape.
Who does it?
Who does it?!
What is all this?!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What's the matter?
Ah.
The ghost has reappeared.
No, there can't be any way.
For this to be...
(Kogoro voice) Exactly:
these are just tricks to make it look like there are ghosts.
What you mean to say is that you invented them yourself
and that you're the only one who can make them go away....,
aren't you..., Mr. Banchi?
Eh?
They're just tricks.
Gee, you look like a detective, you.
A-a detective?
Don't tell me you're the famous Sleeping Kogoro!
That's right.
Come on, we'll clear up the secret...
the very strange phenomena that go on in this building.
First of all, the toilet water that turns into blood.
What caught my attention was the foul smell of ammonia
that I smelled when I entered the bathroom,
and the faint smell of alcohol left in the tank.
Ammonia... and alcohol?
Yes, ammonia and alcohol.
Everyone has done it in chemistry class at school.
The experiment of having phenolphthalein
mixed with alcohol, which is a colorless liquid,
pour in a drop of ammonia, which is also colorless but alkaline,
and see that it reddens as if by magic.
But I doubt that this is the explanation.
What you get with this experiment is only a pinkish color.
It is impossible to get confused.
Yes, but with the darkness in the sink,
the water looks very red, as if it were blood.
However, in contact with urine, this reaction is not obtained.
It is true that urine contains ammonia,
but it is neutral or acidic, not alkaline.
So it is something else.
Exactly.
That's why we had to do that.
(Conan voice) Liquid ammonia.

But... but... but...!
Just put a little in the toilet and pour phenolphthalein into the tank,
and the chemical reaction takes place.
Even if it smells like ammonia,
no one is surprised, with such a dirty toilet.
You're right, you're right.
But, boy, where did you find it, this bottle?
Detective Mouri asked me to sneak into the building,
while everyone was at the door saying goodbye.
And I found it in Banchi's apartment.
I also found other things.
Phenolphthalein, chloroform....,
and also, a creepy video.
A creepy video?
There was the ghost of a girl screaming:
"Run away right now. If you don't, you'll all die."
-Hey.
-Let's see if it's...
(Kogoro voice) Exactly.
The video that Ran saw in Mr. Otonashi's apartment.
He broadcasted it on Banchs from the player in his apartment.
Broadcasted it?
What do you mean?
Well, it is very easy.
It is only necessary to use the collective antenna of the building.
"You have connected the video output of your apartment to the antenna cable,
"And by means of the collective antenna,
"You have sent the image of your video..."
to Mr. Otonashi's TV set.
But... to do this, you should be able to put the video channel...
to Mr. Otonashi's TV set.
And, to begin with, I should be able to turn on the TV.
(Otonashi) That's why I had this remote.
Mr. Otonashi.
If you know the make of the TV and the VCR,
you can use these commands that are good for all the sets
and manipulate the TV of other floors.
If I understood how, I could even have done it myself.
So, the ghost that came out on my TV was sent by you.
That's right.
I asked Mr. Otonashi to help me
to transfer the image of the video I took from your apartment,
who is the one who used the remote control...
from the building under construction in front of you,
on the other side of the Otonashi's window.
"From the top of the wall,
"The remote's waves reach this far."
"And leaving the video set up on his floor,
"Although not seeing the screen,
"He was able to tune in the video channel by feeling the TV."
"Moreover, while it was still sunny,
"He poured chloroform on the window frame to put us to sleep,
"And then, when we woke up in the dark,
"Still half unconscious, he made us see..."
the image of the ghost.
O-hooray.
But this is for real.
It's very strange.
This apparition keeps looking this way.
Aah... This is not, an apparition.
If you look closely, you'll see it right away.
B-but they're...
...butterflies!
It's a flight of butterflies!
More specifically, a flight of male butterflies.
Spreading the mosquito net...
"...with a female pheromone liquid..,
"which is used against pests,
"and gluing some papers in the shape of mouths and eyes,
"the male butterflies that gather, attracted by the smell.
"They form the figure of a person looking out of the window."
"The proof of what I say
"Is the fact that butterflies have come to me several times."
The first time we have seen this apparition,
"When I was about to fall and I took the mosquito net,"
I was left with the smell of American pheromones.
And now, then?
It's simple: he has taken the mosquito net from the second floor and put it here.
The fact that the apparition has faded naturally
is because Banchs has turned on the fluorescent light in his apartment
with a timer.
"The fluorescent is more effective than the smell of pheromones.
"To attract butterflies."
"Now then, just that there was only one butterfly left,
"it would do the trick."
"That's why, when in Banchs has seen that the outline faded,
"It has approached the window and opened the mosquito net...
"To chase away any butterflies that might remain."
"It seems unbelievable, doesn't it?"
In short, the one who invented this whole ghost story...
is you, who at that moment approached the window...
pretending you didn't know anything about what was going on.
But... there's something I don't understand.
Apart from chloroform,
the other substances can be easily obtained.
That's true.
The image in the video could have been made with one of his dummies, but...
-Why should he go to so much trouble to make up this story?

What he wanted to achieve was to scare us
and make Mr. Otonashi just leave the apartment he lives in.
Probably to hide the crime 4 years ago.
You mean the murder of that girl in the park over there?
You said you sometimes see a shining soul in the building next door, right?
Oh, right.
Well, it's not a glowing soul.
The red light is a cigarette flame.
"And the bluish light... the reflection of a portable television."
You mean... someone lives in this building?!
Yes.
Taking advantage of the fact that the works are stopped and that it is not used,
there is a person living in hiding:
one of the two murderers of the girl, the one with the scar on his cheek.
The other murderer, whose face was never seen,
is surely in Banchi.
As someone saw the flame of a cigarette
and there was a danger that it would be discovered that someone was hiding,
the story of the ghosts was invented
and made the occupants of the second floor leave,
the only place from where you can see the building next door.
He intended to protect his accomplice in the murder...
of that poor girl four years ago.
"In fact, he came to live here to take care of his partner,
"who can't get out of here without getting caught."
They were hoping that the commotion would start to pass because he could get out,
but it's too late now.
I'm sorry, aren't I?
He gets the end of it. (Police cars: sirens)
It's the sirens of the police cars that I've warned on the phone.
(Sirens: n-no, n-no, n-no...)
(Sirens: no-no, no-no...) Shit!
Let me pass!
Eh?
What's the matter?
Ran.
Don't let him escape!
Eeeeeeh?
Come out, girl, or you'll be sentenced!
Ah.
What are you doing now?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I'm only afraid of real ghosts.
What... time...
(Off) "The police arrived right away
"And arrested the inventor of the ghosts
"And the man with the shining soul who lived in hiding."
"The ghost story was over
"Along with the murder case of four years before."
"The murder had been over a money mess."
"Ironically, a far less spiritual motive...
"than that ghost story."
(Think) "Inspector Takagi?"
"What should he be looking for?"
"Hey, hey, I don't know if you're doing well."
And the next Conan: "The case of the missing badge."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

