Suspense and deductions resolve the tug-of-war between us.
between us.
It comes back to Heiji.
We get involved in a case with Miss Jodie.
She looks like a child, but she has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futari katatta mira ni.
Kimi to ibasho ga aru you ni.
Oh baby, I can not stop my love for you!
Kimi no Subete ni Natte su tsunaida té shinjite
aruite yuku to chikau yoooo.
Daikirai nante uso demo iwanai KEDO
Daisuki datte uso nanka ya iwanai kara he.
AENA toki sae kimi wa nanimo kangaeru yoyuu mo nai Kurai.
Kono kokoro wo hitorijime ni surun Dakara!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futatsu no ay ga hanarete
shimawanai you ni Hitotsu ni dieteeee.
Soredemo Fuan na yoru wa otozureru mono Dakara me.
Sonna toki wa gyutto oogesaaaa ni dakishimete iteeee!

(Agasa) What?
What was stolen from the police...
the case files related to Kogoro?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
Inspector Takagi told you that? Xxxt.
Don't call so much.
Wait a minute, don't tell me they were robbed.
Yes, it's possible that it's the work of those people.
They must have heard the rumor that I was alive,
although I was supposed to have died from the effects of that poison.
Therefore, it would not be strange for them to suspect...
of the supposed deductions you have made in Kogoro Mouri.
Perhaps the companions of those men in black
believe that Shinichi Kudo is helping at Kogoro.
In fact, I disappeared...
when the Sleeping Kogoro began to intervene,
so no wonder they have their suspicions.
Hey, wait a minute.
But a rumor is a rumor.
There's nothing to worry about.
They couldn't even imagine...
that I'm Shinichi Kudo,
and that ever since that drug dwarfed me...
I've dedicated myself to solving cases by sleeping in Mouri with anesthetics.
And even if they realize that I'm moving around during investigations,
they'll just think I'm a smart guy.
Besides, although we don't know if it was colleagues of those men who stole the files.
who have stolen the files.
However...
What is certain is that someone is investigating Kogoro.
Dr. Agasa, I'd like to ask you something just in case.
Hm.
What a nerve.
You always ask when it suits you, and the others, screw them.
Ask someone else.
Oops, doctor.
Are you angry because I didn't tell you about the files?
Yes, I was.
Au, doctor Agasa..., don't be angry.
It was impossible.
At the time, she was on the side.
She, you say?
You mean the Ai?
Yes.
If she knows that there's some strange person hanging around the neighborhood again,
Haibara is determined not to go out again.
Besides, I made her a promise.
I told him that if things got dangerous, not to worry...
because I would find a way to get out of trouble.
Listen: where is it now, Haibara?
I think it's the basement lab.
Don't tell her about that, Haibara.
She's not as strong a person as she looks.
(Thinks) "Donkey."
ENGLISH TEACHER VS. DETECTIVE OSAKA, (PART ONE).
But there is something I love.
What is it?
Whoever stole the files sent them back to the police station.
What did he intend to do?
Well, he would do it because he had already finished consulting them, hadn't he?
If he had finished consulting them, all he had to do was throw them away.
Why go to the trouble of going back to the post office
and make us go on the lookout?
Yes, that's true.
The only thing I can think of is that they wanted to show themselves invincible
and that they came to say, "We know everything."
Maybe...
(Heiji) Maybe it was a bait to lure someone.
It seems to me that the person they wanted to lure is you, Kudo.
Yes, I'm sure.
I don't understand one thing.
If it really was a trap,
how come they stopped him in such a shoddy way?
You're right.
There were other ways to get my attention... Hey!
I... may I know what you're doing here, Hattori?!
Ha-ha-ha!
This gentleman called me to come here.
He thought your close friend might be able to help you.
Look, Shinichi dear,
it's just that I thought you always go through trances alone...
If it's so hard to fight those people, you'll need help.
Doctor, you are too naive.
He always keeps the most important things to himself,
and it's impossible for him to explain anything to us in Kudo on his own initiative.

I have come to find out whether you have found any important clues from those
or if you have found a way to counterattack them.
Am I right?
Start singing.
Surely you know something.
Remember I told you that we met them at the Haido City Hotel?
Yes.
When you messed with that little girl named Haibara,
a fellow of those men, a guy named Pisco, cornered her, didn't he?
Yes.
Since then there's something that doesn't fit me.
How do you understand that Pisco had the handkerchief of the party...
that she didn't have at the time of the interrogation?
The police isolated 7 suspects for interrogation.
And in Pisco he couldn't have known that they would ask for the handkerchiefs
to make those checks.
That is to say...
That a colleague gave it to him.
By finding out which people went through the interrogation before him,
we could find out which of the other 6 is the partner who gave it to him.
The names of the suspects, besides the one in Pisco are:
Mika Nanjo, Yasuo Mihei, Yoshiharu Tawa,
Tarumá Naoya, Naomichi Mugikura and Chris Vignard.
All 6 are very familiar faces to the media.
But since that day, there has been only one person who has stated....
that he would do a vacation season.
And who is it?
Chris Vignard.
The American movie star.
The Chris?
That famous actress in her early twenties?
The one with the big breasts, who is pretty and smart?
Yes, it turns out she's the only child of the great actress Sharon Vignard.
I've looked into a number of things,
but of all of them she's the most suspicious.
I actually didn't want to think too hard.
Dr. Agasa, I'd like to ask you something.
What would you like?
An internet address?
Yes, it's the home page of an ardent fan who's waiting for her return.
Would you mind logging on to the site and gathering whatever information there is?
His background, his tastes, things only a fan would know.
To see a boy looking at a foreign page in an Internet cafe
would be too... unusual, which might make them suspicious.
Yes, I'll give it a try.
But why do you want all this information?
Maybe it will come in handy at some point.
What did you tell me?
What have I been told?
That there's a suspicious foreign woman around you?
Donkey.
This is out of the question! Is it really?
It sure is.
Don't tell me you're talking about Miss Jodie?
Jodie?
Who is she, this one, doctor?
Who is she?
She's the new English teacher at Ran's school.
The new English teacher?
Donkey.
If you say anything to this son of a bitch...!
Very well, then!
We'll go to this teacher's house and see what we get.
"I knew it."
-Do you know her address? -We'll tell Ran.
If things go well maybe we can get the famous "apoxylin".
Apotoxin.
Hey, it seems to me that the menytens mass.
If we don't go, we won't see if it's at home or not.
"Coi..."
OSPA!
It's an expensive apartment building, this one!
An English teacher already earns them, so much money?
Ran and Sonoko said her parents are rich people.
(Acoustic signal: nobody-nong)
Let's see, 21st floor, 4th floor.
Jodie Saintemilion.
This is it.
Listen to me, Hattori, today we'll investigate to the end,
but don't do anything strange.
Yes, I know.
Now what do we tell the teacher?
What excuse do we give her?
What?
Can't you think of anything?
You wanted to come.
How can I think of anything?
I've never seen her before.
Coi.
Let's go home, if she suspects us, we're lost.
Bobo.
Now that we're here we can't just leave!
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
Eeeeh? Eeeeh?
(Intercom: Jodie) "Who's there?"
Ah!
Ostim!
(Conan voice) It's... it's me, in Conan.
"Conan. Oh, the clever boy. Conan, what did you want?"
Nothing, I just came to visit. "OK, OK, wait a minute."
(Door, open)
(Door, open) I'm fine.
Let me be, I'm not drunk....
Nakamachi, let me go, I can walk alone.
Careful, it will still fall.
I'm sorry, I think it won't be pleasant after this.
Don't worry.
You know Takai gets like this whenever he drinks.
Hip!
You don't know how to drink either.
-(Heiji) You don't get a temper every time you drink, do you?
(Heiji) It takes a while.

How long are you going to make us wait?
Hello!
Thanks for waiting.
I was just taking a bath, sorry it took so long.
Oh, smart guy, did you bring a friend?
Uh, yeah.
Come in, come in, come in.
But I don't have anything to offer you today, at home.
-Do you want to go out to dinner? -Oh, yes, so much. -Oh, yes, I do.
Then I'll go and get ready,
wait for me a moment in the living room.
Uh, first, could you go to the bathroom, miss?
Oh, and me too.
I've been holding it in for a while.
OK, OK.
The washroom is over there.
Ah, thank you very much.
Oh!
You're Ran Mouri's friend too?
(Heiji) Just the wood.
Pleased to meet you.
But you surprised me.
I didn't know the smart guy had a friend who was a foreigner.
A foreigner?
Yes, you're too dark-skinned, being Japanese.
And your Japanese is a bit strange.
Bleda!
What we speak in Osaka is also Japanese!
Osaka?
Is that the name of a fast food menu?
Ep.
Wait a minute...
It's an accent.
There are different accents in the U.S. too, right?
Oh, yes, yes.
In we have.
Yes.
It's Japanese, you can go up on your feet..., it's Japanese.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Is this the girl we've seen before?
Oh.
That's Takai's girlfriend, the next door neighbor.
What's she doing, outside, taking a picture?
Huh?
What's this?
A cell phone...
Where did it fall from?
From upstairs, for sure.
What?
It died instantly.
Yes.
But this man... where the hell did he fall from?
Maybe he fell from the 21st floor.
Eh?
How do you know?
Because this man is Takai, the next-door neighbor.
What?
He can't be... It can't be!
He can't be in Takai.
Oh!
(Cries)
This means this is the bride of Takai.
Yes.
Hey..., when you left your apartment with those two men,
en Takai stayed inside, right?
Eh?
Yes... Since he was drunk, he must have......must have fallen asleep in his bed.
Why would he commit suicide?
Why do you think he might have committed suicide?
Maybe there was someone else who threw him out of the bed.
Because I know.
Because she was the only person in the apartment.
I locked the door, and I locked it with the only key there is.
And if I was in the bedroom, there's no way I could have heard the doorbell.
I can't think why he might have been murdered....
(Heiji) It doesn't... have to be suicide.
Look at this cell phone.
It's this gentleman's, isn't it?
He already spoke to a Kawakami on the phone
a minute before he fell...
And he read a message he received from a man named Nakamachi.
Also, before he went down,
there was a suspicious woman
taking a picture of the building in the dark.
But this has nothing to do with it.
We'll talk about it calmly
when we get the man with the call and the message here.
We'll call the police right away.
Oh, I get it.
You are Mr. Takai's fiancée...
and you were taking a photograph of the building where your fiancé lived...
because you wanted to send it to a friend.
Yes...
Today is my first day here,
I wanted to take a picture and go back to his apartment.
But then, suddenly, a person fell from above....
But I never imagined it would be in Takai...
But this is not normal.
You left the apartment at 5 o'clock in the afternoon,
and he fell out of the window after 6 o'clock.
Did you spend an hour taking pictures?
No.
I started taking pictures after I drove with the two friends.
Like... like both of them were driving buses...
Excuse me, but what kind of relationship is there between you?
We work in the same company.
Today we were all 4 together drinking on the floor of Takai head.
We were celebrating the promotion he got
and we wanted to stay and drink until later,
but Takai didn't take well to drinking.
-He began to berate Nakamachi,
and we preferred to leave.
I was telling him that to be somebody,
he had to stop... hip !, sentimentalism...
and only worry about looking up.
That to be somebody, he had to stop being sentimental?
Yes.
That's why, after the Shimoda had accompanied me at home,
I sent her a message.

"You should also look at the people below you."
-There is also that of the Hiraya. Hiraya, he says?
The Sumiya Hiraya, who committed suicide a month ago.
She was from the company.
She committed suicide?
Yes... In Nakamachi and Hiroya were high school classmates.
In Takai and I had been classmates in college,
and we were 3 years older than her.
They were kind of like our younger siblings.
Hiraya entered the company at the same time as Shimoda.
Yes.
I get it... And why did she commit suicide?
She suffered from neurosis caused by overwork.
Surely, she was affected by Takai always making jokes...
saying that he'd fire her if she wasn't able to finish her work.
It seems that at Takai she had completely forgotten about that.
So when Shimoda joined me at home, I called her and said, "I'm going to go home.
I called him and said:
"The Sumiya committed suicide because of you."
"You have come to your position because you are going to sacrifice her."
It seems to me that Takai was shocked, and said nothing.
Then he hung up the phone,
and when they called me to come over, I found her like that.
So, the fact that she fell in Takai...
Yes, that's right...
I don't know if I killed him by talking to him like that.
Look, inspector...
I just told Takai "fuck you" over the phone.
I promise you I told the whole truth.
I can't be accused of murder.
Yes, that's true.
Let's go, it's the second time they repeat the same thing.
The second time?
It is that before you came here we were asked the same questions.
They were a foreign woman,
a boy who spoke with an Osaka accent and a boy with glasses.
What? That can't be right.
It's those three...
Where are they now, these people?
They've taken the key I had to Takai's apartment
and they've gone up to the 21st floor.
The 21st floor?
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
(At the same time) Hmmmmm...
Eh? (Slides)
(Sliders)
Ah, so it was you?
(gasps) I see you've been getting in.
Well, let the police handle it.
But what do you say?
If we have already investigated everything from top to bottom.
I've taken a lot of pictures, inspector.
Ah, well...
So, this door was locked?
Yes.
The door was locked tight.
So, this is a locked room.
It's clear that this is suicide.
That's what I thought at first.
Until I saw the curtain on the window of this bedroom,
from where it has fallen on Takai.
Hm...
Yes, it looks like it has fallen from this window.
But all I see is that the wind has blown the curtain outside.
Keep an eye on this.
The curtain rod is bent,
and two or three hooks have come loose.
This is clear evidence
that it has caught on the curtain instinctively as it fell.
A person who pulls would never do that.
In this case, this is no suicide.
Murder.
It is a case of murder.
But I don't understand it.
Yes.
The problem is the system you used to bring him down.
A note?
I get it! So that's what it was!
There is no doubt.
No.
The murderer is that person.
And the next Conan:
"The English teacher vs. the Osaka detective, (part two)."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

