Suspense and deductions resolve the tug-of-war between us.
the tug of war between us.
A strange case full of mysteries.
What will Miss Jodie do?
She looks like a child, but she has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futari katatta mira ni.
Kimi to ibasho ga aru you ni.
Oh baby, I can not stop my love for you!
Kimi no Subete ni Natte su tsunaida té shinjite
aruite yuku to chikau yoooo.
Daikirai nante uso demo iwanai KEDO
Daisuki datte uso nanka ya iwanai kara he.
AENA toki sae kimi wa nanimo kangaeru yoyuu mo nai Kurai.
Kono kokoro wo hitorijime ni surun Dakara!
I can not stop my love for you!
Futatsu no ay ga hanarete
shimawanai you ni Hitotsu ni dieteeee.
Soredemo Fuan na yoru wa otozureru mono Dakara me.
Sonna toki wa gyutto oogesaaaa ni dakishimete iteeee!

(Off) "In Hattori and I were not sure.
"Of whether Miss Jodie was a part
"Of the organization of the men in black
"And we went to her house."
"When we were at the front door of the building where I live,
"something unexpected happened."
How did this happen?
It's coming from upstairs.
Oh! (Off) "A man has fallen from the top.
(Off) "A man has fallen from the 21st floor."
So, this door was locked?
Yes.
The door was locked tight.
So, this is a locked room.
This is clearly a suicide.
Yeah, that's what I thought at first.
Until I saw the curtain on the window of this bedroom,
from where it fell on Takai.
The curtain rod is bent
and 2 or 3 hooks have come loose.
This is a proof that it has been taken on the curtain at the time of falling.
A person who pulls discalabro, would never do it.
In this case, this is no suicide.
Murder.
It is a murder case.
ENGLISH TEACHER VS. DETECTIVE OSAKA, (PART TWO)
Oooooh!
This is like the locked room crimes
that are in movies and novels.
But Miss..., can you tell me what you are doing here?
-I live in the apartment next door. - Oh, really?
The two of them came home for a visit
and just as we were leaving to go to dinner,
Mr. Takai fell in the doorway.
Oh, yes.
That's right.
And so?
Do we have the riddle of the locked room?
No, not yet.
But I've been able to figure out that the explanation must be related
with this strange mark inside the window.
A strange mark?
Yes, it looks like the blow of something that has bitten the glass from the outside.
Hm... but what could have done it? (Man) Inspector Megre.
We've already developed the photographs Miss Shimoda has taken.
How nice.
How quickly!
Most of them are pictures of the outside of the building
that are of no interest,
but there was a strange silhouette in one picture and we enlarged it.
Here it is.
But...
This is Mr. Takai!
Yes, it is.
He had caught himself in the curtain.
Oh, it looks like he threw something in the room.
Isn't it a cell phone?
Then the mark on the window is the hit of the cell phone.
But why did he want to throw it?
-Could it be that he was fed up with the cell phone?
That's impossible.
Be quiet!
This is the work of the police!
We don't want anyone from outside getting in!
Ooooh, what a genius!
It's no big deal: we just wanted to help.
Coi, lately, we're always with the same guy.
But, as long as they're turning things upside down for us,
we've been able to solve the case somehow.
But I don't get it.
The problem is the system you've used to bring it down, isn't it?
Miss Shimoda, who was taking the photographs,
could at most tell him to look at the camera flash.
And there was nothing strange in Mr. Nakamachi's message.
All we have left is Mr. Kawakami, who called him.
No one would be caught to throw himself into a mess
just because someone told him to "drop dead".
What I understand is that he tried to throw the phone in the room.
The only thing I can think of is that maybe he didn't want it to break
because he had left an illuminating clue.
The cell phone had fallen downstairs in the entryway, and it wasn't broken.
But there was no strange message.
- (cell phone) Huh?
Who is it?
Hello?

- (Kazuha) "What time is it now?" - Eh?
"What time is it?!"
What time is it?
Well, it's now 8 o'clock.
(Kazuha) "Donkey! What time do you think it is?!"
Ka-Kazuha?
Who are you talking to? W-well...
(Thinking) "Oh, no. I forgot I was supposed to meet the Kazuha."
Hey, what's wrong?
Didn't she suggest we go to a nice restaurant for dinner?
"I'm sorry, but we'll have to let it go."
Wait a minute, Heiji.
Where the hell have you been?
"You don't feel well."
(thinks) "I'm running out of reception."
"Heiji, can you hear me?"
Yes..., I just don't think I can get to where we're meeting now.
"Speak, where are you now?"
Well, look... I'm in Tokyo.
- "You're in Tokyo?!"
-That's right.
I thought I'd figure it out right away, but it's gotten complicated.
But what the hell are you doing?!
We were supposed to meet in front of the Bigman in Umeda today at 7 pm!
I have it well noted in the agenda, boy.
Noted...
I get it.
So that's it?
There's no doubt about it.
No.
The killer is that person.
What's that?
An experiment?
Right now and right here?
Yes, that's right.
If we repeat what the suspects have done
before Mr Takai fell from the 21st floor,
we may be able to figure out the mystery of this locked room.
Hm... But, look...
Miss Shimoda was just taking pictures,
Mr. Nakamachi just sent her an email...
and Mr. Kawakami called you.
Besides, he said some rude things to her because he was very drunk.
You can't say murder about that.
Come on, cheer up, man.
Let's try it, let's try it.
But we're missing something to be able to do our experiment.
What's missing? Let's see, what's missing?
Alcohol.
Do you remember?
Before Mr. Takai fell down, he was sleeping it off.
Yes, that's true, but...
then who will play the role of the victim?
That's true.
You are on duty and can't drink alcohol.
Of course I can't.
And I'm a minor, so I can't play the victim either...
Me?
That's right, miss.
Can you play the drunk victim?
OK, OK.
But on one condition...
that you bring me a bottle of a wine I'm madly fond of, OK?
Of course you can.
As you wish.
Ooooh, very well!
Mm!
This wine is a marvel!
-Ha-ha-ha.
I'm glad you like it.
-I'd drink it nonstop.
Well, inspector, now we'll finish preparing everything.
Yes, yes...
About that... Hm?
Mr. Nakamachi, what do you want?
We were told to come here to make a reconstruction of the facts.
But they gave wine to that foreigner to drink in Takai's bedroom.
-What is the meaning of this?
-Please, we want an explanation.
Calm down, calm down.
We've already explained it to you.
We want to reproduce the facts to make a series of checks.
(Door: squeaks)
Have you finished preparing everything?
Yes..., we've left Jodie sleeping on the bed,
and we put my cell phone next to her on the pillow.
After that, we've manipulated the room...
so the lady didn't notice anything.
What do you mean, "rigged"?
That's part of the fun.
Well, then, we will now follow the experiment step by step.
First of all, Mr. Nakamichi has sent a message to Takai.
Yes.
Therefore, I will also send the corresponding message to him.
(Acoustic signal: beep-beep)
(Beep-beep)
Oh...
(Beep-beep) Oh!
A message has arrived.
"Who are you?"
Miss.
Did you get it, the message I sent you?
Oh, yes.
It's a wonderful message!
Ah, really?
(Hey, Hattori... what kind of message did you send him?
It's nothing, don't worry.
Then you can order the flash photos to be taken...
with the Shimoda's camera, inspector.
Yes.
Chiba, start taking the pictures.
But do you mean we'll be able to find out the setup this way?
We won't know until we get to the end, will we?
Lastly, there was the call from Mr. Kawakami.
You see.
This is ridiculous.
(Ring)
Hello?
(Heiji) "Hello, Miss. Now we'll talk normally."
(Heiji) Oh.

What do you want to talk about?
"I don't know... For example..."
about the answer to the message I just sent you.
About the reply to the message I just sent you.
OK.
But first I want...
"I want you to answer me something."
Huh?
Tell me who you are.
You're not only a boy, are you?
You're not just an ordinary boy, are you?
Yes, yes!
I'm just an ordinary high school student.
- "I'm supposed to believe it?" - Ah, it doesn't feel right, what's wrong?
Oh, it's just that this building is so tall.
Whenever I talk on my cell phone, things like this happen.
Wait a moment, please.
I think you'll feel better
when I'm out on the terrace with the phone...
"Oh. What?!"
(Jodie) Help!
(Jodie) Help!
(Jodie) Help me!
(Jodie) Help!
Help! What's going on here?
Help! M-Miss Jodie?
Oh, thank you, Inspector!
What... what the hell is the meaning of this?
You see, we've moved the bed out of position...
and then the lady wanted to go out with her cell phone in her hand...
to get more coverage.
"She thought the bed was
"Next to the window overlooking the terrace,
"but in fact, it was next to the other one, the one facing the void."
"That's why the Jodie was about to fall."
Right?
And the person who was talking to Mr. Takai
shortly before he died is you, isn't it, Mr. Kawakami?
In fact, Mr. Takai's bed...
was located in front of the window overlooking the terrace,
and you have moved it to the window.
Now I understand.
The moment I received your call,
I just climbed up on the window sill to go out as usual...
Yes, that's right.
Surely you have surely moved it
"When everyone was in the living room drinking with Mr. Takai."
"Mr. Kawakami must have gone out for a moment.
"With the excuse that he was going to the bathroom."
"He sneaked into the bedroom and moved the bed around."
"Then, when Takai fell asleep from drinking.
"He took her into the bedroom and laid her down on the bed."
"Next, he just had to put the cell phone next to her."
(Cell phone)
I'd call him and tell him I wasn't feeling well, and ready.
-It can't be!
-It's impossible.
But what would have happened,
if Miss Jodie had fallen out of the window?
There was no danger.
What?
You see, inspector?
Look at this.
We've tied a rope around her waist without her noticing.
Oh... I hadn't noticed, that he was wearing it.
Well, you've seen it.
Mr. Kawakami, later you'll explain to the police what he died for.
Yes..., you can count.
That is, if I really wanted to kill him.
What is it?
Yes, it's true that I moved the bed...
but I did it
because Takai had asked me to help her rearrange the furniture.
I didn't expect that.
It's hard to believe that this caused her death.
I didn't realize until you told me.
(Kawakami: recording) "Au, Takai..."
"Go apologize to the Hiraya in the next world."
I was surprised too...
to hear him say exactly those words.
Mr. Kawakami.
You don't know it, but...
"Before falling,
"Mr. Takai was caught in the curtain for a few moments."
"He pressed the voice recording function,
"and the conversation was recorded."
These words demonstrate your purpose to murder him.
The phrase you said to him
shows that he wanted to take revenge on his partner.
Here, miss: the camera we've been holding for you.
(Jodie) Thank you.
Sorry for the inconvenience,
I'm sorry to involve you in the reconstruction.
Oh, it's no trouble at all.
It's been really, really fun!
(Jodie) Oh.
Come to think of it...
You still haven't told me your name, handsome young man.
Before I tell you my name,
maybe you should tell me who you really are, right?
Ah... NXT, NXT, NXT, NXT...
But to me the thing that intrigues me most of all
is that you make it look like you can't speak English very well.
Oh.
What-what do you mean?
You don't need to hide.
When we talked on the phone...
"And I said to you, 'You're not a regular, ordinary guy, are you?'

you answered me:
"Yes, yes, I am an ordinary high school student."
In Japanese, in such cases, you usually answer "no".
Although saying "no" would also be correct, you answered "yes".
The fact that you answered "yes" instead of "no."
means that you speak English very well.
I'm sure you answered me in English out of inertia,
just because I am an outsider.
I am an English teacher and you won't be able to cheat.
Although you don't make a single grammatical mistake,
you speak with a totally false and exaggerated accent.
This shows that you make it look like you don't speak the language well
to make others let their guard down.
But I guess we'll talk about this next time.
Goodbye, see you again.
But if I already knew the whole resolution of the case,
why did you have to ask her to drink and play the victim?
Yes.
That's true.
(Heiji) Yes, she is very suspicious, this teacher.
She takes pictures of the others on the sly,
that if she pretends to have just taken a bath...
Yes.
Even though her hair and body were springy,
the hairdryer was still hot
and the moisturizer that had fallen on the tile was not yet dry.
I'm sure he had finished bathing forcefully before we arrived.
But, you've seen him, however, he's showered again.
He probably used that time to do something else.
Something he didn't want us to see.
Yeah, but don't worry, man.
We've taken her photo reel.
This teacher is suspicious, but she didn't strike me as a bad person.
Besides, Chris Vignard, that American actress you're suspicious of,
has completely different features.
She only resembles her in the good chest that she also has.
Yes, you're right.
Mm?
If only this were... her real face.
Huh? (Chuckles)
What's that supposed to mean?
Hey, you know what you're doing?
Aren't they supposed to be expecting you?
Ouch!
Casum the pot.
It's true!
I completely forgot about the Kazuha.
Be careful, Kudo.
The person in question may have stolen police documents.
All right.
Bye.
Listen up.
If you see anyone suspicious again, call me.
I'll come help you right away.
(Thinking) "No..."
"Miss Jodie is not the only one."
"There are still two suspects."
Asa ga kuru tabi kimi no koto omou
ta soba ni ireba Shiawase Datta!
Toki na tatsu koto ni tobiete naiteta
Kawara yuku hito no kokoro he.
Nozomanakereba...
ushiwanai no NIII...
motomezuni ha iranai yo
donna Mira ha Kono saki ni atte mooo...
Yume wo mita ato de kimi ha mada tookute!
Kimochi dake saki hashite karamawari.
Hana no ame ha Furu Kono michi ha kawarazu!
Ude wo Karamé arukitai naaaa!

