Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Today, a conversation between a baseball player and in Kogoro a Okinawa?
turns into a murder case.
He looks like a kid but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

You haven't changed a bit, Nose....
You keep twisting your neck to the right when you run.
What a mania.
Motoyama!
What are you doing here?
It's only 2/4 of 10!
I told you on the phone.
I was able to fly here for you.
As I would in Hideyoshi, right?
THE ROUTE OF SILENCE, (FIRST PART)
What?
That tomorrow we are going to Okinawa?!
You didn't tell me anything!
What?
I didn't tell you?
You know him, don't you?
The king of receptions, at Toshizo Nose,
of the Jaguars professional baseball team!
Nichiuri Television has asked me to hold an interview with him!
But why would they have chosen you?
A professional player and a detective don't have much in common.
What have you upset?!
In Nose is known as the smartest pitcher in baseball!
It will be a duel between his acumen
in discerning the habits and the ball the batter will hit against my powers of deduction!
against my powers of deduction!
Are you absolutely sure you can get out?
En Nose is a difficult person to deal with.
Don't worry, I understand that this sports expert,
who has a good relationship with Nose, will also intervene in the conversation.
"And this has been Mr. Kigure training here in Miyazaki!"
"Morale is high for the Falcons to get the victory!"
- "Mr. Motoyama, tomorrow you have a talk with in Nose to Okinawa,
"But beware of off-color words."
- "Everything will be fine! En Nose is my best friend."
"Besides, the famous Kogoro Mouri will give me a hand!"
What time are we flying out tomorrow?
What do you see?
I think it leaves at 6:35 a.m. from Haneda Airport.
Nose only has the morning free.
What?
Then we will have to take off before 5 o'clock!
Eh?
Conan, today we will have to pack and go to bed early.
Yes!
Hey, wait a minute.
I'll go alone.
Hey, hey, hey!
We could go to the supermarket to look for what's there, right?
Yes, let's go!
Let's go, let's go!
We must hurry, we don't have time.
Father, you could have told us earlier.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeei!
(Man) Hello, Nose!
Have you seen the program?
They aired my report a while ago.
"Ah, you mean the news on Nichiuri Television....
"That's on at 2/4 of 7 in the morning?"
Yes.
Sorry, I went out to dinner and couldn't watch it.
Now I'm going to have a few drinks with some young players
who are training with me.
-No.
-What do you want?
I just wanted to say I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay, and give me a hand,
lest Mouri put me on the ropes.
"By the way, Motoyama, don't be late for tomorrow's flight!"
"You know that getting up early doesn't really suit you."
No problem, my flight leaves at 1/4 of 9 in the morning.
You know that for you I'm capable of flying here...
like I would in Hideyoshi...
In Hideyoshi?
Ha-ha-ha!
Then who am I supposed to be, in Nobunaga?
"It's true that after you retired,
"He offered you a job at the TV station,"
but I did it out of goodwill
because we joined the team at the same time!
-Oh, they're coming for me already....
- (they call)
See you tomorrow!
Yes... And don't drink too much!
You have Japan's record for receptions on your shoulders.
"Yes!"
(Think) "You, in Nobunaga?"
"You're in Mitsuhide..."
(Thinking) "You're in Mitsuhide..." (Thinking) "Damn!
They've finally come with me!
What's the problem?
When you called the TV people,

They said they would pay for my ticket and Conan's as well.
(He thinks) "And thanks to you I travel economy class."
Besides, the other time I saw that Okinawan food was great!
"The plans to have a banquet with a sake and a preciousness, down the drain!"
"Oh! Why?"
Don't worry!
I'll be taking pictures with the digital camera.
Yes.
Eh?
But you have a digital camera?
You won it at last year's New Year's party.
Oh, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry about that.
Oh.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much.
Why did you bring some tennis balls?
It's just that a kid in my class at the baseball club...
called me and asked for Mr. Nose's autograph.
To the others, I told them I didn't have autograph cards..,
but they said anything would do.
And I brought the tennis balls that Sonoko gave me.
UCOM that the father's ball is wrinkled and full of dirt....
If you bring 4 balls it means
there are 4 boys in your class who are from the baseball club, right?
Well, it's 3 boys... The other ball is for me.
Oh!
It's for Eri, right?
She was a good one do the Jaguars...
Yes!
Please, will you ask for this autograph for the mother?
I don't want to hit a tennis ball to a baseball player for it.
(thinks) "It's true..."
It's silly!
Thank you for waiting for me, Mr. Mouri.
I'm at Teranishi, from Okinawa Nichiuri Television!
Ah, hello, I've come with my daughter!
Eh?
Your daughter?
Where is she?
Where do you think you're going?
I'll go see if they have autograph cards!
What a pain in the ass.
By the way, how do we have what I told you about?
You mean tonight?
Yes, I've booked a fantastic place!
Oh! (LAUGHS)
No... We have to cancel this.
I mean the other thing.
Ah, the..., sure, sure, no problem.
I've asked Mr. Motoyama to be added to your interview.
-I'm glad to hear it.
-He agreed right away.
Listen, has Mr. Motoyama arrived from Miyazaki yet?
No, he'll be arriving on the three-quarter and 5 of 10 flight,
so we'll have to wait another half hour.
That is the only flight from Miyazaki to Okinawa.
Then, shall we take my daughter and the boy to the hotel where he will be in Nose?
Yes, but I don't think we will find Mr. Nose there.
Eh?
Why not?
He's in the habit of going jogging from 9 to 10 in the morning,
so now he must be... he must be...
...running down some street near the hotel.
You know the story of Hideyoshi's "great revenge", don't you?
He talks about how Mitsuhide wanted to assassinate Nobunaga
and be the master of the world.
But Hideyoshi, in a superhuman act,
went from Okayama to Kyoto in 3 short days to take revenge.
I don't know, I hate to tell you this,
but I won't let you own the world.
How much time do you plan to spend searching?
The flight from Motoyama will be arriving in a few moments!
I just can't find autograph cards!
I agree!
I'll order the autographs for you.
I'll order autographs for your friends!
No way.
And the mother's autograph, right?
What's that?
And why not?
Sir, do you know if they sell autograph cards around here?
Autograph cards?
Let's see... The nearest place is...
-Oh, there it is!
Mr. Motoyama, we're here!
Sorry to keep you waiting...
I'm Detective Kogoro Mouri.
How do you do?
Masaharu Motoyama.
I've heard a lot about you...
Hello, I'm his daughter...
Excuse me, we don't have much time.
We don't have much time.
We'll continue with the introductions inside the car.
Well, then.
Let's get going.
(Kogoro) Okinawa is a wonderful place.
But unfortunately it's raining.
(Kogoro) Hey.
Let's go, boy!
Hey... (Kogoro) Yes...
Looks like Mr. Motoyama is nice.
We can ask for his autograph on Nose...
Hm.
Sure...
It seems that en Nose hasn't returned to the hotel yet.
Maybe he got tired on the way back and must be resting somewhere.
He's not so young anymore.
You know what I mean...
Eh?
I'll...
Hey, if you sleep here you'll get constipated!
(Horn)
(Horn)
(Thinking) "Eh? It is..."
The uniform of the Jaguars...
But, Conan!
What are you doing?

Hey, this isn't Mr. Nose, is it?!
Mr. Nose?!
Yes!
Oh, my God!
Hurry, get an ambulance and call the police!
"The police?"
Uh, but this isn't Mr. Nose, is it?!
Mr. Nose?!
Yes!
Oh, my God!
Hurry, get an ambulance and call the police!
"The police?"
No... It won't be necessary to call any ambulance...
What?
Mr. Nose has been stabbed in the stomach and is already dead.
Oh... no...
Ran, you've taken the digital camera, right?
We'll take a picture of the scene before the police arrive.
Let's see.
The digital camera, the digital camera...
Ah..., I got it!
Yes...
Come on, Ran.
Come on, hurry up!
First from above, from the right side.
Take 2 or 3 pictures.
Be careful not to get into the grass.
What's wrong with you?
Ran, what's wrong with you?
It's just that... I wanted to ask you to take a photo for the mother,
and now to have him take this kind of picture...
It's really sad.
I'm sorry.
You don't think.
I'll take the pictures myself, you go back to the car, come on, daughter.
Okay... (Sirens)
(Sirens)
Hey, wait a minute... This is... in Nose the Jaguars!
They said on TV that he was training for this area.
Approximate time of death is 2/4 of 10 this morning.
The cause of death is hemorrhaging
from a stab wound to the stomach with a knife.
-Where is the person who found her?
-We haven't found the murder weapon.
Ah, I think it was...
Ahem...
Ah, you found the body?
Or rather... "we".
We happened to be driving by
and found Mr. Nose lying on the ground.
Someone must have killed him while he was running for training.
If I remember correctly, you're...
-Oh, you know me?
-Yes!
That famous detective!
Mr. Kogoro Mouri, right?
All of Okinawa speaks highly of you!
Everyone says you eat like a lime!
Don't they?
(Thinking) "Come to think of it, to Okinawa....
"He participated with Hattori in a contest to see who could eat the most."
This means we've already got the case practically solved!
We're counting on you!
(Think) "You really think so?"
I know a person who will be of more help to you than Mr. Mouri.
Mr. Motoyama, the sports specialist!
What do you mean by that, boy?
Because when we found Mr. Nose's body,
"The blood had run down in the rain and if one didn't look closely...
"You couldn't have known she'd been stabbed in the stomach!"
Besides, if anyone knew that Mr. Nose was current,
the natural thing to do was to think he was in bad shape and had stretched.
But he said to call the police without getting out of the car.
Call an ambulance and call the police!
You seem to be a better detective than Sherlock Holmes!
Please tell us how you knew... it was a murder.
By the way, you said she was stabbed...
before I examined Mr. Nose's stomach.
-The call?
-The call!
After the appearance on television last night,
he told me that he kept getting calls from that man.
A man named anti-Jaguars was making nasty calls to him.
When I saw Nose on the ground, I thought something was wrong.
Is this true?
Yes, and I don't think they'll get anything out of suspecting me,
because I couldn't have committed this crime.
What do you mean?
The approximate time of death is 2/4 of 10 a.m., right?
At that time I was on the flight that left Miyazaki at 1/4 of 9
and arriving in Okinawa at 3/4 and 5 of 10.
-Yes, right now!
Check the passenger list!
B-but, listen, I'm not on the list, you know?
-You know I'm known.
-Eh ?!
Why not?
And I don't like people getting rowdy,
so I always take out the tickets using a pseudonym.
Besides, I was a bit disguised with a hat and everything....
So, what's the pseudonym?
Eh ?
Let's see... Yamada... No.
Or maybe it was Tanaka?
If Mr. Motoyama was in Miyazaki last night, he has an alibi,

because that is the only flight from Miyazaki to Okinawa.
You can ask the staff at the hotel in Miyazaki where I spent the night.
where I spent the night.
Here.
It is the Miyazaki Prince Hotel, room number: 19.
Last night I called from there to the cell phone of en Nose,
so... I beg you to check it, please.
-Hurry, check it!
-Yes!
All right, you should go to the police station to testify.
It would have been a great show with the conversation of the three of them...
A great show?
Ah, he's from Nichiuri TV in Okinawa.
Today we were scheduled to have a face-to-face
face-to-face... with Mr. Motoyama,
but, of course...
It was unthinkable that we would run into the body of Nose
on our way to the hotel...
Well, we'll work out the details at the police station.
Oh, Inspector!
We found this near the body.
A volume of schedules and tennis balls?
Ah, it's my everything!
I'm sorry about that!
I dropped them when I got out of the car.
Inspector!
We have confirmed it!
Ah... it's all right.
About the phone call.
It's true that Mr. Motoyama called Mr. Nose
from his hotel in Miyazaki between 7:20 and 7:23.
You see?
Anyway, I appeared on live television last night,
and I'm sure the whole country could confirm my alibi.
Now that you mention it, it's true.
Did you know what this man who made calls to Mr. Nose looked like?
No..., only that he was a very strange man.
-But this is very strange.
-A strange man, eh?
I've been confirming it with his colleagues,
but none of them said he was receiving unpleasant calls...
Naturally.
In Nose, who was the feared guardian of the Jaguars,
he wouldn't have mentioned being frightened by nasty calls.
But we've been friends for a long time and we talked.
You joined the team at the same time as Mr. Nose, right?
Huh?
Yes.
You won the best rookie player award your freshman year.
Yeah, but I hurt my arm my sophomore year,
and I didn't have the velocity I needed as a pitcher, so I quit.
We lost with the bad luck the second year
and I was just a liability.
I wanted to explain all this tomorrow to the guys who train with Nose....
In this case, I think we'd better cancel the interview...
the young players that we have planned for tomorrow.
In any case, I beg you to stop it as soon as you can.
Catch that devil that has crossed my friend's path,
the man who held the record for receptions...
(He thinks) "No, it's not true. He's the murderer."
Ah, can I make a call, please?
I'll just be a second.
Go ahead.
(Think) "But he has an alibi."
"But how the fuck...?"
"What?"
(Think) "What is this?"
"What's that... feeling?"
Conan!
Conan!
"What was that?"
What's wrong with you?
Are you all right?
You look scared.
He's found us a place, but we'll have a hard time getting there directly.
I'll go around back!
(Kogoro) But I guess it's logical,
because you're the one who killed her!
And the next Conan: "The Road of Silence, (Part Two)".

Kaze no naka warattari naitari Kenko mo shita su
itsumo yume no Temae de suel Futari wa
Kitto Sugus Soko ni shirazu ni ita su
color no kisetsu wa kurukuru megutte iroiro atta ella!
Nemuru kimi no yokogao ni hohoemi wo
ima to ima ga Zutter tsunagatte mira ni nareba ii na!

