Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Today's scenario is also set in Okinawa.
The organization of an alibi goes through the sky.
It observes a sky with a deduction made from another angle.
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

(Off) "We are all going to Okinawa,
"Because a television program will be broadcast
"In which professional baseball player Toshizo Nose,
"sports expert Masaharu Motoyama...
"And in Kogoro they will share a talk show."
"We meet Motoyama at Naha Airport...
"And we're going to see Mr. Nose."
"But on the way..."
(Think) "Eh? It is..."
The Jaguars uniform.
Uh, but isn't this Mr. Nose?
Hurry, get an ambulance and call the police!
"The police?"
I beg you to stop him as soon as you can.
Catch that devil who has crossed the path of my friend,
who held the record for receptions in all of Japan.
"No, it's not true, he's the murderer."
"What?"
"But what...?"
THE ROUTE OF SILENCE, (PART TWO)
Conan!
Conan!
What's wrong?
Are you all right?
You look scared.
No, it's nothing...
Yes, I've been shocked too.
I'll tell you the details...
(Thinking) "What was that?"
Mr. Teranishi, please let me have the car key.
I left something inside the car.
Hey, hey, hey!
Can I ask you something?
What do you want, kid?
The Miyazaki hotel key you had wasn't a one-time use, was it?
Why didn't you return it to the front desk when you finished your stay?
It's just that I'm not finished yet.
I have another interview with Miyazaki the day after tomorrow, which is very important.
But tomorrow you were also scheduled to do some interviews to Okinawa, weren't you?
Go back to the hotel in Miyazaki and then come again,
isn't that wasting money on air travel?
You couldn't have known before that they would cancel tomorrow's interview.
(Thinking) "Coi de snotty...!"
Have you found what you had forgotten?
Ah, no... No.
I must have got confused...
Here, thank you very much.
By the way... how come you're all here?
Well, they're now looking into another line of investigation...
about the place where Mr. Nose was found dead.
Well, it's just in case.
Huh?
Hey, excuse me.
No...
What are you, left-handed?
It's a habit I have!
You picked up the keys with your left hand.
Once upon a time I was a prodigious number 4 in baseball.
Ah... And also...
Why did you pull through the back alley
to get back to the hotel on Nose?
The streets in that area are backed up at that time of day.
That's why, even if you go all the way back,
you get there sooner by going around the back.
(Think) "Huh? Wait a second."
"I could have sworn the Ran had..."
"I'm sure..."
"That's it! I got it!"
"So, it was that."
"It's not that he didn't finish his stay at the hotel," she said,
"It's just that I couldn't do it."
"There is no doubt, the murderer is Mr. Motoyama."
"He is the one who killed Mr. Nose."
"Taking advantage of the shortcut to heaven."
-Eh?
-Inspector!
I've finished collecting the statements.
Tell me, have you found witnesses?
There's no one passed at 2/4 of 10, the time of the murder,
so it looks like there are no witnesses.
My God, we have no witnesses, no murder weapon, no evidence.
Well, let's take it easy, Mr. Inspector!
We still have time until we have to embark for Tokyo.
Besides, I'm sure you'll be able to find a piece of evidence...
that the murderer has neglected to eliminate!
You little brat!
Stop making irresponsible remarks!
Excuse me..., may I... go get something to eat?

We haven't eaten anything since we've been here...
-It's true...
- (guts: snoring)
It doesn't matter.
We'll wait here.
You can go quietly.
-Yes, good idea.
-Does it look like we're all going together?
Then I'll take my car and we'll go together!
Good, thank you.
This restaurant, I come here often.
It's really great!
Oh, let's eat and come back as soon as possible!
(Mobile)
Oops, it's from the producer of the TV station.
Well, we will wait for you inside the restaurant.
When you finish talking, lock the car with the key and come.
(Ring)
- (ring)
-Come on, come on, let's go.
Conan!
(Ring)
Yes!
It's me, in Motoyama.
What's wrong?
(Man) "I received a call on my cell phone,
"And after I felt a call was cut off."
"That's why I'm calling you back."
"I thought you might have some news."
I'm sorry.
I may have inadvertently pressed the call button, sorry.
I'll contact you if there's anything new.
I'll be in touch if there's anything new. Goodbye.
Ah, it's just that...
But, Conan, what are you doing?
I just thought that Mr. Motoyama is a great detective.
You fool!
You're just saying that because you knew Mr. Motoyama had been murdered...
just by the fact that he was lying on the ground, right?
Mr. Motoyama sensed it..,
because he knew that there was someone threatening Mr. Nose!
No!
Remember what Mr. Motoyama told me at the airport!
"Come on, boy!"
What do you say?
Mm?
"Come on, boy."
And what do you see in him, great detective?
It's just that at the time...,
I was pretty far away from you and the Ran:
I was talking to the security guard.
On the other hand, he knew that I was with you.
Now that's... a super deduction, isn't it?
A... now that I think about it...
It's strange, because it was the first time we saw each other...
Well, I guess now we can talk while we eat... Wow!
How crowded it is!
I don't know if there are any empty tables...
You guys!
Here, come here!
He's found us a place, but it's going to take us a while to get there.
So... I'll take the... back way!
Look, I'm here!
Going the other way, I've got here faster!
(thinks) "That's it."
"As soon as I get rid of...
"No one will be able to get the intricacies out of that..."
(Tricks)
Excuse me.
Excuse me, can you pass me the time book I carry in my bag?
I forgot what time our flight leaves.
Yes, thank you very much.
Is this it here?
Ah, that's right.
A relative asked me to buy him a souvenir from Okinawa.
Can you tell everyone to eat without me?
I'd like to go get... the souvenir first.
When I'm done, I'll buy a snack,
and I'll meet you at the scene.
Yes, connoisseurs!
(laughing uproariously)
(Kogoro) That's nothing...
You seem to be in high spirits.
Your best friend has died and you seem to have gotten over the upset.
But well, I suppose it's only logical,
because you're the one who killed her.
Don't talk nonsense.
You... you said yourself that I had an alibi.
If I remember correctly, Nose was killed with 2/4 of 10 to go.
And I arrived with 10 minutes to 10 o'clock.
"On the flight from Miyazaki to Okinawa."
"You know that."
Besides, that's the only flight that leaves Miyazaki,
and well it was, in Miyazaki's live report, wasn't it?
So, how could he have died?
Contesti'm however, Detective Kogoro Mouri.
It is true that you could not come directly from Miyazaki.
If you made the journey via Tokyo,
you could be in Okinawa before 2/4 of 10 in the morning.
Yes, you avoided the main road with traffic jams...
and took the back alley to arrive earlier.
"You have taken the 8:35 p.m. flight from Miyazaki to Tokyo,
"and went to Okinawa on the 6:55 flight out of Tokyo."
This would allow him to get here at 1/4 and 5 out of 10!
Then he drove with that rental car from the airport....
to the road where Mr. Nose was running to train,
had him pulled over and killed her.
You went back to the airport
and made it look like you had just arrived in Okinawa.
Wait, wait, wait!
Wait a minute, wait a minute.

I left from the arrivals gate of Naha airport,
this morning when it was 10 minutes to 10, right?
Even if I had made it to the 1/4 and 5 flight at 10,
and walked out of the gate,
how could I get back into the passenger arrival hall?
-All right.
-He-he-he.
All right...
It's true...
You see?
Mr. Mouri.
We came for you said you had found out who the murderer was.
-Ah, it's that...
Yes, it's true...
(Thinking) "Coi, it's my turn to talk..."
How come the people in the restaurant looked at us in a strange way?
It's normal, man!
We have entered the restaurant, we have sat down...
and left without eating or drinking anything...
You must be hungry.
You want my fruit juice?
Yes, please!
He went to the restaurant and didn't order anything.
Hey, come to think of it,
the passenger boarding and arrival floors of Naha Airport are connected inside, right?
are connected inside, aren't they?
Are they?
Yes, that's right.
So... you just had to buy another ticket,
enter through the boarding gate
and exit through the passenger arrival gate without boarding the plane.
That's it!
That's right!
That's right!
The fact that you have not checked out of the hotel...
is also suspicious.
If you had come from Miyazaki to Okinawa on this morning's flight,
you would have finished your stay at the Miyazaki Hotel.
If you also had an interview scheduled in Okinawa the next day, it would be natural for you to spend the night in Okinawa,
it would be natural for you to spend the night here.
But you could not do this because it was far from Miyazaki.
Could it be that you were on board a flight last night?
-Of course we have proof!
-Do you have any proof?
Don't you, Mr. Mouri?
Do you?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha... What do you say now...?
We'll leave the rest in the hands of the famous detective!
Ahem... Mr. Kogoro...
You want some fruit juice?
What the...?
Yes, it's true!
Please check the flight from Tokyo to Okinawa...
that Mr. Motoyama has mentioned for this setup.
Because we were also on board that plane.
My daughter, she dropped some tennis balls on the floor,
"And the passenger on the side helped us pick them up."
"He was among the passengers."
It was a suspicious man who caught the ball with his left hand.
And this was Mr. Motoyama?
But he is right-handed, isn't he?
It's a habit,
because he's caught a lot of balls with his left hand.
"Besides, his job required him to protect his right hand."
"That's why he used..."
the left hand without thinking.
Mr. Masaharu Motoyama...,
once considered the king
of novice players and receptions...
Give me.
What you have taken from Ran's bag and put in your pocket.
What are you talking about?
You're sweating!
He's hot?
Do you want some fruit juice?
Your fingerprints are on the tennis ball you picked up earlier,
and it's the evidence that incriminates you as a murderer.
Well, that's what I'd like to say, but it's not true.
The surface of a tennis ball is spongy.
and it's especially hard to get fingerprints on it.
And even if we did find that ball,
it would only serve to prove
that you were on the same flight as us.
It would not serve as proof that you were the murderer.
That's why we've deliberately let you take the balls with you
and we have given you freedom of movement.
In this way, you would lead us to the place...
where the murder weapon and the blood-spattered clothes you were wearing are located...
Oh!
There is no doubt that this is irrefutable proof!
You've realized everything just by seeing him pick up the can with his left hand!
It is not that.
I remembered that, although it was the first time we met,
Mr. Motoyama called this boy...
and then I realized everything!
I assumed that Motoyama would have seen us together before we met at the airport.
before we met at the airport.
Well, even a repellent kid like this is good for something.
(Think) "He should have put to sleep with the anesthetic dart..."
How ironic...
A habit collapsed my career...
and now, again, this habit has opened my grave.
In Nose said something to me
after I received the award of king of the novice players:

"You have a mania when you play a pitcher."
"I'm going to check it over and over again until I become neurotic."
"But I didn't find any strange mania."
"And I hurt my shoulder from overdoing the pitching."
"It seemed strange to me that after I had resigned.
"En Nose was friendly and offered me jobs in television."
Last month, after watching a sports program,
I understood why he did it.
(TV: male) "Are there any more interesting stories?"
"Mr. Nose, please tell us-any!"
"Very well. It's easy to get rid of a young pitcher."
"All you have to do is....
"Whisper to him that he has a bad habit and self-destructs."
"I'd better cut this part out, otherwise I'd get in trouble."
(Man) "Really?"
(Nose) "No, a person told me."
Yeah, he hadn't had any bad habits....
And I felt indebted to him,
but when he set himself up as the guardian of the Jaguars, I felt joy...
and desolation, for his actions were as if they were my own.
That's why I found it humiliating!
-Yes.
-That's why you killed her?
I prevented her from winning the all-Japan record for receptions
using the montage of Hideyoshi's great revenge.
I will put him on notice that I was the only one who deserved this fame!
Yes, I was the only one who deserved it, the only one.
No.
You would never have held the national record.
What? I'm sorry I misled you.
I'm sorry I misled you,
but a stopper is the one who has to give the team the final blow.
Even if they make your skin or tell you the name of the pig...
if your turn comes in the next inning,
you must stand on the mound as if nothing happened!
I don't believe that a man who loses his temper and murders...
can carry the fate of a team on his shoulders.
"Father..."
"Kogoro..."
Coi, I'm the one who feels like crying!
Because of what you've done, all this effort to...
Nothing, forget this.
Reflect on the time you have left behind bars.
No, nothing.
Father..., what did you mean by this?
"Damn it, I had come all this way to come and get it expressly."
"Now I couldn't give it to him even if I wanted to."
"No, wait a second."
"If this is his last autograph....
"This is a unique piece!"
Father?
This is a red-backed spider, isn't it?
Don't touch it!
We have to leave everything as it is until the police arrive.
"This is no accident!"
Kogoro says it's strange...
That the black widow's serum is the only one that is missed.
And the next Conan: "The Trap of the Poison Spider."

Kaze no naka warattari naitari Kenko mo shita su
itsumo yume no Temae de suel Futari wa
Kitto Sugus Soko ni shirazu ni ita su
color no kisetsu wa kurukuru megutte iroiro atta ella!
Nemuru kimi no yokogao ni hohoemi wo
ima to ima ga Zutter tsunagatte mira ni nareba ii na!

