Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Today's code is very complicated.
The star and the killer have the same name.
Search and find the telescope assembly.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"We headed to a guesthouse deep in the mountain.
"To go stargazing."
"In addition to Ryoji Amatsuchi, the owner of the guesthouse,
"there were three other people:
"Miss Etsuko Nonomiya, Mr. Hajime Futagawa
"And Mr. Heihachi Mikami."
"They were here because they had received an invitation."
"We went to look at the stars on a hill.
"And, to our surprise, we found the skeleton of a body!"
"In a packet of tobacco there were 6 cigarettes
"Which we thought were a message from the victim. And that night..."
What was that noise...?
Mr. Futagawa?
The same message as before, right, Conan?
No... this time... there's one more.
"The code of the stars and tobacco. 2 °."
That's right!
Now there are 7 cigarettes!
What is the meaning of this?
Well, it seems that the person to whom the 6 cigarettes were referred to
who had Mr. Kono, who was killed a year ago,
and the person that Mr. Futagawa was looking at describing
with the 7 cigarettes must not be the same.
Wait a minute, it is possible that the murderer is adding one more
to try to hinder the investigation.
It could be so, couldn't it?
This is impossible!
Impossible.
We heard something fall to the ground
and we came running here.
And there was no light here when we arrived, was there?
No... everything was black...
The person who killed Mr. Kono
and the one who killed Mr. Futagawa are different.
It could be that Mr. Futagawa was trying to leave a clue.
"Eh? There is blood to a cigarette."
"There is blood on the hand that held the cigarette."
"There's also blood on this other pack of cigarettes...
"That was in his pocket... It could be the..."
Huh?
Ah, your transmitter's beeping.
(Agasa) "Hello, it's me! Can't you see me?"
(Agasa) "Look up. Look up!"
(Agasa) Doctor!
"Hey, you haven't seen anyone here?"
-We haven't seen anyone, have we?
-No, we haven't seen anyone.
"We found something on the floor!"
(Ai) "A cell phone."
Something on the ground?
There's a message that hasn't been sent.
"What does the message say?"
"Will..."
"Will, it says?"
(Nonomiya) Has he died?
Mr. Futagawa?
No!
He can't be!
We think he fell down the ravine and died instantly.
We found Mr. Futagawa's cell phone at the top of the ravine.
We found a message written on it that said "will."
but there was no number of the addressee.
No way.
There was a will on the cell phone?
This is what he had written...
"I invited everyone to this pension...
because I wanted to confess in front of everyone
what I did a year ago in this boarding house.
That's right, the person who murdered Mr. Asao Kono last year...
was me, at Hajime Futagawa.
To Miss Etsuko Nonomiya, who was his promise:
I am very sorry for the death of a person I loved so much.
To Mr. Ryoji Amatsuchi,
Mr. Kono's classmate during his time at the university:
I am sorry for having dirtied this boarding house that he runs.....
And to you, Editor Mikami:
please continue with "Sundays in Space",
even after my death.
He died so that I had a little argument in the ravine
and I gave him a push.
Unfortunately, he fell.
I was going to confess him and wanted to ask for his forgiveness.
But I found it very difficult to bring it up.
Consequently, I decided to make amends for my crime....

committing suicide before the police arrive tomorrow.
Hajime Futagawa."
So he really was dead...
The Asao... The Asao... it's true...
I'm sorry.
Please accept my apology as your superior.
Etsuko, don't cry...
Now we know why he suddenly disappeared
and we have also found out who killed him.
It's not at all clear to me that a person who writes a letter and commits suicide would leave something like this.
would leave something like this.
What?
Mr. Futagawa, what has fallen from the ravine,
stapled these 7 cigarettes tightly together!
Mr. Kono had 6!
Mr. Futagawa had one too many long cigarettes!
If Mr. Futagawa killed Mr. Kono
and saw that the message was about him,
it could lead to suicide,
but I don't think it would give him to increase the cigarettes.
And there is blood on the cigarette that has been added?
There was blood on Mr. Futagawa's hand
and on another pack of cigarettes in his pocket.
There are also traces that give away that she has been beaten with an iron pipe.
Hit?
Yes!
The blood was left on her hand when she touched her bloody head.
In other words:
while the person who had hit Mr. Futagawa,
was the gully putting the message to the cell phone he had stolen from the victim,
Mr. Futagawa took out a cigarette from the other tobacco package
and left it in the packet in which there were 6 cigarettes,
to complete the message.
It is a posthumous message!
Oh... Oh, no...
He surely carried a packet with 6 cigarettes in it
to verify that Mr. Kono's message was about him.
Wait a minute!
If there are 7, does that mean you are the murderer, Mr. Amatsuchi?
Wait a minute...
Heihachi, Mr. Mikami's first name also has 7 in it.
Hm...
Miss Etsuko Nonomiya,
your initials are also formed with 7 cigarettes.
One moment, please, gentlemen,
a little calm, so none of you haven't seen him in the forest?
-No.
-No...
Then let us examine your rooms!
We would not like that the person who has struck Mr. Futagawa
with the iron pipe, has hidden it and comes to us to soften up.
Please, I beg you not to stir things up too much.
Oh!
Hey, did you bring a telescope?
Yes, it was what was in the editing room.
The barrel of the lens, the stand, the finder and a tripod...
The body of a telescope isn't hard enough to hit anyone, that's for sure.
And such a tripod
would have bent if it had hit someone.
That's right...
Eh?
You've been testing with cigarettes, too.
Yes, but I couldn't get anything out.
(Nonomiya) Hey, that's enough!
How long do you plan to stay here searching?
The only thing that could serve as a weapon would be that umbrella.
But there's nothing folded...
Of course it doesn't!
Because I'm not the murderer.
Let's see: what about the bottle of alcohol you drank?
Ah, I threw it in the woods.
When I came across you.
With us, you say?
You followed me, didn't you?
You, the pigalo boy, and the girl with the bangs!
I got nauseous and started vomiting behind a tree!
Ah...
I was trying to decipher the message Mr. Kono left.
Yes.
But I didn't think it was Mr. Futagawa's initials.
I didn't even know what the initial of his name was.
Your turn has come, Mr. Amatsuchi.
But since this boarding house is like your room,
I guess we'll ask the police
to investigate quietly when we call them in the morning, huh?
Yes...
Tell the police to search inside the forest!
If I were the murderer, I would hide the murder weapon precisely there.
Yes...
Haibara, how did it go?
I've rummaged through all the corners of Mr. Futagawa's room
to look for what you asked for, but I didn't find anything...
If the murderer left a last will and she's been murdered,
we should find it somewhere.
Hey, while you were examining the rooms,
I was here watching the people who were waiting.
That Mr. Amatsuchi is very suspicious!
Why is he suspicious?
Yes, he is suspicious!

He kept looking at the register of clients.
-With a scary face!
-Yes, with a lot of attention, too!
The customer register...
Mr. Mikami and Mr. Futagawa
had said that they had only seen Mr. Kono once...
After Mr. Kono had disappeared,
those two men had been here many, many times!
This is it!
Surely this is the day Mr. Kono died!
Yes.
After Mr. Kono's and Miss Nonomiya's names
come the names of Mr. Mikami and Mr. Futagawa.
"This is perhaps..."
There is no doubt.
"I got it. Then that was it."
Haibara, come here for a moment.
(Inaudible)
(Inaudible) Eh?
Please...
-Right?
-I also agree with Ayumi.
A Fusae brand wallet of this size.
If you get me one, I'll help you.
Come on...
(Ouch) Ouch, ouch, ouch, it hurts!
-Haibara!
What's wrong?
-What's wrong?
Ouch, are you all right?
Haibara!
Oh, no!
I might have appendicitis!
What's wrong?
Oh, it hurts?
But we have a problem!
The phone has no line.
Even if we could carry it
we don't know how long it would take to get out of the mountain.
Doctor, it hurts.
Do something about it.
Haibara!
(Ai: crying)
Doctor...
Help me...
(Cries)
Eh?
Yes, excuse me... Could you send an ambulance, please?
Yes, a little girl has fallen ill.
"I thought so...
Hello, please send an ambulance here!
How can that be?
Wasn't the cable supposed to be missing?
The address is: Gunma Prefecture...
What?
Conan?
We should call for an ambulance, otherwise the woe...
What the fuck are you doing?!
We won't have to call for one.
I was just doing comedy...
To expose the person who has hidden the telephone wire
and who has deflated the tires of the vehicles to keep us closed here.
The person who has used the name of the Asao
and who has prepared the invitations to gather us here was....
You!
The person who left the will
Mr. Futagawa's cell phone
and who made it appear that he had committed suicide by pushing him down the ravine...
-No, I...
-It's you, Mr. Ryoji Amatsuchi!!
You are mistaken.
Wrong?
It is true that Mr. Amatsuchi is the person who has invited everyone
to come here and who wanted to isolate us, but he is not the murderer.
Why not?
It was written in the will that the murderer wrote, do you remember?
That the murderer was the person who invited everyone to come here.
If Mr. Amatsuchi was the one who had murdered Mr. Futagawa,
he would have made it look like the victim was the one who had confined us here.
He should have hidden the telephone wire in Mr. Futagawa's clothes.
(Agasa) It's... it's true...
and I would have left it in the room!
Mr. Amatsuchi has summoned everyone here
because he found the bones,
the ring and the message from Mr. Kono,
who had been missing for a year!
If it were not so, he could not have been so precise in observing that there were four long cigarettes and two long cigarettes and two long cigarettes and two long cigarettes and two long cigarettes.
that there were four long cigarettes and two short ones
just by taking a quick look, right?
Yes.
I sent the invitation to the people
who were staying that night because I found those things.
I figured, if the killer found what I saw and the message,
he would confess to what he had done.
But now that Mr. Futagawa has died
and I haven't been able to get him to confess as I would have liked....
This means that the person who murdered Mr. Futagawa is....
Of course!
The murderer is... this woman called Nonomiya, right?
How can you talk like that?
It could be.
If she noticed that the cigarettes
referred to Mr. Futagawa's initials...
Of course, he was avenging the death of his boyfriend's murder.
It's a more than convincing motive.
No, Miss Nonomiya said she ran into us in the forest.
She would not have been able to climb the ravine before us,
run into Mr. Futagawa and push him down the ravine!
But when Mr. Futagawa fell down

and ran to where he was...
If someone had been looking down from the top of the ravine...
What you can see from up there are only a few small beams of light.
It was impossible to know
who we were from that distance!
Put another way, by elimination,
the only person who could be the murderer
is Mr. Futagawa-san's head and publisher, Mr. Heihachi Mikami!
Since the other two are not the killer, you say it's me?
Yeah, sure, but Mr. Futagawa had 7 cigarettes, right?
That was a message from the victim to refer to Heihachi.
It's just a coincidence.
Why should he have killed Futagawa?
If he killed that boy named Kono,
even if it makes me worse!
I wouldn't have any duty to avenge the death of a person
whom I had only met once.
That's true... But that would be true only if Mr. Futagawa
Kono-san had really died!
What?
I looked at the customer record and noticed...
that Mr. Mikami's name
was listed after Mr. Kono's name.
Maybe Mr. Kono knew Mr. Mikami's name from the sound,
By... by the sound?
but not by the spelling.
The "mi" in Mr. Mikami's name is spelled with a character
which can also be pronounced as an "o".
The ideograms are different but pronounced the same.
-One, two, three...
-And the number of characters...
There are 6!
That's right... The 6 cigarettes left by Mr. Kono,
as well as the 7 cigarettes left by Mr. Futagawa,
were posthumous messages pointing at Heihachi Mikami!
Mr. Futagawa has increased the number of cigarettes
because in this way... and by choosing the same brand of tobacco
it could be discovered that the murderer in the two cases was the same.
Mr. Futagawa has been laughing for quite a long time
when looking at the customer record.
Exactly, very good.
And he realized that Mr. Mikami had murdered Mr. Kono.
So... so he wanted to confirm it and it came out wrong.
This is ridiculous.
Where do you have the proof?
The proof is the bag we found in his room!
If we find anything like the iron pipe
that caused Mr. Futagawa's death...
it would serve as evidence to incriminate him!
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey!
Wait a minute!
They checked the contents a while ago!!!
Yes, and they didn't find the iron pipe,
but they didn't find anything specific either.
The weight through the telescope.
Nothing at all?
You have put something else in the barrel of the lens
and you have taken out the piece that was used as a counterweight!
To maintain the weight it should theoretically have.
Au, would you mind showing us the inside of the lens barrel?
Even if you have cleaned it, the blood that will be left...
after hitting Mr. Futagawa will react with the luminol.
Mr. Futagawa's blood is still there, dripping down endlessly.
So, it was you!
Yes.
I've treated him better than you'd expect,
but you had the nerve to come and tell me
to pay you 50 million yen
if you wanted me to keep quiet about the murder.
All I did was punish Mr. Kono for being ungrateful.
-What do you mean by that?
-Punished him?
A comet...
A year ago that day,
that boy by the name of Kono asked me for a favor.
To check if the comet he had found was a new one,
the comet that really...
So, that comet that bears his name.....
That man found it and confirmed it to him in that ravine.
He killed the Asao because he wanted the comet to bear his name?
Naturally, I asked him to name the comet after me too.
But that man was ungrateful.....
"I can't, understand this."
"I have decided that the name of the star
"will be comet Amatsuchi-Nonomiya-Kono."
What?
I thought that...
Come to think of it, that day he said he would finally see her again.
I thought I had found someone else...
It was also a dream for me since I was little!
But.... he wouldn't listen to me.
So I thought I would go to present the comet
before he came back to the boarding house.

But it pounced on me
and when I tried to shake him off he fell down the ravine.
Afterwards, you came repeatedly
to accelerate the skeletonization of the body by putting lime on it, right?
That's right.
It was a big surprise to find out that Mr. Amatsuchi
was the person who had sent the invitations.
All this time I had thought it was a Futagawa thing.
I's eagerness and pull out the iron pipe!
Stop pressuring me!
I agree;
it's an iron pipe, but it's not a normal iron pipe!
A rifle?
Very well!
You guys, get in line!
In Futagawa's case I didn't see him shoot to avoid the noise,
but this time I'll finish you all off.
I'm sure there'll be lots and lots of time... Yes.
No need to be scared, young lady.
You'll become a star very soon.
Eh?
Brat, what are you doing?
Can't you see?
I'm putting on my shoes!
Shoes?
Ha-ha!
What a fool!
You think you can run away?
What, what?
No... I'm just like you...
My shoes aren't normal shoes either.
You see?
Here!
(Shot)
Ha-ha-ha!
"You must be happy, right?"
"Finally, your name will forever be associated with crime.
"With murder, but not with kites."
What should make Mr. Kono
be so obsessed with the comet's name?
I can understand that he wanted to name it Nonomiya, the name of his promise,
but why wouldn't he let Mr. Mikami name it after him?
Even though they were from different grades, they were classmates at the university?
-I guess.
-And they were surely very good friends!
I don't think that's all.
He didn't want to leave out Mr. Amatsuchi,
because when you put together the ideograms "ama", "no" and "gawa",
you get the word "Milky Way" in Japanese.
Do you understand me, guys?
-I get it!
-Oh!
You look great!
Kids, can you shut up a little?
One day I had a holiday...
I wanted to go to the village to see grandma,
and they make me work at this time of the morning.
It will take me a long time to go again.
- (types)
-What a dream.
What a dream.
Where to?
At grandma's house, in Tottori...
Where did you just call?
"To Tottori?"
Ran!
"I don't know who that is!"
Gee, where did he go?
(Mermaid)
What is this mermaid?
Don't... don't tell me what...?!
And the next Conan: "Time limit: 15 hours".

Kaze no naka warattari naitari Kenko mo shita su
itsumo yume no Temae de suel Futari wa
Kitto Sugus Soko ni shirazu ni ita su
color no kisetsu wa kurukuru megutte iroiro atta ella!
Nemuru kimi no yokogao ni hohoemi wo
ima to ima ga Zutter tsunagatte mira ni nareba ii na!

