Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Today's deduction is quite amazing.
A montage like a work of art of the kind that surpasses common sense!
Let's break the alibi!
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

the case of the kimono demon
THE DARKNESS OF THE SNOWY TERMS, (2ND PART)
Asuka went to the open-air baths around 10 o'clock.
And Ema went to the garden temple around 2/4 of 11 o'clock at night.
They were killed with a votive dagger.
As the weapon used, it was the baths located outdoors,
we can think that the Ema was the first one who was murdered.
In addition, in the garden outside the temple there were only traces of Ema.
And one has to pass through the game room to go to the baths.
But we haven't seen anyone pass through.
The murders have happened in inaccessible spaces.
It was the visit of the kimono!
Sakurako took revenge on them with the kimono visit!
Sakurako?
Who is this person?
She was a friend from college.
They set her up
and had her accused of drug dealing
and she committed suicide.
Miss Asuka and Miss Ema were the culprits?
Yes!
That's right.
That's why... that's why she..., she...
-(boy) Yes.
- (boy) Lieutenant Masaki.
We found one of the earrings missing from the victim at the temple.
Here, it's this one.
Oh, it's an exclusive earring.
Each one will cost about 200,000 yen.
And the two earrings, 400,000 yen?
They're very expensive, but that's not enough reason to kill someone.
Yes...
Now that I remember, Harumi, you were wearing a pendant of the same brand, weren't you?
Oh!
Yes, yes but I took it off right away,
because Ema was giving me dirty looks.
Oh, I forgot.
This was in Ema's jacket pocket.
We have learned that the kimonos and the obis from the crime scenes
came out of closets that weren't locked.
Anyone could have taken them.
It is possible that the killer had been hiding them somewhere.
Be, listen to me.
May I ask what you were doing last night?
Miss Eri, you were in the 2/4 bathrooms from 10 to 10.
And Asuka came in after you left.
Yes.
After that I went back to my room.
Oh, yes.
I saw Mr. Mouri on the way.
We chatted for a while.
Yes... We met.
She was prettier than...
Well... Mrs. Yoriko,
you were working with the documentation they gathered.
You must have seen the Eri.
Yes, of course, I saw the Eri.
After 5 minutes I saw the Ema go to the back door.
That was about 2/4 of 11, right?
Did you see anyone else go there?
No..., nobody...
Mr. Mouri and the others went to the outdoor toilets.
But he had hung the "reserved" sign on the women's one.
And Ran and Harumi returned to the game room.
Mr. Mouri, did you feel or see anything unusual in the baths?
Yes!
We felt a lot of movement in the water in the women's bathroom.
What time did we talk about?
I think it was 3/4 and 5 of 11.
Maybe the murder had already been committed.
We only heard the splashing of the water.
We didn't hear any screaming.
Isn't that strange?
What a donkey!
The killer would have stunned the victim
before he couldn't scream.
Are you sure about that?
Yes, of course he would!
-Take it easy, man.
-Don't stick your nose into the investigation.
Ran and Harumi, you guys were playing ping-pong in the game room.
No.
I went back to the room and stayed for 10 minutes.
I'd forgotten... to take my contact lenses out.
Okay, I get it.
I get it.
No one came through the playroom while the Harumi was out.
Yes.
At 11 o'clock, Mr. Mouri came out of the bathroom.
Eri and Yoriko were holding a meeting here.
Mr. Bando, where was it at that time?

I add me to the meeting at 1/4 of 12, more or less.
And then, Mr. Mouri found Asuka's lifeless body.
As for the paper doll,
wasn't it the first time I go down?
No.
I'm sure it wasn't.
After finding Asuka, they found the dead Ema at the temple.
Why did she go to the temple?
That's a good question.
Here is the answer.
"Because of Ema."
"There's something I'd like to discuss with you in person."
"I'll wait for you inside the garden temple. Bando."
This is ridiculous!
I didn't write this note!
But all the same, you up to 1/4 of 12 have no alibi.
But why should I have done?
I had no reason to want to kill them.
Today, the Harumi is the only one who has a clear motive.
Ah!
Wait, I don't...
-We know she hates victims because of what happened to her friend.
Besides, she went back to her room to remove her contact lenses.
No... I didn't kill them!
(He thinks) "Whoever the killer is,
"First we have to find out how these crimes were committed."
"If the victims had been killed with different weapons," he says,
"We would still have a possible explanation."
"For starters, how did the killer present it....
"as if it was a visit from the demon in the kimono?"
Thank you very much.
I've got it!
Ah, you mean the autopsy report.
Let's see.
All 2 were killed with the votive dagger.
The same murder weapon.
If they were two different weapons there would still be an explanation.
What's that?
Oh... Now I get it.
The bloodstain on the handkerchief was Miss Ema's.
Other than that, we haven't found anything...
related to the suspect from the items that have turned up.
And that includes the paper dolls
and the note found in Ema's pocket.
Understood.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
You're welcome, sir.
I'll take my leave, then.
Mr. Mouri, we've got you all screwed up.
We haven't found anything... nothing at all.
(TV) "We now present to you a children's sports festival
"that took place yesterday."
It looks like a lot of fun.
("Children: shouting")
Kids.
The kids on TV, look.
What do you mean?
(Think) "I've got it."
"That's why the footprints..."
"I get the setup!"
"Here, there must be about 15 centimeters."
"Here... there must be about 5 centimeters, at most."
"15 centimeters and 5 centimeters."
"But why her?"
Conan, where did you go?
Ah..., I went for a walk.
"Tokyo Hajime?"
"Ah, it's Mr. Bando."
"Just a moment! Is it possible that person..."
Conan!
Doors the spring pants!
We'll put them near the fireplace to dry.
"Now I know who did it. I'm sure it's that person."
"But why?"
"If the suspect in the murder is that person.
"We have to find out how and when he deposited the paper doll there."
"Mm? What's this?"
"There was nothing before."
"What could that be?"
"It's ice cold. How disgusting."
"So, it was this?"
(Kogoro voice) Investigator Takagi?
It's me, Mr. Mouri.
I'd like you to do a check for me, if you'd be so kind.
(Conan voice) Ah!
Mr. Ogura!
Mr. Kogoro wants you to do something, please.
(Conan voice) What?
Mr. Mouri asks me to?
Understood.
"If I'm not mistaken, that person must be the murderer."
Mr. Mouri, you told us to come here.
Do you have any news?
(Kogoro voice) Of course.
Now we'll find out what really happened.
-Who is it?
Tell me!
-Do you already know who killed the victims?
Well, let me tell you what happened in order.
"We'll start with the mystery of Ema's murder..."
the garden temple.
Lieutenant, can you start up the digital camera in the tubs?
There was something about these prints that didn't quite convince me.
And this morning I figured out what it was.
The prints aren't deep enough.
Say, what do you find strange?
What do you find strange?
Yesterday morning, when I was walking to the temple,

my feet sank two inches into the snow.
"Then it continued to snow the rest of the day."
"So, the depth of the Ema's footprints last night?
"Should be about six inches."
"Instead, the ones that were there only made 7 centimeters."
They're shallow.
I see what you mean.
What's the cause?
They put pressure on the tracks from above.
Pressure?
From above?
Yes, indeed.
Their footprints went from the back door to the temple,
"And the Ogura and I covered them with towels to preserve them."
"But what would have happened...
"If instead of towels they were wooden planks or something?"
You could walk and go to the temple without leaving footprints?
It's as simple as that?
It seems that assemblies always have to be complicated,
but it's really not.
"The assassin must have had two three-foot planks of wood ready."
"He'd place them on top of Ema's footprints.
"And he would walk over them in order to move around."
"And once he killed the Ema,
"he used the same procedure to walk back to the back door."
That way, the footprints wouldn't be as deep, but they would stay the same."
But how did the killer get to the back door?
That's right!
No one went through the vestibule!
The killer walked under the roof overhang doing the same thing,
that's why there are no witnesses and no footprints.
I've been checking this morning.
"At least there's around the back door,
"On the right side of the door, the snow is six inches thick."
"But on the right side, only 5 centimeters."
"Therefore, the killer came out of a room on the left."
"That's why I checked the left side.
"And I've found the place where the snow goes back to the bottom again."
And that... where is it?
Right in front of your room..,
Miss Eri Akechi.
-It can't be...
-What?
The Eri has done it?
The Eri came out of the baths when Asuka came in,
and went back to her room.
Afterwards, she went to the temple using that set-up.
He had previously left the Ema a fake note from Mr. Bando
to show up at the temple and killed her.
Yes.
In this way I could assassinate Ema.
But it would be impossible for me to assassinate Asuka, don't you think?
It's true...
You can't use the same set up
in the ravine where the toilets are.
Besides, no one went through the game room, right?
The truth is that the first person he killed was Asuka.
The Eri knocked Asuka unconscious with a stunning device.
"He's going to take off the clothes she was wearing and murdered her with the votive dagger."
"Then he threw the body into the water with the kimono obis."
He must have stolen the dagger the night before.
This doesn't make much sense, because if he murdered Asuka first,
how does it make sense that Ema's handkerchief and the dagger would be found here?
It's... It's true.
And there's also the paper doll.
That was a set-up I had made with dry ice.
If you use a small piece of dry ice,
you can hang the paper doll from the crack in the ceiling.
"And if you know how long the effects last, you make it fall when you want it to."
That's why the doll was so cold.
The Eri would ask the manager to bring her a cake every day
because...she wanted the dry ice that was in the box.
I understand the dry ice setup, but what about the dagger and the handkerchief?
Wait a minute, I didn't go into the bathrooms.
I could have brought them here without coming in.
Let me give you a demonstration, Miss.
(Man) Understood!
Mother of God!
These wooden boards have fallen
from Eri's room up there, over the ravine.
Now I want you to imagine it.
"The votive dagger that has been used to assassinate Ema..."
"And the handkerchief stained with her blood."
So I could shift these objects without going outside.
Surely the splashing of the water that he felt...
was the two planks falling into the water.
That's right.
Using this setup,
the Eri made it look like the order of those killed was different...
and thus set up an alibi.
Very good, but the question is where did the planks end up.
(Door, open)

Mr. Mouri, I have already taken it!
-An obi left in the closet.
-What is it?
It's frozen solid.
This is what happens to obis
if you get them wet and leave them in the open air all night.
Instead of planks, he used 2 frozen obis.
This way....,
when he put them in the water they would return to their normal state.
We would have been surprised to find only the dead body and 2 obis.
Instead, she put in a few more,
and stretched all the kimonos on the floor in the temple.
In this way she wanted to show that the crime scenes resembled those of the demon legend.
those of the kimono demon legend.
That's a very clever deduction, but... where do you have the evidence, let's see?
Let me see your heels.
Oh...
Let me see it, please, miss.
Excuse me, Miss Eri.
That's all right.
I got a thorn or something.
I don't think so.
She stepped on Ema's earring, which fell while they were struggling.
Last night, I told them to wait for reception...
while I was investigating in the field.
Instead, the Eri said it was better for them to sit down...
instead of standing up straight, and they all went to the lobby.
At the front desk she should have taken off her slippers, but she didn't.
Miss Eri, it was because the foot was bleeding, wasn't it?
Do you have any proof that I took it wrong with the earring?
Just a moment!
I found the earring that was lost!
Look!
Conan!
These exclusive earrings are worth 200,000 yen each.
That's perfect!
If we find her blood it will serve as proof!
It's amazing that you found it.
In fact..., it's a pendant I asked the Harumi for.
I'll give up.
I give up.
I killed both of them.
Eri..., why did you do such a terrible thing?
Do you feel me?!
(Kogoro voice) Her name isn't Eri.
It's actually called Chieri.
You have hidden your real name.
Your last name, Ake, is uncommon,
so people tend to think your name is Eri Akechi.
I asked a friend from the metropolitan to check it out.
Chieri, you are the sister of Sakurako Suzuka,
the girl who committed suicide 5 years ago, right?
Eri and Sakurako were sisters?
Both sisters lost their parents to a fire,
but the Suzuka only adopted the Sakurako.
I'll tell you everything else.
When my younger sister, the Sakurako, killed herself,
I was in Boston trying to become a famous writer.
I found out that she committed suicide a year later.
She was very shy and she had to kill herself...
because someone had her accused of dealing drugs.
"How come she didn't tell me anything? I was her sister..." (cries)
She was the only family he had left in this world.
What Asuka and Ema did to my sister was unforgivable.
So one day... I came up with the idea to take revenge on her.
I asked the Yoriko, a friend from college,
to invite Asuka and Ema to document us for a new series.
"It was a perfect opportunity to take revenge on me.
"With the legend of the kimono demon."
And you mean... this would make Sakurako happy?
All right, one of the three interviewees...
was a person her sister trusted wholeheartedly.
Harumi Fukatsu.
If she hadn't been there,
she wouldn't have known anything about her sister's death
and therefore, she would not have suspected that you were the murderer.
It seems to me that it was Sakurako's will that you should meet.
Maybe she was hoping that if she saw you, she would stop this idea of committing the murder,
she would stop this idea of committing the crime.
Harumi....
Perhaps she was possessed by the spirit of the demon of the kimono
and no longer heed what her sister really wanted.
Mm?
Mmmm... But what the hell...?
Where the fuck am I?
Oh, not that, please!
"Mr. Kogoro, relax. Rest all you want in the baths."
I wanted to get the number of the safe.
See.
The murderer did not know that the victim had left a posthumous message.
He left that safe wide open.
We'll have to check out the workers who found the body.
Who are you talking about?
Well..., the Sleeping Kogoro always supports the weak...
And the next Conan: "Who makes the deductions, (part 1)?"
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.

Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

