Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
The truth is in the wooden cubes.
In Heiji or Sleeping Kogoro?
Who will draw the deduction first?
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

(Man) Has!
The 44th volume of Detective Samonji!
The second part of the "Devil's Will Trap"!
(Think) "What a thrill!"
I knew you were looking for it like crazy, so I reserved it for you.
You did?
Ha-ha...
Thank you very much, sir!
"What a thrill! I've got it!"
"I can't wait to read the sequel."
"Very well, I'll eat dinner in a hurry...
"And then I can finish the book before I go to sleep!"
"And I'll read it again tomorrow when I get up! I can't help it!"
I'm back!
(People) Welcome home!
Hm?
What?!
WHO DOES THE DEDUCTIONS?, (FIRST PART)
(all at once) Welcome!
(at the same time) Very good!
The little boy is back!
Would you like to go to a restaurant?
Yes, it's quite early,
so we can take the opportunity to stretch our legs a bit.
Hey, man, what do you say?
Do you want to go out for dinner?
Pass?
Pasta!
Pasta?
Oh!
Italian food flights?
Oh!
They recently opened a pretty good Italian restaurant in Haido.
Haido was missing people!
Yes, and it's not far from here...
All right, let's go.
Let's go, let's go.
Let's go!
(Heiji) Mmm!
It was so good!
It's great, eating real spaghetti once in a while.
Yes!
Everything was super delicious!
Yes!
We got it right, coming here.
Listen...
What did you come here to do, Kazuha and...
...this asshole guy?
Hey, hey, hey!
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
What's with the attitude!?
You showed up all of a sudden without warning or anything.
I had my plans too!
Ah, speaking of plans... That's why we came!
We wanted to ask you how you have the agenda to make plans!
The agenda?
Hm!
Yes!
We are really looking forward to you coming to Osaka again.
There are many interesting places that we haven't shown you, yet.
What interesting places do you mean?
-The symbol of Osaka!
-Yes, man...
-The Koshien!
-The Takarazuka!
The Koshien Stadium?
The Takarazuka Theater?
(Think) "Neither of these two places is Osaka, guys."
Hey!
Listen up!
You didn't say anything about going to Koshien Stadium!
I hadn't heard anything about Takarazuka Theater either!
What did you forget?
I wanted the neighbors to pass me the tickets for the Takarazuka!
Ah, yes, I remember you said something like that.
I remember you told me something like that.
Then why don't we go to both places?
Yeah, good thinking!
They're having the inter-school tournament finals and I'd like to go.
Kazuha, what's wrong?
We can't go, both places.
Hey, don't tell me you've been passed the tickets for those 5 sound ones.
Who are you talking about?
Well, we have a group of Takarazuka enthusiasts in the neighborhood.
They save up everything they earn throughout the year
and spend it in the summer on Takarazuka shows.
They go to every show they put on, except for one day when they can't go.
The day of the final at the stadium !?
And this is the day of...
Those ladies work in the same company,
and their head is very fond of baseball tournaments between high schools.
So every year, the employees go to see the final.
They had to pass me the Takarazuka tickets for the day of the finals.
"It doesn't matter, it will always be the same one where we will have the tickets," I said.
"In order to attend the Takarazuka performance."
Sorry, this time you will have to let it run.
At Takarazuka they put on the same show many times a year.
But the final of the baseball tournament is only held once.
-What the hell are you calling?
-We can't miss it.

The TV news is full of baseball games!
Donkey!
Baseball should be watched live!
It's of no interest to watch the highlights on TV!
But I also want to see Takarazuka live!
These are incredible seats.
We'll never have such good seats again!
Hey, Ran!
You want to see the Takarazuka event, don't you?
Hey, kid.
You're a man.
You vote for baseball, right?
Yeah, more like...
And what do you think, Mr. Mouri?
Well, I love the excitement of Koshien baseball games!
But I also love the beauty and the sumptuousness...
the Takarazuka shows.
(At the same time) Why do you vote ?!
Uh... we'll do something.
Whoever wins a duel of deductions
will choose the show we're all going to see together.
Deduction duel?
A duel?
At the end of last month there was a murder
in the office of a company.
There are some things that don't add up in this case,
so Inspector Megre has asked me to help him.
This company is nearby,
and I thought we could go there after dinner.
Although... I don't find it very ethical to have a duel like this,
the fact is they haven't caught the killer.
Well, I don't see it as bad either.
We'll help solve a case.
What do you say, you want us to fight a duel?
That's not fair!
There's no way I can beat you in a duel of deductions!
Naturally, I, the Sleeping Kogoro, will do it together with the Kazuha.
You can count on me.
Ah!
Really?
Thank you very much, sir!
Very well... The Sleeping Kogoro always supports the weak.
"Come on! He's showing his feather duster!"
Hey, Ran, will you help me too?
Hm!
We'll defeat him and go watch the Takarazuka show!
What a face!
You'll have two people helping you.
Well, what are we going to do?
I guess I'll have to settle for this guy with the glasses!
(thinks) "Heiji, you're the one with the most bar."
Hello, Mouri!
Thanks for coming in.
Come on in.
It's no trouble at all.
Hm?
Hattori?
Hi, we're coming in.
You can't go to the crime scene.
Now the forensics people have done all the checks, haven't they?
Well, yes.
The victim is Kenji Tsujiya, 53 years old,
the owner of a toy factory.
He worked and lived here.
He died on Sunday the 29th of last month,
at approximately 5:00 p.m.
The body was not found until the next day at 10 am.
Who found him?
He was found by four employees of this company.
Four employees...
These 4 employees always come a little earlier
and have lunch in the cafe down here.
Then they all go upstairs together in the office.
I get it.
That's why 4 people found him.
These 4 employees found his head
tied with a rope and death by golf clubs.
Heiji, how do you know that?
(Heiji) You see the ink spilled on the victim's back?
Surely, when they were fighting, the inkwell was knocked over.
But the assassin continued to do his work
and tied the president with a rope.
I've seen the rope marks on the floor,
so I think he crawled with his hands tied behind his back.
And... you said he killed him with golf clubs?
I've seen the blood that came out of his head.
And you see the long, thin, six-inch marks on the ground?
They were made by a golf club.
The victim was on the ground, tied up,
and the killer missed a few blows when he hit him.
Why did he go to the trouble of tying him up beforehand?
I think the killer wanted to know the number of the safe.
See.
He left the door wide open.
An outsider committed the murder for the money.
We can't know if the company was an outsider or not.
But it's clear that the killer first tied the president up
to make him say the combination.
And then, he kept hitting him because he had seen his face.
It was something like that, wasn't it, inspector?
Uh... Yes.
Hm?
Hey, father, are you on the right track?
-Really?
-The boys are ahead of us?
With this crime scene,
even a cop could make a deduction like this.
Hey, hey, hey!
(thinks) "The mother who..."
There would be something else, wouldn't there?
A strange thing.
Ow!

Remove it because we see it!
Got it.
We found these on the ground around the victim's body.
These 4 wooden cubes.
And what other surprise items do we have, Inspector?
We only found traces of ink
and the victim's fingerprints on these four buckets.
Ink?
Yes.
Note that all of them have one side stained with ink.
And this is the last one.
(Girls: the time) Omocha ?!
Toy?!
Omocha... Does it say "omocha"?
Yeah, I'd say it says "omochiya".
No, it says "omochiya".
Yes, because here are the auxiliary characters.
Hey, inspector!
Could you tell me where they fell, these 4 wooden cubes?
Yes.
This photograph was taken at the time we found the body.
So... this man is...
Yes, he's the victim.
Mr. Tsujiya, the president of this toy factory.
We found the 4 buckets
in the pile of buckets next to him.
For some reason...
these ones with the spellings "o", "mo", "chi" and "ya"
bore the president's fingerprints and were stained with ink.
The ink stains... are the cubes,
and the ink was from the same inkwell that fell on the victim's back.
The problem is who made the ink stains on these 4 wooden buckets.
Yes, we found the victim's fingerprints on these buckets, but....
"It could be that the killer had them touched by the president...
"To disorient us."
Hey, uh...
...inspector, are these the only ones with the president's prints on them?
No, in fact there are prints on other cubes as well.
But we saw that these 4 cubes had prints all over them.
I mean, on all the faces.
Even also on the graphics.
Very interesting.
So, this means that these cubes must be...
the victim's posthumous message, right?
What? (chuckles)
And how do you know that?
By looking closely at the crime scene photograph.
This man had his hands tied behind his back, right?
If your hands are tied like this,
you can barely see or touch anything.
The prints were each of the 6 sides of the 4 cubes,
"Because the victim was looking for the right cubes by reading them with his fingers."
"In he picked up some to feel them,
"But not as many prints were found as on those others."
I think this is because each cube is intended
to have the 5 vowels of each consonant in order.
That's why we found so many prints in those 4 particular blocks.
Also, the prints are made by sweat and skin grease,
that's why they stick to things.
But when a person dies, they stop secreting these substances.
Therefore, even if you want to mark the footprints of a dead body, you can only do it once or twice,
you can only do it once or twice.
Surely, that man took the buckets with his hands tied?
when the killer wasn't looking at him,
"And then he turned and put the ink in those buckets."
"And then he turned around and left them exactly where they were."
I'm sure his hands were soaked with sweat from fear of dying.
The rope marks left on the floor are proof.
But it's also possible that this sense of danger once....
The president made the wrong choice of buckets.
This company manufactures toys.
Thinking about it logically,
the message of the deceased should be "omocha" - "toy" -,
instead of "omochiya".
How cool.
He's just arrived and he's already come up with all this?
Oh, yeah?
Isn't it fantastic?
Heiji is the best!
Oops!
It can't be!
Ran, it can't be!
If we let ourselves be swayed by the pace of En Heiji,
the duel will end badly for us!
We're playing for the Koshien or the Takarazuka!
To win this duel of deductions,
we must find out what the message means before they do.
There may be some clues to the other toys here.
No, I haven't found any other toys that have anything special.
Yes.
Are you sure?
We examined every one of the toys in this office
to see if they were hiding any posthumous messages.
So, it's possible that the message had another meaning, right?
Another meaning?
You mean different combinations for these 4 spellings, right?
Oyamochi, oyachimo, mochiyao...
Omoyachi, ochimoya, ochiyamo...

(Thinks) "This doesn't make any sense!"
Alright, do we have anything else?
Ah!
We found a golf club
and a fur coat stained with the victim's blood.
Let's assume the killer was wearing it when he committed the murder.
The golf club and a fur coat.
But they belonged to the victim,
so they're of no use to us in finding out who killed him.
Why the killer was wearing this fur coat is not understood.
There are only blood stains on the left shoulder...
And it looks like he rubbed it with something.
Yes.
This is another mystery.
We've looked all over the office.
But we haven't found anything consistent with these bloodstains.
Well, maybe the killer smeared it when he took it off...
You didn't find any gloves or anything like that?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Speaking of blood... There's a strange bloodstain right here!
Right here!
Where is it? Where is it?
This blood...
Under here you found a stain?
Wait a second!
You have to look closely,
but at one end you can see the edge of the stain that ends abruptly.
But what could it be?
Maybe there was something else.
Yes.
The knob, the knob.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't touch that!
This board is as we found it after we discovered the body.
It's set up for external connections.
Maybe there was a video camera attached,
until the victim was killed.
The video camera is in the president's room.
Call C.S.U.
to check for blood stains.
(Think) "That's strange..."
"Assuming the video camera was here.........
"Why did the killer take it out after murdering the president?"
"Even if he had hooked it up to the TV...
"To keep an eye on the president when he was tied up,
"He had no reason to take it when the president was dead."
"On the other hand....,
"There's something that makes my head dance."
"Right here, in this office, there's something strange."
"Something's not normal."
Eh?
Ran, what's wrong?
Hey, Conan...
What's that?
Conan, could you do me a favor?
I really want the Kazuha to win this duel of deductions.
I think she wants to go see the Takarazuka with us.
Next time you come up with a good idea,
can you explain it to us on the sly?
I will tell your ideas to the father and he will finish solving the case.
Ouch... Please!
Please?
Conan...
Hey, hey, hey!
This kid is mine!
Why don't you stop trying to fish him out?
Hey, you!
I guess you value friendship with a boy more than friendship with a girl.
Friendship?
You got me on your team without asking me.
Very good, very good... da!
I have to win this duel and go to the Koshien!
"What the fuck s'empatolla?"
Oh, so it matches?
(Man) Yes.
Even though it's very little, we found the victim's blood.
The killer would not notice.
But what was he doing here, the camera?
Surely, the killer attached the camera to the TV...
to keep an eye on the president
until he confessed the combination to the safe.
If he wanted to watch, he just had to put it in front of the safe...
until he confessed the combination.
He was to leave the video camera on to keep an eye on him
and prevent him from moving, while he moved around the other rooms.
Because the killer did not know that the victim had left a message.
If I understand correctly,
it's now more likely that the killer was...
a person very familiar with this office and with the victim.
The fact that he left a posthumous message means we are on the right track.
We should investigate the 4 employees who found the body.
(Takagi) Inspector Megre!
Ah, now Takagi is interrogating them.
We already have the alibis of the 4 employees!
Wow, very good.
So have they?
They are all designers, but they also do other jobs.
"Like Nao Aiko, who does the accounting."
June 29 at 5 p.m., when the crime took place,
"I was fishing, alone."
"The Atsushi Hasam, the salesman," he said,
"I was at home watching a video movie."
"The Isao Nakagami, the planner, was at the horse races."

"And in Hajime Iwatomi, the vice president, was out,
"watching the last round of a golf tournament."
They all have shaky alibis.
Yes, in Chiba, confirm the stories...
and check if there's anything suspicious behind them...
None of them have any witnesses.
(Think) "Behind?"
(Think) "Behind..."
"Wait a minute, if the situation were..."
"This posthumous message from the 4 wooden cubes..."
"Oops! It was a piece of cake!"
"How come I didn't notice it before?"
"Kazuha, I'm sorry, this duel is mine."
Ran, look what it says, here.... I'm so sad.
Ka... Kazuha.
Only if we find it...
...we'll have solved the mystery.
Forgive me, Ran.
Kazuha?
Now don't say anything to me, I'm about to solve the case.
Kudo.
I've got it.
The murderer is...
The thing is obvious.
And the next Conan: "Who makes the deductions, (part two)?"
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

