Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
We want to find out what's behind the victim's message.
Who will win the duel?
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"The Kazuha and the Hattori invited us
"To go and watch the final of the inter-school tournament at Koshien Stadium.
"And at a Takarazuka theater performance."
"But when they found out it was all on the same day they had a sticking point."
"To decide what we would go see,
"Kogoro suggested that we have a duel of deductions.
"With a murder case."
WHO DOES THE DEDUCTIONS, (SECOND PART)?
(Think) "Kazuha..."
Kazuha, what do you have?
I don't know what to do.
There's no way to understand this message.
If we don't figure out what it means,
we'll lose this duel and we won't be able to go see the Takarazuka.
Just thinking about it makes me angry....
"A duel?"
"Silly, with deductions there are never winners or losers."
"Because... there is only one truth. Only one."
"It's true."
(Shinichi voice) Hey, Hattori, you also understood the true....
meaning of the posthumous message, right?
No... Not a word.
For starters, how come we don't have the buckets that are stained with ink?
If these were the real buckets and not some photos,
we could turn them over and maybe we'd see what's behind them.
What?
No matter how much we look at the pictures we can't see what's behind them.
(Thinking) "I get it.... bars."
But, listen, this president that they killed....
he made a great effort to put the ink to the buckets.
Because with his hands tied behind his back,
"He had to read the characters with his fingers
"To know if they were the right ones."
The cubes are all different,
and there is also the figure of an animal to each one.
I would get confused, when it came to picking up a particular one.
If these were Japanese chess pieces,
it would be easier, because there is only one character behind!
"Kudo."
(Think) "There's only one character behind?"
What?
Then it would still be harder, don't you see?
The pieces wouldn't be big enough
to see if the victim had left a message or not.
Ah, you mean?
It's possible that the president accidentally dropped the cubes on top of the ink...
the cubes on top of the ink...
This we can never know, can we?
"In this case, these 4 cubes..."
Have you found out if the 4 employees who found the dead president...
had any motive to kill him?
Uh, yes... First of all, we have Mrs. Nao Aiko, the accountant.
She had been married to Chairman Tsujiya,
but they divorced because she had a lover.
They had problems for the pension.
Then there was Atsushi Hasam, the salesman.
The victim told him that he would be fired
if his sales decreased from last year.
Isao Nakagami, the planner, was told exactly the same thing.
And it seems that there was a lot of conflict between them
over the design of their latest toys.
And on Hajime Iwatomi, the vice president.
It seems he had no problem with the president,
but if the president died he was the one who became the head of the company.
So they all had a compelling motive to assassinate him.
A, one, and... o, u, and... Y!
"Very good, Kazuha! Figure it out fast!"
I can't explain how this company could have run for so long
if there were so many conflicts between the president and his employees.
That's why,
when the employees went to Mr. Iwatomi's house for a drink,
they would leave the president in a huff.
On June 29, the date of the assassination,
the 3 employees were at Iwatomi's house making a drink,
and spent the night there.
The next day, the 4 went to work together and found him dead.

Ah, wait a minute, something else.
It may not be related to the case, but...
Each employee had a strange obsession.
An obsession?
Mrs. Aiko's hands get cold very quickly.
That's why she has about fifty pairs of gloves.
Mr. Hasam is a movie buff
and owns 30 different sunglasses.
He has bought exclusive models worn by movie actors.
Mr. Nakagami will have 40 caps on his brim.
He wears them when he goes to horse races, which bring him luck.
Mr. Iwatomi played very often with the president,
and he has about 30 pairs of golf shoes.
They are of expensive and exclusive brands and he cleans them once a week.
And Chairman Tsujiya was a fan of youthful images.
He collected all kinds of objects referring to young girls.
We found many of these things in the president's room.
You see?
It's also on the table.
Pens and pencil pots with pictures of girls and all that stuff.
That's right.
Hey, Kudo.
Have you noticed?
Yes.
You mean there's something weird about this office, right?
That's right...
But that's not all.
There's something else that makes my head dance.
This calendar must have been bought by the president too?
Yeah, these calendars are what he liked best,
so he kept the pages once the month was over.
Hattori.
You bought... this novel?
Yes.
It's the first thing my mother bought me this morning.
Kazuha, did you find out anything?
Kazuha.
Forgive me, Ran, don't tell me anything, I'm about to solve the case.
Yes.
Understood.
What do they want now?
You don't know what time it is?!
Don't tell me you still suspect us!
No, it's just that...
Besides, they told us that they killed him to steal his money.
Do you still suspect us
because they don't find our alibis solid enough?
But what do you want me to tell you?!
He was at the horse races.
And me, at the golf tournament, watching the finals!
I was watching a movie.
In fact, I watched 3 in a row.
And I was fishing alone.
I'd like to know which one of you found the body first.
Don't worry...
Who is it, this guy?
You guys tell us what happened in detail, please.
The first thing that found it was me...
I was going to sit in my chair
and I screamed when I saw the president on the floor.
When we heard the vice president scream,
we came running and called the police.
Ah.
The calendar sheets were always torn off by the president?
Yes, if we did it and the sheet was torn,
he got angry and gave us a scolding.
The president would do it.
And then he would keep the sheet in his office very carefully.
The president is also the one who made the entries in the calendar?
Yes...
Next Sunday we were all scheduled to go golfing.
I can't get over my astonishment that this has happened!
Well, we've had enough.
We're going to look for something.
You guys talk about whatever comes to mind in the meantime.
All right, then!
Let's get on with it!
Yes.
Let's get the video camera at a blind angle
from the victim's point of view,
and the strange arrangement of the table...
The blood stain that fell on the coat worn by the killer...
The suspect's curious collection...
And the posthumous message from the president of the company.
Yes... Only if we find it...
...we'll have solved the mystery.
What's that?
That one of them has a solid alibi?!
Yes.
I'm at a TV station checking the one they broadcast.
And I've seen it!
Clearly!
Hm?
Kudo.
Oh!
Ran!
I've found it!
The June calendar page.
There's a faint bloodstain, but you can see it!
The killer is...
The thing is obvious!
Eh?
I've got it.
Ran, I think..,
I think I've got the killer.
You do?
You have the solution?
The president left a posthumous message at the crime scene, right?
Yeah, you mean the 4 wooden cubes with ink stains on them?
It looks like a secret code,
but it simply indicates who the killer was!
The killer, you say?
I don't think anyone has a face that looks like one of these toys.
-The name?
-No, no!
It's the name!
I don't think the word "toy" has anything to do with them.

In Heiji said.
The victim may have just put the cubes in the ink,
but he didn't do it because we read what was there.
The real posthumous message is the back side where the ink is.
But we can't see what's on the opposite side of the characters.
I can ask the scientists to carry the cubes.
No, you don't have to, to find out!
Look, the cubes with the letter O would look like this... like this,
if you unfold the cube, right, inspector?
U, E, O?
You all know what spelling is in the blanks, don't you?
Just in case, I checked the remaining cubes here.
And as I guessed...
A, Y, U, E, O, the letter spellings are in the proper order.
Isn't that right?
Yes, each cube contains 5 spellings...
corresponding to each of the consonants
and a drawing of an animal in the same order.
Yes.
(Kazuha) If you know which character is on each side..,
the rest is done!
The back of the "O" is the "I".
So, the one for "mo" is "mi" and the one for "chi" is "to".
It is true!
So the real posthumous message is "y", "me", "to".
And the last one?
Eh?
It doesn't make much sense.
According to the Kazuha, the last cube, under "ya" there should be "yu",
but what you see is "me".
Because this cube is special.
You see there is the spelling "wo" to the right of "yo", right?
Yes!
Because this block gate "ya", "yu", "yo", "wa", "wo" and the N.
If we put it in the same order as the others,
where there would be the animal there would be an N and we have it!
Therefore, "ya" is "wa".
You see, Ran?
Therefore, the posthumous message is.... "y" "mi" "to" "wa".
Imiwato.
This means...
Iwamito.
(At the same time) Iwatomi!
(At the same time) Exactly.
What the president was trying to say before he was assassinated is...
Mr. Iwatomi!
He put his name!
That's right, your world.
Oh, boy, oh, boy!
You wanted to assassinate his head and keep his company.
Oh, no, I didn't.
I wanted to...
Very good, Kazuha!
You've solved the case before Hattori!
10 points!
That means...
We've won the deduction duel!
We can go see the Takarazuka!
Ahem... Excuse me, Kazuha, but Mr. Iwatomi is not the killer.
What?
What?
In Chiba he called me recently.
On the 29th of last month at 5 p.m., the time of the crime,
Mr. Iwatomi was on live TV.
What's it like?
That can't be right.
What do you want me to tell you?
It's a fact.
-Of course it isn't!
-You have a twin brother?
I'm sorry to have told you this, but your idea wasn't right.
There's no right.
No... You're not confused.
The cubes with "y" "wa" "to" "me" were actually...
the posthumous message left by the president before he was killed!
(Think) "Heiji."
But, Hattori, Mr. Iwatomi has an alibi.
Of course he has one!
Because Mr. Iwatomi is not the murderer.
What?
I'm sorry, you just said this was the posthumous message!
Yes, of course I did.
But I didn't say the message was correct, did I?
Please, man, what are you getting at?
Inspector, didn't I explain it to you, before?
Please remember how the president did it to leave the message.
I think the president was tied to the ground,
behind the table, he took the wooden buckets next to him...
and put them in the ink that had fallen.
Exactly.
The problem is the position of the ink stain behind the president.
What's odd about it?
The ink spilled when the assassin and the president were struggling, right?
Yes, that's what I thought at first...
But then I realized that there's something wrong with this board.
Mm?
Strange flames?
Oh!
Huh? (Laughs)
Look at that!
The chair has given him a little tap of nothing and the pencil pots have fallen!
The inkwell fell because they were fighting and bumping hard, right?
Yes.
How come the pencil pots didn't fall?
That's right.
It's as if the murderer... spilled ink on the ground on purpose, right?
No way!
How could he do that, the killer?
It was a way to make it easier for the president

to write a clue to accuse his aggressor...
No way!
Did she do it on purpose?
Oh.
That's right!
The murderer deliberately spilled ink
to make the president write a posthumous message accusing him!
But if he did that, it would soon be discovered that he was the murderer.
Yes, but only if the president saw his face.
Can he be put on the ground as if he were tied up like the president?
What?
Okay.
Maybe this way you'll understand how the president felt.
How he felt, let's see...
Of course he did!
It's the shoes!
It's the shoes!
The murderer limited the victim's field of vision with the board
and made him deduce that it was for the shoes he was wearing!
In other words, the killer put on white shoes...
to make him leave a wrong posthumous message about him.
That's why the video camera was set at the victim's blind angle!
"The killer watched the president
"To make sure he wrote the posthumous message he wanted."
Of course.
Then he murdered the victim!
But who did it?
Eh?
Hey, Kogoro.
We found this calendar sheet with something strange on it
in the president's room.
I think you'll know what it is, right?
Well, it's a little smudged, but other than that...
(Heiji) Man, you don't see it?
Yes, man, look, they've cleaned it, but it's a bloodstain!
Doesn't it seem strange to you, all of it?
They're going to assassinate him on June 29th,
and instead, when someone arrives at the scene...
the sheet for the month of July is hung up.
In addition, there is a date written on it that corresponds to June 30.
Who the hell tore the sheet and for what reason?
(Think) "Ep, for the car."
The June sheet was torn off
because someone wanted to hide the bloodstain.
Where have we found a blurred stain like this?
Ah!
The coat the killer was wearing!
The shoulder stain that was kind of blurred!
That's why I had the 4 employees stand in front of the calendar.
"Stop!"
The only person tall enough...
to touch the top of the calendar with his or her shoulders...
It's you, Mr. Atsushi Hasam!
You're the only one who could reach!
"He said so...!"
When the president returned to the office,
you knocked him unconscious from a golf club.
"He was wearing Mr. Iwatomi's golf shoes,
"And hooking up the video camera,
"I saw that the president would leave the wrong message about the assassin."
"He must have gotten pretty quiet and leaned against the wall."
"Then he left the smudge on the calendar..."
He didn't get rid of that sheet so he didn't notice it until the next day.
It was easy to take the white golf shoes to Mr. Iwatomi.
Because the four of you often went for a drink at his house.
You had plenty of opportunities to take the picture, didn't you?
This is all very well,
but his height is not conclusive evidence to charge him.
Actually, the proof is the shoes!
"You were wearing Mr. Iwatomi's shoes.
"Until the president left the message."
"That's a long time..."
"Surely the smell of your feet was impregnated!"
A police dog will be able to recognize your scent right away.
It would have a good enough reason to wear those shoes....
until they were impregnated with the smell of his feet.
He wanted to assassinate the president and set up the Iwatomi
to foist the assassination on us.
He wanted to do it outside of toy production.
Why me?
I have never treated you badly or disrespected you.
It is not me you have treated badly, but the children.
The children who had to play with the toys...
that you and the president would sell.
What do you mean by this?
(Aiko) Look at these cubes.
The vertices of the cubes are rounded to avoid accidents.
But the president told us...
to stop taking this measure to reduce costs.
And also with the other toys.
They may be more attractive to children and make more money,
but they are dangerous for the children.
If we didn't follow their guidelines, they would dispatch us.
But they didn't need to kill him either.

This company had financial problems.
That it had problems?
Well...
What do you think the president said when he had it tied up?
"Iwatomi! Are you doing this for money? I've got plenty!"
"Look at the safe!"
-He had money?
-What?
I don't know how he managed to make so much money and pass for poor.
But it doesn't matter now.
I didn't want to cheat the kids by selling them poorly made toys.
I'm impressed.
You've solved the set-up.
It's all thanks to the novel.
My mother bought it for me this morning.
The title made me think a lot about this setup.
You better thank your mother.
-Yes!
Now we can go to the Koshien!
-You won the duel thanks to her.
(Kazuha) Congratulations, Heiji.
(Thinking) "I forgot about it! The... the duel!"
I'll have to go practice brain games.
Hey!
Kazuha, wait!
Hey, Kazuha, do you want me to ask him, let's go to Takarazuka?
After all, you've solved the complicated mystery of the message.
Let it go.
You've won half a duel, woman.
(Think) "In fact, I didn't want to see the Takarazuka or the match."
"I wanted to see the beaming smile that makes on Heiji when he solves a case."
Which is strange.
What did I do... wrong, this time?
"Bobo."
Oh!
This is the Koshien thing?
(Mobile)
What's this for?
He could come looking for it himself!
It all suggests that he doesn't care if his identity is known.
He said if we don't find him before the match is over, he'll die!
Maybe he's still there!
In the next Conan, a special:
"The Miracle of Koshien Stadium!"
"Never give up on the invisible devil."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

