Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Here's a warm suspense in a cold season like winter.
Today's episode is a 2-hour special.
A difficult case in a big scenario.
.... has the brain of an adult and is detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

THE MIRACLE OF KOSHER
DO NOT SURRENDER TO THE INVISIBLE DEVIL, (PART 1)
(Helicopter)
(TV: female) "The Koshien field is the dream and goal
"Of high school baseball players."
"The Japanese baseball tournament competition will start today!"
"This year, 4,146 schools from all over the nation have participated....
"And 160,000 players."
"49 are the schools that have qualified as winners."
"The players are impatiently waiting for the game to begin.
"on the practice fields next to first base."
"Now, we will introduce you to the schools...
"that will participate in this unique event."
"Representative Okinawa Prefecture,
"Okinawa Chuei High School."
"Representing Kagoshima Prefecture, Kakurejima High School."
"Representing the headquarters of... Miyazaki,
"Tadohara Kohio High School."
"Representing Awa Prefecture, Meiho High School."
"Representing Kumamoto Prefecture, Sanjo High School."
"Representing Nagasaki Prefecture, Yoseho High School."
"Announcing the start of the National High School Baseball Tournament!"
"We hope you enjoy it. Thank you."
(Male) "Let the players come in."
(Female) "After Yadohara High School,
"Meiho High School makes its entrance."
"This is the third time this school has participated in this tournament."
"Representative Osaka! Ohgane High School."
"Here we have the representative of Osaka, Ohgane High School."
(Male) "And now the oath!"
"Representative all players,
"Captain Kawakami of Toyama High School."
"I swear that we,
the players who have come here
"With our hearts full of joy, happiness and excitement,
"We will put all our soul here and compete with nobility and courage."
"We will give our best
"And we will demonstrate the results of months of training."
"Captain Tomoya Kawakami told you,
"of the Toyama South High School Baseball Club...
"and representative of all the players here present."
"The Koshien."
"This is where the baseball players from the chosen high schools
"Gather together, coming from all over the nation,
"to compete using all their skills and strength."
"It is the highlight of a milestone!"
"It is the sanctuary where the goddess smiles on the champions,
"And it's the stage where these baseball games are played."
"Yes..., sometimes the Koshien lures those who fall under its spell.
"To an unbelievable fate."
"Since they couldn't agree whether they wanted to attend the final.
"Or go to see a Takarazuka magazine during the vacations,
"Heiji and the Kazuha set themselves a challenge."
"The case of the deduction match was a murder.
"Which they tasked Kogoro to solve."
"The clue was wooden dice
"that the company president had left as a posthumous message."
"Thanks to the clue in Heiji, the Kazuha deciphered the message."
"However, en Heiji is the one who found out who the murderer was...
"And he won."
Now we can go to the Koshien.
(Kazuha) Congratulations, Heiji.
(Thinks) "I forgot about it! The duel!"
I'll have to go practice brain games.
(Kazuha) Hey!
Kazuha, wait!
Kazuha, do you want me to ask him to go to Takarazuka?
After all, you have solved the mystery of the message.
Let it go.
You've won half a fight, woman!
(Thinking) "The truth is that what I wanted to see...
"It wasn't the Takarazuka or the baseball game."
"It was... the glowing smile he makes at Heiji when he solves a case."
Oh!

The Koshien!
Surely it was here!
And here too!
Everywhere!
Ha-ha-ha!
Yoko!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yoko?
Yes, woman.
The idol Yoko Okino, the singer was going to Kohnan High School.
(Think) "Eh, we're not there yet?"
Eh... Kudo, are you okay?
No...
(Kogoro) By the way, why do they call it Koshien?
Why not Hyogo Stadium or Kansai Stadium?
That would be a more appropriate name.
The year the Koshien was completed was a lucky year,
because, after 60 years,
the first sign in the 10-sign calendar and the first sign in the 10-sign Chinese calendar
and the first sign of the Chinese 12-sign calendar coincided.
You know a lot of things.
(Heiji) You don't know the first thing about baseball,
and when it comes to nonsense you are a know-it-all bogeyman.
The Koshien is much more than that.
The famous ivies planted here number 430 in total,
and their leaves could cover up to 8,000 tatamis in total.
Although it is an old stadium, it can hold 53,000 people,
practically the same capacity as a first division stadium.
Isn't that fantastic?
(He thinks) "Another one who knows useless things."
(People: shouts of enthusiasm)
It's starting.
(At the same time) Good luck!
(At the same time) Ohgane winner!
Ohgane winner!
Ohgane winner!
(Megaphone: female) Start of the first inning.
Player Inoue, first batter of Ohgane High School!
Number 1, middle.
(Man) Ball in play!
(Siren)
- (shouting)
-Strike!
Strike!
Batter struck out!
Sakuraba is coping courageously!
A player eliminated.
Kohnan's new batter approaches!
The pitcher is in Sakuraba, a junior!
He makes the second pitch.
Strike!
Strike!
This steel pitcher does not give an inch of ground!
He will then make the second pitch!
Strike!
Strike two!
Strike!
And with this pitch he eliminates a new player!
(Speaker: female) "Namioka. Second middle."
(Girls) Viva, viva, Kohnan!
Viva, viva, Kohnan!
After..., he throws the third pitch!
Strike, batter out!
Namioka out, after 3 strikes!
He is already the second player eliminated from his team!
But the offense continues!
And now...!
The hitter Kikichi from Kohnan High School, third year!
In this tournament, he is a veteran
and his percentages stand out from the other players.
Well, now for the big showdown against Kikichi!
He makes a great throw!
Strike!
The pitcher's game with his catcher is very prudent!
He makes the second pitch!
Strike!
Strike!
He has defined a fantastic curve and has scored a strike!
The next batter will be on Nagashima!
Strike!
Player out!
With some really dangerous pitches,
Kohnan's team has not been able to make a move.
The first inning is over and the score remains 0-0.
Now it will be Kohnan's, who will take the mound.
(Speaker: female) "Second half of the first inning."
"Batter Matsuda of Ohgane High School. Number 6, center."
Strike!
(Shouting)
Strike out!
That's right, that's very exciting!
Strike, batter out!
"Batter Morita. Number 7, third base."
Strike, batter out!
In Sakuraba he's taken the lead and already struck out another.
"Batter Watanabe. Number 8, catcher."
He will now take the bat on Watanabe, the catcher!
Pitcher Sakuraba throws out the first pitch.
(Man) Out!
He hit it hard!
But, unfortunately, it's gone out the side!
It's gone out.
(Cheerleaders) Hurray, hurray, Kohnan!
Viva, viva, Kohnan!
Strike!
Strike, batter out!
With Sakuraba in front,
Kohnan High School remains unbeaten against Ohgane High School!
"Second part of the second inning."
"Batter Nagashima, Kohnan High School."
"Number 4, third base."
Look, the star of the hour now takes the bat!
In Nagashima, from Kohnan High School!
(Audience: standing ovation)
Listen to this.
The clamor of the people is so great
that we don't even feel them announce the player!
By some strange coincidence,
these same players have competed against each other,
on 3 occasions, in 3 Koshien finals!

Will the same team as last year, Kohnan High School, win?
Or Ohgane High School, which intends to win?
in the spring and summer tournaments in succession?
The pitcher raises his arms above his head and prepares to do...
and prepares to throw... the first pitch.
Now it's coming!
(Man) Strike!
(He thinks) "Now that's a strike! Strike... Strike..."
(Kazuha) Mr. Kogoro!
-Ah...
-What are you staring at all the time?
Father!
It's over there, where they're playing!
I'll bet anything he's watching the cheerleaders.
How disgusting!
We've come all this way to come here,
so... watch the game!
Yeah, you say what you want, kiddo,
but the place where we are is so far away that we can barely see the game.
You could have given us a little better seats, man.
(Man) I'm sorry...
I asked an acquaintance, who lives here,
to queue up to get the tickets,
but it wasn't quite in time.
Inspector Ohtaki...
Besides, the match between Ohgane and Kohnan is very popular,
and if you don't come early in the morning, it's impossible to find a free seat.
"Then you should have bought the tickets earlier, you bunch of nincompoops."
The pitcher, face to face with Nagashima.
Now he throws the second pitch!
He's got the bat right!
The ball goes out with force!
It's going away!
Here, have some ice cream!
I've bought one for each of us!
Thank you very much!
How cool!
You're welcome, you're welcome.
But, Inspector Ohtaki, are you sure you can come here?
What about work?
Don't worry, it's all right.
He's asked for a party.
Oi, Inspector?
Yes.
I've been watching all the games since the semifinal.
I see you like Koshien!
You're so fond of him!
He doesn't look it, but he played baseball when he was in high school!
Didn't he?
Yes?
Come on, Kazuha.
It's no big deal.
-What a shame...
-Wow, wow.
Really?
So, you, inspector, have you also set foot in Koshien Stadium?
No.
The furthest we ever got...
was to be among the top 8 teams in the preliminaries.
But coming here and watching them play brings back so many memories.
When we were giving our heart and soul...
"...to go after a ball..."
...dirty with dirt and sweat.
Wow, what memories.
(Man) "Ohtaki, what do you think you're doing?!"
"He has!"
"What's wrong with you?"
"You can't even catch a ball like this?"
"I have no talent for baseball...."
"This is not true. Don't give up..."
"All you need is to practice more."
"You're right. I'll practice more and get better. Of course!"
- "Yes, sir!"
- "You, Ohtaki! Hey, you nerd!"
"You'll be the number 7 and catcher of the training team.
"against Yakushiji High School."
- "That's great! Let's try hard!"
- "Yes, sir!"
"Yes..."
"Captain... Maybe I have no talent for baseball."
"This is not true... You don't give up and practice more and more!"
"If you give up before you do anything, you're finished."
"When I started I looked like a woozy duck, too," he said,
"But I stayed every day at school to practice."
"And one day, I realized I had become a captain."
- "No, I was very bad."
- "You're not a good player?"
"Really?"
"Yes... So don't give up!"
"Why are you making this whiny face?"
"The newer teammates see you so depressed that they don't know what to do."
"Ohtaki, you're the one who brought the weak team we were to where it's gotten to."
"Our younger teammates will be the ones who make it to the Koshien."
"I have only one thing left to say to you."
"Whatever happens..."
"Whatever happens, you must not give up!"
(Boys) "Yes, sir!"
So I am convinced
that all the effort I put in was worth it.
I get the impression that he will never give up.
Word.
The Koshien is a magnificent and wonderful place.
This place is shit... just shit.
You think so too, don't you, Hiroshi?
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.

Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

