Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
DETECTIVE CONAN
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

THE MIRACLE OF KOSHER.
DO NOT SURRENDER TO THE INVISIBLE DEVIL, (PART 3)
(Megaphone: female) "We are in the top of the fourth inning,
"The Ohgane School batter is in Shigeta,
"Number 5, outside left."
(Announcer) At Sakuraba, face to face with at Shigeta.
He throws out the first pitch!
He's given it!
It's to the left line.
He's caught the ball!
He's caught it!
He's got it!
What a great play!
(Audience: standing ovation)
That third baseman is unbelievable!
Yes... Yes, he is.
Anyway..., we have to crack this code!
We have to figure out what this 47, 3, 4 refers to,
before the end of the sixth inning and we have to find the other phone,
"Before the man in the white hat
"Use the bomb to commit suicide!"
But this time we also have some hard numbers to crack this time.
No, we've figured out half of what it says!
Because we've figured out that the first code 96, 7, 13 indicated....
that the first cell phone was on row 13
at the end of the left flag stand!
"The 96 indicates the distance from the finish base."
"The 7 in square brackets is the number worn by the player
"Who occupies the outside left position."
The 13 at the end, the seat in row 13!
This means that the number 3 in square brackets
is the number he wears behind the jersey,
and the last one is a seat in row 4.
But if we don't know where this seat is located....
It's likely that the first one, 47, indicates its location.
But it must be a seat near first base.
To high school games, it takes 2 the first base....
But, Heiji..,
who brings a 3 to the Kohnan's team is the third baseman...
Eliminated!
(Heiji) But it's a special case, so we don't have to worry about it.
But if the man has put the code...
considering this match between Kohnan and Ohgane,
maybe we should take it into account.
So, let's do this:
I'll check row 4 of the diamond bleachers,
and you, my boy, go check the third base side!
And me, what do I do?
When I've mediated us
to get into the diamond bleachers,
wait for us where the Koshien's plane is.
That place is the center of the diamond bleachers
of the first and third base.
When you find the phone, it will be very easy for us to meet there.
Understood.
While I'm waiting I'll call and ask the researcher I know,
what happened.
If the man has bombed Takano Transportation,
it's possible he had something on someone.
Yes, do that..., Mr. Ohtaki.
Strike!
Strike out!
A streak of 8 strikes in a row!
The buzzing of the ball has not weakened in the slightest.
-Ah!
-Come on, come on!
Hey, you, look, what's this guy doing?
Excuse me, I was looking for something.
Very good, they are putting all the effort!
Will he eliminate the ninth player all at once?
(Think) "Donkey! Use more balls and slow down the pace of the game."
What?
And this is true?
(Man) "Yes. Last month a Takano Transport truck..."
(Exclamations of surprise)
What?
(Audience: standing ovation)
It's a home run!
At the end of the fourth inning,
thanks to the Kohnan's stroke of genius, they take a one-run lead!
Wow, I can't keep up with the game....
I have to find it in a hurry.
(Radio: announcer) "He's hit it in a magnificent way."
"He uses a wooden bat, not a metal one..."
(Think) "47, 3, 4..."
"Metal?"
"Metal... Metal... Metal..."
"Metal..."
Strike!
Batter struck out!
(Big cheer)
Kubota eliminated, and with him we reach 3 players eliminated.

But this time, Kohnan is ahead,
with the advantage given to them by Nagashima's home run.
On the other side, we have Ohgane High School,
the batter's cubicle we have in Watanabe, number 8.
(Cheerleaders) Ohgane!
Ohgane!
In Sakuraba makes a great pitch to Watanabe.
He's hit it!
They couldn't stop it!
He's out!
In Nagashima, Kohnan's third baseman makes a spectacular catch.
Strike.
INAO throws out the third pitch to in Sakuraba.
Strike, batter out!
3 grounded out via the walk-off walk.
Kohnan walks, scoreless.
At the end of the fifth inning, the score remains 0-1.
Kohnan advanced on a home run by Nagashima.
Out!
(Loud cheering)
(Megaphone: female) "We are in the second half of the sixth inning,
"And Kohnan's batter is in Michishita, number 9, second base."
Hey, Kudo.
How do you have it?
Have you found it?
No.
I've been looking all over row 4, but there's nothing anywhere.
I'm the same!
So, good.
How did it go for you?
I guess we'll have to figure out the meaning of this 47...
Hey, Hattori...
Mm?
What do you mean, Kudo?
Al Koshien... is there anything that starts with the word "gin"?
Let me think...
The word "gin" or "metal" would refer... to Ginsana.
Eh?
But is there anything with that name?
"But don't you see it there where you are?"
"This huge cover behind the protective netting."
Then, no doubt, the second cell phone is there!
"Eh? Why?"
You know.
47 is the number of gold.
That's right!
47 is the number of gold in the periodic table!
We went into the bleachers behind the net
and check the seats in the fourth row.
Will we be on time?
The seats in the cover, there are 100 per row!
If we check the seats one by one they should eliminate the batter.
So, could it be first or third base?
This we have already checked!
There is a 3 after the 47...
It must be something else!
The number 3 of the player that will tell us the exact seat.
Oh!
I've got it!
"Now I get it, Kudo!"
There's another uniform with number 3!
-Huh?
Hello, Heiji!
-Mr. Ohtaki!
Have you cracked the code yet?
Yes...
The 47 refers to the stadium roof,
and the 3 in brackets is...
the monument to "Babe" Ruth, the god of baseball, which bore the number 3.
This means... that the second phone is this one.
This monument is located slightly to the left
from the center.
Taking the center as a reference,
it is under the cover slightly to the left,
behind the protective netting.
One seat away from row 4!
(Audience: loud shouting)
-What happened?
-What was that?
They got first base so the catcher has cracked!
But we have to hurry!
They've already struck out 2. There's only one player left!
(Announcer) Ball!
The two threes!
We're in the bottom of the sixth inning,
and we've got 2 players out
and a runner on first base due to a miscue!
They're going bad!
If this batter is successful, out comes the great Kohnan crack,
who has already hit a home run!
Very good!
The pitcher picks up momentum
and throws his sixth ball off the mound!
He throws it!
He's hit the ball!
It's a null volley.
But the ball flies by Kohnan's dugout.....
The catcher gives up going for it.
The pitcher goes for the ball and into Kohnan's dugout!
Is the pitcher all right?
He's caught the ball!
He's caught it!
The fantastic play of the pitcher has allowed to eliminate the player...
-That's really reckless!
-That's awesome!
I doubt that all the guys are like this.
You can tell these are the Koshien finals!
The passion the players show for the ball touches everyone's heart.
(Heiji) "You piece of log!"
I'll find the third phone right now!
Get ready, wherever you are,
because I assure you, you'll have me there in no time.
(Communication cut off: tud)
Damn it!
He hung up without saying anything...
Now that I remember, Hei-chan.
You know about the Takano Transport case?
Yes.
According to what my colleague told me,

The company's truck ran over a person in Tokyo a month ago.
It looks like that person died.
Maybe... it has to do with all this.
Yes, but what does it have to do, this, with the Koshien?
-Very well!
Now it is so much!
-In... although I don't know, but...
We'll take that man and ask him directly!
Now we already know how we have to decipher the code, so...
What is this?
Here is only written... the number of the row.
(Thinking) "So we have no clues?"
Hiroshi...
Why is that?
How come there is only the row number written?!
Maybe he did it
because a while ago you called him on the phone in a rage.
"You, you piece of shit! I'll find the third phone right now!
"Go get ready wherever you are, you'll have me there!"
("Tut-tut")
"Damn it! He hung up without saying anything..."
If he said he wanted to kill himself with a bomb,
I wouldn't be surprised if he got angry
and decided not to give you any clues!
If he was a person who would go up the walls with something like that,
he would have pressed the detonator by now!
This must mean something...
The gaps in this code indicate some tier of the stadium where we are!
But that man is strange.
If he really wants to commit suicide,
how come he gives complicated clues and makes people have to find out where he is?
He must want someone to stop him.
I'm convinced that in his heart of hearts, this guy wants someone to stop him,
this guy wants someone to stop him...
He wants someone to stop him?
So that the codes he has thought of would not have been possible
if it wasn't because he is interested in Koshien or baseball!
Hard to believe that such a person would want to do this to the Koshien....
Let alone use a bomb to commit suicide, don't you find?
I guess you're right...
-Yes?
-Now, Mr. Ohtaki... -Now, Mr. Ohtaki...
Please, can you call the Hyogo Prefectural Police...
ask them for more detailed information?
Ask them about last month's accident with Takano Transportation
and whether the man who caused the fire is related.
What could drive a baseball fan
to attack the Koshien?
We understand.
And now, we start thinking about getting this code here...
and look at the seats in row 13?
We could look at all the seats in row 13...
until the end of the second part of the ninth inning.
Yeah, let's do that.
Who knows if there will be a second half in the ninth inning or not.
"That's right!"
"Unless Ohgane catches them or scores more runs,
"The first half of the ninth inning will be the end."
(Announcer) The pitcher gets into position.
Yikes!
The runner on third has popped out!
He wants to steal the base and score!
He makes a short volley in front of the pitcher!
He's caught the ball!
He's got it!
The 3 gets it right!
The ball goes to third base and both players are out at the same time!
Ohgane High School has the home plate too far away!
We are in the top of the eighth inning,
and they still haven't scored!
The game is still 0-1.
We're in the second half of the eighth inning
and Kohnan High School is up to bat.
Yes... Yes... Eh?
What?
A high school student?
The person who was hit by the Takano Transport truck...
was a high school student?
(Male) Yes.
I was in charge of that case,
along with a colleague from the Tokyo Metropolitan Police.
I asked for all kinds of details.
Let's see... Here it is.
You'll be familiar with it because you like high school baseball tournaments.
What's that?
I mean... Hiroshi Torimitsu's name...
"Yes..."
The lefty pitcher from Teito Jitsugyo High School
who pitched for 18 innings
to the first game of the spring playoffs.
But they lost.
Don't tell me it was that guy?
That's right, he got in the middle of the road on his way home,
after he'd been working out, and it ran him over.
("Horn")
(Sirens)
The bike didn't have much stability to begin with.
The guy had been training too hard....
Yeah, come to think of it, since the accident,
the boy's father has been unaccounted for,

and we had problems because we couldn't interrogate him.
(Thinking) "Don't tell me..."
"Father..."
Strike!
"Father, I'll try my best."
"I'll do even better in the summer, at the Koshien tournament..."
"I'll go pro, I'll make money,
"And then you won't have to work so hard..."
"You can count on me."
"Father..."
Hiroshi...
Hey, Kudo... Did you find her?
No, she's nowhere... It's nowhere.
It's not in the seats in row 13 of the grandstand behind the net...
Coi!
Why is everything blank except the number 13?
I could put the player's number in brackets!
Look, Hattori!
Could it be that?
There's a player who doesn't have any number on his uniform.
What?
Yes..., the one who picks up the balls, right?
I thought so too.
I checked the seats in row 13 behind the 2 benches,
but I didn't find anything...
So, all we have left are the Alpine bleachers...
Or the ones in the outer field.
Strike!
Player eliminated!
(Announcer) 3 strikes in a row and the second player out!
Ohgane's runner can't move from second base.
Kohnan High School is just one out away from winning!
No!
If the game ends, the man will commit suicide by setting off the bomb!
We don't have time to go to the Alpine stands!
"What is this, how come there is nothing written?"
"The fact that there is nothing written means? A zero? Nothing? Blank?"
He gave it to him!
An interesting ball is going to the left!
Will he be able to catch it?
Will he be able to get out?
Will he be able to turn the score around?
Will the game be over?
Don't catch the ball, you fool!
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

