Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
The musical tone of the famous instrument brings us a murder.
Disaster befalls a family of musicians,
and everything takes a sudden turn!
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"In Kogoro, Ran and I went to the residence....
"In response to a request from Miss Hasuki Shitara."
"She asked us to investigate
"Why there had been some incomprehensible accidents
"occurred around a famous stradivarius two years ago."
"But, as soon as we got there,
"The annex of the mansion went up in flames!"
"Mr. Genzaburo, who was inside, died."
Let's see, whose cigarette butt is this?
If it's not Kogoro's, whose is it?
Just a moment.
This is the brand Uncle Genzaburo smoked.
By the way, he passed by here before going to the annex.
(Thinking) "In his case... This is..."
Hey, kid!
Where are you going?
Wait, wait, wait!
"I thought about it..."
"This is not an accident, but a murder."
"What's more, if my deduction is correct,
the next victim will be...
The cacophony of the STRADIVARIUS.
INTERLUDE
(Kogoro) What?!
Are you saying that this fire has been arson?
Yes, they said that the cause of the fire...
is that the man had fallen asleep while smoking...
and that the source of the fire was near this ashtray...
And this is the cigarette that Genzaburo smoked.
Mmmm, the brand is the same.
I don't see anything strange.
You can tell it's been bitten!
You see?
It was like Kogoro.
People who smoke while talking and working
have a bad habit of biting the filter of cigarettes.
But there are no bitten cigarettes in this ashtray.
Don't you think it's strange?
Of course it does!
"Someone has left them to make it look like he had fallen asleep smoking."
You go ahead and say!
But the door to this room was locked from the inside!
How do you want the murderer to get out of the room?
You've already figured out what set-up they must have used.
No, not yet...
You're a kid, though.
Maybe he just happened to have bitten them in the main house and that's enough.
Besides, Mr. Genzaburo hated...
people coming into his room to clean it.
But, yes, it is strange that there is no cigarette with the filter bitten off.
-There's nothing strange about it,
because he always threw everything in the trash before he left.
Tell us-why did you leave the room we were in so suddenly?
I beg you, inspector.
It's just that this little boy....
If he threw everything away,
it's strange that he smoked so many cigarettes before going to sleep.
Zote!
This is not strange at all.
He probably fell asleep when he was smoking the last cigarette.
That's another possibility.
But... we should leave it alone.
This could be a serial killing.
How!
Why are you making such irresponsible comments?
Because of the name...
Mr. Danjiro's first initial,
"who died after the robbers attacked him, was D."
"The initial of Mrs. Emi, who fell, was E."
"The initial of Mr. Furuta, who fell through the railing, was F."
"And the initial of Mr. Genzaburo, who died tonight, was a G."
D-E-F-G.
They go in alphabetical order.
If all these people have in common
the birthday of the owner of this house,
Mr. Choichiro Shitara...
The nano could be right.
Something's... wrong.
Wait a minute, D-E-F-G.
So, who has the initial H in her name is Miss Hasuki!
Oh, no!
It's dangerous to leave her alone!
(Hasuki) What?
That I'm next?
(Hasuki) This is impossible.
Your name is next in alphabetical order!
Yes, starting with the initial D of my father's name,
the rest follows in alphabetical order.

It's just a coincidence.
He-he-he...
Yeah, I guess so.
We've got a problem.
What about tonight's "Requiem"?
-The "Requiem"?
We have a tradition, for generations.
When someone dies, the "Requiem" is played.
Last year, it was played by Mr. Genzaburo....
Besides, the owner and Mrs. Shitara are not able to play it.
I can't play it either!
Okay, I'll play it.
Why don't you stay... with us?
A live performance of Kyosuke Haga doesn't sit down every day.
Okay...
But we practically had all the instruments in the annex...
All we have left is the piano and...
Uh, not that stradivarius, please.
My hands... they'd shake.
You can use my violin.
No, I'll use what I always carry in the car.
It's not even close to that famous musical instrument...
that they made 300 years ago,
but it's the only gift my father ever gave me.
I don't want anyone to ever use that instrument again
and another misfortune to happen.
Besides, if I take it without asking Aunt Ayane's permission, she'll suffer.
What?
Suffer?
For Mrs. Shitara,
the stradivarius is like her son who died a year ago.
"That famous instrument, the one played by young Mr. Furuta...
"in front of Mr. Shitara just before his death."
So, since then, when midnight comes...
(Dong)
And Mr. Choichiro... you know this?
Yes, I'm sure he does.
The warehouse where they keep the stradivarius
is between Grandpa's room and Grandma's room.
"I'm convinced that Grandma still sees the father inside her heart..."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Well, now we'll get started.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, "Requiem"... in D major K-626.


How nice...
-Yes...
-
Uncle Kyosuke graduated from a conservatory in Germany
with full honors.
How come Mr. Kyosuke opened the window?
He must have done it so that Grandpa and Grandma could also feel him play.
Grandma's bedroom is in the room upstairs.

So, his grandmother's bedroom is connected to grandfather's bedroom...
through the storage room where the stradivarius is, right?
If they are locked from the inside, you can't access through the storage room.
It can be accessed through the hallway with the Tsumagari's master key, but....
They sleep in different bedrooms even though they are married.
Yes, because grandfather was a heavy smoker and grandmother hated smoke.
She didn't quit until she got cancer.
And if Grandpa died, who would inherit that expensive violin?
He would have inherited Uncle Genzaburo.
Maybe grandma?
I don't know.
I don't know what Grandpa plans to do.
It seems to me that the most appropriate thing
would be for a musical genius like Uncle Kyosuke to inherit it.
Conan, listen to him quietly, will you?
Ah!
(thinks) "What's that noise?"

But what the...?

(thump)
"Don't tell me this was..."
(Girl: call)
Oh... Grandma!
Hurry, an ambulance!
"Grandma's name is Ayane, so the initial of the name is A."
"What does this mean?"
I'm not giving it to anyone!
It's mine.
At the back on the right.
Where's the storage room?
Wait...
"The door is locked from the inside."
"And the chair is by the window..."
"Could it be a suicide?"
And now... Mother of God.
You're the God of Death for a change.
What a thing!
It's just a coincidence.
Besides, it's fate...
of famous detectives is to get involved in cases like this.
Well, I'd rather you stayed at home, you feel?
(Takagi) The events occurred at around 3:00 a.m.
At the third floor window.
It was her bedroom.
Where were you at that time?
It was in the room that was below with all the world
listening to Kyosuke playing the "Requiem".
The "Requiem"?
Yes, it is a family custom that they have kept for generations.
In Genzaburo, who died in the fire,
was the youngest of the 3 brothers.
The oldest is in Choichiro.
In Danjiro, his second son, he is the father of Mr. Kyosuke....
and he died 30 years ago.

Famous detective, what do you think was the cause of the suicide?
I still have no idea...
I think it was the violin, that's what I think.
Ah... she is the housekeeper of the Shitara family...
Let's go to Mrs. Shitara's room.
(Kogoro) Oh!
A... this is...?
The stradivarius!
Don't you think a thief came in and accidentally fell in?
But, Father, this room was locked...
And there's no sign of a struggle either.
Nor do we have any evidence that anyone broke in.
Surely, the violin was already broken before she opened the case.
You mean she would do this just so it would be broken...?
You don't know?
That violin is the legendary violin with a lot of money!
What's more, the Ayane loved her as if she were his son Furuta,
who is dead.
"I can understand how she felt when she threw herself out of the window..."
You are wrong.
I think that lady... must have broken the violin.
-That lady?
Why do you think so?
-There's another one.
Coi as a child...
That's why.
Look at the scratch you've made on that table.
The violin must have crashed against this corner.
You fool!
She's not like Inspector Megre, who doesn't know the first thing about violins!
She wouldn't do something like that!
Yes, I think so too.
But only if it was the real violin.
What's that?
Look at the label on the resonance chamber of the violin.
It says "G.A."
If Antonio Stradivari was the one who had made it, it would say "A.Ş."!
Oh!
Mm... And how do you know these things?
Ah..., well, Shinichi told me a long time ago...
You mean that bearded detective?
Come to think of it, Shinichi knew a lot about violins.
Probably because Holmes played one.
Let's see, then, what does that "G.A." mean?
-The maker of this violin wanted to do the funny thing
of putting his initials on a violin that was a replica.
The replica is also known and many have been made.
See?
Under the label, it says "Made in Germany".
It is a replica from head to toe.
Who is he?
Mr. Kyosuke, who I told you about before.
Who was listening to his "Requiem" in the room downstairs?
The Ran, me, the little boy, the Hasuki and Mrs. Tsumagari, the housekeeper.
There were the four of us.
And Mrs. Ayane fell into the void while performing.
But how did the grandmother commit suicide?
Kyosuke had risked his life to save her from the flames!
Yes.
Save her?
Mr. Kyosuke and Conan have saved Ayane,
who had not been able to get out of the fire in time...
I still don't understand.
How did she break the replica?
Until now he thought it was original and now he realized that it wasn't.
This is impossible.
Mr. Shitara's violin had his certificate of authenticity.
And, moreover, the case is the original... And therefore, it is the original, for sure.
This is what you are looking for?
-He was hiding behind the bed.
-Hey, grandfather...
That Ayane, she treated him so tactlessly...
(Takagi) It has Antonio Stradivari's mark.
This one is authentic.
I thought so, too, just by looking at it.
Do you want me to touch it to check it?
No, it's not necessary... If this is what it says, I trust it.
Then, how do you explain that it was here?
They had to put the other stradivarius there to surprise everyone.
But when he found out it was a replica, he had a shock.
And he committed suicide
when he found out he'd spent a fortune on a piece of junk.
Wrong!
Then it would all make sense.
I went into the room,
I checked the bed and there was nothing!
"Who had put the replica in place of the original.
"I had come to hide the real one."
Someone had come into this room after I had left!
Conan!
Then maybe you should check the footprints there.....
Well, I guess you'll find my prints all over the place.
And mine too, all over the violin.
"Yesterday morning I was tuning up the stradivarius
"In preparation for Uncle Choichiro's birthday."
"Yes."
"You did it in this room?"
And I gave it to the Hasuki afterwards, didn't I?

Yes, and I touched it a little bit, so it also has my fingerprints on it.
Was there anyone else at the time?
"It was just me."
"Uncle Kyosuke had gone and taken the grandmother away in the garden.
"To keep her out of my way."
"And when I was showing the stradivarius to Mr. Mouri...
"That's when we saw that... the annexe was on fire."
(Housekeeper) "At that moment,
"I took the stradivarius and returned it to the warehouse."
This means that either of you...
could have exchanged violins.
But listen, inspector, that's not important, don't you see?
The real one has already turned up and that brat is just talking nonsense.
But there's something strange about this case!
What's so strange?
This room was locked and so was the door to the storeroom.
And there's a chair by the window.
This is a suicide!
Where is the copy of the key to this room?
Apart from Mrs. Shitara's key, there's my master key.
-I found the key among the victim's personal belongings.
You see?
This is not a serial murder case.
Serial murders?
Well, according to this brat,
the murders started 30 years ago
following the order of the initials of the family members' names...
D, E, F and G.
But after the G of Genzaburo, the Ayane, who has the A has committed suicide.
There is no connection whatsoever!
Wait a minute, what if it was the musical scale?
D-E-F-G-G-A...
In Italian it would be Do-Re-Mi... but in English it's C-D-E-F-G... A-B...
At least that's how they say in this scale, right?
Oh, I get it!
That would mean that the next letter is B!
But, let's see, who has the B?
Beni Tsumagari... You mean I'll be next?
Come to think of it..,
30 years ago, when I started working here,
Mr. Shitara told me that if I were part of his family,
we'd have the whole scale from C to B.
Now I understand.
Since Choichiro starts with C, this would make C-D-E-F-G-G-A-B,
the entire musical scale.
I don't know if I said it, that.
Well, I'd like to talk to all of you.
Wait in your rooms until then.
(man) Inspector, these are the victim's footprints!
Apparently, he's jumped into the void without a second thought.
Without a second thought, eh?
(Kogoro) I'm sure it's suicide.
You know, this room was locked.
(Thinking) "Closed..."
"The room where Genzaburo was burned to death was also locked."
"Before the fire, everyone was in the annex.
"So any one of the 4 could have set fire."
"And this room was also locked..."
"I'm sure there must be something."
Hey!
What's that?
At the top of the window there's something transparent.
It's kind of square...
Is it some kind of adhesive tape?
There's one just like it on the right.
Excuse me, Mr. Kogoro is asking if you found anything strange...
next to the body.
Come to think of it...
Ah, there's something else...
It's something that looks like the end of a stick...
Yes, we found something;
it looked like the remains of a box.
It was shaped like this,
and there were probably two sticks stuck together, like this.
This means that the box was empty, right?
"Exactly, if it was using embargo,
"It did open up the possibility of murdering Mrs. Ayane."
"All that's left for me to solve is the mystery of the locked room."
"Sure! That was it!"
"But there's only one thing I don't understand."
"How come that person is so determined?"
Have you already figured out who the murderer is?
(Kogoro voice) I already know the truth of the murders that have happened.
Why did he have to carry the stradivarius to solve this mystery?
"There's something I don't understand."
A cacophony?
When you play notes next to each other, the sound is anharmonic.
Dude!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Conan?
And the next Conan: "The cacophony of the stradivarius. Coda"
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku

tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni...

