Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Strings play a killer tune.
Disturbing human relationships.
In the echo of harmonics lies the solution to the case!
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"In Kogoro, Ran and I went to the residence....
"In response to a request from Miss Hasuki Shitara."
"She asked us to investigate
"Why there had been some incomprehensible accidents
"occurred around a famous stradivarius two years ago."
"But, as soon as we got there,
"The annex of the mansion went up in flames!"
"Mr. Genzaburo, who was inside, died."
"In addition, while Kyosuke was performing the 'Requiem',
"Mrs. Ayane fell from the third floor and died."
"Behind her, she left a violin and a series of traces."
"What's going on?"
The STRADIVARIUS cacophony.
CODA
"There is no doubt that it was the bridge of a violin,
"But there was a bridge to the replica and also to the stradivarius..."
"This meant... there was still another violin."
"Ah, there's something else."
"We have this that looks like the end of a stick..."
(Think) "That was a conductor's baton."
"Yeah, we found something that looked like the remains of a box."
It was shaped like this, and it probably had 2 sticks fitted into it.
"This means the box was empty, right?"
(Think) "This was it..."
"But there's just one detail I don't understand."
"How come that person is so determined?"
"Come to think of it, the mother told me something..."

(Desafina) "Do-Do-Re-Re-Mi-Mi-Sol. Mi-Mi-Re-Re-Re-Do."
"Do-Do-Re-Mi-Mi-Sol. Mi-Mi-Re-Re-Re-Do."
"Do-Do-Re-Mi-Mi-Gol. Mi-Mi-Re-Re-Re-Do."
"Eh? Why do I play with my fingers open?"
"Let's see. There's... something called agreement."
"For example..."
- "This is agreement C."
-
- "This is agreement D."
-
-
- "This is agreement E."
- (off-key agreement)
- "And now..."
(Kogoro) "What do you think, isn't this agreement disgusting?"
(Kogoro) Inspector, it's suicide.
Suicide!
The door to the room and the door to the storeroom were locked.
In a locked room it is impossible for anyone to enter.
"And if the Ayane used the ladder to jump,"
it's a suicide.
So you don't care?
People with the same initials as the musical scale, D-E-F-G-G-A,
have died, that's obvious.
It is true that before the A of Ayane comes the G of Genzaburo....
"But surely, it's just a coincidence."
"That room was also closed
"And the fire must have originated because he smoked."
But I don't know...
I think we should do some thinking.
Aaaaaaaah...
Eh... But, father...
Eh?
Ran, what's wrong?
What-what's wrong with you?
After yawning and making a strange face,
you fall asleep and start the show of deductions...
A strange face?
Yes, that's right, and you also make some strange "anyaaaaa" sounds...
No, the other day he made "Hany".
Wouldn't it be more like "hohiiii"?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Exactly, exactly.
It's this face.
This voice.
Oh, it's the Sleeping Kogoro!
He's doing an overbearing stall again today.
(Kogoro's voice) Naturally, because I have solved the mystery...
that even you have not been able to solve.
I already know the truth of the serial killings
that have been going on here for the past 2 years.
But you insisted that this was a suicide.
Man, it was just a moment of inspiration, you know what I mean.
Please collect the things I asked for from this room.
When you have everything ready, send for the four suspects.
And don't forget to bring that famous instrument: the stradivarius.
All right, what do you want me to bring?
No.

Detective Takagi, you'll wait in the other room, please.
You'll find out later.
Eh?
Why? Why?
Don't come out of there until I tell you, okay?
Oh!
Have you figured out who the killer is yet?
Does this mean that this is a serial killing?
-Uncle Genzaburo and Grandma have been killed too?
Exactly, they are all victims of the same person.
And it seems that Mrs. Emi, who fell down the stairs,
and Mr. Furuta, who fell from the balcony,
were also killed by the same person.
No..., no, please!
Why did I have to bring this stradivarius to solve the case?
-Surely, you have found out who was the person...
who exchanged the original for the replica...
and who showed up to return it.
No.
I would like you to feel a song that I will play...
before we start the show of deductions.
In other words: a prelude to solve the mystery.
But, wait a minute, Father!
Yes, just as I played it before you a while ago...
Does that sound good to you?
("Out of tune notes")
Ah... No..., I don't think I have to...
Of course I shouldn't.
What does he think he's my stradivarius?
-What will he do if he breaks it?
Come on, let's see what he thinks he's going to do.
I'm sure he's wearing one on his head.
Or is there some other reason why you don't want him to take it?
No..., I don't have any other... reason.
Well, we'll check his ability.
He-he-he!
I thought so, Mr. Kyosuke,
you were the one... who exchanged the violins.
Wait a minute, I only took it to you because you told me you wanted to play it.
If I remember correctly,
this is the order in which you disposed of the violin.
"Kyosuke tuned the violin in the morning.
"And he has handed it over to Miss Hasuki."
"When he was showing me the violin, the fire broke out in the annex."
"The stradivarius had been left on the table.
"and Mrs. Tsumagari had taken it to her storage room."
"If the person who had exchanged the violin...
"It was neither Mrs. Tsumagari nor Mr. Choichiro,
"He must have been exchanged after I played the violin...
"In Miss Hasuki's room."
"If they find my fingerprints on the violin,
"It means that either of us could have exchanged violins."
Therefore, the culprit would allow me to play the stradivarius again...
So that it would not be possible to determine when I have left the prints.
In case in Kyosuke or the Hasuki had made the exchange,
they would try the same...
They would want me to touch it now.
If my prints are not found on that authentic violin,
it means that they would have already exchanged it for the replica
before I played it and everyone would be suspicious.
On the other hand, the Hasuki, Mr. Choichiro and Mrs. Tsumagari,
have opposed the idea of me touching it.
In other words, Mr. Kyosuke...
This is the proof that proves...
that you have committed these serial murders.
Oh!
Uncle has... It can't be!
It could be that when he was tuning the violin, that was already the replica...
That's impossible.
With an ear for music like his...,

he would have noticed right away that it wasn't authentic.
But what does it do, that you say he is the murderer?
Mrs. Ayane's room was closed
"Besides, Mr. Genzaburo's, where he set himself on fire, too..."
Marrec, show them that.
(Conan voice) Yes!
It's a piece of metal that was in Mr. Genzaburo's room.
Look carefully, inspector;
the top part is the only one that is bulging.
"If a closed door had been forced open,
"The top and the bottom should be deformed."
It's true...
"The firemen have said
"That of the 2 pieces of the lock that protrude through the door,
"The top one is the knob and the bottom one is the lock."
"Considering how the door was opened, it was not locked."
When we have returned to the burned place
"The lock mechanism was indeed locked."
(Kogoro voice) Don Kyosuke... had closed it.
"He has made it look like the door was locked and threw it on the ground...."

"Damn it, it's locked."
"He did it while we were distracted in that sea of flames."
Now I see what you mean.
But what does it have to do, with the fact that he has exchanged the violin?
He used it to make the Ayane jump into the void.
How could he do that!
But he was downstairs playing the "Requiem".
"That was also a trap
"To lead Mrs. Ayane to the window."
"Imagine how Mrs. Ayane must have felt."
"The stradivarius she contemplated every night as if it were her child...
"had been exchanged for a replica."
"That's why, in anger, she had destroyed the violin."
"Then, she looked at the window...
"And heard the beautiful melody that Kyosuke was playing."
Marrec, show them the next one!
(Conan voice) Yes!
Yes, what does it mean?!
Mouri, what does this mean?
(Kogoro voice) This is what the Ayane has seen at that very moment.
Don't tell me he thought it was the real violin?
Yes... And even more:
"If the 'Requiem' sounded like a real stradivarius,
"The effect would be even stronger."
"He has used the chair as a scale
"And he climbed up to the window sill to pick up the violin."
But could it really fall so easily?
Let me show you how he did it.
Nano, says researcher Takagi.
Yes!
(Kogoro voice) Yes, sir.
(Kogoro's voice) Mrs. Tsumagari...
Leave the real stradivarius in storage.
You called me, sir?
(Conan voice) Takagi, while Mr. Kogoro was explaining the assembly,
we found the stradivarius in the window.
Since you are tall, you can pick it up, right?
Yes, I guess so... wow...
What the hell are they?
No, no, no...
But you must be very careful, because it has a very high value...
All right, but if it falls, for the record, it's not my fault.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Oh!
Where are you going?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Watch out!
Watch out, Takagi!
It's, it's moved...
When I tried to pick up the violin, he moved away.
I can see him now.
He's put sticks on both sides of the windows.
So the violin is suspended by a thread,
and the more the window is opened, the farther away it is!
Father, what would happen if it were stuck?
No violin or stick has been found at the scene.
This is a provisional assembly that I have made with some sticks.
"If the sticks you used were the conductor's baton...
"that were stolen from Mr. Genzaburo's room,
"the sticks would be flexible,
"And in this way the violin,
"Once it reached the tip, it would fall under its own weight."
If the other string tied to the violin was attached to the window.
"He would only have to pick up the violin on the sly"
After we went where the Ayane was.
But the batons would still be there.
The batons, too.
"As I had only held them together with tape,
"I had only tied a string to catch them later."
"The noise we heard just before the Ayane fell,
"was the sound of that violin hitting the wall."
"Proof of that, we found a broken baton....
"And a bridge near the body."
He had prepared this ingenuity when he came to tune the stradivarius.
"Surely, then he has exchanged the authentic violin for the replica."
As for the baton and the violin he has recovered,
they must be hidden from the room downstairs.
With Kyosuke's fingerprints all over it.
He hasn't had time to erase his fingerprints
nor has he been able to move the things so that the Hasuki was here.
Bullshit!
This is nonsense!
Uncle Kyosuke can't be the murderer,
because he saved the grandmother, who had not been able to escape from the fire.
If he saved her, how can it be?
He did it by the laws of the musical scale, which he knows quite well.
"Why do I play with my fingers open?"
"Because when you play notes that are next to each other..."
(out-of-tune agreements)
A cacophony?
When you play notes that are next to each other,
the sound is anharmonic.
I could not stand that in Genzaburo, with the initial G,

and grandmother Ayane, with the initial A, died at the same time.
You wretch!
What do you think people's lives are all about?!
You can say the same thing to that devil Choichiro.
He's to blame for my father getting hurt 30 years ago.
He pushed the mother to death.
Thirty years ago... You mean the day of that robbery?
I had completely forgotten about it... until about... two years ago,
"When I was asked to tune the stradivarius...
"on this old man's birthday."
"The sound of it, the way it made me feel...
"It took me back to my childhood memories,
"when my father gave me that same violin."
"When I confirmed it with Aunt Emi,
"she turned pale and told me everything."
"30 years ago the old man asked the father to let him have the Stradivarius
"Because he wanted his son Furuta to play it."
"The old man fell in love with its sound in such a way,
"that he didn't want to give him back the violin,
"so he exchanged it for a replica."
"But the father found out and they had a very loud argument."
"The father fell down the stairs and ended badly."
"The old man had the little shame to leave the father injured.
"And he didn't even ask for an ambulance."
"Then he said the following:
" 'Genzaburo, tie up the Ayane and me and you go home!"
" 'We will make it look like we were attacked by robbers."
" 'That you do not wish to play that famous instrument, perhaps?"
" 'If in Danjiro dies, the violin will be mine."
" 'I will leave it to you at any time."
"Aunt Emi, after having explained it to me,
" 'She left the room a bundle of nerves. "
("Emi: call")
"And you decided to take revenge on the four people"
who collaborated in that confabulation.
When I saw that Emi had fallen down the stairs
and that he had died like the father,
I took it as a sign from God.
Starting with the mother,
"My father Danjiro, Aunt Emi..."
They all died in the order of the musical scale....
And if I put in a row the initials of those who were to die,
it occurred to me to start with a C and end with a C.
After having pushed him over the balcony, I was disappointed...
when I found out that the last one on the list with the initial C,
Grandfather Choichiro, was going to die of an illness.
So, even though I didn't know what happened 30 years ago,
you wanted to murder me next?
No... In Germany, after the notes C-D-E-F-G-G-A,
comes the letter H, pronounced "HA".
That is, Haga.
Dude!
(Conan voice) Wait!
(Conan voice) In Kogoro asked me,
so I told them to get under it.
He told me that in Kyosuke he would commit suicide.
But if the initial was H, it could refer... the Hasuki.
She could be next.
Since in Kyosuke the stradivarius is back in this room,
I assumed this wouldn't happen.
"If the Ayane hadn't destroyed the replica,
"It would have meant that no one had noticed that there was a replica."
"The fact that he came to return the authentic one.
"It meant that he wanted to leave his father's famous gift....
"To the owner it now had."
"To the person who had pushed her into the same situation she found herself in,
when she murdered her father...
Because he wanted you, Hasuki, to inherit it.
When I asked you for the melody on my phone,
you said I was asking for you, right?
(Pip, pip, pip, pip, pip)
"Are you talking about me?"
"Excuse me, can you tell me what notes these are?"
H-A-G-G-A?
He was saying that because in German it would surely be pronounced Haga, right?
That's right.
Boy, you've got a good ear too.
Did I say they're B-A-G-G-A?
Conan, please...
Is there a song that starts with a Si-La-Sol-La?
It's probably a sad song, one of those nostalgic and...
Oh, if that's it, maybe it would be...

This one?
Wasn't it the song from "The Little Seven"?
Little crow little crow, why are you cawing?
Oi, Conan?
Conan.
("Someone beeps 'The Little Seven")
(Thinks) "What is this threatening avalanche?"
"I've come all the way to Kagoshima."
The best is the genuine liquor distilled in Kagoshima: Satsuma!

Don't you notice the mouth as if it had sand in it?
It must be falling... ash.
What's happened?
"This is..."
And the next Conan: "A genuine sake-drunk Kogoro, (Part 1)."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

