Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Tonight's setting is Kagonma, Kagoshima.
In Kogoro he loses his head over an exceptional drink.
Sake has the aroma of human relationships.
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

When you think of a drink, the first thing that comes to mind is beer!
Ha-ha-ha!
There's nothing to beat it, that!
And its appeal, naturally, is that touch of bitterness.
No, no, we didn't mean to ask you about the beer.
I thought I'd been invited
to make a passionate talk about drinks!
Yes, about the drink that has an unbeatable success.
Oh... Ah!
As for the appeal of wine, it is inexcusable....
- (continues speaking)
-It's not the wine...
This is a very important commemorative program,
and we have to put up with the nonsense of this fool ?!
We invited him because he was known and likes to drink.
When you come to Kagoshima, everyone thinks of sake here.
Look, the anchorwoman is crying...
Come on, father, please.
(Thinking) "What is it, this threatening avalanche I notice?"
"I've come all the way to Kagoshima..."
"Eh? Kagoshima... Drinking in Kagoshima!"
"Sake!"
(Think) "Eh? How ridiculous..."
Well, in conclusion.
Beer is great!
And wine is great too,
but what I like the most are alcoholic beverages made from rice.
I just wanted to emphasize the importance of what you already know:
How delicious our sake is.
That's why you specifically mentioned other beverages?
(At the same time) Ah, that's why!
But it must be said that at Kogoro Mouri can't fool you any longer.
Of all the alcoholic beverages, the best one is this...
this genuine sake brewed in Kagoshima: Satsuma!
Long live Kagoshima!
(laughing uproariously)
Very good, Mr. Mouri!
Good job!
Congratulations!
We've done well to invite you, you see?
It seems to have been swallowed.
(Think) "He's quite an expert at this."
(Kogoro) The Takakuma?
You're talking about this exceptional sake?
(Man) Yes...
It has a limited production since we started manufacturing it.
Do you think I will be able to drink it?
We ordered it and I was told:
"If it is for Mr. Mouri, it will be a pleasure to offer you defect."
We will cross the gulf of Kagoshima and go to Tarumizu.
I will be able to drink there.
I will drink the liquor of my dreams, the unique and exceptional Takakuma liquor!
Father, there's no...crying either.
"That's how we ended up involved in that heartbreaking case."
A Kogoro BORRACHO OF GENUINE SAKE, (PART ONE)
(Kogoro) Takakuma Winery... So this is it, where they make it.
I thought it would be a bigger place.
Yes, but it's very nice... And it's right in front of the sea.
Mr. Mouri, the head of the family.
Forgive me for disturbing you at such short notice.
Thank you very much for coming.
My name is Shiraishi.
We've heard a lot about you.
My name is Fumiko, I'm his wife.
My daughter Ran.
And this one lives with us.
How do you do?
Father, that's enough!
It's in Conan!
A sake cellar can't be much fun for you two, can it?
I find it very pleasant.
This is not true.
This is Takakuma Mountain.
Oh!
Now I get it, that's where the name of your sake came from.
(Fumiko) Please join us in the office.
(Fumiko) -Oh... (Fumiko) Thank you very much.
-Here.
(Fumiko) Thank you.
If I may...
Mr. Mouri, what do you think?
Oooooh!
Delicious!
I have no other word for it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
It's just sake.
No, no, this is the jewel of sake.
It is splendid!
Thank you very much, we are proud to brew this sake.
"The brewing process begins with boiling the rice grains...
"After they have been washed."
"Then the rice malt is mixed in."

"The mixture is then poured into metal containers,
"Water and yeast are added, and it is left to ferment."
"Now it's time to add the cooked sweet potatoes,
"And everything is left to ferment even longer."
"The temperature is to be kept stable
"And the contents must be stirred constantly
"So that no bacteria will spread."
"Then it is left to ripen,
"The necessary amount of water is added...
"And then it's finished."
"There are wineries that produce sake wholesale, with machinery,
"But we insist on making it with artisanal methods."
-I think we make a limited production to give us importance.
But we can't do more if we want to preserve something genuine.
Genuine things must be handcrafted.
No wonder it's so good.
-Yes?
-Excuse me.
My name is Maezono
and I've come from the gastronomic weekly to do an interview.
-I didn't know anything about it.
-An interview?
Look, I spoke with the manager Tatsumura.
(Thinking) "What happened? When they heard this name they changed their attitude."
I came here so I could prepare for the whole filming process.
-Tatsumura gave you permission?
-Of filming?
What the hell is wrong with your head?
You can't make these stupid promises.
I'm sorry, but we can't show anyone the making process.
Can't you?
But...
The worst enemy of sake brewing
is bacteriological contamination from the outside.
No one but the brewers are allowed inside.
Ah.
You are right.
People carry all kinds of bacteria with them.
It's common sense!
Excuse me, I agreed to do this interview...
because I love alcoholic beverages,
but I didn't know you couldn't...
We are not angry with you!
We are mad at manager Tatsumura!
Hey, Kosugi, what's that shouting?
(At the same time) Mr. Tatsumura!
OSPA, I don't seem to be very welcome, do I?
-Oh, yes.
-Are you Miss Maezono?
Sorry I'm late.
The medical check-up I've had took a bit longer than expected,
I'm very sorry...
I'm sure you were surprised to see how small the cellar is.
-But we are thinking of renovating it.
-Yes, we are.
This way, we'll be able to mechanize everything...
to make a wholesale production of sake.
-Wholesale... production?
-Huh?
You're talking about Takakuma?
I'm tired of telling you that we don't plan to do anything like you're saying.
A wholesale production would make the sake lose quality.
As you can see, we have a stubborn president...
If we don't produce in bulk, where will we end up?
I don't think it's a good idea, too, to do wholesale production.
I will reconsider whether I want to do the interview in this situation.
Goodbye.
W-Wait!
I was counting on the benefits of such publicity.
Why don't you try to estimate the sake in your cellar more?
You don't mind damaging the Takakuma's palate and I won't forgive you for that!
Au, we have to get back to work...
Even if you didn't come from outside, we've had a bacterium here for years.
Did you say bacteria?
Who does he think he is?!
Damn, you're all the same.
I'm also against
to mechanize the elaboration of this artisan sake.
Who are you?
Thank you very much for everything.
My pleasure!
Wait, if I remember correctly... That's right!
This man is the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
He... is the person I was looking for!
Uh, wait, please!
My image as an advertisement... for your product?
I was looking for someone who fits the image of our product!
(Flow) If you accept the proposal, I'll send you all the sake you want.
Father, you're not going to do it, are you?
Eh?
You're talking about Takakuma sake?
Well, it's just that, you know... that I...
(Think) "When it comes to sake, willpower fades away."
How nice!
Tomorrow I'll take him out for a rodeo.
It's my day off, I'll treat him to lunch.
Please accept my offer... Yes?
Is that all right?
Mr. Mouri, let me take care of it.
Mrs. Shiraishi.
Take it as my way of thanking you
for liking our sake so much.
Let me be your guide.
I guess having a woman as a guide is always... more pleasant.

I will leave it in Mrs. Shiraishi's hands.
Mr. Mouri, I hope you will give me a favorable answer.
Father!
Why didn't you reject the offer in a few words?
Oh!
It's in Takamori Saigo, how cool!
My goodness, you always act crazy when it's in your interest.
But there's something about Mr. Tatsumura that I just don't like.
And the others don't seem to like him much either.
He-he-he-he-he!
(Thinking) "It's not that they don't like him. It's that they detest it to death."
"Then how come the Shiraishi have that man for hire?"
"This is what the Sakurajima volcano looks like today."
Gee, they even make the wind direction forecast!
(Fumiko) Yes, you are right.
(Fumiko) Because ash falls.
I wonder why they do that.
(All) Hello, good morning!
(Fumiko) Good morning to all.
The ash from Sakurajima is blown away by the wind,
and spreading the ash when the wind comes from the volcano would be disastrous.
That's why the wind direction is so important.
Will we get ash today?
You never know, the wind is very capricious.
(Kogoro) Impressive!
How did you sculpt it?
Yes?
Mrs. Shiraishi.
How come you didn't send it off, Mr. Tatsumura?
(Kogoro) -Huh?
What are you saying?
-What do you mean?
Conan!
What's wrong with you?
Oh, this... Excuse me!
Even a child finds it strange that it's there,
but we can't send him away because... he did us a big favor.
He did you a favor?
Our winery has a long history,
but because it was small and not as well known as other wineries,
our sake didn't sell very well.
If the situation had stayed the same, we would have been out....
"If we've gotten to where we are today, it's thanks to Mr. Tatsumura,
"who sold our product and took it everywhere."
"But in spite of everything, we were unable to stand up to the big brands,
"who were making big profits with little overhead."
"Ten years ago we considered closing the company."
"This was five years before I got married."
"At that time, my father-in-law, the former head of the family," he said,
"and my husband, who was still an apprentice, made a decision."
"If they had to close down, they would do everything the way they wanted it first."
"Choose exceptional ingredients and an exceptional method for making sake."
"They would only close the winery.
"After brewing the best sake that had ever been made."
(Kogoro) "And this is the Takakuma."
(Fumiko) "Yes. And they recognized it as a genuine fermented beverage."
(Kogoro) "Everyone expected you to come up with sake like this."
(Fumiko) But this winter, our predecessor died."
"Please don't forget what we decided 10 years ago."
"Yes!"
(Fumiko) "From that time on, in Tatsumura began to change."
"What do you say? Produce at higher ?!"
"Customers ask that we serve them Takakuma brand sake."
"They won't know the difference, if the quality goes down a little."
"Business! Let's do business!"
- "President, do you intend to allow him to talk like this?!"
"He will damage our liquor. We should make out!"
- "I can't!"
- "Beloved."
"It was thanks to him, that we were saved from closing."
"We have an obligation to him and I will never forget it."
He's stubborn, my husband.
And a little clumsy, depending on how.
-He doesn't forget what has been done for him.
He's from Satsuma at root.
He's fantastic.
Mr. Mouri..,
I beg you to refuse Mr. Tatsumi's offer.
If a famous person like you
collaborates by advertising our product,
it will be a very effective advertisement...
And thus, he will have a way to force us to mechanize the process.
I understand...
You wanted to come with us and act as our guide
to tell me not to listen to you.
-Calm down, woman!
-Forgive me.
In fact, I was thinking of rejecting you anyway!
I wanted to do it from the start, me.
Didn't I?
Didn't I?
Mr. Tatsumura lives in Kagoshima City.
I'm glad.
Looks like he's there.
It's 6 o'clock. Does Mr. Tatsumura have a family?
No, he lives alone.
Oh!
It's open!
I'll go in and see.
Mr. Tatsumura, I'm Fumiko.
Didn't you notice the mouth like it had sand in it?

Yes, now that you mention it...
It must fall... ash.
What?
How awful!
(Think) "Your car is not here."
(Fumiko: call)
Mrs. Shiraishi!
What happened?
(Thinks) "This is...?"
It's blood!
Don't tell me... it's Mr. Tatsumura!
Sure, I can imagine what must have happened.
"When Mr. Tatsumura was resting on his day off..."
"Judging by the circumstances, this is a case of kidnapping."
He says... when they arrived here all the lights were on.
Therefore, I deduce that the victim was taken...
shortly after sunset.
I can give you a more exact time.
When I observed the scene of the crime,
the bloodstain on the ground had not dried.
Therefore, she was attacked just before we arrived: at 6 o'clock.
-I understand.
Ohtakeyama, find the vehicle, quickly.
Uh... several years ago,
weren't you... a nurse at Chuo Hospital?
Yes, until 5 years ago, when I got married.
So, you are the nurse I saw.
-Yes, sir!
-Afanya't, hurry up!
Forgive me for involving you in such a cumbersome matter, I'm sorry.
You must be worried.
Perhaps it was troublesome,
but at the end of the day, in Tatsumura it helped them to get ahead.
If the kidnapper wants money, he will call for ransom.
At that point she gets caught.
"But the next day, the kidnapper showed no sign of life."
Why didn't he get in touch, the kidnapper?
"And another day passed."
The police received an anonymous call
saying we'd find him at Terayama Municipal Park.
Mr. Tatsumura!
(Kogoro) This isn't the kind of place where people hang out.
The caller was probably the killer...
The voice, it had been manipulated and we don't know if it was a man or a woman.
(Think) "He kidnaps and murders her..."
"What monster has done it?"
-Yes.
-He's been dead for two days?
According to the autopsy results, he was murdered 2 days ago.
After two days it is difficult to determine the approximate time of death,
but there's no doubt that he died
between sunset and midnight of that day.
"He died of blunt force trauma," and it appears that he died instantly."
(Think) "What?"
"There was that statuette on the ground, in the living room."
"The characteristics fit perfectly with the impact received.
"And the stains found are Mr. Tatsumura's blood."
"Therefore, this is the murder weapon."
Wait a minute.
If he died instantly from a single blow to the head,
"This means that the killer didn't take him away
"after knocking him unconscious.
"But killed him at the scene,
"He took him and left his car in the park."
And after 2 days he calls to report where he is.
-Indeed.
(He thinks) "There must be a motive."
"What must have driven the killer....
"To go all that way to take Tatsumura out of the house?"
According to the data from the forensic police officers,
"None of the doors or windows of the house...
"showed no signs of having been forced."
"In addition, the key to the lock is special and it is impossible to make copies."
So how did the killer get into the house?
"There is only one way."
And that means that the murderer and Mr. Tatsumura knew each other.
And no money was taken, so it's not a case of robbery.
The only thing I can think of is revenge.
Someone hated him enough to want to murder.
What's more, it was someone in his entourage.
This means...
Meaning what?
The killer is among us?
No one had that much animosity for him out of the people in his cellar.
I don't understand, why should they suspect me?
According to the information we've gathered, you didn't like Mr. Tatsumura.
I... don't...
Of course we disliked him.
All of us.
But that doesn't mean anything!
He was murdered the night before last, wasn't he?
Well we were all here, working, working in the cellar!
You see?
I've already told you that everyone... was here working.

And you might as well think that they have all agreed, don't you find?
Miss Maezono, you say you were in your hotel room alone,
but we haven't checked your alibi yet.
We don't want to suspect any of you,
but what Inspector Shinfuku says is reasonable.
But, Father!
(He thinks) "There's no one with a solid alibi."
"And everyone detested Mr. Tatsumura."
Mrs. Shiraishi will have a hard time.
This being suspicious of those around her....
(Thinking) "But I'm convinced it's here."
"The murderer must be one of them!"
(Fumiko) Sake is a living creature.
Once you start brewing it you can't take your eye off it.
No one would leave the cellar to kill a person.
Yes.
That would be impossible.
We haven't found anything on his clothes.
We didn't find anything on his clothes.
Right, yeah, the stuff from before.
It's your chance to show your true abilities!
I guess...
And the next Conan: "A Genuine Sake Drunk Kogoro, (Part 2)."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

