Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Today, deductions to Sakurajima.
An artisan sake has a sad outcome.
In Kogoro he gets drunk, but the case is solved!
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is the detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"We accompanied Kogoro to Kagoshima
and visited the Takakuma winery that brewed sake by hand."
"The crime took place
"When the Fumiko, the wife of the winery's president,
"was leading us on a sightseeing tour."
"A person had taken the manager Shinsuke Tatsumura from his home."
"After 2 days... they found his dead body!"
(Chairman) What?
The murderer is among us?
No one had such animosity to Mr. Tatsumura,
except the people in his warehouse.
Mrs. Shiraishi will have a hard time.
This being suspicious of all those around her....
(Thinking) "But I'm convinced it's here."
"The murderer... it must be one of them!"
Kogoro GENUINE SAKE BORRACHO (PART 2)
What is known, after questioning everyone?
Nothing.
Everyone has a motive, and towards a solid alibi,
but we don't have enough to arrest anyone.
Not enough?
There are 2 things.
"Find out why the killer
"went to the trouble of taking the body out of the house."
"And why the killer has informed the police where he was 2 days later."
If you solve these 2 mysteries...
What are you doing, Father?
This is what you get for being clever with obvious things.
"Then wake up and solve the mystery."
Mr. Mouri..,
tomorrow they'll come back to interrogate us again, won't they?
-You can be in our country.
-Yes, since morning.
Miss Maezono says she won't have to go back and forth.
-She doesn't deserve it.
-I thank you very much.
He's not the murderer.
If he was, he wouldn't allow a detective to spend the night at his house.
People who don't look suspicious are the most suspicious.
What a nerve.
Always suspicious of everything and everyone.
"He-he... No, it's not funny,
"Because I have no idea what's going on either."
"2 mysteries..."
"Surely there's an answer
"That explains why he had to do these 2 things."
Ah, good morning.
Good morning!
Looks like everyone's here and they're already working.
It's true.
This elaborate sake starts tomorrow.
My husband gets up at 4 am and the storehouse at 5 am.
It sounds like hard work.
Sake is a living creature.
Once you start brewing, you can't take your eye off it.
That's why no one would leave the warehouse to kill a person.
Yes, that would be impossible.
Ouch!
I have come to warn you for breakfast.
- (at the same time) Thank you.
-Come whenever you wish.
(thinks) "The workers who love sake brewing
"would never leave the winery."
"If this is true..."
(evil laughter)
But, father, why do you make such sinister laughter?
Is it true?
I've already solved the 2 mysteries, you know?
The murderer is...
...the Hitomi Maezono!
Why do you say she did it?
Because she's the only woman among the suspects.
The first mystery:
why she went to the trouble of taking the body out of the house.
"Mr. Tatsumura has a rather portly physique;
"Everyone would think it's impossible for a woman to carry him..."
"Therefore, this would lead one to believe...
"That it's impossible for a woman to be the murderer."
Hm... And the second mystery?
Why did the police report where the body was found?
Why?
"She wanted the victim to rest in peace as soon as possible."
"This is because of her kind side as the woman she is."
Therefore the murderer is the Hitomi!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I hope Inspector Shinfuku will come soon....
I'll tell him my perfect deduction.

But, hey, Kogoro...
As you said, it's impossible that a woman could carry.
If it's impossible, how did she do it?
How did you do it, then?
Well, it just so happens that...
Look, it may not look like it, but the Hitomi is incredibly strong!
I'm sure she does weights or something... Yes!
(Thinks) "Hoist, boy!"
You go spy on her in her room.
"I'm sure she has a super muscular body."
Don't worry, since you're a creature she won't hold it against you.
No!
I won't!
But help me, brat!
It's for the job!
How can you think of forcing a child to spy on a woman?!
I'm only asking you for a detective job....
(Thinking) "Which one do you think. Eh?"
No, no m'escapoleixo step of work.
I just rest for a while.
At this age I can not avoid the fatigue overcomes me.
And look, I was young too.
It's a photo from 20 years ago.
Gee, here you are, sir?
There is Mr. Tatsumura.
The one in the middle is the president we had, who died last year.
The president now.
And these children?
Do you have a little sister?
Ha-ha-ha!
No, that's Mrs. Fumiko, the president's wife.
Wow, they were childhood friends?
The voices?
The man next to me is her father.
We worked together at this winery.
"The previous president had only one son,
"So... he treated the girl as if she were his own daughter."
"Fumiko's father was also a very experienced worker,
"But, poor thing, he died of a disease...
"Immediately after Fumiko started high school."
"But the president did not abandon the family of the deceased."
"He encouraged them and helped them with what they needed to live."
"He made sure that Fumiko graduated from high school."
And he helped her to continue nursing.
She was a great help to Fumiko and her mother, wasn't she?
Ah, now that I come to think of it...
"Several years ago, hadn't you been a nurse at Chuo Hospital?"
"Yes. Until 5 years ago, when I got married."
She was a nurse before, wasn't she?
Yes, that's why she used her contacts...
because Manager Tatsumura made an immediate appointment at Chuo Hospital.
For a medical checkup.
Make an appointment?
Ah, yes, he said something.
"Sorry I'm late..."
"My medical checkup took longer than expected..."
If we had known what would happen to him,
Fumiko would not have recommended you to go to the doctor.
It was Mrs. Shiraishi, who recommended you to have the checkup?
"At the company they do an annual checkup."
"But she insisted he have another one because he was working too hard."
(Think) "And he was killed the next day."
"A medical checkup... It can't be!"
Ah, no, nothing's wrong...
What's wrong?
Well, then, I'm going back to work,
it's getting to be time and I've had enough rest.
We'll see each other, my boy.
(He thinks) "It wouldn't be impossible."
"We would have solved the 2 mysteries, if he used this method."
"But I have no proof."
"The Sakurajima volcano, the other day.... It's true!"
Ah, Mr. Mouri.
I was just thinking of coming here!
Eh? (Kogoro voice)
(Kogoro voice) Before you come, I'd like you to do me a favor.
I'd like you to examine Tatsumura's body...
I want to know something about the clothes he was wearing.
Show him... Come on, show me this super muscular body!
What are you looking at, if I may ask?
Inspector Shinfuku and the others have already arrived!
I'll cut to the chase, we didn't find anything on her clothes.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
(Thinking) "All right. We've got it all tied up."
I'm talking about what you asked for.
You asked for a favor and you forgot?
Ah, about before... Well, there's nothing to find.
"He's a genius, doing comedy."
-Who is who?
So, who is it?
You told us:
with this detail could specify who the murderer is.
Did you tell them that?
Who is it, the murderer?
"Maybe I did say that."
Ahem... Let's see, the murderer... is... is a woman.
(At the same time) The Hitomi Maezono?
Are you sure?
My motives are...
It's her chance to show off her skills!
I guess...

(Kogoro) Do you know who has committed the murder of manager Tatsumura?
Aaaaaaaaah!
The real culprit is...
Sakurajima?
-No, I don't see anything wrong with him.
-What's wrong with him now, the volcano?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaah...
-Oh!
-Inspector Shinfuku!
(Inspector) This is incredible, it's the famous Sleeping Kogoro!
Conan, what's wrong with you now?
Eh? (Inspector Shinfuku)
He's gone.
Conan!
(Kogoro's voice) He's probably gone outside
thinking the volcano would start spewing lava.
Mr. Orito, this is the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
Excuse me, may I take a picture of him?
Silence!
To prepare for the assassination of Mr. Tatsumura,
the murderer also planned a set-up to have an alibi.
(At the same time) An alibi?
I had a little idea what the alibi was,
but I needed proof.
That's why I asked you for this favor.
"You mean the ashes of the Sakurajima?"
"Let's see if they can be found on the clothes."
But we haven't found the least, nothing.
However, I paid a visit to the meteorological station...
"And there I was able to verify that on the day of the incident...
"In the area of Kagoshima where Mr. Tatsumura had a home..,
"a shower of ash fell from sunset to midnight."
"Didn't you notice the mouth as if it had sand in it?"
"Yes, now that you mention it..."
"It must be falling... ash."
Yes, at that moment ash was falling.
Doesn't it seem strange to you?
We arrived at that house at 6 o'clock in the evening.
If he was murdered in Tatsumura and taken away at that time,
"There should have been ash left on his clothes."
Instead, there was not even a speck....
That is to say, Mr. Tatsumura was not taken out around 6,
but before the ash began to fall or in the morning.
-No, but then what...?
-Of course!
Yes, there is a contradiction.
"It's blood."
Madam, I wonder what I would do there, that bloodstain.
I was confused about one thing.
"I thought that day he wanted to take us on an excursion...
"Because Mr. Tatsumura had asked me...
"To use my image in the advertising of his product."
"Mr. Mouri,
"I beg you to refuse the offer you made to Tatsumi."
"I thought you had made us a guide for it."
Wasn't that why?
"He did it to secure his alibi
"And to get us to testify...
that she had been killed in Tatsumura just before we arrived home.
That I'm wrong..,
...Mrs. Shiraishi?
I-It can't be.
M-Mr. Mouri?
I told you a moment ago that the murderer was a woman.
You didn't mean Miss Maezono?
I'm talking about Mrs. Fumiko Shiraishi.
You had offered to be our guide.
"And that morning she made some excuse to me
"Because in Tatsumura I went to that park."
"Madam!"
"Mrs. Shiraishi."
"Surely, with the excuse that I wanted to tell you something.
"She made Tatsumura get back in the car..."
"And then..."
"And made him fall asleep."
"You made him inhale the anesthetic and got some blood samples."
"It was an easy thing for you to do, since you'd been a nurse."
"Then you came looking for us."
- "Good morning, everyone."
- (at the same time) "Hello! Good morning!"
"She spent the whole day with us.....
"And she was smart enough to lead us to Tatsumura's."
"Oh! It's open! I'll go in and see what."
"Mr. Tatsumura, this is Fumiko."
"And she did what she had planned in the living room."
- "Mrs. Shiraishi!"
- (Fumiko) "Aaaah! Mr. Mouri!"
"What happened?"
(Kogoro voice) This was one of the two mysteries:
why the murderer had gone to all the trouble
to take the body out of the house.
Well, he took him away.
He was gone.
But the lights in the house were on, weren't they?
"Before coming to look, he took the keys to enTatsumura,
"who was asleep at the time,
"and went into his house,
"He turned on the lights and left the door open."
Then it was this...
Wait a second!
Now, the second mystery.
Wait, I told you to wait!
This is inconsistent.
It doesn't hold up...
You seem to be hell-bent on blaming Fumiko for the murder,
but she was with you all day.

There's no way she could have done it!
When the hell was she supposed to do it?
He's right.
Father, when was it?
Right after that, wasn't it, Mrs. Shiraishi?
"Forgive me for involving you in such a cumbersome matter, I'm sorry."
"After he dropped us all off at the hotel. At that time."
"You had a bronze statuette ready.
"identical to the one in Mr. Tatsumura's house."
That is, this crime was committed...
after the police investigation began.
Ah... That was all that was missing.
There was nothing I could do.
Alibis are not usually checked when the investigation begins.
You led us to believe...
that the time of the crime was before we had arrived at Tatsumura Foul.
And, in this way, you had a perfect alibi.
Because, in short, it had been all the time with us.
The second mystery:
Why the murderer reported where the body was 2 days later.
"After 2 days it is difficult to delimit the time of death,
"But it must have taken place between sunset and midnight."
"If they found the body instantly,
"The time of death would be known very precisely,"
and if he left the body for a few days, it would be impossible to pinpoint.
This would have made a perfect alibi completely invalid.
That is why it was better to find him after two days.
Mr. Mouri, when did you find out that I committed the murder?
The day before the events you recommended Mr. Tatsumura...
to go for a checkup, didn't you?
What do you mean by that?
If you took his blood samples,
he'd have a needle mark on his skin..,
and that would raise suspicion.
But if she'd had a checkup the day before,
it would make sense that they would have taken blood samples.
"In other words, she poked him where she had been poked before."
Of course!
But why?
Why did she murder him...?
I was scared.
I thought that if he continued in this cellar...
he'd succeed in influencing someone
and we would stop making... sake like manure traditionally...
and then it would lose quality.
And there would be a person who only cared about making money and...
No way, Mrs. Shiraishi!
None of us would do that!
Now maybe not... But people change, when certain things happen.
Mr. Tatsumura... he changed too, didn't he?
It's my fault.
I... I should've been dismissed a long time ago.
The fact that you couldn't send away the person who saved the warehouse...
is one of your great virtues.
But... my dear, you didn't have to...
I guess I wanted to do something important.
To be able to say that I had protected this winery.
Of course, there's no excuse for a person to have died.
But she did it to repay her father for what he did for her.
For the father...?
Oh!
She never forgets what people do for her.
Your wife looks just like you.
She's a Satsuma woman at the root.
Fume... ko...
Of course we look alike.
We are husband and wife...
No need to say goodbye.
You must go back to the cellar.
Yes, of course.
Fumiko...
There are people all over the country waiting for the sake I brew.
I'll wait for you, too.
I'll wait for you until you return while I continue to brew genuine sake.
"And thus the case was closed."
Ah..., I figured they wouldn't have the Takakuma here.
Takakuma, Takakuma...
It doesn't matter.
I'll take anything!
Do you still want more?
(Thinking) "This one cares more about quantity than quality."
This kind of drink is very good for your health.
"Like pots like chips, they say."
Good morning to all!
What's wrong with my face?
We saw a suspicious person on our way to school!
Sato...
"The love story
the metropolitan police inspectors 6 (part 1)"
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitara.
Kinou mita mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono

meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni...

