Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
In today's case, the suspect is a friend of a policeman.
Where will he be able to get his love
after overcoming a scenario full of obstacles?
...he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

"When she learned that she was being sent to Tottori.
"To work on a joint investigation,
"In Takagi was upset."
"But despite the fact that they should be separated for about 3 years,
"The Sato did as if it was nothing."
"Meanwhile, we saw the suspect in a murder case."
"And then..."
You're the one who stabbed Hirotoshi, right?!
What?
Me, committing murder?
Where the fuck do you get it, this, huh?!
What's going on?
Stop yelling.
-Mmmm... What's it like?
-What?
Chiba!
Oh!
This is getting interesting...
THE LOVE STORY
METROPOLITAN POLICE INVESTIGATORS 6, (PART 2)
(Cho) Hey, Chiba, come here for a moment!
Yes, sir.
May I help you?
Chiba!
Speak up, Chiba!
Is it true?!
You were watching TV with that man at the time the crime was committed?!
I hope you're not lying!
I'm asking you to swear on the cherry blossom on this plaque!
Yes, sir!
I swear on it.
Okay...
Forgive me.
-Yes, sir... -Yes, sir...
-Chiba...
The job of a police investigator is quite unpleasant...
(Think) "Think, think..."
Come on, the continuation, put the continuation!
-Next up, finally, is number 4!
When the male Boniato, his archenemy, appears!
"BARON BONIATO'S CONSPIRACY."
"Come to think of it, I'd say..."
"No doubt about it! The murderer is Mr. Kato!"
"He has deceived the investigator Chiba...
"And used it to make an alibi for himself."
"He has manipulated the time with blood on his hands."
(Sato) I can't find anything.
Neither the sweatshirt nor the black backpack the suspect was carrying...
-Nothing at all... And you, Mr. Cho?
-How do you have it there?
No, nothing.
I can't find it.
Yes, it doesn't seem to be there.
No.
At least in here...
It seems that Mr. Kato, this person who lives with you,
is not the suspect...
Uh... yeah...
(Sato) Then who the fuck is?
Let's see who is the man the children have seen near the scene?
It was probably a man who looked like him,
because Mr. Kato has an alibi.
It was here watching "Mornings Live 7" with Chiba.
Well, for the time being, we'll pass!
And we have to go take the kids home.
Yes, we'll have to leave it for today.
(thinks) "Inspector Megre told me that he is a veteran
"And that I was to observe and learn all I could from him."
"But in this case..."
(Sato) Hey, Chiba.
Chiba!
(Sato) Ah!
Yes!
Can you go get Mr. Kato, who's waiting for us downstairs?
We can't leave without saying goodbye properly.
Yes, I'll go get him!
Will we have to start all over again?
I hope we won't have to for long.
"For long? Wait..."
"If triguéssim forces to solve this case,
"Maybe he shouldn't leave to work in Tottori any more.
"And I could stay here with the Sato..."
"Piece of stock! But now who catches you?"
"I'm a police investigator and I have to solve it soon!"
Hey, young man, don't worry.
You can rest easy.
I'll make sure the case is solved before the transfer to Tottori.
Yes, sir.
And if it goes on for a long time, you have to leave the case to someone else.
That's right...
It will be all right.
Everything will be fine, Investigator Takagi.
I don't think it will take too long.
(Kato) I've already told you.
Between 7 and 2/4 of 8 I watched TV with Chiba in the dining room!

Take it easy, man.
Hey... Excuse me, sir!
What was the program you were watching?
Eh?
I already told you.
"Mornings Live 7!"
Ah.
What do you want it to be?
Which one?
The ones broadcasting at 7 o'clock on Nichiuri Television.
But... You see?
They also put it on cable TV at 9 o'clock in the morning.
-It's true!
-If you want...
This means that if it takes an hour and a half to get here,
"Mr. Nakamoto could have died shortly after 7,
"come back here, take off in Chiba at 9 o'clock...
"And watch 'Mornings Live 7' on cable together..."
and set up a false alibi.
Chiba, you were drinking last night...
and stopped to sleep in the dining room, right?
Yes.
If he made Chiba drink himself into a stupor..,
when he woke her up in Chiba he was half asleep...
He must not have realized that it was a cable TV program.
Wait a minute!
Maybe he was half asleep, but the video, you can't fool him.
The video I shot this morning
with the cooking corner of "Las Mañanas en Directo 7" had the time on.
If it were the one that they put on cable TV, you would not see the time it is,
you wouldn't see what time it is on the screen!
-It's true.
-They broadcast it 2 hours later.
After having watched "Mornings live 7" until 8 o'clock,
I watched that 6-hour video.
And he was with me while we were watching the baseball game.
He didn't leave for a moment.
That's when you guys showed up in the middle of the game.
The only time I wasn't with him was when I took a bath.
And half an hour was not enough time to commit the crime.
I went to take a bath when I had watched half a tape.
It would be 11 o'clock.
But I don't know...
In half an hour you can do a lot of things...
You can have a coffee... you can watch TV... you can copy videotapes..,
you can copy video tapes...
Co-copy tapes?
"That's right! Copy tapes."
Got it!
If I had programmed the VCR to record "Mornings Live 7",
it could have recorded it on top of the cable program
that Chiba would have recorded!
What's more, he has recorded "Four Minutes in the Kitchen with Yoko Okino"!
Besides, she has the 2 players ready!
But when I recorded it
I would have noticed that there was no time on the screen....
(Ouch) I wouldn't be so sure....
The one around the TV is full of those notes.
If he's used to seeing them all scattered around the screen,
it means that even if you don't look at the clock on the screen,
there comes a point where you can already tell when everything starts.
So you often don't look at the time and that doesn't matter much to you, does it?
Because he already knew that the cooking space was done after the time,
so you didn't have to look at the time to record it either.
And he also commented on the breaking news about Hide
that they printed on the screen.
Yes...
If the program they were watching was the one that started at 7,
I think they would have talked about that news throughout the program.
When it's a recording of a program that was broadcast live, it's impossible to cover new news,
it's impossible to cover new news.
You said that throughout the program they didn't say anything about the news, right?
Yes...
-Some of those news came out on the screen when I was in the toilet.
But be careful, don't forget!
We've been watching Yaiba the Masked for 6 hours since 8 o'clock!
And if you add the half hour he's been taking a bath,
that's 6 and a half hours!
If we had watched "Mornings Live 7" on cable from 9 to 10,
we would have finished watching the video at 4 p.m.!
The live baseball game was over at 4.
But you guys came in just before 4, right?
Mmmm... Now that you mention it, it's true.
So I wouldn't have had enough time...
Let's see, what time did Masked Yaiba start watching?
Just a moment.
Not you, I'm talking about them.
I told you!
At 8 o'clock in the morning!
A little before I started to examine this room.
At 10 minutes past 4.
So it's been 2 hours since they started looking at it.
Listen, guys... What episode are you watching now?
"Yaiba Thunder God's Secret Fist Technique!"

Answer me!
What episode are you watching now?
-It's the interesting part!
-The last scene of episode 6!
Stop messing around, Conan!
Episode 6?
Eh...
-If the episodes are half an hour long, it should have been 3 hours. -Yeah, yeah.
-Yes, yes.
-Mitsuhiko, come on!
The continuation!
-Of course, the advertisement!
-The next one is...
And not only the advertisement.
They can't wait until they see the next episode,
and they also skip the start mask, the previews of the episode...
the final mask and the summary of the previous episode.
It takes them 20 minutes to watch each episode.
Do you do this too?
Yes, probably...
So, it would take 240 minutes to watch 12 episodes.
That's only 4 hours!
Now I get it.
Even if you watched the show from 9 to 10,
these 2 hours of delay would be compensated
by the way Chiba records those episodes;
so they'd finish in time to watch baseball live at 2 o'clock.
Very clever, my boy.
Besides, as in Chiba has been bathing,
his notion of time might have been altered.
Even if he caught the game started,
he wouldn't be able to know how much time had passed,
and you could control the passage of time!
In Chiba he went to the bathroom and in the kitchen.
Well you have looked at the clock!
-Yes, and I didn't think anything strange happened....
That's why you manipulated them, right?
Manipulated?
The clocks?
He manipulated the clock 2 hours before waking up in Chiba.
He moved the hands of the dining room clock and the kitchen clock.
And while in Chiba he watched the video, in Kato he has been going back to the time.
Of course.
The clock in the dining room has its back to the television,
and, as for the kitchen clock, with the door closed you can't see anything...
It was easy for me to manipulate the hands of the clock!
But there are also clocks in the bedroom and the hall.
In Chiba he fell asleep last night.
And when he took a bath, he also had the clothes here to change,
so he probably didn't touch the one in the bedroom.
What about the clock in the hall?
He couldn't touch the hall clock!
If a messenger came and found that the time didn't fit,
he would have found it strange.
I'm sure Mr. Kato has assured me that he would be the one...
who would go outside and answer when someone knocked on the door.
Let's see.
Come to think of it, when we got here, you...
Ep, you brat!
Do you have any proof of that?
Why don't you ask... investigator Chiba?
(Chiba) What?
(Chiba) Kato...
The clocks in this house are 5 minutes fast...
This way, I avoid being late for work...
I just checked,
but the only ones that have the same time as before I advanced them...
are the ones in the dining room and in the kitchen.
And if I haven't touched them, you're the only one who could....
You must be joking!
They're accusing me just because your clocks are ahead!
Show me the evidence that proves I murdered her!
Ah... I'm sure they'll find it on their way here...
(Cho) They've found it!
(Cho) Right now.
They found the black backpack with a weight tied to the bottom of the river Teima,
between the scene of the crime... and these apartments.
Inside, there was a T-shirt, blood-stained pants...
and a sweatshirt stained with blood on the inside...
because he was wearing it over the T-shirt.
And furthermore, in the backpack,
there are 2 fingerprints full of blood and blackened.
They were probably left when he took off his shirt, which was stained.
And, of course, you know whose prints they are, don't you?
The car you rented for the night was found in a nearby parking lot.
So we'll take a much closer look at it later.
That's a problem.
Those bloody footprints, I was going to wipe them off later,
so they're probably still in the car.
It was you!
You used me!
You used me, you feel?
You tricked me into giving you an alibi!
Yes...
I assumed that the police would believe your testimony
because you were a cop.
-Forgive me.
-Kato, how could you...?
I couldn't think of any other way to vent the rage
I was having my girlfriend taken.

I knew that her feelings for me had weakened while I was away,
and I wasn't surprised when I learned she was marrying Nakamoto.
But when I went to talk to Nakamoto,
she showed me letters and postcards I had sent her.
He said to me, "What a display, pretty boy."
as he made a sly smile and threw them in my face.
"They were the unopened postcards and letters I had written."
"Surely he had kept them from reaching her."
And on top of that it was him, the womanizer of them all.
This made me furious.
I was so angry that I hadn't even realized...
that all the clocks were five minutes fast.
Wow.
You could tell by the sneakers?
Yeah, the stitching on the laces of the sneakers were damp,
while the rest of the shoes were clean and dry...
If he had cleaned his sneakers, he would have taken the laces out, right?
Ah!
That's how he knew that the murderer was Mr. Kato!
He had wiped the mud off his slippers
so that it would not be known that he had been running in the rain.
After I had noticed it, I sent the investigators....
"The places where he could have gotten rid of the black backpack.
"Between the house and the scene of the incident."
I did so as soon as I confirmed that Chiba was not lying.
I didn't want to think this way,
but if in Chiba he was the accomplice, the evidence would have been further.
What do you mean?
So..., you also suspected Chiba?
Yes.
The job of a police investigator is very unpleasant,
because you must suspect even the nicest people.
(Cho) "In Chiba he must be digesting this time.
"While facing that man in the interrogation room, now."
Well, I'll see you.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Yes, sir... We'll take the kids home, sir.
-A new one?
That's not fair!
-I want to ride in the front seat!
Let us ride in the front seat once in a while!
Come on, don't fight and come inside.
Let's do it rock, paper, scissors!
- (Genta) Don't listen to him!
- (Ayumi) Conan, come here, please!
(Think) "The investigator..."
"The job of an investigator is unpleasant.
"Because you always have to suspect everyone..."
"Sato..., don't you ever doubt me?"
"You know I have to go to Tottori."
"And there I could be approached by all kinds of pretty girls."
"If you really love me..."
"If you really have feelings for me..."
Come on, come on in.
"You should at least be a little affected..."
(Sato: call)
Sa... Sato.
Are you all right?
Who did this?
Who played this joke on you?
-That's an offense to the police!
-What a bad joke!
He-he... It was Sato, who put him there... Eh?
(Think) "Eh? Is she affected? It can't be..."
Say... You won't put them on me, will you?
The horns.
Eh?
Of course you won't...
Even if I introduce you to a gorgeous policewoman
in a miniskirt or a super-attractive "Commissioner" actress?
You really won't do it?
Sa... Sato...
I'll go there
and become an even better investigator than I am now!
Therefore, before I leave...
Therefore, before I leave, I want...
I want you... I want you and I... you and I... we... we... we...
Where will you go?
- (Sato) Sergeant Matsumoto!
- (Takagi) Ah!
Inspector Megre!
(Takagi) What?
(Takagi) What?
That Mr. Cho is going to Tottori?
Isn't that me?
You donkey!
It's not... It's not me?
We can't send a dunce like you to another prefecture!
He'll represent the Tokyo police.
But, didn't he call me at home this morning?
Oh, I'm sorry!
Because your name is Chosuke Takagi!
As you have the same surname, I got confused....
(Think) "Mr. Cho's last name is Takagi? Coi de Yumi!"
Oh, Mommy.
Oh, Mommy.
What are they talking about me?
What an alert on the way back!
Take care of the children, please.
Uh, yes, sir!
-Eh?
-So?
-Ah, well, you know...
You and me, what?
I want you... and I want you and me to...
Ah, sure!
That we go to karaoke!
Oh, what a good idea!
- (Genta) Hurray!
- (Mitsuhiko) To karaoke?
(All) Oh!
Masked Yaiba!

Yaiba the Masked!
(Think) "How awful."
What the fuck was I waiting for that to happen?
This is the height of a child!
What's that?
One meter 10. It can't be.
But how do you understand?
This is not normal.
Coi!
He was in Mr. Kitamura's office for 5 hours...
waiting... for it to arrive...
And the next Conan: "The mysterious discrepancy of 20 centimeters"...
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

