Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
Investigator Takagi will be out today?
An unimaginable set-up!
Will the police find out which killer is hiding behind it?
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

Today we have to go shopping for a lot of things.
You'll help me, won't you?
Yes...
(Thinks) "He's in a good mood."
(Hums)
What a nice day it is!
Yes, it's true...
I'll be right back!
Conan!
(Takagi) I'd like to confirm the time
and the circumstances under which you found him.
It was at 8 o'clock in the morning.
The chairman hadn't shown up for the morning assembly
and went to notify him...
Uh... Yes, sir!
Come with me, please.
-Yes, at the back of the office.
-The office is in another building?
You found President Katsugoro Kitamura lying on the floor, didn't you?
Yes, sir, that's right.
(Knock)
"Chairman..."
"Chairman..."
"Excuse me, wasn't the morning assembly to be held today?"
"Chairman!"
"Chairman!"
"Chairman! Oh! President!"
THE MYSTERIOUS DISCREPANCY OF 20 CENTIMETERS.
Did you notice anything out of the ordinary?
I don't remember, but they're supposed to have already caught the killer.
Don't you have any decisive evidence?
Why are you re-investigating?
No, rather we found a very large discrepancy.
Eh?
Co... Conan!
What discrepancy are you talking about?
Conan!
Conan, don't be mean!
Excuse me, please!
But..., Ran!
What's this big discrepancy I was talking about?
Yes..., let's see...
"The victim was Mr. Katsugoro Kitamura, age 47."
"He was the president of this factory."
"The approximate time of death, between 4:00 and 10:00 the day before yesterday."
"As soon as they discovered the body, they set up a police cordon,
"And the next day, the suspect..."
"That is, yesterday, he was taken into police custody."
Mmmm...
"The suspect is Mr. Yuichi Minamida, 47 years old."
"He is the owner and chef of a small western food restaurant."
We were classmates in high school....
It's true that I went to see Kitamura yesterday,
but I didn't murder him.
You owed Mr. Kitamura 30 million yen.
He didn't extend the deadline for you to pay back the money
and, in desperation, he stabbed you.
On no evidence?
My fingerprints are on the knife used in the murder?
"No fingerprints were detected,
"But traces of tissue were found."
"They had wiped the prints off after the crime was committed."
(They call)
Inspector Megre!
Apart from the fact that he owed her money,
was there any other motive that led him to commit the crime?
Mr. Kitamura was after his restaurant and the grounds.
He spread unsubstantiated rumors
about the sanitary conditions of his establishment,
and that led to his ruin.
Then he left him $30 million three months ago.
"Mr. Minamida, after finding out that he intended to in Kitamura,
became irritated and explained to people how angry he was.
On the day of debt repayment, which was the day of the crime,
"In Minamida appeared in Kitamura's office at one o'clock."
- "Give me 3 more days! No, 2!"
- "How long do you think you have left?"
"I let you have them because we've been friends for years."
"If you don't have the money, give me the land titles."
"Kitamura!"
"What do you want?"
"Excuse me, chairman!"
"We have some problems with the machine. Eh?"
"Come on in, I'll be right back."
"Yes, okay, Mr. President."
"What a bunch! You're all useless."
- "I know what you're up to!"

- "What do you think you're doing?"
- "You had already pre-planned it!"
- "Let me go!"
"Let me go!"
"You wanted the deeds to my land! Ah!"
"And what are you going to do?!"
"Leave the deeds and go for a walk! You loser of the devil!"
(Takagi) "I think that those words made...
"Minamida-san to make up his mind to do it."
"He hoped that Kitamura would come back..."
(Takagi) But Minamida-san...
-Yes, he came back after half an hour and I started negotiating with him,
and I was there until 6 o'clock in the evening,
but in the end he kicked me out of the office.
Can anyone confirm that?
I don't know...
(Shinichi voice) There is the circumstantial evidence,
but none definite.
(Conan's voice) Eh... Surely that would be what I would say in Kogoro.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
You haven't told me what this absurd detail is!
The major discrepancy is the difference in height
between the suspect and Minamida.
The height difference?
What do you mean?
He's tougher than he looked.
That he speaks so confidently also has me worried.
Inspector!
I've received a rather absurd report from the forensic police.
The height of the victim, Mr. Kitamura, is 5'6",
and Mr. Minamida's height is one meter 86.
Minamida is 20 centimeters taller.
And what would that mean?
When a tall person stabs a person shorter than him, the angle of the knife describes a diagonal,
the angle of the knife describes a diagonal from above.
And if a short person stabs a taller person, the angle of the knife would describe a diagonal from below,
it would describe a diagonal from below.
The knife in Kitamura's chest described a diagonal from below.
It's impossible that in Minamida, 20 centimeters taller, it would have killed him.
No... it can't be...
So I asked the scientists
to apply the angle of the knife to calculate the height of the killer.
Well?
The result gave a height of approximately 1.10 meters.
This is the height of a child!
What?
One meter 10?
It can't be.
Mmmm... I've got it!
If he stabbed her from the stairwell,
he could have done it from the bottom.
The crime scene is a single-space building, no stairs.
So, he took advantage of the victim letting her guard down...
He ducked down and stabbed him!
Oh!
What are you doing?!
Takagi, you just stabbed me, didn't you?
Oh... Excuse me, Inspector.
Inspector!
I think Mr. Minamida is the murderer, too.
But the victim, she was stabbed from the front.
It's hard to believe that she was attacked in a diversion.
And a week before the incident, Mr. Minamida sprained his ankle.
I don't know if she could bend over with a foot in a cast.
(He thinks) "I don't think I could do it."
Maybe he forced him up somewhere and stabbed him.
This is impossible.
Mr. Kitamura practiced judo,
and he wouldn't be intimidated if Minamida threatened her with a knife.
Everyone says that, rather, it was in Kitamura who would attack in Minamida.
"So, the height difference is what protects en Minamida?"
No, no, Conan!
You have another picture!
Eh?
Was this man wearing glasses?
He wasn't wearing them in the other picture.
They were reading glasses.
You wear reading glasses when you know you're going to read something.
That means she was attacked when she was reading something.
But I don't see that there's anything to read...
It's true, we haven't found what she was supposed to be reading.
The problem is that what she was supposed to be reading is nowhere to be found,
the gentleman must have taken it with him.
"Blow! You're wide awake, investigator Takagi!"
We don't know what the hell it was supposed to be.
Nor why he was supposed to wear it...
These were the president's slippers?
Yes, that's right.
And he was wearing them when Mr. Minamida came the day before yesterday?
Yes, he was wearing them.
"And I would say that in Minamida he was barefoot."
But..., how come the slippers are like that?
He took them off when he received the impact of the stabbing!
The impact?
What you are saying would perhaps be strange.
Yes, because you don't see that they are in disarray.
It's as if someone had placed them carefully, right?
I haven't touched them!

They were already like that when the body was found....
Surely, he took them off?
And if not, in Minamida he must have taken them off afterwards.
Why would he go to all this trouble?
Perhaps Mr. Kitamura took them off himself?
"I've got it!"
But how could he be understood to do such a thing?
Coi!
I don't understand anything!
"A diagonal stab from the bottom up?"
"A height difference?"
"A ladder? What?"
"What to do?"
"President Kitamura...used the ladder.... to do what?"
"Ah! It's this!"
"But, wait a minute."
"How in Minamida did he have this thought?"
"How does one understand that a chef would come up with a set-up...
"To solve his height problem by planning this?"
What was he waiting for to happen?
At first we thought his had been an impulsive crime.
But after observing him,
we've come to the conclusion
that it was a murder planned in detail.
Maybe there had to be some compelling reason
why you were in the president's office until 6 o'clock.
You had another motive
and it wasn't to ask him to extend the deadline for repaying the debt.
5 hours in the president's office!
What were you waiting for?
A miracle, I guess...
Takagi?
I've discovered something very big!
"But this is just an inference."
"I need evidence that will make him confess.... Proof..."
(Takagi) What?!
S-something big?
I hope it's not bad news.
One more thing?
"Ten years ago there were some people killed..."
(Takagi) to the jurisdiction of the port police station.
Yuichi Minamida, an employee of the company, was arrested!
(Sato) "Although in Minamida denied it,
"The prosecutor brought him to trial."
"But the evidence the lawyers presented saved him."
"That evidence was the angle of the wound left by the stab wound."
"It was proven that with his stature,
"In Minamida he could not have stabbed anyone at that angle."
"And while the trial was going on they arrested the real killer."
This means that en Minamida knew from the start
that the height difference between him and the victim would be evidence!
"Now I know why he came up with this!"
Of course you do, exactly.
He has used a set-up playing on the height difference!
A montage... playing on the height difference?
Sato, and what kind of... montage is this?
"I don't know yet..."
I'll go report to Inspector Megre.
Takagi, go pull over to headquarters.
I'll go back to the station.
Then I'll go back to the station.
-You're welcome.
Thank you very much for everything!
One moment, one moment.
Tell me, Mr. Kitamura's height is 1.66.
For an adult person, is that tall or short?
I want to be tall too, being a small child is impractical.
To get to the high places you have to use the ladder.
Adults are lucky because they don't have to use the ladder.
A ladder?
This is not true.
When you have to clean the air conditioner and change light bulbs, even the father uses a ladder,
even the father uses a ladder.
Eh?
The light bulbs.
If the bulbs were burned out...
Oops!
It would also be too much of a coincidence if the lights were burned out.
Conan, what are you doing?
Mother was telling me to turn on the light when it gets dark.
Conan!
Au.
Reading a book in dark places hurts your eyesight.
In dark places?
A book...?
Reading glasses...
Light bulbs...
Slippers!
I get it!
You, don't dawdle and go home.
"Now I need evidence to force him to confess everything."
Looks like Investigator Takagi has come up with an idea!
Mr. Yuichi Minamida,
you went to Mr. Kitamura's office for 5 hours waiting for...
for the sunset to come, didn't you?
Sunset?
And why should I wait for the sun to set?
Because that's when Kitamura turns on the lights in the office.
But the light didn't come on that day.
"In Kitamura wanted to know what the problem was and climbed a ladder."
If I took advantage of that instant I could stab Mr. Kitamura,
20 centimeters shorter than you, from below.
This is ridiculous...

Are you saying that the bulbs were blown on that very day?
Are you saying that I already knew that the bulbs would not light up?
They didn't blow.
You loosened them.
- "I know what you're pretending!"
- "What do you think you're doing?"
"Let me go!"
"You had this planned all along!"
"You wanted the deeds to my land! Ah!"
(Takagi) "Eat, go to the bathroom..."
"If you held out for 5 hours,
"I'd have plenty of chances for Mr. Kitamura to leave."
"He's going to loosen the light bulbs"
when he went to check the machines.
You can't be sure that Mr. Kitamura would check the bulbs!
He would warn one of his employees to do it first.
-To prevent him from doing so,
you handed him some documents when it started to get dark.
The reading glasses tell us that.
Eh?
Reading glasses?
The deceased was wearing reading glasses.
He must have been reading something, so he was wearing glasses...
Something that was very important to the killer.
The deeds to the land where his restaurant is located:
What he wanted in Kitamura, right?
"So you've decided to give them to me the..."
"Mmmm?"
"It's not a blackout. What a drag. Again?"
(Takagi) "What an inconvenient time."
(Takagi) "He set it all up so....
"He thought it was a waste of time when he called one of his employees."
"Mmmm? What's this? They were just lazy."
Do you recognize your crime?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
The reading glasses!
And the slippers will surely serve as evidence
to prove that Kitamura climbed the ladder.
But this won't prove that I loosened the light bulbs.
Will it?
"Takagi..."
"Takagi..."
(Mobile)
"Mm? Come on..."
- "It's me, at Mouri..."
-Yes?
Oh!
Mr. Mouri!
The Ran has explained the case to me.
Mr. Minamida confessed?
It won't be long now...
He wants me to show him proof that he tampered with the lamp...
(Kogoro voice) No proof is proof...
(Kogoro voice) What?
What do you mean?
Yes... Yes...
Of course it is!
I get it, I'll do it right now!
I'm going to check something with the scientists!
Mmm?
Takagi!
Takagi!
What's he thinking?
That's perfect!
This will do for now!
Eh... For... now?
(Takagi) Mr. Minamida, all culprits make mistakes.
And there's another one besides the glasses and slippers issue.
"After the murder county has wiped the fingerprints of the knife."
"At the same time, he wiped off the light bulbs he had loosened."
Yes, sometimes, the fact that there is no evidence is the proof.
The scientist has checked again to see if there were any prints in light.
They say they haven't found any.
Neither did the footprints at Kitamura, which were supposed to be there.
I have confirmed this with the family of the deceased,
and the light bulbs were also blown about a month ago,
and in Kitamura I had personally changed them.
But, still, they have found no prints.
This obviously shows that someone was tampering with the bulbs.
With this set-up, he made
Kitamura to climb the ladder to stab him from below.
The difference in height and angle of the stabbing had served him....
10 years earlier.
This itself will frame him for the murder.
(tearful) Ten years ago, I was innocent.
But the company sent me away as soon as I was arrested.
My father was the only one who believed in me.
The restaurant was the dream of my father, who had died a year ago.
He had protected his dream... And Kitamura wanted to take me!
Yes, he took me, he must believe me, he must believe me!
It doesn't matter now, what were the reasons he had...
What is the value of a dream when it endangers the life of a person!
(TV: woman) "What did he say?"
- (phone)
- (woman) "I don't know!"
-Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
- (ring)
Detectives Mouri...
Investigator Takagi.
What's wrong?
Yes, he confessed thanks to you!
We're home!
What?
What did he confess?
Mr. Minamida?
What?
Thank you very much for everything!
Good bye.
What the hell was he talking about?

What's wrong, Mr. Kogoro?
Eh?
He said that Mr. Minamida confessed and thank you very much.
That's good!
It happened again... something.
Brrr!
Being a detective is so hard!
"I agree with you, Kogoro! He-he-he-he..."
We're the police.
You have a kidnapping case, right?
"The deadline is 5 o'clock in the afternoon. We have an hour and a half left."
"Maybe, the reason for the kidnapping is..."
What?
What's happened?
"There's someone else behind this."
"I don't like it, there's something strange."
And the next Conan: "The case that looks like a kidnapping."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

