Start wo kirou kugiri wo tsukete!
Niega to akirame no naka wo
move nurugamu you ni!
A kidnapping usually requires a ransom,
but there's something strange about today's case.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Higa Noboru Dakara sono me hirakun Jana.
Mezametai toki Dakara KOSO sono me de Taiyou wo
mitsukeru Tsui Tsui su uketori jouzu na Bokura wa!
Sono mama ya naka naka utsukushii mono ni narenain
dayone Bokura dare mueva koete yukitai
mono wa ATAE rareru...
katachi ya Naku kotoba janaku nazuke you no nai mono Dakara!
Start wo kirou kimi to reset shite
Tsuga ni kuru chance tameshi tai.
Start wo kirou kore made no kara
kimi to mayou Ashita demo ii!

Two quarters of 3?
At this hour everyone is getting sleepy.
(Wheels: squeaking)
(rumbling)
What happened?
(Boy) What happened?
(Boy) The police!
Somebody get the police!
(Woman) No, an ambulance, first!
You will no longer have any ambulance.
He's dead on the spot.
(Boy) No wonder, with the speed at which he was going...
-It is impossible that he could control the direction, at this speed.
It's unbelievable!
What-what are they, all that money?
Give it to me!
It looks like there's a letter inside.
"Here's the 30 million yen. I haven't talked to the police."
"Please come back to my father right away... domotics."
All this money is...
(thinks) "To pay the ransom for a kidnapping. It's obvious!"
THE CASE THAT LOOKED LIKE A KIDNAPPING
The deceased's name is Takeshi Hirano.
He has a record for threats and robbery.
He must be one of the kidnappers.
He was returning to his home pun after going for ransom?
If Hirano is the one who committed the kidnapping, we are in the dark.
No one knows where the person he kidnapped was locked up, Inspector.
And on top of that, we don't have time either.
"The father has bad kidneys and needs medication every 6 hours."
"It's a matter of life and death."
"I'm sending the drugs with the ransom."
The kidnapped person will not get the dosage of medication he needs
unless we hurry and find him.
This is the most important thing, now.
First we have to find out who the kidnapped person is.
His last name is Domota.
But what domotics?
This is the question.
Maybe he has visited a hospital, where he has been prescribed medicines.
(Takagi) I am from Beika Electric.
I bring them the TV.
(Woman) "I didn't order any TV. I think you're mistaken."
No, no..., it's not a mistake.
Please, please check the delivery note.
Excuse me, but we didn't order any TV.
(We are from the police.
-The police?
-Dear...
(Kogoro) Hello, it's been a long time!
Do you remember me?
We went to college together.
(Kogoro) It's me.
Hey, why did you come, you too?
And I'm your son!
Nice to meet you!
(Flow) If you show up with a child it will be less suspicious.
Oh... (Laughs) Yes...
You have a kidnapping case, right?
The father.
Don't worry, Mr. Domotics.
We've looked at the domotics who lived in Tokyo
and who have visited each other in the hospital for kidney diseases.
And we found your father, Shozaburo domotics.
We were told that if we reported it the police would kill the father!
How come the police got the ransom?
Look, the situation has changed.
-We left it where we were asked!
What's the matter?
The culprit has died in a traffic accident.
-The culprit is dead?!
-Eh?
Please do not give up.
We are now investigating the man's friends.
We're hoping that we'll find out where they're keeping their father locked up
thanks to the clues we get.
But the father hasn't received this.
It was supposed to be given to him every 6 hours.
When was he injected?
This morning at 9 o'clock.
So, the next dose... should be given at 3 o'clock in the afternoon!
It's long past the hour!
Inspector...
This doesn't mean that he has to go critical right away,
but if he goes more than 8 hours without medication...
A limit of 8 hours.
This means...
(Think) "The deadline is at 5. We have an hour and a half left."
Please explain in detail when and how she was kidnapped.

and also the personal and family circumstances in which I live.
"In our country we are 4 people."
"My father, in Shozaburo domotics,
"Who runs a metal processing company;
"I, his only daughter; my husband Akinari,
"and Masayo, our housekeeper."
Today is the anniversary of the company's opening,
so they were having a party.
-I work at my father's company.
-That's why we were at home.
You are married to the president's daughter
and someday he will be the heir.
I injected the father's medicine at 9 o'clock in the morning,
and then I went to see a friend of mine.
(Akinari) "I promised her long ago that I would go to see."
(Akinari) "Afterwards, the father has gone for a walk."
"He always does, when he has a party."
"And around 10 o'clock I went to the study to put documents in order."
("Telephone")
(Housekeeper) "At 11 o'clock, when I was cleaning the bathtub, the phone rang."
"It was a young man's voice."
(Boy) " 'Put someone from the family on!"
"Hello, this is domotics."
"What, kidnapped?"
In other words, Mr. Domotics has kidnapped her while she was strolling
between 9 and 11 o'clock in the morning.
Is that how it went?
When she goes for a walk, does she always take the same route?
Where does it go?
Yes, practically the same.
(Takagi) With that, maybe you'll find a clue as to where it's closed.
I'll go and look.
I called my wife and told her to come home.
"I'll do whatever it takes to raise the $30 million ransom you're asking for."
"Don't worry. Nothing will happen to him as long as we give them the money."
- "Akinari, please. Save him."
- "I'll take care of it."
"Everything will be fine now."
"Thank you, Akinari... Thank you very much."
(Ring)
"Hello?"
"Yes..., yes, the rescue, of course."
He told me to wait for us at home
and that they would return the father to us after they had the ransom.
-I put the medicine in the suitcase just in case.
"Four o'clock. We only have an hour left to make the deadline."
Don't cry.
The father will come home safe and sound.
Yes, let's hope he's all right, despite all he puts us through every day.
Detective Mouri asked me to ask you...
what he means by "despite what he puts us through every day".
Mr. domotics always makes Mr. Akinari feel bad;
he's very hard on him, you know?
Make him feel bad?
"What do you come out with?!"
"The least I see from you is ambition or entrepreneurial spirit."
"I'm trying as hard as I can for the company too."
"I have to tell you that you're not fit to follow in my footsteps."
"The mere sight of you takes away my appetite."
"Father!"
(Housekeeper) "I wonder why he's so hard on Mr. Akinari."
"But his wife protects him, when these things happen, doesn't she?"
"Well... When they were first married, he and she got along very well."
"But, lately, even the domotics gentlemen..."
"Aren't you ashamed? Don't let him talk to you like that!"
"Behave like a man!"
"Mitsuko... you, you too?"
"Maybe it's because of her father's influence."
But with this kidnapping thing, it's a different story.
Even Mr. Akinari worries about him.
Of course, that's why he has made such a big effort to get the ransom.
(Mitsuko: cries)
"I guess... But this has nothing to do with the kidnapping, it seems to me."
(Mobile)
It's me.
According to a friend who hangs out with in Hirano,
last week, the deceased received a lot of money.
Wow, this means someone paid him to do it!
I'm sure he did.
But I haven't found out who hired him yet.
So, even if you don't know who it is?
Keep asking questions of his acquaintances!
Just that we found out who he is, we would have a clue as to where he is locked up.
"There is someone, behind." But there's something that doesn't add up."
What is it?
Inspector, don't you think it's strange?
For whoever's running the kidnapping,
the one who went to get the ransom should have been back long ago.
Wouldn't it be normal for him to call to ask what happened?
It's true... Now that you mention it.
"Exactly."

"How is it that the one who plotted this is indifferent about money?"
-Mitsuko.
-Oh!
Father!
"Perhaps... the real reason for the kidnapping is..."
"I see!"
"In this case..."
Ah, again?
What do you want, boy?
Mr. Akinari domotics has been your study all morning, right?
Did you say anything to him, when he came in?
Yes, he had work to do.
Something...?
Ah..., wow.
"Hey, Masayo, I want to concentrate on work for a while."
"Please don't bring me tea."
"Just as I thought. Then..."
"Machine oil."
"The thing is clear."
"I already know who the real culprit in this kidnapping case is."
"But the person in question won't say anything even if we put pressure on him."
"And finally the 5 o'clock deadline will come."
"This is the real target behind it, and not the ransom."
"We only have half an hour. Where are they keeping Mr. Domotics closed?!"
Hey, kid, what the hell are you looking at, on the map?
I was wondering where Beika was supposed to go, the bike.
In the hideout where they have the kidnap victim.
Where do you want it to go?
If you take Beika Park, where they've left the ransom,
to where the accident happened and draw a straight line...
It's very likely.
But, Conan...
Wait a minute, you can't be sure if he had to do 10 kilometers or 100.
There's another place named after this family.
"Metalwork domotics."
Ah..., this is our factory.
"But six months ago we moved and built one to the east,
"And it's closed."
That is to say, there is no activity.
So, there will be no one and no one should go there either!
It's perfect to have a closed person.
Yes, that's right.
It is very likely.
Conan, give me the map!
-It's possible that it is!
-The father is in that factory?
Oh, we only have 15 minutes left!
Please, please, domotic gentlemen, do not give up until the end!
"Ben said. There's still a quarter left. I hope we make it in time."
Let it stop, let time stand still!
Father...
Give it to me, I'll open it myself.
-Mr. Domotics!
-Father!
Mr. domotics!
-Father!
-Father!
Father!
Father!
He's still breathing!
It's me, Takagi!
Please, an ambulance.
The place is...
(Kogoro) Mr. Domotics, you have to hold on!
(Sirens)
Your wife will accompany you to the hospital.
(Sirens) Yes, sir.
You go with them, too!
(Kogoro) Oh!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
(Megre voice) Please wait, Mr. domotics.
Uh, why?
It's turned into the Sleeping Kogoro!
Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) I'm convinced that Mr. domotics will get well,
despite what you expected to happen, Mr. Akinari.
Well, well... despite what I expected?
What do you mean by that?
When I saw that the motive for the kidnapping was not money,
it became clear to me.
According to what the housekeeper explained to Conan,
"You and Mitsuko went a long way and got married because you loved each other."
"But once inside the domotic family as the husband of the heiress," Conan said,
"I had to endure every day that Mr. Domota criticized him
"For not being ambitious enough or, according to him, for not being a good enough heir."
"Naturally, he detested Mr. Shozaburo,"
and thought to make him disappear forever.
Eh?
No way!
But you didn't have enough courage to do it.
So you came up with this plan.
A plan...?
Don't be ridiculous.
I don't know what you're talking about!
No, you don't!
Inspector Megre, the culprit is... Mr. Akinari.
It's-it's impossible!
What's that?
Mr. Domotics was kidnapped while he was taking a walk.
At that time, Mr. Akinari was...
(Akinari)... in my studio working!
I wonder if it's true.
"When you entered the studio, you..."
"Masayo, I want to concentrate on work for a while."
"Please don't bring me tea."
"After saying this to Masayo.
"She put on the shoes she had prepared in advance."
"He caught Mr. Domotic who was walking around.
"He made him get into the car..."
"What the hell did you want to talk to me about? Why did you bring me here?"

"May I know what kind of man you are?"
"If you have something to say, do it without wasting time! Ah!"
"One attack, Akinari, I need you to come home right away!"
"I don't have the medicine on me. (Pain call)"
("Telephone")
(Woman) "Mr. Akinari, you have a call."
"What? Kidnapped?"
And he has made it appear that he was the victim.
Naturally, there is also a proof....
You will find in the window of the studio...
"The same type of machine oil that's all over the factory floor."
"This will prove that you went out and that you came in through the window."
"The handkerchief you used to wipe off the oil stains.
"It must be in the study."
"And, above all, the footprints you have left outside...
"When he went in and out of the studio."
It takes about an hour to get to and from inside his house.
So it's possible to commit the crime between 10:00 and 11:00,
the time he was allegedly working in the studio.
It could be.
But he need not have been the perpetrator himself.
He may have had that Hirano he rented taken care of.
That man surely didn't know that he was helping him to make a kidnapping.
(Takagi) "He helped without knowing anything?"
"The Akinari asked Hirano for 2 things."
"Call me at 11 o'clock and go get a suitcase at Beika Park."
"You'd better not even know who I am or what's inside the suitcase."
"Because if he explained his plan to her, in Hirano she could blackmail him."
"And since he knew his wife wouldn't be at home, he would carry the plan today."
"What? That they kidnapped the father?"
(Flow) "And the ransom.... In Beika Park..."
Put another way, the man was doing comedy!
(Kogoro voice) "Yes."
"And if in Hirano had not had the accident,
"I would have gotten the money back and the plan would have worked"
without the police showing up anywhere....
All he had to do was pretend to be worried and wait.
Exactly..., but you were wrong about the motive, Mr. Mouri.
It's true that he hated it.
I wanted him to disappear.
But that's not all.
I wanted to demonstrate...
to my wife the efforts... I had made to raise the money.
I thought that if she saw it,
she would... love me again, that's all.
(Mobile)
Ah... It's me, Mitsuko!
I'm so happy.
Father has saved my life.
I'm so happy!
When he regains consciousness I'll tell him
how desperately you've been around to collect the money!
Then he will stop venting his anger against you expressly.
Yes, I am sure.
Expressly?
The father made it seem that he detested you
because he wanted to make of you an heir that was up to his standards.
"He likes you very much, father."
"He says, 'I don't know anyone as diligent as he is."
I was behaving like him.
But I didn't want to.
Do you feel me?
Forgive me... Are you sorry, Akinari?
You're sorry?
Answer me...
"Are you sorry, Akinari? Akinari!"
"Those who are not frightened by the wrath of the gods,
"With hands full of stones,
"They will teach proverbs of former times."
(He thinks) "And then, 'with hands full of stones..."
"With their hands full of stones?"
"Their hands full... with great joy!"
And the next Conan: "The great adventure in the eccentric mansion. The raid."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

