Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
A great adventure in the mansion of montages!
A few montages that can even take your life!
To leave with a nose like a sore thumb that believer!
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is the detective Conan!
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"I found out the cell phone number of the head of the men in black.
"From the song 'Seven little crows'!"
"But I decided not to go any further
"Until the Haibara explained something to me."
"Simultaneously, the others found a strange urn."
"And there they found a code that had a connection with a great joy.
"And the lifeless body of a person next to it!"
(Think) "With his hands covered with stones"?
Hey, Conan, what's up?
Tell us what comes next!
(He thinks) "His hands...
"Filled... with great joy!"
"No doubt about it!"
THE GREAT ADVENTURE IN THE ECCENTRIC MANSION (THE MONTAGES)
Now I get it!
I guess this is the beginning of the duel of a diamond
that is to cut another.
What do you mean?
It's from a Belgian proverb.
To cut a very hard diamond you must use another one, right?
It's a way of defining
the beginning of a quiet but merciless struggle
between the wise and the strong men.
But who will fight against whom?
Zote...
Neither he nor I are so important that they have to tell us diamonds.
He is only a thief who enjoys hiding the truth under a veil.
And I'm just a detective who can't wait to lift this veil...
And so?
Who is that thief, then?
Are you talking about the companion of the man we found drowned on the raft?
-What fear...
No, he's a presumptuous thief...
who only goes after large precious stones.
He calls himself Kaito Kid.
(At the same time) -In Kaito Kid?
-In...?
Yes...
-I've heard of it!
-Esmunyedís and... and bold!
The chivalrous thief!
The doctor explained to me... his little stories, you know?
Our little stories?
He's left you on the edge of your seat a few times.
No, he hasn't left me high and dry!
He hasn't stolen any treasure from me...
And... and the Kaito Kid is here?
This is only a possibility...
On the notepad, the man said something:
"I'll be able to get rid of that thief
"Who boasts of being a genius."
The thief he's referring to must be in Kaito Kid.
So, are you saying that in Kaito Kid...?
-A man has died?
I don't know..., I don't know.
From the rumors I've heard, no one has died...
In Kaito Kid or the person who has died this man must be around here.
Yes, you are right.
It's very likely to be inside this mansion.
Well, it's started to rain.
Why don't we go inside the mansion... and get out of the rain?
That way...
How about it, huh?
-Start right away?
-Search for treasure.
We'll stay until the doctor calls the police and they get here.
(At the same time) Hurray!
(Mitsuhiko) But, when it comes to the moment of truth,
you find it sinister, this mansion.
(Genta) Are you sure the treasure is here?
(Mitsuhiko) Surely, it's nearby.
(Thinking) "In fact, it left me a little worried before."
"There were fresh mud marks on the wall and on the floor."
"This happens all around the mansion. What should make it?"
(Genta) Hey, Conan!
Tell us the meaning of the letters again!
The meaning of the text engraved inside the stone urn!
Ah, it...
The god of the force is not here, is it?
Let's see, it was...: "The tocom where the Gods reside is to be seen in the sun,
"In the place of noise and traffic

"Where the elders of wisdom gather in adunança."
"There is where the stone of the gods remains."
"Those who are not frightened by the wrath of the gods.
"With their hands revessegades of stones,
"They will teach proverbs of former times. Samizu Kichiemon."
In short, the gods sleep in the place closest to the sun...
and where the elders gather, a place full of movement.
That is where the stone of the gods, i.e. the diamond, is hidden!
But the question is the words that come next....
Yes, it is true.
In Conan has made a half-hearted interpretation of that fragment.
Those who do not know the wrath of the gods will have the stones
that fill their hands
and learn proverbs of times past.
Mmmm... And what does this mean?
That the god will be angry all the same.
Yes...
And the sacred stone seed which had the word "flame" engraved on it
and that was hidden on the edge of the corpse's pants.
I don't know what the hell it has to do with this code...
Don't be impatient.
Au, let's go inside right away!
There's something else written on that man's notepad, isn't there?
Yes, but now it's wet;
we'll have to wait until it dries.
Otherwise we'll tear it and it will be illegible.
But we don't have all day!
Ep, Genta!
Genta!
We must be very careful!
The mansion, he built it in Kichiemon,
the master of mechanical puppets!
Yeah... The diamond is the closest place to the sun, right?
I'm sure it's hidden in the highest part of the house!
Anyway, we'll climb to the top of it all!
Hey, hey, hey!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Wait, wait, wait!
If one goes little by little nothing will happen.
(Timbers: creak)
Aaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
Help me, please..., I'm falling!
Genta!
Genta!
Ge... Genta!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Thank you very much.
-About a little...
-What are you doing here..., children?
Genta, are you all right?
You're looking for Kichiemon's treasure too, aren't you?
Eh?
No...
See, so much for that.
You'd better be careful.
This ladder is a trap.
If you want to go up, you must go a little further into the house.
Kichiemon, puppet master, is very difficult to handle.
If you move trusting only what you see you will take wrong.
By the way, guys, who found a strange stone?
No, we have not found it!
Ah, this stone that says...
Really?
Tell me when you find it, okay?
Hey, Conan...
Yes, so much!
Why are you lying?
He seems like a good person and he saved Genta...
This doesn't mean he's a good person.
Maybe he's playing nice to take the sacred stone seed.
Yes... And if he is a Kaito Kid, it's even worse.
He could even be the person who killed the man we found.
But we will be safer if we stay close to him,
because he knows the traps of this mansion very well.
And it is better to prevent him from fleeing before the police arrive.
Conan, Dr. Agasa, you must have already contacted the police?
E... listen doctor, what is much further this ruinous?
Let's see... He-he-he-he-he... In front it looks all black...
-In which direction should we go?
-What?
Please, man...
Oh, they are tents!
There are so many of them!
There's a stream inside the mansion.
Like a fancy Japanese restaurant!
I don't know if it connects to the raft outside...
Look..., there's even a bridge!
Mm?
All in order.
Eh?
A trap!
This time we won't fall into the trap!
No, it..;
it looks like a trap, but it's actually...
(At the same time) Ooooh!
It's like an elevator!
(Ayumi) Conan!
Yes.
Hurry up, you have to go up!
If we try to go up, we'll stop at the bottom.
And if we try to go down, we'll go up, right?
Once you understand the trick, it's very easy.
He-he-he-he-he-he!
It was very easy, wasn't it?
-(Woman) Here we are.
(Woman) Shrike.
If it were that easy, we wouldn't have so much trouble finding it.
Don't you think..., treasure hunter with children?
These children don't come with me.
And don't use knives when there are children around.
Maybe if you take a good look at the tip of the knife...
A poisonous spider!

It seems that in Kichiemon, besides being difficult, it was very mean.
If you want to go to the top, this is the way.
Eh..., she could be in Kaito Kid?
-But wasn't she a boy in Kaito Kid?
-She also disguises herself as a woman, if necessary?
Very good, children.
Now you must be very alert.
The spider though could be anywhere.
-Auxiliii!
-What?
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
Wait a moment!
Conan, come with us, the poisonous spider will bite you!
Yes, I'm coming!
(Genta) Look!
Looks like I've reached the top!
-Does that mean it's on the roof?
-But there's nothing here!
Hey, look, to climb to the top of the roof....
(thinks) "That's strange. How come there are no big columns?"
Ah, it's here!
A staircase!
"If there were big columns to the floors below..."
(Thinking) "Very good!
We'll be the first to get up there!
(Think) "Wait. If it turned out to be empty..."
Stop it!
It's a trap!
(All) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Think) "Damn it!"
"Genta, Mitsuhiko, Ayumi, Haibara!"
(Man) Hey, is that okay?
I'll throw you a rope right now!
Remember what we said.
If you look up, you'll fall down...
Wow, what a pain!
Yes...
Guys, are you okay?
Yes...
We were able to fall down without getting hurt, but we're at the bottom, right?
We had to get to the top of everything.
I checked the roof and there was nothing.
Really?
-Surely, it was a good idea to get all the way down here.
Ouch, that's too bad...
Eh?
What's that?
Aaaaaaah!
Skulls!
Hey, Conan!
This place is full of skulls!
What's that?
From the kind of clothes they're wearing, they must all be treasure hunters.
Even a big man like this...
I'm not a big man.
I'm an old woman...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah... How well I slept.
-She's alive!
-Huh?
Does this mean you're our rival too, Grandma?
You're a treasure hunter too, aren't you?
I'm not here to hang out,
I'm here to pay my respects to a grave.
Yes, at Kichiemon's tomb.
A tomb?
The tomb of Samizu Kichiemon?
Samizu Kichiemon's tomb, you say?
This time I'm sure I'll be the first!
With this parsimony of yours,
the children will find the treasure before you.
"You, lost ones, offer me sacred treasures. Samizu Kichiemon."
Hey, Grandma.
You mean this isn't a code?
Do you really think so?
I thought it was simply Kichiemon's tomb...
(Mitsuhkiko) But what does it mean?
Is it asking for some kind of offering?
But we don't have any flowers or food!
(Thinking) "Come to think of it,
"what the drowned man had in the pond...
"was a sacred stone seed..."
Excuse me, sir!
You asked me if we had found a strange stone, didn't you?
This means that you have a strange stone, right?
What?
It so happens that we have found one before.
One of the traditional sacred stone treasures.
-Didn't you say we'd keep it a secret?
-Hey, wait, Conan!
What was written on it?
There was also something engraved on the stone you found, wasn't there?
So you've found another one!
Didn't you?
Eh... No.
Caram, under the circumstances,
I don't think that... withholding information is in anyone's best interest.
Yeah, he's right.
If you don't want to be left out, show us what you have.
Coi!
Okay, um...
The thing is, I found... this mirror made of stone.
One of the words that make up the word "eternity" is engraved on it.
So it has to do with the sun.
So that the sun shines eternally!
This means that the sacred seed that you have...
had the word "flame" engraved on it?
Yes.
You hit the nail on the head, miss.
But it's not at all clear to me... What do eternity and flame mean?
If we fit these objects somewhere in the tomb,
maybe the stone of the god would come out, that diamond, don't you think?
What makes you think that?
I think so because inside the stone urn...
it had engraved that the diamond would be in a place very traveled

where older people used to gather.
This is the busy place where older people gather?
Yes, because... Mmmm, as I was saying?
"The tocom where the..."
"The tocom where the Gods reside is to see the sun,
"In the place of noise and traffic
"Where the elders of wisdom gather in adunança."
"That is where the stone of the gods remains."
I suppose you interpret the part that says.
"In the place of noise and traffic
"Where the elders of wisdom gather in adunança."
as if it were this pile of dead bodies...
Yes...
But those are the reckless ones who have let themselves be carried away by greed
and have become corrupted, unable to find their way out of here.
When Kichiemon built the mansion, none of them were here.
-Yes, that's true....
You also saw the stone lampposts, grandmother?
Yes.
But they weren't sunk in the pond...
Be that as it may, it seems that the treasure is not here.
And it seems... that there's no place in the tomb
where those stone objects can be inserted.
I guess we'll have to find another sacred treasure to solve it.
The other treasure?
They call it "The three sacred treasures".
If we've found the sacred mirror and the sacred seed,
there must be another one.
The three treasures?
Yes, the mirror is the mirror of Yata;
the sacred seed is the Magatama of Yasakani.
And the last remaining one is the treasure,
which in ancient times was saved by the god Takeru Yamato,
who was in danger, in a field where a fire had broken out,
which cut down all the grass that was there:
Kusanagi's... sacred sword!
(At the same time) What?
The sword of Kusanagi?
Marrec!
(Thinking) "You, lost ones, offer me sacred treasures..."
The water will sweep us to the bottom of the valley!
And the next Conan:
"The great adventure in the eccentric mansion. The solution!"
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

