Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
Finally, the treasure of the god of strength is found!
Who will get it, the Kaito Kid or the Detective League?
He looks like a kid but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"We went camping with Dr. Agasa."
"In Genta and the others found a mysterious stone urn."
"There was a coded message there regarding a precious stone."
"And nearby, we found the corpse of a man who had been strangled!"
"Then we entered this mysterious mansion full of traps.
"And there we found two treasure hunters and a strange grandmother."
I guess we'll have to find another sacred treasure to solve it?
The other treasure?
They call it "The three sacred treasures."
If we've found the sacred mirror and the sacred seed,
there must be another one.
The three treasures?
Yes, the mirror is the mirror of Yata;
the sacred seed is the Magatama of Yasakani.
And the last one that remains is the treasure,
which in ancient times was saved by the god Takeru Yamato,
which was in danger, in a field where a fire had broken out,
and to cut the grass that was there:
Kusanagi's... sacred sword!
THE GREAT ADVENTURE IN THE ECCENTRIC MANSION (THE SOLUTION)
Oh, I know what the sword of Kusanagi is!
It is a fantastic sword that appears in many video games!
The sword of... Kusanagi?
If we can see what's engraved on the sword, we'll find out something.
Before we look for the treasure,
maybe we should think about how we can get out of this basement, right?
If what we have to do is to get out of here,
I'm sure that man knows what to do.
Unless you've already been here...
and you had read the epitaph on the tomb,
you shouldn't have hidden the stone mirror you have...
All right, all right, all right.
All right, I'll guide you.
What a big house!
Strange that the basement is so big...
(Water: splashing)
The floor is starting to get wet...
Yes.
Maybe there's water coming out of somewhere.
Oh, it's there!
It's coming out of there!
It looks like it's been dislodged for some reason...
Now that you mention it, there was an earthquake a few days ago...
Because of that, the house has moved and a stream of water has come out from underneath.
As I was saying in Kichiemon,
it's possible that the God of force is furious
and that he wants to tell us to go home...
The notebook of the man we found on the raft is now dry.
It looks like that man was killed by his companion.
"I have allied myself with a very dangerous person."
"I must hide this stone I have found or he will kill me."
"He says he will keep the treasure."
The rest of it, it looks like it's been ripped out and you can't read anything anymore.
Look, Conan, you can't read anything at all.
- (Genta) Oh!
It's unbelievable!
- (rumbling)
It's unbelievable!
Look at that smoke!
Here are hot springs?
Yes.
In Kichiemon surely dug them...
to hide this entrance with the steam.
-That's great!
-Bufa...
What a red hot spring...
Maybe they must have a lot of iron in them.
Hey, kid!
That's not the way out!
Marrec!
(Conan!
What's the matter?
Tell me, do you know?
Is there any problem?
Do you know where Kusanagi's sword came from?
I'm sure you've all heard
of the story of Susano-no-Mikoto, the older brother of Amaterasu-O-Mikami.
"He made a monster drink sake, for getting him drunk and defeating him,
"and thus save the princess Kushinada."
"And the sword that came out of the monster's tail"
was the sword of Ame-no-Murakumo, known as the sword of Kusanagi!
That monster is the one that comes out to the legends?
Yes.
Its eyes were red like those of ogres.

and its stomach was covered with blood.
Although it had only one trunk, it had 8 heads and 8 tails.
Look over there..., this waterfall.
It looks just like this image of the 8-headed dragon!
(Ai) Now I understand.
The waterfall are the dragon's necks
and these puddles coming out are the tails.
Yes.
The sword is in one of the puddles?
According to legend, the sword came out of the middle tail.
Kusanagi's sword should be the end of this puddle of water!
Are you planning to get into this hot water?
-Forget you!
There's nothing in it!
What if you are transported to the deepest part of the valley?
Now that we've come this far, I want to see what we can find.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Uh!
Ayyy!
(Water: gurgling)
-The water level is dropping!
-Something is rising!
(All) Ooooooooooh!
Now we can go through the hole!
Look!
How nice!
Come on, let's go!
Wait, Genta!
Get out of the way!
Wait, madam!
Damn it, damn it!
(Grandmother) I thought so!
So is Kusanagi's sword!
I thought so.
You want to get the treasure, don't you?
What a tricky trap.
When you try to get close to the sword, the weight makes the ground give way...
and all the swords come flying out.
You don't want anyone to get it.
No, he didn't set this trap just to annoy you and that's it.
Let swords come from all four directions...
...and that they snap together in all 4 directions...,
means that they are perfectly synchronized
because they don't collide with each other.
What's more...,
the fact that there is a handle on this sword...
indicates that we have to use it to fetch the sword!
-It's gone to the other side!
-In Conan it's the best!
-What does it say on the sword, say!
-What does it say?
Dragon?
Dragon.
Dragon?
Eternity, flame and dragon...
(Grandmother) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
In Kichiemon is the best!
Surely it means that he will suffer eternal agony
while we burn in the dragon's flames!
So let's forget about thinking about getting the treasure
and go back home!
There may not be any other treasure.
What do you get?
If he has gone as a desperate search for the sword.
(Think) "You lost ones offer me sacred treasures."
"Eternity... Flame... Dragon..."
"Offer me...
"... treasures!"
-Conan!
-Hey, Conan!
Do you think you can come back here?
Caram, you're making a face of satisfaction.
You've found out nothing?
-Really, Conan?
No...
It's the face of a loser who wants us to leave with our tails between our legs.
Are you serious?
Au, Conan, are we really going to leave?
Yes, now that we've found the 3 sacred treasures...
-Now you're going to forget about the diamond?
Yes...
I don't understand what the words engraved on the stone treasures mean:
eternity, flame and dragon.
And neither do I understand the words engraved on the stone urn.
No idea.
So, I'll pass by...
Mmmm... I think I'll examine this mansion a little more thoroughly.
(Mitsuhiko) We finally made it out.
It looks like Dr. Agasa hasn't returned yet.
The doctor?
He had left to bring some police officers here.
(Mitsuhiko) Oh!
This means you can leave this mountain without me.
If you don't want the god of strength to curse you,
you should stop walking around and leave right now!
Let's see, now that all the undesirable people have left,
can you give us a summary?
- (all) What?
-Will you take us to where the treasure is?
Au, Edogawa.
So, you...
(Ayumi) You have deciphered the codes of the messages!
It was very clear to the tomb in the cellar:
"You, lost, offer me sacred treasures. Samizu Kichiemon."
The "me" in "you offer me" refers to in Samizu Kichiemon.
It says that we add the water character of his name....
to the words we have found to the three sacred treasures: llama...
-The word "eternity"... -And "dragon"!
And if we add "samizu", i.e. 3 waters?
The character llama which sounds like the name of the island of Awaji!
It becomes the character swim!
And "dragon", in "waterfall".
Shall we swim in the waterfall of Awaji Island?
To the epitaph on the tomb, it said "you, lost", right?

That was a clue for those who had not been able to decipher the code of the lampposts.
The text on the streetlight said it was the closest place to the sun.
When you put that together with the 3 characters,
you see that the place closest to the sun is Mercury.
The elders are the tents with whiskers.
The place full of movement is the place where the sound of water does not stop.
That is, the stone of the god of strength, the diamond,
is hidden near the waterfall, where there are all of carp swimming.
-The waterfall in the basement!
-Oysters, Conan!
Where there is that 8-headed dragon!
Don't even come close.
It's hot springs.
Mmmm... Such was the stream in the house.
There were carp swimming in there too!
But... there is no waterfall there.
That's right...
Guys, listen carefully.
You feel it, don't you?
(water current)
That sound is leading us to the place...
where the treasure is...
You are right!
It's the first casualty we've seen!
Let's go, let's go!
Eh..., that corpse... it's gone.
Yes, the murderer has hidden it again...
after we entered the mansion.
What are you talking about?
A corpse?
Do you see anything?
It's dark and I can't tell anything until I've dived into the water.
(Girl) Fumuda...
It seems that he had already been here before he has been located, you know?
-When he came up here?
-It's that girl!
Look behind the waterfall.
Behind the waterfall?
(Mitsuhiko) There's some kind of card there!
"Thank you for the stone of the god of strength. Kaito Kid"?
Don't smoke!
-(Mitsuhiko) Are you serious?
-It can't be!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yes, sir, he's the greatest thief of all time!
If the stone has been taken away by the thief who deceives the world,
in Kichiemon could not have asked for more.
Madam, I thought he had gone home.
Ah!
Ah, ah, ah!
-Huh?
What happened?
-Oh!
Mitsuhiko!
Are you all right?
We're getting out of here.
We're leaving.
There doesn't seem to be anything here...
I found something!
It was... hidden in the mud,
but it was a stone that glittered at the bottom of the raft!
It's mine!
Hey, hey, hey!
Stop it!
Don't take it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
"Those who are not frightened by the wrath of the gods,
"With their hands filled with stones,
"They shall teach proverbs of former times..."
"Of former times..."
Be still.
Don't move.
I didn't think it was hidden in the mud...
I haven't searched thoroughly
and I almost overlooked it thanks to that card.
Stand there in a line!
When that man comes out of the water with the treasure,
I'll... I'll make you all soak in the water with it.
At last you have revealed your true identity, Kaito Kid!
-Is it, is it her?
-What?
What?
Me, the Kaito Kid?
Don't be ridiculous, I'm...
Yeah, you don't fool me.
You're the rat who killed his partner to get the treasure.
When that man showed us...
the stone mirror that he had found, you said...
"Oh! This means that the sacred seed that you have...
"I had put the character 'flame'?"
I got it right?
I only said that I had found a sacred stone treasure.
How could you know that what we had was not the sword, but the Magatama?
You knew because you were the one who tore out the page
from the notebook of the man you sunk.
You took the diagram that showed that "flame" was the Magatama!
How did you know what I had written?
Come on, answer me, kid!
Those notes were written with a pencil,
so the tip left a few small marks on the paper.
Well, you're a bit smart, but also reckless, boy....,
to approach the gun sight like that...
Yes... I needed to, to do this.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to shoot the anesthetic accurately.
But we got quite a scare.
And to think that she was in Kaito Kid.
No, Genta, in Kid is...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
The jewel of the god of strength is mine!
We are lost!
Hurry, put the diamond back where it was!
Otherwise the water will sweep us to the bottom of the valley!
Oh!
It's him!
It's that mansion!

(rumbling)
(Mitsuhiko) That diamond triggered this gigantic trap.
He had never had any intention of anyone having his treasure.
Exactly..., at that time, diamonds, because of their extreme hardness, were called "adamas",
because of their extreme hardness, were called "adamas".
They referred to something impossible to make flexible.
With the phrase "he will teach proverbs of former times"...
said that the treasure was never to be had.
When the shogunate government collapsed,
Kichiemon did not want to have his property confiscated.
That was why he had desisted from stealing it after a first attempt, grandmother,
or rather... the great thief of all time!
-In Kaito Kid!
-Look, it's him!
That's right.
Good observation!
The walls of the mansion were being raised
and the basement corridor was...
slightly unhinged where the water was coming out.
Contrary to what the card said,
the jewel had not been stolen.
And in shouting not to take it, everything indicated that the grandmother was in Kaito!
Very good, yes!
Well, I didn't take it because it wasn't what I was looking for.
That's why you were telling us to forget about the treasure and go away!
But you... but you hit me and tried to take the sword!
He did that to save you, Genta.
If I hadn't gone in there and made you see that there was a trap,
you would have been torn to pieces.
So, he waited for us in the cellar...
because we didn't fall into the traps, right?
Well, you turned out to be a kind-hearted thief.
It's an honor to have you shave me like this, miss.
Well, today I'll let you go because you saved my friends from danger.
But know that one day I will reveal...
what your true identity is.
I will take off this cloak you wear and make you show yourself as you are!
I recommend you not to do so.
Pandora opened the box because she did not know what was inside.
Knowing what's inside the treasure box before you open it...
...is too boring.
(Thinks) "Bobo..."
"A detective's job is to know what's in the box before opening it."
- (Mitsuhiko) This!
- (Genta) What do we do now?
As we have returned the jewel, the water level drops.
We'll have to wait for someone to help us.
What happened to Dr. Agasa?
- (they call)
(call out) -Chojala os bien fuerte!
"The victim is the tenant of this apartment,
"Miss Fumie Ozawa, 24 years old."
"She works at a financial institution."
(Think) "In vibrator mode? Home?"
"One of the 2 is the killer."
Wow, what a thing.
Mr. Kogoro, what will this be?
And the next Conan: "One of spicy, one of bitter and one of sweet."
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

