Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
Today's case has a different flavor.
We solve the 3 tastes montage and taste a case solved!
.... has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
Conan, what is it, this sigh?
No, I was just wondering if he's doing well in the Ran tournament.
Yes, of course, of course he's doing well!
He's been training hard for a long time and yesterday he went to sleep early.
I guess so... He-he-he-he.
Hm?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Hey...
It's the owner of the Yuzuki candy store.
This cop is in Kinoshita.
Excuse me, what's the problem?
Ah!
Mr. Mouri, you're just in time.
Mr. Mouri, please listen to me!
(At the same time) Mr. Mouri, I have a problem.
Eh... Wait, one by one, please.
(Thinking) "This gives me a bad feeling."
One of spicy, one of bitter and one of sweet.
(Kogoro) Let's put in order what I've been told.
Mrs. Etsuko, you saw a man running out...
from the 105th floor of the second floor of this building.
This was 2 hours ago.
At 9:00 a.m.
And you, Agent Kinoshita,
you came here because Etsuko reported this incident to you.
Yes, sir.
He found the body of Mrs. Fumie Ozawa, who had rented this apartment,
and thought she had committed suicide.
-Madam...
-It wasn't suicide!
I saw the scene.
There was a suicide note and the apartment was upside down.
But...
Besides, there are no witnesses to the suspect you saw.
But... I'm pretty sure I saw him.
Please tell him l'hi you, too, Mr. Mouri!
Tell him to investigate further!
Please!
What?
Calm down, please...
Has anyone been able to make it look like a suicide?
I've asked forensics and forensics to investigate, but...
Judging by the degree of postmortem rigidity,
the approximate time of death is between 6:00 and 8:00 last night.
If the man the lady saw is the perpetrator of the crime,
he should have been with the corpse for more than 13 hours,
after murdering the victim and preparing the set-up.
And that is impossible.
Talking to you will get us nowhere!
Let Mr. Mouri decide.
Mr. Mouri, tell us what you think!
You're putting me on the spot, madam...
"You don't look very uncomfortable to me."
Agent Kinoshita!
It's the man I've seen!
It's clear to me!
-Oh, don't touch it, that! -But...
-But...
"The victim is the tenant of this apartment, Fumie Ozawa, 24 years old."
"She worked for a financial company."
When I found the deceased, she had a wire around her neck...
which was attached to the base of the shower-phone.
The body was leaning against the wall and sitting up.
She chose a strange place to commit suicide.
Mr. Mouri, look at this, please.
There is a last will written on the computer.
"Chairman Shimizu of the loan department,
"I apologize for the inconvenience I have caused you."
"I will take my own life, I apologize."
The note explains that he had embezzled 30 million of the company's money
and wanted to apologize... by taking his own life.
Embezzlement.
The note is addressed to his superior.
He sent this email yesterday at 3/4 of 6pm.
I think he was supposed to die shortly thereafter.
You!
Stay out of it, kiddo!
(Think) "In vibrator mode? Home?"
It looks like the case will be closed and declared a suicide.
Please, look at the calendar!
She had an appointment with the dentist!
She had an appointment with the dentist! Huh?
The calendar?
It's true, it says she had an appointment with the dentist today.
But..., it's not bad;
you have very good eyesight.
Have you been able to read these letters from so far away?

Yes..., yes..., I have good eyesight.
A suicide planned to the point of having a wire prepared?
Would a person like this make an appointment at the dentist today?
Hey!
Agent Kinoshita, this may not be a case of suicide!
Wait a minute, then, the man... in the photograph died, didn't he?
I still can't answer this...
Kinoshita, was this apartment closed or was it open when you arrived?
When I arrived, the door was open.
-That means that he would have committed suicide without having the door closed.
A person who wants to kill himself would not let them find it while taking his own life.
The photo of the hallway was taken from this album.
Look at something, Kogoro!
Hey!
It seems that this gentleman had been intimate with the victim,
but there's no suicide note addressed to him.
Wow, what a thing.
You know what?
I wonder what this is.
Huh? (chuckles)
There's some kind of white powder here.
It doesn't make any smell and it's dry.
But I think this powder is edible.
Hm... I think this is corn starch.
What use is it, outside of cooking?
Well... it's made into Japanese sweets.
Rice cakes filled with red bean are coated.
(Sato) Inspector, the money that Miss Ozawa managed,
30 million yen, has disappeared.
And Mr. Shimizu, her head, had a party today.
This means he doesn't know that Miss Ozawa committed suicide.
And we have also discovered something unexpected.
The man who loads the cooler into the car
is the recipient of the email you sent.
His head was your partner?
Mr. Shimizu.
No one in the company knew they were dating.
And on the other hand, we are aware that this man, in Shimizu,
was very fond of making bets and investments with a lot of money.
Inspector, don't you think that's pretty suspicious?
(Boy) Excuse me, Inspector.
(Boy) Oh!
That's him!
It's the person who's come out of this room!
-What on earth are you talking about?
-Tell the truth!
And forgive me for being rude, but who are you?
Calm down and don't hinder the investigation.
-It's Mr. Shimizu.
-It's you!
Confess!
I asked him to come.
Let's get down to business.
Did you know that Miss Ozawa, who worked under you,
had embezzled 30 million yen?
No, the police inspector informed me.
I was very surprised.
Weren't you in a relationship with Miss Ozawa?
If so, I should have discussed this matter with you.
We were not dating!
You mean because of the photograph you have?
She told me she would like to go fishing and took it.
Where were you, this morning shortly after 9 o'clock?
What do you mean by this?
A person has seen you leaving this apartment.
-Don't do comedy, you bastard!
-Who saw me?
I saw you, with these eyes!
You bet!
Look, Mr. Shimizu, I'll make myself clear:
didn't you come this morning at 9 o'clock and murder Miss Ozawa?
Are you insinuating that I'm going to use her to embezzle money and that I killed him?
This is absurd.
After sucking up all the honey, he got rid of her,
and then obviously... you...
Wait a minute, I didn't do it!
I had an alumni reunion from elementary school
and yesterday I went to Hiroshima.
Around 9 o'clock,
I was at the airport to catch the plane to Haneda.
This is the ticket receipt.
So where was it last night from 6 o'clock until 8 o'clock?
It was in the middle of the meeting.
The card of the person who ran it.
Yes... of course.
Can I keep it?
Yes, sir!
Go check it out!
"Mr. Shimizu has an alibi."
"But Mrs. Etsuko insists she's seen her..."
"If this isn't a case of suicide..."
(Inaudible)
(Door, open)
How did it go?
What that man said was a lie, wasn't it?
What Mr. Shimizu said is true.
I checked with the party manager and the airline.
Well...
Mrs. Etsuko must have taken someone else for Mr. Shimizu.
But Mrs. Etsuko has very good eyesight, doesn't she?
She read the words on the calendar from far away!
So what did she want?
Charge Mr. Shimizu with murder?
Why is that?

I don't understand anything!
Sato, do you have any idea where the hori has gone?
Now interrogate a messenger because he seems to have seen something.
All right, since you've already checked my alibi,
I'll start going home.
No!
He can't leave!
Don't let him go!
-Calm down, Mrs. Etsuko.
-He's a murderer!
What a woman.
You have something against me, maybe?
Let's see, do you have any proof that I'm the murderer?
Yes, I do, sir!
I've known Fumie since she was a child.
To her, I... was like a mother, and she explained everything to me.
She told me she was dating a person named Shimizu.
And she confessed to me that she embezzled money at your direction.
What a thing to say.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
That tickles...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Stop the phone!
(Mobile: zzz!)
The vibrator on the phone always tickles me.
Yes, it's me, in Mouri...
What I asked... to the coroner?
He had no anomaly in the teeth?
Are you talking about Fumie Ozawa?
But I had made an appointment with the dentist...
No, man, thank you very much.
She had nothing and made an appointment with the dentist!
Just a moment.
Maybe I'm just butting in where I'm not wanted,
but the handwriting on this calendar doesn't belong to Fumie.
I'm her head and I'm used to seeing her handwriting.
We won't be able to tell anything until we get it tested,
but it does look different.
So who wrote it, this calendar thing?
This woman is the first person to find the body, right?
Yes!
Now I get it!
It's not unusual, that the one who finds the body is the murderer.
It would be a pity if Etsuko was, but...
What do you mean by that?
Mrs. Etsuko wanted Mr. Shimizu to look like the murderer.
She set everything up
so that it would have the effect that Fumie had with the dentist.
She took the photo out of the album and put it in the foyer for us to see.
Ma'am, would you mind writing the word "dentist"?
It's this woman here.
Are you absolutely sure?
Yes, I am.
She hid them here.
What's this?
Inspector!
Hm... Hm... What?
Mrs. Etsuko, you came in here a little after 9 o'clock, didn't you?
No.
A messenger saw you leaving this floor.
Besides, he seemed to be in...
"In a big hurry and ran into him."
"Here's 5 million yen."
Can you tell me where this money came from..,
and why you hid it in the gas meter box?
I took the money from my house.
I hid it because when I went to report the death to the police... I didn't want to get caught... I didn't want to get caught.
I didn't want them to fall and I left them there.
Well, then, you have entered this apartment!
No, I didn't!
You murdered him and tried to make me look like the murderer.
What the hell are you talking about?!
Mr. Mouri, please, don't believe your lies!
-Well..., I don't know what to tell you....
(He thinks) "This can't be right. One of us is a fake."
"That's what Fumie has murdered."
"What is this? A fish scale?"
"What the hell is it doing, this here?"
"Sure!"
"I get it! That's what it was all about!"
I'm the person who wrote it and left the photograph here.
(Kogoro) Did you do it to make Mr. Shimizu guilty?
-No.
I did it to get Mr. Shimizu, who is the murderer, arrested.
I came this morning.
I was going to accompany Fumie because she told me she would turn herself in.
"I brought some money
"Because I thought that if I returned an amount
"it would make the crime not seem so serious."
"I have learned..."
that Mr. Shimizu is the culprit because of how I found Fumie.
She wanted to confess everything to the police.
But in this room, there was no indication...
to indicate that Mr. Shimizu had done anything.
That's why she put the photograph in the foyer and wrote that.
The murderer is Mr. Shimizu!
But this is his side of the story,
and we can't believe it 100%.
After all, he has an alibi.
I'd like to know where he got the hefty sum of $5 million.
Would you mind coming to the police station with us?
(Door, open)
Mr. Mouri, thank you for waiting.

Mr. Inoue, who works in the ice store.
What are you talking about?
-As you had suspected, they did bring ice.
Listen, Sato and hori,
take him to the police station so we can take his statement, quickly.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.... Oooooh...
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, please wait.
Hm?
What's the matter?
Oh!
Mouri!
You've already started!
Release that person right now.
The person who needs to go to the police station is you, Mr. Shimizu!
Why do I have to go to the police station?!
Mr. Inoue, when did you buy the ice, this man?
Yesterday at noon.
He came to buy 4 blocks of ice.
A total of 15 kg.
I remember him because he was carrying a pretty big cooler.
I get it.
I get it.
In this day and age,
how long does it take for ice to melt and disappear?
At room temperature, about half a day.
Thank you for taking the trouble to come all this way.
-Thank you very much.
-They don't deserve it, sir.
Inspector, there's a fish scale in the bathtub drain.
Untie the wire from where it is and take me and the flake.
A fish scale in the bathtub?
Mr. Shimizu, yesterday at noon,
he put Miss Ozawa to sleep with sleeping pills
and took her to the bath.
"He sat her on the seat you had assembled with ice blocks,
"left the bathtub uncovered and left."
"As the ice melted, the seat was lowered...
"And the wire squeezed his neck."
"Between 6:00 and 8:00 p.m.
"It's likely that half the ice had melted."
"This morning, when the Etsuko found him," he said,
"The ice had already melted and the tub was dry."
The flake was stuck to the ice in the cooler where it carried the ice.
But does this prove that I murdered her?
Ms. Ozawa emailed me at 3/4 of 6.
How can it be, that someone who sleeps with a wire around her neck?
can send a suicide note?
Conan, do you mind, putting her cell phone on the empty shelf?
Make it stick out a little.
(Conan voice) Yes!
(Kogoro voice) The phone is on vibrate mode.
Inspector Sato, please call Miss Ozawa's cell phone.
Yes, sir!
(Zzz!)
If you look at the incoming call history,
you will notice that you received a call shortly before 3/4 of 6.
No, no, but I didn't.... It was to Hiroshima.
How stubborn you are, you!
Inspector Sato, please look carefully at the wire.
You will see that there are some hairs stuck to it.
Do you see any hairs besides Miss Ozawa's that are dyed?
Yes, you are right.
There seems to be a shorter black hair.
Mr. Shimizu, when you were wearing Miss Ozawa,
"Your hair got tangled with hers."
But you didn't notice it happened.
Mr. Shimizu, it's obvious that by analyzing it...
it will be seen whose hair that is.
I'm sorry.
She told me she couldn't go on like that...
that she was going to turn herself in to the police, that's why I...
You've had too much honey,
but from now on you're going to have to
to swallow a mouthful as bitter as gall.
Oh, that was really fantastic!
Mr. Mouri, Inspector Megre explained it to me.
He told me that you were planning
to make Mr. Shimizu feel like he was in his glory
before giving him the laceration.
There is salt, to give the sweetness all the fullness.
Do you want me to bring you some salt, too?
(doorbell)
(Ding-dong)
"Yes it's calling for a while."
It was that case 12 years ago!
"There was a crime quite similar to this one, 12 years ago!"
It's from Ran!
This means...!
"No, please don't tell me.... I'm screwed!"
And the next Conan: "The request of a strange family, (1st part)".
Kidzukeba natsukashii
Kawara ni kite mitará.
Kinou mita yume no tsudzuki
Souzou shite'tari.
Ano hay shounen no kimi ga otonabite Miete,
sayonara mo iezu kasa ni kabureta surechigai Moshimo nante
koto wo toki ni wasurezaki.
Ai da Toka koi da nante
Kawara yuku mono ya Naku
tada kimi wo suki Sonna Fuu ni Zutter su omorettu you na!
Ate no nai Omois kakae tada hito wa furikaeru mono
meguriaeta keshiki wo sotto kienu you ni... todomete yuku!

