Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
A cell phone full of secrets.
There are montages everywhere: both to messages and conversations.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
(Someone types in a telephone: pip-pip)
(Thinks) "I know it's dangerous. That I shouldn't send this."
"Maybe I should take it easy."
"I might have a chance to get in touch with the head."
"Soon, I'm sure..."
Hey, Conan?
Ah.
You're in your pajamas, though?
I told you to hurry up and change because we had to go out.
Come on, leave the cell phone alone!
All right..., all right.
What a mug.
Ah, it's true!
"I had to send a message to Shinichi before we left."
"Lest he show up while we're out."
"We're accompanying the father on a case."
"If we run into a complicated one I'll call you for advice."
"Thanks."
(Zzz!)
"Huh? Conan's cell phone is ringing."
"Oh, he got a message!"
"Don't tell me what I just sent?"
"It can't be. I sent my to Shinichi's number..."
"But, for being a coincidence, I think it would be too much of a coincidence..."
THE REQUEST OF A STRANGE FAMILY
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
No, I haven't, really!
Did you read what it said?
You received a message.
I was wondering who it was from.
I'm sure it's from the doctor!
Yes.
I thought so!
I asked him to repair my League transmitter...
"It's Ran's! This means... Please don't tell me..."
"Don't tell me that... I'm screwed! I'm screwed!"
Give me a break.
Why the hell are you following me around?
Your client said to come with his family, right?
Besides, maybe some idea will come back to us that will be useful to you.
Yes, that's right...
Oi, Ran?
With deductions as good as those of a detective we already know...
"Those nerves I had..."
"That message he received is very suspicious."
"Surely, Shinichi must be taking measures...
"Because the messages I send him are not seen by anyone on the sly."
"He told me he couldn't give me his phone number...
"Because he was busy."
"But he gave it to Conan!"
"If he's been in contact with him, Conan's deductions...
"And the fact that he knows so many things about me, it would all make sense."
"Coi of Shinichi, he's taking advantage of a child!"
"This one I won't forgive him for!"
(Kogoro) Ah, the cell phone?
Yes, I'd like you to find it.
If possible, today...
If not, I won't be able to... I won't be able to live in this house anymore.
Oh, and... and how is this?
Well, it just so happens that...
What?!
You're getting a message from your lover tonight?!
-Eh... -Xxxxt!
Xxxxt!
-Xxxxt!
"It's you, who should shut up..."
I'm worried that my jealous husband....
"My narrow-minded father-in-law or my loud-mouthed brothers...
"See this message."
Why are you telling your mistress not to send you the message?
"Well..., he's always the one calling me....
"And his number is always listed as 'unknown'."
"He has a habit of texting me on the weekends,"
"But he rarely looks at the messages I send him."
There's no way to get in touch with him.
Wow, what a selfish man.
But you get the picture!
There are selfish people like that in everything!
Are you sure about that?
Right, Conan...?
Tell me, where and when did you lose him?
Well, I don't know.
I realized the night before yesterday...
But I'm pretty sure he's got it from someone in this house.

What do you mean by this?
"I called my cell phone
"when I realized I'd lost it."
"After 10 rings, someone picked up the call,
"but said nothing and hung up."
"I felt my father-in-law play the bamboo flute awkwardly."
-Hey, it was that sound.
- (flute: low sound)
Yes, yes, it's horrible.
Besides, he only plays the flute in his room.
And for this sound to be felt over the phone means that...
the phone must be somewhere in this house.
I've tried calling several times, but they haven't answered.
Why don't you get the family together and...?
Yes, of course, I've already asked everyone,
but they all said they didn't know anything.
He must be waiting to embarrass me!
You'll want to throw me out.
If I got divorced, who knows what kind of compensation they'd demand from me?
Why don't you ask the phone company to cancel your subscription?
"I still couldn't delete the messages he sent me."
I always leave it blocked in case someone does the peeping tom thing.
And if I deactivated the phone now, it would be more suspicious.
Ah... But how the heck are we supposed to look for him?
(Male) You were Tomoko's friend when you were in high school.
(Man) Yes, sir!
My name is Mouri... Excuse me, Goro Mori, sir...
A new house will be built in Mori,
and I wanted to see this house that you had designed.
Oh, I get it, I get it, I get it.
Please pretend you're in your house and see a-la with pleasure.
"That's why he asked you to come with the family."
Listen to a bamboo flute piece.
No, don't bother... Do you recognize the melody from your cell phone?
Yes, yes, of course I do, but maybe it's on vibrate mode.
Yes...
All right, call, Ran...
("Zzz!")
At this age, you have to go to the bathroom so often that it's annoying.
Of course...
Excuse me for a moment.
Don't tell me that the father...
I don't think so, so that whoever it was who took the call hung up.
But... he doesn't strike me as such a narrow-minded person.
Despite appearances, it's all scary....
Even that incident...12 years ago,
took place because of the father.
An incident... 12 years ago, you say?
Eh?
So much so, whatever.
Let's look somewhere else?
(Boy) Oh!
Is he a classmate of yours?
He was a boy you had, maybe?
Well, the truth is...
Oh, how exciting, you write novels?
Well, yes, I do.
Although I'm not well known, but...
in three years you won't stop feeling my name.
Shigehide Kariya.
You write novels about pure love?
So it was true that your novel was going to be depicted
in a TV series!
What a surprise!
Yes, it is...
I thought you were older.
Wow, they're going to make a series based on your novel?
(Flow) Ran, make the call.
(Mobile: zzz!)
(Zzz!)
Come on, it's from the publisher!
Yes, you say?
And now?
It seems it's not him.
He hung up right away.
What is it?
That we meet now?
Now I understand.
So we meet at the family restaurant across from the station.
That's nothing, with the coincidences...
The one before and now the phone call.
Yes, it often happens that there are coincidences.
They call it "coincidences" because they are things that don't happen very often.
Yes..., it's true.
If this is the kind of investigation you want us to do,
I could get a cell phone and try to call you.
You're telling me to go and get another cell phone?
I don't have that kind of money.
And I've hired a private detective instead of asking friends for help
because I want to protect my privacy.
So, your husband is an illustrator.
-But he doesn't seem to be around right now.
-Yes...
If it's not here, it's our chance.
You see?
Coincidences don't just repeat themselves.
This picture looks familiar...
Ah.
A time when Kariya's paintings were all the rage.
Are you familiar with my work?
Who are you?
Ah, dear, he is...
Oh, you're in Tsugutaka Kariya?
I thought you would be younger.
If we were to set an example,
young people's paintings are like SMS messages,
while mine are like letters.
(Doorbell)
You must be a guest.
I'm sure it's the editor coming to pressure me to finish the job.

(Ding-dong)
"Yes, it's getting spicy."
(Ding-dong)
(Ding-dong)
Isn't he a guest?
Well, we opened up, but there was no one there.
Ah... (Ding-dong) These things, they happen often?
Sometimes they do happen.
Mrs. Kariya says it must be a mischief of some child.
What are we going to do now?
We have nowhere else to look.
Mr. Mouri, don't worry.
I finally found my phone.
-I'm very grateful for everything.
-What?
I'll pay you your fee without fail.
(Kogoro) Now that's an idiotic case.
Yes, there are people who cheat others behind their backs.
It's really stupid.
Uh... can I sleep over at the doctor's house tonight?
Ah... No, you can't!
Do you want to play again?
I want to talk about a lot of things with you tonight, Conan.
Then, could we stop by for a second?
It's just that I had my transmitter fixed...
(Agasa) Hello, Shinichi!
How come you're coming at this hour?
What do you want me to tell you?
I'm in a mess.
The Ran has...
(TV) "At 7 o'clock in the evening,
"A lifeless body was found in a car on the banks of the Teima River."
"The deceased is Tomoko Kariya, 39 years old...,"
"A housewife who lived in Haido City."
"The police have concluded that it is a murder."
Eh?
How is it?
(Takagi) The victim is Tomoko Kariya.
According to the coroner, she was stabbed in the stomach...
and then hit her in the head with a blunt object.
She was stabbed and then beaten?
And there is more than one culprit because it is unnatural to think...
that the culprit has stabbed one person
and then used another weapon.
"We had a case similar to this, some time ago."
We didn't find his bag or money;
it could be a robbery.
(Kogoro) We can't be so sure, Investigator Takagi.
(Kogoro) Eh?
Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro) Just a moment.
This is police work!
I'd rather pedestrians stay out of it.
No, no, inspector!
I am no stranger to this case!
This woman hired me to work for her.
(Woman) What?
(Woman) What?
That Mrs. Kariya was having an extramarital affair?
Unfortunately, it seems to be true...
So, she was murdered by her lover?
No, we don't know yet...
Can you think of who that person might be?
Today, a suspicious man with a moustache came in with a child.
Yes.
I think his name was Goro Mori.
Goro Mori?
Ah... Excuse me, he was...
Ah!
It's this man!
-Aaaah!
-How dare you do it?
You're wrong, madam...
Oh!
Kogoro Mouri, that famous detective?
Yes, sir.
This morning I couldn't reveal my identity...
Have they already arrested the person who murdered Tomoko?
No, not yet...
Excuse me, where were you at 2/4 of 8 in the afternoon?
Eh, me?
I've been here the whole time.
Oi, Mrs. Nakamura?
Yes, sir.
You've been playing the bamboo flute.
"From 7 o'clock, when you arrived, until 8 o'clock."
"He only stopped playing at 2/4 of 8, when I served him dinner."
"No!"
"Have you seen her at that time?"
"When he plays the flute I leave dinner out so as not to interrupt him."
"But you must have smelled the aroma of curry through the door."
(Man) "It's been a long time since I've had curry for dinner!"
Eh?
At 2/4 of 8?
Yes, I was here.
I came back after finishing the meeting at 6 and didn't move.
I was with work.
Any of them can confirm it.
Yes, it's true.
Is this true?
Since 2/4 of 7, when the lights came on,
we saw Mr. Shigehide's silhouette reflected in the door.
"When I brought him dinner, I also saw him."
This means that you have not seen him in person.
No, because I've been told not to come in when he's working.
-By the way, is it true?
Is it true that Tomoko is dead?
Yes, that's why we are investigating the case.
Then hurry up and leave soon.
Since you have arrived,
between the times you've called me and the slides,
I haven't been able to concentrate.
What do you get?
This is no way to talk.
This means that the only thing we have left to interrogate here

is Mrs. Tomoko's husband.
Eh?
Your dinner is still out...
Mr. Tsugutaka, please answer me something.
You don't answer me anything, inspector.
What's the matter?
Even if you ask me if I have any clues,
I can't answer you anything if I have no clue...
He didn't talk much to the woman.
It seems she hasn't touched her dinner.
Is he unwell?
No, I was concentrating on work and forgot about dinner.
You didn't talk to him when you brought him his dinner?
No, as a matter of fact...
-But I'm convinced he was here.
I smelled the sweet scent of the pipe...
Stop it.
Have you finished?
Well, go on then.
(Think) "They've murdered his wife and he's still at work."
Those three have an alibi.
And even if they were at top speed,
it would have taken them 20 minutes here at the crime scene.
Therefore, the most suspicious would be his mistress, right?
What if we tried our luck among friends?
But we don't know who she is or where she's from.
(Phone)
Yes?
Yes..., Kariya's house.
There's a call for Mrs. Kariya.
(Man) "Hey! Aphan s and tell Tomoko to put it on!"
"Tell her to answer my message."
This is the police speaking.
What is your relationship with Mrs. Kariya?
Yes, yes... Yes, yes, yes...
Yes.
Ah... She's innocent.
Looks like he's been to a pub in Hokkaido all along.
She called him out of a fit of rage,
because she hasn't answered his messages
and didn't answer when he called her.
So he did not know the facts.
It only takes 1 or 2 hours to get to Hokkaido by plane;
if he had left after committing the crime...
"No, there are colleagues of his who say they started drinking at 8 o'clock."
Who could have the death?
It is strange anyway,
that those people make dinner each to a different room.
Yes.
Yes, but they all used to have dinner together until 12 years ago, you know?
12 years ago, you say?
Yes, when Eisuke, the third son, was here they always ate together.
Yes, and so much...
Eisuke?
Eisuke Kariya...
I got it!
I remember now.
It was that case 12 years ago!
Inspector?
There was a crime quite similar to this one!
The person killed was the Eisuke's pledge,
"Miss Motoki Aida."
"Just like Tomoko,
"She was stabbed and then dealt a fatal blow."
"It was believed that the Eisuke, who disappeared, was the suspect,
"But a large amount of blood was also found on her"
near the phone booth.
All the money in the Eisuke's account had been withdrawn.
"Therefore, we thought that the Eisuke, she had been kidnapped....
"And that she had been murdered after the money was taken from her."
But there were no witnesses.
The investigation was at a dead end.
A friend of Eisuke's called last night.
He was asking for Eisuke?
-For Mrs. Kariya.
-No.
"It seems that the friend who called, Eisuke and Tomoko...
"They belonged to the same drama club at the university where they studied."
- "At that time the lady was very nervous."
"But, listen, I didn't call! Stop talking nonsense!"
Mmmmm, that's very suspicious....
Do you know that person's phone number?
Ah, I get it.
Okay, if there's anything new I'll call you back, thank you.
How did it go?
He's innocent.
He's got a perfect alibi.
"Received a silent call last night,
"He checked the incoming calls
"and saw it was from Tomoko's cell phone."
"She couldn't talk and called him at home."
Strange...
Mrs. Kariya's cell phone disappeared and was blocked.
-Don't tell me that the person who had the cell phone unlocked it
and made the call?
If so, what motives did the culprit have?
In addition, he kept messages from his mistress in the memory.
That person is the murderer...
But you found his phone right away.
No.
Mrs. Kariya is the one who found it and I don't know where she saw it.
And I'm not going to ask her either.
"All right, Conan, you have all the information there is."
"Now you'll call Shinichi, won't you?"
"Go on, call him! After you call him, I'll have it."

"I'll take your cell phone out of your hand and.... I'll talk to him directly."
No, it's impossible.
You can't do that, it's impossible.
What can't be done?
To unlock a cell phone you need to enter 4 digits, right?
There are 10,000 different possibilities between 0000 and 9999.
I couldn't try to put in all 10,000.
But if I was that bored and I was an invisible man that no one sees.....
An invisible man?
It would take about 3 seconds to check each code, 30,000 seconds.
8 hours!
I would have given up by now.
Whoever unlocked the phone would have to be somebody
who went a long time without being disturbed.
Any of the 3 people who were locked in their rooms.
"I'll send him that message again. And this time..."
So, who was smoking this pipe?
My double or who knows what?!
(Think) "A double?"
Thanks to having the police at home, I couldn't concentrate!
"There's only one thing to think: that this kid..."
"That in Conan is actually the same.... Shinichi!"
And the next Conan:
"The request of a strange family, (part 2)"
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

