Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
The senses of sight, hearing and smell.
Alibis found in these 3 senses.
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
THE REQUEST OF A STRANGE FAMILY, (PART TWO)
Therefore, the suspects are....
"Mr. Daisaku, the head of the family,
"who was in the room playing the flute."
"In Tsugutaka, the eldest son, who is an illustrator."
"And Shigehide, who was writing a novel."
These 3 men.
(Thinks) "At the moment all the deductions that have been made
"Have been based on the directions he has given them in Conan."
"The thoughts that run through his head serve as a clue to them..."
"But this would only be possible
"If, first, he had made Shinichi once the deductions."
"And I've never seen him make any calls before he comes up with anything."
"One can only think one thing.... That this child..."
"That in Conan is, in fact..., Shinichi himself!"
"That's why Shinichi's calls come to me as an unknown number.
"Because I didn't call him."
"But... if the high school festival you both went with me."
"Did I imagine it?"
"No, I won't be fooled!"
"In Shinichi used some kind of set-up!"
Ah, it's nothing...
Hey, Ran, what do you got?
Are you sure?
"I have to make sure."
"After I've sent the message to Shinichi,
"Conan's cell phone..."
"I'll send him that message again."
"And this time..."
"This time I'm sure I'll have solid proof to catch him!"
"Eh? No? He's not getting anything now."
Mmmm?
A visitor?
(doorbell)
Are you expecting someone?
No...
"It says here that my message has been sent."
"So, what happened this morning was a coincidence?"
"It's impossible for Conan to be Shinichi."
"No, we're talking about Shinichi!"
"It's possible that he used a method that no one would think of."
"I'm not going to take my eyes off you until I lay you bare!"
"So get ready, Shinichi!"
Gee, another misdeed?
A prank?
Sometimes, we feel the doorbell, but there's no one at the door.
And today it's especially recurring.
It only happens once a week.
It's too late for it to be a child's misdeed.
One of the 3 has probably rung the doorbell using some method and set up the alibi.
some method and prepared the alibi while they were leaving.
Their alibis are supported by what the maids have testified:
they have left the dinner near the door of their rooms.
But they have not seen any of the 3.
If so, the most suspicious would be Mr. Tsugutaka, the husband.
If he saw the lover's messages, he would have motive to kill her.
If Mrs. Kariya was having an affair....
I doubt Mr. Kariya would have overlooked it.
Why do you think that?
12 years ago, when Eisuke's promise was murdered..,
in that phone booth...
the two of them were keeping an appointment.
"The first call was from Eisuke...
"asking if he minded if Motoki spent the night at home."
"Mr. Kariya asked for Motoki to come to the phone."
- "If you, whore, dare cross the door of this family's house,
"You can consider yourself dead, have you felt me?!"
Miss Motoki was also having an affair?
I don't know how he found out, Mr. Kariya, but it is obvious.
After that they did not return home and then they were attacked?
Did the police report it?
All I know is that there was a call.
Mr. Shigehide told us that he had nothing to do with the case.
So, the only one who had nothing to do with Tomoko was Shigehide.
But...

A month ago, we felt Tomoko and Mr. Shigehide arguing.
I was telling him that eavesdropping was wrong.
-It was because of the dialogue of the parents of the main character in the novel.
-It was similar to an argument they had had.
"She would tell him that if he didn't change the dialogues, she would take him to court."
In Shigehide he agreed to change the dialogues and everything was settled.
What?
Even though they are here?!
Who has found the murderer?
Ah, well, even if not...
When they brought you dinner, you answered through the door...
saying it had been a long time since they'd made curry for dinner.
How did you know it was curry?
From the smell, the sliding door was a little open...
I'm sure;
Why do you use this?
To listen to my flute teacher's lessons and to practice.
I am making more progress every day!
Playing the flute has become my favorite pastime.
I get it, you hurt your leg at work.
Since then, you haven't gone out again?
Yes, since he started staying at home,
he found out his wife was having an affair and they divorced.
That's why he was so touchy about extramarital affairs.
Curry was one of the dishes his wife prepared best.
That's why they didn't prepare too much?
This would have annoyed the gentleman.
Yes, in fact we had thought of preparing beef stew, but....
We decided to prepare the curry 10 minutes before dinner.
-That's enough, gentlemen!
I told you I was here in 2/4 of 8!
When she put the dinner on the table, you answered by raising your hand.
The maid saw your silhouette, but not in person?
Are you insinuating that I managed to make the silhouette reflect?
This is impossible.
I would distinguish whether a silhouette is of a person or not.
You mean?
Now that you have finished, go home.
Because of having the police at home, I have made no progress in my work!
A member of his family dies and the man doesn't shed a tear.
This one writes novels about pure love?
No one would say so.
What did you say to him the first time we met him?
What?
What? What?
Ran, answer!
Did you tell him that you thought he should be bigger?
Because in his novels there are no characters with dyed hair.
And if there are any that do, he treats them like criminals.
"That's why I had thought it would be an older person."
"In his stories, the main characters...
"They are where they were supposed to meet, but they don't see each other because there's a column."
It's sad to see characters waiting and worrying....
They are very different from one I know,
who is always nearby and insists on watching what his partner is doing.
You think so too, don't you, Conan?
I'm a child and I don't understand, in these things....
Yes.
You think so too, don't you?
They always have to keep an eye on me?
What a pain in the ass they are... I've been here all the time.
But the fact that they smelled the pipe when they brought him his supper
isn't proof enough.
So, who was smoking this pipe?
My double?!
(Think) "A double!"
He ate the curry?
Yes.
By the way, has someone come again?
I heard the doorbell.
It was someone who was doing as usual again.
Mr. Tsugutaka is very angry with these misdeeds.
Every time he comes back from an errand,
he asks us if we've had any.
And when we tell him yes, he gets cranky.
He also gets cranky about hang-up calls.
Yes.
Hanging up?
One rings and they hang up.
It rings for a while and they hang up too.
And today we got another one!
Shortly after 8 o'clock.
Are they from an unknown number?
No, even though we received it, it doesn't show up in the call log.
"Don't tell me that ringing before..."
What?
Hey, Ran!
You sent a message a while ago, didn't you?
You did, didn't you?
Did you check the phone number?
Yes!
I did!
What's bothering you?
No, I didn't have to check it,
because I forwarded the message I sent this morning.
Oops!
Who did I send the message to?
"I thought about it."
"That's why she was able to find his cell phone so easily."
"The killer used the case from 12 years ago
"to hide his shadow in the dark."

"This way, he would continue under the light."
I guess we should get going.
Yeah, it'll be hard to dismantle his alibi,
if we don't use magic.
"Magic?"
I saw a fantastic magic show for television the other day!
There was a lady standing upright in a rectangular box.
The face, legs and arms were sticking out,
but her body was divided into 3 pieces!
Donkey!
There were 3 people in there!
I guess you can't fool people if you're alone,
but if you have people to help you, yes!
What do you mean by that, huh?
If one of the 3 helped him, the alibi setup would work?
This would be... impossible,
so that the dinner would have taken him to 3 rooms far away from each other.
For some reason, Mrs. Kariya finds the cell phone she had lost,
and after she has it, he is murdered...
And the 3 men living in this house are suspects for sure.
Yes, the phone hasn't been found at the scene either....
But, Ran...
Don't you think the person who hid the cell phone is dumb?
While we were looking for the cell phone,
whoever was on the other side continued to pick it up and hang up.
Naturally, because if his voice had been heard, he would have found out that he had taken it!
I would have discovered that he had taken it!
But if I had known that I was going to get an unwelcome call, I would have disconnected my phone,
I would have disconnected my phone.
"Grrrr! So, Shinichi has disconnected the cell phone?"
Strain hunk!
He was expecting Tomoko's lover to call him!
That's why he didn't disconnect the phone!
If that's why, he could have put it on silent....
because he was receiving calls continuously.
Could it be that the killer didn't know how to operate the cell phone?
Surely he knew how it worked.
Isn't it true that he knew how to unlock it?
Even if the phone was locked,
it takes 4 digits to unlock the phone.
Even if he didn't know how to use it,
since he had time, he would have been able to unlock it.
Using a cell phone is not that complicated.
Well, it took me a long time to figure it out....
You tell me about when you bought your first cell phone.
There aren't many people today who don't know how a cell phone works.
But if that person had been more than 10 years closed?
10 years?
The use of cell phones began to spread 10 years ago.
Didn't that happen 12 years ago?
The promise of the third child was killed
and the Eisuke disappeared!
(Flow) Could Eisuke be the person who had the cell phone?
Is it somewhere in the house?
This would mean that one of the 3 is hiding it.
It would be understandable that after being away from the world for 12 years,
found the cell phone, became interested and took it with him.
It was a friend of Eisuke's who received the call when it was lost.
He would have had plenty of time to unlock the phone.
And when he went to return it, Mrs. Tomoko found it?
and murdered her in collaboration with the person who was hiding her.
All right, go get an arrest warrant!
It is possible that Eisuke was the murderer in the case 12 years ago!
The problem is that he is protecting it.
I think the most suspicious person is Mr. Daisaku.
He had a player-recorder in his room.
He must have recorded, "It's been Motl since I've had curry!"
And at the time of the crime, at 2/4 of 8, he had the Eisuke,
who covered his shoulders, to start the device to make the alibi.
Ah, how hungry I am, I am very hungry.
Would you like to eat curry?
No need, they were going to prepare beef stew, weren't they?
And 10 minutes before serving dinner...
Let's see... 10 minutes before, it was 20 minutes past 7...
It takes more than 20 minutes to get from the scene to here...
I should have left shortly after 7 to get here.
So, it was Mr. Tsugutaka,
who was smoking a pipe and making illustrations in his room!
And as for the aroma of the pipe, I had to get the Eisuke to smoke.
Curry is my favorite dish, so yes I will take.
In fact, I was thinking of taking Mr. Illustrator's dish with me....

that was in the hallway and eat it somewhere.
But I preferred not to do that, because if the dish disappears, it will be easy to find out who ate the curry!
it will be easy to know who ate the curry!
If Tsugutaka made Eisuke stay in the room,
to serve as a double, how come the plate of curry didn't come in?
He could not go out because he is not a person who goes around the house?
Mr. Tsugutaka would have seen the dish coming back from the crime scene,
and should have taken it inside!
"If he has gone out, it would raise suspicions that he was not around at the time of the crime."
"Besides, in Tsugutaka he has taken the curry when it was already cold."
I had no reason not to bring him in.
So, as a suspect, we would be left with the writing of a novel.
Mr. Shigehide...
That I have died the Tomoko?
That I'm hiding my brother Eisuke?
You must be joking!
But if we're right everything would fit.
You've made Eisuke's hair look exactly like yours.
This making him wave at the other side of the door was easy.
(Mobile: zzz!)
Ah, Mr. Tsubouchi, are you calling me for editing?
I'm a little busy right now.
Yes, I'll call you back later....
Sir, you are very bad.
You use a cell phone,
but you don't let the characters in the novels on it!
It's impossible that you don't know how cell phones work!
You can't!
You have your brother write the novels for you?
That's why so few characters wear dyed hair.
12 years ago, there weren't many people who dyed their hair.
Is it true that the Kariya's conversations were used?
If he lived under the roof,
he could sense all the conversations in this house.
Ah, well, he was...
It doesn't matter now.
Stop it.
Brother...
You are...
Yes, I'm the Eisuke Kariya,
who murdered my promise 12 years ago.
My brother has been protecting me.
I heard the father's words...
"If you, whore, dare to cross the door of this family's house,
"You can consider yourself dead!"
(Eisuke) "We had a fight, I lost my temper..."
and I killed Motoki.
I was planning to commit suicide, but my brother found me....
"I'm in trouble... I killed Motoki."
"We'll figure something out."
And you've been in hiding ever since?
Yes, I thought about turning myself in to the police many, many times,
but I didn't have enough courage to do it...
How come you hit her after stabbing her?
Eh?
You hit her, didn't you?
No, I only saw her stabbing.
So it's you, who killed Motoki 12 years ago, right?
-I hope so!
-But, what...?
And why would I want to kill Motoki?
Because she was the person you were having an affair with on the sly.
It seems obvious, doesn't it?
If it was an affair with one of the family,
it was understandable that Daisuke, who didn't leave the house, would find out.
And you have killed the Tomoko who kept quiet for good
using the same method as 12 years ago.
If things got lean, I could blame it on Eisuke!
This is ridiculous;
he's been protecting me these 12 years!
He protected you because he knew that if the police stopped him,
everything would come out!
After you stabbed Motoki, he murdered her.
This can't be true, can it?
No... Why would I do such a thing?
She said that the ringing sound of your phone was peculiar.
Heavy!
Will you shut up!
If you're desperate to say that I'm the murderer, prove it to me!
(Ding-dong)
Are we having guests again?
No, it's the sound of cell phone messages.
Remember that Mrs. Kariya has disappeared while looking for the cell phone?
"At that time she had my phone."
"So you have sent messages to her cell phone repeatedly?
"And you have found her by the sound of the received messages!"
No matter how hard I pushed the buttons, there was no way to stop this noise.
I was able to stop the sound it made when they called, but not this one.
(Ring)
The ringing sound is like from Kariya's home phone.
If I did it this way,
she would always have the excuse to go out to answer the call or emails from her lover.
or emails from her lover....

And, Mr. Shigehide, the fact that we are now feeling this sound,
it means that there is the phone that has been taken from the crime scene.
- (ring)
-Mrs. Tomoko's phone.
Gee, it should have come undone.
He was too scared to get rid of it
until he confirmed whether she had told anyone that Eisuke was here.
The truth would have been known in examining her fingerprints and blood.
If only she hadn't said what she said.... If only she hadn't said...
"Where do you think I found this cell phone?"
"Your little brother had it, full of curiosity."
"The person you have to that attic, forced to write you novels.
"Because his big brother can take all the glory."
"We'll start with 10 million yen."
"We'll talk about the details at a different place..."
Is that why you asked me to write the novel here tonight?
Yes.
12 years ago it happened with Motoki.
I went to see if she was okay because of the stabbing.
"I was going to take her to the hospital, but she said..."
"You will assume your responsibilities."
"Do you want me to marry you?"
"You asshole! I wouldn't marry you and enter that one's family!"
"I want money!"
"Now that things have turned this color, I think espréme't!"
Brother...
I don't deserve to be your big brother....
If you had no talent for writing,
I would have killed you at the slightest chance.
Shigehide...
Well, I guess I didn't do it...
because I wanted to know how your novels continued
more than anything else in the world.
Wow, what a strange family!
Well, it's no big deal.
Ha-ha-ha!
He solved the case right away!
"Shinichi, you are truly fantastic."
"Your role as a smart schoolboy, you're splendid."
"You're a great center forward who manipulates a mediocre player..."
"An illusionist of the game who sends millimeter passes.
"To get the ball into the opponent's goal..."
"Why are you doing what you're doing? Why won't you tell me the truth?"
We're home.
Hurry up and get out, I'll bring the rental car back.
Yes, you understand.
Come on... You too, hurry up!
Make sure the bathroom is ready when I get back!
"Yes, he's noticed."
"He knows I suspect his true identity."
"Well-matched marriage?"
If you had her to choose, what license plate number would you like to put?
"What were you going to tell me? I don't remember..."
"There's only one way to check."
And the next Conan: "Ran's suspicions."
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

