Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
They commit a heist in front of us.
The killer, cornered, makes a leap beyond time.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
(Shinichi voice) Got it!
Thank the doctor for me.
It helped me a lot, that she left me her phone number.
So she hasn't found out your... identity, has she?
No.
I got out...
I don't think the Ran thinks I'm Shinichi Kudo anymore.
In fact, no one would quite believe this drug story,
so I guess I've thrown him off enough.
You can thank me now.
If you were able to mess it up
it's because I thought of sending a pile of messages to this phone.
Yeah.
Otherwise, I might have figured you out.
Listen to me: she really doesn't suspect anything anymore, does she?
Yes... But thanks to that, I've had a hard time this morning.
"Conan, you're a very clever boy."
"Or also..."
"You have, a giant ration of rice for the detective of the future."
"Or also..."
"Do you feel it? It's Shinichi's voice!"
(Answering machine) "Hello, this is Shinichi Kudo."
"I can't take your call right now. Please leave a message."
And things like that... Mm?
Did you give him your phone number?
It's no big deal!
When we're together I always have the answering machine on.
Do what you want.
But you'll have to be careful not to make any mistakes.
I'm aware of that.
If she finds out...
I won't make it easy for the men in black to get to her.
This girl is very strong... Much, much more than you think.
"Don't move! Stop!"
Oh, you mean karate?
Hey, look at this!
(Conan voice) What's wrong?
Mm?
(Genta) Yes.
Inspector Takagi?
Inspector Takagi is very strange today.
He looks in pain.
-(Genta) Yes!
-It's very suspicious.
(Thinking) "Let's go!"
-Don't tell me he wants to steal jewelry!
-Oh!
He's broken into the jewelry store!
You fools, a man usually enters a jewelry store...
when he wants to buy a special gift for a person.
It can be a gift for the mother, the sister or for his wife...
But if he walks in blushing and nervous,
it means that what he's looking for is for his girlfriend.
"Ah... Cost 80,000 yen? How expensive that is!"
"And I'm still paying for the ring I bought the other time..."
"But..."
"I'm absolutely sure!"
"The Miwako stared at this needle like it was haunted."
"She couldn't even blink! Don't tell her that I told you."
"So she'll think it's a coincidence of fate.
"And his love will be deeper!"
-Excuse me...
-Love?
Do you want me to take them out so you can take a closer look?
Eh?
No, that's not necessary.
-Hmm?
For a girl?
-You're looking for a gift for a little girl, aren't you? -You're looking for a gift for a little girl, aren't you?
(Genta) This one!
This one here!
This one with so many diamonds is fantastic!
Isn't it too ornate, by Inspector Sato?
When the fuck did she show up?
Inspector Sato told us it was born in April!
Then this should be it.
The April stone is the diamond.
I didn't say I had to give Sato away.
-Yes, it is, of course...
-Well, isn't it for her?
Excuse me, excuse me... Excuse me, can you let me see this needle, please?
Yes...
It's here, isn't it?
-And the design is very nice!
-It's fantastic!
How lucky you are, Inspector Sato!
So, do you like it?
(People: shouting)
THE CASE OF THE REAL JEWELER'S ROBBERY, (FIRST PART)
(Shouting)
(shouting) Hey!
(People: shouting) Hey!
(Woman) "Move the jewels in this bag!"
A heist!
What the hell are you waiting for?
Throw the dart, come on, come on.
It's no use...
The anesthetic dart won't get through the helmet or the thick coat.

And I couldn't tell you if the gun is real.
I can't use the super-powered slipper shot either.
(Flow) Kids, you...
Don't take that, please!
(Think) "Now it's my!"
Police!
I'm on duty right now and there are officers nearby!
Surrender and drop the gun!
I recommend it for your sake!
"He laughed!"
A-stop!
Didn't you say there were a lot of agents?
Kids, how do you wish there were?
Xt!
I have the day off today.
What you said was not true.
Where has he gone?
Ah!
It's over there, in the emergency stairs!
We won't let him escape!
-All right, yes.
-You do not get out of where he is.
Hey, you have no escape.
Au, drop the gun, and turn yourself in without... Eh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
W-wait a minute!
That's terrible!
-Did something fall?
-I heard a loud noise.
Do you see anything?
-No.
Hey, somebody go up and check it out!
Police!
Is this your truck?
What happened?
Something fell on top of the truck bed.
Yes, it happened...
What happened?
What is it, all this noise?
Oh!
(Women: shriek)
There's a man!
-You see what's happened.
-What?
Don't move the truck until the ambulance and the police arrive.
The cargo either?
No.
You must leave the scene as it is.
Aw, man, come on, don't smoke!
We have to finish the move we had today.
We'll wait until the ambulance arrives,
but then we'll do whatever we want.
Let me talk to the person who has ordered the move.
Mr. Nekota, you'll find him in his office.
Hey, go call.
What is it, this noise?
Ah, Mr. Nekota, they were just about to call you.
They haven't even done a small part of the job yet.
Hurry up.
Look, sir, a person has fallen on top of our truck.
A person?
Yes, that's why I'm asking you to stop the move for the time being.
Then call your colleagues and get to work right away!
Maybe it was our fault.
Yes.
If we hadn't chased her up to the roof...
Maybe then she wouldn't have decided to throw herself off the roof.
Donkeys!
We were just a police inspector and 5 kids!
Even if that robber was cornered on the roof,
he would have been able to make his way by turning towards us
and threatening us with that gun.
Does this mean that the man wanted to commit suicide from the start?
Yes.
Or maybe he was sure he wouldn't take it badly even if he fell.
Besides, this was no ordinary jewelry store robbery.
"And not a simple case of suicide either."
(Sato) You went after a robber who was coming out of a jewelry store
and who killed himself by jumping off a rooftop?
Yes, the man jumped over the fence on the roof of this building,
and then fell on top of the box of this moving truck.
What the hell did you do?
Oh, my God!
-The media will tear you to shreds again.
The reckless pursuit of a hero-hungry cop...
(Ayumi) It's not true.
(Ayumi) He didn't want to be a hero!
He went out of his way to chase him from the jewelry store!
Everything went well until you harassed him on the rooftop!
(Ayumi) The thief has thrown himself off the roof and we didn't have time to stop him!
Yes.
Isn't that right?
He jumped without a second's hesitation.
It was as if he had already planned to do it from the beginning.
Ah, so... when the robber entered the jewelry store...
you were there too?
Yes, because we had seen Inspector Takagi who had entered.
Gee, gee, in a jewelry store on your day off?
What were you going to do?
Uh...?
No, it's just that I... You see... It just so happens that...
Gee, I didn't know you liked jewelry and that sort of thing...
"If it was there for you, Sato."
And so?
Did you get the jewel you were looking for, Takagi?
Ah!
Turns out...
The thief took it before I could buy it!
The robber took it?
-I just dropped it on the floor.
The robber picked it up when I dropped it and put it in his pocket.
Although he must have it in his pocket.
But it's very strange.
When we got into the truck before the police came,

we saw that the needle was no longer in the pocket.
-It was a gift for your mother, wasn't it?
-Ah, it was a needle.
"No, it wasn't. It wasn't that... It was a present for you!"
No, how do you figure?
He probably dropped it or lost it during the chase.
But I would say that he dropped it when he threw discalabro.
Anyway, the best thing you can do is let the needle run.
And even if we did find it, you wouldn't have enough time,
because of the research.
And I don't think anyone would want a jewel with this background, for sure.
Yes, you're right...
I wouldn't have a problem with it.
Even if it was stained with blood, cleaning it would be...
-Really?
-The object is not to blame for anything.
There was something else strange!
The robber was wearing a helmet,
and if he hadn't taken it off while he was falling,
he wouldn't have had so much blood coming out of his head.
Now that you mention it...
Also, when Inspector Takagi's jewelry store told him he was a policeman,
that robber... made a sardonic laugh.
As if he really expected Inspector Takagi to intervene!
- (Takagi) Yes, he did.
-He laughed?
Is this true?
If he laughed,
does that mean the robber had a good escape route,
or maybe he had some means that would help him jump..., I think.
So this man must have taken off his helmet as he was falling
because it was part of the escape plan?
I don't know.
In fact, we don't know what this man's identity is.
-It's just that he looks like an acquaintance.
-Wait, you can't come in!
Ah!
It's him!
It's the Atomura!
I work in a restaurant downstairs.
He was a regular customer.
He worked at Mr. Nekota's company.
-Do you know who he's talking about?
-Nekota?
Yes..., the man has fallen on top of a moving truck,
and it looks like the owner of the company that had rented it is that man,
whose name is Nekota.
Atomura!
Isn't he the Atomura?
How could this happen to him?
So, he's an employee of your company.
Yes, until last week.
Until last week?
He worked with me from the very day of the foundation,
but my company began to suffer hardships
and with tears in my eyes I had to let him go.
I never thought he would do something like this.
So you moved here because it is a more modest building?
Yes, this building has a much smaller surface area and low rent.
By the way, where did you have your company headquarters before?
On the top floor of this building across the street.
It's right next door.
Do you mind if I take a look at the old company headquarters?
And why is that?
If this man had been planning the heist for some time,
it's possible he left some clues there.
Excuse me, sir!
Yes, it could be, yes.
Have you ever seen these inspectors before?
No, never ever...
This gentleman you see has never done anything wrong.
Ah.
This was the Atomura's closet.
And this here, the table where he worked.
Hm... I see there are still quite a few things left.
Yes, I had thought of changing chairs, tables and cabinets for new ones,
that's why we left it here.
There doesn't seem to be anything here that has anything to do with the case.
And there's nothing special on the table either.
The thing is very strange.
Why are there so many personal belongings of a person
who had folded a week ago?
He thought that seeing him leave the company...
would be a shock for altrestreballadors.
So he kept it a secret
and made it look like he was going on a business trip.
That is, until the company could get back on its feet.
Hey, look at this!
This is the truck the robber fell into, right?
Yes, that's right.
-If we see the truck in front of us
it means that the place where he jumped from is also in front of us.
Couldn't it be that the robber wanted to jump to the other building?
That's impossible.
He was carrying the jewelry bag.
And the world record for the long jump is 9 meters.
At this height, no one would dare to jump unless it was on Yaiba!
Idiot!
In Yaiba the Masked One wouldn't be stealing jewelry!
I guess.
Hey, guys!
Don't go out on the balcony!
Don't be naughty!

Where were you when the moving truck arrived?
What?
Yes, I was at home, on the fifth floor.
-Carai.
-At home?
Well...
Your home is in this very building?
The old company headquarters is on the ninth floor, 4 floors up.
-Which hull is weirder.
-What is this?
Stop it!
Hey, is this a bicycle helmet?
Yes, yes, when I was young I used to practice triathlon day in and day out.
You've had enough?!
He knew him, but here there is no belonging to him!
(doorbell)
-I'm going to open, they call.
- (doorbell)
(doorbell) Eh?
Nothing happened?
No, but I have been told that some police inspectors have come.
Do you know anything?
Ah, you're police?
There's been a robbery at a jewelry store nearby, right?
I thought this might be related.
My name is Izaka and I'm the neighbor who lives on the sixth floor.
Three days ago, around 2:00 a.m....
"I heard a sudden noise
"And when I looked out of the balcony, I saw the shadow of a kind of cane."
"I woke my husband and we went out, but found nothing."
My husband says he must have dreamed it,
but I thought I should explain it to him.
Ma'am, your floor is right over here?
Yes, the one right above.
It's 605.
And when the robbery took place, did you hear the same strange noise?
I don't know, because I was watching TV.
I knew about the robbery when I heard the police siren.
-Tell me.
-Excuse me.
Do you know if we can continue with the move?
If we don't continue with the second and third rooms, we won't be able to finish.
The second and third?
In that building?
Yes, our old headquarters occupied the entire surface of the ninth floor.
In addition to the offices, we had the warehouse and the meeting room.
There is something that doesn't add up, but it was suicide.
We already have the photographs of the scene,
the replica of the gun and the stolen jewelry.
It seems that except for the famous needle, they were all in the bag.
I guess they can move on now.
Naturally, without taking the sheet off the top of the truck.
When they have finished the job,
this truck will be taken into police custody.
Come on, posem's on it!
We have to get it over with!
Wait a moment, sir!
Answer me one question.
Where did you stop the truck when you came here the first time
to load the things from the office of the old headquarters?
On the other side of the building in front of the moving site.
We loaded from behind so that not many people would pass by.
Did you hear any noise at that time?
What kind of noise was it?
Yes.
Since last week we have been hearing the disturbing noise
of the works of the water conduction.
(Think) "The noise of a construction site..."
"Besides, the back street is narrow and few people pass by."
But for heavy, there's nothing worse than that President Nekota....
-Yes.
He's always asking for trouble.
He made us all go up to the office, including the driver,
to show us how to make the transfer.
And he made us wait for a long time at the door.
After canceling the move twice.
He cancelled it?
We were supposed to move the day before yesterday,
but in the morning he said it wasn't going well.
And yesterday, the same thing.
And it was alone and it was the perfect day.
He told us to reserve 3 days,
because there might be some cancellations.
I really don't want to have a customer like this again.
"Of course! The rain!"
Thank you very much!
Have a good move!
Ah!
Conan!
"The bedroom, the bedroom..."
"I'm here!"
"This is it!"
"If my deduction is correct, surely..."
"It's a dock!"
"I knew it!"
"That wasn't a suicide!"
"Mr. Nekota made it look like that to get the life out of the Atomura...
"Making a leap through... space and time!"
(Mitsuhiko) Why didn't he get mad at us?
(Ayumi) We are children.
But I find... you've been very lucky, with this setup.
(Man) Children have little understanding...
They should know how to fit the truth!
(Ay) I knew that we were valuable witnesses.
The needle I was going to buy, where is it ?!
And the next Conan:

"The case of the real jewelry store robbery, (part two)"
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

