Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
The League of Detectives clears up the displacement montage.
Now it's time to confess to the needle.
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"When we were coming back from school.
"We saw Inspector Takagi entering a jewelry store."
"We went into the store, behind him,
"But suddenly there was a robbery."
"Then we set out to chase the robber with Inspector Takagi,
"But the man threw himself off the roof of the building!"
Do you know who he's talking about?
Yes, the man has fallen on top of a moving truck,
and it looks like the owner of the company that had rented it is the one in Nekota.
Have you ever seen these inspectors before?
No, never ever.
This man you see has never done anything wrong.
Ah...
His home is in this very building?
The old headquarters of the company is on the ninth floor, 4 floors up.
-Which helmet is stranger.
-What's this?
-Is that a bicycle helmet?
-Paris!
Uh, yeah, when I was young I used to do triathlons day in and day out.
(thinks) "The bedroom, the bedroom!"
"I'm here!"
"It's here!"
"If my deduction is correct, surely..."
"It's dock!"
"I knew it!"
"That wasn't a suicide!"
"Mr. Nekota just made it look like it was a suicide!
"To take the life of the Atomura
"By making a leap through space and time."
THE CASE OF THE REAL JEWELRY STORE ROBBERY, (PART TWO)
(Shiratori) En Takagi has been chasing him ever since he has left the jewelry store.
And even though he was cornered on the rooftop we have one certainty:
That he has committed suicide in the face of his throwing himself down.
It is true...
"It's too coincidental that the place where the robber has fallen
is precisely the moving truck
that was moving the company from where she had been dispatched, but...
There doesn't seem to be anything strange about this suicide.
So..., I guess we can retire, for today.
Mr. Nekota, would you mind coming here to the police station for a while?
Why is that, let's see?
You had been Mr. Atomura's head...
and we'd like to ask you some questions about him:
what was his character, if he had any financial problems...
Yes... Okay, understood.
(Ayumi) A little more, a little lower!
(Ayumi) -Lower a little more.
-(Ayumi) Lower!
Lower!
(Genta) Oops, it's so cold!
Children, what are you doing?
No, we don't do anything!
Rather... we have some questions to ask.
(Genta) -Yes.
-A few questions?
Just 2 questions for Mr. Nekota.
Eh?
For me?
I am sure that you,
when you have first arrived at the place where the robber has fallen,
said that to Inspector Takagi:
"Tell your colleagues and get to work."
-How do you understand, that he said that to you?
-Yes.
- (Ouch) We didn't ask him this.
-Because I also have things to do.
What we asked him is...
He had a man in front of him with an old polo shirt,
that didn't make you think he was a luminary... What was he like?
How did you know he was a police inspector?
(rumbling)
It was common sense!
The most normal thing is that in these cases the police come.
-But you did not know.
-A person had fallen, no?
He said: "What is it, all this noise?"
Besides, you also said that you had not seen Inspector Takagi.
(Sato) Indeed.
I didn't know what was going on,
and it was the first time I saw Takagi.
It's impossible that I knew he was a policeman.

It made me think about the situation I found myself in.
It seemed to me that something terrible had happened
and that surely the police had come.
-Well, now the second question!
-Eh?
We went to your house and we stayed for a while, but....
How come you didn't get angry with us?
How come?
We are just children.
If we were grown-ups, maybe you'd take us for police inspectors...
But when some kids break into the house,
he had to show he didn't like it.
"What are they doing here, these little kids?", for example.
It happens that...
The fact that you didn't say anything means that you already knew, right?
You knew that we were valuable witnesses
related to the robbery case.
-Eh... -Well... Well...
-Is that true?
If he knew that I was a police inspector...
and that these children had been involved in the robbery,
it would mean that...
Oh!
It can't be true!
The perpetrator of that jewelry store robbery... it's you, isn't it?
(Sato) Indeed.
If this were the case,
we would have the answer to both of Mitsuhiko's questions.
(Sato) It's ridiculous!
Look at that memory!
The robber has thrown the rooftop of the building across the street
and fell into the parked truck.
If they say that I am that robber,
where and how did I disappear after I jumped?
"And how do you explain that the Atomura killed by falling into the truck?"
Besides, I am 51 years old.
I don't have the stamina that I would have
I don't have the stamina to outrun a policeman and climb up to the roof.
(Transmitter) "The triathlon!"
"If Mr. Nekota is still training
"To compete in the events of this sport,
"It's very easy for him to be fit."
This is Conan's voice, isn't it?
I was just saying that we haven't seen him for a while.
"I'm in the building across the street."
Conan, where are you?
"I'm coming up the stairs"
that reach the roof of the building from where he jumped!
I wanted to try something, and the questions were to buy time!
That you wanted to try something, you say?
"Can you see me, from down here?"
Yes, we can see you... But what are you preparing now?
"Think about it! Haven't we been told before?"
He recalls the words of Mrs. Izaka who lives in the apartment above.
"At 2 a.m. she felt a sudden noise."
"And when she looked out of the balcony..."
she thought she saw the shadow of a kind of long cane.
I have already figured out this mystery.
"Now I'll show you how it all went."
Co-Conan!
Enough of this nonsense!
I wanted to collaborate with you because an ex of mine died!
But this child has insisted on leaving me as the culprit.
The children have little understanding.
They should know how to deal with the truth!
Besides, I keep telling them!
If I'm the robber, how am I supposed to have disappeared from the roof?
That's impossible!
This can't be done in any way!
I'm not some kind of superhero capable of instant teleportation!
Eh?
Yes, it can be done.
Even if you're not a superhero..., it can be done like this!
But nevertheless, Conan!
How did you get here?
I used this rope that the movers left me.
A rope?
First I measured the meters from the balcony of the ninth floor.
"where the old headquarters is, to where this house is."
"I passed a rope that doubled this distance
"Over the railing of the terrace of the company's apartment...
"So that the two ends would hang down."
"Then I took the other end of the rope and made a small circle...
"To accommodate the body."
"And I pulled the rope from the company to the roof across the street."
"Then I climbed up to the rooftop as if I were the culprit.
"Who was cornered after the robbery."
"He put the rope around the body...
"That was hidden by his coat, and he jumped."
"You get from the roof to the balcony in front with a jump."
Once you get there, you just undo the knot and you get the rope back!
Now I get it.
But it's a miracle you didn't take it wrong.....
You must have taken a pretty hard hit.
But with this helmet, which I'm sure is like the mugger's....
Besides, before hitting the wall..,

I pulled a special ball out of my belt to act as a pillow.
"That's why I'm fine."
And it looks like Mr. Nekota has removed the mattress outside
to ease the impact, you know?
(Sato) The mattress?
I checked and it was springy, so it's obvious.
Of course, of course, it got wet in the rain.
So, the shadow and the noise that Mrs. Izaka felt...
were caused by the rehearsals you were doing.
Wait, wait a moment, please!
After having jumped the robber,
the inspector and the children have seen the body in the truck.
How do you plan to explain it?
Because it was on top of the truck from the beginning.
He probably dumped it there...
when the moving company parked the truck on the street...
"To load the stuff from the old headquarters."
"Surely, with the excuse that you wanted me to help you make the move..."
you have thrown it out of the window of the company's office.
Now that you mention it...
As the company occupies the 3 premises on the upper floor...
Of course, this way it is possible to make it fall on top of the truck.
And the noise?
If a person falls on top of the truck, someone must feel some noise, right?
No...
Because everybody knows that there are some very noisy construction sites near here.
They could have perfectly well thought that the noise was from the works.
The impact would have shaken the truck when the man fell.
And one of the workers would have seen it.
That's why he had the driver and the other workers come up.
"With the excuse that he would tell them how they had to do the removal."
"The men in the truck told me!"
"He made them wait for a long time at the door of the company."
Then he brought down the Atomura
and prepared the rope assembly and closed the window.
"Even if the movers came in they wouldn't notice anything."
Now I understand.
So the thing has gone like this...
First, he called all the employees of the moving company...
on the top floor of this building, in the company's old headquarters.
And while he kept them waiting...
he threw Mr. Atomura on top of the truck he had parked.
"He placed the assembly rope on the building across the street...
"And while the workers were carrying the load into the new headquarters..,
"He went to commit the robbery,
"He had a policeman follow him
"And went up to the roof of the building across the street."
He had planned everything so that it seemed that, seeing himself cornered,
the robber had committed suicide by throwing himself off the roof.
Of course!
Oi, Mr. Nekota?
And also, throwing away the bag with the jewelry and the second helmet he was wearing,
at the same time as he jumped, it would make you think...
"That something had fallen on top of the truck!"
Surely, Mr. Atomura was not wearing a helmet for this reason.
Of course, I can see that:
So, if the robber laughed when he found out that I was a policeman,
it's because it was essential for him to be chased...
to have... a witness who had jumped from the rooftop
and his set-up was effective.
Yes, if you hadn't been there,
I would have waited until the nearest neighborhood cop came.
But I find -- I find that he was very lucky, with this set-up.
Because not one person in the neighborhood, not one pedestrian noticed...
that there was the body and the rope.
But that it was a clumsy plan explains that some children discovered it.
That no one noticed it was not a matter of luck.
It was the weather we're having today.
-Of course!
-The rain?
When it rains, people with umbrellas and nobody goes out on the terrace.
And with the umbrella you won't be able to see any ropes either.
And if nobody went out on the terrace, you couldn't see the corpse.
I went to the street where the truck passed to check,
and there aren't many people passing by, are there?
It would be very bad luck for someone to see the body or the rope.
That's true.
But... there's no doubt that it was very fortunate
that it happened to rain on the day of the assembly.
It was not a coincidence!
He postponed the transfer twice
because you wanted it to be done on a rainy day like today, right?
Now all we need is the proof.
I'm sure we'll find it in some corner of this floor or this building,
because we've seen... Mr. Nekota on the spot instantly.

Surely he has somewhere the rope, the helmet and the coat he has used.
And also the jewel you have harvested and put in your pocket.
The needle I was going to buy, right, Mr. Nekota?
(Sato) You're right.
Where did he hide it?
We don't know if he got rid of it.
But if he hasn't had time to go far away,
it's likely that the coat and helmet are in the same place.
And if we find his fingerprints or hair on that coat,
on the needle in the pocket or on the helmet...
Mr. Nekota..,
...have you already decided to resign yourself?
But why did you put the needle in your pocket at that moment?
To atone for my crime..., surely.
To atone for a crime?
Yes, because the state of my company is to set it on fire.
To get it back on its feet, I had no other choice
but to do without the permanent workers
who had lost productivity lately.
And that man was one of those people.
"What?"
"If you send me away, I'll make public....
"All the irregularities you've committed with food."
"If you keep me here until I retire, there won't be a problem."
"As long as Singu's salary is high enough
"To buy this needle for my wife for her birthday."
"But well, after retirement surely m'empiparà....
"Because she will want other accessories much more expensive."
"Please don't worry, Mr. President."
Then he decided...
-Yes, because he saw that if we continued like this...
we'd get muddier and muddier.
But why did he take that needle?
Because he had thought of giving it to his wife on his birthday.
I would have told her that it was a gift he had left me for her...
Because if one thing is certain
is that he worked hard since we founded the company.
But on top of that he would have left her as a criminal,
he had caused her death.
I've harvested her from the ground to get rid of this feeling of guilt
that tears me apart inside.
But this feeling is exactly what went against me.
And then?
Where is the coat with the needle in the pocket?!
It's... It's inside the bedroom closet.
You feel it!
Sato!
Check it out!
Come on!
What?
Yes.
Let's see...
Ah, it's this one here!
This is the one on the pier!
(Ayumi) I'm sure you'll like it!
Inspector Takagi hesitated for a while before deciding!
It doesn't have diamonds, but...
-For him to have chosen it, I think he has pretty good taste.
Why don't you hurry up and look at it?
(Thinking) "This... Sato..., look-look-at-it, please."
(Yumi) "I'm sure!"
"The Miwako stared at this needle like it was haunted."
"She couldn't even blink! Don't tell her that I told you."
"So she'll think it's a coincidence of fate...
"And then his love will be deeper!"
"Let's make it deeper! You and my love."
Eh?
But this is...
A... A needle!
Isn't it the one Yumi wanted?
La-Yumi, you say?
Yes, she saw the magazine and got excited.
By the way, the other day I thought I saw Yumi...
with a bracelet that looked a lot like one I gave you.
Oh, that one?
She left it for you.
Yumi told me she was looking for a similar one.
I don't like jewelry like that at all.
(Yumi) Oh, what a beautiful necklace!
I've made up my mind!
This one will come from Inspector Takano.
Hey, Conan!
General meeting!
Meeting!
The Junior Detective League has a client!
And he's also...
Watch out!
Mail, we must go!
And the next Conan: "The Mansion of the Mysterious Angels, (part 1)"
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

