Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
The request of an angel who has lost her smile.
The mansion is the mysterious labyrinth of recent times.
...has the brain of an adult and is detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Look at that.
Do you envy that elementary school girl anything?
Hey, Conan!
General meeting!
Meeting!
The Junior Detective League has a client!
And, besides, she's...
(Genta) Isn't she very pretty?
It's to get excited.
Ah, right...
THE MANSION OF THE MYSTERIOUS ANGELS, (PART 1)
(Girl) "That gentleman told me his name was Tokei."
"Tokei by watch?"
"Yes. He didn't give me a first or last name, just the word 'Tokei'."
"This man is his mother's grandfather."
"That is, he is her great-grandfather. It's called Goza Isegawa."
"Great-grandfather... I have a great-grandfather."
(Man) "With his instinct and his courage.
"He attained control of the stock market."
"Among stockbrokers, he was known as the 'rampant bull.
"And he became the legendary master Goza Isegawa...."
"But, unfortunately, last winter..."
- "Yes, sir. But..."
- "Hey..., Tokei..."
(Inaudible)
"Y-sir...!"
"Yes, the person who solves this mystery will inherit...
"My property and my entire fortune."
"But he must do so within a time limit of 24 hours."
"If he exceeds this time,
"he will lose the right to fight for my inheritance and the right to succeed me."
"The people who will be able to dispute this inheritance are my children,
"wives and grandchildren, respectively, and in order of age."
"I want you to take it upon yourself to go and see and communicate to them to do so."
"But, sir, I don't know whether this you tell me..."
"In the end, there has been no one to come and see me."
"Serves them right......well deserved."
"And I have to live in this loneliness?"
"Why is one supposed to have a family...?"
"Don't get upset, sir, it's bad for your health..."
"Damn it: the end of the bull rampant..."
He said that those had been the last moments of my great-grandfather.
And then...
"I, the secretary of Mr. Goza Isegawa,
"am addressing you as notary of his will."
- "Yes?"
- "Miss Yuriko Matsunaka."
"I must inform you
"That the seventeenth person entitled to succeed him is you."
"Me?"
"Naturally, the fact that you want to accept this challenge....
"Or opt for these rights of succession is your decision."
"I understand that your school has a Junior Detective League.
"Some really bright kids."
(Genta) Did he tell you to ask us?
So, he has issued us the challenge to solve this ourselves.
Yuriko, what did your family say?
The father died in an accident after I was born.
And the mother got sick last year...
-Oh... forgive me, please...
-That's why, now I'm alone.......
It's all right, the mother and the father were all against each other,
and they ran away from home to get married far away.
That's why I don't know anyone else to whom I can say family.
Yuriko, how do you feel?
I'm afraid...
But Tokei told me that if I could solve the mystery...
I'd see the house where my mother lived with my grandfather when I was a child.
(Tokei) That mansion is called the Angel Mansion.
Miss Yuriko.
You guys from the Junior Detective League...
Is this man?
Tokei!
Nice to meet you.
(Ai) This angel mansion is far away?
(Tokei) We'll find it as soon as we get out of this forest.
I have already informed the people who have the parental authority,
that you were going camping for two days.
Wow, so she's been investigating us.
We already have her in sight.
That's her.

(Tokei) That is the angel of the south.
That one is the angel of the west.
That one is the angel of the east.
And that one is the angel of the north.
They are so called because they all point exactly
the point where the four cardinal points meet.
They were all made with the young face of his late wife.
-Yes.
My great-grandmother's?
"He was only concentrating on his economic benefits
"And on the memory of his wife."
"Surely, when his children were small,
"He treated them coldly
"And when they grew up, they moved away."
"In the end, he was left alone..."
"From time to time one of the sons would come to see how he was doing,
"But when it was time to leave, there were fights."
He was a very sad person and didn't understand what was going on around him.
This is the so-called southern mansion,
the one that was built under the protection of the southern angel.
It was the one the lord liked the most.
The western mansion, he used it mainly for work.
That mansion in the north, he used for his children and service.
-It is surprising that they are kept nice even if no one lives there.
We could not forget their upkeep.
-And that one?
The one in the east is the only one that looks like a haunted house.
(Tokei) By the will of the lord in the will,
no one is to go near it after his death.
- (Ai) Why?
- (Tokei) Look, come on in.....
Ah, it's a minotaur.
(Mitsuhiko) Ah!
What's that?
A minotaur?
It's a legendary beast
that had half the body of a cow and half the body of a human being.
They are very well informed.
As the master called it "the rampant bull",
it makes sense that there would be this.
Now that you mention it, here and there is all about bulls, bulls and more bulls!
In the world of the stock market, bulls symbolize power.
In New York, one of the centers of the world economy,
there is also a sculpture of a bull.
For a stockbroker it is a kind of guardian god.
What's that?
What is that?
It's one of the security systems left by the master.
It activates at the same time as the sun goes down.
And even though he's dead now, it still works?
Yes, as long as the lord's fortune has that aura of mystery,
myself... and this system... of security we will continue here.
The angel scares me...
By day, it's the angels of the mansion and by night, it's the witches.
This means they have two faces.
(Ayumi: call)
Are you ok?
Don't worry, I'm with you!
I will protect you too!
This is the fifth mansion in the middle of the other 4.
-My mother lived here?
-It's the mansion of the rampant bull.
After her parents left this mansion,
she was worried about the master and often came to see him alone.
Listen, Mr. Tokei,
will you explain to us what is the mystery that Yuriko's great-grandfather left behind?
Indeed..., that's the most important thing.
Unfortunately, the time has not yet come to do so.
I mean, this mystery has something to do with time, right?
Well, now let's have dinner and I'll show you the rooms.
Come with me to the northern mansion.
It was all so good, wasn't it?
-Mmmm!
What a good dinner I had.
(Clock: the time is ticking)
(Dong)
The time has come.
Now I will tell you the mystery.
(Dong)
When the bull's horns disappear
and its tail becomes a head,
the angel will descend from heaven and play the flute.
To his tune, we will find our treasure.
- (Genta) That's all?
- (Tokei) Yes.
"When the bull's horns disappear
"And its tail turns into a head,
"The angel will descend from heaven and play the flute and..."
"To his melody, we will find our treasure."
(He thinks) "Now we have 24 hours."
"The deadline is tomorrow night at 9:00 p.m."
"What bravo is he talking about anyway?"
I beg you to be very cautious.
There are even more frightening things in the security systems.....
Among the people who have disputed this inheritance...
some have been badly wounded and others have disappeared without a trace.
The mansion of the lord's angel, so to speak..,
is a gigantic labyrinth.
(Genta) No doubt about it.
Surely it is that big bravo!

-But we shouldn't go alone without saying anything to the others.
Doesn't it make you angry that Conan is always ahead of us?
Surely the "disappearing horns" are the ones over there.
But... but, Genta...
That bull is a rampant bull, too.
We'll find a treasure map inside this horn.
"Genta, you're the best!"
(Genta) Yes, I'm the best.
(Mitsuhiko) I doubt it's that easy.
(Ai) You mean we should go on our own?
(Ayumi) It's just that Yuriko hasn't smiled yet and she's sad.
I want to solve the mystery of her great-grandfather because she's happy.
And what do you plan to solve if you don't even look at this bravo?
It scares me...
"When the bull's horns disappear
"And his tail turns into a head..."
"When the bull's horns disappear..."
They have disappeared!
They've disappeared!
Oh, you're so smart!
I know you are!
I'm sure the one who will come down will be the angel of the west.
Ayumi and Ay think the angel of the west is suspicious.
(Genta) But we'll follow our first teething.
(Mitsuhiko) What "teething" are you talking about?
Don't you know?
It means that you have to go for the first idea you get.
Oops.
The expression is: "the first intuition is always the good one".
Ouch!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai!
But, now that you say it, doesn't the western mansion look suspicious to you?
"No one should approach it after his death."
The mystery might just be a red herring....
And in reality the fortune would be found there.
-What a rage!
This is slippery!
-Ge... Genta!
"Thank you very much, Mitsuhiko."
It was nothing.
Let's go!
Eh?!
What's this?
Aaah!
Oh, say... How is the angel supposed to come down from heaven?
This is what we're looking for now.
Alert!
Ayumi!
It's electrified!
Ouch!
I thought so... We'd better get back.
I thought so...
"This is the west mansion. I'm sure the treasure is here. Eh?"
"This bull has no horns."
"When the bull's horns disappear...
"...and its tail turns into a head..."
"No head? How strange."
Oh, how strange.
It comes out!
It's coming out!
Hey, I fall!
Ouch... help!
I'll get hurt!
Hey, is anyone there?
Is anyone there?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Genta) Mitsuhiko!
Mr. Tokei... Genta!
Th-this is the same!
There's a skeleton in the background!
A... a skeleton?
Some thief must have gotten lost in the maze and died.
But we should call the police, quick!
All right, I'll do it myself.
Use every second of your valuable time.
Come on, come on!
For saying they were going to the toilet,
it's pretty weird that they haven't come back yet.
Yuriko?
Ah... I can't sleep, you know?
I'm going for a walk in the garden.
Ah, but...
It's okay, I'll just be a while.
"In the end, no one came to see me."
"And I have to live in this loneliness?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Conan.
Eh?
What is this room?
Ah, I'll pee myself!
Tokei, where is the sink?
Come here!
First of all, should we believe what you tell us in Tokei?
What do you mean?
This mystery left by the great-grandfather...
or that the Yuriko is the seventeenth person entitled to the inheritance.
You're right... Yes, you're right.
In these last few months, 16 people have disputed it,
but we don't have any written notes or clues, and this is very strange.
Yes, it is.
It could be that this mystery was a lie
to make Yuriko come here.
To make her come here?
Why is that?
Well, this... I can't explain it anymore.
Listen, I believe that Tokei didn't lie.
It makes me effect.
If those who have disputed it before had left no clue,
we might know something...
although that man would have eliminated them.
So that everyone participates on an equal footing?
Yes... But what's in it for him, this?
(Dong)
"Damn it! We have 10 hours left?"
Sorry... I've caused you so much trouble.
I already...
Muuuuus...
Hey, it'll be fine, Yuriko.
There are many candidates to be the mystery bravo.
Yes, we still have 10 hours left,

I assure you that I'll get to bend his horn, and I sure as hell will!
Wait, why does it have to be a bull?
If the horns disappear, it means...
Because Yuriko's great-grandfather was called "the rampant bull".
And the mansion of the rampant bull,
yesterday in Genta was the flute that came out of the horn.
And in Mitsuhiko has found a small gold fact in the west mansion.
that had no horns, right?
How can you say that it is small?
What a thing to say, Genta!
"That bull that appears in the mystery?
"It's not any of the bulls in this mansion."
"This is..."
- (Mitsuhiko) An ideogram?
- (Genta) A kanji?
This of the disappearing bull's horn means....
-It is the ideogram.
-A cross?
It is used in the words "morning" and "evening".
In the Chinese zodiac, it's the sign of the horse.
But there is none here...
It does not refer to the animal.
It is indicating a direction.
Or maybe it's the other...
Oh, no!
(The angel of the south!
Look, the horse is pointing south.
It's electrified to prevent thieves...
If my deductions are not correct there is no danger,
because the term also points to 12 o'clock noon.
To express this time, this word is also used, period.
(At the same time) has opened!
How strange.
It's stuck to the floor and I can't pick it up.
(Genta) How is it?
(Genta) This is the treasure of the bull?
No, this black stone is the key to unravel the next mystery.
When the bull's horns disappear
and its tail is transformed into a head,
therefore, in the opposite direction of the horse, we find the rat.
The goat points north...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What is it doing?
Of course!
Mail, we must march!
(Shouting)
Tell me, in what direction was the skeleton's head looking?
that you found in the mansion to the east?
If some thief must have lost his way in the labyrinth and died?
No.
We have already reached the deadline?
I have solved the second mystery, but...
Yes!
Do you want to fight?
Stop it!
And the next Conan: "The Mansion of the Mysterious Angels, (Part 2)."
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

