Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are culprits or actors.
Today, a solution in all its splendor.
Make the angel come down from heaven and find the real treasure!
...and it's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"At the Junior Detective League we were introduced to a client."
"It was Yuriko Matsunaka, a girl from the class next door."
"The reason for her request was that her great-grandfather, Goza Isegawa," she said,
"wanted her to decipher the meaning of some mysterious words."
"And then, guided by an unknown man who called himself 'Tokei.'
"A.K.A. Clock, we arrived at the mansion of the angels,
"which was the clue to solving the mystery."
(Clock: touches the time)
(Dong)
The time has come.
(Dong)
Now I will explain the mystery.
When the bull's horns disappear
and its tail becomes a head,
the angel will descend from heaven and play the flute.
To its melody, we will find the treasure.
(Yuriko: shrieks)
What is she doing?
Of course, of course!
Mail, we must march!
(Shouting)
THE MANSION OF THE MYSTERIOUS ANGELS, (2ND PART)
Hey, guys!
Guys! (shouting)
Is it all right?
Yeah, I think so.
I think we've fallen pretty low.
Genta... Genta!
It's terrible, Genta is not responding.
Genta!
Genta!
Genta!
I want... a bowl of eels with rice...
He-he-he-he.
You understand, since yesterday he hasn't slept a wink.
Genta, we have 9 hours left before the time is up!
What are you saying?
Where... Where are we?
What is this place?
What you said in Tokei is true.
"The mansion of the Lord's angels, it's a gigantic maze."
A labyrinth... A labyrinth?
Now, what are we going to do in here?
Nooo!
Nooo!
It's not fair.
So..., we can't get out of here?
And why do I have to have it?
Mitsuhiko!
It's your fault!
It's true!
You've been showing off your talents to the Yuriko like a hero!
Just know that you've done the same thing I've done, you know?
And Haibara and Ayumi too!
But I... I just wanted to...
And so did you, Conan!
Just because you're a connoisseur of who knows what he gave you to come here!
I could have just watched you two from the outside.
Are you saying it's our fault that they took the Yuriko?
Yes!
Did we fight?
Yes!
Stop it!
I don't want you to fight!
We are friends!
He said it was our fault!
But if the fellows of the Detective League are fighting,
who will help Yuriko?
She has no one.
She's always been alone.
And now she will be too...
-No, it's mine.
-Sorry, it's my fault.
No..., it's my fault.
-What?
Did you ask for forgiveness?
- (at the same time) Eh?
Yes...
But it'll be all right, won't it?
If we join forces, we'll get through a maze or two like this one.
All right, that's the spirit!
Getting little kids to cheer is tricky, isn't it?
It sure is... Hey, Mitsuhiko.
Do you remember which direction the skeleton's head was facing
you found inside the east mansion?
Which direction...?
From what I seem to remember...
This is the south mansion and you enter the mansion this way,
therefore...
It fits here!
It had fallen in the direction of where the fireplace was.
According to Tokei,
some thief must have gotten lost in the labyrinth and died.
"When a person falls face down,
"The head usually looks in the direction in which it is facing."
"In Mitsuhiko he has seen that the skeleton and the chimney were related."
It is almost certain that this maze reaches the east mansion.
Oh!
Conan, you are fantastic!

But the problem is whether we can get there,
before we become skeletons.
The minotaur's labyrinth...
Yes, remember there was one?
In front of the mansion there was a beast half bravo and half human being.
"According to Greek mythology,
"The Minotaur was the son of a queen who was born with the blood of a bull...
"Because the wrath of the gods had fallen upon his father, the king."
"The minotaur became a fearsome being who attacked people."
"And the king locked his son in a labyrinth from which he could not get out."
"This is impossible."
"In here there is that monster?"
(Alas) What matters is what happened next.
The king had 7 children enter the labyrinth every year,
who came from Athens, as an offering.
"And when Theseus, an Athenian hero, heard about this,
"He decided to go into the labyrinth, he annihilated the minotaur...
"And returned from a labyrinth where it was said to be impossible to get out."
-A cabbage?
-It was to use a ball of yarn...
Yes.
One of those round ones?
He tied the end of the ball of the long thread at the entrance
and moved forward as he left the thread behind.
This way, he could always go back.
Now I get it.
Then we can also...
Yes, me too.
Ah, girls don't have to do that.
Oi, Conan?
Oops, looks like we've been through here before!
We shouldn't have turned left before, we should have turned right.
-Mitsuhiko, are you all right?
-Atxim!
Don't worry... This wouldn't be the best time to catch a cold.
Atxim!
Will we have enough of this?
This means that we are getting closer to the exit.
I want to help too!
Ah, excuse me, guys...
No problem!
We'll take care of getting out of here;
you think about all this mystery.
Genta...
Atxim!
That's right!
Everyone should do according to their abilities.
Mitsuhiko.
Guys...
-We've already reached the deadline?
What's wrong?
No, I've already solved the second mystery... but...
(Mitsuhiko) We've found it!
That dead man is over there!
From here on there is only one way!
(Mitsuhiko) Let's go!
(Mitsuhiko) -What fear...
-Ah, we've been saved!
Yuriko!
Yuriko, are you all right?
Is she hurt?
You bastard!
You were planning to kidnap Yuriko in the beginning, weren't you?
No way.
I helped Yuriko because I didn't want her to fall into that trap.
I noticed that he grabbed my arm and I got scared.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
It's because of me that this happened to you.
Apa, what do you say?
It was a lot of fun, wasn't it?
Yes.
We felt like detectives or like we were having an adventure.
Did we?
Yeah, more like yes...
Oi, Conan?
Edogawa, you said you figured out what the next mystery was.
But with 3 hours left, it's impossible to get the treasure.
(At the same time) 3 hours?
"The tail that turns was the mouse, pointing north."
"And the time that points to this term is 12 o'clock at night."
That is, for the door of the north tower to open,
we would have to wait until 12 o'clock and we run out of time at 9 o'clock.
It's not fair!
Tokei had cracked the mystery of the disappearing horns, hadn't he?
That's why he let us be on us,
that we had found the black crystal and helped Yuriko, right?
Thus it hindered our research by making us fall into the labyrinth.
There are 3 hours left, but I wish with all my heart that you will be very successful.
(Dong)
-Thank you.
(Dong) -Thank you.
(Think) "One hour left."
"Isn't there another method to open that angel gate?"
"Everyone is trying so hard. Think... Think..."
"When the bull's horns disappear
"And its tail becomes a head,
"The angel will descend from heaven and play the flute."
"To his tune, we will find the treasure."
"The angel scares me..."
(He thinks) "It can't be! But if it were that...!"
"Sure! It was that! A ladder!"
We'll use the ladder!
You have a ladder, don't you?
The mouse points north, right?
Let's go to the east angel.
The east one!
The east one?
- (Ayumi) Watch out!
- (Genta) Watch out, Conan!
(Thinking) "I suspected as much."

"There's the flute we've been waiting for!"
(He thinks) "Come on, now you have to show it to me, please."
"Do it when the light touches the angel of the north...
"That points to the sign of the mouse."
"The angel will come down from heaven and play the black crystal flute."
"Tell us where we have to look!"
Hey, guys!
I've already found it!
The angel come down from heaven in the forest!
Are you serious?
It's the shadow!
The shadow of the angel playing the flute!
To his melody, we will find our treasure.
It's a little hill next to that burnt hut.
Okay, we still have half an hour.
We still have half an hour.
That's where the angel has come down!
Come on, hurry!
Tokei!
This treasure belongs to Yuriko!
- (Ayumi) What a nerve: taking something from a child.
-No, it's just a misunderstanding, Yuri...
- (Yuriko) Tokei...
Don't bother me.
It's about time!
(Yuriko) Eh?
Another maze?
(Cries)
(At the same time) Oh!
How it shines!
This is the fortune that Goza Isegawa, Yuriko's great-grandfather,
has left for her.
What's that?
The game is over, Tokei? Now you will explain everything?
I had been looking forward to getting this treasure for a long time...
Taking advantage of being a secretary,
he soon learned the mystery and knew everything.
Everything, you say?
But like me, he made a mistake in his deduction.
For he explained the mystery to us well into the afternoon.
"The time has not come to do so."
For if he explained the mystery in the afternoon,
"We should wait until noon the next day to open the north tower."
"And encaraque esbrinéssim the second mystery, that of the north angel,
"We would only have been able to open it at midnight of that day."
So, no matter how hard a person struggles to find out, it will be impossible.
No... It's not true, I didn't...
If he wanted this fortune, he should just check...
if your deductions were correct,
when Mr. Isegawa died, and he would have realized his mistake.
No, he had not yet proved his deductions.
Appropriating someone else's property is a crime.
That's why he wanted to get it officially.
Officially?
That is, in Tokei he is the eighteenth in the fight for this inheritance.
That's why he has been eliminating all the clues?
that would have been left by those who came before him,
watched us, hindered us and waited for his turn.
It is not true!
Mr. Isegawa told me that the mystery was to be explained at 9 o'clock!
Do you think we will believe this?
I believe him!
Because that knife...
"He threw it to warn us of the danger of high voltage."
"The steps he took as he ran away were those of an adult."
And he's the only adult here.
He didn't do it just to keep an eye on us, but to protect us.
"There are even scarier things.
"Sir's security systems."
I don't think in Tokei either... he's a bad person.
-But...
-Yuriko?
Because... that time...
It's clear...
She was a surly person and abandoned the family.
Oh, don't say such things.
The rampant bull wouldn't entrust an important mystery to a stranger,
not even if he was his secretary.
He is a relative of Mr. Isegawa.
A relative of the great-grandfather?
And he was also a man whom Mr. Isegawa detested enough?
to take his name, order him to execute his will...
and to be bound to the mansion until the mystery was solved.
It can only be one person... Am I wrong or is it...?
Don't go any further!
What was driving Tokei to do this was not greed!
It was that.
Is that Yuriko?
You're wrong, that's the granddaughter of Mr. Goza Isegawa.
That is, Tokei's wife.
Father and daughter!
That is to say, he and Yuriko are...
Of all of them, he was the only person with circumstances...
that could justify Mr. Isegawa detesting him so much.
He was the person with whom Yuriko's mother ran away.
Mr. Isegawa had a special soft spot for her mother,
and he was the person who was most affected by her death...
That is why, when I ran away with her....
he tried everything to bring her back to his side.
"At that time, that man had a lot of influence in the underworld,
"and that's why he was capable of anything if he got angry."
"I disappeared from both of their lives when Yuriko was born...
"To protect them."

"I went to Mr. Isegawa
"And swore to work at his command
"In exchange for his forgiveness to appease his anger."
"I served him body and soul."
"Sir, the wind has begun to blow."
"Yes, but when I'm like this I..."
(Children: laugh)
(Tokei) "Then I understood,
"That man loved his family with all his heart."
"But he didn't know how to express his affection."
"He had a difficult character,
"But the rampant bull was a kind old man who wanted to have a family."
Maybe it was an outburst of his own,
but last year he started saying he wanted to make peace with the granddaughter.
I went looking for them and learned that he had died.
"Mr. Isegawa was weakened by the frustration he took.
"And he revealed the will to me."
"You have to announce the mystery at 9 o'clock tonight."
"If you find out you can dispose of it as you wish."
"Forgive me, Matsunaka."
My name is Yoshito Matsunaka and I am Yuriko's father.
That mystery occurred to your mother when she was a child.
-Yes.
-The mother?
That's why the great-grandfather wanted the person who would decipher it...
was the one who carried his granddaughter's blood, that is, you.
Father!
Yuriko... Forgive me... Forgive me, please...
Yuriko...
"The Angel Mansion and the Bull Labyrinth...
"will be turned into a theme park."
"The decision has been made because the Yuriko has said that surely.
"It was great-grandfather's dream."
Haibara...
"It has an effect on me, too."
"It's possible that Mr. Isegawa built that labyrinth in secret
because he wanted the children to have fun.
And at the same time the ties with his family are finally united.
(Think) "The sign of peace? Smile?"
What does this mean?
"Smiling peace?"
This is the posthumous message?
He said he was more concerned about Mizuhara than his life.
More than his life?
I get the meaning of that posthumous message!
And the next Conan: "The man who asked for the ambulance".
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

