Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
A posthumous message that passes understanding.
You have to make an effort today, Takagi!
Solve the case!
He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Excuse me..., who sleeps?
He's going to get sick, man.
Eh?
Oh!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh!
A... an ambulance!
An ambulance!
There's a man on the ground!
He's got blood coming out of his head!
What's that?
Where is it?
This is... this...
Uh... in the town of Beika...
The ambulance is really late.
Why doesn't it come right away?
This was in front of the station,
so if they don't come, I'll be the one to go!
THE MAN WHO ASKED FOR THE AMBULANCE
(Man) Yes, that's right!
The man who found the victim has disappeared from the scene!
(He thinks) "The person who found her has disappeared?"
I'm telling you, he has fled!
Send a code 119 right away!
What do you want?
Yes, sir!
Hey, Inspector, maybe they're looking for me?
You were the person who found her and disappeared?
No, don't get confused, I... I didn't disappear.
I went to ask for an ambulance!
Oh, to ask for an ambulance?
It wasn't necessary.
The victim has long since stopped breathing.
Yes, sir.
She died after she was hit with a sharp object to the back of the head.
I thank you for coming, but it's too late.
I find it very strange that you bothered to call for an ambulance
when it wasn't necessary...
-Wait a minute.
-The name!
-The name!
How do you say it!
-How could I know if he was dead?
Hiro Hiromatsu..., Mr. Inspector!
"What an arrogant investigator you have..."
Hurry up!
Write down your address, name, age, occupation...
Don't leave anything out.
No matter how you read it, you always see Hiro Hiromatsu.
What a ridiculous name.
I can't do anything, that's my name, Mr. inspector.
Eh?
And your profession... "humorist"?
Your name doesn't ring a bell.
It's just that I'm not very successful.
(laughs)
It's funny that the first person who found it is so ridiculous.
I feel sorry for the deceased.
(Thinking) "What is this supposed to be? Peace! This."
"What? He smiled and made 'peace'?"
Does it have any particular meaning, this?
-Yes.
-Huh?
Ah, you've already filled it in?
Let's see.
Mmmm?
What's wrong?
You, Iwai, Hirano!
Start collecting testimonials right away!
It was this man.
Do it!
(At the same time) Yes, sir.
What's wrong?
Did I write anything wrong, sir?
"Oh! It's the Takagi investigator!"
I'm Takagi, from headquarters.
Ta... Takagi?
Hi-Hiromatsu?
What are you doing here?
I'm at Sakurada, East Beika Police Station.
Do you know this man?
Not long ago he collaborated with us to catch a robber.
What are you doing here?
Yes, it's me.
While I was running I found a dead person...
-You really just found him?
-You were the first to find him?
What do you mean by this?
It seems that Mr. Sakurada is suspicious of this boy.
Conan, what are you doing here?
But what does this mean, inspector Sakurada?
How come he suspects Hiromatsu?
Suspecting the one who found the body!
It's the basis of every investigation.
But-but I'm not the culprit!
I know the kind of person he is in Hiromatsu, but come on....
I have reason to suspect this man.
Did you call me?
I'm Yukiko Yasunaga of the Yasunaga Agency, sir.
I'm from Sakurada, East Beika Police Station.
And you are?
You're Mr. Ryoji Mizuhara, right?
That's right, the actor!

She appears in TV series.
I am at Mizuhara.
Mr. Okubo was the manager representing Mr. Mizuhara.
Mr. Okubo?
Iwao Okubo is the dead person.
Please come and identify the victim.
What the fuck does that mean?
(Think) "Oh. Is he smiling?"
"The sign of peace?"
-What do you say?
-There's no doubt about it.
Yes, it's the Okubo, my manager, for sure.
-I wouldn't know how to explain it.
-Hiromatsu, what are you doing here?
You know him, this man... Mr. Mizuhara?
He's my neighbor.
We live next door to each other.
That's good.
I get it... So that's it?
I was told over the phone
that yesterday the Okubo was working late into the night.
Yes, he was in my apartment until recently.
He came to see me last night.
"He was telling me about the next job I had to do."
"Then he went to 2/4 of 4 to catch the first train."
Mr. Okubo, who had left Mr. Mizuhara's apartment,
"He walked this way to get to the station at 4:40 in the morning."
This is 10 minutes after he has left Mr. Mizuhara's lime.
Not found, however, according to the wound,
it is likely that the murder weapon is an iron pipe.
And after 20 minutes, at 5 o'clock, you have found the body while running, right?
That's right... Yes.
The apartments are all 2 to the fourth district and the station is here.
Since the fire department is across the street,
your situation would roughly indicate like this.
Listen Takagi, before... I have left the conversation halfway,
but now I'll explain why I consider him to be the suspect.
Has Mr. Okubo died?
-No, it's not true!
-Did you do it?
First of all, because he is the first one who found the corpse!
When someone commits a murder,
you never know if they've left any traces behind.
But if he's the first person to find the body,
he can always say that he dropped it on the ground when he found the body!
It's not true...
Next, you have decided to go and ask for an ambulance.
This is not a normal thing to do.
If you went there to ask for an ambulance, it must have been for another reason.
What do you mean by this, sir?
- (mobile)
-For example...
I'm at Sakurada's place.
(Sakurada) "Have you found the murder weapon?"
(Man) We have no doubt.
It has hairs stuck to it and the blood hasn't dried yet.
Yes, we've found it, sir.
Kamitakada Bridge... I thought so.
Good work!
Kamitakada Bridge?
The cross between the scene and the place you went to is.
You didn't run there to ask for an ambulance.
"You did it to get rid..."
...of the murder weapon at that point!
This is insane!
Why on earth would that person want to murder?
Naturally, there must be some reason!
Even though he's a talented comedian, he's not successful at all!
Taking advantage of the fact that Mizuhara's career manager...
"He dropped by from time to time,
"He asked the Okubo to introduce him to some work,
"but he didn't listen to him and got angry."
Wait a minute.
And the victim's posthumous message indicates that you are the killer!
"A posthumous message?"
So...
I'm referring to the very strange circumstances in which he passed away.
Laughing while making the peace sign.
That was a posthumous message?
The name of the murderer tells us everything!
And this is... Look, that!
"Smiling Paul?"
Wow, I knew you were a comedian,
but do you really have that stage name?
But I'm not a killer!
Believe me, Takagi!
Say, and you can't prove your alibi?
Alibi?
What alibi?
If she was murdered at 04:40,
I was still in my room.
I came out of the apartment just before 5 o'clock,
I started running and I found her!
That is, as long as it can be proved.
How can you prove that a person who lives alone was at home?
Come to think of it, shortly after Mr. Okubo returned....
"When I was already planning to go to sleep
"And I had set the alarm clock,"
I felt the water running in the neighbor's sink.
Hey, and you felt this water at 04:40, right?
I'm sure you did.

All right, you've got your alibi confirmed.
Yes.
"Why are you making this face?"
Excuse me... Shall I get back to my business?
That this happened to the Okubo,
who took care of you like a father, must have been a shock.
You can go now, can't you?
We'll come back to ask you to answer a few questions,
but for now...
Excuse me, can I go too?
No, we haven't asked him yet...
under what... circumstances did you find the body!
He-he-he!
Yes, it's true.
(Mobile)
Mmmm?
Mm... Are you, uh, quite sure?
(Cell phone ringing) Okay!
(Cell phone ringing) Good job.
I'm sorry, but your alibi fell apart in short order.
When I became suspicious of you,
I rushed them
to see if there was any evidence to give you away.
You appear on the security camera of the supermarket in the third district.
"And you were seen passing by at 4:30 in the morning."
Forgive me!
I lied to you, yes,
I left the apartment before 2/4 of 5 to go jogging!
But, Hiromatsu!
But if I told the truth, I should have said that I was the murderer!
You lied to despair?
That's why you made a strange face before.
Because I don't know if he got confused or if he got the wrong idea,
but I didn't expect Mizuhara to make this comment.
Your desperate lie and Mr. Mizuhara's mistake?
just happened to coincide.
If he really is innocent, he shouldn't have lied.
Hey, come with us to the police station, Hiro Hiromatsu.
No, Smiling Wife!
But..., Takagi!
The issue of motive and getting rid of the murder weapon,
are just Sakurada's guesses.
The problem is that posthumous message.
In Smiling Pau.
It's already a coincidence that it's his stage name.
I don't know if Mr. Okubo knew about it, that... I didn't know it.
But his neighbor, in Ryoji Mizuhara, did.
I didn't pay much attention to Mr. Mizuhara,
"But he used to be on TV a lot."
"He was the seductive and attractive leading man who never smiled."
I'm worried about him in Hiromatsu, so I'll go too.
"Paul Smiling..."
"The smile and the peace sign... The smile... What if it was...?"
Uh... you are...?
My name is Conan Edogawa.
Tell me, Conan, what have you come here for?
It's just that the investigator Takagi asked me to ask you.
Last night, what did the Okubo explain to Mizuhara?
Ah, you mean his next work project?
Yes, what will the new work he will have to do be like?
The new project he'll have to do is....
"I thought so!"
"I've already solved the mystery of that posthumous message!"
"And the real murderer... is that person!"
Miss Yasunaga?
You mean the president of the agency?
Yes, she told me to tell you something...
that will be useful for the investigation.
"The new project you'll have to do is... smile."
"Smile?"
"We had sold Ryoji Mizuhara as the seductive...
"And attractive who never smiled,
"But that avenue is now completely exhausted."
"That's why I'm sure the Okubo came to see him...
"To propose that he should now be known by his smile."
"Because when Ryoji Mizuhara smiles, he is very attractive."
That he now uses his smile?
Yes!
But if I asked that of Mr. Mizuhara...
you put him in a compromise, don't you think?
More than putting him in a compromise, I'd say he should get angry, wouldn't you?
They were telling him to do the opposite of what he'd been doing so far.
It can't be!
Besides, he said that Mr. Okubo was very fond of Mr. Mizuhara.
"Actually, Mr. Okubo was sick."
"He was told he only had six months to live."
"He should be admitted to the hospital,
"But he wanted Mr. Mizuhara, whom he had taken care of,
"to regain the popularity he had before."
"Even if this consumed him, he was fighting for Mizuhara."
More than his own life?
In this case, I already understand the meaning of the posthumous message!
Really?
If my deduction is correct,
this crime is very, very sad.
(Thinking) "Exactly. This crime isn't funny at all."
(Sakurada) What's wrong?

Why have you gathered us at the scene?
The real killer was not Hiromatsu.
It was someone else.
First I will talk about how he got rid of the murder weapon.
After committing the murder, the criminal ran away.
Now, in which direction did he run away?
At Kamitakada Bridge, where the weapon was found, he is going that way.
But this does not mean that the murderer chose this way to flee.
It is possible that he fled in that direction.
Yes, sure, that way!
So that the murderer wanted...
the police to look in the opposite direction to the one he had fled.
Ah, that's right...
It's a hoax for children.
The person who killed her lived in this neighborhood, right?
Right?
Yes, it was that way, the way to Mizuhara's apartment!
Right, yes.
I will now explain how the alibi was set up.
Based on the information we have,
this crime was committed in a fit of rage,
the murderer had nothing prepared, but he had a good idea.
You lied out of desperation, didn't you?
Well, the murderer tried to use this lie.
What do you mean by that?
There is a person who has followed the beta with your lie.
Yes...
Mr. Ryoji Mizuhara,
the one who really murdered Mr. Okubo is you!
"I thought I heard water running in the neighbor's sink."
That was no mistake or false impression of yours.
Witnessing, however, would make us all think...
that at that hour we were also placing you in your apartment.
Last night, the Okubo proposed you his next job...
which is this: that you wear your smile.
"But you had clung to the image you had,
"that of the seductive, attractive leading man who didn't smile,
"And that proposition did not amuse you."
You thought that if things went on like that
you would be forced to follow a path you didn't want to follow.
Am I wrong?
It's impossible for me to smile like a fool!
Absolutely impossible!
Mizuhara, you have died Mr. Okubo?!
This morning, you followed the Okubo when he was coming home.
You're absolutely right, Mr. Investigator.
But... but how did the victim die in such a strange way?
Just as you suspected, Mr. Sakurada,
that was the victim's posthumous message.
But it did not refer to Smiling Paul.
It was a smile and a sign of victory.
That was the Okubo's last message to Mizuhara.
(Takagi) "Mr. Mizuhara, I wanted to tell you this:
" 'Mizuhara, smile, sell for your smile."
" 'Your smile is wonderful..."
I didn't know that.
It's ridiculous!
Where has it been seen that the victim of a murder encourages the attacker?
Yes, it can be!
Mr. Okubo was so much for you
and because things will go well for you that he even did this.
Even if it consumed... what little life he had left.
All he did was to think about you all the time...
(Cries)
Okubo...
Mr. Mizuhara, you must pay for your crime...
and rebuild your life for Mr. Okubo..,
who thought of you until the last moment.
Well, then...
Please come and explain everything in more detail at the police station.
Sakurada!
In Hiromatsu.
Apologize to Hiromatsu, please!
Apologize to him for suspecting him!
He lied about his alibi.
And, obviously, lying is not a good thing to do.
But if what's in front of you pressures you to lie,
you also have a part of responsibility in all this that has happened, sir.
Am I wrong, Sakurada?
Suspect what the body finds.
This is a basic concept...
But falling into extreme orthodoxy also makes us see what is not.
This is a lesson for oneself.
A policeman should never go with presupòsits.
Absolutely never!
Never, being?
Understood.
You are right.
-Goodbye...
-No problem...
Investigator Takagi..., thank you very much.
This is justice.
"Investigator Takagi, you've become a real gentleman."
When I was told that the smile with the victory sign
I thought it was all over for me.
That interpretation had no head or tail.

And I'm pretty sure that Mr. Okubo didn't know...
that there was a humorist with the stage name of Smiling Peace.
Don't even the people in the trade know me?
Well, what a success...
Cheer up, Hiromatsu!
(Shinichi voice) Hattori, the mood has suddenly changed, hasn't it?
Mister Masakage...
(Woman: shrieks and cries)
And the next Conan:
"The magic of Conan's deductions and in Heiji, (The tricks)."
Ashita ga mienai Mainichi ni
Anata wo suki ni Natte yokatta.
Zutter wakaranai kimochi de itai
hibikiau ima wo tomete.
Futari ni naru no ga kowakatta
hito to kako wa kaerarenai keredo
jibun no koto mira no yume wa kaete... yukeru.
Anata shika mienai
kureyuku machi setsunasa ga tsunoru,
yawarakana kaze no naka Zutter
shinjiainagara Futari itsumademo jyun buraido...
Y ll be with you...

