Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
A very serious case in the house of magicians.
In Conan and Heiji they guess the tricks, mechanisms and set-ups.
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"At the show of the famous magician dogo Hoshikawa,
"We were invited to go to the legendary magician Mr. Masakage's house."
"That day just happened to be the tenth anniversary of the day
"The day that Mister Masakage had disappeared."
"The disciples of the magician were gathered there."
If it is true that we will do a show all together,
the number I will choose to do will be "the rebirth of the witch".
I will hold up a cross in the middle of the audience and make the audience wait...
until they have hung me from the cross.
Then they will set fire to it and my body will disappear in the flames,
and I will rise again from the ashes.
It is an unbeatable number.
What's the matter?
Has the lamp burned out?
Ah, I've found it!
(They call)
THE MAGIC OF THE DEDUCTIONS OF EN Heijō AND EN CONAN, (THE HOUSE)
(Ran and Kazuha: call out)
What happened?
What are those screams?
They're coming from the second floor.
The Tenko is very bad!
-What do you mean?
-Blood is pouring from her head and she's not moving.
It's bad.
She's already cold.
It can't be...
-It can't be!
-Oh!
Tenko!
It looks like she stopped breathing more than half an hour ago.
No.
In Hoshikawa with them.
Did you two find her?
I was going to get an ambulance and call the police.
It's over there.
You guys listen to me and hurry up!
Hurry up, please!
Yes.
Yes...
Hey, look at that, Hattori.
The window is open.
If he jumped over the vegetation to break his fall,
he may have fled out the back door.
-Hey?
What happened?
-Heiji..., come here for a moment!
The room next to Tenko's place is a mess.
What's in this room?
What's the meaning of this?
It's a library where the master kept all the documentation
about magic that he had collected while traveling all over the world.
-No.
-Is there anything of value?
Mostly magazine clippings or publication books.
The master had taught it to us very often.
There were some files that even I was forbidden to look at.
"The notes from Masakage",
where he explained at length the original magic tricks
that Mr. Masakage had conceived and constantly wrote down.
(Think) "The notes of en Masakage"?
When did you get here?
Eh?
Hattori, is that you?
Tonight, gentlemen!
We had come to see a magic show.
So that someone wanted to feel bewitched by the mystery.
The things of a sunny chard that has made me go.
Do not call me "sunny chard", you fool!
What worries me most is that I'll find you at every crime scene.
Why do I pay in this house?
So that the master of the 3 magicians, who lives here,
invited us to come and then one of them died.
So, that woman who died was also a magician?
Tenko Himemiya.
She is quite famous abroad.
Just now we were talking about putting on a show between the three of us.
We didn't imagine this would happen.
Which of you found the body?
Well, me and those girls over there.
We had finished preparing dinner and we came to warn Tenko.
She said she would be here, in her master's room...
And when we came, there was nothing in the hallway,
but when I went to turn on the light,
there was a sudden blackout, and when the light came back on...
we... found that poor Tenko was lying there on the floor, motionless.

Oooh...
The fact that the hallway was dark was the killer's doing.
The only lights he let out were the ones in this hallway.
So... if someone came along and tried to turn on the lights,
it would cause a blackout.
I've been looking at the switch and they had been tampering with it.
In the library next door there were important documents
and there is no window where you could get out.
Also, the fact that the window in the teacher's room was open,
means that the murderer, who would have come in to steal the notes..,
has left it wide open to flee.
You said to flee?
That's right.
If there is a blackout,
you have to go to the second floor, where the differentials are, right?
"I had planned to take advantage of that moment to climb out of the window."
But the culprit's expectations have not been met.
Normally, in this house, only the lady lives alone,
but today no less than 7 guests came.
And, what's more, Tenko had not touched the switch,
"And when she went to the library, she saw him there."
"So she killed him on impulse."
"Then, as he thought he couldn't find the notes...
"And he searched desperately through the library, leaving everything in a mess,
"Kazuha and the others came to warn Tenko."
The blackout has occurred, he has left the body in the hallway and fled.
With everyone keeping an eye on Tenko, he bought time to flee.
Indeed...
You'd think that whoever wanted the notes was an outsider,
but there might be an exception.
An exception?
That in Hoshikawa it was the assassin who had tampered with the switch.
While the blackout lasted, as you were here, you could go...
take the body, which you should have hidden in the library,
you should have left it in the hallway and you should have come back with the girls.
It's too easy.
It's impossible!
I couldn't have done it, could I?
Because...
While the blackout lasted, we hugged each other in Hoshikawa...
- (at the same time) Why?
-What did you hug?
It was dark and we were afraid, right?
Like why?
Is it true?
Wasn't he the one who hugged you?
That's a lie!
Look, Heiji...
I've taken Hoshikawa's arm like that.
I took the Kazuha's arm like this.
You see, I couldn't have done it?
When that happened with the Araide, we were the same, weren't we, Conan?
You fools?
You shouldn't get like that to make it dark!
Easy, Heiji!
What are you doing.
They are girls and they are like that.
(thinks) "What do you think?"
By the way, where were you during the blackout?
I was napping in the room downstairs in the library.
And then the light went out
when I opened the door of that room to wake up in Kanda.
It was also impossible for you to commit the crime.
The hypothesis that it is someone from outside is gaining strength.
But tell me, what are these important notes?
They were the notes in Masakage,
a volume in which his original magic tricks were recounted.
Oh!
I had seen Mr. Masakage many, many times when I was a child!
"He and his beautiful assistant were a very famous duo!"
(Takagi) "It was amazing magic!"
(Takagi) "I've heard of it too!"
Although I remember now!
I was that assistant, you know, Inspector?
(Takagi) Oh!
Really? (Takagi)
And him, where is he?
Hello?
I could have sworn he'd disappeared.
At least, that's what I understand.
Is that so?
Is that so?
Yes, 10 years ago around this time.
Since he was a quiet person
who impulsively went to faraway places,
I didn't worry too much at first, but...
Half a year went by and in Hoshikawa, in Kanda and Tenko...,
who had lived in this house, also left.
And we met again after 10 years.
Did you invite them to come?
No, it was me...
I wanted us to talk to put on a show between the 3 of us.
But every year at this time of the year I come here...
to enjoy the lady's home cooking.
Let's see, there was no one known to Mr. Masakage who hated her?
If we take into account what was said just now,
there's a very good chance that the murderer was someone...

that he knew you lived alone;
and that you knew the layout of the rooms by heart.
Also, regarding the volume with the tricks, it must be very valuable.
Maybe it's one of the people here.
But Master Masakage was not the kind of person who would have enemies.
Now that you mention it, there was a person....
A man who came countless times to see my husband.
"He thought he was a fan.
"And he led him to the room, but inside..."
"Where are you! Come out, let him see you!"
"You're a damned impostor who stole my magic!"
He started screaming in a way.... Didn't he, that he had spoken to you?
Uh, yes, he might as well have.
What kind of man was he?
That was 5 years ago, so I don't remember much.
After that, I had the impression...
that the arrangement of the objects in the house had changed slightly...
Eh?
Ran, what's wrong?
That the layout had changed?
No, nothing...
It seems to me that between before and after the discovery of the body
something was different.
Kazuha, do you think so too?
Ran, do you think so too?
Yes, but I don't know what it is...
I'll call Shinichi and ask him.
Didn't you say it came up as an unknown number?
Yes, but he told me.
"I'm sold! I haven't turned off the phone yet."
Why don't you ask him?
At Kudo he's smart as a whip!
I'm sure if you tell him about the case he'll cooperate with en Heiji.
I'm sorry, but... I'll keep this cell phone until we solve the case.
Heiji!
Cheeky!
Return the cell phone to the Ran!
Now you'll tell me the truth of this case, clever Kudo.
But you've explained it before, the truth of the case.
Liar!
Surely you also have, of things that do not t'encaixen.
Well, yes, some of them.
First of all, why the murderer has chosen this day.
Yes.
Today will be 10 years since Mr. Masakage disappeared from the map.
If the murderer knew what was the interior layout of this house,
he was also informed that every year, in Kanda he came around this time.
and that the lady would not be alone...
Secondly, what happened to the blood that must have come out....
"When did he hit the Tenko?"
"He has hit her in the library or in the hallway. But there is no blood."
For a crime committed on an impulse, the fact that he was found....,
I think that too much evidence has been eliminated.
That there is blood between the tiles and on the column is quite strange.
Is there still something else?
And thirdly...
It's the Kazuha...
I don't know what it is exactly, but it gets on my nerves.
First annoying and then getting noticed....
When I look at her I get frantic and can't concentrate.
What should she do?
What should she do?
I wonder if, before teasing and making herself noticed,
she was attached to someone else or took the side of another man.
Yes, of course!
That's it!
Is it a possibility?
You're the best, Kudo!
Eh?
Eh?
Kudo?
"Hattori! Zote!"
Ah..., no, I didn't say that.
Wha... Funny, it's funny.
Yesterday at noon it was 39 degrees, it was hot enough to dehydrate you!
This morning at the airport reception they had said something.
Let's see... Have you found out anything, Kudo...?
Kudo?
Hattori...
You...
are a boy...
"A boy?"
A boy calls me a boy?!
How can you talk to me like that!
Hey, don't get upset, Heiji!
Why do you get angry with a child like that?
Conan will suffer, poor thing...
This one, suffer?
No way!
He always says ridiculous things out of place, the big mouth!
"It's you, who says ridiculous things."
Tell me, aside from Mr. Hoshikawa and Mr. Kanda,
were there any other magicians who often came to see you at home?
I don't know...
Like before my husband disappeared,
quite a few people came to the house... I couldn't tell you.
There were even people I had met
when I was working on the construction project of this house.
I would invite them over because I was proud of the house.
Gee, this house, your husband built it?
Yes, as long as he was at home, he was always doing magic shows for the guests.

This rumor was spreading and we always had many visitors.
The number that was very popular was the Christmas tree.
When Christmas came, in the middle of a big crowd...
Eh?
Nothing happened?
No, nothing... Forgive me, please.
I was talking about things that have nothing to do with it.
What kind of magic act were you doing?
Uh... well...
That number could only be explained by the master.
And now that he has disappeared, that means that we have lost...
the knowledge of those techniques, of those assemblies...
Would you mind telling us more details about the suspect who came here?
That man said that your husband, Mr. Masakage..,
was an impostor who had stolen his magic.
I should examine your volume with all the tricks,
amply explained in Masakage's notes.
"If this person has entered the house in order to get the notes,"
that is deposited in the library,
the Tenko has found her there removing everything
and murdered her so that she would not say anything.
There would be no doubt that the murderer would be the same man.
How tall was he or what was his face like?
Does he remember anything?
Let's see..., I don't remember very well...
Do you at least know if he was Japanese or not?
Uh, yes, he was fluent in Japanese and also had black hair.
Since he wore a cap, I couldn't tell you how he wore his hair.
And then... he wore sunglasses and I didn't see his eyes either.
And he had a mustache, so I don't know what his features were.
But I think he was taller than me, I'm not sure.
Mmmm... hat, sunglasses, mustache....
He could also be a person in disguise, right?
Probably.
Still, have you checked if Mr. Masakage's notes have been stolen?
No... I understand they were kept in the library..,
but I don't really know where it is...
And couldn't it be that the teacher had taken it?
Why don't you show us a photo album?
An album?
If so many guests were coming, maybe he must have had some pictures taken, right?
It could be that this man was among these guests!
That's right... Madam..., where do you keep the photo albums?
They are in my husband's room.
What's the meaning of this?
The door is recessed against the wall, but why?
As you were saying you wanted to make the room more spacious,
he made the hallway narrower, you know?
What an exaggeration.
It seems that the master was not an architectural genius.
You can say that again.
Yes?
Hey, Kudo...
What's he doing, you guys?
Don't come in, huh?
Hey, yeah... He-he-he...
What, ma'am?
Find someone who looks like the man who came here 5 years ago?
No, not yet...
Wow, that's nothing, there's a lot of albums!
Hey, Heiji!
Searching for him among all these people will be very difficult.
(thinks) "Bleda! What we're looking for is..."
I've found it!
This was... the number of the Christmas tree.
Also, the tree was the same place where Tenko's body was.
There's something about it that...
Oh!
Kudo, look at this picture.
The 3 disciples when they were younger.
Hey.
This means that...
That lady is very suspicious.
Wait a minute, what's suspicious?
Ah, it's... it's the thing over there.
What's on the ceiling.
This is a projector screen, right?
I don't see anything strange.
It's just that those kind of screens are usually put on a wall.
As if they were glued.
It's easier to look at.
But it's not like that here.
It's quite separate from the wall.
Isn't that strange?
Now that you mention it, yes, it is strange.
That's no ordinary screen.
It's got a series of perforations that allow someone to walk through it.
Yes, I'm sure you've seen it often.
A projected image becomes a real person.
Ah, yes, yes, there are many of these!
Well, this one is for rehearsing this.
That's why it's not nailed to the wall.
What memories, in the old days we used to gather here and rehearse all together.
But now they are all fabulous magicians
and this room is no longer used.
-If we can display the activity we do now, it is thanks to the master and this room,
it's thanks to the teacher and this room.

Magic always works with some setups,
but there needs to be practice.
If you have good results and the public doesn't notice the trick...
it is because it has been rehearsed over and over again.
Wow, I'm surprised that the screen is perforated.
These things are not noticeable at all.
Years ago, like today, we came to this room every day.
We had to avoid making mistakes when it was time to leave the room.
and check that no shadows were created.
Of course!
The shadow!
The shadow?
That's right, the shadow of the vase looked different!
The shadow of the vase looked different!
The shadow of the vase?
The first time, the moonlight was touching it from behind...
(Kazuha) "And you couldn't see the drawings on the vase."
(Kazuha) "But after the blackout, when we found the Tenko,
"The light touched him from the side and you could see the drawings!"
It is impossible for the moon to move so fast!
"The shadow of the vase..."
"The moonlight... The vase..."
"In this case, is it someone from outside?"
(Heiji) Because he understood everything.
Let's see, but why did he lie?
When he has seen the place where the body has been deposited
and the circumstances in that they have found it...
(They call)
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
There is nothing...
It has disappeared?
And the next Conan:
"The magic of Conan's deductions and in Heiji, (The solution)."
Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo
Nando mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...
Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

