Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are culprits or actors.
Today's setting is a seaside resort town.
Behind some letters hides a surprising secret!
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Beautiful beetle, beautiful beetle!
Come, come, come here, let me catch you!
Ay...
Here there is habran?
Coi!
Oh...
Why the hell do we have to go looking for... beetles, in this hot weather?
Mitsuhiko..., are there really bean beetles here?
Wait a moment, please.
I'm looking at it.
What a nerve, you're littering!
We're in the mountain...!
(Agasa) It's inevitable.
The people of the village share the cleaning tasks,
but last night they had a party,
and there were more people than usual.
Yes, it's Tento's party.
A feast?
They parade a chariot of the god Yaoyoruzu all over town!
See that temple over there?
The chariot comes out of the arcade at the entrance!
They light it up with colors, and behind it they shoot fireworks.
It's wonderful!
One of those things worth seeing!
Doctor, did you come last night?
Ah, no... it's just that... He-he-he-he...
(All) What?
Why didn't you take us to see the party?
-We wanted to see the fireworks.
-No right, he saw it alone!
Eh?
THE SURPRISING ENIGMA OF THE ARCADE OF THE TEMPLE, (PART 1)
It's just that I had some complicated engagements.
Right, Ai?
Aaaah... Yes.
Thanks to you, I didn't get enough sleep today.
(Thinking) "What are you saying? If you don't get enough sleep."
You both came here?
What you came here to do?
Ah!
You came here to catch beetles?
Well, let's say, let's say yes.
Eh?
But we haven't seen any stag beetles or goliath beetles.
If you're looking wildly for them, you won't find a way through.
We don't look for them wildly!
Stag beetles like these kinds of trees: oaks and holm oaks.
But do something, Mitsuhiko.
Touch the soil on the side of the vine.
Isn't it hard?
Yes...
Also, there's garbage on the ground, but no fallen leaves,
and there are no trees with dry leaves either, right?
Fledgling deer live in a spongy soil covered with decaying leaves
covered with decaying leaves,
and the goliath beetle hatchlings, the dry trees.
That's why in a forest like this one,
hard soil and where they collect leaves, it's hard to find.
You know a lot of things!
Well, if you want to find,
we can look in that patch of forest where we've pitched our tent.
That's great!
We could go at dawn.
We eat well and go to sleep!
But don't get your hopes up!
The best season for collecting beetles...
is from the end of June until the Day of the Dead, in August.
It's been cool, and the beetles may not want to come out of the burrow.
-Come on, don't make that pitiful face.
- (at the same time) What?
In return, I have prepared a treasure for you to find.
(At the same time) A treasure?
Yes, something that you like very much.
And where is it, this treasure?
To go and look for it, first of all... surprise!
You will have to decipher this enigma!
-... campaign...
- One, a tent...
...in a crustacean"?
But what is this?
Crustaceans are those that when you touch them they close, right?
But on top of that you can put a tent?
Maybe you mean a ladybug....
Hm.
I don't quite get the meaning.
-Exactly.
-In these cases...
-More like yes.
-Right?
Let's ask Conan.
What?
What?
Hey, hey, hey!
No way!
You can't ask the Edogawa for help!
Haibara, why is that?
It's not right to depend on others.
By tire and Rumi for a while, I'm sure you'll find it!

And if not, wash your face and start again.
-... that we start over...
-But even if you tell us...
Doctor, you're so mean!
Shinichi... I wanted to ask you something.
Could you sneak over to the riddle place and make sure everything's all right?
Yes.
It's just that if we go to Ay or I, they'll find out what the riddle means.
Ouch.
He-he-he-he!
Don't tell me you can't figure out my riddle!
Well no, is there anything wrong?
Huh?
Is it really?
This is thanks to the fact that Ay...
collaborated with his intelligence.
Don't fall into the trap, doctor.
This is an absurd compliance that you do him out of courtesy
and giving you credit for your work.
Are you sure about that?
If it weren't for that,
I wouldn't say that you don't know how to solve this code to trick some creatures.
Am I not right, Holmes of our century?
"This aunt gets on my nerves."
-So you're like us!
You don't understand the riddle either, Conan?
I'm calmer.
After all, we are from the first grade!
Ah, well, it happens that I still don't have the answer...
Crustaceans are not insects,
it is the term used to refer to a type of animal,
like crabs or lobsters, which have a hard shell.
Now, when people go camping, what do they do?
They get into a tent, which could be compared to the shell.
Wow! (At the same time) And then?
(At the same time) And then?
(At the same time) So?
Well..., well then....
Well, with these elements in common...
Not even putting something next to each other I can think how to solve it.
(Mobile: zzz!)
(Thinking) "It's a message."
Well, we'll talk about the message later.
Conan!
But it's from Sonoko.
A photograph?
"Eh? What's this? But... What does this mean?"
(Pip-pip)
"This time it's a call... It's from Ran!"
"Let's see, the transformer, the transformer..."
-What the hell is he supposed to do, Conan?
-I don't know.
(Shinichi voice) Hello, Ran.
What's wrong?
"For this, forgive me, Shinichi."
Sonoko wanted to play a joke on you and sent you a picture of me.
Please delete it!
Don't even think about erasing it, I took it!
It's a special supersexi photo of Ran!
Stop it, Sonoko!
What a thing to say!
"A special supersexi photo...?"
"So... this photo... is it Ran?"
"Now we've really made it good!"
"The Ran and Sonoko were going to the beach."
Conan, who are you talking to, on the phone?
Eh, Conan?
"Conan is here with you?"
They shouted a certain Kona, one that was going with a powder!
It's just that the case has to do with drugs.
Don't get involved in anything that's too dangerous.
All right, well, if it's nothing important.
Well, if it's nothing important, I'm hanging up.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
The photo...
"Yes, woman! If I erase it, you'll be calm, right? Goodbye."
"Save, save..."
"But if he catches me with it, he'll have found me out."
Hey!
I found the crustacean!
Eh?
Where did you find it?
You must have knocked over a boulder and it came out, right?
No!
You're wrong!
I found it!
On the other side of the forest!
You found it?
Are you serious, Genta?
That's it, we've arrived!
Look, it's over there!
Look at it!
- (Ayumi) The Crustacean Spa.
-Doesn't it say "crustacean"?
I had heard of a spa resort with a similar name, but...
This spa hotel is in pieces...
The sign is out of place.
I'm sure there's a tent in this inn!
Yes, it's the key to decipher the mystery of that riddle!
(Ayumi) Let's go and see what's there?
- (at the same time) Yes!
-(Ayumi) Let's go!
Where do they get so much vitality?
(Ayumi) "I don't think it won't do me any good, go, but..."
Gee, that's strange...
I was sure that we would find something, in this spa.
There was no store, and besides, the inn was a wreck.
-There was no one there.
How did it go?
Have you given up already?
Hm... Yes.
-Let them let us see the treasure. -It's a shame, but yes.
-It's a pity, but yes.
Okay, okay, okay, okay!
Actually, this coded message...
Wait, doctor!
There's one who won't give up, though.
(Genta) Come on, Conan... Surrender at once!
Sometimes you have to lose too.
But it is very rare.
Conan likes coded messages, and he understands them immediately.

You must not have caught a heat stroke?
It's just that...
This has no emotion... if the thing is not related to some case.
-The phone?
- (mobile: pip)
(Pip)
(Pip)
"It's back to being the Ran."
(Pip)
(Pip)
"Coi, and now why should you call me?"
"Shinichi!"
(Shinichi voice) Yes, Ran, say.
Please help us!
"They've murdered a person, and now they've attacked me and the Sonoko!"
Wait a minute!
Are you telling me that now you ran away from this murderer?
No, we are fine...
He didn't hurt us and now we're with some policemen.
"Let's see, and what have they killed?"
A certain Miyama who was in the same hotel as us!
And he wants to kill you because he saw her?
We didn't see it happen.
We found out about the murder
when we realized that the police had come.
You were attacked even though the police were in the hotel?
No, they attacked us a while ago, in the street, when we were on our way to the police station.
"Was he the author of the murder?"
We did not see who it was.
"He grabbed the bag from the Sonoko in one go and fled,
"So it could be a common thief."
Why were you going to the police station at night?
Because Sonoko said that on the window of the hotel room of the man who died.
of the man who died had some strange letters written on it.
and we were going to inform the police.
Hm.
It's kind of an enigma.
Strange letters?
What's that?
How can you be happy?
A riddle?
Oh, excuse me...
I tell you that a person has died!
Hey, and what letters were written.
From what Sonoko said, they were letters in red,
as if they were made with lipstick.
There were 4 letters of the Latin alphabet
written from left to right: T, E, I, U.
T, E, I, U?
Sonoko thought it was probably a message from the victim.
Not likely at all!
He wanted to refer to the meaning of "Teiu", which means "i.e.".
But he could not finish the message!
So-Sonoko.
Maybe he wanted to say....:
"I mean, this is murder!"
Wha...?
What s'empatolla?
"I mean, this is murder"?
Apa!
Sonoko, don't talk nonsense!
I'm not talking nonsense!
I'm saying that this Miyama person has been murdered by someone,
and that on the window of her room appeared the letters
which in Japanese is a way of naming things, "i.e.".
He left these letters so that he wanted to refer to something.
Also, when he was talking to us this noon in Miyama, he used this expression all the time,
he used this expression all the time.
Therefore, the letters mean: "That is, this is murder."
It could be that the I was a lowercase ele in the Latin alphabet.
A she?
Now that you mention it... It could be that, too...
But what does it mean, if it's a she?
Did you notice if the left side of the fourth letter, the U,
was shorter than the right one?
There was written a 'shi' from the hiragana syllabary?
Now that you mention it... Yes, it could also be.
Now put the syllable after the sequence "tel" and continue thinking.
Tel... Tel-shi.
Got it!
"Call!"
I had written to call for help on the phone!
Shinichi, that's great!
You're the best!
Yes, beautiful... That your husband is a marvel.
Stop the car, he's not my husband!
What do you say, Sonoko?
What are you thinking?!
"Ran! You're like a tomato!"
Under what circumstances did she die?
Uh, yes.
According to the police, she was on the floor,
"by the window of her room
"with her head dripping blood."
She's been hit from behind with something hard.
If he's tried to write 'Call' on the window pane,
he's probably done it with his blood, right?
What?
The letters were red, weren't they?
On the other hand, who found the body?
The 3 friends of Miyama, the victim!
It seems to me that they were...
a certain Kano, a college classmate;
Yanuma, his girlfriend,
and Bito, a colleague at work who works in the afternoon.
"They told the police that he had arranged to meet them in Miyama...
"To go to dinner together,
but when he didn't show up, they went to his room...
"And found the door open."

"There they have seen the broken window pane and him, on the floor."
The broken window pane?
Yes.
That's why the police say the killer is someone from outside,
and that he broke the glass to get in.
When Sonoko went to the police station to report those letters,
they replied that among the shards of glass...
there was none with written letters,
and as they did not understand what they could mean, they did not believe us.
So they told us that if we found evidence then they would believe us.
Hey, wait a minute, Sonoko.
You mean there really is proof?
"Good that I sent it to you earlier!"
Ran's supersexi photo I took with my cell phone.
I'd put my hand on fire that they were in the back of that photo!
What do you mean?
You didn't look at it?
Eh, yes...
I thought I had left my cell phone in the hotel room,
and I was going to look for it to show it to the cops...
But halfway there I realized that I had it in my purse
and we turned around to go back there to take it.
"Unfortunately we have been attacked by that thief and he has taken my bag!"
If things continue like this we will be taken for liars.
You could forward the photo I sent you to Ran's phone!
I've already told you that calling her won't do any good.
I'm sure Shinichi has deleted it.
You deleted it, didn't you?
Uh, yes... of course.
Really?
You see?
Well, in any case, you know what those letters stand for,
go and tell the police.
Yes!
When we know anything new we'll call you!
"Yeah, okay."
That sexy picture?
Really?
"Let's see... The photo... The picture..."
"Mi-te-las... These must be the red letters."
"As Sonoko says, they are written on the window glass."
"The curtain is closed and you can't see what's inside the room."
"Of all the letters covering the Ran, only the T is clearly visible."
"To the left of the T is written something else in red."
"Maybe it's a comma or an incomplete letter?"
"That's a pretty strange killer."
"For a posthumous message that says 'call' it's no big deal."
"And after murder, it's taken him a long time to see the letters."
"And he broke the glass to retrieve the pieces of the letters."
"He wanted to delay the time when they would find the body.
"But breaking the glass caused them to find the body earlier."
Conan!
What are you looking at now?
-What is this?
-What is it?
What are you looking at?
Hey, wait a minute!
This is...!
You're carrying a naked girl!
What's that?
It's not right, that school children like us...
look at pictures of naked girls!
"I don't look at that."
He-he-he-he!
They sent it to me to give me a hard time!
When you go to sites that give you the address with bad intentions,
sometimes they download images like this.
Have you already deciphered the doctor's code?
No, we don't understand a thing.
It's impossible for us to understand it!
If you can't understand it either...
We've asked the doctor for the enigma paper...
"A tent on a crustacean."
A crustacean...
Is it true that if we decipher it we'll find a treasure?
What we should have done is come yesterday
to see the god's party they have in this town.
The feast of the god?
Now that you mention it, the name was "Tento god's feast".
What did you say?
What did you say?
Fixeu's-well.
You can see the entrance arcade of the temple well lit, right?
The doctor said the party chariot came from there.
It could be that the word "Tento" has something to do with the party!
Even if so, I don't get the lattice, from the crustacean thing.
So maybe it has to do with the spa called 'El Crustaceo'.
But this place is in a ruinous state.
The entrance was closed,
and although we called, there was no answer.
-Ah!
What's wrong?
Guys, look at it!
Something is starting to light up!
In that direction is the spa "El Crustaceo".
Light in the spa?
So someone turned on the lights?
Of course they did!
That's it!
Now we know!
- (all) Yes!
-Let's take a look!
You give up, don't you?
You guys give up too easily.

First, we have a text that is written in katakana.
Secondly, the characters are written in a rather precarious way.
And thirdly....,
we have the clues given to us by the doctor and Haibara!
"W-wait... I've got it!"
"Damn it. I should have figured it out sooner!"
And the next Conan:
"The Surprising Enigma of the Temple Arcade, (Part 2)."
Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo
Nando mo mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...
Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

