Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
The strange code invented by the doctor is a tough test for the League.
Who will be the next to solve it?
He looks like a kid but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
"One hot summer day, the whole group of us went to look for beetles."
"The doctor gave us a coded message to find the treasure."
"The message: 'A tent in a crustacean."
"But even I couldn't figure it out."
"In parallel, I received a call from Ran and the Sonoko."
"There had been a murder at the hotel where they were staying!"
Sonoko said that on the window of the hotel room of the man who had died...
of the man who died had strange letters written on it.
(Shinichi voice) Strange letters?
Oh... It's kind of an enigma.
And then, who found the body?
The 3 friends of that Miyama, the person who died!
"They declared to the police that Miyama had arranged to meet with them
"To go to dinner all together,
"But when he didn't show up,
"They went to his room and found the door open."
"There they saw the window glass broken and him on the floor."
"After that, we..."
The word "Tento" in this code....
may have to do with the name of the party.
Even if it does, I don't get the lattice, from the crustacean thing.
Then maybe it has to do with that spa called "El Crustaceo".
Light in the spa?
So someone has turned on the lights?
THE SURPRISING ENIGMA OF THE ARCADE OF THE TEMPLE, (SECOND PART)
(People: murmur of voices)
Oysters!
There are so many people!
They have some kind of meeting, maybe?
Donkey... Look carefully.
Can't you see they're all carrying personal hygiene utensils?
(Ayumi) Yes, that's right!
The people had to buy the spa when it was abandoned
and used it as a public bath.
- "Sorry"?
Public baths...?
(Ayumi) -Now I understand.
It could be that it was actually "Siento", instead of "Tento"!
Let's see, Genta!
This T at the beginning doesn't look like an S.
And it doesn't refer to the name of the party either,
because you haven't marked the U that would elongate the O sound.
Damn it!
I don't get it!
Don't throw yourself down just because you didn't get it right.
That's not why I'm doing it, man!
The doctor told us so!
If we stretch and ruminate for a while I'm sure... we'll understand!
Anyway...
The Ai also told us...
that if we didn't understand it, we should just face up to it and start from scratch.
Well, we could take advantage of the fact that they have public toilets.
-It's a fantastic idea!
We'll wash our faces and bodies!
-But, Ay...
-It's useless.
It doesn't make any sense for me to go to that inn.
There's nothing there.
-Tell us what it means!
-We should really put you there.
-Please, tell us what.
-Where did you put the treasure?
All right, if that's what you want we can tell you...
if someone I know gives up.
(Think) "That I surrender?"
(Mobile: zzz!)
"Eh? A message?"
"It's from the Sonoko... Eh?"
"As far as I remember, they had taken her phone with the bag."
"I'm a person who found the bag when I was walking down the street."
"As nothing indicates whose it is,
"I'm sending this message to the last number you sent a message to."
"I want to give the bag to its owner,
"so I would like your name and address."
"It seems that the thief who has taken it,
"He just took the wallet and then threw the bag away."
"But the logical thing to do would be to ask for the owner's name and address."
"Besides, why did he bother to send me this message?"

"If you looked at the call log you'd see who you called."
You give up, don't you?
Ah... Hey, time out, okay?
"If you found the bag, take it to the police, dammit!"
(Shinichi voice) Hello, is that you, Ran?
I got the message from the one who says he found the Sonoko's bag.
"Really?"
I'm sure he'll also call you or send some message,
so see what you can do.
Is something wrong?
"Sorry."
My cell phone battery's on its last legs... We're at the police station...
I'll call you when we're back at the hotel.
Did you tell them that those letters you found meant "call"?
The police inspectors and Miyama's three friends...
said that in this case it would make more sense!
But since the message does not allow us to deduce who the culprit is, they told us to go back to the hotel,
they said to go back to the hotel.
Hey, please be careful.
The thief might still be in the vicinity.
(Sonoko) "Nothing will happen! Nothing will happen, man!"
We've asked Kano to accompany us.
me and your little wife to the hotel.
Who is he, this Kano?
We've talked to you before, remember?
He's a friend of Miyama's from the university and he's gorgeous!
If I tell you exactly the truth!
Sonoko!
The other 2 friends are also with you?
"No, there are only in Kano."
Because I finished the interrogation of Yanuma, Miyama's girlfriend,
there are for a while, and in the meantime in Kano will wait for the car.
And in Bito has returned to the hotel on his own.
As it will still take time to finish the Yanuma's interrogation,
In Kano said that he will take us to the hotel...
And then he will return to the police station.
"Ah, I understand."
"Well, I'm hanging up now! I'm going to run out of battery."
What a drag.
I wish I'd gone to the beach.
The beach?
Now that you mention it, I've found a jellyfish!
But, Ayumi, that t'empatolles, now?
It is impossible.
How do you want there are jellyfish, in the mountains?
Yes there is!
Look, it's over there!
(Mitsuhiko) Really?
Yes, you see?
A jellyfish!
It's true...
The symbol of the spas upside down looks like a jellyfish.
-Yes, a jellyfish!
-Doesn't it?
Yes, it does!
(Mitsuhiko) "The upside-down spa symbol...
"It looks like a jellyfish."
(Mitsuhiko) "Now I get it. So that's what it was?"
"Stretch and think and wash your face, eh?"
"It's hard to believe that a message like this...
"Would have been carried by a person like me."
"Sometimes the simplest riddles are the hardest to solve."
"Eh?!"
Hey, doctor!
Stop making us suffer.
Give us the answer to this riddle, please.
-What does "A tent on a crustacean" mean?
He-he-he-he-he!
Well, look.
No way!
We can't tell him until you all surrender.
I have surrendered, you're telling me on the sly?
What a face you have, Genta!
(Ayumi) Please, Conan!
"Why did I see Ran?"
You still can't figure it out?
Eh, no... I have no idea... No idea, guys.
Then give it the hell up!
Hey, Conan!
You're such a sore loser, you know that?
And you guys give up too easily.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Looks like Shinichi hasn't been able to figure it out yet.
Well, now we'll study everything thoroughly from the beginning.
First of all, we have a text that is only written in katakana.
"Crustacean" and "tent" are written in this syllabary,
But don't you find it strange that "ni", in the middle, is in katakana?
Secondly, if you look....,
You are right.
all the characters are written in a rather precarious way.
-Because the doctor has bad handwriting!
-That's true!
And thirdly..,
we have the clues given to us by the doctor and Haibara!
- (all) Yes?
They have given us a clue?
Yes.
"By tire and Rumi for a while you will surely find it".
And "If not, wash your face and start again".
These are things they don't say very often.
It is very clear that they are clues!
It could mean that we look at the characters lying on the floor.
Very good!
Just stretch?
I don't see much change.
Oh!
-Did you find out anything?

-What have you seen, Genta?
Ah!
Eh... What did you see?
Please, Genta, what did you see?
No..., I think I understood it.
-What did you understand?
-Be clearer, please!
You're a pain in the ass!
I thought I understood what he was saying!
Ui.
It was a little too much.
No.
Look at that sly smile...
and that insolent and obnoxious face he's making now.
(Ai) He must have figured it out by now.
Seen from the side, I can't think what it could be either.
Now... do you want us to ruminate on it by adding the other clue?
The one that said to wash our faces and start over?
Even if it tells us to wash our faces, we're on the mountain.
We might have to use the hot water at the spa.
Eh?
Bobo The doctor and the Haibara have already told you.
It has nothing to do with it.
-That's right!
Then where should we wash?
It could be that he didn't mean washing your face,
but something to do with washing your face.
Hm... First you turn on the faucet...
...you wet your face with a splash...
...and you dry your face with a towel.
After that...
Yes, and after that...
Let's see...
Bon appetit!
Yes!
Please, Genta!
We're talking about when you wash your face.
-The mirror!
-After washing your face we eat.
Then you look in the mirror!
The mirror?
But looking in the mirror you only see your face!
We are wrapping ourselves in a bad way.
But looking at the letters in a mirror they will have a firmer outline.
We should do the same as with the spa symbol.
If we turn it upside down it looks like a jellyfish, right?
But upside down we don't see a sea bream or a flounder.
-Wait a minute!
-And you can't read any letters.
It could be that this stretched out and washed out face...
I would like to say that we take the letters that are placed vertically,
place them sideways, look at them from behind...
and then reflect them in a mirror.
(At the same time) Eh?
Aaah!
"In the arcade of the party... of the village."
(At the same time) "To the arcade of the village feast."
Look, it's there!
Is that it?
Doctor!
Oh!
Prize!
Correct answer, boys!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(At the same time) Hooray!
We got it!
Let's go right away and check it out!
(Genta) The treasure!
If they tried they could also get out, eh?
Your face said it all for you, handsome.
Yes... And he was gorgeous, wasn't he?
What about you, Shinichi?
Aren't you going to look at it?
Don't you want to know what it is, the treasure?
I know what it is even if I'm not going to look at it!
What the message wants to indicate is a place that is illuminated...
The arcade of the temple.
Impregnating the foot of that arch with sap from the trees,
you can collect some!
Look!
I have found it!
Oh!
How cool!
Stag beetles and goliath beetles!
Exactly, you got it right.
That's it.
I had to think long and hard about this riddle.
As it can be read from one side as well as the other....
The latter is thanks to the Ai.
At first I had thought of using a code with animals.
I hooked the papers with the names of the animals in the window
and I was thinking for a while.
"And the Ai, who was looking at them outside, was telling me."
"Oxygen won't be complicated, for some children?"
You see.
Now I understand.
When you look at the word "giraffe" on the other side...
it looks like it says "oxygen".
Looking at the code this way...
Shinichi?
(Thinking) "A crystal...? The back?"
"Transparent..."
"W-wait! I've got it!"
"Damn it! Was that it!"
-Kudo?
-Shinichi?
"It was about that! That's why I got the Ran in my head earlier!"
"The Ran! Ran is in danger!"
(Mobile: pip)
(Pip)
Hello..., Shinichi.
Where are we now?
I've told you before.
Now we're going back to the hotel with Kano's car.
We're getting out of the car right now?
"I know what the letters really mean..."
...T-E-Y-U.
Before the T there was written a kind of comma!
He wanted to tell us to read it vertically and from the other side!
It's the name of the murderer!
Can you feel me?
Ran!
Listen to me!
Ran!
Ah, my battery's dead.
Stop it, Sonoko!
What did he want, your husband?
He said to get out of the car,

that we put it vertically and look at it from the other side.
What are you thinking?
Your husband must be jealous.
That Ran and Sonoko have been involved in a murder?
Sonoko has seen the letters
the victim wrote in the hotel room.
Some letters, you say?
The letters T, E, I, U of the Latin alphabet turned sideways!
Before T there is a punctuation mark,
the Y is an L, and the U is the "shi" of hiragana.
It works like your code for "the arcade of the village feast".
When you read it vertically and look at it from the other side....
It reads "a tent on a crustacean".
It comes out "giraffe".
And "oxygen"?
Then what about T, E, I, U?
Let's see...
The word "Kano" would come out.
Yes.
Kano... Yes!
It's true, Kano!
But how come you left such a difficult riddle as a posthumous message?
This is not a riddle at all!
The victim was lying on the ground and wrote it on the window.
But the Sonoko saw it from outside.
I have to tell Ran and Sonoko right away.
I tried to tell Ran, but her cell phone ran out of battery.
And on top of that, she and Sonoko are that Kano's car!
I'm sorry... It seems to me that this is not the way to the hotel.
Don't worry about it.
It's just a shortcut.
Hey, Conan, do you know which hotel they're staying at?
If I did, I would have called the nearest police station to the hotel by now!
I know they're on the beach, but I don't know which town.
Damn it, I should have realized it before!
When I got that strange message from Sonoko's phone!
The same phone from where she had sent me the photograph
where you could see the letters on the glass and that they wanted me to erase...
In the message they asked me for my address and name...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
This means...!
Oh, my goodness!
The Shinichi you were talking about before is a young detective?
Yes, you could say that.
It's great that your boyfriend is a detective.
No!
He's not my boyfriend!
Hey, if you're so in love that you can't touch your feet on the ground...
That's why I sent him a picture of her in a bikini this noon.
Sonoko, please.
But it's a pity.
Because he didn't come here with you, did he?
I would have liked to meet this famous detective.
I don't know!
But, Sonoko...
Maybe yes, he has kept the photo, you married.
(Mobile: melody)
If the murderer expects me to get in touch,
I'm sure he's got Sonoko's phone turned on.
(Think) "Keep in mind whose this man is, please! It's the killer!"
Eh?
This melody is the same as the one on your cell phone, isn't it?
Now that you mention it, this is my phone.
That's right!
Eh?
But how is it?
Well, for one reason.
Because I'm the man... who took your bag earlier.
To eliminate the evidence of my crime.
What?
What?
If we go deeper into the forest, we can talk more calmly.
And tell me where that brat Shinichi is!
They still haven't caught him?
What's the matter?!
Oh, excuse me.
Quiet, please!
"Oh... They've caught her!"
Who is it?
Can you hear me?
Do you hear me?
What do you mean, you "hear me"?
You donkey!
What the fuck did you do, when the Ran was in danger, eh?
"Hey! What do you feel me? Deduction maniac!"
You're an oaf!
We've run into a tree!
What the... How can that be?
The car into a tree?
What do you want me to tell you?
We had no choice!
The Ran screwed up a karate chop to the face of the killer, who was driving.
Oh, right.
"After that, the Ran called the police,
"And when they came, they took the killer into custody."
"His friend had discovered...
"That he had entered the university in an irregular way
"and had threatened her.
"To cover up his misdemeanor,
"he could think of nothing else but to commit a felony."
"And then..."
"What? I'm sure he'd kept her here."
If you're looking for that picture of the girl in the bikini, we deleted it yesterday.
What?
What? What?
What's that?
Why why?
Because it's not right, you have these things!
Forgive me!

We deleted it because Ay asked us to!
What?
The Haibara?
"The mother who the... Merdaaaaa!"
This is very interesting.
That montage was amazing.
That gentleman must be one of the 3 scriptwriters of the series.
"He is challenging with his eyes."
"Indeed, he is the author of the crime."
"And he has absolute confidence in the montage he has used."
And the next Conan: "The half-perfect murder mystery."
Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo
Nando mo mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...
Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

