Stars have a certain appeal.
Whether they are guilty or actors.
Today's scenario is a television channel.
The passion to create a program leads to a crime.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
You deatta shougan ni onaji Hikari wo kanjita
sueldo Omois ga IPPA onaji hitomi wo shite ita.
Kimi no hassutte ita shigunaru ni
SEOR wo buchikowashite
dakedo Kono Omois wa itsumo todokanakute!
Kenko shiyou yo kachikan wo butsukeatte!
Motto ookiku Sekai wo mezasou!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Itsuki Kono machi ga
kawatte ittemo.
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
Hoshi no kagayaki yo
Zutter Bokura wo terashite.
Nakushitakunai shounen no
hay no yume yo!
Kimi dake wa kawaranaide ite hoshii!
What... that I, in Kogoro Mouri...,
go to see the scriptwriters?
Yes, they are interested in talking to the famous detective Mouri.
Have you ever seen "magro, the great detective"?
This time they will make a detective TV series?
I watch it every week.
There are many...
Thank you very much.
The script of the magro series is being written by 3 scriptwriters
who take turns, but it's been 5 years...
and now the plot of the stories and montages are a little seasoned.
So... you want me to give you new information based on my experiences, right?
based on my experiences, right?
Magro is very interesting.
It's not very common, but sometimes you find some incredible cases.
"For example: 'Locked room number 52'."
"That montage was amazing."
"Lla... then, Magro, that locked room..."
Inspector, closed, they left it afterwards.
"He lifted the whole house with that crane."
"No one would have thought
"That he would use a large-scale means like this."
"But Rintaro Lean's eyes, he didn't fool them, no..."
"I would never have thought of a setup like this."
"It made me happy to see it."
I, too, thought the mystery plot of the chapter
was very well thought out,
but that episode aired two and a half years ago...
Conan, how old are you?
Da... this... I saw it on video the other day...
Ah, that makes sense...
Yes.
(Think) "He-he-he. I've gone a little..."
All right.
I'll explain to the scriptwriters a lot of experiences that have happened to me.
Can I come too?
I'd really like to meet the people who write the scripts for the series.
THE HALF-PERFECT MURDER MYSTERY
Maybe we're too early.
The meeting is still about an hour away.
I think the cafeteria is the top floor.
I'm screenwriter Yagami.
I wanted to see the producer Inoue of "magro, the great detective".
Yes, please wait a moment.
That gentleman... must be one of the 3 writers of the series, right?
He looks like one of those arrogant people
who rubs his ego in your face.
Hello, Master Yagami, long time no see.
-Sorry, the cab got stuck in a traffic jam.
It's been 6 months since I've had you all together.
I'd like us to agree on the new season that we'll be doing
until Mr. Mouri comes.
I would like to have a drink.
How about you?
No, not yet.
Then, I'll get something... Tell me what you want.
Coffee!
Hot!
-And for me.
-The same for me.
All right, I'll bring it right away.
Oh, excuse me.
Let me do it...
It's not necessary.
I always prepare it for you.
He pretends he's the waiter.
The meeting is supposed to be more important than making the coffee!
And he calls himself a scriptwriter?
You have to admit he's good at writing.
Ah... Sakuma, I don't mean what he writes,
but the attitude you show.
He's only been with us for a short time.
You like to be attentive to others.
It's obvious, you have to make it out of the series.
Magro can work with me and Sakuma as the only writers.
(At the same time) But, Yagami!
Sorry for the wait.
(At the same time) Thank you.
Ah... Inoue, you liked to put some milk.
I forgot, I'll be right back, I'm going to look.
He's running like crazy.
Can't he take it easy?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I think he's still too young...
Ya...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
(Screams in pain)
(At the same time) Ya... Yagami!

(Pip)
Yes?
Hello, Miss Inoue!
(Pip) Eh?
What did you say?!
(People: murmurs of surprise)
Yes!
That's right.
The place is...
(sniffs)
-Smell of almonds...
- (Inoue) Mr. Mouri...
She's been poisoned with a substance similar to hydrocyanic acid.
(She thinks) "4 people..., 4 cups poured..."
The poison, indeed, was the coffee that had fallen on the floor.
Nothing was found to the other 3 coffees on the table.
In other words, the murderer only poisoned Mr. Yagami's coffee.
That's right.
Mr. Morio Koda, you prepared the coffees, didn't you?
Yes.
I asked them what they wanted...
He asked for hot coffee, as usual, and I made myself some tea.
But the drink is usually prepared by the chain's staff.
Yes, that's true...
Since it's not long since I started writing scripts,
I like to do these things to feel useful.
Do you think it's strange?
No, I don't think it's strange...
I got it!
One of the cups must have been impregnated with poison...
...and it must have gone to Mr. Yagami.
Are you suggesting that someone would have attempted indiscriminate murder?
I can't think of anything else...
When he said he would do it, in Koda has refused his help.
He said he'd do it... he...
Yes.
Inspector, just a second.
Miss Inoue, can you come here for a moment?
We believe that the only one who put the poison was Mr. Koda.
And the fact that he gave such a flimsy explanation..,
makes us think he might have committed the crime.
But we don't know what the motive is.
Brat, I told you not to leave that room!
It was supposed to be a colleague who wrote for the same program.
Not exactly, fellows...
Do you know if there could be a motive?
Miss, contesti'ns, please, this is a murder case.
"Originally, the lean scripts...
"had been written in Yagami and Sakuma."
"Then came a new chain worker
"who claimed to be a big fan of the series,
"and he brought me a story to watch."
"I thought it was very interesting,
"And I decided to have him collaborate with us
"And make him the third scriptwriter of the series."
"In Sakuma he gave him a great reception,
"But in Yagami I showed him antipathy."
In Yagami he had told me on many, many occasions to send him away.
-And Mr. Koda knew this?
I guess he guessed it from the atmosphere.
You're convinced?
He must have had a hard time.
"Miss Inoue, I would like to be allowed to write....
"Not even if it was just one episode of this famous series,
"To become famous and succeed as a screenwriter!"
(Inoue) "He had placed a lot of hopes
"in the series 'magro, the great detective'."
But Mr. Yagami wanted to throw Mr. Koda out by force!
It's clear, Inspector Megre.
(Think) "He even has a motive."
"But if it had been that man's doing..."
We already know who the murderer is!
Hey, Mouri, wait a minute!
But we don't have any solid evidence against him.
There's something else we don't know...
Shut up!
I'll show you that I can make you confess!
I'm the famous Kogoro Mouri!
"You mean you can?"
What?
That I have murdered in Yagami?
Is this what you suspect?
It can't be...
Let's see, it's true that, in part, I couldn't even see it...
But, Mr. Mouri, even if I had poisoned the coffee,
I had no way of making Mr. Yagami drink it.
"Because of those three cups, there was only one with poison in it."
"Besides, I went to get the milk and it wasn't in the meeting room."
"I didn't recommend him to take that cup: he took it!"
I could not foresee which cup he would take.
Am I wrong, perhaps?
Hello, detective?
Well...
"That's right."
"If he was the murderer,
what is the method he has chosen to introduce the poison in the coffee?
I've got it!
But, Mouri!
First he gave Miss Inoue a coffee that contained no poison.
Now there were 2 cups left!
With two, we'd be even.
How did you want me to know which one was Yagami's?
It's very easy.

I just had to put them this way.
At that time, Mr. Yagami was the seat at the back of the room.
You just had to choose the closest cup.
In Sakuma would not pass him in front, a veteran whom he respected.
Indeed...
"I don't know if this hypothesis will work..."
No, the thing about veterans and all the fishing doesn't work.
We didn't listen to these stories,
"And today I took the first one, and Yagami's was left."
In this case, I would also be a suspect in this crime, wouldn't I?
Mr. Mouri, if you want to continue to suspect me, do so,
But what kind of set-up could I use
because Mr. Yagami drank the poisoned coffee?
I beg you to accuse me when you have cleared this up!
"He is challenging with his eyes."
"Indeed, he is the perpetrator of the crime."
"And he has absolute confidence in the set-up he has used."
"There are 2 people and 2 coffees."
"There was a 50% chance
"That each one chose what suited him."
"Which setup must you have used to be 100% successful?"
Mouri, if I am to be honest with you,
suspecting Mr. Koda has disoriented us more.
If it hadn't been on Yagami who wanted to kill,
but on Sakuma who would have chosen the poisoned coffee cup,
I would have had to prevent him from drinking it at all costs.
"Instead, he said he had forgotten the milk..."
If he were the murderer would he leave the scene?
"Yes. Didn't you think something might happen that you hadn't anticipated?"
Mm?
Eh!
Mouri, are you listening to me?
Ah...
Oh.
Now I don't know what's going to happen to the lean series.
The series will end, maybe?
I don't know... But after something like this...
With all the effort we had made to do one episode after another...
This is the list of episodes of en magro?
Can I look at it?
Thank you.
Go for it!
Oh!
What's up?
That script was Mr. Koda's.
The one for "Locked Room Number 52."
Oh, that's right.
The episode you told me you found so interesting.
This is the story that took me back to the beginning.
I was amazed
by the fact that someone who had just arrived was so talented.
"The High School Club" was also by Mr. Koda?
Yes.
What's wrong?
(Thinking) "It can't be..."
But most of them are written by Yagami and Sakuma.
Of course, they are the main scriptwriters of the series.
"No matter how talented I was,
"I didn't have as many opportunities to display it."
"If we approach this one as the motive, that solves everything!"
What's wrong, Conan?
Miss Inoue!
Ah!
We've finally reached the finish line!
You know what the setup is.
"This is impossible."
There were 2 people and 2 cups of coffee.
As much as I've thought about it,
I could only think of one way to make
the person I wanted to kill to choose the cup with poison in it.
And that is...
...to rely on luck.
But Mouri!
This is the conclusion you had come to?!
Mr. inspector, I assure you I'm not joking.
The odds were 50-50.
Heads or tails.
You have left it in the hands of luck.
How could you allow yourself to be thrown out of the show?
This desperation has caused you to let yourself be carried away by chance!
Please..., Mouri, let him run.
No, Mr. inspector!
I'm completely convinced of it!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiii.... Not again...
Mouri?
Mouri!
Don't tell me.
This is the famous...
Sleeping Kogoro?
That I bet on heads or tails?
Are you serious, this?
(Kogoro voice) At first it's what I thought...
Mouri, please...
I beg you to listen to me, inspector.
Mr. Koda, you said it.
You said that if I suspected you
to clarify what kind of plot you might have used
because Mr. Yagami drank the poisoned coffee.
But this is impossible to solve.
Because, to begin with, you haven't used any set-up.
That's right.
No set-up.
No set-up?
Then, how did you do it because Yagami took the poisoned coffee?
Before we talk about that, I'll tell you how I came to this conclusion.
Conan, take that.
(Conan voice) Yes.
(Kogoro's voice) This is a list of lean episodes
that have been left to Conan.

When I looked at it I was surprised.
Magro is a production...
in which all the episodes have a high degree of perfection
with a very high degree of perfection.
"Original montages, a logical solution of mysteries...
"And, above all,
"A development that faithfully captures the psychological aspects."
"As, for example, 'Locked Room No. 52',
"The Secondary Club ',' 'The Murder of the Well of Evil '...
"Or 'When the Green Door Opens'."
These are all...
Yes, the episodes that had impressed me the most...
were the ones with the script written by Mr. Koda.
So you had written them, right?
When I heard that, I changed my mind.
It was unlikely
that someone who wrote such perfect mystery stories...
would gamble his chances of success on a 50-50 chance.
Then I became suspicious of his behavior.
"I wondered why he wanted to leave that meeting room."
That he forgot the milk, naturally,
was something I had planned in the first place.
Probably because I wanted to reinforce the idea that you did not see....
"On the other 2 choosing one coffee or the other."
But this behavior is obviously suspicious.
Yes, very suspicious, isn't it?
"If it hadn't been on Yagami whom I wanted to kill,
"but Sakuma was the one who had chosen the poisoned cup,
"I would have had to stop him from drinking it."
Even using the most skillful set-up in the world,
unforeseen events can occur.
And it was impossible for you, who write mystery stories,
didn't even think of that possibility.
Still, you left the room.
Why did you leave the room?
Well, we can only think of one reason.
That your target was not limited only to Mr. Yagami.
Let's see, what does this mean?
Mr. Mouri...
Whether he was taken by Mr. Yagami or Mr. Sakuma, it was all the same to him.
That's why he didn't need any set-up.
That is to say, who he wanted to kill was either Yagami or me.
How can such an absurd criminal plan be conceived?
There is nothing absurd about this, Mr. Inspector.
Whoever died, the result would be the same.
Since only the two of them could be the main writers of the series,
if either of them disappeared the contributions of the third writer,
which was in Koda, would suddenly increase dramatically.
He wanted to write even one episode,
and this was just the real motive for this murder, wasn't it?
"Miss Inoue, I would like to be allowed to write....
"Not even if it was a single episode of this famous series,
"To make a name for myself and succeed as a screenwriter."
"Please, Miss Inoue!"
Koda...
Even though at first glance
it looks like he had a 50% chance of success,
he was doing just as well whether the one or the other had had coffee,
so he actually had a 100% chance of success.
Was that what it was all about?
"I'm 29 years old now."
"I'll be famous before I'm 30."
"My goal was to become a screenwriter."
"What famous or what the hell?"
"Even if you only wrote one out of 10 episodes.
"There were people watching what you were doing."
"Miss Inoue thought highly of your work.
"And I remember absolutely all of them."
"They were all so amazing that they always made me laugh."
"You're a fool, really."
Will they finally stop broadcasting the lean?
Eh?
"They're closing 'Magro, the great detective'...
"And 'The New Magro, the Great Detective' begins."
Only the main character's name has been changed!
Instead of Rintaro magro will be renamed Kogoro magro.
Kogoro Magret?
It seems to say that this Kogoro is a magret!
"Shouldn't it be exactly that?"
"By the behavior we DEMONSTRATED,
"I have assumed that you had stumbled on a deduction with no head or tail."
You will regret this forever!
I wish we had talked to Conan!
Oh, Mother!
What shall we do if Sommer does not come in time?
(At the same time) Genta, come on!
We make the turn for garden!
And the next Conan:
"The Junior Detective League behind the blue bird."

Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo.
Nando mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...
Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

