Conan will celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we will go for a new anniversary!
The bad omens of the date of Buddha's death are worrisome.
The spiritualist phenomenon produces a crime!
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
A bad spirit?
You want me to exorcise a bad spirit?
Well, to put it more simply, yes.
Listen, what we detectives do is to solve cases!
Of course, we already ask for the services of a priest...
and of a spiritualist to perform the exorcism,
but it didn't work.
That's why I suggested the famous Kogoro Mouri
to put an end to the spiritualistic apparitions with the science of reason.
with the science of reason.
What is this evil spirit business?
It all started when my master had a nightmare two years ago....
(Think) "A nightmare."
"He gave a scream with a voice that did not seem of this world,
"He woke up suddenly and kept repeating: "It's a curse!"
It was just a nightmare.
Naturally, it was nothing more than that.
Half a year later, my master was traveling in this car,
the brakes didn't respond and he had a very serious accident.
-Oh, yes...
-Right, Watabiki?
I didn't realize I was leaking brake fluid.
I'm sorry for what happened.
Because of that accident,
the heart condition I had got noticeably worse,
and he was left with a blank stare...
But, hey, that was a normal traffic accident.
Where do you see evil spirits?
It could also be treated this way.
If it weren't for the fact that we got this card.
What?
A card?
"Before we wake up, you'll be sorry for your sin again."
"We are the five spirits."
the espert that appears on the day of buddha's death, (CASE)
And when did you receive this card?
Someone put it in our mailbox at the end of the year last year.
We thought it was a bad joke from some unscrupulous person,
but when we showed it to the owner,
the lady was terrified.
-Yes.
-The lady too?
And after half a year,
the shelf where the crockery was fell at midnight.
And in April, strange noises were heard,
and there was only the owner and the lady.
Do these strange things happen on any particular day?
For example, do they always happen on Friday the 13th?
No, the day of the week is not the same,
but the day of the month is: it's always the 4th.
Before these things happened, nothing was celebrated on the 4th?
Well... no one knows what this day is supposed to refer to.
Excuse me..., today is the 3rd of October, this means...
that tomorrow will be one of those special days.
Yes..., it's true.
It seems that these strange things have happened 5 times.
Do you know which months of which year each thing happened?
-I do!
-I don't... I don't know so many details.
Let's see, first of all...
On February 4th 2 years ago the owner had a nightmare.
And on July 4th of the same year he had the accident.
On February 4th of a year ago the card was sent to them,
on July 4th of the same year the shelf fell down.
And on April 4 of this year the noises were felt.
Yes, if I don't forget things.
It's all written down in the notebook!
Uh, yes...
Conan, the same thing happens to him.
It could be that the person who sent them the card had something...
-Mr. Mouri, you don't find anything special in this card?
Eh?
Special?
You mean spirit stuff?
You know, it's a little bit like that...
Well, if you don't find anything, don't mind me...
This is not what we talked about!
We just had to have a guest!

Uh, I beg your pardon.
My daughter and the boy wanted to come.
I beg your pardon.
It's all right.
I'm not angry with you!
I'm angry with this geezer who didn't inform me.
Namiki, please don't call me a geezer.
Anyway, I have to go shopping!
Your daughter is a good girl and full of vitality.
-The chef?
-No, she's the chef of the mansion.
Originally, her father was the chef of the Kunitomo family,
but he died in an accident and she's followed in his footsteps.
Gee, she's so young....
Come to think of it, he has also followed in his father's footsteps.
I forgot, Watabiki!
In the end, the owner will be at the university hospital tonight at 8 o'clock.
Eh, yes.
Eh?
He's out of ink?
Mm?
Here you go!
Ah, thank you very much.
Use this.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't take it the wrong way.
It's just that I got food poisoning when I was a kid...
and ever since then I've been a hygiene freak.
You have.
Thank you very much.
Leave him here!
Leave him here!
Au, Conan, we'll leave you here.
Eh, Mr. and Mrs., you say?
A while ago I saw them in the bedroom, on the third floor.
Are they there?
-What do you want?
-Òndia!
You look so much like the chef from before!
Ouch!
But, Father!
It is logical that I look like!
Because Namiki is my daughter!
Oh, I thought so...
And another thing: please don't point your finger at me!
I have a phobia of things that point at me!
Ah... Phobia of things that point at you...
Oh.
Father...
If you want to talk to the owner, I can go call him.
-That's not necessary.
I'll go to her directly.
Changing the subject, Mrs. Shigeko...,
would you mind straightening that painting?
I think it must be crooked 5 millimeters to the right.
(Thinking) "5 millimeters?"
I-understood, sir!
Please do it.
Au, let's go up...
I see you have a door in a... strange place.
I see... The lady of the house asked a friend...
to put it up after she received that strange note.
-Renoi.
-This is a lady door.
You put the secret code like this,
you put the index here...
(Man) "Who's there?"
I am the Akatsuka, your secretary.
Porto Mr. Kogoro Mouri with me.
(Man) "Okay. I'll open now."
Blow, it's impressive!
Come in, Mr. Mouri.
If you are not a person of the house
and your fingerprints aren't registered, you don't hear the doorbell.
It sounds like science fiction.
It's not science fiction or anything like it.
There are places in the mansion
that must have the fingerprint identification devices.
Admittedly, it is still not widespread.
Here you have Mrs. Yasue, the lady of this house.
And on the left you have Mr. Sekiguchi,
the friend who installed this door.
Excuse me, we were opened earlier by a person who was here,
but what if there was no one on the third floor?
It could not be opened.
The only person who could open it with his finger would be my husband.
To get out, it is enough for someone in the house to put their finger on the device.
Oh!
Then we'll test how it works...
-Aaaai!
-You must not touch!
If an outsider were to touch it, the alarms would go off,
and the security company employees would show up here!
I told them to install security cameras.
But I told them not to.
At the front door, though.
My father had this magnificent mansion built
and I don't know what he'd think if I installed this machine.
"This thing you guys have is overkill enough as it is."
Oh!
You're Mr. Mouri!
The famous detective!
Yes...
I'm Mr. Kunitomo, who asked you to come here.
Oh, oh, oh, oh...
I leave the whole investigation in your hands.
Eh, yes!
Alright, now I'll show you what this mansion looks like inside.
Understood.
Ah, yes!
Come on, kid, move your ass.
Dear, you mean it's a good idea to have asked for a detective?
If he were to find out what...
He won't find out.
There's no evidence against us now.
But if we take into account the words in that note...
That's why we hired a detective...
He will catch the person who is threatening us
and we will be able to check to what extent he has or has not caught us.

Ah!
Wait!
Now I'll bring you your medicine.
Here, take it.
Au, are you all right now?
If you go on this way, you'll go to the other neighborhood...
What do you think you're doing!
If we're in this situation it's your fault!
Yes.
And that's why I took the trouble to come.
It's tomorrow, isn't it, D-day?
Yes, it will be the day that the rat we have infiltrated will move.
And then?
What did you think?
Mm?
What do I think?
Everything is exquisite!
Eh, no, I'm not talking about the food, but about the research...
I can't tell you anything yet.
And even if someone organized it all because the shelf would fall down
or for noises to be felt,
I would have recovered what I would have used for the assemblies...
Again!
How can you wear gloves even at dinner time?
-Stop-forgive me.
That everything is well washed!
Ah, soon it will be time to take the owner to the university hospital.
What a head.
Then you should at least have a coffee before leaving.
That pair is really good, isn't it?
Yes.
Their parents were friends and they are childhood friends.
Miss chef, I'd like coffee too, please!
Yes.
I'll be right there.
Oh!
-Thank you, mother...
- (flow) Let me, I'll do it myself.
My daughter has vertigo
and is unable to go near the windows from the second floor up.
Besides, that secretary is a perfectionist, very scrupulous,
and hates anything that's a little crooked.
For example, if the carpet is a little out of place....
You see?
What's wrong with the people in this mansion?
A hygiene maniac, one who can't stand to be singled out,
another with pathological vertigo and a scrupulous perfectionist.
Since I was told I would be spending a night in a rich mansion, I didn't think twice,
I didn't think twice.
If we had known it was for a ghost,
we would have preferred to stay at home.
No, nothing...
What are you looking at?
These are the days that have passed since those 5 events in this house.
The first one, February 4th, 2 years ago;
the other, July 4th.
And last year also, February 4th and July 4th.
And this year, April 4th.
Why April 4?
If it were February 5 and July 5...
they would be dates that the father was away.
You were asked to help with a wedding,
a move or you were on a trip with the neighborhood association.
On April 5 of this year there was also a wedding.
But the wedding, the trips and the moves?
you do them on Buddha's auspicious day, don't you?
That's right.
The next day is the ominous date of Buddha's death.
The death of Buddha?
Wait a minute!
That's right.
In the third district they inaugurated a supermarket on October 5th.
What's so special about it?
Is something wrong because tomorrow is the day of Buddha's death?
Yes... it's already the 4th!
What?
What is it?
This noise...
Mmmm?
A shoe?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Akazukin?
I'm Yasue...
We got a flat tire and it took us a while to change it.
Could you prepare everything for us in a moment, please?
What?
I beg your pardon?
In Sekiguchi?
It's hanging from the balcony of Mr. and Mrs.'s bedroom.
We've called an ambulance and we've called the police,
but we can't get inside.
Please come back soon!
Oh... What the hell is going on?
It's the curse.
We have an evil spirit.
Aaaaah!
Beloved!
It has, the medicine!
-Yes, ma'am.
As you wish.
-Watanuki, you must hurry!
The deceased is Mr. Toshimichi Sekiguchi, 43 years old.
He died 4 hours ago.
Between 2/4 of 9 and 9 o'clock at night.
I understand he was a friend of Mrs. Yasue.
Yes.
We had been classmates in high school.
Now he was the president of a security company.
So, the entrance door on this third floor...
and the fingerprint identifier, he installed it.
Yes.
Forgive me for asking, but where were you between 2/4 of 9 and 9 o'clock?
I was driving with my husband to the hospital.
My husband's heart is in critical condition,
and we go to see a doctor on the 3rd of every month.
-At 8 o'clock in the evening.
-What time did you leave the house?
What do you suspect about us?

Mr. and Mrs. have left this mansion at 8 o'clock,
I can assure you, inspector!
Ah..., really?
I went up to the third floor when it was five minutes to 8 o'clock,
to accompany them to the car.
Besides, I could see that Mr. Sekiguchi was very lively.
Mmm... I get it.
But shouldn't Mr. Sekiguchi... have committed suicide?
I don't know... The case has some strange points.
The position of the circle he has placed around the neck...
is too close.
And it's too close to the balcony railing.
It doesn't mean he can do it, but it's very difficult.
I think it's a murder hidden under the guise of a suicide.
We don't know yet if it's a suicide or a murder,
but this card with the words
"This is the reward for the sin committed 13 years ago"?
are a key to solving it.
Mr. Mouri!
Where did you get this?
I found it in Sekiguchi's clothes before you arrived.
But, man, you don't have to do these things.
I know that.
That's why I left it well scalded.
Oi, kiddo?
But... what does this card mean?
The crime of 13 years ago?
Who knows.
It looks like a last will
but to have more precise information,
maybe you should ask those 3 people,
why their faces changed when they saw the card.
What is this all about?
They know what this is 13 years ago.
Now it will be exactly 13 years ago...
The owner's ship had a maritime accident and sank.
A boating accident?
At that time, every year around this time,
the owner and the housekeeping staff would go on a trip together on his boat,
"But...they got stuck in the Gulf of Suruga,
"And the owner, the mistress and Sekiguchi, who was on the boat,
"They managed to save themselves."
And what happened to the others?
The rest of the people remained unaccounted for,
and that sunken boat has still not been found.
It is possible that whoever caused the ship to sink was in Sekiguchi,
and someone held a grudge against him for what he did.
Look, I don't like the sea at all and I didn't go on those voyages.
You were saved.
Surely you know how it all went!
What was the cause of the sinking?
We were taking a nap,
and he showed up in Sekiguchi saying to run away.
That we had to flee quickly and I don't know what else.
So, are there relatives of the people who died?
who are working in this house?
Yes there are...
So, they could have some relation with the 5 facts that happened.
The 5 events?
A series of things happened:
"The owner of the house had a nightmare,
"The car's brakes failed, the crockery fell at midnight,"
there were strange noises in the mansion when it was empty?
Wow!
And, on top of that, they put this card right in the mailbox.
Look at it.
Huh?
Wait a minute!
Besides, the card that was in Sekiguchi's clothes...
is identical to the one you sent them,
all 5 cases occurred on the 4th, the fateful day of Buddha's death.
Someone was up to something.
Yes, one of the people working here...
who is related to the people who died in that accident..,
believe that the accident was caused by Sekiguchi.
I would like to ask you to bring
all the people involved in these circumstances.
Yes, knowledgeable people.
Very well.
"There is something engraved on the wristwatch at Sekiguchi."
"An E and an N?"
"An E and an N usually means..."
"Eh? I was wrong!"
"This means..."
This is... impossible!
"In any case, what I'm curious about is that rope..."
"If my deduction is correct..."
-Madam!
-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
It's... a curse!
I'm sure the owner saw that ghost too!
Open the door at once!
(Alarm)
"There's an intruder."
And the next Conan:
"The spirit that appears on the day of Buddha's death, (Suspicions)."
Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo
Nando mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...

Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

