Conan will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we will go for a new anniversary!
Suspicions become more evident with the second case.
The existence of something that shouldn't be real cheers us up.
...has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
"A rich family who has the mansion located in Shizuoka claimed us."
"Their request was to solve the problem they had:
"The exorcism of an evil spirit with the science of reason."
"In that mansion, some events have occurred during the last 2 years."
"And they have always happened on the 4th day, the unlucky day of Buddha's death."
"And on the 4th of October, the first victim appeared."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Yokomizo) The deceased is Toshimichi Sekiguchi, age 43.
We do not yet know whether it is suicide or murder.
But there is no doubt that the card with the words.
"This is compensation for the sin committed 13 years ago," is the key.
It will now be exactly 13 years ago.
The owner's ship had a maritime accident and sank?
Are there any relatives of the people who died on the ship...
who work here?
Yes, there are...
THE SPIRIT THAT APPEARS ON THE DAY OF THE BUDDHA'S DEATH, (SUSPICIONS)
Well, now would you mind introducing yourselves one by one...
and tell me about the people who died in the accident 13 years ago?
You start, Mrs. Shigeko...
Ah... Yes.
I am the ruler of the house, and my name is Shigeko Senzaki.
The person who died then was my husband,
who was the chef and the one who was ordered the food during the voyage.
Actually, the Namiki, my daughter, and I,
we had planned to go on the crossing,
but we were indisposed because of a cold.
Since the father died, I have followed in his footsteps and am a chef.
I have also followed in my father's footsteps.
I am in Masashi Watabiki and work as a chauffeur.
In the accident my father and my younger brother died.
-Yes.
-Two of your relatives died?
Father was in charge of running the boat
and he had no choice but to go,
but my brother came because he wanted to go with him.
The last victim was my wife,
the person who worked in this house as a housekeeper.
She was a very attentive woman
who even helped me with my work as a secretary.
I can't... believe that something like that happened to her.
(Cries)
Mr. Akazukin...
What is the meaning of this?
Why are you forcing us to talk about things we don't want to remember?
It's just that we think one of you might be the one who died in Sekiguchi.
(Half a river)
Don't you see that it's suspicious?
Even though you saw the 5 souls card,
none of you mentioned the boat accident 13 years ago.
Could it be that you know who the murderer is and are covering up for her?
No!
This is not true!
Hey, 4 people died in that accident!
This is not "5 souls"!
1, 2, 3, 4... Ah, that's right.
The accident took place on September 29th, 13 years ago,
a day with good omens.
It was neither a 4th day nor the ill-fated day of Buddha's death!
Besides, it is impossible that the chef and the housekeeper did it....
(At the same time) What?
Look at that.
Mr. Sekiguchi has been hung from the balcony.
It's true!
Namik has vertigo and it's impossible for her to go near the balcony.
Yes, that's true, but why didn't Mrs. Shigeko either?
It is believed that the murderer has hung her to make it look like a suicide, right?
And to hang him, you have to look down first.
Because if someone had seen what she was doing right away, they would have called it in.
But if he looked down from the place where he had left Sekiguchi hanging,

would see the spikes on the fence and be afraid of it.
Yes, with the phobia he has of being singled out,
he'd avoid coming over here and maybe he'd hang on one of the sides.
Ahem...
Conan, you are very clever.
Mr. Watabiki, the chauffeur, at the time of the crime,
was the car in which the owner and the lady were on their way to a place.
Therefore, it was impossible for him to have committed the crime.
-No, you can't be serious.
-Only Mr. Akazukin is left.
Look at the second card we gave you a moment ago!
Compare the two papers.
Can't you see that the letters are slightly tilted to one side?
Now that you mention it...
It was therefore highly unlikely that Mr. Akazukin, a true perfectionist, would commit a mistake,
a true perfectionist, would make such an error.
But it could also be
that they pretended that they had these phobias and these manias
to make us think exactly that.
Co-Conan!
As it says in Conan!
it could all be faked manias and phobias.
Anyway, once we've gone downstairs,
we'll start with the interrogations individually.
And we also want to take your fingerprints.
Damn it!
Why the hell do they have to take our fingerprints?
-I beg your pardon.
It's to differentiate them from the killer's prints.
What, the suspects' alibis fit somehow?
No.
Aside from the chauffeur's alibi,
everyone else's alibis are airtight.
We've fingerprinted everyone except the master,
but we still don't have any on the rope or Sekiguchi.
Why haven't you taken prints from the master of the house?
Because he said he would not see anyone today, December 4,
and the apartment has been closed.
Beloved, enough, enough of this color!
Beloved!
"Calm down, do not t'esveris."
If you find out anything we'll talk calmly another time.
- ("they call")
- "What?"
-Dear?
- "Bye, talk to you later."
Oh!
This... it's impossible!
-Dear?
- "Aaaaaaaah!")
It can't be.
It can't be!
Is there anyone else inside?
It's ridiculous!
Didn't you tell me you didn't want to see anyone?
Ma'am, which room does this intercom connect to?
It connects to our bedroom.
(Thinking) "That is, that the room where they have hung Sekiguchi...
"Is it above our bedroom?"
"A rope?"
Co... Conan, what are you doing?
"They stepped on your medicine!"
"Yes, it was true that there was someone."
"As we guessed, there was someone,
"But there is no evidence that the windows were forced open.
"And in this situation it is impossible that they could have neglected to close them."
"What did the murderer do to get inside?"
"In any case, we need to call for an ambulance shortly."
"Although, given the situation, it might be too late."
"What intrigues me is that rope."
"If my deduction is correct, the killer is still..."
What?!
That the little boy with the glasses has entered this apartment?!
Yes.
The rope he had hanging on Sekiguchi was attached to the balcony,
and he used it to climb to the third floor...
-Paris, please.
-Damn brats, open up!
Open the door for fuck's sake!
(Alarm)
(Female voice: repeats) "There is an intruder. There is an intruder."
(Think) "There is an intruder!"
(Doorbell)
- (ding-dong)
- (voice) "There is an intruder..."
- (ding-dong)
- "There is an intruder."
- "There is an intruder."
-Can you tell me what's going on?
What is this alarm?
What has it done?
- "There is an intruder."
- (alarm)
Ah.
(alarm) Excuse me!
The father tried to break in...
and touched the fingerprint detector.
No one on the outside could not touch, but he did.
- "There is an intruder."
- (alarm)
"Press the button that disarms the alarm and open the door, please."
Yes, I'll open it now!
"Do you know what the button is?"
But only Inspector Yokomizo and Kogoro have to go in, right?
Wow.
Too late to tell...
(Door, open)
Master!
(Thinking) "My goodness, if they've all come..."
Oh!
Oooooh!
It seems to be dustless and no longer breathing.
E... dear!
Why?
Why is that?

-I'll tell the bass inspectors.
-I'll go and call an ambulance!
Wait!
I've called an ambulance before,
so nobody move from here!
Hey, Ran.
Yes, Conan, I'm here, say.
"You're still outside the door?"
Then watch out for any suspects coming in or out.
Inspector Yokomizo and Mr. Mouri,
can you check if there's any evidence
that the windows of any rooms on the third floor have been broken into?
That's why!
Take a good look.
Why is that?
There are obvious signs that someone has stepped on the medicines, right?
That means someone was here, right?
Yes.
He scared the owner of the house, who had a bad heart...
caused an arrhythmia and didn't allow him to take his medication.
And then, this rope.
The murderer must have used it to escape.
(At the same time) What?
I didn't see her tremble.
When I heard the owner of the house call on the intercom on the third floor,
"I found this rope in the room below this one,
"But there was nothing hanging there."
(Kogoro) "Wait!"
"It could be that in realizing that I was climbing up to the third floor by the rope,
"The killer re-entered this room."
Indeed...
Scare the owner of the house, cause him to have a heart attack,
take the medicine bottle from him,
stomp the contents into dust.
If he watched as the owner died and then fled,
it wouldn't have taken a minute... but the rope would still be shaking.
In other words,
there's a good chance that the killer is the third floor.
(All) What?
Lla... then we split up selected and look to help each other out.
Yes, you're right!
This would be dangerous!
If they were to collide with the murderer...
But... but... but... if we waste time he will escape!
Eagerness!
It'll be faster if we go after him all at once.
Then we'll do this...
We'll go looking for him room by room.
I'll go in and check the state the windows are in,
and then you can follow me and go in next.
Mouri, you stay in the hallway and watch for any suspects coming in or going out.
Ah... Okay, okay, okay!
All right.
You can all come in now.
It's not...
Not here either...
And now... the next room.
We've been searching one by one,
but we haven't seen any suspicious persons.
In addition, all the windows on this third floor were locked,
and we haven't found any evidence of forced entry.
Hey, Ran!
Can you feel me?
"No."
Did anyone come out of this door?
The three people from the ambulance with a stretcher came in and out,
"But, apart from them, no one else."
This would mean that...
I'd like to say that this kid is talking some nonsense.
"What do you think?"
No!
There is still another possibility!
That when Conan opened the door of the fingerprint identifier,
the murderer, who was on the third floor, got mixed up among us!
It can't be!
Wait a second!
Are you telling me that the killer is among us?
Uh... no...
We came in when we heard the screams of alarm!
Didn't you see that we came in after you?
Well... I remember that the lady of the house has been with us,
but... Mr. Mouri, do you remember?
Eh...?
No, nothing...
"That's why I said only the two of us should go in."
Anyway we'll place an agent in front of the fingerprint identifier
and entry to this third floor will be prohibited.
You two will be re-interviewed as the situation demands.
Is that all right with you?
So, when the screams of the owner of the house have been heard over the intercom,
taken from the lady of the house, who was with us,
the alibi of the 4 of you is really confusing.
They are not confusing!
As explained to the police,
I was in my room and I have not moved from there.
All the rooms are individual.
You should have put an officer guarding all the rooms!
Uh... I...
The problem, rather...
is that if the owner of the house had said that no one would see,
how could the murderer have managed to get inside?
Now that you mention it, at that moment...

My husband's voice over the intercom...
has been mixed with something else.
- ("tricks at the door")
- (Yasue) "We talked later."
(Yasue) "It was like knocking on the door..."
But this noise has not surprised my husband.
"They were knocking?"
And immediately afterwards, he suddenly knocked...
and he started... to have difficulties, right?
(Yasue) Yes...
It's as if the owner of the house asked someone to come over.
(Yasue) This is impossible.
Because of the crime in Sekiguchi,
the owner of the house has even kicked out the investigating policemen,
and locked himself in the room.
"Even if this were the case,
"There is a considerable distance from the door of that room
"To where the intercom is located..."
"I doubt that the mere fact that the murderer opened the door,
"would provoke an attack so strong as to cause death."
"And even if the killer was armed,
"if he had stepped on the intercom, he could have called for help."
"What was he supposed to leave so terrified that he couldn't?"
Recap all the events that have occurred so far.
First of all, tell me about the maritime accident....
that sank that ship in the Gulf of Suruga.
Did you notice anything out of the ordinary before you left?
I went to say goodbye to them at the port.
"But there was nothing unusual.
"Unless Mr. Sekiguchi, the lady's friend, was added to them."
(Yokomizo) "Why was he added to them?"
(Yasue) "He was getting long in the tooth about the crossings."
And since Shigeko and Namik were chilled and we were less,
we invited him.
I also remember that in Sekiguchi he was carrying a bulky power bag.
Well..., what was he carrying?
I think he told us that he was carrying a scuba diving equipment.
I see.
Well, now...
And the people who died on that occasion were:
first, Shigeko's husband and Namiki's father, the chef.
Second: Mr. Watabiki's father who worked as a chauffeur.
Third: Mr. Watabiki's younger brother,
who happened to be added to the voyage.
Fourth: Mr. Akatsuka's wife, who was the stewardess.
Yes, yes.
The owner of the house, Mrs. Kunitomo and Mr. Sekiguchi....
were the only ones who were saved in a boat.
-Yes, they did.
-The others also had a boat?
But we fled so desperately that we don't know if they took it.
Nor do we know if they gave the distress signal.
After this, the owner of the house had a nightmare,
he had a traffic accident, he got a strange card,
the crockery fell at midnight and a lot of noises were heard.
Did no one realize that the events took place on the 4th,
the day of Buddha's death?
We had noticed that it was always the 4th.
It is possible that the owner... did know.
He was on the lookout for bad days and auspicious days,
and he always chose a good omen day to make the crossing.
And on the days before the events happened, he would have Sekiguchi come.
-The day that the owner and the lady were alone and they felt those noises....
Mr. Sekiguchi was with you?
-Madam!
-Yes...
What kind of noises were those?
Let me think...
it was as if something was banging against the wall.
A "bump-bump-bump".
And also like something crunching against some skin...
As if they threw a ball against a wall
and picked it up with a glove.
-Does anyone play baseball?
Ah... I don't play ball, but my late little brother does.
I know... wait a minute...
So there is... there is a ghost?
"The nightmare that would be caused by the housekeeper who made his bed."
"The chauffeur who would cause him to have the accident."
"The chef who would make the crockery fall..."
"And the strange baseball noise."
It's all related to the people who died 13 years ago!
So... it can't be!
It can't be...
The card that said
"Before we wake up, you'll regret your sin again."
meant that everyone would rise again!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Madam!
Ma'am, are you all right?
It's... a curse.
I knew it!

This house has been possessed by spirits!
This is ridiculous.
It is impossible for there to be evil spirits in this world.
But... if it's a ghost,
could it get through that door of the fingerprint identifier?
That's right!
Surely the owner of the house has seen the ghost!
That's impossible!
Oi, Inspector Yokomizo?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Mobile: zzz!)
Ah... no, it's that...
The phone's vibrator started when we were talking about it.
Yes, this is Yokomizo!
Casum!
Ah, it's the scientist?
What is it?
You've got prints on the rope and the flask?
Yes.
Yes, very good, very good.
And given the prints you've found, you're absolutely sure?
We've practically got our killer!
Besides, we've fingerprinted them before.
Those... prints match anyone?
They don't match... to the prints of the people who work here.
They're unexplained... prints... that can't be explained.
This is ridiculous!
And how is this murderer supposed to have gotten through the door?
Answer me!
I don't know...
Yes... he is...
Yes, he is a ghost!
"This is very interesting!"
The president of the company disappeared...
on September 26th, 13 years ago?!
We've finished what he wanted us to do, so we'll get back to work!
- (at the same time) No, there was no one....
-(Kogoro voice) Was there or wasn't there anyone suspicious?!
(Kogoro voice) Yes there was someone in the rooms where you were looking for.
Now we will talk about the truth behind the 2 crimes.
And the next Conan:
"The spirit that appears on the day of Buddha's death, (The solution)."
Sekai tomete gyutto dakiyosete
motto soba ni itai yo
Nando mo kimi ni koi ni ochiteku
Namida Kobo chikadzuku yoake.
Kimi ga kureta nukumori
iki ga tsumarisou na hodós...
Kami ni fureru yubisaki
nakusu koto ga kowakute...
Futari musubitsukeru Kono inryoku de...
Ashita moshi haguretemo kamarazu sagashidasu!
Sekai tomete sotto hohoende,
Zutter soba ni iru kara...
kimi wo terasu mabushii yoake
Douz Kono mama Futari tsutsunde!

