Conan will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we'll go for a new anniversary!
At the climax of the Buddha's death day case, a comment from Ran....
...leads to a deduction!
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
"A rich family that has the mansion located in Shizuoka claimed us."
"In that mansion, for the past few years,
"a series of events had been occurring on the 4th,
"the unlucky day of the Buddha's death."
"And when October 4th came, two victims appeared."
What ?!
That there were footprints on the rope and the flask?
Did those prints match those of any person?
Well, look...
They don't match any of the people working here.
This doesn't make any sense.
THE SPIRIT THAT APPEARS ON THE DAY OF THE DEATH OF BUDDHA, (THE SOLUTION)
That's how they found out it was done by an outsider.
-I guess it won't do anything to them that we're going to rest.
Very well, do.
We'll put an officer in front of your rooms.
You can go to sleep.
Excuse me, what kind of person was he and where did he live in Sekiguchi?
I could swear his company was... Watabiki?
Uh, yes... It was Sekiguchi Security.
It was in the city of Umek in the eastern district of Yokohama.
Yes, you are informed.
Because when he was coming, I had to go looking.
He has a habit of always taking notes.
Mania, you say?
Yes, my brother works.
Now that you mention it, in Yokohama...
(Man) "What's up, brother? Why are you calling me at this hour?"
In Toshimichi Sekiguchi?
Yes, of course I know him...
When he came new I encountered some bumps.
"It was unpleasant. What happened?"
We found him hanging in a mansion in Yokohama called Kunitomo.
And it's not a suicide?
We also have a theory that it could be a murder.
Then we found evidence that someone had killed the owner of the house.
I met him when the family of the company president...
asked us to open an investigation.
An investigation?
Yes.
The president of that company suddenly disappeared.
It happened 13 years ago and he still hasn't turned up today.
Ah!
Thirteen years ago?
Yes.
I'm sure it was in September 13 years ago.
It was the day of the mother's birthday.
That the president of the company disappeared...
on September 26th, 13 years ago?
It seems to me that the ship sank on September 29th.
"3 days earlier?"
And then, that Sekiguchi became the president of the company.
Inspector!
Shall we have a drink when we get back?
Yes, but everyone pays for what he drinks!
Oh!
Couldn't you invite them?
What a bad habit, to be so stingy!
Not Garrepa, thrifty.
Don't smoke.
Goodbye.
(Thinking) "A bad habit..."
"People in this house also have manias and phobias."
You too look tired.
I beg you to go to sleep too.
Excuse me...
Yes, you're right.
Why don't you take a look at the rooms before you go to sleep?
We check whether manias and phobias are true or false!
The phobia of pointy things?
When I was a little girl, my mother asked me to bring her the sewing box,
I fell and she stuck a needle in my forehead!
It would be very painful!
Wow!
Is that why the calendar is taped to it?
Eh?
It's got some days marked on it.
-Yes.
There's my birthday, Namiki's birthday,
Mr. Akazukin's and Watabiki's.
Like my husband, who died on the boat,

Watabiki's father and Mr. Akazukin's wife had been friends,
the family's birthdays were always celebrated together.
Until 20 years ago, when Watabiki's mother died,
I had eight well-marked days;
but now I only have half of them.
If you want to know why I am afraid of heights, ask en Watabiki,
ask Watabiki or Mr. Akazukin.
Who fell from some high place because of them?
And now!
When I was in the fourth grade, I climbed a tree....,
I slipped and en Watabiki caught me and I didn't fall.
And the marks of the wounds?
That time the left arm...
The one that took bad was in Watabiki.
But I didn't remember it until 2 years ago,
when I saw he had that scar on his hand.
Since he always wears gloves...
I didn't remember it because I've always had the wrong idea
that it was the little brother who helped me.
Gee, he's got it all so clean!
Of course he does.
For a chef the first thing is hygiene!
(Kogoro) Yes, I get it....
-Would you mind not snooping around a lady's room?
(Kogoro) I beg your pardon.
This is the wound I got.
Is there a problem?
You even wear gloves in your room.
I wear them all the time except when I take a bath or when I touch the name tag.
And I also take them off when I'm driving and when I'm writing.
Ah, the baseball glove your brother used to wear.
Yes, that was the glove I used when I was little.
And you didn't have one, gloved?
Unlike him, I sucked at sports.
Wow!
You have a lot of things written down on your calendar too!
Once I forgot something very important...
related to the owner.
And since then I write it all down.
What do you mean?
How come I'm such a scrupulous perfectionist?
You have to have a reason for this?
-You are right.
It seems to be true that you are very scrupulous.
The things in the room are set to the millimeter.
-Otherwise, I can't be at ease.
Is there anyone who is the opposite of you?
Let's see, I can't say that I'm sloppy,
but Shigeko tends to leave things out of place.
And in Watabiki and Namik they are very careful with everything.
Wow!
This compass is yours?
Yes.
I just like to walk in the mountains.
Have you noticed that there were letters on Mr. Sekiguchi's watch?
-Yes, there was an E and an N, right?
-What do you mean?
But if it indicated the same as this compass,
the place where the letters were would not be correct.
Why is that?
How do you want me to know?
We've been in all 4 rooms, but come on...,
did you find any details that caught your eye?
No, this little devil's boy has made us dizzy again!
Well, we'll continue with the investigation after we've had some rest?
Yes, good idea.
(Thinking) "What could it be? Nothing fits here."
"It's as if I've missed something."
"What's that uneasy feeling?"
Oh, that's right, Conan!
I bought some new pajamas.
Shall we wear them tonight?
We'll be dressed alike again.
Hm!
The same, you say?
"That's right. This possibility had passed me by!"
"If this were true, I'd have an explanation to discover.....
"The artifice that has been used to assassinate Mr. Sekiguchi,
"To know how the assassin did it to get past the identifier,
"To know how he disappeared from the third floor...
"And why the owner got such a fright!"
Excuse me!
Oh... good job!
Mr. Kogoro said
to gather those 4 people and the lady of the house on the third floor!
What?!
Don't smoke who knows who the murderer is?
Yes!
It seems that he has I know!
Although he must be here and we shouldn't let him escape.
Oh!
He'll start with his show of deductions.
Eh?
In 3 hours?
Yes, but he'll do it in 3 hours.
Yes!
And naturally he told me to ask you for a few things.
I'll be glad to do it!
(Akazukin) What do you want at this time of the morning?
(Kogoro voice) We'll talk about the truth behind the two crimes...
and whether the murderer is among you.
First we'll start with the murder of Mr. Sekiguchi.

But... but wasn't it supposed to have been committed by an outsider?
Indeed, with Namiki's vertigo, it was impossible...
that she could hang a person from the third-floor balcony.
And the Shigeko, with her phobia of sharp things,
would have avoided a position from which she could see the spikes.
Next, we have the note that was among the clothes of in Sekiguchi.
He wrote crookedly to one side,
and he, with his perfectionism, would never make this mistake.
And at the time of the murder,
in Watabiki was carrying the owner and the lady of the house to the hospital.
So who was it?
I hope you're not insinuating that we've been faking this kind of mania!
No...
Although the Namiki's room is clean as a whistle,
the only place that was left was the windows of the room.
This shows that the phobia prevents her from going near the windows.
The Shigeko had the calendar taped to the wall....
And even though we had come to see it unannounced,
Mr. Akazukin's room was meticulously tidy.
No one here has lied to pretend to be a crank.
Now we will review the second crime.
"It would be necessary to know how the murderer did it?
"To get through the door with the fingerprint identifier,
"How he got into the third floor and gave the owner a heart attack,
"And how he disappeared without a trace."
"The only thing I can think of...
"Is that, seeing that the rope he had tied to the balcony to escape...
"I was using it on Conan to climb..,
"He would have returned to the mansion and mingled with us...
"When we opened the door to the fingerprint detector."
But they're supposed to have come out of it
with the prints on the flask and the rope!
Those were the prints of their accomplice.
(At the same time) An accomplice?
Yes, the murders were committed by 2 people.
One moment, one moment!
Which one of us would have let this suspicious person in?
The owner had said he wouldn't see anyone until the day was over.
But then, we've been searching the rooms on the third floor,
and we didn't find anyone.
Yes, there was no one suspicious...
and we didn't find any evidence that he fled over the balcony either.
I repeat, where the hell was that accomplice?
-Look, I called you because we wanted to reproduce the scene of the investigation.
It could be that... something might have slipped past us.
(Yokomizo) Listen, now we'll check the rooms one by one...
but unlike last time, I'll be the last person to enter!
This way, I'll be able to check if anyone is behaving suspiciously.
Is that clear?
But I want Mr. Watabiki to play my role...
and have him check the windows and balconies right now!
-Yes!
-Did you understand?
(Call) We'll start with the study next to the bedroom!
Obviously, if they find anything or notice anything strange, they'll let me know immediately!
you have to call me immediately!
You don't need to call us like a madman, we're already sorry!
Oh, excuse me...!
It's just that when I get excited, I have the habit of raising my voice...
Au, you go first, Mr. Watabiki.
Yes.
Let's see... The windows are closed tightly...
And... there doesn't seem to be anyone on the balcony...
-Yes, of course.
So now we can go in, right?
But doing this will make you find out something?
Yes.
Now the next room.
Please don't dawdle.
There's no one suspicious out in the hallway.
All right.
Thank you very much, Conan!
Apa!
There was nothing in the end!
We've finished what I wanted us to do, so we'll get back to work!
-Before you say any more nonsense, answer one question.
Was there really no one suspicious?
Was there or wasn't there anyone suspicious?
Yes or no!
Answer!
(At the same time) No, there was no one....
(Kogoro voice) Yes, there was someone in the rooms where you searched.
We've said it before!
There was no one, no one!
Don't you see a suspicious person behind Inspector Yokomizo?
(At the same time) Twins?
It's my younger brother, from Kanagawa Prefectural Police.
Nice to meet you.
I'll be going now.
Don't tell the big shots I had anything to do with it.
-Okay, thank you very much.

What kind of answer is it that you are twins?
We refer to the following...
"First, the killer has operated like this."
"He has put himself behind the people we were checking the rooms.
"And he would be the last one to come out."
"The accomplice did not come out,
"but would be found in the next room."
"And when in Yokomizo has finished checking the windows,
"At the same time as the inspector allowed everyone to enter,
"The accomplice mingled with everyone."
And if that person was a twin brother who dressed alike,
they could swap without anyone noticing,
just as Inspector Yokomizo has done before.
-But... -Where is he supposed to be?
Nobody has a twin!
Oh!
That's right...
I was surprised when the lady told me about the birthdays.
On the Watabiki's side, Mr. Watabiki's birthday,
his parents' and his brother's.
On the Shigeko's side, hers and her husband's and the Namiki's.
The Akazukin's and his wife's.
9 anniversaries.
But he said they were celebrated on 8 different dates.
Therefore, 2 people would have been born on the same day.
And when I felt the story of how the Namiki fell from the tree,
I was already sure.
The person she remembered who had helped her was someone identical.
That is to say that you and your twin brother were accomplices...
for having committed these murders.
What the hell are you talking about?!
Your brother died in the accident 13 years ago!
What if he hadn't died then?
What if he had swum to a beach and was still alive?
"Proof of that would be the scar on his palm...
"When he was badly wounded in catching the Namik he didn't fall."
"But when we got to the mansion and he had been driving,
"We saw that he didn't have that wound."
"And the circles that were on the calendar," he said,
"They were changing according to the day."
Sometimes he would trade off for his little brother.
If he took note of what was important
and shared that block with his brother,
they could impersonate the same person.
And all for that day, the day they would assassinate Mr. Sekiguchi!
"First, he sent his brother with the owner and Mrs....
"To the hospital in the car to build an alibi."
"Next, the older brother, who was in the house on the sly,
"He made Sekiguchi open the door...
"And, taking advantage of an oversight, he strangled her and hung her."
"Then, a few hours later...,"
he returned to the third floor and killed the owner of the house.
But the owner said he would not see anyone.
At the time he murdered in Sekiguchi,
he theoretically was with the owner,
so in Watabiki would like to see him, because he didn't suspect.
"The owner must have been really shocked."
"In front of his have appeared 2 men with the same appearance."
and on top of that, one of them had theoretically died 13 years ago.
In addition, he had expressly left his brother's fingerprints on
on the glass jar and on the rope.
They wanted us to believe that there was no way to find the murderer.
And made us rule him out as a suspect.
-We didn't find it before.
-But where is the other one, you say?
That's why we had Mr. Watabiki check the windows
and I've been ordering them what to do by shouting.
In this way, the accomplice, who was in some room,
could feel us.
Because if he was hiding on the balcony we wouldn't find him.
Hey, there are a lot of agents around the house!
- (all) Oooooh!
-Porti'ns-el, please!
No, they won't need to.
Big brother!
(all) -Yes.
-So, do you recognize your crime?
Wait a moment!
-Where is my father?
-If you are alive...
And my wife?
Surely... they must be dead...
because some people let them die.
What happened?
What happened 13 years ago?
Answer, come on!
While we were making the crossing,
the boat started doing strange things,
and he put me in the water to check why.
"There was a bag tangled in the propeller."
Out of it came... a person's hand.
A person's hand?

Surely, he was the president of the company...
where he worked in Sekiguchi 13 years ago, the man who disappeared.
He decided to go the crossing suddenly, to throw the body into the sea.
"The fifth spirit that the first card talked about...
"It referred to that man..."
Ma'am, did you know he was going to throw that body into the sea?
No!
No, I did not!
When I told everyone that there was that,
Mr. Sekiguchi pushed the father, who was driving the boat,
"And it took off at full speed."
"But as the propeller was not working well,
"With this acceleration the boat capsized."
And in Sekiguchiva they fled with the owner and the lady
to the only lifeboat he had inflated.
No, it is not true!
I wanted to call for help and go back.
But in Sekiguchi...
"They must not have been saved!"
"Don't tell anyone, you're accomplices in leaving them to die!"
This is what he said.
We all grabbed a float,
but we thought that if we went on like that we would end up dead.
"And I, who had the most strength left, went to call for help."
"But I lost consciousness as I tried to do so.
"And when I regained it, it was in a hospital and I had lost my memory."
"I got out of the hospital and was wandering,
"And two years ago I met my brother by chance."
And I was getting my memories back.
I met my brother the day after I had the accident.
"Even though it was due to my carelessness," he said,
"The owner kept apologizing like an exasperated man,
"And it all started to seem strange to me..."
That night, when I was talking to my brother, I understood.
So, the nightmare and the accident happened coincidentally on the 4th.
Yes, that's why we wanted to use this fact to take revenge.
Because now, even if we told the police, there would be no proof.
But if they found the ship that had sunk....
It was impossible!
Because we told the police that it had sunk in the Gulf of Suruga.
At the coordinates 34 degrees 45 minutes north latitude and 30 degrees east latitude.
The N and E that was on the watch!
The N indicates the 45 degrees north latitude
and E indicates 30 degrees east latitude.
On the coast of Shizuoka, the northern latitude is about 34 degrees.
Surely it must have sunk to those coordinates.
Ah, so this was it?
Why did it have to be the day of Buddha's death?
The ship's accident was on November 29.
Because 13 years ago, the day the owner went to the police...
and had the search for the ship shut down was October 4.
"After that, they found that the currents had carried it away,
"But they found the boat and there was still the bag on the propeller."
"The problem that started to make my day was..."
Conan, please.
Come and take a picture together!
It's so beautiful!
"With this pajamas that looks like a stuffed animal? Never! It would look like a panda!"
"I felt as if someone was watching me. Must it be my imagination?
"A camera? And besides... Why?"
"Why is the detective agency spying?"
"Don't tell me it's those men in black? Oops, no! I'm screwed!"
And the next Conan: "A very nice house in the city of Beika."
("Thank you for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

