Conan will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we'll go for a new anniversary!
Two mysterious old men in a newly built house.
Their looks worry me.
The target is me and Haibara?
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
In the city of Beika?
Understood.
Conan, do you know that near your house they have built a new house?
A new house?
I don't know...
-What kind of house is it?
-It's very big, eh?
No, it's a small and very nice house.
It looks like that's the house of your dreams...
Yes.
When I get married, I want to live in a house like that one...
(At the same time) What?
Get married?
Conan, do you want to see him back home?
(Half laugh) What are you insinuating?
Nothing at all...
-Come on, Ayumi, let's go see it alone!
-Stop being such a spoilsport.
Genta, why do you have to come too?
And you too!
Conan, hurry up!
- (Genta) Why did you call Conan? - (Mitsuhiko) That's right!
What's wrong?
No, I noticed as if someone was watching me.
What? Must be my imagination.
a very nice house in the city of beika
- (Mitsuhiko) Now I understand. (Genta) Was it this house?
"It has, Mitsuhiko, do aaaaah."
"Genta, you are incorrigible, have you already finished your lunch?"
(Think) "Come on, what are you imagining?"
It's true, it's a small house, but very nice.
Isn't it?
Conan, do you like this kind of houses?
Do you?
You're telling me? Yes, you...
-Why do you ask Conan? -Why do you ask Conan? -He has nothing to do with this!
Because he could be the person I'll marry in a few years!
I should know his tastes...
Ayumi, don't say that!
To find out, we should see what the inside of the house looks like.
He's already felt us out.
Will you let us see what it's like inside?
You're kidding, right?
What I've heard is enough...
That girl's parents are looking for a house.
-If she'd like it... -If she'd like it... -(Ai) Huh?
(Ai) Maybe they'd come to buy it.
I'll... I'll show you what the house looks like!
On the second floor, there are 2 rooms with 6 tatamis,
with bathtub, washbasin and toilet.
(Ay) The second room is the children's room?
That's right.
The architect who designed it has made it with a family in mind
thinking of a family with parents in their early 30's with 2 children.
On the second floor, a dining room with 16 tatami mats and the kitchen.
- (Ayumi) It is very big!
- (Mitsuhiko) And bright!
And it has a room with 8 tatamis facing the street.
-It also has a third floor. Yes, they are a garret!
They are the jewel of the house!
This place is very interesting!
There's a window here too!
- (Ayumi) Oh!
You can see the sky! -And at night you can see the stars.
(All) Oooooh!
Mmmm?
(Think) "Oh. The detective agency."
"You can see it from here..."
What did you think?
(Ai) Loft and the living room I really liked, but....
(Ai) The rooms on the second floor were dark.
-It lacks more of a garden. The steps are very steep.
Since it was built in a small area, they could have done better.
Tell me, will you recommend it to your parents?
Recommend what?
He-he-he... Like "what"?
Eh?
Come on, we've already seen the inside of the house!
-The floor plan was a little bit too rough... It's easier to live in my house.
What?
That they have already sold that house?
Yesterday, the mother passed by, and there was the "sold" sign.
-And then she confirmed it to him: "What a pity, right?

You liked that house so much, didn't you, Ayumi?
But inside I didn't like it so much anymore.
You don't have to be sad, Ayumi.
I'll build you a much better house!
Why the hell do you have to build a house in the Ayumi?
I'll do it myself!
Maybe a family with 2 children will have bought it, like we were told.
Yeah, I guess so.
It looks like they're a grandfather and grandmother in their 70s.
"A grandfather and a grandmother?"
Strange, that house is not designed for 2 grandparents to live in.
You're right.
It has 3 floors and, besides, it has steep stair treads.
But that doesn't matter.
Everyone can do as he/she pleases.
"Hisashi Udo."
(Mitsuhiko) What a strange name.
Eh?
Guys?
-If you put the name... -It means you've already moved.
Guys, why is he here?
We thought you might be curious and come here.
-If you have a doubt, don't settle until you find an explanation.
-Those are the fundamentals of any detective.
"Madre mia mia..." (door, open)
Oh, hello, children...
(All) Good morning!
Boys, you're from the neighborhood, right?
We moved in today.
If you feel like it, you can come in...
Come and tell me things about this city, please.
Yes, with pleasure!
We can tell you all about Beika!
-We know where they serve great eel and rice bowls.
Well, I'll get going.
Get up, you devil!
Well, I'm passing that I have work.
See you now.
All the best. Goodbye, sir!
So you're detectives?
Yes!
There's no one from Beika who doesn't know...
-...the Junior Detective League!
We're as famous as Kojima's wine cellar, you know?
You have.
Thank you!
Excuse me, please.
It's just that they haven't sent us the furniture yet.
It's all right!
Madam, you live in this house with that old man?
That's right.
Aren't you afraid that the steps are so steep?
Not at all.
Even when I was young, I always wanted to live in a house like this.
Yes, I understand very well what you mean!
Grandma also says she would like to live in a skyscraper.
Besides... My son's house is near here, you know, guys?
(Mitsuhiko) I understand.
But he has to be careful anyway.
(Grandma) Thank you, you're very kind.
- (Mitsuhiko) It was all great. Goodbye!
I have already solved the doubt.
They have bought this house so that her son lives near here.
And she wanted to live in a house like that.
But there's something that doesn't fit me.
What is it?
What is it?
No, nothing.
I can't put it into words...
Eh?
The day after tomorrow? Yes.
(Thinking) "What's wrong with me? What is it that doesn't fit?"
"When I was young, I always wanted to live in a house like this."
"Get up, you devil!"
"Is that it? That's what doesn't fit me?"
"But it's normal for a grandfather to make a gesture like that."
"It's more like it then... Why did he make that face?"
Hey, Conan, can you feel me? What?
The day after tomorrow, Father and I will go to the Buddhist ceremony service.
You'll have to take care of the house.
You're always over the moon.
Oh, was that it?
Excuse me, excuse me.
Oh! Oh, stopper, don't think about things.
Stopper, don't think strange thoughts while we're having dinner.
Ouch!
You've hurt me!
Oh, Father!
"A cab! So, bad!"
"Coi!" (Horn)
Shinichi, what are you doing here, di?
Perfect, doctor!
You've arrived at the right time!
Excuse me, but follow the cab that has gone before!
Eagerness, doctor!
Uh, yes...
But even if you say... that something does not fit,
I do not see that old man has a strange behavior at all.
Many older people put their hand on the floor to get up.
I had thought so too...
If the lady made a grimace with her eyebrows,
it would be because she was tired of being told
that when she got up she should get up properly and without leaning on anything.
It must be very unpleasant for her to make geezerly gestures.
"This is geezerly!"
Forgive me for interrupting you when you were on your way to shop.
Do come back, if you like.
It's all right to figure things out until you find an explanation,
but you mean you have to go alone?
Don't worry about it!
Shi... Shinichi.

What would Ai do in a case like this?
(Man) Yes!
If this is what you are looking for and you trust me....
I will collaborate with you in everything you want.
Ah! (I think-I think)
-Mm? -Mm?
"Oops, no! I'm screwed!"
"I finally made it home from there."
"Who was that Chinese guy? And what the hell is that grandfather hiding?"
"Is that house in that direction?"
"What if it was that one?"
"In the window of that attic..."
"A camera? And, moreover... why?"
"Why spy on the detective agency?"
"Photograph the city? Or maybe...?"
"What's wrong?"
"No, I felt like someone was watching me."
"The target is me?"
"Don't tell me... what are those men in black?!"
What do you think, Haibara?
Have you seen anyone like them at the organization?
No?
But there's a possibility that it's someone in disguise...
Disguised? Yes.
Disguised...?
(Shot)
Shin?
Shin!
Shin!
I knew it was you, Mother.
Long time no see, Yukiko.
Ah..., Dr. Agasa...
We've been well caught, Yukiko.
This time he's agreed with the doctor.
This one, you'll remember.
Hey, how did you know?
Instead of asking me that, you should have given me an explanation.
Why the hell did he do it, something like that?
You see, the day before yesterday we went back to Japan...
because in Yusaku I wanted to collect data to write a novel.
- "In the city of Beika?" - "Okay."
"Once we got back home, we started to worry about you...
"And I went to the school to see how you were doing."
(Ayumi) "I arrived when you were leaving school with your friends."
- (Ayumi) "Conan, hurry up!" - (Genta) "Why are you calling on Conan?"
(Mitsuhiko) "This very thing!"
Shin, wren, you're so smart!
I thought you had seen me.
When I saw what you looked like and that you were fine,
I was calmer.
"But suddenly it occurred to me
"That I could check how my reiet lived like Conan,
"without having to tell him we were back in Japan."
I wouldn't have to give you for these things.
But as I was walking around town and I was thinking of a way to make
so that you wouldn't find out I was watching you,
I found this house by chance.
"It's a small house, but I liked it."
"And when I half-jokingly walked in,
"I noticed what you could see from there."
"It was the detective agency!"
Then he came up with a formidable idea.
Llogaríem that house for a week,
"We would disguise ourselves as old people...
"And we could secretly observe your daily life."
Yusaku, too, found it a very interesting idea.
Also, when we asked the real estate man,
the director of the agency told me he was one of my fans.
"What a thrill!"
And then he told us that we could rent it.
And... I was quite surprised that you came the next day.
But since I used to be an actress, I knew I had a talent for fooling you,
although in Yusaku, in Yusaku it's...
Yes.
That forced gesture she made made me hesitate.
"Up, demon!"
So, you...?
Yes, just as you said,
it wasn't unusual for an older person to put their hand on the ground,
"But they do it when no one sees them."
"Because in front of someone, they make an effort not to show any weakness."
Even in the world of acting,
when a young person plays a big one they make these gestures.
That's why you made a grimace with your eyebrows, right?
Ah, you saw me?
I did.
I thought: "he's already screwed up".
What did you want me to do?
I'm a mystery writer, I'm not an actor.
But, Father, your performance was quite good.
You noticed that the doctor and I were following you, didn't you?
Yes, I noticed.
The owner of that Chinese store...
had been the leader of a gang of thieves who were kind to the poor.
I went to that Chinaman's store...
to gather information for the next book of the Baron of the Night:
"The Man of the Night versus the Mysterious Chinaman."
"And when I asked him to scare you a little..."
Ha-ha-ha!
I was scared when he threw the sword at you.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! -Yusaku!

Ah... Anyway, don't you think you've given too much?
Please forgive us.
It's just that we were really worried about the kind of life you were leading.
Now you're always living far away from us.
And if we were to ask you directly,
you'd tell us that everything would be fine with you.
We wanted to know.... We wanted to know how you were really doing.
"Oh... Mother..."
And now that you were little again, I wanted your pictures....
In wanted to have a good stack!
What?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh.
There's no match for the mother.
He-he-he-he-he-he...
(Ayumi) That grandfather and grandmother have already left...
As we said, this house is not made for old people.
-But it had a very funny name.
It was...
"Hisashi Udo."
"How come I didn't notice something so simple?"
"The letters can be read directly as Udoku."
"And if we switch the U and the KU around.... He-he-he-he-he..."
"It was obvious."
Au!
Let's go see familiar places and drink and eat like desperadoes!
(Sirens)
Maybe something has happened.
(Sirens) Eh?
(Kogoro) This is... It can't be!
And the next Conan: "The Sword of Yamata-No-Orochi, (part one)."
("Thanks for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

