Conan will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we will go for a new anniversary!
That people meet each other may be divine coincidence?
The mystery of a case comparable to Yamata-no-Orochi challenges Conan.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Au!
Let's go see familiar places and drink and eat like desperate!
(Think) "What a difference from what I was saying when I was going by plane."
"That I'm dying, that I'm dying..."
"This time, we've come to the cradle of legends, to Izumo."
THE SWORD OF Yamata-no-Orochi, (PART ONE)
"I understand that the Ran dedicates a fervent prayer,
"To the god of marriage of the temple of Izumo, but..."
I beseech you, grant me a happy marriage.
"See, what kind of marriage is he supposed to want?"
I'll put him here.
This is awesome!
A good marriage, a good marriage...
Oh!
Come on...
This is the biggest holy knot in the whole country.
Yes, it's something immense!
That's nothing, it's insurmountable!
-Wow!
5 tons?
- (woman) It weighs 5 tons in total.
You're Kogoro Mouri, the famous detective, right?
Yes...
You're more attractive au naturel than... on TV.
Ahem...
Excuse me, do you work at this temple?
My name is Eiko Ezumi.
I work at a boarding house on the way to the temple.
Oh, a boarding house?
Ah, I'm his daughter, Ran.
And he's at Conan.
Hello, how are you?
Excuse me, miss, why are those coins?
It's true, there's a lot of money stuck in there.
It's a matter of tradition.
They say if it's nailed in right, it'll grant you your wish.
This means that it blesses you with a happy marriage.
Very good!
Come on, let's go!
(Clink)
How is it...?
Coi de...!
(Clink) Come on!
Ah! (Clink)
(Clink) Damn it!
"Looks like he'll never get it in his whole life..."
I'm a little envious.
It's great to be born in the land of happy marriages.
The truth is that, in principle, I was coming for marriage stuff.
In principle?
That you have a partner you don't like very much?
I already have!
That man is poor.
I think he has money, because he runs a big company.
-Then he has a bad temper!
Bad temper and rich: the worst combination...
I'd better let this marriage go.
But, father!
Oh!
But I can't refuse because of a number of circumstances.
Marriage is something
you have to do with someone you really prefer.
-Koji Wanibuchi says to himself.
-What's that person's name?
Even if there is something
that forces him to marry against his will to Wanibuchi,
it seems to me an abuse of power.
Father!
Excuse me, father sometimes....
That's all right.
Mr. Mouri says it for my sake.
Eh?
Au, Conan.
Eh?
Some reproductions?
Do you want to go see some models?
Before Izumo temple was this kind of building?
The world of legends!
This looks very nice...
They say it was the largest temple in the whole country.
You will find the details...
-It's a temple dating back to the late Heian era...
Ryo!
Excuse me, wait a moment.
Yes.
It's at Ryosuke Fukumi, a childhood friend.
He's been into ancient history since he was a little boy
and is happy to do the work he does.
It seems that, actually, the Eiko, he likes this Fukumi....
Yes... I'm sure he likes her too.
...who are the most important supports...
This fits me already.
...measured the whole structure.
Along with the big pillar, with three gigantic 3...
As you have not been able to retain it,
now it turns out that the Eiko will be taken by a rich miser with a bad temper!
I beg your pardon?
Father!
Mr. Mouri!
I beg your pardon.

Don't worry, don't worry.
Mr. Mouri, I am grateful for what you have done for me.
It was nothing... You be brave.
"What you say makes a lot of sense, but I don't know what you're thinking..."
"And the next day a crime took place."
- (sirens)
-Can you tell me what happens now?
(Man) A value of 10 million?
Then it's very clear.
(Kogoro) She was stabbed in the back with a knife?
-(Man) Civilians are not allowed to enter!
(Kogoro) Huh?
Don't tell me you're...?
My name is Mouri.
I'm a private detective from Tokyo.
I knew it!
I know your activities!
I'm Yamane from the Izumo police station.
-What a surprise to have you here.
-And I'm in Komura, also from Izumo.
(Kogoro) It was around here and I decided to come over.
(Yamane) It doesn't seem like the kind of case
that needs the help of a well-known detective like you.
(Yamane) What do you mean?
The victim is the manager of Wanibuchi Company.
Mr. Koji Wanibuchi, 35 years old.
This is all we know.
Koji Wanibuchi... Eh ?!
He was the fiancé Eiko told us about!
"Has that man been murdered?"
Oh, you knew who he was?
He was a businessman famous in the region for his skills.
The first ones to find him were that couple.
They are from the region.
This is not the kind of place where a tourist would come.
He died around one o'clock in the afternoon...
We believe the victim's watch was broken when she fell to the ground.
We have no doubt about this.
The motive for the murder is simply hatred?
If he was business savvy he certainly had a lot of enemies,
and I understand he also had a bad temper.
-He was not a person with a very good reputation,
but this assassin's aim was to steal the sword,
worth 10 million yen.
A sword worth 10 million?
This is Mr. Wanibuchi's notebook.
Today at noon he was supposed to go to pick up the sword
to an antique dealer in town
to serve as collateral for the repayment of a loan.
The antique dealer told us that Mr. Wanibuchi went at noon.
After receiving the sword, Mr. Wanibuchi came here.
We don't know why,
"But he was seen upright with the sword in his hand shortly before one o'clock."
However, when the body was found, the sword was nowhere to be found.
"Consequently, the murderer,
"Who would have seen her with the sword to the antique dealer,
"was to follow Mr. Wanibuchi."
It is a simple case of robbery with a mortal victim
to get a piece of great value.
Therefore, there is nothing for a detective.
I see what you mean!
(Laughs outrageously)
(Thinking) "Really, it's as simple a case as it seems?"
"Why did he have to come expressly all the way here?"
"And on top of that, with a 10 million sword."
What are you sweeping, you now?
Aaaaaaaah!
I'm not sweeping anything!
I'm sorry that Mr. Wanibuchi has died,
but this way the Eiko will be better off.
Ran...
She shouldn't get married.
It's not right to say these things... But you told her too, father.
That to continue with it was to accept an abuse of power.
Yes, I recognize it, I recognize it.
This case resembles
the legend of the Yamata-No-Orochi extermination, doesn't it?
The extermination, you say?
It is a legend.
One from in Susano-O-No-Mikoto.
In Yamata-No-Orochi had kidnapped
"A princess of great beauty,
"And then appeared in Susano-O-No-Mikoto."
"Thanks to that exterminated in Yamata-No-Orochi,
"He was able to save the princess."
"He even resembles her, because of the fact that he got Orochi's sword!"
Right?
See, in Susano-O-No-No-Mikoto could be a hero,
but there's nothing heroic about the assassin!
Maybe he happens to have helped the Eiko,
but he is the author of a robbery with a mortal victim.
I already know that.
I'm just saying that he looked like
the legend of the extermination of Yamata-No-Orochi.
Yes... Yeah...
Oi, Conan?
"But it wasn't a case of robbery with a victim like any other."
"When the gods of Japan gathered at Izumo once a year,
"they would land on this beach of Inasa!"
You are not listening to me... Hey, I'm telling you!
Maybe something happened.
(Dog: borda)

(barking)
This is... It can't be!
(Boy) According to the statement of the owner of the antique shop, it is the sword.
I thought so...
If he wanted to hide it,
it is incongruous that he put a treasure like this in the sand.
-He didn't want to hide it, he wanted to get rid of it because it was no longer of any use to him.
He took it from the scene to create a smokescreen.
He wanted us to think it was a robbery with a fatality.
"It's likely..."
"The killer's real aim was to murder Mr. Wanibuchi."
The real motive for the murder was his hatred for him.
Hurry up, make a complete list.
Look for people who would want to take revenge on him on business
and people with whom he might have conflicts in his private life.
Ah, no...
That he wanted nothing?
"After he had informed himself and made the list,
"The police called 4 people the next day."
"Among these 4 people, there was the Eiko and in Fukumi."
Next, I want you to explain everything one by one;
but first I'll introduce you to a person
who will collaborate with us in this investigation.
Detective Kogoro Mouri.
How do you do?
The... The famous detective?
Ah, excuse me.
I didn't imagine that famous detective would come to Izumo.
Mr. Kazuya Ishitobi, we started with you.
Yes.
According to our information,
you received an offer of joint management from Wanibuchi
to manage the Ishitobi, a noodle restaurant in Izumo.
Joint management?
And a black lamb!
"I will prepare everything.
"Because the working fund is only from the Wanibuchi company."
"Letting me use the name of Ishitobi
"Will allow me to deploy myself all over the country."
"This is a magnificent offer."
"It's impossible for you to refuse this offer, isn't it?"
He was threatening me with his money to appropriate the Ishitobi,
which has 200 years of tradition!
I get it.
Next, you, Mr. Fujie.
You run the wedding banquet hall Ryoun Tower.
In my case, Mr. Wanibuchi told me about it.
(Wanibuchi) "The company is also thinking....
"Getting into wedding banquet hall management."
"But it would make me lazy to steal customers from Ryoun Tower."
"So I have a proposal."
"I will introduce capital from my company to this business.
"And from now on we'll run it jointly."
"What do you say, Fujie, partner...?"
I wanted to take it!
Did you say "partner"?
In Wanibuchi he was a few courses behind me
at Teito University of Economic Sciences.
Ah, at the university...
-The name of that guy means "crab",
but in reality he had the character of a snake.
He swallowed all the shots he wanted to capture.
He was like Orochi!
I see.
You, Miss Ezumi,
related to in Wanibuchi because of business, right?
Yes, our Sunrise Guesthouse also had a long tradition,
but the building was getting older and older.
And we couldn't afford to renovate it.
One day, a businessman from Tokyo...
told us he wanted to buy our land
to transform it into a modern hotel.
But when the father was about to give up...
(Wanibuchi) "It's an outrage that they are destroying the Salida del Sol,
a boarding house with so much history!
"Let me help you refurbish it with my capital! For Izumo!"
(Eiko) "It took us by surprise,
"Because what we had heard from him was that he was acting in his own interests."
"The father accepted it and we reformed the pension. But..."
"That we married my daughter to you?"
"Why are you telling us that, all of a sudden?"
- "There's nothing sudden about it."
"I put money to reform this pension
"Because I wanted this to be my future wife's home."
(Eiko) "I had planned it all out."
If she refused the engagement, we had to return the money to her immediately.
It's unfair...
My parents would rather get rid of the allowance
than let me get married.
But I know that very well.
That pension
that has been passed down from generation to generation is important to them.
Mr. Fukumi, he was reluctant to leave you to your fate...
and went to see many, many times in Wanibuchi

to demand that he release her from the engagement, right?
I also deeply detested that man.
Next, we will talk about the time...
Mr. Wanibuchi's death occurred.
I want you to tell me where you were and what you were doing at one o'clock yesterday noon.
-To Matsue Castle?
-I was at Matsue Castle!
"I went alone, so I don't have anyone who can confirm it."
Ah, I signed the guest book of the castle tower.
Mr. Fukumi?
I had the day off yesterday,
so I went to visit the old grand temple station.
I stayed from before noon until 3 o'clock.
"I go there often; I feel at ease."
But I went alone;
I have no witness to confirm it.
You, Mr. Ishitobi.
-I went to the Izumo Folk Culture Palace.
I also... was alone.
And to finish... Miss Ezumi?
I went to Hinomisaki.
"I was alone..."
"It was still early for the sea mouse season."
and I didn't see any.
Komura, form teams and go check it out.
They are all very touristy places, many people must have seen them.
That is, if what they said is true....
(Think) "Indeed."
(Door, open)
What did you get?
(Door, open) Good.
We were able to verify Mr. Fujie's statement.
There was Mr. Fujie's signature,
and the people who signed it saw it in the castle at five past one.
"At five past one..."
"He was signing the guest book,
"At the same time the victim was killed?"
From Matsue Castle to Inome, the scene of the crime,
it takes 40 minutes to an hour by car.
This means that they no longer suspect me.
The problem is the other 3 people we have left.
We have not been able to find any witnesses to confirm that they were there.
- (Kogoro) Not a single one?
-For them, not a single one.
But just because we didn't confirm the alibi doesn't mean we can hold them.
We'll talk to you again on other occasions...
But first we want to take your statement.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Miss Eiko and... Mr. Fukumi are not the murderers, are they?
"But how do you understand that there are no witnesses?"
"It would only be explained if they were lying."
(Mobile: pip)
Yes, Yamane.
Yes... Ah... Yes, what?
Really? (Mobile: pip)
Yes...
-Yes!
-Call back on Ryosuke Fukumi!
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon, a witness saw a man...
burying something strange on Inasa beach.
He was a thin and rather tall man.
What?
We found traces of sand from the Inasa beach
and soil from Inome at his shoes.
It was you, wasn't it, the murderer at Wanibuchi?
I will not answer.
Absolute silence?
Yes..., but if he had committed it,
we'd have an explanation why no one saw him at the station.
He would have died in Wanibuchi to Inome...
and he would have gone to Inasa to get rid of the sword.
It is very clear.
It was Mr. Ryosuke Fukumi.
It can't be!
"We have sand and dirt on our shoes and no one has seen it....,
"So it could be that he took the sword from the scene...
"and buried it on the beach."
"But to decide it was him without more evidence is going too fast."
"I went to Hinomisaki."
"That reaction..."
"Mr. Fukumi knew where the Eiko really was."
"What is the meaning of this?"
Ep.
Where are you going?
Marrec of hell, you don't enter interrogation rooms like this!
This is not done, Conan!
It's just that I thought that if Fukumi didn't want to say anything,
it was because he must be covering up for the real killer.
"I knew it..."
You see, Kogoro?, I'm sure it's true.
Surely he saw how the killer attacked in Wanibuchi to the caves.
But, tell me, who must this killer be?
There is only one person he could cover up for.
You saw Miss Eiko Izumi commit the murder.
That's why you took the sword
and wanted to make it look like it was a robbery.
I was the one who did the murder in Wanibuchi!
"It's too late. Talking now won't do you any good..."
That I killed her?
I didn't do it!
Then tell me where you were at the time of the murder in Wanibuchi.
You said you were in Hinomisaki, but no one has seen you.

Neither the lighthouse employees nor a single shopkeeper at the stops!
-I was....
-Come on, speak up!
"It's the same with her as with Mr. Fukumi."
"She's covering for someone..."
"I had the day off,
"so I went to visit the old grand temple station."
"It could be that..."
Since you know that in Fukumi is the killer, you look at it from that, right?
Sure, I could see it coming.
Please!
Ran, come with me for a moment!
Conan, what's wrong?
What's the meaning of all this, Mr. Mouri?
They're a pair that cover for each other.
Oooh.
Who's the real killer?
Is it possible that they are not the murderers?
And where do we go now, Conan?
That's what I intend to prove!
At the old station!
We're done with all the suspects cleared.
Yes, it seems so, Mouri.
"What's the meaning of this?"
"How come yesterday they started putting the hours all of a sudden?!"
I don't think so.
That they had gotten the wrong idea?
(Kogoro voice) This is Mr. Mouri.
I'd like to meet you.
I'll tell you the reason when we meet.
And the next Conan: "The Sword of Yamata-No-Orochi, (part two)"
("Thank you for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

