Conan will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, we will go for a new anniversary!
Caring about a person causes a misunderstanding,
but at the end of the case is the real killer!
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
"We went on a journey to Izumo, the land of legends,
"And we found a woman named Eiko Ezumi at the great temple of Izumo."
"The next day, the man whom Eiko was to marry was murdered...
"And it was the theft of a sword valued at 10 million."
"She and her childhood friend
"Were also among the four suspects."
I want you to tell me where you were and what you were doing at 1:00 noon yesterday.
First, you, Mr. Fukumi.
I had the day off,
and I went to visit the old grand temple station.
And you, Miss Ezumi?
I went to Hinomisaki.
Miss Eiko and Mr. Fukumi are not the murderers, are they?
"But how do you understand that there isn't a single witness?"
"It could only be explained if they were lying."
THE SWORD OF Yamata-no-Orochi, (PART TWO)
I have no doubt.
Madam, you are sure of that?
I've known her since she was born, the Eiko, from the Sunrise.
This was yesterday shortly after noon?
Yes, I think it was one o'clock.
She always sits in that place.
Miss Eiko was here at the time the murder was committed?
Since there is a witness, the Eiko can now prove her alibi.
Why did she say she was in Hinomisaki?
Anyway, let's tell Kogoro.
What they say in Conan and Ran is true.
The truth is that I was at the old temple station.
I always go when I have a little time.
Because when I go, I feel calmer.
"It was the place where the story between the father and mother began."
"The mother visited Izumo,
"and, coincidentally, she stayed at my father's boarding house."
"They fell in love, got married early and then had me."
"The station is no longer in use but when I go there,"
it seems to me that I am in the place where it all began between them.
It's understandable that no matter how hard they looked for someone who could see Hinomisaki
it was impossible to find anyone.
It's just that she hadn't gone.
If she hadn't gone to the station, she should have told us at the beginning!
Why did you lie to us, Miss?
Look, it's just that...
Because Mr. Fukumi had said that, right?
"I had the day off,
"So I went to visit the old grand temple station."
"You were more surprised than anyone else."
So you were there... and you didn't see that Fukumi had come.
I thought he... Mr. Wanibuchi had died for my sake.
That's why it was impossible for me to tell the truth...
If he said I had been at the station..,
his statement would have been contradictory.
(Fukima) "But I went alone, I have no witnesses."
It should mean that, even though we went to the same place,
we shouldn't have even looked at each other.
As in Fukumi has been the first to lie,
you have been forced to lie.
I thought of mentioning Hinomisaki in passing,
because I also like that place very much...
Of course, now I understand everything.
If you are above suspicion,
it means Fukumi's behavior is suspicious.
The fact that he took the sword away from the scene of the incident
to make it look like it was a robbery,
was not to protect you, but to cover up his crime.
I don't believe that.
Both Eiko and Fukumi had gotten the wrong idea.
That they had made a wrong idea?

If we tell him that the suspicions about the Eiko have been cleared up,
I'm sure Fukumi will explain everything.
We will take Mr. Fukumi.
Eiko, didn't you do it?
Of course not, I have been all that time in the old station.
What do you mean?
What was that doing there?
Oh, say.
What is this?
Where did you find it?
Say!
Where did I find it?
Can you explain everything point by point?
Yes!
Yesterday at noon, there is no doubt that I went to the caves of Inome.
But I didn't go there to kill Mr. Wanibuchi.
The day before yesterday, the Eiko told me everything.
"And he called you to meet him?"
"He told me to go to the Inome Caves tomorrow 2/4 of 2 o'clock in the afternoon."
"In such an isolated place?"
"I'm sure he's planning to commit some barbarity."
"You don't have to go! I'll go in your place."
"I'll make things clear to him and make him give you up!"
- "Tomorrow at noon in 2/4 of 2."
- "But, Ryo..."
"And yesterday, to talk to him..."
"Wanibuchi!"
"Eiko..."
And this was there?
I recognized it at once because I had given it to you.
Let me have this pendant, please!
(Think) "The key is this pendant?"
I thought you had gone, although I had told you not to.
You thought that had been the work of the Eiko
and took the sword to make it look like it was a robbery?
-That makes more sense, sir.
-Uh, yes...
Forgive me, Ryo...
It turns out that pendant... I lost it a few days ago.
I didn't know how to tell you...
So this is it?
Conan was right.
Had I misinterpreted what had happened.
You had thought the other was the murderer.
They lied to justify their respective alibis.
How amusing... It's very funny...
There's nothing funny about it!
You've made this case even heavier!
Mr. Fukumi, stealing the sword is a crime without further ado!
Yes, I'm sorry...
And if he hadn't taken the pendant from the scene,
we'd have the real killer's fingerprints.
I was worried and I did it without thinking...
This is even worse!
Hiding a crime has absolutely nothing to do with love!
Ryo...
I understand what you are saying...
Therefore, the one who has died Mr. Wanibuchi is Kazuya Ishitobi.
That frightened attitude of Mr. Ishitobi's is suspicious,
but I'm puzzled by the fact that Mr. Fujie got a scare
when I introduced myself.
This pendant... was worn by the real killer, wasn't it?
Surely...
It must have fallen to Mr. Wanibuchi when she was... murdered!
Or maybe he left her with the body expressly.
You had lost it a few days ago, hadn't you?
Before or after you lost it,
had you seen Mr. Ishitobi or Mr. Fujie?
Now that you say it...
"I'm asking you please, Eiko!"
"In Wanibuchi he is in love with you, that to you he will pay attention."
"Marry in Wanibuchi
"And ask him to stay out of my business, please!"
"Fujie, what are you saying?"
"Are you asking him to sacrifice himself..........
"To protect your wedding banquet hall?"
"I know it's selfish to ask you..., but I'm begging you!"
"Eiko, please do it!"
"Let me think about it."
"Eiko! You don't have any need to think about it, that!"
"Mr. Fujie, please go away!"
How could he ask you to be sacrificed for his benefit?
Eiko?
It was after what... I realized I didn't have the pendant.
Did Mr. Fujie do it?
But he has an alibi that he was in Matsue castle.
(Kogoro) His signature in the visitor's book?
Mr. Mouri, let's go to Matsue Castle!
(Kogoro) He's right...
If the murderer hadn't wanted to pin the murder on Eiko,
Mr. Fukumi wouldn't have stolen the sword!
As far as we can see from the spelling,
we are sure that this firm has done it in Fujie.
I wasn't lying, it was here at five past one.
We made the trip for nothing?
We thought there was a chance...
-They're going to make us go back!
-We only have one person left!
Conan, come on!
Hm.
I'll catch you in a minute, you go on through.
You're serious?
Come soon, eh?

"These hours are too casulitat, there's something wrong with them."
"What does this mean?"
"How come they started putting the hours yesterday?"
(Child) Can I borrow the eraser?
There's no way I can get it right.
"With a pencil you could do it, but with this..."
"No, what if it were...?"
Excuse me..., did I leave the eraser for a moment?
(Kogoro) Come on, Ran, hurry up!
Yes!
(Kogoro) Wait a moment!
Conan is still inside!
That little boy again?!
Wait a moment, sir!
- (mobile: pip)
-We'll leave you here!
Yes, Yamane.
What? (mobile: pip)
Yes.
Okay, okay, okay!
Mr. Ishitobi is not the killer.
Yesterday around noon a person was run over outside Izumo,
and the perpetrator fled without helping the victim.
It was at one o'clock, the time when Inome was killed in Wanibuchi.
What about that?
According to witnesses, we found out that he was driving the vehicle,
and now he's been arrested;
this person was... was Mr. Ishitobi.
Now I understand.
The man was not frightened because he had killed in Wanibuchi,
but because he was afraid we'd find out he'd run over someone.
-So what about the case at hand?
-He hasn't been killed in Fukumi or Eiko;
in Fujie he has a solid alibi
and, on top of that, the possibility that it was the Ishitobi has disappeared.
We have finished with the possible culprits clear of suspicion.
-Ha-ha-ha....
-Indeed, Mouri.
Mr. Mouri!
Hey, father!
Are you alright?
We're back to where we started...
Mr. Kogoro.
Tell me, it's Fujie.
"I'm Mr. Mouri. I'd like to meet you."
(Kogoro voice) The time and place, I leave to your choice.
I will tell you the reason when we meet.
(Mobile: pip)
It's me, in Mouri...
"This is Mr. Fujie. I wanted to talk to you about something..."
You want to talk to me?
(Fujie voice) I'll be waiting for you at Hinomisaki.
(Fujie's voice) Wow!
They have a splendid lighthouse!
Yes, about 43 meters high.
It's the tallest lighthouse in the whole country.
It's a very beautiful lighthouse!
They built it in 36 of the Meiji era.
The 1903 of the western calendar.
So it's been 100 years standing.
100 years!
I was expecting Hinomisaki, but I don't know where...
Look, Mouri.
Since the lighthouse is already closed, it must be at that lookout over there.
-Yes.
-Well, let's go there.
What do you want to talk to me about?
Mr. Fujie, sorry to keep you waiting.
(Fujie) What did you want to talk to me about?
What did you want to talk to me about?
But didn't you call me?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..., sisplaaaaaau....
I want a good marriage...
This is the Sleeping Kogoro?
-The Sleeping Kogoro?
It's the famous stall...
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Fujie,
you've compared Wanibuchi to the Orochi beast.
"The name of that fellow means 'crab,
"but he had the character of a snake."
"It was a monster that swallowed all the shots."
"Yes... It was like Orochi!"
It is possible that Mr. Wanibuchi was a being
as detestable as he was in Yamata-No-Orochi.
But this in no way justifies in any way that he had to be killed!
He didn't know what he had to tell me?
Ha-ha!
Mr. Mouri, are you coming back with this story?
That's right, Mr. Mouri.
You have also confirmed the alibi of Mr. Fujie the castle!
That alibi is a set-up.
So, what do you mean?
A set-up?
It occurred to you to assassinate Wanibuchi a few days ago,
when you went to see the Eiko, didn't you?
"You begged Miss Eiko to marry en Wanibuchi,
"and to ask her to give up the idea of taking the business from you."
"But it was impossible for her to listen to such a selfish request."
"And you, who were desperate..."
"...picked up something without any specific intention."
The day before yesterday..., you made 2 phone calls.
One call you made... to Mr. Wanibuchi, right?
"For example, on this pretext:"
"I've come up with a foolproof plan to make the Eiko fall at your feet."
"The best option is a place where people don't usually go."
"See you tomorrow at one o'clock at Inome."
The other call, he made to the Eiko pretending it was in Wanibuchi.
"I want to see you tomorrow. To Inome 2/4 of 2."

Wasn't that call from Mr. Wanibuchi?
She mimicked his voice.
Now that you mention it, he told me he had caught a cold.
The half-hour difference between one and 2/4 of 2,
he put it in because it would have been a problem...
for the Eiko to watch Mr. Wanibuchi's murder.
"Then, yesterday at one o'clock, he executed his machination."
"That the clock was broken at five past one was not in the plans.........,
"But he had no choice but to go through with everything else."
"He drove to Matsue castle at full speed,
"He signed the visitors' book and finished the alibi."
It is impossible for him to sign the book after murdering him!
No matter how fast he went, he wouldn't arrive at the castle until 2 o'clock!
It is not impossible.
He went to Matsue castle twice yesterday, didn't he?
Twice?
First he went in the morning to prepare the set-up.
"He signed the book with a false name and put the day and time."
And he changed the pen that was there.
Changed the pen?
For a pen that could be erased with an eraser.
"After he had killed in Wanibuchi, he returned to the castle...
"And found a signature of one hour before that solved everything for him."
"In this way, he would have an hour...
"which would be the same time he had killed in Wanibuchi."
Thus he would set up an alibi that he was in the castle.
A false alibi!
If you try to check it out, you'll see right away.
"That there are names written with a pen that can be erased."
"Besides, the visitor's signature books only put the name,
"the address and the day, but they don't usually put the time."
"And, actually, no one had put it in until yesterday."
"Because yesterday, like, the first person put it on,
"The people who came after did too."
If the person in front of you writes it down,
you think this is the right thing to do as a rule and you do it.
You used this fact to set up your plot.
Am I right, Mr. Fujie?
Where do you have the evidence to prove
that I was the first to sign the guest book?
"Ichiro Yamada's name seems false enough by itself,
"But the problem is the address."
Naruse?
"The city of Naruse in Tokyo."
This does not mean that I wrote it, that name!
The reason why the city of Naruse in Tokyo is an issue
is that you lived in Tokyo for a while when you were a student, right?
"In Wanibuchi I was a few courses behind at Teito University."
So I checked and it was confirmed.
The dorm where you lived was in Naruse.
But this is a coincidence.
It doesn't answer my question.
This means it was signed by an Ichiro Yamada from Naruse!
This is impossible.
Because there is no longer any city called Naruse in Tokyo.
It was annexed to Haido
and the name Naruse was dropped a year ago.
You didn't know that there had been these changes.
Really?
The city of Naruse no longer exists?
Mr. Mouri,
the truth is that at the time I thought I was lost.
"I am in Mouri."
"The... The famous detective?"
I thought it was only a matter of time
before he uncovered the whole truth...
And I was right.
How beautiful!
The sunset from the Hinomisaki headland is wonderful.
I won't be able to see it for a long time.
I wanted this image to be etched in my mind.
That's why I asked you to come here.
I've been very selfish, but I didn't want...
someone like Wanibuchi to take an important business for me.
I didn't want to be swallowed up by a monster.
I was desperate.
Yes, I understand...
Fukumi...
You have to protect the Eiko.
You never know when another monster might appear again.
Yes.
Oh, what a beautiful sunset!
Conan!
Where have you been?
I hope things go well for you from now on.
Yes.
At last and at last they are born in the land of good marriages!
Come on, let's go!
I'm not going back to Tokyo until I nail you down!
Now I do!
Come on, let's go!
Don't smoke!
I made it!
(Clinc)
(Clinc-clinc)
Oh, no!
"Father!"
"Please, man, now don't bring bad luck to the others."
"Ten years from now we'll meet at the place of our memories.

"That day before the sun sets."
"November 24. Class 4-A. Kinoshita..."
The letters are blurred.
It may be a code indicating this place.
She's not wearing a hat, but there's no doubt it's her.
And the next Conan: "A first love the color of gingko, (part 1)"
("Thank you for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

