"Detective Conan" will reach the tenth anniversary and we are heading towards the eleventh!
Let's meet at 10 years!
A postcard that gives off a promise.
It is a love story of the doctor.
He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou wa
miageru sora y tono nobori tsudzukeru
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho.
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
A FIRST LOVE OF THE COLOR OF GINGKOS, (PART ONE)
Hey, doctor, what's that letter you told me about?
It's a letter the size of a postcard in an envelope.
What a remedy..., we'll have to look for it among all of us.
Doctor, what kind of letter is it?
Well, it's an invitation to the wedding of the son of a scientist friend of mine.
It's just that today I had to send the answer without fail...
to tell them if I was going or not.
If it was important, why didn't I leave it somewhere easy to find?
Would you please stop complaining?
You lost the letter so that you came yesterday to play with the video games
and you left everything a mess.
Yes, that's true too.
You're always dead sleepy.
Aaaaah... What's wrong?
But if you got up early to go with Ayumi
to see how the school rabbits were doing, it's not strange either.
Oh.
How did you know?
Have you seen us?
Because you both have gingko leaves in your hair.
That pen is next to some gingkos behind the school.
And it's the only place around here where there are gingkos.
Also, yesterday a girl was saying that the rabbits were not feeling well.
It's unbelievable!
So, can you find the letter we're looking for in a hurry...
...Mr. Detective?
Let me think...
When the doctor finishes reading a letter or a postcard,
he puts it on top of the TV, so it could be on the back.
But surely he's already looked, there.
A lot of letters have fallen!
Look.
Look what a pile!
Really? (He thinks) "I could have already looked.
(He thinks) "I could have already looked in the first place."
Blow, I had to give and sell.
Let's see...
A New Year's greeting, a letter of greeting...
And a request for a driver's license renewal.
Oh!
Wow, I thought I had lost them all.
Guaita, what a beautiful handwriting!
It looks like the postcard was written by a child.
Ah, this is it.
It's true!
Doctor, we found it!
Doctor, what's wrong?
What have you got?
Have you found something interesting?
It's the postcard of the girl we saw before!
What's a love letter?
No, it's a postcard a friend sent me 40 years ago.
Forty years?
It's been 40 years already, you know?
Does this mean she sent it to the sixth grade?
Yes... It was the first day of school after the summer vacations.
"As I was late for school,
"I took a shortcut where I didn't pass much."
"There I saw a classmate from a few grades down.
"who was standing with a pale face."
"She was a very pretty little girl who wore a hat...
"And was looking at something with tearful eyes."
"She was afraid of a barking dog and dared not pass that way."
"But it's normal that she was afraid,
"because the whole neighborhood knew that there was a fat dog at the Chico's house."
"As he walked by with me, I asked him...
"Why was she afraid of that dog."
She told me that when she was a little girl, the dog she had bit her,
and that since then she'd become afraid of animals.
Since I felt a little sorry for her, I took her to Chono's house,
I took her to Chono's house, a friend who had a hamster.
"At first, she became very tense,
"But as the days went by, she got used to it.
"And after two months she liked animals again."
She could even walk past Chico's dog with a smile on his face.
Does this mean that you and she went to school together every day?

Uh, well... yes.
But only during that autumn.
Only during the autumn?
Yes...
One morning in late November,
I was waiting for her to come by Chico's house.
"But even though I was there for quite a while, she didn't come by."
"I thought maybe she had caught a cold and went to her house,
"But a neighbor told me that they had moved house."
What?
That they moved house?
-I could have said goodbye.
-And you didn't say anything, did you?
Well, this...
-Surely... I'm sure your friend didn't feel able to say goodbye.
Because 'goodbye' is a sad word...
that squeezes the heart... of one and of the other.
It's not fair!
It's too abrupt, that she left like that without saying anything, it's sad!
-No, he did say a few words of thanks to me!
That day there was a postcard in his mailbox at home.
This one.
But this postcard doesn't have a stamp on it, does it?
She probably put it in the doctor's mailbox herself
before she moved house.
What did she write?
"Thank you for these 3 months!"
"I am very, very happy to have met you."
"I don't want to say goodbye, but see you soon."
"In 10 years we will meet at the place of our memories.
"That day before the sun sets."
If we couldn't meet, we'll see each other in 10 more years."
"Even if I become a grandmother I will always wait for you there."
"So if you have time, come and meet me."
"This letter is for you, Agasa. November 24. Class 4-A."
"Kinoshita..." The letters are blurred.
It must have gotten wet in the rain when he left it in the mailbox.
-And did you come across this Kinoshita?
No, I don't know what place in our memories she's referring to.
(Thinking) "Come on...!"
But today is October 24, isn't it?
That's the day she says.
Besides, if it's been 40 years, it means....
It could be that this girl...
(At the same time) Today she is waiting for him at the place where she says!
But if the doctor doesn't remember this important place, it will be useless.
I'm sorry...
Coi, the doctor has always been a bit short, in these things.
Hey, and shouldn't it be in front of the house where that dog was?
Of course it is!
It's the place where they met!
I thought about it, and after 10 years I went there, but he didn't come...
And at the house of that friend of yours who had the Amster, maybe?
I went when I was 20 years old.
I spent the night before, and waited for her all the next day.
I was probably waiting for her somewhere else.
And you didn't get any letters after that?
No, because the address I had for my house...
was the one before we went to live in the country.
-I don't know his address...
-You could have written to him!
You don't know your first name either?
If we ask at the elementary school, we'll find out the name right away.
I already thought about asking them,
but as I thought we would see each other, I didn't do it.
You had also gone to Teitan's school, right?
What if we call on the phone?
But today is a holiday at the school,
and we'll only find the official on duty.
Besides, for the moment we could only find out the last name and address.
And even if we were lucky enough to get in touch,
we would only succeed in hurting her, don't you think?
Because she would find out that the doctor doesn't remember
this place so important to her,
and that waiting for him these 40 years has been pointless.
He-he-he-he!
(Think) "Don't be so direct."
At least, this would be so if she has been waiting for him in that place.
Then we have no choice but to make the doctor remember the place.
Wait a minute, guys: at 40, you don't remember a lot of things.
A clue?
But, but there is a clue.
Yes.
Look, there are some numbers written under the recipient's name.
It's possible that it's a code that indicates the place to which it refers.
That's right!
I can see that, but what does it mean?
What does it mean, 4163, 33, 6, 0?
And it says that the clue is an animal?
-I do not know.
-Hey, doctor, what does it mean?
If I knew... I would have seen it a long time ago.
I'm ashamed of myself.
No, not a word.
Conan, I'm sure you...
Really?

Let's see, if she'll just wait until the sun goes down,
we still have 4 hours left, right?
We have no choice but to ask the Sleeping Kogoro...
to crack this code for us!
It's just that today in Kogoro has gone
to a joint concert of Yoko and Nakayama Mass, and he's not here.
-The Mass...
-What?
-Has he remembered something?
-Kinoshita's first name.
I could have sworn it was this one or something like that.
If we can't ask the Sleeping Kogoro,
we could ask Ran's friend: the heavy Sonoko.
You're right!
She always presumes she's solved the sea of cases.
Sonoko won't find her either.
She has gone with Ran
to queue up to buy a limited production item.
"How do you want those 2 to solve something I can't even solve myself?"
Are you talking about the exclusive products they will be selling
in commemoration of designer Fusae Campbell's visit to Japan?
Fusae?
Let's see..., a name like that also rings a bell.
Wait... Misae... No, maybe it was called Fusako?
Ouch.
But what's so good about it?
They look like leaf-covered bags and they're expensive on top of that, aren't they?
They are not just any leaves,
the motifs on those bags are gingko leaves.
And not everything there is expensive.
Because that brand brings out a lot of things at a reasonable price.
Number?
Conan, let me have the postcard.
Ayumi, have you thought of anything?
Yes... maybe this code...
refers to the number of animals we have on the school grounds.
Yeah, man, right, because we have 6 rabbits,
and of birds, between the chickens, the Bengali greenfinches and the pigeons,
we have 33 in total!
And the zero?
It's the tortoise, who died this summer vacation.
He-he-he-he-he!
This is impossible!
When I went to school, the turtle was still fresh as a rose,
and apart from the turtle, the only animal we had were chickens.
Also, this doesn't explain the 4.163 at the beginning, does it?
Yes, it does.
Oh.
Turtles live a long time.
It lived over 40 years.
No.
Actually, that was the third one we had.
When one dies, the zoo gives us another one.
This is true,
because when I graduated from Teitan elementary school,
Mr. Yoichiro Kobato, the first director the zoo had,
gave a turtle to the school
wishing the children a very long life!
They say a turtle can live 10,000 years.
Oh.
Doctor, what did you just say?
Turtles can live 10,000 years.
I didn't mean that.
It's the name of the first director of the Tokyo Zoo.
-You said his name was Kobato.
-Mr. Yoichiro...
-... ichiro.
-I...
Sir.
(At the same time) Exactly!
(At the same time) "Come on."
"Snap out of it, man."
Guys, we need to look good!
Yes!
I'm sure it's in here!
It's Dr. Agasa's first love!
- (at the same time) Yes!
-I'm sure we'll find her!
Don't post so much!
I didn't tell you she was my first love!
"It's written all over her face."
Even if the 4,136 at the beginning was Mr. Yoichiro as the Ayumi says,
how could I explain the 33, 6 and 0 after that?
Pandas are very cute, aren't they?
-Yes.
-Yes!
I want one.
Guaita that.
Guys, a little attention.
Those numbers may have something to do with...
The numbers that are on the plates with the names of the animals.
One thing they usually do is to put them according to the species of the animals,
but here they are either way.
They are placed following the order
in which the director was getting the animals.
The panda was the fifty-eighth animal he got.
Listen... And what animal should it be, what makes 33?
-L'a-asno?
-I think it's the donkey.
Of course it is!
Mr. Yoichiro.
The thirty-third animal that led?
It was the donkey!
(At the same time) Exactly!
Hey, wait a minute, we still don't know what zero is!
- (all) YES!
- (Genta) Come on, let's hurry up Contact Us!
It seems that they have stepped on the switch.
The 33, the 33, the 33, the 33...
The ass... The donkey... The donkey...
A woman... A woman... A woman...
- (Ayumi) The donkey.
- (Genta) The 33!
(Mitsuhiko) A woman!
(At the same time) We've found it!
We've found it!
We've found it!
Hey, guys!
Really-really?

Plus, he's wearing a hat.
There is no doubt about it.
Come on, let's talk to him!
Wait, wait, wait!
Wait! (At the same time)
(At the same time) Excuse me...
Ah, you're, you're...
Oh, my!
Is that you, Agasa?
Long time no see.
Yes, it's been 40 years.
Looks like the hair's gotten a little lonely.
What are you...
Don't tell me that this lady...
...that this lady is the one with the watery eyes?
40 years ago?
This is Dr. Agasa's first love?
Well, it's often said that the passage of time tends to make up the memories.
But doesn't she seem too old to you?
As far as I know, when the doctor was a sixth grader, she was a fourth grader, wasn't she?
So, she should be 49 or 50 years old, right?
-Surely.
-She must have gone through a lot of hardships.
-Yes, take care of yourself, goodbye. -Bye.
-Bye, have a good one. -Goodbye.
Hey, let him go so soon?
It's her first love, isn't it?
No, this was Mrs. Chico.
Don't you remember?
She was the owner of the dog on the school road.
Last month the grandson of that dog died...
and she came to distract herself from all this.
-We had the wrong person.
-Ah, that was it.
I thought it was too big.
But it's very rare.
The 4.163 of the code that was on the postcard indicating the meeting place
referred to Mr. Yoichiro Koban;
the 33, on the 33rd animal he took to the zoo,
and if the 6 refers to the donkey it should... be waiting here.
Yes, I think that's it, isn't it?
I've already told you that we still hadn't deciphered the zero at the end.
And so?
You don't remember anything else that might give us a clue?
Let me think...
Let's see, apart from the fact that he had a blind eye and that his name was Kinoshita,
there's that she liked to take care of the school chickens.
She had freckles on her cheeks,
and I don't know why, but he always wore his hat pulled down to his ears.
He always wore it?
Yes, when we left school he always wore it.
But I would say he did take it out to class.
-Maybe there was something about that hat...
-I'm sure she was very shy!
-And bald she sure wasn't.
(Ai) Then it's obvious.
We must crack this code and find out where it is.
Let's see, even if 4.163 refers to this zoo,
the problem is 33, 6 and 0.
Mimimure, Mimiroku.
Ah!
Guys!
It couldn't refer to the owl, eh?
No, the owl would be written with a 3.329.
Sasarokuwa... Sasarokure... Sasamu...
(At the same time) Yes, Sasamu!
Donkeys... We'll stay the same as before!
This doesn't solve the meaning of zero!
Don't think, we can't be so sure.
It said it on the postcard.
That they would meet before sunset at the place of their memories.
Flying squirrels are nocturnal animals
that are only active when night falls.
They sleep at dusk until sunset.
The number of squirrels that can be seen....
-You can't see a single one, can you?
-Zero!
You mean the zoo has animals that can only be seen at night?
Donkey.
At zoos there are also cages...
in enclosed spaces where you can see nocturnal animals.
- (at the same time) YES!
-Carai... Well, let's go see it!
(Ayumi) Yes, it's true.
This is full of nocturnal animals.
But almost all of them are spiders and snakes.
It's a bit disgusting.
(Ayumi) It's true...
Let's see, the flying squirrel, the flying squirrel...
I found it!
The flying squirrel!
(Ayumi) Doctor, there's someone!
It looks like it's waiting for a person!
She's not wearing any hat... but there's no doubt it's her.
Au, you'll see her after 40 years.
Be brave.
Yes...
(Think) "So, don't tell me... what's this?"
Blondes.
Your memory will remain in my heart,
intact and just as beautiful and wonderful as the first day.
"So that's it... Sure!"
"I've got it, doctor. I already know the place where she's waiting for it."
And the next Conan: "A first love the color of gingkos (Part 2)."
("Thank you for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!

Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

