"Conan" will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary
and, when this happens, with one more episode we will go for a new anniversary.
A boy witnesses a case.
Hiding something and behaves strangely.
The clue to the case is caterpillars and olive trees.
He looks like a kid but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou
miageru sora and tone nobori tsudzuker
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!

Ah!
Boy, wait!
THE JUNIOR DETECTIVE LEAGUE AND THE 4 CATERPILLAR BROTHERS
You've met someone?
We'll do a little back and forth so... I can introduce you guys.
Come with me!
Hey, who are these people he says?
I hope they're not kids.
(Think) "Come on..."
(Genta) What are we doing here?
Come, I'll introduce you.
See, in Taro!
(All) Eh?
What Taro?
Look carefully.
It's behind the leaves.
Behind the leaves, you say?
Aaaaaaaaah!
What is it?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Ah!
It's a caterpillar! Yes.
And it's very big...
(Ayumi) This one here is in Jiro!
And the smaller one, this one here, is in Saburo!
You see?
Aren't they cute?
I... I wouldn't say they're cute, actually.
-I'd say they're fàstic. -That they're disgusting?
Well, I wouldn't...
(Ay) Yes, they're very pretty.
Look at this...
She's eating an olive leaf with this mouth of theirs...
It's... it's true.
When you look at it, you see that they have a kind of horn at the back....
(Genta) Yes, they are very cute!
I wonder what kind of butterflies they must be, these caterpillars?
(Genta) They must not be zebra butterflies, right?
(Ayumi) I can't wait to see them.
(Thinking) "These caterpillars..."
Unfortunately, I don't think these will become butterflies.
I'm sure I've seen them in my book.
"Don't smoke, do you always walk around this little book of insect pictures?"
He says they are the caterpillars of a moth called "Psilogramma incretum".
"Psilogramma incretum"....
Wow, that's not a butterfly.
Listen.
Just because it's a moth or a butterfly
does not mean that they are not caterpillars.
This is true!
He's right!
They are beautiful!
-And so, and so much.
Three days ago, I met Taro when I was passing by this street.
"The day before yesterday, I saw in Jiro."
"And yesterday, I found in Saburo."
So, today you'll surely find Shiro, right?
Mm?
You guys.
I'm serious.
See this branch.
There's another one.
It looks like he still had more brothers.
It's the four caterpillar brothers!
Wow, how strange...
Yesterday, after having found in Saburo,
I checked and didn't see any more.
And I think it's too big to have hatched from the egg recently.
(Mitsuhiko) If the number of caterpillars has increased every day...
it means that there is something mysterious here.
What do you want me to tell you.
Maybe they were behind the leaves and you didn't see them.
What's wrong, guys?
What's wrong with this tree?
Ah... Hello, good morning!
We were just looking at these caterpillars!
-Caterpillars? -The voice?
Look closely.
They're over there.
Let's see... Ouch!
That's too bad!
What's wrong?
Is it wrong?
No, it's just that I have the "frozen shoulder syndrome".
Oh, this one is huge!
And there's another one, you see?
And here... And here too.
It's true, I'll have to get rid of it...
What?
Wait, wait!
Don't kill the caterpillars, please!
Please don't kill the caterpillars, please!
They are my friends!
I'm asking you too, sir!
But I can't let these caterpillars eat my olive tree.
Apa, look what you have, of leaves.
I don't think they can eat them all.
Even if they do eat some leaves,
they will surely grow back more...
Yes, but if you kill them, these caterpillars won't be able to live again!
All right, all right.
I'll leave them where they are.

Thank you!
(Genta) Hooray!
But I don't understand how so many have appeared.
When I watered it the other day I didn't see any step.
When did you water it?
Thursday night.
About... 4 days ago.
"Four days ago..."
"This was one day before the Ayumi found the caterpillars."
My grandfather was very fond of olive trees.
He even named it "The Olive Tree"
in the coffee shop he opened in front of Beika station.
Hello, welcome home, Yoshikawa.
How are we doing?
That boy...
You know him?
He's the clerk at the supermarket next to the school.
Supermarket?
What's wrong, Mr. Matsuura?
They found parasites in the leaves of the olive tree.
Parasites... you say?
(Ai) From time to time I stop at that supermarket
on my way home.
I look at the fashion magazines... What bothers you?
No, woman, it doesn't bother me, but...
"Since when do elementary school girls look at fashion magazines?"
It's true.
Look.
It seems that something has happened there in the background.
Down there in the back?
You mean at Mr. Shimura's house?
It's Investigator Takagi!
Wow, the kids!
You know you can't go in without permission!
What happened, Takagi?
Yes... It looks like an old man who lived alone was murdered.
Say, the victim, did that gentleman find her?
Yes.
He lives in the neighborhood and played chess with him.
It seems the old man had a few million yen in cash..,
on a shelf.
All this money is gone.
Let's see, Takagi!
What are you telling them?
Ah... No, nothing.
(Sato) You guys know anything about the case?
Actually, no, we just got here.
Then, head to school!
Come on, guys!
You'll be late!
(at once) Yes!
(At the same time) Listen.
What will have happened to the case this morning.
Did they catch the killer?
We can go back home!
No... I don't think that's necessary, guys.
(Mitsuhiko) Eh?
You found a witness?
Yes, a cab driver has... Well, it's just... I can't tell you about the case...
-Go on, you can explain it to him. Huh?
Really?
-Hm. Well...
"The thing is that yesterday, this cab driver...
"passed in front of the house at about 10 o'clock at night..."
So, the little boy had fallen to the ground in front of that man?
-Yes... Did you see the man's face?
No... because at that moment he was a bit far away...
-Are you sure it was a man? -I would say yes.
How old was he?
I don't know... I paid more attention to the boy.
At 10 o'clock... this fits the approximate time of death,
but we don't have any conclusive evidence
to prove that this man is the killer...
Anyway, I think it's worth checking.
And so much so, because if that man was supposedly the killer,
surely he must have crashed into the boy
when he was running away from the house in a hurry,
just after he had committed the crime.
Yes!
I thought the same thing myself!
(Alas) Surely, this godlike child must have seen the murderer.
Yes, yes, exactly!
But the cab driver didn't see his face
and only remembers that he was wearing a white baseball cap
and some kind of striped pajamas.
Striped pajamas?
So, the boy lives near that house.
Yes, that's why we wanted to ask you something.
Do you know of any little boy who lives near there
who wears a white baseball cap?
Who lives near that house...
A white cap...
- (at the same time) It's Keiichi! -Keiichi?
At Keiichi Mitsui and in the class next door!
He went to the same kindergarten as us.
His mother died of an illness last summer.
Before his mother died, he bought her a white cap.
That's why she always wears it.
In remembrance of his poor mother.
Thank you guys.
(Sato) Sorry to have kept you.
-Don't worry... You can go now, Keiichi.
-Well, I have to leave you now. Ah... thanks a lot.
What?
How did it go?
Did Keiichi tell you if he saw the killer's face?
Well, well...
I guess he didn't say anything.
That's right.
In fact, he denied everything.
He denied everything?
Uh... He told us he didn't go anywhere last night.
And the night before yesterday and the night before and the night before that, too.
This is the place where the crime was committed.
Keiichi's house is here.
The cab came from this address,

and, apparently, the boy broke to the right.
Therefore, everything indicates that the boy was Keiichi, but...
As long as he denies all this, we cannot strengthen our thesis.
"Either he's afraid of being implicated in the case, or..."
You have no other clue about the killer?
Well, according to the cab driver, the man we believe to be a suspect in the crime....
"He was holding his left upper arm with his right hand."
The left arm? How?
That man!
His left arm was hurting too!
Who is that man?
The man with the olive tree that had caterpillars!
The olive tree that had caterpillars?
That man's name is Matsuura.
He lives here.
On the same island.
And you say that man's arm hurt, too?
He told us he has frozen shoulder syndrome.
Frozen shoulder...
-I'm going to see him just in case? -Yes, do that. -Yeah, you do that.
I'll check on the other children.
You want to say that this man is the killer?
He didn't seem like a bad person to me, honestly.
But he tried to kill the caterpillars!
What should we do now, Conan?
I think we should go home
and feel his explanations in person.
But before that...
Oh, the boy we saw in the morning! Yes, that's him.
How did he find out about the crime?
He must not have passed by the house where the events occurred
to go from his house to the supermarket, right?
Yes, this is true...
Maybe we should ask him.
Well, look...
As I was going around the corner to go back to my apartment,
I saw that there were people from the neighborhood passing me.
They were running around the corner, so I went to take a look.
So why did you rush home?
Because I wanted to go to sleep.
Since we don't have enough workers, I had to do the afternoon shift as well.
He's not the killer.
His left arm doesn't hurt.
That's right.
Let's go to Keiichi's place right away.
That's right.
Shall we go?
(Ai) You go on without me.
I'll stay here and look at some magazines.
(Keiichi!
Ayumi...
(Ai) -What beautiful roses! -These bloom all year round!
(Ayumi) Oh.
And there's an olive tree too!
But it's very small compared to Mr. Matsuura's olive tree.
There don't seem to be any caterpillars here.
Keiichi.
Are you the one who always takes care of the plants?
The mother loved them very much.
I've been taking care of them
since the day she was admitted to the hospital and died.
I know... Your father, normally, at what time does he come home?
Around half past ten, because work keeps him very busy.
So, you're always alone until then?
And you already have some soup?
Father prepares it for me in the morning, before I go to work.
I heat it up and eat it.
All this must be hard for you.
-Not really, no... Because I'm used to it...
And last night everything was the same as always?
Excuse me, but now I have things to do.
Ah!
Keiichi, wait!
- (door closes) -Others.
He's gone.
Maybe he got angry?
"There's no doubt that in Keiichi's mind he ran into
"With a man who might be the suspect."
"But why is he hiding him?"
"And, first of all, why did he go out on the street at 10 o'clock at night?"
"Eh?"
"This, he's been pruned with a scissors. Maybe that's it!"
Conan, what's wrong?
Hey, what's wrong with you?
Conan, what are you doing? I thought so!
What do you mean?
What do you want to say?
Listen to me.
First, the caterpillars of this tree...
were on the olive tree at Keiichi's house.
(At the same time) What?
In Keiichi saw the caterpillars on his olive tree 4 days ago.
"And he saw himself in a compromise."
"If he left them, the caterpillars would eat all the leaves.....
"of the olive tree his mother loved so much."
"But Keiichi, who has a good heart, was not able to kill the caterpillars."
"It was then that he remembered that there was a bigger olive tree.
"On the east side of this very island."
It had more than enough leaves
for the caterpillars to eat without damaging the tree.
So from that night on,
Keiichi began to carry a caterpillar every day...
"From home to his to here."
"From the biggest to the smallest, waiting until 10 o'clock at night,

"An hour when there would no longer be anyone around."
"He was cutting the branches the caterpillars were on with the scissors."
"It would have seemed strange for him to turn the way he had come.
"So I was going in a southerly direction."
"Then eastward, taking the longest path expressly,
"past the house where the crime took place..."
He would make a complete turn to return home
and thus aroused no suspicion.
The caterpillars moved from Keiichi's branch to the branches of this olive tree.
to the branches of this olive tree.
That's why Keiichi's olive tree....
had some branches cut off on top of it.
"And, then, on the fourth day,
"After leaving the last of the caterpillars, there was the crime."
In Keiichi felt guilty
for having taken the caterpillars from his house into someone else's.
Therefore, when the police have asked him about it, he denied everything.
He said that last night and the nights before
he had not left the house at all.
He did not tell the truth.
Conan, you are fantastic!
Yes, my boy.
I was listening to you gawking!
You're like a real detective!
"You donkey, I'm a detective!"
But I... I feel sorry for Keiichi.
I'm sure he's a mess.
That's true.
We should go check on Keiichi and...
(Transmitter: pip)
(Ai) "Edogawa? The clerk Yoshikawa has disappeared."
How!
According to the other sales clerks, he spent the whole afternoon...
cleaning the outside windows.
Do you remember?
When we passed by earlier, he was cleaning the windows.
"He was probably waiting for someone in a white cap...
"to come home after school."
You mean he was setting up an ambush on Keiichi?!
But... what about that man's left arm?
The assassin didn't take damage to the arm when he ran into en Keiichi.
"If so, he would have done damage further down."
So... why was he holding his arm?
Surely he was...
"Because the murderer was hiding the money he had stolen.
"In the inside pocket of his jacket, just to the left side."
Then, he bumped into Keiichi as he was walking out into the street....
"And instinctively brought his hand to his left arm.
"To avoid dropping his loot."
It looked as if he had hurt himself, but no.
"In Keiichi is in danger!"
(Ding-dong)
Keiichi!
Keiichi!
-Looks like he's sortit. -On heck will he be gone?
How should I know, man?!
You devil!
What?
Those roses...
It seemed that before there were more.
"They've been pruned with a pair of scissors... Why?"
The mother loved them very much.
Of course she did!
Mother, it turns out... I saw that man's face.
Say... what should I do?
-I knew it, you remember my face, don't you, uncle?
You'll thank me.
I'll take you to see your dear mother.
-Keiichi! -Keiichi!
-Keiichi!
-Keiichi!
Keiichi!
Keiichi! Come on, Keiichi!
Take this!
Keiichi!
Keiichi!
I'm alright...
(Mitsuhiko) The cap?
You only got the cap, then?
-Yes... What a joy!
You can be happy, the mother has saved you from heaven.
Yes!
(Ayumi) Eh?
The caterpillars have disappeared?
Hey, you must not have killed them!
Of course you didn't!
I haven't done anything at all to them, me.
Surely, they've gone underground to become chrysalises.
Chrysalises?
Ah, I get it.
And they'll come out later?
(Mitsuhiko) Yes, that's right.
Next summer they will come out again... to appear...
(Mitsuhiko) to appear before us as adult moths.
Yes.
(Mitsuhiko) "I hope that by then,
"I, too, will have been able to regain my true appearance."
"I want to be me again."
Ouch!
"The researcher Takagi!"
I held her back immediately.
(Sato) "Mr. Mouri will begin to deduce shortly."
"To delay the 'rigor mortis', the stiffness of the corpse.... Where?"
Ah, that...
The building maintenance company...
I'm told it's an earthquake detector.
An earthquake detector?
And the next Conan: "El fotomissatge del payaso."
("Thanks for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!

Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

