"Conan" will soon celebrate its tenth anniversary.
And when that happens, with one more episode we will go for a new anniversary.
A costume party takes an unexpected turn and a corpse appears.
The sad story of a clown.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Mirai and nidsukuri sumasete baby
asu no monogatari and arukidasu!
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!
Toiki Hitotsu data from
Kuzu kaketa yesterday.
kimi no namae kuchi ni dashite sagasu exit.
Iki wo kirashite tachidomari
Namida no Chizu wo egaiteta
toki ga watashi wo oshiage ima ugoki dasu!
Kazemi KIMO Hanami Subete wo terashi umarekita Bakari no Taiyou
miageru sora and tone nobori tsudzuker
kagayaki hajimeta kokoro no oku!
Yoke na nimotsu wa sutete Ikou yo
sueldo hitasura mezasu kimi iru basho
Ima get up, get up, get up, get up, baby, touge wo koete,
kokokara hajimaru yo growing of my heart!

What do you think?
It's pretty cool, isn't it?
I guess you know it, the Animelàndia theme park.
I was asked to be the director for a day...
And well, I figured being serious didn't make the case...
and I wanted to give it a personal touch.
And those Sub-Lize fools loved it.
So I'll also be the honorary director for a day next year,
and all the ones to come forever.
I'll be coming to rent you a costume, so take care of business.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Thinks) "Hey, as far as I know no one has told you anything about that."
"There, even the geezers stood out!"
THE FOTOMISSATGE OF THE CLOWN.
I guess this will do the deed.
I'll give it to you signed and everything.
Oh, that's not necessary... Eh?
That has been dancing?
Ah!
They did it to me in the afternoon, when there was the earthquake.
It was a very big one.
It had a considerable intensity.
Are you also directors for a day?
No, now we're going to a party.
We are celebrating the engagement of this couple!
Ah, a costume party.
Yes, we're a little embarrassed.
But a friend of ours said that an ordinary party would be a drag.
And we couldn't say no.
After all, a big shot said so...
-A smile on the face and tears in the heart.
Makeup hides the tears.
Just like clowns.
Oops, I forgot about the hat.
What kind of costume could I wear next time?
-This one?
No, it's better... (mobile: pip)
-It's Umeda.
-She is the organizer of the party.
"The earthquake has thrown me off my feet.
"But the preparations for the party are still going on."
Normal, the editor hates earthquakes...
She says that's how she's going to dress up... Look!
-Oh... She's going as a clown?
Yes... This is Umeda, our editor.
Surprise!
Don't you think it's great?
I got a message from Umeda.
She says she'll leave the door open for us and we can just walk in when we get there.
Roger that.
It's 4:30, so we'll be there at 5 o'clock.
A party, huh?
Oh, boy...
We'll play patxinko and we'll have some delicatessen for dinner, right?
Yes!
Listen, please... Keep this piece of clothing for us, too.
-Oh, okay. -See you later.
See you later.
"That we'd go eat some delicatessen?"
"And a black lamb! He's spent all the money on the patxinko!"
Some people have no heart.
There is nothing wrong with harvesting from the ground balls that have fallen to someone else.
This world is becoming most miserable.
"Who is more miserable, you or the world?"
Òndia.
Mm?
Oh!
Yes, a message with a picture of a woman dressed as a clown.
It appeared on that girl's cell phone around 4:30.
Cause of death was pressure on the neck.
In other words, she was strangled.
I have no doubt, this is the woman we saw on the cell phone.
Mmmm... Mr. Mouri saw the message...
at half past four in the afternoon.
The body was found at 5 o'clock.
If we consider some aspects,
we can say that she was murdered between 4:30 and 5:00.
Tell me.
What are these aspects?
Conan!
You're always asking me questions!
-Excuse me, please.
Don't mind him.
It's -It's okay, it's okay.

When someone dies, their muscles stiffen up like a bad thing.
Rigor mortis, right?
I read it in a book.
The body normally starts to stiffen up 2 hours after death.
But if the body is outside on a summer's day
or in warm places like this where the heat is on,
it starts earlier.
Ah...
But the girl's body shows no signs of having hardened.
My conclusion is
that not much time has passed since her death.
Since it is now half past five,
we can conclude that she died shortly after half past four.
Exactly one hour ago.
Y... who was Miss Umeda?
Do you know anything?
She was a talented editor of a women's fashion magazine.
Mr. Kijima, the person who found the body,
is a famous makeup artist.
It seems that the victim was the one who discovered him
and shaped him into what he is now.
And Mr. Ishikawa, who was with her, is a magazine photographer.
There was also Yoko Nakamura, who had worked as a model.
(Door, open)
All of the victim's rings and necklaces
have disappeared from her jewelry box.
Couldn't they have been stolen by the young man we saw earlier?
He looked suspicious.
But what are you saying!
That you saw the murderer?
It seems that when they arrived at this block of apartments,
you saw a suspicious man running away.
It was 5 o'clock.
We saw him as we were about to enter the building,
just after we left the car in the parking lot.
"He was wearing a black leather jacket."
(Elevator: ding!)
Was he a thief?
-At least, he looked like one... Or maybe he was a murderer.
-Don't talk like that, Kijima. -Just kidding.
Good evening!
Hello!
Oh, it's so warm.
With the cold outside, this is wonderful!
What's this?
Footprints?
No way!
Umeda!
There are footprints in the hallway...
Has there been any trouble?
Anybody here?
Umeda!
Don't move!
We mustn't wipe off the killer's fingerprints.
The phone.
Coi!
The murderer has cut it!
-I don't carry the cell phone. -I don't carry the cell phone.
And the editor's?
I don't know where it should stop...
Ishikawa, we split up selected...
and let's go find a phone booth to call for help.
No, we can't leave Yoko here alone.
Please, Kijima, stay here.
So, the two of them went to look for a phone booth...
while I waited.
It was hard, but we finally found one at the station.
These young men called the police at a quarter to five.
We arrived here at half past five
and saw that Miss Umeda was already dead.
Listen, how come none of you had a cell phone?
She had her.
Hey, you!
Don't ask questions without permission, nano!
Well, actually it's the same one I was about to ask her for.
We left our cell phones at the costume store.
The editor had never really liked mobiles before
because she was haunted by cell phones all day long.
Especially when there was a party,
she strictly forbade people to come with cell phones.
And she told me not to text her.
Now I understand.
Five years ago you could find phone booths everywhere.
But now they are not easy to find.
Wow, what a strange world.
I don't know if we are better or worse off now.
Either way, whether the killer knew about it...
or if it was all just a coincidence..,
the fact is that someone broke into this open house.
Miss Umeda was so focused on the preparations that she didn't notice anything.
that she didn't notice anything.
"She was being attacked from behind.
"While she was putting the cutlery in this part."
"I'm sure;
"If someone had come through the door..., she would have noticed."
"And she would have fled. But there's no sign of a struggle on this floor."
Excuse me, is the apartment the same now as when you found it?
We didn't touch anything.
I remembered a detective series I follow.
-Mmmm! - (boy) What s'empatolla?
(boy) What?
I have not done it!
I have not done anything at all.
Let me be!
It's him!
It's that man!
It's the man who was running out of the block of apartments!

I saw her in the park just in front of the station with a rather nervous post
and I wanted to question him.
Then, he tried to run away and I immediately stopped him.
I don't know anything about that!
He had this on him.
Sato, please,
can you take it outside for Mr. Kijima and the others to see?
They even match the soles of his shoes.
Yes, there is no doubt about it.
These were the jewelry she liked the most.
Thank you very much.
Please wait a little longer.
You were asked to do this on the Internet?
Yes, I found a rather interesting note.
The job was to come here at 5 o'clock,
take the jewelry box that was on the table
and take it to the park in front of the station.
Stop making up stories!
You killed him for money, didn't you?
No, you didn't!
When I got here the clown was already dead!
It's like that!
I ran away because I didn't want any trouble.
Caram.
What a stubborn rascal, this one.
Don't you find it strange
that instead of fleeing away from the scene of the crime.
he hung around the park?
Maybe he did, that he was hired.
This is making more and more sense.
(Yawns loudly)
This being a theme park manager for a day is exhausting....
I'm falling asleep...
"Come on... He did fall asleep."
"Beef stew. Eh?"
"It's cold... They turned off the fire quite a while ago."
"But from what I can see, it should be simmering now."
Investigator, please!
You must believe me!
Oh... fantastic!
"What's this?"
What's wrong?
You're here, Conan.
Xxxxt...
Mr. Mouri will begin to deduce shortly.
Oh... Who knows...
"He won't start doing anything, because he's really asleep."
"He's as usual..."
By the way, do you know what this is, researcher?
Do you?
Ah, that...
I asked the maintenance company
and they told me it's an earthquake detector.
An earthquake detector?
Yes.
It's a device that cuts off the gas distribution
when there is an earthquake.
Miss Umeda asked for one to be installed.
It cuts off the gas when the earthquake is strong.
Well, it must have been cut off by the 3 o'clock earthquake...
and didn't light the fire again.
"He forgot to relight the fire?"
"Or rather, she couldn't do it?"
"Surely, she was already dead at 3 o'clock when the earthquake took place."
"But the approximate time of death
"Is between two-thirty five and five o'clock in the afternoon."
"If she died around 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
"Rigor mortis would have set in by half past five.
"The time Inspector Megre and the other officers have arrived."
"The heating was on;
"Therefore, the 'rigor mortis' would have accelerated even more."
"Instead, she had no symptoms of 'rigor mortis' at all."
"This would mean that she would have been left somewhere cold."
"Impossible."
"But the only feasible cold place in an ordinary house is..."
"In order to delay 'rigor mortis'..."
-What are you looking for? -Do you want us to help you find it?
No, no, don't worry.
I'll look for it myself.
"There's not enough room under the bed."
"And in the closet would also be impossible."
"Could it be here?"
Of course... Is there a ladder in this house?
A ladder?
Well, I don't know.
Wait, there's one on the balcony.
I used it last week.
On the balcony, then?
Thank you very much.
"Eh? Gray makeup? It's a fresh stain."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Gee, it's cold!
Conan, where have you been?
"An artificial hair?"
"She didn't need any scale..."
"That person murdered her!"
Wait a moment, investigator.
Please believe me!
Yes, I do.
You came here, but the victim didn't die...
Who do you think is going to believe this story?
We'll hear the rest at the central station...
Investigator Takagi, just a second.
Inspector, can we leave too?
Ah, that's right.
Go ahead, you can go now.
It's a mess here.
The costume party has gone down the drain...
And on top of that, you've lost an important person for you.
Mr. Mouri...
Did you fall asleep again like before?

(Kogoro voice) No, the nod before was a rehearsal.
Now, let me show you...
how the Sleeping Kogoro solves the most tangled problems.
Mr. Kijima, wait a minute, we can't let you leave yet.
Eh? Mouri, what do you mean by that?
Mr. Ishikawa,
where and at what time did you meet Mr. Kijima today?
At 3 o'clock, in front of Beika's warehouse.
Mr. Kijima, where were you and what were you doing before 3 o'clock in the afternoon?
I was doing a lot of things.
Well, you seem to want to check my alibi.
You got it right.
Indeed, I want to check it.
Inspector,
the Mr. Shimizu who was taken away a moment ago is not the murderer.
The person who killed Miss Umeda is Mr. Kijima,
who is here.
But why are you saying that all of a sudden now?
Mr. Kijima has been with us all the time.
He didn't have time to kill editor Umeda.
I'm sure he hasn't.
The only time we haven't been together has been
when we went looking for a phone booth.
"But editor Umeda was already dead at that point."
No, Miss Umeda was dead long before this...
certainly before you met Mr. Kijima.
But the approximate time of death was between two and a half past 5 and 5 o'clock.
Also, didn't you say that you had seen Miss Umeda's message?
This only means that the Umeda's phone was used,
not that she sent the message herself.
But, Mouri, rigor mortis had not yet begun.
Miss Umeda's body was not in this room.
He had kept her in a cold place before you arrived....
in order to delay rigor mortis.
What the hell are you talking about?
I've seen Miss Umeda's body just like the two of them!
Then what was that clown death I saw supposed to be?
It was a doll.
A doll made up like a clown
of a similar size to Miss Umeda's build.
Let's take it one step at a time.
Who was the person who suggested in the first place
that this be a costume party in the first place?
It was the editor.
Mr. Ishikawa, did the editor tell you this in person?
Well no, Kijima told us that the editor suggested it.
By the way, Mr. Kijima...
Did you know that the gas installations on this floor
have an earthquake detection device?
Did you... earthquakes?
You didn't know about it, did you?
Investigator Sato,
can you bring the casserole dish with the half-finished beef stew over here?
Please tell us what's inside the casserole now.
It looks like he was preparing beef stew,
but it's not cooked at all.
If she left it as is,
I doubt it would be ready for the party they were to have at 5 o'clock.
Miss Umeda was making preparations
everything ready for the party.
Proof of this is that the stove was on the low heat setting.
She was probably planning to simmer it in the casserole.
However, the fire went out?
because of the earthquake detector.
But she hasn't turned the gas back on at the stove.
Rather, she has not been able to do so.
Why not?
Because she was already dead.
Mr. Kijima, you murdered her.
You have no proof!
This is completely ridiculous!
I'm going home!
Just a moment, master.
Mouri is not finished yet.
Mr. Kijima,
before meeting Mr. Ishikawa and Miss Yoko,
"You came here and strangled Miss Umeda,
"who was making preparations for the party."
"And then exchanged her for a doll he had prepared."
And why did he make this exchange?
Because he had to leave Miss Umeda's body in a cold place.
If he had to make the whole world believe
that she had been murdered shortly before the group arrived,
he couldn't leave the body in a chamber with the heat on.
Mr. Kijima, you left without turning off the gas...
because you wanted to make sure that the veal stew
would be ready when Miss Umeda's body was found hours later.
But unfortunately, there was an earthquake at about 3 o'clock...
and the gas supply was cut off.

Ignoring this fact, he has gone shopping?
and at the rental costume store.
"And with Miss Umeda's phone that you have taken with you," he said,
"You sent that message to make it look like she was alive."
"And finally, you had everyone leave their phone there."
Then you tried to go with Mr. Ishikawa to find a phone booth.
to look for a phone booth, but you had it all figured out.
You knew perfectly well
that Mr. Ishikawa would never leave his girlfriend alone with a corpse.
And she would be on this floor, under seemingly normal circumstances.
"Then you brought Miss Umeda's real body,
"which he had hidden on the balcony,
"and got rid of the doll."
"At that moment, the gray clown makeup..."
has stained the window curtain.
That's a lie!
It's all your imagination!
You have no proof!
Yes, I do.
Please come out to the balcony.
Takagi!
Mr. Kijima, this is your car, isn't it?
Ooooh! Ah.
Shit!
That woman had been looking for you!
It's true she gave me the prestige I have now,
but every time I found a girlfriend, she always got in the way.
She told me that if I broke up with her,
she'd make sure I couldn't even find a job as a clown make-up artist!
(Cries)
He always hid his true feelings
under my make-up!
(Cries)
(Kudo voice) Fire chief for a day?
In Kogoro he'll never learn.
Oh, this could end...
Oh!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I thought so!
The signal from the transmitter is gone!
"Those will murder a person."
"In Kogoro is in danger!"
"We're at 90 meters! We have to get there in time!"
Haibara, do you know?
Who is DJ.
Tell me!
And next day, a special: "Black Impact!"
"Within arms reach of the Organization, part one"
("Thanks for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni
Shiranai furi wo shite
kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sonido thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

