Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to try to be the best!
I finally get in touch with the Men in Black Organization.
Finally, a terrifying target is revealed!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Boku ni mo Darek wo aiseru tono.
Sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi,
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
BLACK IMPACT!
WITHIN ARM'S REACH OF THE ORGANIZATION, (3RD PART)
(Think) "Kudo?"
"Shinichi?"
Hello!
Eh?
Cool Kid.
Bang.
What a surprise, Miss Jodie.
Hello!
But... What are you doing here?
Well, as far as I know, it turns out the FBI was watching you, too.
"Shortly after the Vermott posed as Dr. Araide,
"That anchorwoman, Queen Mizunashi,
"began to frequent his clinic."
"To tell you the truth, I was quite surprised."
"While keeping watch, I saw..."
that Mr. Mouri, Ran and you were entering her apartment.
How did you do that?
What?
So...
"Now I felt like someone was watching me..."
Was it you?
Of course it was, Conan!
It was me!
Later, I found out that I had asked Mr. Kogoro...
"To investigate the mischief of a child."
"And when I had convinced myself that I was above suspicion...
"And I was going to suspend surveillance..."
"...I saw you running around with a very serious face."
(Think) "Cool kid?"
"I figured there was something big going on."
"So I kept on following her."
"But after a moment,
"I realized she was trying to get rid of me,
"And then I loosened the reins..."
and I stopped following her.
"Sure. You mentioned that earlier."
I'm so sorry.
It seemed to me that I was being followed,
and I tried to get rid of it just in case.
"The car you were talking about was Miss Jodie's."
You guys lost sight of her car too, didn't you?
Leave the rest to the FBI and go home.
We're going back?
That you have any leads?
I can't give you the details,
but I heard she's interviewing 3 people today.
I think maybe one of the three is being manipulated by the organization.
It sounds like they have some kind of... deal.
or there will be some kind of information exchange...
It's not a transaction!
Those people are planning to assassinate one of the 3
at one o'clock noon today.
Eh?
How do you know that?
My transmitter has been glued to the soles of their shoes
by chance
and now I'm tracking him with the glasses and the microphone he's wearing.
(Pip, pip) "Mal, he's getting closer!"
Come in!
Doctor, get in!
(Pip, pip) Hurry!
(Pip, pip) Ah, yes...
This is Jodie.
Target is heading south on Toriya's main road!
Follow her.
"Gin's car takes a different route?"
Shinichi, we'll follow them too?
No, even if we follow them gropingly, we'll do nothing but circles.
And if they find out we're following them, it could cost us dearly.
But if we don't try to do something, maybe they will kill a person, right?
In other words, we'll have to find out who the DJ is,
clarify what this place they call Eddy P is.
and get there ourselves before they show up.
Yes... You get it, right?
Will you now tell us in detail
about the 3 people that presenter will be interviewing today?
The 3 people she will be interviewing are
those who are applying for the first time.
The first one is Mr. Tokiwa Eisaku,
a professor in the Department of Pharmacy at Teito University,
who has researched and developed numerous new drugs.
The second is Mr. Junji Sendo,
a wealthy actor who comes from a distinguished family.
If he wins, he will be the second generation of the family?
to be chosen as a member.

The third is Yasuteru Domon,
son of a retired National Defense Agency officer.
He has served in the State Self-Defense Forces in a senior position.
But we have not been able to find out in detail what time, where and to whom he was going.
what time, where and who he was going to interview.
We were told that it all depended on...
on the network team and the presenter.
It could be an unscheduled interview.
It seems that there is a possibility that some of the team members are also from the
is also from the organization.
But as far as I can see, none of them match the initials DJ.
Eisaku Tokiwa's are ET,
Junji Sendo's are JS
and Yasuteru Domon's are YD.
If only we could figure out which place....
But there are a lot of parks that have parking lots on the edge.
The initials DJ also stand for DJ, right?
The word comes from "disco."
That is, you can change discs many times, playing varied tunes.
Although from the term disco,
you can make an analogy with the jockeys
who race horses, jockeys.
And no data tells us that one of the 3 is linked in some way
with music or that he is attached to gambling.
"Huh? Gambling?"
What do you want us to do?
We should start moving.
"Gamble, gamble..."
If we don't hurry up and track him,
we're sure to lose sight of his vehicle.
No.
We won't chase her.
We'll call the election offices of those candidates
and ask them which candidate has an event scheduled around 1:00.
Don't smoke.
Did you find out?
Yes.
That one of these 3 candidates is a DJ,
and I think the clue we have is the jack of diamonds.
I'm convinced of that. The jack of diamonds?
And how could DJ be interpreted, then?
Yes.
If you recall, they've always used the cards in the deck...
to refer to all their victims!
Diamonds represent wealth and financial power.
By DJ perhaps they're referring to the member of a wealthy family
who, in addition to being elected,
would be the second generation of the family to be chosen.
-It is in Junji Sendo.
The diamond jack symbolizes someone who serves the court,
whether a vassal or an army officer.
It doesn't mean he has to be a prince or the son of a wealthy family.
Eh?
But he just happens to be the only rich guy we have in the offing.
It's true that diamonds symbolize money,
but in astrology they symbolize qualities of the earth element.
In other words, the former lieutenant in the Self-Defense Forces...
who has the "chi" character of "earth" in his name, is Yasuteru Domon.
So, he is your target!
Yasuteru Domon.
He has a strong sense of justice
and has repeatedly expressed radical views
against violence and criminal acts
to television channels and various newspapers.
"For this reason he has earned the hatred of several mafia organizations.
"Who have wanted to assassinate him on different occasions,
"but he has managed to keep them at bay."
If he is the target,
I don't think we'll be rushing to protect him.
No.
The people who want to kill him are from the Black Organization.
It's no joke. (Cell phone rings)
I got the number of your election campaign office.
According to his website,
it looks like he's scheduled to go golfing today,
but it doesn't say where the course is.
So, the parking lot of that golf course may be the place...
where Mr. Domon will be shot.
Be that as it may, it will be quicker to call the office and ask.
Here you are.
Miss Jodie, this is the number.
OK, I GOT IT.
Yes, I've got it.
Mm?
What have you got?
No..., nothing... I just thought you've changed a lot.
What's that?
When someone was involved in an affair you always said:
"Stop it! It's dangerous! You'd better run away!"
You were like a chard.
It's logical that I collaborate, cuckoo.
This time, the microphone and the transmitter...
that you've been so careless about..,
turns out to be stuck to the sole of the shoe of one of theirs.
If they find them, not only you,
but everyone around you will be in danger.
That is, all of us together will end up as if scalded in boiling water.
Yes, all this is true, but...
Besides... Besides, it's just that I...
-Yes, I'm going to see them. -What?

If I go over and look at them, I will know who the culprit is.
No!
I've explained everything well before.
If they don't stop the culprit in the first place,
something terrible could happen.
But...
And not only to you...
There is also the risk that the culprit will make you pay
everyone who helped you to accuse him.
I understand how you feel and that you want to punish this bad person.
But you have to restrain your feelings no matter how strong they are.
By doing so you also show courage.
But... But I... I don't want to run away!
I can't win if I run away!
I will never, ever run away!
Besides... Say.
(Jodie) "What? You don't know? What does that mean?"
"Weren't you scheduled to go golfing?"
Yes, but it's just that this activity was cancelled yesterday.
He said he was meeting someone in a slightly unexpected way.
(Jodie) I beg you to get in touch without wasting any more time!
Tell him not to see this person, his life is in danger!
(Man: river) "We get a lot of calls like yours."
But not to worry.
The Domon candidate is a strong man and is accompanied by two bodyguards.
"Please don't worry. Excuse me, I have a lot of work to do."
No..., wait!
He seems to have taken it very well as a joke.
It can't be!
Well, I'm not too surprised either.
"Coi, now we'll have to focus on the other clue we have."
"We have to track down where that Eddy P. is."
And that TV presenter he's theoretically interviewing,
where is she now?
What do you know?
(Pip, pip)
It's 18 kilometers eastbound from here.
This is right at Nichiuri TV station in Shiodome.
He's gone to assemble the equipment
and head to the interview site with them!
"(Mobile)"
(Thinks) "Eh? A call?"
(Ring)
(Gin) "Nothing happened? - (Gin) "I wanted a confirmation."
I have a cautious and, depending on how, too persistent character.
(Queen) "No problem, all at once."
Now I was gathering the reporting equipment
and was going to leave for Eddy P with the van.
The rain has sprinkled and we have an optimal day to go hunting.
"Kir, this morning I thought too."
Your phone... it's got too much static....
"I'm not the parking lot now, am I?"
"This morning I also answered your call inside the parking lot."
Look, Gin.
We're going through there.
Hey, Chianti!
Good luck.
I'll kill her!
I'll kill her!
I'll kill her any way I can!
I also... I detest... the Vermott...
"In Calvados I was in love with her."
"She used him."
That's why I hate her.
Yeah, the truth is I would have killed it a long time ago,
if she wasn't the favorite in our head.
Damn it!
We don't even have half an hour left
before the time they said to commit murder doesn't come.
Eddy P... Eddy P... Where the hell is he, this Eddy P?
Anyway, I think we should also make our way...
to the TV station, don't you think?
That's right.
We're not gonna get anywhere if we keep on messing around here.
Even if we find out what their hunting ground is going to be,
if we're too far away from the vehicle in question,
we certainly won't be able to stay ahead of their actions.
Yes.
"A hunting ground... By the way, the Vermott said..."
Actually, this is one of the best places to go hunting.
Eh?
What do you mean now?
Clearly you should study a little history, Vodka.
"History..." (mobile)
Ah, a cell phone.
It's my. (Pip, pip)
(Pip, pip)
"Let's see, this tune... it was the one on this phone, maybe?"
Ah, hello?
What's with the "hello"?
You've got some nerve!
How could you even think of answering me like that?
Ran, it's you!
Please forgive me.
(Thinking) "Oh... If they take this horse, I'll make history."
Tell the doctor to get on!
Wait, it's our turn to ride the Ferris wheel.
I'll call you later! Hey, Conan!
Cheeky.
Oh, cool kid, you have a split personality?
"Split personality?"
"Wait a second... A hunting ground, history, park..."
"A split personality!"
Oh... Is he tidying up?
Oh!

"Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde"!
Wow, what memories.
"I've got it!"
Doctor!
Turn right at that light over there and take the freeway!
The freeway?
But if we take the freeway now,
we'll be a long way from the Nichiuri chain.
So far away, because we'll be one step ahead.
In advance?
Do you already have it?
Yes.
I've finally figured it out!
"Now I know the famous Eddy P. site,
"where they intend to carry out the assassination of Mr. Domon,
"turns out to be Haido Park!"
Haido Park.
But how do you know it is Eddy P?
By calling the split personality.
It was at that moment that it became clear to me.
Because Eddy happens to be short for "Edward"!
I get it.
Edward Hyde.
Edward is the first name of a character
in Stevenson's terrifying novel "Jekyll and Hyde".
So, Eddy P refers to Haido Park!
Well, I am sure that there was a parking lot there.
No, they said that this was the best place to go hunting.
"To the real Hyde Park in London,
there were deer and wild boar,
and, in fact, it was a hunting ground for the nobles...
until about the 16th century.
There is no doubt about it!
That's the hunting ground!
Hell, if we go on like this,
the TV station's van will pass us by.
Doctor!
Wait a minute! Yes, all right!
Hey, Gin, Kir's not here yet?
"I'm dying of boredom."
Hold on.
She's already on her way here and she's got DJ with her.
Don't even think about hunting another lamb
to get the boredom out of your system.
"And the same to you, Korn."
(Think) "Oh! That kid! And the FBI agent!"
"How is that possible?"
Listen, it's just me and Miss Jodie.
You guys don't get out of the car, no matter what!
(Agasa) En... entesos.
Anem on it!
"We're out of time! Where will it be?"
I thank you very much...
for agreeing to do this exclusive interview.
It's no bother...
I find this is a good place to do the interview.
There's no doubt about it, it's a wonderful park.
I always pass by when I go for my morning run.
Well, when this happens,
my bodyguards run with me the whole way through.
Why does Kir get so much prayer?
Come on...
By the way, what we talked about, you know...
You accept the condition I put to you
in exchange for doing this interview, right?
Yes, of course I do.
(Domon) I appreciate it.
All right, Kir.
Now take the DJ to the place we had designated.
(Domon) -This report will be tough as nails.
Too bad they don't broadcast it live.
90 meters more!
We have to be on time!
Instead of talking straight,
I suggest we talk somewhere more relaxed.
Good thinking.
How about... about sitting on the bench back here?
On the bench?
He-he-he-he.
That's good.
Fantastic, that's the way I like it.
Let's get it over with very soon, master Domon.
Eh?
Isn't that don Domon?
Oh, it's him!
Yes, it's him!
Please give me your hand!
I don't mind.
You have my support!
Please transform this country!
Ah, yes... (Korn) Thank you very much.
(Korn) I've got it.
Can I shoot?
(Gin) "Korn, not yet."
There's too many lambs complicating things.
You gotta wait for DJ to sit on the bench.
It's over there!
(Gin) Look!
Isn't that that Domon don that's on TV so often?
But where are the snipers?
They were worried about the rain.
Surely..., they are on the roof of a building!
That one there!
And the other sniper is under the water tank!
I'll take care of Mr. Domon.
Get the people to safety.
No.
If we intervene and they fire the rifle without any control,
they could hurt the people around!
We must stop them from firing... and force them to surrender.
What's that?
An umbrella!
All right, all right, I'll shake hands with them after the interview...
It's getting on my nerves.
Take it easy.
We have to wait.
I've got it!
A sprinkler?
Miss Jodie...
What's with the gun?
("Thank you for everything")

Akenai yo nado nai nante uso de
suteta hazu no shinjiru kokoro ni.
Shiranai furi wo shite

kureta kimi wo
yasashisa zenbu uketometai!
Sound thank you for everything!
Ima ugokidashita!
Todokete hoshii yo wasurarenu Kono Omois!
Sound I can not forget Everytime!
Kasane awasete hajimaru!
Arigatou my best friend!
Soba ni itekurere Yuuki!
Itsumo kimi ga ita ella!

