Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to try to be the best!
I finally get in touch with the Men in Black Organization.
Finally, a terrifying target is revealed!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Boku ni mo Darek wo aiseru tono.
Sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi,
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
BLACK IMPACT!
WITHIN ARMS REACH OF THE ORGANIZATION
I'm here!
I have an unbeatable field of vision.
(Chianti: radio) "And you Korn, how are you doing?"
I see it well... Very well.
Yes, I'm ready to my position.
(Kar) Perfect!
All we have to do is wait for the Kir.
(Chianti) "Hey, Vodka."
"Your signal's had too much static for a while now.
(Kar) "No..."
(Chianti) "It's nothing..."
Yeah, that's right.
I guess I'll be there in a matter of minutes.
Let us know when you get there.
Hey, Kir?
Copy that!
Excuse me!
I'd like to ask you something.
Can you stop... the bike?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What a mess!
She's still breathing!
Take her to the hospital, quick!
Okay! (Thinking) "It's Queen Mizunashi!
(Thinking) "It's Queen Mizunashi!"
(Jodie) But how can it be Queen Mizunashi?
According to what you told us,
the woman on the motorcycle was Vermott in disguise.
I was convinced,
because she was quite far from the transmitter's position.
She must have put on this outfit and these boots somewhere.
The transmitter and the microphone she was wearing on the shoes
must be where she changed.
But... where did he change?
(Chianti) Hey, Gin, even if not?
(Chianti) "I hate men who make me wait!"
(Gin) "Chianti, don't be impatient."
"We still don't know anything about the Kir."
"Besides...., DJ's car... it's still stopped."
(Radio: interference)
Say what you want,
but there's so much static that it's hard for me to feel you!
Static?
Eh? (Radio: static)
What's up, boss?
Shut up, don't talk.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
(Agasa) How is it?
Ran, now you're playing?
Yes.
Where is your father?
I don't see Mr. Mouri.
Ah... He came home with the excuse of the horse race.
He was just about to start.
What's the matter?
What's wrong now?
The signal from the transmitter is gone.
And... do you feel anything?
I feel something, but the signal is very weak.
The sound has been muted for a while now.
What's that?
Cancelled?
"Are you saying we're giving up after we've come this far?"
Well, yes... Our boss has also given his approval...
so we can change our target.
Change it?
Change the target?
And then?
Where is your next target?
(Gin) "It's the fifth district of the city of Beika."
Mouri Detective Agency.
Mouri Detective Agency...
(TV: radio) "The horses have passed the fourth turn.
"And now they have entered the straight of the track!"
"The horse in first place is ten, Kitada Kichikuoh!"
Oh, how are they doing?
How are they doing?
Very well!
I'm getting them all right today!
What's that?
Two black vehicles...
that are driving away from Toriya Bridge?
Are those really the vehicles?
(Man) Yes!
One is a Porsche 356 A and the other is a Viper!
We found the abandoned Harley.
The driver of the motorcycle must be one of those cars.
Gee, no, it can't be!
I mean...
The vehicle in which Mr. Domon is traveling, your target,
is driving in front of us and has not yet reached the bridge!
This complicates everything!
Excuse me, can you tell me in which direction the 2 vehicles are going?
The direction of those vehicles?
Eh?
They've turned left...
at the intersection with the fourth district of Toriya...
and now they're heading towards Haido!
How strange it is.
Are they returning to Haido Park where they failed?
No!

Surely those men are heading towards the city of Beika!
They have been discovered!
They have the transmitter and the microphone!
Leave Mr. Domon's car to the agents behind us
and let's go towards Beika!
"Mr. Kogoro is in danger!"
Eh?
What happened to the car behind us?
It was strange that it had been following us so closely for so long.
Let it be!
If you get nervous over insignificant things,
you won't be able to react when the chips are really down.
And I am very grateful to you for the work you do.
I have to surpass myself
to become a man worthy of your protection
and to get over the rough patch I'm going through.
A bad pill to swallow?
I have just received some news.
And it's not good news.
Are you sure?
Are you telling me that in Kogoro Mouri would place a transmitter
and a microphone in the sole of the Kir's shoes?
-Yes... I am sure.
According to the information we have been given,
the only person that the Kir has been in contact with before us
is with that individual.
But this is not sufficient reason to suspect him.
We do not know why he put them up, but it is certain that he did it.
If he had posted them a few days ago,
it is impossible... that, in the Kir, this would have passed him by.
Even less talking about the famous detective.
Are you telling us that the Kir has disappeared because of the detective?
Xxxt!
Speak softly, the microphone still works.
What?
Didn't you destroy it along with the transmitter?
I've wrapped it tightly in a tissue
and hidden it in my trench coat so that it doesn't feel what we're saying.
This way we can also make her suffer a little...
Taking advantage of the fact that that detective is still back in this world,
I'd like to ask him a few questions.
What is it?
That Mr. Kogoro has returned home?
That's right, boy.
The Ran is still here,
but Mr. Kogoro has left
after we've let him stay on him.
Do you want me to go to his detective agency and bring him here?
"No! It would be worse!" Eh?
It looks like he left
before the FBI agents arrived at Dr. Agasa's house.
(Agasa) "What's wrong?" I'll tell you later!
No one is to leave his house under any circumstances until I call you!
"Please, Kogoro. You have to be alive."
"Please, I hope you're safe!"
- (TV: man) "All the horses..." - IIII!
How scary!
It's terrifying!
Since the first race I've already won 11 races!
The god of horse racing has come down to offer me his gifts!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Hey, what's going on here?
I'll get you for this, you devil's television set!
Always at the most interesting time!
- (phone) MM?
(phone ringing) Eh?
To fry asparagus!
(Ring)
"(CLEC)"
Mr. Kogoro!
Mr. Kogoro!
Damn it...
Now I'm playing to be the winner of the 12 races that are being held!
(Radio: man) "And now the last race you've been waiting for."
Who thinks that someone will pick up the phone now?
(Chianti: river) He has a strong temper, eh?
It's been a matter of shooting down my antenna
and show himself as he really is.
Door... some... thing... in the ear.
Because he's probably listening carefully
the signal from the microphone he has installed with all his senses.
So, we'll let him feel our voices,
if that's what he's waiting for.
Do you feel me, Kogoro Mouri?
(Gin) "Don't you dare move an inch."
"We're aiming for your back and you're completely within our reach."
There's something we want to ask
before we open a ventilation tunnel in your jacket.
We want to know what you have to do with the Cherry.
The transmitter and the microphone you have attached?
"They're just like the ones that woman has placed on previous occasions."
I won't take "a coincidence" for an answer.
I'll give you 10 seconds.
If you want to answer me,
take your left hand away from the earpiece and raise it.
"The earpiece?"
Oh!
If he gets it, it will be the apotheosis!
"Of course! Mr. Kogoro listens to horse racing on the radio."
"What a mess!"
It's over there!
I can see it!
10...
9...
8...
The hood of the car!

Hurry up!
7...
6...
5...
4...
3...
2...
1!
Come on!
-Huh? -Huh?
A... soccer ball?
Hey, hey, hey!
Who was the unwise one?!
I'm sorry about that!
It's just that I kicked the ball a little too hard!
I was a kid!
How's the horse racing going?
I was feeling them through the headphones, wasn't I?
Horse racing?
What's that?
Do you know that because of you I just lost the thread?!
Ha-ha... Looks like I had nothing to do with it.
Defeu's-in... from both of you...
Right away!
I get it.
It's about eliminating any suspects.
Wait a minute!
If we eliminate a man with such a close relationship with the police
without having any evidence...
(Gun: CLEC)
I don't want to feel, Vermott!
Oh... Oh, man!
That you have something to do... with that detective?
Well, what if I did?
So much so.
It seems that the person who has placed this microphone
in a more than clumsy way, has left traces...
After getting rid of it,
if we investigate his environment, sooner or later we'll find out.
What?
Behind you, at 8 o'clock.
(Chianti) It's in that building!
(Chianti) It's impossible!
It's 700 yards from here.
Let go of that!
In Shuichi... Akai?
"Beloved, dearest archenemy, at last we meet. My love."
The FBI, now I get it!
-Chief..., what's happened? -Dispersem Contact us
But... and the detective and the boy?
Leave!
We are leaving!
(Wheels: squealing)
Attention, your vehicles heading west...
through Beika's fifth district.
Pursue them.
Well, well, you can say that they have saved the skin just at the last moment.
So those features were shot by an FBI agent?
Yeah, we walked right into their trap.
If they hadn't known
that we had been headed that way for a while,
they wouldn't have been able to get into position in that building.
-So you're saying that Kogoro Mouri and the FBI have teamed up?
I don't think so.
For the FBI, he was just bait...
so they could lead us to where they wanted us to go.
I doubt very much they would risk the life of one of their comrades
the way they did.
They were probably informed...
that he was going to contact the Kir,
and after they said goodbye,
the FBI will have placed the transmitter and the microphone on him.
That way, in the event that we found them,
we would suspect him because of the circumstances.
Let's say this is what happened.
After all, it seems that in Kogoro Mouri is your favorite detective.
Thank you very much.
Anyway, the problem is the Kir.
Is she being held by the FBI?
Yes, they are.
I have no doubt;
she's fallen into their hands.
But she's not the kind of person who empties her stomach at the drop of a hat.
I will use any means necessary to find her.
Will you?
You don't have any clues?
I'm sure there are clues everywhere.
And if I'm being honest,
I don't quite believe that Kogoro Mouri is completely clean either.
Have you seen the TV this morning?
You're saying that because candidate Domon has withdrawn his candidacy
for the current elections, right?
The reason is the suspicion that his father, a government official,
had an extramarital affair 20 years ago.
It appears that Mr. Domon had agreed to an interview
with the Nichiuri network
on the condition that they would keep the affair secret,
but the deal had been arranged by Queen Mizunashi without consultation.
This means that she had not arranged the interview through the network staff.
through the network staff.
If they had known that a man with honest principles such as him
would withdraw from the candidacy for something like this,
they wouldn't have gone through all this bad blood.
But if we had at least been able to stop 2 or 3 of the organization....
I could have shot him in the leg,
but I shot him in the bulletproof vest and it went like this.
I didn't want to stop them with clumsy maneuvers
and turn that into a shootout in the middle of the city
and risk injuring a civilian.
Besides, in this case,
our priority was to make it look like we, the FBI,
had planted the transmitter and the bug.
I'm not wrong, am I?
This is true, but...
And it's not as if all connections with them... have been severed either.

(James) His life is not in danger,
although it looks like he's still unconscious.
I guess we'll have to wait for him to recover.
I have asked them
to keep the fact that she's hospitalized a secret.
But if your anchor suddenly disappears,
the network won't be looking for explanations.
Don't worry.
That guy said he'd figure something out.
That guy again?
Who is he really?
A detective...
My favorite.
(Queen's voice) Hello, is this the head of human resources?
This is Queen Mizunashi!
I'm really sorry, but I need to take a sabbatical.
(Ai) Now that's lucky.
Although they were suspicious of Detective Kogoro Mouri,
who had been on that case with you
(Ai) and that she was close to being murdered,
you've saved yourself by a hair's breadth.
Well, you better thank that man, the Akai....
He foresaw what was going to happen
and ambushed them
to make those people think it was all an FBI plan.
Yeah... I am very grateful to him.
And also to the doctor and you,
for protecting Mr. Kogoro and Ran at the doctor's house.
Are you sure you must be all right?
I understand that no one has been protected at Kogoro since then.
It was safer to have no one to protect him,
so I refused to let the FBI take care of him.
You know what I mean, this is our chance to prove to them...
that Mr. Kogoro has nothing to do with the FBI.
If he had the little sanity to ask the FBI to protect him,
they would suspect him of involvement and the situation would be dangerous.
True, but...
Besides, not to worry, we have the letter they left us,
and it is irrefutable proof.
You mean the presenter Queen Mizunashi, right?
I understand that she is now unconscious in the hospital.
Yes... It seems that the FBI is watching her 24 hours a day..,
waiting for her to regain consciousness.
But there's a danger, if they find the hospital, we're lost...
I've called the TV station using her voice
and told them she'd be gone for a while.
So those men won't think she's in a hospital either.
that she is in a hospital.
Anyway, you have to always be on your toes.
I would put my hand on the fire, that at this moment...
those people are desperately looking for the place where she is.
Yes, I'm sure those men would do anything...
to carry out their purposes.
Don't tell me this is...?
A love letter?
"Perhaps, the suspect has felt the same as us."
"If so, the suspect..."
Excuse me, had you written something else to your diary?
And that man named Nagai was carrying a bamboo sword, wasn't he?
"La Ran said... I'd tell him how I feel straight out."
"But you plan to tell him about me?"
And the next Conan: "A love letter for the Ran."
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

