Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
The end of the year is coming.
Something gives me a bad feeling.
The Ran receives a love letter, and the heart receives a new emotion with a case.
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!

(Sonoko) How sorry you are;
they've given him pumpkin again...
- (boy) Isn't that the Mouri? -Huh?
Hey, Ran!
You're going home already?
Ah..., Sonoko!
Yes, I'm thinking of making Conan some delicious food.
Lately I've been a little lazy when it comes to preparing dinners.
(Sighs) And this from a student in her youth?
Suzuki, maybe you should learn from her.
Shut up, you bore!
I'm going home too!
Can you wait for me at the lockers where we left our shoes
while I go get the bag?
Okay, Suzuki.
(Thinking) "Don't tell me this is...?"
"What do I do now?"
"No, I'll open it at home."
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Eh...?
What's this?
Miss Ran Mouri?
SH?
But, Ran!
This is...!
Xxxst!
It was my locker with the shoes.
What can I do?
What do you mean "what can I do"?
It's crystal clear.
A LOVE LETTER TO THE RAN
(Sonoko) Hurry, tear the envelope.
Open it now!
Don't push me.
"Please forgive me for sending you a letter like this so suddenly."
"When I think of you, Ran,
"My heart starts pounding so hard I can't sleep at night..."
"Please meet me once."
"I'd be waiting after school
"In front of the fountain in Beika Park."
All right, girl!
It's a love letter!
It must be a first,
because the poor guy doesn't know... that Shinichi is your boyfriend.
Now that's a surprise.
Shinichi has nothing to do with this!
Ah!
What a nerve!
You can't talk quietly here!
Excuse me, excuse me!
Ah!
Let's go somewhere else! Wait, Sonoko!
A love letter?
Come to think of it, I haven't received any lately... What about you, Ran?
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't tell me this is the first time you've received one!
It is the first.
What?
I get it!
Since you were with Shinichi all the time, no one comes near you.
Don't let Shinichi in, please!
Who's that man over there?
What?
He must be a former member of the kendo club.
Do you see him?
He's also carrying a bamboo sword.
Let it go.
Now we were talking about the love letter!
What's that? Let's go, let's go!
Wait, wait, wait!
Come on... What are you going now?
You're going to Beika's park, right? I don't know.
I'm a mess.
You don't need to suffer for that!
Go and refuse him, in short.
Tell him that you already have your marriage.
You say it as if you were so given! (laughs)
Girl, you seem to be worried out of your mind.
I will have no choice.
Let me do it!
Eh?
To refuse it, I'll have a lot of left hand.
What will you refuse?
Oh!
The glasses' struçot!
What are you doing here right?
Ran, you are very serious, what's wrong with you?
Normal that is serious,
because she has received her first love letter.
A love letter?
Sonoko! Oh!
Dear Miss Ran!
How I would love to embrace you
and give you a kiss of love on those pretty lips!
Conan, that's a lie!
There's nothing like that written in the letter!
But... it's true that you received a love letter...
Who wrote it? Gee, if it bothers you and all.
Stump of stock, why should I...?!
Well, maybe it bothers me a little... He-he-he-he-he!
Run, go!
You're just a brat.
He's a first-year student with the initials SH.

(Thinking) "A freshman?"
He says he wants them to meet tomorrow after classes
in front of the fountain in Beika Park.
Sonoko, that's enough!
Since the Ran doesn't know how to get ahead,
I'm going to go in her place to refuse the request.
Did you understand? Yes, I understood very well!
"What a drag, me in this situation and look." Who will it be?
"I already do well done to let the Sonoko take care of this?"
"If he's handsome, I'll keep it for myself!"
Maybe something has happened.
You have any problems?
If you need help, ma'am, you can ask that girl over there.
Her father is the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Conan, what are you doing?
Excuse me, please!
And, what's more, her husband is the young detective Shinichi Kudo.
Sonoko!
Yes, I know Detective Mouri.
And also, Shinichi Kudo, the young detective.
I had studied at Teitan High School.
Ah, really, madam?
We are sophomores!
Now I'm hesitating...
Since the boy proposed to me, maybe I'll ask for your help.
Yes!
Ran, isn't that a good idea?
Is it?
Yes, if you think we can help her.
Of course we'll help her, partner!
Come in.
It's a bit messy, but...
(At the same time) Sorry for the inconvenience.
That... that's my husband.
He died last year, you know?
He was sick.
He struggled for 6 months in the hospital to recover, but...
he didn't make it.
It just seems... like someone broke into the house while we were out.
I went out at one o'clock,
and I've been out for a couple of hours with Yuta.
I seem to have forgotten to lock that glass door.
And well, I...
I'm in charge of taking the rent to the manager in person...,
so I went to the bank this morning to take out some money
and I put them in this envelope.
It looks like, it looks like somebody opened it and took out what was inside.
Huh?
You mean it's been stolen?
But they've all come back to me, penny for penny.
Listen.
And how do you know for sure that they've been taken?
By the fold that's on the bills, even if they're new, right?
That's right... It's a slight fold, but you see it, don't you?
And also... although I always leave it here,
there's evidence that someone has read this diary.
And even more.
The most obvious proof is that someone has put a stick of incense on the altar.
But the incense was still burning, wasn't it?
About how much incense was left to burn?
Well... about half of it.
This means that the incense
that the incense was put on the altar about 15 minutes ago,
because the incense sticks burn for half an hour.
Blow, you know a lot of things, Conan!
This estruçot always knows all about strange things!
It is very strange.
What must be going on here?
If we know that someone has entered your house, maybe it means...
The question is to find out who and for what purpose he has intruded.
It must be a stalker!
How can you spy on someone else's diary?
But, apart from that from my diary,
he doesn't seem to have looked or taken anything else.
Then he must be a thief!
All right, then I wouldn't have returned the money...
Besides, it's totally unthinkable...
that a thief would offer a stick of incense on the altar.
I found it rather unpleasant,
and that's why I called the local police,
but they told me that if they didn't take anything,
there's no point in them looking into it.
"Incense...? This is what puzzles me the most."
"The culprit is either an acquaintance of hers or an acquaintance of her husband."
Excuse me, can you explain how you met her husband?
Eh? Conan, please!
This estruçot always so precocious!
We were classmates in high school.
But at that time we didn't feel anything for each other.
After graduating from college,
we met by chance and started dating.
It's a different case than Ran and her marriage.
"It clearly is!"
You said earlier that you had read her diary.
What kind of things are there written? There's nothing special.
Trivial things of everyday life,
explaining that working every day and taking care of the child is very hard,
that I think of my husband to encourage me to keep on fighting.
and things like that.

Actually, this business of getting by on your own must be tough.
The truth is... I once thought about committing suicide.
But the fact of having a child and the memory of my husband,
who despite the sufferings of his illness,
fought relentlessly to live intensely, pulled me back.
And not only my husband,
in this world there are so many people who want to live, but cannot.
I came to the conclusion that, if I committed suicide, I would be doing something unforgivable,
I would be doing something unforgivable, knowing all this.
I can't help it... I start crying.
"Perhaps, the suspect has felt the same as us."
"If so, the suspect..."
You know, the other day I saw on television...
that a person who had gone to rob a house...
changed his mind at the last minute and left without taking anything.
Oh.
Really, Conan?
Yes, it seems that when he went in,
he didn't know it was the house of a teacher
who had taught him when he was a kid.
Yuriko!
Don't tell me you're a schoolteacher?
What?
No, I'm not.
But even if you're not a teacher,
if the house belongs to a person the suspect knew,
that means she was a special person to him.
Maybe I should also start writing a diary.
What's more, the suspect has read the diary of that special person!
The diary of a person who tries to live with all his or her strength
in spite of adversity.
Of course he has!
That's why he didn't take anything, offered a stick of incense and left!
"Exactly, exactly..."
(Sonoko) Maybe that special person is someone....
who wrote her a love letter when she was in high school.
Apa here!
Sonoko, I take this problem seriously!
I take it seriously too!
Yuriko, what do you think?
Eh?
Well, now that you mention it...
I once had a letter like this written to me.
-When was it? -In January of the third year.
But since we'd never spoken to each other
and I didn't even know what his name was or what face he made...
From first to third grade, we had never met in class.
But it seems that he had always looked at me in a special way.
The thing is that I had never realized it.
Unrequited love like a country house, wow.
(Yuriko) To that letter he said:
"I want you to meet me in front of the fountain in Beika Park."
- (all) What? (Yuriko) -Nothing happened?
Nothing, sorry.
Hi went, to the appointment?
I didn't know what to do, but I found him there waiting for me,
and I told him what I felt in all sincerity.
Can you tell us what you said?
I think I told him:
"It makes me very happy that you feel that way about me,
"But right now the only thing I can think about is the exams
"to get into college."
Then..,
"He went home without saying anything."
Let's see...
Ah, it was this one, at Shuhei Nagai.
What's that?
Look at that guy!
(Sonoko) Oh!
(Yuriko) In Nagai he went... in high school?
Yuriko, was it the kendo club in high school?
Yes, I was the captain the second year.
- (boy) Mother! -I thought so!
This is definite!
The person who has entered your house from 10 to one was this man.
"I think so too."
Yuriko, did you feel anything from him after you graduated?
No.
And that was a couple of years ago.
"I heard from a friend of my husband's."
"I had never told my husband or anyone else about Nagai,
"And at that point it came up in conversation
"Like other high school classmates they had been talking about."
She spent a blank year,
he finally couldn't get into the college he wanted to get into
and, boy, after he graduated,
the only place he found a job was at a company
that was neither hot nor cold to him.
In the end, she left the company and is now self-employed.
-Yuriko, that you got into one of these elite universities?
I don't know if that was an elite university or not,
but I couldn't get into the university I had chosen.
That's it... Now I understand everything, perfectly.
Sonoko, what do you mean?
Will you feel my deduction?
"Come on, what do you know, t'empatolles?"
I'm sure that Shuhei Nagai has never forgotten you
from the moment you met in front of the fountain in Beika Park.
He did not contact you

because of the inferiority complex he felt
inferiority complex she felt for not having been able to get into an elite university like hers.
After that, though he made his way into the working world,
"Nothing ever went right for him and he finally ran out of money."
"So he came to Beika
"To steal something from one of the houses in the neighborhood.
"And while he was looking for mansions of wealthy families,
"Like me, for example,
"He noticed that the glass door of his house was a little open."
"After making sure that no one was home,
"He entered with the intention of stealing whatever he could find of value, but...
"He realized that the woman in the photograph was the girl....
"With whom he had had that unrequited love from high school days."
"And the man in the photograph also looked familiar..."
"He was a former classmate!"
"What's more, seeing that the picture of him was on the altar.
"She realized that her former classmate had died."
"Besides, she found the diary there,
"And although she knew it wasn't well done, she read it."
"She discovered that despite having to take care of a small child,
"She tried to live with all her strength."
"And she also thought about her classmate who died very young."
"Despite the fact that he is young and healthy.
"She was ashamed to see how he deviated from the right path."
When I see the Ran practicing karate with all his might,
sometimes I myself realize
that I have to try very hard to live my life intensely.
Sonoko...
So in Shuhei Nagai decides to start a new life....
"And puts the money back in the envelope."
"He swears an oath
"And at the same time he feels a deep gratitude for his former partner,
"He offers him a stick of incense and then leaves."
"Next,
"Thinking that he may never come back to this town again,
"He makes one last visit to the high school from which he graduated."
And, coincidentally, he has found,
that there was then training at the Kendo club.
"At that time,
"Perhaps he was reminiscing about the memories he had of you, Yuriko,
"overcome with emotion..."
"So now, surely, it will be Beika Park looking at the fountain."
It can't be...
Sonoko, I congratulate you, you're great!
"It's been amassed in my deduction."
Ahem! Wait a minute, girl.
That Nagai we saw in front of the dojo...
doesn't quite fit the description of your deduction.
(Sonoko) "To me he seemed, how should I put it, a bit more desperate."
(Sonoko) "Maybe you're right."
"Besides, I'm worried about seeing him with a bamboo sword."
(Sonoko) "What?
A shinai? Yes.
Excuse me, had he written something else to his diary?
For I must say... the truth,
there's something I haven't explained to you.
Ten days ago..,
I had a small accident with a man who was riding a bicycle.
At the time he told me he was fine, but...
later he showed up saying that he couldn't move his neck.
How strange!
I told him I would pay his doctor's bills,
but he told me to go out with him
instead of paying his bills.
-(Yuriko) What a scoundrel!
(Yuriko) I didn't think he was a trustworthy man
and I was afraid that if I turned him down too rudely, he'd end up hurting me,
he would end up hurting Yuta.
That's why I didn't say anything to anyone.
Where is this man right now?
He's on a trip and doesn't arrive until the afternoon.
That's why I know he's not the one who broke into the house.
So, everything you explained to us is written in your diary, right?
Yes...
And that man named Nagai was carrying a bamboo sword, wasn't he?
That could be it!
(Man) What's wrong with you?
Who are you?
That woman's boy?
You're wrong!
No... don't go near him!
And neither Oses... touch her son!
What?
I don't understand what the hell you're saying!
Bastard!
Pocapena!
Conan!
Come on, man!
You're already knackered?
Don't touch it.
What? Don't go near... her.
Don't go near... her.
Please!
What are you saying?
I can't feel you...
(Yuriko) Nagai!
What are you doing here?
What are you doing, brat?
(Yuriko) Hey!

Now that's strange!
That he can move his neck?
Come here, you devil boy!
You're a filthy rat!
Now you'll see!
What do you want, little girl?
Iaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Sir, it looks like you'll have some real neck problems now!
Shuhei!
Shuhei!
Shuhei, are you all right?
For... forgive me, please.
I read your diary.
Don't worry about it.
You don't need to say anything.
I just... wanted to help you.
11 years ago...
11 years ago...
it made me very happy... to see you coming in the park.
I was sure... you wouldn't come.
I'll go... to meet you personally.
Well, I don't quite know how I'm going to do it yet..,
but I'll tell you what I feel inside me straight out.
I think it's only fair
to be frank with the person who left me that letter.
Yes.
It will be the best.
"I have arrived in time."
Xxxt!
"Oops! Ran said he would tell her how he feels bluntly,
"But do you plan to tell him about me?"
Sorry!
I put that I'll wait for you here, but I made you wait in the end.
What?
A... this means...
"What?"
It's just that I'm a super fan of you, Ran Mouri,
the captain of the karate club!
You are! Ah, thank you very much.
Please continue to work hard as you have been!
(Sonoko) Excuse me!
(Sonoko) What was that?
I see that wasn't a first grader.
Sonoko!
You too, Conan?
(Sonoko) Ah!
What a pity!
And I thought you'd say what you really feel today...
Too bad, girl!
But... this popularity with the girls does a lot for you, Ran!
A girl who looks like the Haibara.
The chances we're left with
is that she was involved in some kind of accident or perhaps...
Anyway, our priority is to find Shoko.
And that accident... Tell me, where did that accident happen?
(Ding-dong, ding-dong)
And the next Conan:
"The super-secret way to go to school, (part one)."
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

