Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
An intelligent and firm stall girl.
This fourth-grade girl who looks like Ai
suffers an unexpected accident!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!

Yaiba kick!
-M'assemblo him, right? -Yes, right!
You look a lot like him!
Genta!
Stop chattering and clean up at once!
Tat-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
-It's you, space mole! -Oh?! -Oh?
Yaiba the Masked!
Genta Kojima!
Stop it!
Yes!
Ouch!
Ow, Genta!
Stop playing around and help us finish the cleanup quickly!
If you don't do as I say, I'll tell the lady!
(Think) "Even though I have the appearance of an elementary school child,
"Even the teachers make me nervous."
(Children: fuss)
Genta!
Stop it!
"Well, there's nothing better than quiet."
We'll get it over with right away!
Mmmm?
It's terrible!
It's terrible!
Oh!
Aaah!
(At the same time) Ooooh!
Apa!
Mm?
It's terrible!
Oh, what a pain!
Caram, Mitsuhiko, are you okay?
What happened?
What are these nerves?
-It's... it's a case!
A case! - (time) A case?
A girl, a room girl has disappeared!
(At the same time) Missing?
Well, yes.
It happens that her older sister and I are classmates,
"And when I was little, she used to come with her older sister...
"To play at home."
"That's how I met her."
"But, yesterday, I suddenly got a call from her...
"And we agreed to go home together today."
"So I stopped by her class just now..."
I was told that he didn't come to school today.
And you must not have caught a cold or something?
No!
That's impossible!
I called her house, but no one picked up the phone.
And besides, she told me...
"That she wanted to ask us something and that you should come with me."
That we had to go home together at all costs!
What do you mean?
You mean the Junior Detective League?
That's right.
He said he'd explain the details to us on the way home
in a very concerned voice.
She sounded pretty worried to me.
Something, Mitsuhiko: that girl, what is she like and what's her name?
She's from room A. Her name is Shoko Amemiya, and she has brown hair.
"Brown hair..." And a little curly.
With a boyish haircut... like a boy.
That's right, she's a girl who looks quite similar to Haibara!
(Thinks) "It can't be!"
THE super secret WAY TO SCHOOL, (PART ONE)
Children!
Have you finished cleaning up?
(At the same time) Miss Kobayashi!
Come on, come on, kids, hurry up!
What a group...
So, tell me, what did the school tell you?
Have they contacted his family?
-Well, look... -What are you talking about?
Ah, we're talking about Shoko Amemiya, from room A!
Ah, Shoko Amemiya.
She was scheduled to miss a few days of school starting today.
She had to go to the funeral of a grandfather of hers who lived in Kyushu.
But yesterday, when she was on her way back home,
it seems that he said he would still come to school today,
so I've been a little worried too.
Maybe he changed his mind and finally decided to go.
Professor Hirayama, her tutor,
said that's probably what happened.
Professor Hirayama?
-I don't remember anyone by that name. We haven't heard of him.
It's normal that he doesn't know anything.
He's a new teacher who arrived the day before yesterday.
He's the replacement for the teacher who had a traffic accident.
"A traffic accident?"
Well, I guess he'll be introduced to you next Monday morning,
when we hold the assembly.

Miss, do you remember when the traffic accident occurred?
Well, yes, I do.
This Monday.
(Thinking) "Two days after the assassination attempt?"
Tell me something, miss,
have you been able to talk to your parents in Kyushu?
I'm sure they will be able to talk very soon.
We have called her relatives' home in Kyushu
and they told us that the girl's family will be arriving in the evening.
Au, I'll take care of closing the class,
you go back home.
(At the same time) Yes, Miss!
"We will do it when we pass by the fourth A class."
(Inaudible)
Even a slouchy cap looks good
when it's on a pretty girl's door, right?
Give it back to me.
The general opinion of her class was that she was smart,
skilled in all subjects, not very talkative, and that she had a firm position.
Also, when she wanted to say something, she said it without mincing words.
Among boys she is not very attractive,
but she's very popular with the girls.
Oh, it sounds like she's talking about you!
Ah!
But Haibara, don't worry, you are popular with the boys!
-Thank you very much. You're welcome.
Ha-ha-ha...
By the way, Haibara.
Why are you wearing this cap?
It's Conan's cap, isn't it?
See, what's wrong with it?
Sometimes you feel like wearing one.
-Yeah, that, it's kind of masculine! -You're so happy!
Let's see guys, one question:
why is the Haibara wearing Conan's cap?
Is there a law that forbids anyone to wear Conan's cap?
Is there?
Well, no...
Mmmm...
(Kudo voice) If that girl had the same manner as the Haibara,
it's unlikely that a nutcase tricked her and kidnapped her.
Another possibility is that she was involved in an accident...
Or that the new teacher who has arrived is from the Organization
and kidnapped her thinking she was me.
Don't be silly!
It hasn't been that long.
This would be... intervening too quickly.
Well look, for them it would be taking too long.
(Ai) "Especially if they've discovered that you were the person
"That placed them that transmitter and that microphone."
And this cap serves me as protection
in case this is what happened.
Did I get it right? Yes.
But then why should I be the tutor of the fourth A class?
It's true.
It doesn't quite fit.
If it had been them,
they would have walked right into the classroom unceremoniously.
What worries me
is that he started behaving suspiciously 2 or 3 days ago.
"Yes, it seems that after class she avoided her friends....
"And went home alone."
And when we asked her friends about it,
they said they didn't know why she did it.
Maybe the girl... had the feeling that she was in grave danger.
This doesn't make sense.
If she had the feeling that someone was threatening her,
she wouldn't have chosen to move with the family nearby.
And she would also have gone to Kyushu just like that.
Yes, that's true.
But the story changes in strength
if we take into account that this is a very reserved child
who doesn't express her concerns.
Like someone I know.
Look who's talking.
(Mitsuhiko) Haibara!
Conan!
Come on, guys, it's this way!
This is the house of Shoko Amemiya.
Previously, we haven't found evidence of any accidents here either.
Oh, my gosh!
Where did she go?
Maybe she wanted to make a bell
and now she's playing the game console at home.
Because today she was home alone, right?
(Ding-dong)
-It seems that there is no one at home.
Th-That's true.
I think maybe we could go in unannounced.
(At the same time) What?
I've come here before
and I've seen the place where they've hidden a key.
Let me look around here.
I've found it!
-I don't think we should do that.
Th-That's true.
It's not right to enter someone else's house without permission.
Hello!
I'm Mitsuhiko!
I'm not a thief.
Hello!
No one's home?
Hello!
I'm in Mitsuhiko!
I'm not a thief!
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Is that the girl on the right? Yes, that's right!
That's right!
She does look a bit like Ai.
Speaking of resembling.
She had something else in common with Ay...
Hey!
Don't tell me he even resembles him in voice!
No, his voice is completely different...

and neither does he resemble you in the sarcastic comments he makes.
Well, excuse me, pretty boy.
(Ding-dong)
Alright guys, maybe he's already back home!
(Ding-dong) -Huh? -Oooh!
Kids, who... who are you?
And who are you?
Speak up!
Well, I'm a teacher at Teitan elementary school...
and my name is Bungo Hirayama.
I am the tutor of Shoko Amemiya, who lives in this house.
-Oysters! -It's her teacher!
He gave us quite a scare!
Eh... Did you notice, you have a scratch on your right eye!
Yes, I fell down the stairs this morning.
The glasses... they fall off.
Ah, it's just that the screws on the glasses are loose.
I don't know if we can trust him very much, this teacher.
By the way, children.
Who are you?
Who lives in this neighborhood, children?
We are students of the Teitan elementary school,
the place where you teach!
We are from first B.
Well, that's very nice.
But what do you do here?
Well, we're doing the same as you, teacher.
We were worried too, so we came to look for her.
You know, in the fourth grade Shoko Amemiya!
I knew where they had the key to the house,
so we went in on our own
to confirm whether she had left or not.
We know greu.-But there is no one at home.
I can see that... So, she has gone to Kyushu after all.
Tell me, Professor:
Did the Amemiya tell you that she would be home alone today afternoon?
Yes, but just yesterday she said she would have breakfast,
lunch and dinner at the Miike's house, who are your neighbors.
Then it must be there!
Sure it must!
Very well then, let's go there!
Let's get going!
Genta, wait, don't run so fast! Genta!
(Genta) Wait!
(Genta) Miike's house!
What did you say?
That Shoko Amemiya didn't come?
No, because she has to come tonight.
"I saw him this morning
"When he was going to school with his backpack on his back."
-Then it's a serious case! -What can we do?
What happened to Shoko Amemiya?
Shoko Amemiya didn't come to school today and we are very worried.
What?! You haven't received any calls from the school?
Well, I went out shopping with some ladies in the neighborhood,
and I just got back a moment ago.
Besides, my husband is at work and no one was home.
So I couldn't tell you if they are calls or not.
But it is worrying.
Shoko's family has gone to Kyushu for her grandfather's funeral.
How can it be understood that she decided to stay at home
and thus left in charge of you, Mrs. Miike?
I don't know.
I wouldn't know why,
but it seems that the Shoko started to cry...
"And she begged her parents that she didn't want to go."
(At the same time) Plo... cried?
And when I saw him this morning,
he didn't look like he slept too well.
He must have had an argument with his parents?
This morning you saw something special in her that was unusual?
Well, when I said to her, "You're up early today, girl",
she said, "I had to go to the supermarket around the corner."
At the supermarket?
You see?
She had an argument with her parents and ran away from home!
Of course... It's logical, she wanted to buy food at the supermarket!
Oh, no!
But she didn't strike me as the kind of student who runs away from home.
Who are you, anyway?
Oh, I'm sorry.
My name is Hirayama, I'm Shoko Amemiya's tutor.
-Ah, the teacher nou. -Yes.
I'll just be substituting
until the teacher who had the accident recovers.
Anyway, if you don't receive a call from me in half an hour,
please call the police!
Don't worry.
I promise we will find her!
What's that?
Who... who are you?
I'm Conan Edogawa! Y...
(Alho)... the Junior Detective League!
-Let's go! - (all) Yes!
(Man) Shoko Amemiya, an elementary school student?
I don't know...
I started working as a supermarket manager recently,
so I don't know the kids in this neighborhood yet.
I can show you how it is.
It's this girl!
Yes!
This girl came here today in the morning!
(Ayumi) Really?
But, Mitsuhiko, when did you take this picture of her?
When we were at her house a while ago,
I took this picture with my cell phone while you were distracted.
And then?
What do you remember buying?
Mmm...

I think it was a fruit juice in a plastic bottle,
a carton of milk and a small keychain knife.
That's right.
Fruit juice, milk and a razor?
If you only have things to drink you will go hungry.
If you have also bought a penknife,
it could be that he needed it
for something he had to do at school.
Well, at least now we know he wasn't planning to run away from home.
Hey, sir.
Is there anything you missed about her?
Mmm... Let me think...
Now that you mention it,
it's been in the kitchenware section for quite a while.
"I asked her if she was looking for something specific,
"but he didn't answer me and went to another section."
What must he have wanted to buy?
Look at this here, guys!
Chopsticks, maybe?
Father is always asking me to buy!
It's not the kind of thing you buy before you go to school!
Let's see, I don't think I'm going to take...
and go to school with a toothpick in his mouth.
If you want to know about that little girl,
I already talked to those kids a while ago.
Very well, then.
All right, then.
Hey, we'll have to be careful with that teacher.
I don't like him.
"He makes it look like he's a good person to us,
"But then we walked away from him,
"He gave us an aggressive look."
Yeah, I guess so.
What do you mean by that?
Anyway, our priority is to find the Shoko.
Come on!
If it isn't you!
Agent Yumi!
The girl in the mini patrol car!
What are you kids doing here?
Home is on the other side of the neighborhood, right?
Now I get it!
The last place you saw that girl named Shoko Amemiya
before she disappeared,
is this supermarket?
Yes.
You haven't received any calls from the police?
Either from suspicious persons or from a traffic accident?
No, we haven't received any yet today.
But we have received a lot of complaints about improper parking.
Improper parking?
Yes, people park their motorcycles and cars...
in places where they shouldn't be parked.
This is not right!
Now we were going to take care of some improperly parked vehicles.
And why did you stop in front of this supermarket?
Are you hungry? -No, man, no!
I came to buy a mask!
Agent Yumi, did you catch a cold?
No, now I have to go to three places,
but to all three I have to go with a mask by force.
It smells very bad in these places?
In two, yes.
One is near a waste collection point.
There are many people who deposit organic waste
whatever day it is
and that becomes a free buffet for crows.
And the catipén that make the waste
that the crows have stirred up is quite unpleasant.
They would do better to prohibit the depositing of waste
outside of the proper days
before issuing fines for improper parking.
And the second site?
The second place is an old warehouse,
and I don't know if it's because of the dust or the dirt or what,
but now, every time I go near it I can't stop sneezing.
I went there just yesterday
and I ended up with a nose that looked like a faucet....
Although I had gone there other times and nothing had happened to me.
And the other place?
It's very close to the house where my ex from college lives.
I don't want to see it because I turned him on in a bad way.
So he will put the mask on his face?
Was he such a bad person?
No, he was a good looking guy,
but he was too childish for my taste.
Hey!
Now there's no point in me even talking about my ex!
"It was you who brought it up."
Well, in all three places there are pachinko establishments...
and recreation centers nearby,
so a good portion of the customers
who can't park their cars and motorcycles in the parking lot, leave them in the middle of the street!
leave them in the middle of the street!
-Do you understand? - (time) Yes...
But now the most serious problem is that this girl is missing.
Please, can you talk to the Police Department again
and check again?
See if there has been any accident. (Yumi) Understood.
It seems that there have been no traffic accidents in this neighborhood...
Caram.
Then where did he go?
Oh, can't you think of anything else?
If she was like you, maybe you can intuit... where she must have gone.
I say that because you're very similar.
I don't know...

(Genta) Come to think of it.
Mitsuhiko, you told us before...
that girl had something else in common with the Haibara!
I'm trying hard to remember what it was, but nothing at all.
We're having a crisis and you're eating?
What's wrong with that?
Thinking always makes me hungry.
You know that.
Ah, it's true!
Come to think of it,
that little girl went out on the street
and drank the fruit juice in front of the supermarket.
She drank it all in one gulp.
If so, she would be very thirsty, poor thing.
But the supermarket is close to her house.
"She has bought a fruit juice that went in a plastic bottle,
"a carton of milk and a razor."
"Then she stops in the kitchen utensils section."
"And she has a similar character to the Haibara..."
"Maybe it is!"
-Conan!
-Conan!
"I thought so."
(Genta) Hey, is that girl really in this place?
(at once) What?
Don't tell me that a car... ran over the Shoko!
And the next Conan:
"The super-secret way to go to school, (part two)"
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

