Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
The mystery of the door sealed from the inside with adhesive tape
that doesn't let in a coiled love.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
"After the fight against the Black Organization,
"We led a quiet life with no disturbances."
"Then, a new student who looks like the Kir....
"She came to Ran's class."
"It's the Eisuke Hondo."
"In the end, the Eisuke turned out to be an awkward student...
"And a big fan of Mr. Kogoro."
"Right after that, a customer asked him...
"to find a woman who had disappeared."
Explain,
did you really find yourselves in a place like this in the mountains?
Look!
On the other side of that tree!
That's my car!
Ami!
Ami!
The doors are sealed on the inside of the vehicle
with duct tape.
Then... there's a portable charcoal stove made of mud
with burnt remnants of solid fuel.
This is a carbon dioxide poisoning
produced due to the combustion of the solid fuel
inside a hermetically sealed car.
There is no doubt that she has committed suicide.
"No..."
"This is murder.
"Very carefully planned to make it look like a suicide."
"And even more: surely..., the murderer is that man."
A POINT OF NO RETURN, (PART TWO)
Is it a suicide?
Then there is nothing we can do...
Later you will be asked
to come to the police station to give us his testimony,
but now we can fold.
Ah!
What a warning.
What did you take wrong?
Yes, I seem to have stumbled over some kind of pothole.
Eh...?
Why is this snow less deep?
Because of the size of this space,
I'd say there was a vehicle parked here earlier.
But that's odd.
Who parked here?
It's about the same size...
as the rental car that this gentleman is driving.
By the way, can you tell us exactly when you rented that car?
Ah... I rented it last night...
It so happens that after the discussion we had last night,
as he had mentioned to me that I needed to use my car today,
at all costs, I rushed to rent one...
because I also needed to get around by car.
I had no idea he wanted to use the car for something like that.
You know what, sir?
You look like you've got a head full of birds.
If you knew she had to use her car,
why did she leave her important work papers in it?
Oh, uh... It's... I just thought I'd get the papers in the morning.
What are you talking about?
What's so important about your work?
It's the papers for a project that he's going to hand in to the company tomorrow.
I was looking for the car along with his girlfriend,
who had disappeared,
because I could just retrieve the documents.
Hello, have you found them yet?
Eh, no... For now I was more worried about Ami...
Now that you mention it, the documents...
Excuse me, did you find some documents in the car?
-Ah..., if you're asking for an envelope, we've seen one in the back seat.
Yes..., these are the ones, these are the ones!
You found them?
I'm happy for you.
Come to think of it...
A bag that looks like the victim's purse
was also inside the car.
Inside was that.
-Mmm? -That... is a lighter.
Why would she put an object like this inside her bag?
We know she put it in her bag today,
because we've found a burn from this lighter
to a novel that was on sale today and that was also inside.
But for some reason unknown to us,
we didn't find any fingerprints on this novel.
Eh?

This is getting more complicated by the minute....
She hated smoking
and often hid the lighter to prevent me from smoking in the car,
because I'm a heavy smoker.
She probably took it because she was used to it.
-Are you a heavy smoker? -Yes, I am.
Please, can I go and have a cigarette in the rental car?
I've been smoking... due to circumstances.
Do.
Cigarettes.
Wait a second...
"Might as well!"
Hey, you!
"I thought so."
"Without a doubt..., the murderer is Mr. Misumi."
Get out of here!
"Now all it takes is for me to figure out the set-up."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ouch!
Ouch, ouch, ouch! Eisuke, are you okay?
You see?
On these kinds of occasions, I'm always the first one to slip.
Guaita!
You have blood on your finger!
Did you see it?
Ah..., maybe I cut myself...
by a windshield glass that fell near here.
Wait, I think I'm wearing a band-aid.
Give me your finger.
Yes.
Eeeh?
With a little saliva the wound closes quickly!
Yeah, but a band-aid might be better.
"Put it on yourself."
It's going great, isn't it?
Eh?
Why is that?
Because it allows an open wound to close in an instant.
See?
It's as if there was no wound at all.
Huh?
"Wait a second, don't tell me that duct tape...!"
Excuse me, Mr. Coroner.
Huh? (chuckles)
You again?
Look, sir!
I think I dropped something when I got in the car...
I can go in and get it, right? What do you think?
"Sure... Now I get it..."
Su-ï-ci-di!
I repeat that it's suicide!
But, Mr. Kogoro...
The car where Miss Ami was in was sealed
from the inside with duct tape,
and on the passenger seat there were remains of the combustion
of a solid fuel in a portable mud stove!
Therefore, this case does not have to....
the Sleeping Kogoro's show of deductions!
-I guess not...- What a pity.
-Aaaai...- aaaa....
Enough sighing!
I should be glad this isn't murder!
But all the comrades at the police station are looking forward to
to see a recording with the Sleeping Kogoro!
And can't you fix it somehow?
What do you mean by that? Excuse me, Mr. Kogoro.
Mmmm?
What do you want?
I've noticed something.
Can you come with me for a moment?
What-what's wrong?
What-what is it?
Mr. Mouri!
Take a good look at this door...
Don't you see anything strange?
As a matter of fact, I don't.
I just see that the adhesive tape has been cut, nothing else.
Oooh... Ah... Not again.
Excuse me, what happened to you?
Oh!
That concentrated posture of yours,
as if he wants to make a fool out of everyone is inimitable!
It's the Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) This "like an imbecile" is not necessary.
Ah..., but if he has put himself in this posture it means that....
Vo... You...!
Yes... Now we'll start with the Sleeping Kogoro's deductions!
-Viva! -Live! -Live!
But before that...
take here the most important person involved in this case,
Mr. Misumi, the partner of the victim in this case!
What?
The spectacle of Detective Mouri's deductions?
But it's ridiculous.
The Ami was a suicide, wasn't it?
There is no more room for deductions here.
Yes, that's true, but...
(Kogoro voice) It's all over for him.
Because this is a murder that he wanted to pass off as a suicide!
-Did you say a homicide? -Eh?
And even if I tell you more.
The murderer has broken the windshield glass,
"He entered the car to rescue the Ami,
"cut the duct tape and opened the car."
Mr. Atsushi Misumi, I'm saying it's you!
-What do you mean? -Oh!
Really?
I didn't expect this.
You see?
That's the Sleeping Kogoro.
He's just looking down and talking normally.
No hand of God in this, you see?
Yes..., yes, it's true, but it doesn't surprise you at all?
Eh, what?
Look for a moment on the other side of Mr. Mouri!
That child is behind the car!
Ah...!
You mean Conan?
Normally the father helps during deductions,
ten wait their turn to intervene.
Of course, of course.
Please, Mr. Mouri, stop joking!
Let's be serious!

"I'm the first one who came here to hire him.
"To ask you to look for her!"
If I have done so, why should you accuse me?
So that you had your reasons for coming to ask me.
To make it look like the car was sealed with duct tape from the inside!
What do you say?
Make it look?
Allow me a comment, Mr. Mouri.
I am convinced that this car was sealed from the inside.
Even the forensic scientists have said
that the adhesive tape was so stuck
that it was difficult to remove it.
This is very true...
But it is only consistent with the tape on the driver's seat....
No one has ever thought that the adhesive tape...
on the passenger seat could have been cut from the beginning.
Eh?
But, Mr. Mouri, you saw yourself...
how he cut the adhesive tape on that door with a knife, didn't you?
Yes, I saw it very well.
"He put his right hand on top of some loose strips of tape...
"that he had put on top of the tape that he himself had cut earlier,
"And with a lot of skill he cut them,"
pressing hard so that they would adhere well to the bass tape.
Oh.
Poorly adhered strips?
First, Mr. Misumi takes his girlfriend here with his car?
"And, on the way here, he puts her to sleep...
"by putting a sleeping pill in her coffee can."
"Then he takes her in his arms, puts her in the driver's seat...
"And seals the driver's and passenger doors...
"With duct tape from the inside
"Making sure it's well adhered."
"Next, cut the tape on the passenger seat...
"Coinciding with the spaces in between...
"Between the car door and the car body."
"Open the door and put tape on the inside, vertically,
"on top of the tape you've cut...
"Making sure it covers the previous cuts."
"Next, he burns the solid fuel in the portable mud stove...
"which is under the passenger seat,
"He gets out of the car and closes the door to finish the operation!"
"Finally, he leaves in the car....
"Which he had left in this place expressly..."
and left for a while...
He comes back with a person who can serve him as a witness
"And to verify personally
"That the adhesive tape on the driver's door is securely attached."
"Then he breaks the windshield glass,
"gets into the car,
"cuts the tape that was barely holding on.
"Pressing with the hand to stick it well..."
and we already have the impression of a homicide in an enclosed space!
It's true!
If what you want is to save a person who is the driver's seat,
the most natural thing to do would be to open the door on the driver's seat...
"It would be more natural to think
"That the adhesive tape that was on the driver's seat
"And that you can see out the window, would also be so well adhered."
If you were to adhere the last layer by pressing down hard with your hand
as you did with the other window,
it would stick so well that no one would know the difference...
even if they checked and would get the idea that it was well sealed!
Please take a look at the area.....
where the cut is in the bonded tape,
next to the passenger seat.
The cut?
The places where the cuts are
to the horizontal and vertical adhesive tapes are different.
"This is the proof that shows us
"That after cutting the adhesive tape placed horizontally,
"he put another layer vertically."
Of course... That's right!
Does this mean that the driver's seat had been pushed back
and that the wrinkles in the clothes had an explanation?
Yes, it proves for sure,
that Mr. Misumi was the one who drove the car here...
and who left the woman in the driver's seat.
Ah... Please wait a moment.
Everything I have done has been...
to try to get my girlfriend out of the car as soon as possible.
It's totally offensive to me that you would interpret my actions that way.
Besides, you have no evidence to prove it either.
Proof?
There is one very specific piece of evidence.
Inside the ashtray of this car.
You remember that the cigarette lighter from your car
was inside your handbag, right?
She didn't even keep it to prevent Mr. Misumi from smoking,
but also to keep something where he wouldn't see her
until she got out of the car.

That is, the farewell message she had left in the ashtray!
Let's see...
"I guess the reason you want to take me to that place?
"Is to get back to being what we were all those years ago,
"But this can no longer be, because I've changed."
"Forgive me... Ami."
This means that she was the one who had changed...
And that you, without a doubt,
was the one who brought you to the place where you met for the first time.
If the person who really wrote the letter is the victim,
it will serve as evidence.
Wait a minute!
This is a trap!
It's a trap by Ami!
He committed suicide by making it look like I murdered him!
Just by imagining that I would use the knife
to cut the adhesive tape,
he must have put it in the glove compartment beforehand because I found it.
And as for the letter, he could have written it to shut me down!
The message is not the proof.
The proof in question is the book sleeve with the note written on it.
As you can see, the note is in a paper sleeve....
the kind they give you in bookstores when you buy a book.
The sleeve was the one they used to cover the novel that they had put on sale today
they had put on sale today that they had found in her purse.
"No fingerprints were found in the book.
"Because you have taken good care to wipe them off..."
"I'm talking about the fingerprints left in the book...
"When you bought it on your way here..."
However, it seems that you forgot to clean some prints.
That is to say, the ones on the cover of the book in which she wrote the note....
which she herself had hidden in the ashtray.
Now I have a question in my mind...
If this morning he woke up
and discovered that she had driven off in her car,
how come there are her fingerprints on the cover of the book
that went on sale today and that was inside the car?
But what makes you think that the book jacket is really the book jacket
is really the book cover that was in your bag?
Even if it is a very subtle difference,
the thickness of a book, whether it's a first or a second edition,
always varies.
And therefore, an exactly matching dust jacket is very rare.
What do you want, that we go together to the bookstore that is stated on the cover?
I am convinced that they will testify to this:
That the person who has bought the novel this morning
with bloodshot eyes is you.
With bloodshot eyes?
You're wrong, half to half..., Mr. Detective.
He probably did make a sad, miserable face,
because I could see it coming
that that would be the last wish of the woman who loved me.
Does this mean that I had bought that novel
because she had asked you to?
Yes, just as you expect,
you will find my fingerprints on the book jacket,
because whatever she asked me to do, I did.
Yes, I always granted her...
each and every wish she asked me for.
If she told me she wanted to go on a trip,
I would ask for a party at work and I would take it with me.
If he told me he wanted to go to a concert that everyone was talking about, I'd stand in line all night to have a concert,
I'd stand in line all night to get a front row ticket for her.
And the same goes for this car.
She said he wanted to drive,
so I bought it even though I had to take out a loan.
Yes, I felt like I was her prince.
But in the end I realized I had made a mistake.
She didn't think of me as a prince,
for her I was just a servant...
What do you mean, a servant?
I found a cigarette butt
of a brand of tobacco that I don't smoke inside the car.
And yet she wouldn't let me smoke a single cigarette when I was with her.
Don't... don't tell me she was giving you the jump?
Yes... And when I pressed her for an answer, she confessed it.
She said that she went for rides with that man in the car very often.
She said it with a laugh, as if she didn't give a damn.
I felt like an asshole
when I thought I was paying off a car loan for a guy I didn't even know.
for a guy I didn't even know.
And that's why he committed this horrible crime?
Yes... But, investigator, you must believe me!
I really loved her!
I came back to this place not only because of the set-up!
I also did it because I was truly sorry for what I had done,
and I wished with all my heart that she was alive.
I didn't want it to happen!

You must believe me!
That's why I broke the windshield glass with all my strength!
with all my might!
Enough talk, please.
I have no idea what happened between you,
but the only thing... that is clear
is that the love that existed between you had completely faded.
What did he say?
If he had truly wanted to save her,
"Instinctively I would have opted for a more prudent solution,
such as smashing the rear window
or the glass of the passenger seat.
"Breaking the windshield on the driver's seat side,
"could have resulted in serious injury.
"If the shattering of the glass fell on him."
You don't need to keep pretending.
At that point you already knew that she was dead
and you wanted to destroy everything, didn't you?
Also the memories of the time
you had spent with her inside this car!
(Police: sirens)
(Yamamura) Wonderful!
I expected nothing less from the Sleeping Kogoro!
A legendary deduction that has echoed throughout the mountains!
Now I'll go back to the police station and watch the video right away!
Do as you please...
(Think) "Coi, I don't remember anything at all."
"Back in your arms?"
What ?!
Only the first part has been recorded.
No!
I get it!
As I filmed the deductions
using the pause to save tape...
"You forgot to deactivate the pause, huh?"
Mr. Mouri!
Do you want us to come back for another take?
Are you stupid or what?
But you have to admit
that he solved this case thanks to you, Eisuke.
Like you said about the band-aid, when you cut your finger,
Conan noticed that there was something weird
in the adhesive tape on the car
and immediately went to show it to his father.
Yes, more or... less...
You've outdone her in her specialty!
Eh? Her specialty?
This is Conan's specialty!
He starts talking about something that has nothing to do with the case,
but suddenly, it turns out that's the key to solving it.
"Oh. It can't be!"
Yes..., is this true?
"Don't tell me that..."
"Don't tell me he..."
Well, if you want to see the Sleeping Kogoro again,
you're welcome to come home anytime.
Oh!
Really?
Viscaaaa!
Ah!
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay!
"No, it's impossible."
"A party with girls?"
The atmosphere has become a little cloudy, hasn't it?
This has become very funny.
Excuse me, is that your little brother?
"And if the suspect doesn't find what he's looking for,
"Surely the next action he will take will be...
"...to commit kidnapping."
And the next Conan:
"The Love Story.
"From the investigators of Metropolitan Central 7, (part 1)"
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

