Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
Here are the most famous episodes.
A chance meeting at a party.
The love of detectives suffers a breakdown and a hard brake.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!

Are you serious?
You can't come?
What a pity.
(Eri) "Forgive me, child,
"But today I received some last minute work that I can't leave."
Yes.
When there is work, you know...
Oh, I forgot!
Tell her not to drink too much, okay?
If he gets really drunk
and chases any young girl he can get his hands on,
I'm not going to defend him.
"All right, I'll tell him. I'll see you around, Mother."
(Sighs)
What are these sighs?
Now we can enjoy a great dinner!
Is that...
Ran, you had invited your mother to come, maybe?
Eh... Well, yes....
Ah.
I could smell it, that!
When you said that a very fancy cafe had recently opened up
and that you wanted to go,
I already imagined that you were taking some on your head...
What a move! (Think) "Rotten lie."
"If you have come by the hand,
"Because you said that besides being good, it was cheap."
It's just that it had cost me a lot to get the reservation.
Let's see, the place is not bad,
but I'm sure it's full of young people
who stay here to celebrate things.
Eh?
Mr. Mouri, is that you?
-Oh! -Hello!
Inspector Chiba!
Oh!
Inspector Takagi has come too!
What's the meaning of this?
Two men are coming to a restaurant to have dinner together?
No, you're wrong!
We're coming to a party!
We're going to see some girls!
(He thinks) "No, my God! You're a fool!"
A party with girls?
And Inspector Sato knows about this?
-Eh... -It's not that.
I'm only here because otherwise they'd be left without a partner.
It was Inspector Chiba, who dragged me here.
-Isn't that right? -Yes... -Yes...
"Man, it's true, though,
"If you say it this way, it seems like you're lying."
(Flow) Please don't say any of this to the Sato.
THE LOVE STORY
THE INVESTIGATORS OF METROPOLITAN CENTRAL 7, (PART 1)
(Girl) Au, we toast again!
Cheers!
Hello, Chiba, you're late!
It's been a while since the girls arrived and we've already started the party.
Excuse me, kid.
Let me introduce you.
His name is Emoto.
He's a friend from my high school days
and the promoter of this meeting.
Pleased to meet you... And who is this gentleman?
This is detective Mouri!
We met by chance.
Yes, you look familiar!
You're the Sleeping Kogoro, right?
Hello...
And this, say, say, that's your friend over there?
Yes, we are co-workers.
Hello, nice to meet you, my name is Takagi.
Ah... He doesn't have a very good plant, but better that than nothing.
Ah, the Emoto has a viperine tongue, but deep down he's a piece of bread.
And I believe it...
Chiba, wow, you're in luck today, eh?
Among the girls who came today...
there are two of them who are really good.
Oh, really?
Ah, really?
I'm happy for you.
Is one of them your older sister...
who was coming tonight?
No.
I've been told that one of them
is a lifelong friend of my older sister's...
and the other one is my sister's friend's best friend.
They work in something to do with the police force.
(At the same time) The police... force?
Come to think of it,
you always told us you wanted to be a police inspector.
What happened to all that?
I told you!
I'm a police inspector.
Well... Does this mean that that nincompoop is also a policeman?
Yes, exactly. He-he-he-he-he-he...
Then maybe you've seen

those two cops in the miniskirt,
on occasion.
Miniskirt?
Are you sure they work in the police?
(Takagi) Man, that's not like TV.
(Drunk) What's wrong with that?
When we're on duty we can't wear flashy clothes!
(Takagi) -Yu... Yumi! -Yu... Yumi!
Well, if it isn't Takagi and Chiba!
What are you doing here?
What a blunder, did you two know each other?
-That means... -...that other girl is...
No, my God!
Hey, Yumi!
Hurry up and come back with me right away,
I can't handle those kids alone.
Hey, Sato, why did you come to the party, if I may ask?
Takagi?
And you too, Chiba?
What are you guys doing here?
The mood's gotten a bit cloudy, hasn't it?
It's gotten really fun.
(Think) "Mr. Kogoro, don't overdo it."
(Sato) And in a moment of carelessness of the suspect, who was coming towards me...
...it gave him a dislocation, so...
Blow!
Please let me be the next suspect!
Inspector Sato is amazing;
she's the center of all men's attention.
How handsome you are...
"The problem, rather, is that man."
And you also solved the setup the other day, didn't you?
Tell us about it!
Tell us about it!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It was so easy that I've already forgotten it!
Please don't be mean.
(Women: laugh)
I think you should go home now.
How could you even think of leaving, sis?
You, who don't have much free time, take advantage of the party.
But I'm worried about Kouta, he's home alone now.
Excuse me, is he your little brother?
No, he's my cousin.
He'll soon be 5 years old.
"His parents are away on a business trip.
"And now he's home."
He must be fine.
You've also made dinner for him at Kouta's, haven't you?
Let's enjoy ourselves while we're at it!
It's just that I also have some work to do.
It's okay.
Let's forget about work for today.
If we don't rest once in a while, the body takes its toll.
Yes...
Mm?
Oh, I'm sorry!
Inspector Takagi! Oh, I'm sorry!
Don't worry... Look, I'll go home.
Besides, strange things have been happening lately.
Strange things?
Yes, you mean about Kouta...
and the letter from a Yaiba the Masked's fighting game.
(Takagi) The letter from a game?
Yes, one day he brought his friends home...
and showed them his card.
He told them that it was a letter very difficult to find...
that he had never seen before.
"And also that a very kind man had given it to him."
"It seems that a man with a beard and bangs that covered his face...
"He dropped the wallet right in front of Kouta."
"The boy handed it back to him
"And the man gave him the letter as a sign of thanks."
In addition, the man took Kouta home,
put him a piece of cake and asked him a lot of questions...
Yes, he kept asking him questions.
What kind of questions did he ask him?
"According to Kouta, that man is a fortune teller....
"And he kept asking him
"About the layout of the rooms in our house."
"For example, the position of the bed...
"Or what kind of things were in the hall..,
"as well as the birthdays of my little brother and me."
"She also asked him where we left the letters we received."
(Takagi) "The letters?"
"Yes. I leave my mail to a box inside the cupboard."
"But when in Kouta replied to him.
"That my brother leaves his on top of his table,
"the man told him that that was a good place to keep them...
"And that it would be good if he never left them anywhere else."
Now, tell me,
do you have anything of great value stored with your letters?
Not that I know of, no.
And I don't think so either.
On top of that, you can see that the man is also a friend of mine.
Unbelievable.
Friend, you say?
Maybe he's planning to do something...
to surprise me on my birthday.
Why does he know he's a friend of yours?
"(Ring)"
(Emoto) "When in Kouta was eating the cake,
"The man received a call."
"The phone had an answering machine installed,
"Because at that time he was in the washroom...

"And in Kouta says that the voice that was recorded was mine."
So, it occurs to you what it might be?
I don't know, because I've been calling friends straight and crooked...
to get them together for this party.
But I'm sure it's one of them.
As soon as I heard the message,
"He told Kouta to hurry home."
The man must have panicked...
to think that he might find out it was him.
What did he say to his message, if I may ask?
Well, nothing important.
That we'd be having a party with my older sister and her friends
Saturday next week, not the other one.
What did you say?!
So this man knows that today the boy will be home alone?
Call him right away.
I've tried to call several times, but nobody picks up.
That's why I wanted to come home.
Yes!
We have no choice but to go and check.
Yumi!
This one's out.
Come on, Chiba! Father!
-What do you want? -Aaah...
Kouta!
Kouta!
You are exaggerating.
The house was very closed.
Besides, all that man did was ask about anniversaries.
Wasn't he?
He must be a feng-shui fortune teller or something.
There are still a lot of people who use the date of their birthday
as the secret number of their safe, so they don't forget.
And if he already knew the internal layout of the apartment beforehand,
it would be easier to find the safe.
Or perhaps he will have used the letters in the mail
to find out what the secret numbers are to unlock it.
"And if the suspect doesn't find what he's looking for,
"Surely the next action he will take will be..."
- (sister) Inspector! - (Emoto) Come, please!
(Emoto) Look at this!
-That's... -That's...
"A kidnapping."
"I've got his cousin! If you tell the police I'll kill him!"
But you guys are cops, right?
This is true.
Well, I guess we've saved ourselves the trouble.
-Anyway, I'll call for backup from headquarters.
Don't do that!
The suspect has come and taken Kouta away.
Although it could be close by checking the course of events.
If a wave of police, in addition to those that we are, arrive here,
we'll find out what's going on!
Do not use the cell phone, it is easy to intercept the signal!
We will be able to call the police
when we have checked if he has left any microphone...
-Don't you even know that? -Excuse me, please.
-Sorry, was I too harsh? -Uh... No.
Let's see, the kidnapper is supposed to...
met with Kouta and that he's a friend of this gentleman, right?
Ah, yes.
Then, if you explain the details of the case to Mr. Kogoro,
he'll surely be able to find out who the kidnapper is.
Well, I suppose so...
If I remember correctly, it was a Saturday two weeks ago.
-Wasn't it, sister? -Yes.
That day in Kouta was playing away from home
and he came home shortly after 8 p.m.
-At 8 p.m.? -That's pretty late.
"Yes, I was so worried...
"I even thought of calling the police."
"(Doorbell)"
"But he came back very happy and apologized to me."
"He said he'd never do it again.
"And to please not to tell his parents."
"That's why he didn't scold him much."
"But he had no idea that he had encountered a dangerous person."
(Emoto) "He probably dropped his wallet on purpose.
"Because in Kouta he picked it up and returned it."
"And then he carried in Kouta at home."
"At that time I left my message on his answering machine,
in which I said to him that we would make a party
and that we would invite my sister and her friends.
I get it.
Yes, of course.
There is no doubt that this kidnapping was committed by a friend of Masashi's.
He probably asked him, at Kouta,
about the layout of the rooms and the furniture
because he was expecting him to arrive tonight to break in and rob the house
when neither of them was home.
Emoto, who has a safe at home?
We don't have luxuries like this.
We are in the habit of carrying our notebook and credit cards with us when we go out, so we don't leave
when we go out, so we don't leave anything worth stealing, right?
Yes.
That is, the kidnapper has entered the house,

but found nothing of value to steal...
and so he has taken in Kouta.
Tell me, of all the friends you invited to the party,
do you know which ones couldn't come?
Yes, there are 3 people.
"The first one is in Rokudo, a childhood friend."
"The second is a high school classmate named Hikiya."
"And the third is Mr. Satsuki, who runs the gym where I work."
None of the 3 are bad people.... They wouldn't kidnap anyone.
(Sato) Do you remember what time you are going to call these 3 people?
"I called en Rokudo shortly after mid-afternoon,
"To en Hikiya, at sunset...
"And to en Satsuki I'm going to talk when it was already dark."
"At about 7 o'clock in the evening."
To all of them he called during the time en Kouta was away from home,
that is, before 8 o'clock in the evening.
"(Ding-dong)"
(Sato) "But there's something that doesn't quite convince me."
"If the kidnapper prepared everything in detail,
he should have it very clear that he wanted to steal a valuable object.
-If he wanted to kidnap Kouta, he would have done it two weeks ago,
he would have done it 2 weeks ago.
That man was worried about his mail.
Have you received any letters or any kind of important documents?
Not that I know of.
As far as I know, no.
The postcards!
Surely it was the New Year's postcard with a special prize!
I seem to remember that this year they were raffling a trip to Hawaii.
If you had it in a ticket store, I'm sure you could get a great deal,
I'm sure she could get a great deal.
I'm sure you took note of the zip codes
and the names of the people they had sent the postcards to and....
These are the New Year's postcards we received from these 3 friends.
And none of them have a prize.
Look.
None of them have?
Are you sure?
Yes.
I checked all the New Year's Eve postcards we received.
Exactly, exactly!
Because unlike me, my sister loves lotteries.
What a nerve!
You collect playing cards for a living.
It's not like you're a little kid. (Think) "She collects cards?"
As in Kouta,
I also collected Yaiba the Masked's game cards...
Since I was a kid and I still do, yes, still.
"Right. That's why the kid knew he had a hard-to-find card."
Well, if my friends are suspected,
why don't we go home together right now?
All 3 must surely be at home,
because they said they had to do something at home today.
-D'acord: All right.
We know what exactly we're looking for, so hands on.
But what if they find out you're cops?
We'll pretend we're stopping for a moment after we get back from the party.
We won't tell them we've already stopped by the house.
And if the culprit makes any false moves, we'll catch her right then and there.
If the person is not at home, this means they are the culprit.
I am convinced that Detective Mouri's face is familiar,
so I beg you to wait here with Aya and Ran
until the kidnapper calls.
Of course.
And Conan?
Yes.
Him, I'm taking her with me.
This kid notices a lot of details
and maybe it'll help us get the kidnapper to let his guard down.
We've found it, this is it.
Apartment 203.
Is this the first time you've been here?
Yes, I've never visited her home before.
(Ding-dong)
- (intercom: man) "Who's there?" - It's me, Emoto.
I wanted to stop by and say hello while I was returning from the party.
Can I talk to you for a moment?
-But, man, at this hour? -Forgive me, boy...
It's just that I told some friends at the party about you...
And they wanted to see me?
What for?
Ah.
It's just that we also play on the side!
Eh?
But your lyrics don't fit with the melodies I compose.
He-he-he-he-he...
Yes... I'd like to hear your songs.
Ah, this is Conan... Nice to meet you!
-Ah... What's your son? -He's... he's my little brother!

Hey, man, they're cool.
Aren't they?
That's it.
What are you doing with all this lottery?
It's the lottery tickets I sent him home.
You should check to see if you guys won anything.
No need to, I'd bet anything that none of them got anything.
If you have enough money to buy that many lottery tickets,

you should look for an apartment where you would be more comfortable.
Inside that mailbox you have overflowing,
maybe you'll find an ad with a good place.
Ah, yes...
(Sato) Blow!
Take a look at this!
(Think) "Mmmm! It's so close to Chiba's room."
How cool!
I've always wanted to learn how to model figures!
How excited I am!
I'm so flattered
that a beautiful character like you speaks so highly of me!
"Hey, that's a person."
Maybe I really should have gone to the party.
-That's why I insisted you go.
By the way, how did it go with the limited edition cards...
of the Masked Yaiba collection that I sent you?
You know, the ones you asked me to buy for you.
"Ah, the 7 cards there were worthless, really."
-And your? -Also bad.
The super-rare platinum Potato Queen card...
wasn't in my box either.
Let's see, what is this limited collection?
"It's a one-day-only collection."
"You can only buy 2 boxes per head."
"Rumor has it that among the 7 cards it contains...
"There is a super-rare card that is no longer for sale."
If it were to be put up for auction, the price would rise to over 800,000 yen.
(At the same time) 8... 800,000 yen?
Hikiya, my friend, it's good that you like cards and figures,
but I recommend that from time to time
go for some flesh and blood girls.
Blow!
It's amazing, really!
I have always loved numismatics!
I'm super excited!
"Here's your duster showing."
Oh, does this mean you also have some bills like these?
Just worthless stuff...
Some 10,000 yen banknotes with Prince Shotoku
with the serial number ending in 3-8-5,
which is sort of a homonym for my name.
Even if it is not too valuable,
keep it fondly and never get rid of it.
I will.
If we're talking about valuable pieces, here's this.
Oh!
This is fantastic!
All the figures in the serial number are identical!
If you kept buying all these rare bills.
even though you were going into debt,
no wonder your wife left home.
Sorry about the other time.
I sent you the 30,000 yen
I borrowed from you with the documents.
-Did you get it? -Yes, I did.
Come on, man, have some healthy food and go to your gym again, will you?
I find you're down to your bones.
Yes, yes, I will.
See?
None of them looked like the kidnapper.
-Well, none of them was a man with a beard and long bangs... -Well, none of them were men with beards and long bangs...
-I'm sure the man disguised himself
because Kouta didn't recognize him.
Apa, but you still suspect them?
In Kouta was not in the apartment of any of the 3, right?
Maybe the voice of the man on the answering machine
was just a stranger like me!
(Mobile)
Ah, it's my sister.
Don't tell me the kidnapper has contacted her?
Give me the phone!
Hello, but what happened?
Although we have nothing...
But... I keep thinking about one of the things you told me about Kouta.
What is it?
What is it?
Is it about the kidnapper's appearance?
No, just that when he was eating the cake at that person's house,
they were broadcasting a baseball game for TV and...
It was a superavorrit game.
A superavorrit game?
The baseball games being played this season?
are either interinstitutional leagues or professional openers.
Very well.
We'll have police inspectors watch everyone's house 3
while we check to see what baseball games were played that day.
-Maybe we'll have it agafarem. -Wait a minute!
Maybe having the inspectors watch them is a prank!
Maybe it's a joke they wanted to play on us and quite a lot!
In Kouta could return home at any time.
How can you be so unrealistic?
They have kidnapped a child, do you hear me?
It's a kidnapping!
This is anything but a joke!
Well, I guess... you're right.
Kouta?
What happened to your socks?
You look like you're wearing springs.
No way!
"I don't understand, what boring game was Kouta supposed to talk about?"
(Sato) Inspector, we have already found out who the kidnapper is!

I would like to stop it even though it is out of service.
Ah!
Takagi!
And the next Conan:
"The Love Story
The Investigators of Metropolitan Headquarters 7, (part 2)"
("Kanashii hodos Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)
Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

