Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
In the midst of the investigation to find a solution,
the case and the love story take an unexpected turn.
Takagi, you'll finally be able to put her in your pocket?
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!

"We met by chance with inspectors Takagi and Chiba,
"who had come to a party."
"However, in the middle of the party, they kidnapped in Kouta,
"the cousin of one of the guests!"
"And the kidnapper demanded one million yen!"
THE LOVE STORY
THE INVESTIGATORS OF METROPOLITAN CENTRAL 7, (PART 2)
Mmmm... The kidnapper demands a ransom of one million yen?
I find that is very little considering the seriousness of the crime.
(Sato) "Yes."
(Sato) "It seems that the kidnapper is Masashi's friend.
"And surely he thought this was all he could get away with."
Okay, Sato!
I'll send the investigators to watch everyone's house 3.
(Sato) In Kouta saw that baseball telecast
on March 26.
The games that are held at this time are either
either interinstitut league games
or the opening games of the professional league.
If we find out which game it was, since he called it boring,
we'll find out who the kidnapper is by looking at the time of the broadcast.
-Yes, we understand.
Let's talk ne.-Sato, I got it!
That day there was no opening game
of the professional baseball league,
but there were 3 high school league games.
So which game was it supposed to be?
The score of the first game was 7 to 6.
This one was very exciting with a back and forth battle between the two teams
teams were making tackles all the time.
In overtime it went to 12 tackles.
And it lasted from 10 o'clock until 2 o'clock in the afternoon.
-What can I say about a game like that?
I don't think it was boring.
The second game started at half past five of 5.
The score was 14 to 5.
One of the teams did not stop making tackles
and won in a fabulous game.
Depending on how, it could be boring.
Here only one team was scoring.
A player from the losing team caught the eye of the professional observers.
a player from the losing team.
He came out to christen and touched the ball 6 times
and completed 2 runs with man-runs.
-What do you know, the last one?
It was a pitcher's duel with a final score of 1-2.
Both teams were saved from the abyss right at the last moment.
Then, at the end of the ninth inning, everything was decided.
The game ended at exactly 7 o'clock.
This game also looks like it was quite interesting.
Excuse me, maybe I was watching a baseball game?
on a program that was on at the same time!
Some cable TV or satellite broadcast.
Oh, that's right.
Between 12:00 and 1:00 there was a game on a satellite channel.
It was some sort of recap of a United States League game.
From 3 to 5 they did "The Falcons' Road to Victory".
A rerun of a Nichiuri TV Year special.
And on cable, from 6 to 7 p.m., they did a special program
dedicated to the Jaguars player Kiyomatsu.
There's no way the selection of the big games was boring.
And I would put my hand on the fire that "The Road to Victory" was made
in a way that would be interesting.
So, it could be the program dedicated to the player Kiyomatsu.
Ah, the mother was watching that program.
She told me that it showed all the man-runs she had done in Kiyomatsu
since his baseball debut and that it was a really good program.
All we have left is a videotape!

The only thing you can think of is that they were watching a game
that the kidnapper had on video.
I don't think so.
In Kouta told me that he himself turned on the television
with the remote control.
(Kogoro) "So, the hijacker maybe sensed what he would do in Kouta....
"And he prepared a tape of a baseball game...
"Completely different from the video to hide what time it was."
Don't be silly!
In Kouta he was the one using the remote control.
He would find out about this tape sooner or later, for sure.
Yes, yes, it's true...
Hey, are you absolutely sure that Kouta didn't tell you...
what time he arrived at that man's house?
No, it seems that the man was very insistent that he didn't tell anyone.
In fact, we barely got...
to explain to us that he had given him that letter
and that the man had taken him to his house.
But if the letter he gave him was a rarity from Yaiba the Masked...
wouldn't the most suspicious thing be Hikiya?
The boy who collects figurines?
No.
It may be rare, but any hobbyist can buy...
for 3,000 yen in stores.
And an adult would have no problem buying it.
It doesn't even compare
to the very rare card they're selling for 800,000 yen.
Come to think of it,
Mr. Hikiya said he had sent you a set of cards.
Evidently, this rare card could be inside....
I've said it before!
It wasn't!
Speaking of limited edition cards,
it seems that Mr. Satsuki sent you 30,000 yen by mail.
Was there any bill
that had all the figures of the serial number identical inside?
I don't know.
I don't bother to look at what serial number the bills have.
And the same goes for
about the lottery tickets that Rokudo sent me.
These things don't interest me.
Of course, it could be a movie!
It could be a movie!
Maybe there was a baseball game in the scene of a movie
or in a TV series.
That's true.
Can you look at the time slot?
Yes.
The movies and TV series of the day were...
They were all love stories.
"Making the leap is great."
"Festive gatherings of the nobles," "In love like cat and dog."
"We've broken up, spring has been too short."
Well, that's what they aired that day.
I only went for the food, I assure you.
Eh?
I didn't know it was a party with boys.
Not like other...
No, woman, I didn't...
Let's see, what are you doing with those clothes?
What did you want, to show off to the girls?
Hey, Sato, what do you have to tell me?
And that makeup you're wearing, eh?
Hey, I didn't want to!
Yumi forced me to wear makeup!
The same thing happened to me!
In Chiba she dragged me.
-But I think that now, this is so much ES. -Yes, of course.
It doesn't matter now.
(Think) "Hello! Tell me what to do, please?"
(Mobile: pip-pip)
(Sato) "Yes?"
This is Inspector Megre.
How do you have it here?
Well...
We didn't just find out what was the boring game they were doing that day.
Please, guys, we've got agents watching everyone's house 3...
ready to intervene at a moment's notice.
The longer this goes on, the more danger the boy's life will be in.
(Child) I'm home!
Kouta?
You haven't had a bad drink?
Are you all right?
Hm.
I'm fine.
I was taking a ride
with the car of the man I met,
and I got sleepy and fell asleep.
And where does he live?
How is his house?
Please tell us!
Who is this lady?
-She's from the POLICE. Kouta, please tell me.
But... I promised that man that I wouldn't tell anyone.
That man is a bad person who has kidnapped you.
-Please, you have to tell me! -But...
Ha-ha-ha... So much is now, if he finally came back home safe and sound.
One of our friends must have wanted to play a joke on us.
Although I think it's in very bad taste all this.
This is far from being a joke!
"Hey, what's going on? What's the matter?"
"Ah, the boy we thought... was kidnapped has come home now."
What?
Don't tell me he's handed over the million yen?
No, the kidnapper hasn't contacted us yet,

and Masashi hasn't thought of paying the ransom either.
Kouta, it's already late.
We'll talk tomorrow, okay?
It's time to go to sleep.
Go, go, go.
Yes.
(Takagi) Kouta.
What happened to your socks?
It looks like you're wearing springs.
Oh, that?
I've remembered that Masashi told me
never ever to accept anything from a stranger.
"So, after I said goodbye to the bearded gentleman,
"I went to return the letter to him."
But the gentleman was not at home
and a stranger I had never seen before was in the washroom.
(He thinks) "A stranger, in the washroom?"
Well, we'll let the police take care of the rest,
and we'll...
Oh, they're doing the sports news now.
They'll show the results of the World Cup preliminaries.
Excuse me, can we watch TV?
Yes, be quiet.
(TV: man) "Well, there has been a goalless draw and an extra time,
"But anyway it has been a good match!"
Zero to zero?
What a blowout!
They must have played a pretty good game despite playing away from home....
(He thinks) "No goals..., a draw.... Right, that's why in Kouta..."
"So he was the hijacker."
(Emoto) Let's see, I've been telling you for a long time.
This must be a stupid joke from a friend of mine.
Surely he wanted to make me white as a sheet
by taking Kouta with him.
I mean, in Kouta he's already back home with us, right?
But, listen, in addition to asking for a million yen,
the kidnapper has written that message
saying that if we called the police he would kill in Kouta.
It is clear that this is blackmail
and we can't just ignore it as if it were a joke!
Besides, his voice was...
the one that felt like the suspect's answering machine!
In other words, we have limited the number of suspects...
"To the 3 men that you had called,
"So we can't turn a blind eye."
Please, Kouta.
Let's go to those 3 gentlemen's house.
Even if the kidnapper was in disguise,
if you went inside, you'd know if it's home or not, right?
Yes, but, but, but...
Hey, hey, hey!
I told you that's enough!
Don't tell me that when you went to the house of one of your 3 friends,
you delivered the ransom on the sly!
If I had delivered the ransom,
the police officers would have noticed a long time ago.
But the kidnapper must have gained something!
There must have been something valuable
among the items you received in the mail and you gave it back to him.
Let's see, I've told you that before!
Come on, what a thing!
What does this do, the Aya's mail?
Hey, what are you looking at?
Conan, what are you looking at?
A friend of mine who works as an illustrator must have sent it to me
to take my number.
Conan, these things are not done!
But, listen, Ran, I was just saying that I had to click on the message.
If I had known what was inside before I opened it, I wouldn't have done it.
You fool!
The content of the mail is the least of it!
-You don't open people's mail! -Wait!
The kidnapper had entered the house
taking advantage of the fact that both Masashi and Aya would not be at home
and tried to steal something, right?
"This means that at Hikiya,
"The person who has sent the letters from in Yaiba, is clean."
"It is unthinkable that he would carry out such a crime as this.
"For an envelope he doesn't even know the contents of."
And as for the lottery tickets that en Rokudo sent you,
if the winning ticket had a number
that came after the ones you have,
he could know if the winning ticket was the envelope he had sent or not.
Yes, very good, and the same goes for Mr. Satsuki.
If he had lost a rare ticket he had bought,
it wouldn't be strange for him to think that maybe he had sent it to Masashi.
Speaking of sending things,
the other day Mr. Kogoro also received a bottle
wrapped in shiny paper.
Ah, a bottle of champagne!
A customer sent it to him as a thank you for solving a case.
Is it fruit juice?
I want to try it too!
It's an alcoholic beverage.
Children can't drink...
Besides, the father already drank it, you know?
What?
Then nothing can be done.
That's right.
If it's alcohol, only from receiving it,

Mr. Kogoro opens it right away and, pulls it in.
If he had sent the money
using the registered mail for cash deliveries, he would have opened it and put it in the wallet,
he would have opened it and put it in the wallet.
So, in Masashi would have had these rare bills in the wallet.
So, it came... at home it wouldn't have done him any good, would it?
Therefore, the most suspicious person is in Rokudo,
"Who sent him the lottery tickets."
It's impossible, impossible!
Because I am not interested in lottery tickets at all.
-I would throw them away and prou.-I wouldn't say so much.
It could also be that you would leave them on your desk
without even opening the envelope.
Yes, I know that.
"Since they don't interest you,
"it probably wouldn't make you either hot or cold to lose them."
"And, surely, you wouldn't notice if they were stolen either."
Don't post so much!
Aren't you forgetting something?
And the boring baseball game that in Kouta saw at his house?
"I called in Rokudo that day shortly after mid-afternoon."
"And the games they were doing at that time were two:
"A very exciting interinstitut league match.
"In which they kept on making runs...."
"And a program called 'Big Match Selection'."
Hey, Kouta, you told us it was boring, right?
Well yes, it wasn't fun at all.
You see ? it's impossible for Rokudo to be the kidnapper.
But... in the "Big Match Selection" program...
it says it was a "safe match".
If it was that safe, maybe it wasn't fun, but boring.
Strain piece!
Those characters don't mean "safe", they mean "complete"!
In other words, it was a perfect match in which the pitcher?
didn't let any of the opposing team's batters not make any bases.
It's an unbeatable game.
Eh ?!
Don't tell me that...?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
It's true that a perfect game is exciting,
but to a kid who doesn't know much about baseball, it can be boring.
"What's more, if the broadcast was only an hour long," he said,
"Most of the offensive plays of the pitcher's team
"They probably cut them out,
"and the ones they showed were the other team's hitters losing."
"So I can understand why he found it boring."
Kouta, this is what happened, right?
They would strike them all out.
They'd hit the ball, but it was always the same thing.
So, I guess in Rokudo it's the kidnapper.
Wait, even if he was the kidnapper in Rokudo,
we're only talking about a kidnapping attempt, right?
He hasn't received any money from me.
And since it looks like he was really short of money,
maybe he did this on impulse.
You knew, didn't you...,
that there was a winning lottery ticket in there?
Since you knew he needed money,
you put the winning ticket inside the same envelope where he sent it to you.
"But he, who was unaware of this fact, has come to your house,
"He had a panic attack when he saw that the envelope was missing.
"And he kidnapped Kouta."
Then, as you suspected that Rokudo was the main suspect...
considering the circumstances, you suggested we go home.
"And when you saw his mailbox full, you said to him:
"Inside that mailbox you've got overflowing,
"Maybe you'll find a brochure with a good place."
It went like this?
Am I wrong about anything?
Yes, exactly.
Just as you explained it.
Now, so much for that!
After all,
he bought the lottery tickets in the beginning.
Besides, he's the only one who's still in this music thing,
and he's never wanted to give up.
"Once upon a time, that was our dream."
"We all gave it up so we had a hard time, but he kept going."
So please don't hold it against him, please!
Well, no.
Kidnapping is considered a very serious crime
that is equated to murder.
I cannot forgive him.
Especially if he did it for money!
I understand that his actions will bring him disgrace,
but I will never side with...
those who want to make their dreams come true
at the cost of hurting the feelings of others.
I guess...
He's... he's a jerk...
Takagi!
We're going to Rokudo's house right now!

What a mug, what is he doing at a time like this?
Inspector, we've already found out who the kidnapper is!
It's Takuji Rokudo, Masashi's childhood friend!
We run the risk of him running away.
If he refuses to come voluntarily,
I'd like to arrest him even though he's off duty.
"No, you won't be able to do it!"
"Just a moment ago, he came running,
"His face was as white as paper and he came into your house."
But, but who?
Ah!
Hello, Sato! Inspector?
Him, I was telling you about him.
Oh!
Takagi!
What are you doing with all this blood?
Man, Takagi did you get in there alone to take all the credit?
No, the blood is from Rokudo, the kidnapper.
He saved her.
En Takagi has entered the apartment and saved Mr. Rokudo's life.
"Takagi! What do you think you're doing?"
Shit!
Committing suicide?
He slit his wrists.
The ambulance has already taken him away.
It looks like we found her pretty well and they'll be able to save him.
I guess he'll turn himself in to the police voluntarily when he recovers.
But how did you know he would try to take his life?
For the socks... from in Kouta.
"I asked him why he had them sprung."
"He answered that he had returned to Rokudo's house...
"And that he had seen a stranger in the bathtub."
"In Rokudo, who had released in Kouta.
"He had taken off his disguise and was committing suicide in the bathtub."
"That en Kouta's socks were sprung,
"Means that en Kouta had entered the bathroom
"And that he had stood next to Rokudo."
"If he had been conscious at the time,
"En Rokudo would never have let the child enter."
Of course...
in Rokudo, who had found the envelope...
with those lottery tickets that had been returned to him,
has been unable to forgive himself
when he realized how serious the crime he had committed was.
But it is surprising
that he finds out that Takuji Rokudo was the kidnapper.
I figured that from all the mail that was sent to en Masashi....
the only thing that could be known if it had value
and that one could go and steal,
was obviously the lottery tickets.
So why didn't you tell me anything at all?!
I just wasn't sure if my deduction was correct,
and I thought I'd better go and check it out for myself.
Forgive me.
Well, Inspector, take care of the rest.
Sa-Sato...
Ahem, ahem...
Sato, I want you to go to headquarters to write a report.
Eh?
Yes, Inspector.
And you too, Takagi! Yes, Inspector.
We should wait here until the search warrant arrives.
Take my car.
You've been drinking alcohol?
I've only had soft drinks.
- (Takagi) Forgive me. (Sato) What did you catch?
What did you do to make me ask for forgiveness?
-(Takagi) Nothing, but I see that you're angry.
Do you think so?
If it's because of the party...
It's that much.
In Chiba I'd tell you that they were missing one person
and you couldn't say no to him.
(Sato) Although it seemed like you had certain expectations
about the girls at the party.
So you're angry about the incident that happened, aren't you?
I admit that I have done wrong to intervene on my own
without explaining myself to you, who are my superior.
But by the time I realized what I was doing,
I was already running, and my body was already in charge of me.
I'm very sorry, I'm very sorry.
Don't apologize...
You've done something much more important than stopping a person.
You've done something really wonderful.
If I'm angry, it's with myself,
because I let myself get swept up
by the will to stop the kidnapper,
without thinking for a moment about the procession the man was carrying in his heart.
It makes me a little angry that one I know has done so well.
Well, it only occurred to me....
because I buy a lot of lottery tickets myself.
The odds were as small as with the lottery.
It's surprising that two people who go out together
meet at a party where they've been invited by different people.
Ah, that's true.
And I've never won the lottery myself.... Ha-ha-ha!
So, I'm a ticket without a prize, maybe?
No!
Of course you're not!
You're the jackpot!

The special prize!
(Sato) Alert!
Look at the road!
-You really think so? -Yes, I swear on my badge!
So you want us to check... if we've won the prize?
Yes, with pleasure...
Ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem...
My friends,
I hope you haven't forgotten that we're in the car too.
(Sato) What?
Another party?
(Yumi) "Yeah, they don't have enough girls this time either."
Yumi, I'm really sorry, but I'll pass.
I had enough with the party the other day.
(Yumi) What?
That after the meal you can eat all the cakes you want?
And they invite us to everything?
Yes, I'll go!
I'll fly over there
when we've caught the thief from Shinjuku 3rd!
"Sato..."
Eh? (Kogoro)
(Kogoro) Mr. Mikami?
(Think) "What about this calendar?"
"They took off the tape once and put on another one?"
Tell me, there used to be 3 keys on the table,
but now there's only one.
(Kogoro) Getting in through the window at this point is impossible.
"Sure! I get it!"
And the next Conan: "Conan, yes you are, from strange."
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

