Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
Today we have a bet with great titles.
A message as a decisive means to understand and determine the suspect.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
- (man) Go away! -Ah!
Ah... (man)
That's too bad... But... what the hell are you doing?
Don't be so violent.
-I never want to see you again! -Master, calm down, please!
You're a wretch who hasn't stopped by the house!
And now, when you're done with moving the house,
you show up here to ask me for money?
I don't want to see you anymore, do you understand me?
Father..., don't be hasty.
If you become furious again, the pressure will rise again.
Stop it, stop it!
Shut up, shut up!
Get out of here!
Excuse me... Oh!
Mr. Mouri! Excuse me!
Eh?
Mr. Mouri!
Master!
This is the person I told you about before.
Pleased to meet you.
CONAN, YES you are, STRANGER!
(Master) It's an honor for me that you have come.
-Tingui: Thank you very much.
Master Umetsu..., I'm sorry to disturb you now that you're busy.
Takashi, I have a guest.
He's leaving right away.
We haven't finished talking yet...
Although it's not a very fortunate conversation,
I was about to threaten to make you.
Let's say I let them see me playing with dangerous drugs
and someone tells the police.
If this were to happen,
your name would be in the media
and your life would be very unfortunate...
Let's not forget that you are one of the candidates to receive a literary prize
and it would be awful to get caught, wouldn't it?
I'm just telling you that if you give me money I'll keep it a secret.
-Wouldn't that be a good idea, this? -Don't be ridiculous!
I don't care what becomes of you!
Leave right now!
Excuse me, but I don't think that threatening you...
is the best way to solve problems.
Mr. Mouri, don't take seriously what you felt.
It's obvious that these are just provocations to get money out of me.
Nano, do you want some gum?
Chewing gum helps to keep the brain active.
Thank you very much.
I'll have one!
Who is this guy?
It's Detective Kogoro Mouri... and in Conan.
I have read...
the novel "The Road to the Thirteenth Step"...
and I was deeply impressed.
I would like you to dedicate it to me to keep as a treasure.
(Takashi) Father's book, a treasure?
What if I told him that he didn't write it?
For a master to take the novel of a disciple
and publish it under his name is quite common, man.
Takashi, now you've gone too far.
It's really you who wrote it, isn't it, Araki?
-Huh? -Isn't it?
Ah... Father, I don't need money.
I'll write an article.
It'll be titled: "My father's best sellers are stolen works".
Takashi!
March!
March!
You're a bastard!
Master... Please stop...
Ah... Excuse me...
Mr. Mouri, excuse me.
We'll wait in the cafeteria in front of here.
Okay...
You can never get to know people...
I thought the writer was a man with money, prestige,
and that he wouldn't have a single worry.
(Tinkerbell: sigh)
Excuse me.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
The teacher's dedication is inside.
Thank you very much!
How is Mr. Umetsu?
I can't tell if he's very disappointed or... if he's depressed.
Although he seems to be a cheerful and open man,
he attaches a lot of importance to what others think of him.
Eh?
Isn't that Miss Araki?
Yes, she's on her way to the police station...
to collect some data that the teacher has asked her for.
It's clear that becoming a writer isn't easy at all.

Mr. Mikami..., tell me the truth.
What do you want to say?
(Flow) I ask if the author of the novel is Chika Araki.
Mr. Mouri, you too?
Have you believed Takashi's slander?
Well, no... It's not that I believed it, but...
It's a slander.
He-he-he... Eh?
Come on, your buttons are quite original.
Ah, these...?
As the book has become a big hit,
the master wanted to give it to his workers.
It has the design of the Palonese flower made in enamel.
(He thinks) "What good taste, my mother."
-Well, I have to go out. You're leaving?
Now I have to go to a meeting with a TV channel.
Well, if you'll excuse me...
Mr. Mikami is also a busy man.
These writers...
Not bad.
Eh?
You'll see, I'll become a famous writer.
It's settled!
Fantastic!
I've already bought the sheets and a pen.
Now all you need is the talent.
Yes... What's that?
Look.
Mr. Mikami?
That the teacher doesn't pick up the phone? -Exactly...
As he was depressed, he was worried... and I...
Don't mind me.
I think I'm making a mountain out of a molehill.
I can see for myself.
We'll come... with you.
Besides, I haven't thanked the master yet.
And I also want to ask him how one should prepare to become a writer.
Master!
Do I sit down, master?
Come on, man.
Eagerness!
Let's see..., the master key to apartment 503.
Maestro!
Oh!
Master!
Master!
Mr. Mouri, call an ambulance!
Call at once!
Eagerness!
No, unfortunately..., you won't have any ambulance anymore.
This must be a poison that affects the nervous system.
Mr. Mouri, there is something written.
"My life as a writer is over... Nothing makes sense."
It looks like a suicide note.
-The master has committed suicide? -That's what it looks like.
He must have put this poison in the coffee.
And then there's the note.
Besides, this apartment was closed at all costs.
Look, the window is a little open.
Don't tell me someone came in through that window?
No..., breaking in through the window...
at this altitude is quite impossible.
By the way, what is this that the master has in his hands?
Ah, that... it is a kind of scepter...
...like those carried by Shinto high priests.
My master's admirers sent me one when it was announced...
that "The Road to the Thirteenth Step"
would perhaps receive the National Prize for Literature.
A scepter and an award?
I don't understand what the relationship is.
It seems that these scepters are made of Japanese yew wood.
In Japanese,
the name of the tree sounds the same as the word "first prize."
-I understand.
He chose death, but he wanted to win the first prize.
He died mortifying himself with this idea.
Mr. Kogoro!
There's something stuck to the edge of this garbage can.
It's blood!
He has a wound on the back of his head.
Did he fall to the ground and hit his head?
In this case, the wastebasket would have fallen too, right?
He left it in place and then... No!
A person who wants to die would never do such a thing...
If someone has pushed it and this would have made it fall to the ground....
Someone pushed the master?
Mr. Mikami, what is this envelope?
It's the master's manuscripts.
He publishes them in a weekly magazine
for an essay called "My Secret".
Tell me..., there used to be... 3 keys on the board,
but now there's only one.
That's true.
Maybe Araki and Takashi have taken them away...
In this case, this apartment is no longer a closed space.
Mikami, please call Inspector Megre...
from Metropolitan Headquarters, please!
Miss Araki, your disciple and Takashi, her son?
Both were close to the victim,
therefore, there is a possibility...
that one of them put the poison on him by taking advantage of an oversight.
And, furthermore, it is quite possible that they have a key to the apartment.
There is nothing written here that would give us a clue to the murderer.
Rather, it speaks of a kind of hidden "amusement" of the writer.
Seen from the outside, it's a pile of ridiculous bets...
that don't make any sense.
"Things that anyone can see,
"but can be overlooked."

"They're just for my personal enjoyment."
In these books, did you write bets?
What kind of bets were they?
I don't know, it comes back to me too....
Master!
Master!
Wait a moment!
You can't touch the victim's body.
Excuse the rush, but do you have the key to this apartment?
Yes.
I have it here.
I'll ask you right away.
Master Umetsu's novel
entitled "The Road to the Thirteenth Step" has been a great success,
but you didn't like that very much, did you?
-What do you mean by that? -I beg you to tell us the truth.
Miss Chika Araki,
the real author... of this play wasn't you?
No... you're wrong.
I didn't write this book.
You had a big grudge against master Umetsu
because he stole your novel!
That's not true!
He wrote all the novels himself!
"Even if Miss Araki was the murderer,
"Why was the window open?"
"And this calendar?"
"Did they take the tape off and put another one back on?"
"What is this? Is it blown?"
"A thread coming from outside pulled this taut somehow?"
(Kogoro) Miss Araki, do you know what a person's posthumous message is?
Yes, I do.
Well, this scepter that the dead man has in his hand...
has the posthumous message from Mr. Umetsu, regarding his murderer.
A posthumous message to the scepter?
These scepters are made from the wood of the Japanese yew tree.
While waiting for you to arrive,
I have been consulting a dictionary for the term.
This tree, in our language, is also known as "Araragi".
Araragi?
And the name Araki and Araragi are quite identical, don't you see?
"Don't you force the machine too much?"
And why does he have the scepter held upside down?
This doesn't mean anything.
What does it mean?
The pain must have disoriented him
and simply held on tight while suffering.
It is said that also those who drown do so.
That my father has died?
Now that's lucky!
Now the royalties and his fortune will all go to me.
All you can think of to say with the dead father is "how lucky"?
Mm?
Lucky?
Lucky?
That's the key to this apartment?
Yeah, that's it.
I've taken it before when the father wouldn't look at me.
I wanted it to come in and get some money for a moment
when my father wasn't at home, but I won't need it anymore.
-Excuse me, do you mind if we take a look at it for a moment, please?
Of course I do.
I'm leaving you today because it's my lucky day.
Huh? (chuckles)
What-what is this?
Is that a drug?
What, what are you insinuating?
I don't know anything!
I haven't done anything!
I haven't murdered the old man!
Mikami, say something, please!
I... Stop, what are you doing?
It's very clear.
Mr. Takashi Umetsu,
your father's posthumous message reveals that you are the murderer.
But, sir, didn't it say it was Chika Araki?
There is another meaning that has made me think of this possibility.
And I, Kogoro Mouri, have been able to read between the lines...
and finally it became clear to me.
This scepter had another hidden message?
Yes, these scepters are made from the wood of the Japanese yew tree,
but if we take the ideogram that represents it and break it down,
we have the readings "ki" and "raku".
Inspector, you had doubts because of the scepter being upside down.
This was part of the message.
But why was it upside down?
Because he wanted us to read it in reverse order.
Raku and ki.
Raku and ki, ra kki.
Doesn't it look like "lucky"?
I mean, "lucky", the word this man always says?
It's true!
What's this all about?
No shit!
It's not true!
It wasn't me!
"The scepters are made of Japanese yew wood, prize..., 'Ichii'..."
"It could be..."
"Sure! I get it!"
"It must be nearby."
"I've found it!"
Let me be!
It wasn't me!
We would also like you to come with us
to help us with the case.
Now I have to leave
to brief the people at the publishing house and the media.
Conan, where have you been?
Oh, we're leaving too, I'm hungry.
Eh?
Aaaaah... Aaaaah...
Mr. Mouri, are you all right?

(Kogoro voice) Mr. Inspector, wait a moment.
Those two people are not suspects in the murder.
Mouri, then who did it?
Other than Mr. Umetsu,
the only ones who had a key to the apartment were these two.
Even if you didn't have a key,
a person could still get into this apartment.
For example, even Mr. Mikami could enter...
if Mr. Umetsu had opened the door for him...
Mr. Mikami...
Excuse me, I beg your pardon,
But can you tell us what you did after you said goodbye to me...
at the cafeteria in front of your teacher's apartment building?
While I was on my way to the TV station, I called him...
and he didn't pick up the phone.
Don't you think this is wrong?
"You, after you said goodbye to me," he said,
"You went to the roof of this block of apartments,
"There you left a rather long thread hanging..."
to reach that floor.
He then had Mr. Umetsu open the door for him...
and entered the apartment.
Then, he took the opportunity...
to put the poison he had prepared into the coffee.
"You wrote the suicide note on the computer."
"Then, you took inside...
"The thread that you had left hanging on the roof below."
"You have left the house, locked the door with the key,
"and climbed up to the roof with the key in his hand."
Then, thinking that they might discover the set-up,
he devised the possibility of making suspicions point to a murderer
who theoretically would have made it look like a suicide.
This was on Takashi.
That is, he was the guarantee that he would protect him?
"It is likely that the poison they found in Takashi's pocket?
"was put inside him by Mr. Mikami.
"when he and his father were fighting."
Mr. Mouri!
Enough of that color!
It's all unsubstantiated hypothesis!
You don't have any proof of that!
I've got it.
But Mr. Umetsu left a message posthumously
for us to find out.
-A new one with this? -This is the third one!
"Mr. Umetsu had the scepter held upside down."
"This he did
"Because he trusted me to decipher what he meant."
Remember that excerpt from your essay?
Seen from the outside, a bunch of ridiculous bets...
that don't quite make sense.
"Things that anyone can see,
"but can be overlooked.
"They're just for my personal enjoyment.
"And that's how I always try to write them."
Look at the bookshelf.
There's some kind of secret montage.
"The hen, the little bird and the crab," "A god?", "A wolf?",
"The Honey and the Sin," "The Bad Turn My Mother Did to Me."
All these titles,
like the words "newspaper article" in Japanese, form a palindrome,
and whether you read them one way or the other...
they mean the same thing.
In other words, he is giving us a clue.
In his works "Father, don't cry, father" and "It's useless, it's fate"....
and in many others he also uses the same pattern.
Within his novels we often find these palindromes
that Mr. Umetsu placed as secret bets for his personal enjoyment.
for his personal enjoyment.
Mr. Mouri, now you won't say my name Mikami,
that makes me the murderer, right?
That's right.
This is ridiculous.
Look, I've been watching you very carefully.
And then I noticed...
You're no longer wearing one of the enameled buttons that you had on your jacket this morning
when we were in the cafeteria.
It's the button on the side of the jacket that's covered.
Someone has ripped it off, perhaps?
Excuse me for a moment.
"You, after saying goodbye to me, have come to this floor...
"and murdered Mr. Umetsu in the manner I have already explained."
"When you were on your way to the TV station...
"To set up an alibi,
"He realized he wasn't wearing the button."
"If they found the button next to Mr. Umetsu's body,
"It would be crystal clear that you were the culprit."
"You came back in a hurry...
"and met us halfway."
Afterwards, you looked for the button, but, even now, you haven't found it.
And if you haven't found it, it means it's still here.
It's with the chewing gum.

"So that the chewing gum the victim had in his mouth was gone."
Inspector Takagi, I would like you to examine...
the things that are near the victim's body
in case you can find it, please.
-I have found it!
Chiba! Yes!
Up you go!
Inspector...
Ah... Mr. Mikami, this button here is yours.
You will admit all the facts...
I discovered that the teacher had taken from me
the novel I had written
and that he had published it under his name...
Afterwards, he told me that he would not allow me to publish anything on my own.
(Takashi) And you killed him for that?
You should have left the murdered ones
only for your novels.
Mikami, I guess you'll learn a little bit this way.
Mr. Takashi, how lucky you are.
Now all the royalties
and all your father's fortune will go to you.
Mr. Takashi, you have a great opportunity, don't you find?
Now you can talk to Inspector Megre for a long time about your threats to the victim
about your threats to the victim,
about the illegal possession of drugs.
Drug possession? No, man, I...
I think we're going to have a very long conversation, you and I...
Takagi, you have Mr. Takashi at headquarters.
(Takashi) No, you're wrong!
(Takashi) Wait!
(Takashi) Wait, please!
Mr. Kogoro, how are you doing?
Are you progressing with the novel?
Ah... I don't know how to get ahead.
I can't wait to write something that makes sense logically.
But when I get to the key scene and it's time for the denouement...
I forget absolutely everything.
"This is true..."
"Because on these kinds of occasions you just sleep like a log."
Mr. Kogoro, that's curious.
Why don't I remember anything?
Ah, I've noticed something very interesting, you know?
Listen to me, when we say "Conan, yes you are, from strange," what does that sound like to you?
"Conan, yes you are, stranger"?
That's right!
"Conan, yes you are, of stranger"!
In Japanese this is a palindrome!
Mm?
Ah!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"And now why do you say it, this?"
(Think) "It's blood."
"Mrs. Yoriko had no open wounds that could bleed."
"In this case, this blood would be from the late Mrs. Kinue?"
What did he say?
On Musashi?
(Thinks) "Takagi, I trust you."
(Thinks) "Sato, if necessary I will die for you."
There is no doubt, in Musashi has attacked Mrs. Kinue.
Let's see, and now what have you found, eh?
"It can't be!"
And the next Conan: "The feat of the Kuru!"
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

