Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
Today there is a spectacular "boom" with pets.
Even if they wag their tails at their master, they can sink their fangs into evildoers.
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Kuru'S PROEZA
Kuru, you've lost this time too.
-Musashi, once in a while you should let the girls win, you fool.
Blow!
Nice! And they carry the ball beautifully.
Yes.
Golden retrievers and Irish setters...
were originally hunting dogs
that were in charge of carrying the birds
that the hunter had shot with the shotgun.
That is why they are great experts
when it comes to searching for prey or retrieving it.
We always let them play in the garden of Mr. Tsutsumi's house,
but we learned that they had opened a play area for dogs.
Beika's park.
We came to see what it was like,
but we found it was larger than we thought,
and Kuru and Musashi were very happy.
Yes, you can see.
It is very pleasant to move in such a large space.
Excuse me, Mr. Tsutsumi,
you are the people who live in the big house in the fourth district?
Yes.
The president lives in that big house...
We met one day
we passed each other when it was time to take them out for a walk.
Then, our puppies were 5 months old.
Kuru and Musashi were already puppy friends.
Wow, really?
Puppy friends?
Wow.
I wonder where my Musashi hangs out.
(Thinks) "He-he-he.... Hey, I'm not a dog."
No!
Kuru, what are you eating?
-He's always biting blisters. The Musashi does the same thing.
If it's to eat, he eats grass and leaves and dirt and everything.
Before, when we brushed his teeth, there was mud, remember?
Eh?
Dogs also have their teeth brushed?
And so much.
After every àpat.
After every meal?
More often than Mr. Kogoro.
Kuru!
Musashi!
Au, run back!
Blow!
Ah!
What fun I had!
Next day we will also take the father in the park.
Is that ok?
But Mr. Kogoro didn't like horses?
Yes, just wood.
Horses that race...
(laugh)
Please don't make so much noise.
I'm serving a customer.
Ah... excuse me.
Listen.
And what's the name of your neighbor's dog?
His name is Musashi.
And he's an Irish setter.
Eh? Musashi...
And he says this Musashi,
every time the voice starts barking and growling?
Yes, and the thing is that a big dog.
Every time I think that one day it will attack me,
I get the shivers...
Mr. Mouri, do something.
I understand, but I don't think there's much I can do.
My husband and I moved here 3 years ago,
and the couple next door did too.
"At first,
"House and the one next door were owned by the same owner,
"and he had his parents living in the house...
"where we moved in."
"The only thing that separates the garden from the neighbor's garden
"Is a not very high fence."
That's why, even though I'm in the garden,
it always seems to me that one day the Musashi will jump over that fence...
and come to attack me.
So why don't you try to replace this fence...
for a higher one?
This is what I want to do...!
But my husband tells me that, at the moment, there is no....
Even his mother, who doesn't live with us, agrees with him.
This Musashi is the dog that the Tsutsumi have in their house, right?
Daughter, do you know them? Yes, a little bit.
It's true that the Musashi is quite big,
but he's very sociable with people
and I don't think he's capable of barking or growling at someone for no reason.

And, much less, attack a person.
Ma'am, who has done anything to upset the dog?
I have not done anything!
What insolence!
Forget this!
I withdraw the request!
Mr. Mouri, if anything happens to me,
know that it will have been all my fault!
Eh?
Wait.
(Door: closes)
You've got a big mouth.
Sorry, Father.
But that Musashi... isn't it?
Yes.
"However, after a very short time, a terrible thing happened."
-Are you all right? -Yes, I'm fine.
I'll go in the house first.
Okay. (Firecrackers: paf! Paf!)
(Firecrackers: Pff! Pff!)
What was that?
(Dog: borda)
-King, it's the Musashi! -Yes!
- (dog: borda) - (woman) Run away!
Run away!
(Dog: continues barking)
(dog: continues barking) Run away!
Flee!
Run away!
-Oh, King, it's the neighbor from the side. -Musashi!
Stop it!
Madam, are you all right?
The mother!
The mother!
Oh! Oh, it can't be!
It can't be!
Ah!
-Is she dead? -Yes, she is.
(Phone)
Mouri, say?
What did you say?
Musashi?
Understood.
I'll be right back.
Father, what happened to the Musashi?
It seems that Mrs. Nakaya's husband's mother has attacked...
and she's dead.
What?
(Man) Ready!
We've finished.
Okay, say, how many days will it take for me to walk well again?
-You have a serious injury, so it will take 4 or 5 days to walk.
-4 or 5... -Goodbye.
Thank you for everything.
Well, then, tell us exactly what happened.
Yes.
This evening, the mother came to visit...
when my husband was out of the house.
When I went to serve her coffee,
I slit and threw it over her dress.
Then I gave him one of my jackets to put on.
Next, I remembered that I had left my laundry half-done,
and I went to get it from the washing machine.
"In an oversight,
"I dropped one of my husband's shirts in the neighbors' yard."
"Unfortunately, it seems the neighbors weren't home."
And although I could have gone to look for it,
I didn't because I was afraid of the Musashi.
Then, the mother said she would go and look for him herself.
I wanted to stop and told her it was dangerous,
but she told me that it was all right,
that she knew Musashi since he was a puppy.
Musashi, you're a good boy.
(grunting)
-Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaaaah! -Mom!
Run away!
Run away!
Oh!
Mother! (grunts)
(grunts)
Oooh!
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Get out of here!
Run away from here!
At that moment, Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi came to help me.
Yes, we had to be late tonight because we were going to a party,
but my wife got sick and we got home early.
I understand...
Yes, but thanks to that I was able to save my life.
Listen... May I ask you a question?
What is this cane?
Ah, we bought this cane to have it at home,
so that the mother could use it when she came.
And the firecrackers?
I usually carry them with me, lest the Musashi attack me.
I understand that dogs don't like the sound of firecrackers at all.
Give me.
Mr. Inspector, the mother attacked because she was wearing one of my sweaters.
The dog thought it was me!
Yes...
That's why I came to see you for help!
But, listen, I couldn't do anything.
(Thinking) "Mrs. Kinue has been attacked here."
"And Mrs. Yoriko has fallen at that point."
"It's blood..."
"Mrs. Yoriko had no open wounds that could bleed."
"In this case, this blood would be from the late Mrs. Kinue?"
"But what is she doing so far away?"
The autopsy results conclude
that the cause of Mrs. Kinue's death...
is a shock caused by a large hemorrhage.
Shock from hemorrhaging?
The teeth marks that were left on her neck
matched the Musashi's teeth...
And saliva from the dog was also found at the wound.
Mr. Kogoro, how did the Musashi attack Mrs. Kinue?
So it mistook her for Yoriko.
Mrs. Kinue was wearing one of his jackets.
Don't you remember what they said last night?
Dogs' sense of smell distinguishes smells very well.
They say it's a hundred million times finer than a human's sense of smell.

Then, he could also sense Mrs. Kinue's scent, right?
If you have such well-developed senses....
That's true.
Even if he felt confused because he noticed both smells mixed together,
it's hard to believe that he really thought she was Mrs. Yoriko.
Besides, how could it be understood that the dog would suddenly sink its fangs into Mrs. Kinue's neck?
Mrs. Kinue's neck all of a sudden?
The most normal thing would be for it to bite her hands or her legs, right?
Besides, that blood is also very strange.
What blood?
That little blood that's in the direction of the fence,
the place where Mrs. Yoriko fell.
Ah!
You mean that blood.
The results have revealed that it corresponds to Kinue's blood.
Surely, when he picked up Mrs. Kinue in his arms to lift her up,
he got that blood on his hands
and splashed on the floor when she was wielding the cane.
Isn't it strange, then,
that there was no splashing in the direction of where the Musashi was?
Well, now that you mention it, it's true.
This is all childish nonsense.
I shouldn't listen to him!
Oh, I'm sure there are other things that don't fit, aren't there?
Yes, there are.
First of all, we found out...
that Mrs. Yoriko and Mrs. Kinue didn't get along at all.
Our witness is Mrs. Yoriko's younger sister,
and she says that the cause of the friction was that even though she was over 40 years old..,
her sister's husband still clung to her mother's skirts.
And it seems that the shirt that fell off Mrs. Yoriko....
had been bought by Kinue.
This explains why Mrs. Kinue wanted to go looking for it.
Secondly, we learned that Kinue had heart problems.
Heart problems?
And thirdly, we have what Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi have explained to us,
her neighbors.
Mrs. Yoriko, who had made a good impression on them...
at the beginning of moving into the new house,
stopped greeting them all at once.
And it seems that at the beginning the Musashi was also very, very fond of her.
And they don't quite know when it started to happen,
but at a certain point,
every time the dog noticed her presence he started barking.
Also, it seems that before they got married,
Yoriko was a fine arts teacher at a high school.
She and her husband have no children.
But whichever way you look at it,
everything points to the Musashi being responsible.
But no, it wasn't him.
Right, Conan?
Of course...
Now that we're talking about people attacked by dogs,
we also had that case with John, didn't we?
(Dong-dong)
Come, your master will tell you something.
(Dong-dong) "A dog's owner trained him
"using a montage of sounds and words
"to attack a person."
But in this case, of course, it is quite unthinkable...
that Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi and their neighbor, Mrs. Yoriko..,
trained the Musashi to attack any person.
I've got it, Mr. Inspector!
This is a premeditated murder that they had scrupulously planned!
A premeditated murder?
The murderer, naturally, is Yoriko Nakatani!
She was eager to murder her mother-in-law
because she had always detested her.
And if that wasn't enough,
she detested her neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi,
and also her dog Musashi!
-Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi?
The reason, surely?
was that even though the two of them are a younger couple,
they have succeeded in the business world
and they live in a house that is a mansion, with a huge garden.
I see what you mean...
So, he thought of a way to assassinate Mrs. Kinue...
using the Musashi as an instrument.
She, first of all,
got a cane identical to the one Mrs. Kinue used.
"When Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi were not at home," she said,
"She would probably start pestering the dog from behind the fence,
"thus encouraging the dog's hostility toward her."
"Surely, when she did that,
"I would throw firecrackers to scare the poor beast away."
And then, last night,
taking advantage of the fact that neither her husband nor Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi would be home,
Mrs. Kinue called,
spilled her coffee all over him expressly.
and made him put on the jacket with her scent.
And, moreover, with a random excuse,
she went to get the laundry to spread it out for the night,

"She dropped her husband's favorite shirt...
"And had Mrs. Kinue fetch it."
"The Musashi realized
"that Mrs. Kinue had entered his territory."
"And he saw with his eyes that cane which he detested."
"And he also smelled the scent of Mrs. Yoriko.
"the person he hated the most."
"That's why, for sure,
"He shouted warning cries for her not to come any closer."
"And at that moment, from behind..."
We can affirm that you have appealed to the senses of sight,
of smell and hearing of the animal with a great skill
for committing a reckless murder.
It was very likely that Mrs. Kinue,
who was usually quite weak from her heart condition,
would have a heart attack just from watching the dog attack her.
However, the Musashi bit Mrs. Kinue's neck?
and death came as a result of a shock to her body due to massive blood loss.
due to massive blood loss.
The plan was even better than not thought.
Yoriko, is this true?
I can't believe you are a famous detective.
If you dare to accuse me like this, you must have some proof.
I'll show you the proof right now.
But first, can I have the jacket you're wearing now?
And the cane too.
Do you understand?
Sato, you throw the firecrackers,
and Takagi, you pull the leash tight...
to stop the dog when he tries to jump on you.
Yes, understood.
"Takagi, I trust you."
"Sato, if necessary I'll die for you."
"If Musashi loses his temper with the firecrackers...
"It must have been his own doing."
"No, surely..."
Now... stop it!
(Grunting)
(Continues grunting)
(Squeaking)
All right, boy... (grunts) Come on.
It's out of the question!
You see?
I told you it couldn't be.
You did?
They told the news about the crime and we were worried about them.
-The Musashi, they also have him at the police station? -Yes.
Yes.
But they say that since the Kinue had entered the house improperly,
they don't have much of a case to blame the dog for what happened.
"Anyway, to clarify the truth of the case,
"I have to wake up and gather more information."
Excuse me, how about we go to Tsutsumi's house now?
Yes, good idea!
Eh?
They'll move house?
Yes, even if no accusation is made in the end,
we can't forget the fact that the Musashi attacked Mrs. Kinue
and caused her death.
We can't live here anymore.
I understand you.
Tell me, what have you found this time?
What is this?
This is... it's the Musashi's toothbrush.
"A toothbrush?"
Earlier, when we brushed his teeth,
we saw that it had mud on it, remember?
Also, it seems that before she got married,
Yoriko was a fine arts teacher at a high school.
"No way!"
"Fang! If we're talking about fine arts..."
Our deduction
as you had the Musashi attack the Kinue was not accurate.
The Musashi did nothing.
The one who killed the Kinue lady was yourself.
Myself, you say?
Mr. Inspector, what do you mean by this?
You made the dog bite into a block of clay,
made a mold, and then...
you made a replica of its teeth with chalk
using your expertise as a fine arts teacher.
That night, pushed Mrs. Kinue,
"who had entered the garden
"To fetch the shirt you had dropped."
"The dog was frightened..."
with the unusual facts he witnessed and started barking.
With the firecrackers he got away,
then tried to get back into the garden of his house...
but stumbled.
Later, when Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi ran to help her, she told them that the dog had attacked her,
she declared that the dog had attacked her.
While Mr. and Mrs. Tsutsumi were keeping an eye on Mrs. Kinue,
"She threw this denture in the direction of the garden of her house."
This plaster denture
has been what has allowed us to solve the whole mystery.
And the one who found it is Conan.
It is not true.
It was found by Kuru, a little dog.
The fact that there was saliva on Mrs. Kinue's wound
explains why you used a habit that dogs have.
When a dog or any dog that is a friend of yours drinks badly,

what they do is lick their wounds for healing, right?
What is your answer now?
Do you want to make a statement?
That woman, every time she came home,
she'd look at the neighbors' house, and say we shouldn't have gotten married.
No-just because of that?
You heard that!
You can't understand it because the years were passing you by
and you were still clinging to your mother's skirts!
Otherwise... If I hadn't sprained my ankle...
An ankle heals in two days!
But before that happens,
you will have to straighten out a lot of other things about yourself!
Forgive me, I have been thinking for days.
It's not very feminine to name the dog Kuru...
Her name comes from the English "cool", maybe?
Yes, it's true.
In fact it comes from the French word "coeur".
Wow, what a surprise.
Well, this word means "heart" in French.
It's called Corazon?
I'm sure Kuru has a big heart
because she wanted to help her doggy friend when he needed it.
I wonder if my dog has a heart.
I'm pretty sure he does.
No, he doesn't...
Because every time he comes across a case,
he immediately says that there is no room for feelings!
"He-he-he-he... Give me a pillow, please."
Eh?
Conan, you were saying nothing? What?
If the apartment's been broken into and she's been killed with a blunt force trauma,
our line of investigation should focus on her acquaintances.
No, there won't be an ambulance.
Miss, it was Sugimori-san,
what he told you when we were doing the interview, wasn't it?
The voice of the four suspects!
He sure liked animals a lot!
"This here could be..."
And the next Conan:
"The Junior Detective League and the interview, (part one)"
("Kanashii hodos Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

