Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
They want to interview at the Junior Detective League.
And just when we expected to be the center of attention,
along comes an unexpected case through the big door.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
-Sorry to keep you waiting. Sorry to disturb you.
-That's all right.
I-I'll introduce myself.
This is my card.
Thank you. I'm Sumiko Kobay.
I'm Sumiko Kobayashi, the tutor of the first B class.
Ah, I beg you to sit down please.
-You're a journalist, aren't you? -Yes, indeed.
I thought you would recognize me
because lately I've been making a name for myself
in some women's magazines,
but I see I had my hopes up too high.
Oh!
Don't say that.
It happens that I don't read many magazines.
Forgive me!
No, woman, don't worry.
I'm not upset, don't worry.
Th-then... tell me... What subject did you want to consult with me?
If what you want is to collect information about bullying,
I already told you that in my class there are no such problems.
No, that's not it.
No, that's not it.
What I want to know is just...
if I can interview the Junior Detective League in your class.
What's that?
The Junior Detective League?
You mean what they always do in Kojima and his classmates?
(At once) Yes!
Yes, I got some rumors...
about the activities of this group of guys and I wanted to...
But, listen, they just named themselves the Junior Detective League...
for child's play stuff.
The only thing they've ever really done is look for cats and stuff like that...
Where do I get paid?
Minami!
Megumi!
What strange names for cats.
It says here that they are 3 very fierce cats.
But the police have confirmed it to me.
It seems that they have collaborated
in solving murder cases very often.
Especially a boy named Conan Edogawa.
Ah... Ah, Conan?
Don't tell me!
And the title of the report I want to write will be.
"The Junior Detective Leagues revive the 21st century".
I am absolutely convinced that it will arouse a great deal of interest.
Oh, right... But anyway...
THE JUNIOR DETECTIVE LEAGUE AND THE INTERVIEW, (PART ONE)
- (all) What? -Write about us?
About our Junior Detective League?
It's... it's great!
Yes, kids.
Yesterday, a reporter named Sugimori came to school...
after school.
He said he wanted to do an interview
about the activities you were doing and asked for his cooperation.
-Oysters!
This is going to be very interesting! -Now I'm really excited!
Th-that's why... A... atxum!
Atxum!
Atxum!
Miss Kobayashi, did you get constipated?
-It looks like it.
I don't have a fever yet,
but I'm sneezing and coughing up snot, I'm very cold.
Miss Kobayashi, are you all right?
Have you taken anything to drink?
Hey, maybe your eyes are burning now?
What?
Yes, that's right.
Since I was grading exams late yesterday,
now my eyes must be tired.
You have pollen allergy.
Ha-ha!
Allergy?
No way.
That's where you're wrong.
Your teacher has iron defenses for these things;
as a child.
Look, pollen allergy is an antigen...
That is, the element that causes the allergy enters the body...
and the body creates antibodies to fight against this antigen.
But if the body produces an accumulation of these antibodies
the body produces an accumulation of these antibodies above the tolerance levels of the organism,
the antibodies and the body react and produce physical reactions that lead to an allergic pathology.
leading to an allergic pathology.
But as this characteristic of pollen is even given

at very specific times of the year,
a considerable number of years must pass
for this accumulation to occur.
Therefore, even if a person does not have a small problem, there are often cases of people who become allergic to pollen,
there are often cases of people who become allergic to pollen in their 20s and 30s.
when they are 20 or 30 years old.
Ah, is that why?
And then?
What will you do with the interview?
Say.
Of course we will collaborate!
We will accept this challenge as the Junior Detective League that we are!
Won't we?
Yes.
(Think) "Looks like four drops will fall."
Boy, they sure are taking their time...
They were the ones who said to meet half an hour earlier.
Did you feel it?
Half an hour earlier!
We'll meet there half an hour earlier!
Don't be late!
Conan, is that clear?
Eh?
Let me?
Alright, alright then!
Apa, Kojima!
You mean you'll be able to keep this promise?
Yes, I can!
Oh, and that would be nice!
Tomorrow we'll all be in street clothes!
Yes!
So you can see the Junior Detective League as it is!
(Genta) You sure are smart!
(All) Get up!
We'll do great!
Hello, Conan!
Sorry for the delay.
Have you been waiting for us for a long time?
Forgive us Conan!
You've waited long?
You guys!
You are very late!
What were you doing?
Ayumi always takes everything so calmly.
It's just that he had to make a lot of preparations.
What's wrong with her?
She's a girl.
You have to be more understanding with her.
Well, I'll be damned...
Do you know where the Haibara is? I'm here, pretty.
"When did she arrive?"
And another thing, guys.
This is not what we said.
What are you doing dressed like that?
-Surprise! -What do you think?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Let's see, today we will be interviewed, right?
Aren't we?
Oi, Mitsuhiko?
Yes!
It would be unforgivable
if we showed up looking pitiful on the day of the interview.
Just think, we'll be seen by a lot of people.
Hm.
That's the way to talk.
(Ayumi) Wow... Why does this have to happen to us?
It must have started raining just when we're supposed to be interviewed.
This is bad luck...
It's true.
We had bright sunshine all day yesterday.
What's this about?
Mitsuhiko!
It's your fault for always getting into mischief.
What's that?
How can you talk like that?
It's you, the mischief maker!
For once I dress up in formal clothes,
I look like shit in the rain.
-And my shoes are also very springy.
What a pity, my parents bought them for me yesterday.
"Go ahead and say..., but you got too excited."
(Sigh)
It's no big deal...
Before starting the interview, you can ask for a hairdryer...
or anything else to spruce up a bit.
The interview will be done at that journalist's house, right?
But nowadays what is important in television is the image.
If we were filmed entering your house soaking wet
and wetting everything that is within our reach...
What?
A television camera will also come?
Mm?
Yes?
"Stop the car, there's no one coming!"
Who knows, maybe they'll make a special program about us!
If they do, I'm sure there'll be a very pretty hostess too!
I want Queen Mizunashi to come!
And so do I!
(Ai) It's impossible for her to come.
Because she's in a hospital bed at the moment.
(Kudo voice) Yes.
It seems that that anchorwoman from the Men in Black Organization
hasn't regained consciousness yet.
Listen... Couldn't this interview be something of theirs?
I don't think so.
That the journalist is receiving 5 children in his house is too conspicuous.
It's hard to believe that these people would want to take actions
that allow witnesses and leave clues behind.
Their trademark is to act in such a way that no one notices anything.
Yes, that's true.
Besides, if they wanted to get you and me together in one place...,
they'd never meet an adult.
Excuse me, children!
Are you waiting for me?
Miss Kobayashi!
(Think) "She looks just like researcher Sato!"
Eh?
What's wrong with her?
Wait a minute!
You've neglected your glasses!
Oh, is that so?
It's just that I felt like a change and I've put contact lenses.

What do you think?
They don't fit me?
That I don't look good?
She is not ugly at all!
And her dress is also very feminine!
And it makes a lot of joy!
Miss, you look more beautiful than usual.
Thank you very much!
It makes me very happy!
I guess she got that way
because that journalist is an attractive man...
That's not why I did it, you know?
I didn't do it for that reason!
But I would do better not to wear contact lenses anymore.
The irritation caused by contact lenses
is not very good for the stinging of the eyes caused by the allergy.
Very good.
If I put my glasses back on, will you leave me alone?
You've won...
Yes, this will be better for you.
Although this rain means that the pollen does not circulate much in the air,
it's possible that at the journalist's house
there may be pollen accumulations in the journalist's house.
And you should also give a good shake
this kind of furry ornament that you wear on your dress
before entering your home.
This will avoid bringing pollen particles inside the house.
Yes, that's right.
You are absolutely right.
Miss, miss, was that journalist attractive?
Well, his face... he wasn't bad.
He's an honest person and easy to talk to.
I'm sure he'll get right down to business with all of you.
And it seems that he is a professional
who has earned the recognition of a magazine for a female audience,
so he must have a good hand when it comes to dealing with children.
-Did you hear?
Recognition! -He's a famous man!
Come on, let's go!
I bet he lives in a mansion that's a knockout!
Then he must have a chef and a pastry chef all to himself!
I'm sure he'll serve us a nice meal for dinner!
That's great!
(Children: uproar)
Uh... I..., children..., I didn't say that....
(Level step: dong-dong)
- (Ayumi) Is it here? - (Kobayashi) Yes, it seems so. (Dong-dong)
- (Mitsuhiko) It's not a mansion... (dong-dong)
(Dong-dong)
(Genta) It's an ordinary apartment...
And it doesn't have any TV cameras or pretty hostesses.
(Sigh)
It's better this way, isn't it?
This way, you can talk to him without getting nervous.
Miss, did you really tell him...
that we would do the interview in his apartment?
It must be a room with 6 tatamis of space, right?
No, the interview will be at a family restaurant nearby.
Oh, no!
I was supposed to call him when we got to the bus stop.
"I thought so."
I have to call right away! There won't be!
Since we've come this far, we'll do the interview inside your house...
and we'll be done in a jiffy.
-(Ayumi) Yes, it's better this way, so as not to lose my temper.
(Ayumi) When she sees us coming suddenly, maybe she'll get a big shock.
Surely.
There's not much movement.
(Ding-dong)
(Ding-dong)
Maybe he's not at home.
No.
He's got today's paper in the mailbox, so he must still be sleeping.
Come on, the door is open!
(Ayumi) Genta, be quiet!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Ayumi) Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Mr. Sugimori! No Miss!
Don't come in!
You had met him once before.
If one of your hairs fell into this apartment,
they would suspect you.
Miss, call an ambulance and call the police, please!
If we call them, they'll think it's a joke, for sure!
Eh?
Yes...
No..., there won't be an ambulance.
Now he's got rigor mortis all over his body...
He's been dead for half a day already!
"Rigor mortis?
Half a day dead?
"This here could be..."
What is he doing?
Eagerness!
Eh?
Eeeeh... Yes!
The victim is Mr. Masato Sugimori, age 32.
And he was a journalist, right? Yes, indeed.
We were supposed to meet today.
He told me he wanted to write about these kids and...
And then, when you arrived you found him in this state?
Yes.
To be more precise, when did you ask for this interview?
The night before last... he came to the school.
So this means that he was alive up to that time?
Miss, it was Mr. Sugimori..,
he told you when we were going to do the interview, wasn't it?
Yes.

Yesterday, shortly before noon, Mr. Sugimori called me...
and told me what time we would do it.
Hey, do you know the exact time? Wait till I look it up...
I could have sworn it was between the third and fourth hour of class..,
and he called me on my cell phone...
So if we look at the call log, we can find out.
At 22 minutes past 11:00 in the morning.
Therefore, the crime occurred after that time.
Inspector.
What do you want?
What do you want?
Looks like the murder weapon is this camera tripod!
Ah...
If the apartment has been broken into and she's been killed with a blunt force trauma,
our line of investigation should focus on her acquaintances.
Yes, Inspector.
And we could also consider her interviewees
as possible suspects.
Indeed we could.
You could have earned a person's enmity
by digging up dirt in some article.
But if it was the article of an artist or a singer,
he would also earn the enmity of some hothead.
The suspects are multiplying.
I think there are only 4 suspects.
Conan!
Look at this!
This answering machine key.
Look, the light is blinking!
It looks like there are 4 messages.
But, Conan, why do you think these 4 messages are suspicious?
Take a closer look.
It's the end of the key.
Look, it's this one.
You see, inspector?
What is it?
What's that?
Oh!
The bloodstain is interrupted?
I got it!
This means that after getting splashed with blood,
someone pressed the key to turn on the answering machine?
Let's see, who would have done such a thing?
This would happen after having shooed the victim once.
If after running away, the victim had pressed the key....
in a desperate effort when he was still conscious...
he would surely have called the police.
And another thing, Inspector Megre.
There is no blood on the victim's hands!
In this case, it was the murderer who pressed it.
Yes, it could be that after the blow was struck,
the killer switched on the answering machine.
And why would he want to switch it on?
I suppose he wouldn't want the body of the late Mr. Sugimori to be discovered.
of the late Mr. Sugimori.
He didn't want anyone to come or call this house.
If it looked like he wasn't home, no one would come anymore.
But the key to this apartment is on top of the table.
and, instead, the door was open.
Eh?
A key?
If I didn't want Mr. Sugimori's body to be found,
I would have left the door locked with the key.
Yes, that's right...
Then, the possibility we're left with is...
That the murderer himself...
...left a message on the answering machine!
And made an alibi! (At the same time) Yes!
In this case, it would be convincing...
that the murderer had left the door open!
If he delayed the time they would find the body
and the approximate time of death was not clear,
the alibi he would have put together would have fallen apart!
(Think) "How?"
Very well!
All right!
Let's hear them right away!
"What was that?"
"What kind of... of a child is this?"
Now let's hear the voice of the 4 suspects!
(Takagi) No-no-no-no-no!
Wait a moment, Inspector!
Mmmm?
What's wrong?
How about recording them while we listen to them?
That way we can feel them as many times as we want.
and well, if we make a mistake and they get erased..., we'd be sold out.
Yes, you're right.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ooooh...
I'll talk to forensics
and ask them to bring the recording equipment.
Yes, you do that.
Sorry to interrupt you...
Conan, just a moment!
Just a moment!
Is the killer's voice really on that answering machine?
Yes, because the key to activate the answering machine...
has the bloodstain interrupted.
After Mr. Sugimori had died,
the murderer went to the trouble of connecting the answering machine
and entered a message that would serve as an alibi.
Wait a minute, but he didn't do it...
because he wanted to make the investigation more complicated for the police?
Now look behind you, please.
There is blood on the doorknob of the front door.

This proves that the murderer left in a hurry
without realizing that there were blood stains on his hand.
-Yes, it's true. Yes.
There is blood.
And it seems that the way the blood has been splattered on the key...
is not the result of any artifice.
The murderer has used the wit of the moment
and now I don't know what's behind this first reading.
But as there were no traces left on that knob..,
everything indicates... that the suspect was wearing gloves.
(Flow) Let's see if parents.
You've jumped into the void just to get there and you're already on your way.
Inspector Takagi and Inspector Megre...
are already immune to your chatter,
but this is the first time
Miss Kobayashi has listened to one of your deductions.
She's a mess.
Eh?
Mossega't a little bit your tongue, will you?
Bite it, you say?
What a drag.
Now she's looking at us.
What a blunder...
How dramatic you are.
You're always making such expressions.
What do you mean?
What's that supposed to mean?
You know, "Gee, that's funny!"
or "Wow, that's strange!"...
When you look like a knucklehead, wow.
"He-he-he-he... How you overdo it."
You don't know it, but if you get noticed....
and let the world know about your detective side..,
the news will reach those men, too.
Yes, I know!
The truth is, I wasn't planning to say a word to our interview.
"And I believe it..."
Now, wait a minute.
I don't quite believe that the victim was a successful journalist.
Uh... Yes.
When he came to the school the day before yesterday,
he introduced himself in these terms.
"He said that lately he had gained some recognition..."
If that were the case,
it wouldn't be strange if he lived in a better place than this.
It's possible that Mr. Sugimori was just telling him...
a bunch of nonsense.
(Kudo voice) Ah, no... Ahem!
(Flow) Yes, yes, I know!
"Now, that saying things like that makes me embarrassed..."
Wow!
Look, that's funny!
Mr. Sugimori has a funny key behind his ass!
Yes, look!
You can see a white horse!
He must have been very fond of animals!
"Stop it!"
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's the key to a Ferrari.
That supercar?
A su... a supercar..., you say?
But... It could be...
that Mr. Sugimori led a humble life...
despite having a car like this.
There are people who stretch their arm further than their sleeve
and make a meager living to keep a car like this.
And if he had them in a different place from where he had the key to the house, it means that he wanted to park them in a different place from where he had the key to the house,
it means he just wanted to look good and that was enough.
Hey, Conan!
What was that "Gee, that's funny"?
The great ones always treat us like children with attitudes like this.
You're very cute,
but you look like a spoiled child of those who can't stand each other.
Same to you, Conan!
To do these stupid things just because, please.
"Defense'm!"
"Coi..."
"I'm between a rock and a hard place."
"Exit-me will be complicated as hell."
This was her voice.
Won't it, miss?
Does this mean that the lady is the murderer?
"No, we've only been able to confirm one alibi..."
Ahem, ahem... Stop.
"Ah, that's right, Miss Kobayashi was beginning to suspect..."
Pollen allergy?
Come to think of it,
all 3 had elements related to pollen allergy.
I'd like to ask you something.
"The moment of truth!"
And the next Conan:
"The Junior Detective League and the interview, (part two)"
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

