Victory, sincerity, tests for truth.
An inexhaustible drive to aspire to be the best!
A surprising case before our interview.
The Junior Detective League always sticks together!
A deduction that beats the police's.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Shinjitsu Bakari oikakete
yureugoku everyday.
Tsuyogaru jibun no Nakami mo
marukkiri Nazo darake!
(Heart) Moeagaru freedom!
Hagane no Younes Kizuna dake ga.
Hekondeku kokoro wo funbaraseru!
Boku ni mo nanika wo kaerareru.
Sarigenai kotoba de sasayaite.
Anata no koe ga Ashita e no shoudou!
Daremos ga mugen na kanousei wo
sono te wo kasanete shirasete.
Kibou to wa me no mae ni aru michi
Doko ka ni ikeru to shinjiyou.
Anata no Subete ga boku no shoudou.
Shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
Ajiyou KOSO ga shoudou!
Go for it, go for it!
"On Masato Sugimori, a famous journalist,
"He went to Teitan Elementary School
"Because he wanted to interview the Junior Detective League
"about their activities."
"After a few days, we went together to see Mr. Sugimori...
"at his house with Miss Kobayashi."
"But there we found Mr. Sugimori's lifeless body!"
"As a result of the investigation we did at the scene,
"We deduced that the four messages
"that had been left on the answering machine were suspicious, but..."
THE JUNIOR DETECTIVE LEAGUE AND THE INTERVIEW, (PART 2)
(Takagi) Inspector!
We already have the devices to record messages.
Yes, really?
All right, we'll start by listening to... the first one.
(Level step: dong-dong)
(Dong-dong)
It's a level crossing near here.
(Dong-dong)
(Dong-dong) "This never ends."
(Dong-dong) "That it's been 2 minutes since it's started to feel, man."
- (noise: stops) -It's... it's stopped.
We'll start with the first one.
- (woman's voice) "You have 4 messages." - (pip)
(Woman) "Hello, Sugimori. This is Haruka."
"Forgive me for yesterday, I think I drank a little too much."
"I'm over my anger now, really."
"Since you never invite me to come over to your place.
"I thought maybe you had a history with another woman."
"Well, call me when you get this message, please."
(Woman's voice) "11 hours and 15 minutes in the morning. Friday."
Inspector, in this message you could feel the television in the background.
Yes, it was the program "Filling in the eyes account", Nichiuri TV,
which is broadcasted at 11 o'clock, right?
Since yesterday was April 22, if we ask the TV station, they will be able to tell us the exact time of the broadcast,
they can tell us at what exact time they broadcast this program.
(Piip)
(Boy) "I am in Higaki."
"I wanted to apologize to you personally."
"Now I was on my way to your house,
"But if you're not here, we'll take a rain check."
"I'm sorry about the car.... Goodbye."
(Woman's voice) "11 hours and 27 minutes in the morning. Friday."
In the background could be heard the public address system that is usually felt on trains.
Okuho Station is a considerable distance from here,
so, despite being on board the train, it would take half an hour to arrive.
(Piip)
(Boy) "I am the Inaba, from Koeikan Publishing House."
"I wanted to ask you as advanced doors.
"The article we asked you for."
"Editor! What day is today?"
(Man) "Today is April 22 and it's 28 past 11!"
(Inaba) "Well, that's all it was."
"You still have a week left to deliver it,
"So have a good job."
"Oh, and another thing!"
"I'm not upset at all about that article-bomb."
"I hope that from now on we can continue working without a problem."
(Woman's voice) "11 hours and 29 minutes in the morning. Friday."
Now we've heard people talking in the background....
It sounds like the man called from work.
Apart from the man with the message,
there was his editor-in-chief and another man.
The publishing house you're talking about is also quite far from this place, isn't it?
Yes.
If he came by train, he would have to change trains by force.
And by car, it would take an hour.
And now, the last message. (Piip)
(Woman) "Ah, hello."
"This is Sumiko Kobayashi,
"The first B tutor of Teitan elementary school.

"To whom you called a while ago... aaaatxum!"
"Excuse me, please. I seem to be allergic to pollen now."
"Atxum! I wanted to ask you a question:
"What time did you want us to report tomorrow?"
"Atxum! Well..., see you soon..."
(Woman's voice) "11 o'clock, 30 minutes in the morning. Friday."
This was her voice.
Oi, Miss?
Uh... yes...
So, this means that the lady is the murderer?
-(Ai) That's impossible.
- (Ai) That's impossible.
If the lady was the murderer, she would have done the impossible...
to get into this apartment and get close to the body.
That way, when the police examined everything,
they could justify finding hair or fingerprints on her...
and then lift their shirts.
(Slacker) Hey, bite your tongue, you too.
(Slacker) Excuse me.
Specifically, to which the question referred to in the message?
Yes.
It referred to the interview of the children.
So, there is no doubt...
that you left the message yesterday at half past five, 12 o'clock in the morning?
No, Inspector.
Besides, the bell was ringing for the fourth hour of class.
Yesterday at 22 minutes past 11 o'clock, after the third class,
I received a call from Mr. Sugimori,
asking if we would accept, and I replied that we would do the interview.
But I remembered that detail and made the call,
but then the answering machine was already on.
In this case, the crime took place, probably,
between 11 and 22 minutes and a half past 12.
But, inspector...
According to the teacher's testimony,
the clock on this answering machine was working properly.
Therefore, it would have occurred in the 3 minutes between 11:22 and 11:22...
between 11:22 and 11:25 minutes..,
the time of the first message.
In 3 minutes?
Now that's a fine line.
You can say that again.
Come to think of it, at the time I talked about the interview,
you told me that someone would be right over to see you.
Eh?
Do you know the name?
Well, no, I don't.
What is it?
The police?
If they ask about the parking ticket, I've already paid it.
No, we were calling about Mr. Sugimori.
You left a message on his answering machine, remember?
Uh, yes...
It seems that the night before I was really drunk
and that I took it out on him.
Do you remember where you made this call from, Miss?
I called him on my cell phone from my apartment.
Is there anyone who can confirm that?
No, no one can confirm it.
Why do you want to know?
Ah, it's all right!
I'll explain it in more detail in a while.
Now we're going to look for her.
If you can give us her address...
Yes, first Rizencho district...
Rizencho?
Another place that is located in the fifth pine!
(Boy) Eh?
A call to Sugimori?
Yes... I did call him yesterday.
I did it from the metropolitan circle line.
But I got an answering machine.
Hey, at that time was it with someone?
No, it was alone.
Oh, no shit.
I hope that bastard didn't call the cops
for that scratch on the bumper of his Ferrari!
I had asked him for the car
and I accidentally scratched him with a lamp post.
But she went ballistic.
(Man) Excuse me, now the Inaba is out,
but I think he'll be back in the office soon.
Yes, I am Hayashi, your editor-in-chief.
Can you tell me why the police are asking for him?
Do you know where Mr. Inaba was yesterday around 2/4 of 12 noon?
I don't know,
so our editors go out on assignments very often.
The Inaba left a message on a person's answering machine,
and in the background it felt like you were saying
"Today is April 22 and it is exactly 11:28".
Ah... In this case, I guess he was at the publishing house.
His cell phone doesn't work very well
and he often asks me what day and what time it is.
Although I keep telling him to go buy a new one.
Listen, today you had to go to the evening, remember?
Will you be able to do it?
Today is not the Tokyo Dome, so I'm a little worried.
No, now I'm not talking about the match, but about your health condition.
Ah, if you're talking about the enconstipat,
I slept through the night and it's completely healed.
I no longer have the redness in my eyes,
so it could be due to exhaustion.
Inaba!

You got a call from the police!
Eh?
The police?
What do they want from me?
Well, Mr. Inaba, we'll come and get you later,
so please wait for us at the publishing house.
- (genta) Eh, it's very strange... (Mitsuhiko) I think so too.
What's the problem? The second message from the answering machine.
The public address system felt strange.
Normally, when it stops at the platform,
they always say to be careful not to trip.
"Ya, we'll leave it for another day. Don't worry, it's okay."
"(PA: unintelligible)"
It's true, the sentence is half-finished.
We'll call them just in case to check.
(Takagi) That the driver who was running the public address system...
(Takagi) had pollen allergy?
Yes, yes, it was me.
Since yesterday, I suddenly had a severe allergy attack...
and I couldn't resist the whole trip on the line.
"In the end they had to replace me after noon."
R-really?
It sounds like he started sneezing all of a sudden
and couldn't finish the sentence.
I get it.
Once confirmed with the woman from earlier,
it seems that the "Filling in the eyes counts" program that we felt the message,
started when it was 5 minutes to half past five at 12.
Very good, very good.
In this case, all 3 have alibis.
"No, we could only confirm one alibi..."
(Dong-dong) The level crossing again?
Come to think of it, the metropolitan circle line passes through there, right?
The metropolitan circle line takes one hour
to go all the way.
From 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., it follows the same frequency
the same frequency in this area.
Well, anyway, we'll have to question the 3 people...
who have left messages.
Then, I'll go look for them.
No!
I'm sure you'll just... have to go look for one person.
What?
Just one? Hm.
The culprit, having murdered Mr. Sugimori,
took the trouble
to connect the answering machine of the telephone in this house
and entered a message that would make him an alibi, right?
If so, with the message from all 3 people,
the investigator Takagi just call and with these 3 people,
you know, who is suspicious...
(Kudo voice)... and who is not.
The clue is pollen allergy.
"Ah, that's right, that Miss Kobayashi was getting suspicious..."
But since I'm a kid, maybe I'm wrong....
Allergy to pollen?
Come to think of it,
all 3 had elements related to pollen allergy.
"These ones didn't hear me."
At 25 minutes past 11, when the Haruka was leaving the message,
an information block about pollen allergy was playing in the background.
on television.
In Mr. Higaki's message at 1:25 pm,
a strange fragment of the train's public address system was heard.
The train conductor announcing the next station?
was allergic to pollen and had a sneezing fit.
That's why he was replaced shortly after noon before he could finish his shift.
before he could finish his shift.
But the message Mr. Inaba had left at 11:29 a.m. asked his boss what day and how long it would take him to finish his shift.
asked his boss what day and time it was.
"Today is April 22 and it is exactly 11:28."
I don't see any connection with the pollen allergy
that he felt the way his boss answered him.
True.
But... that editor-in-chief did mention it
when researcher Takagi called you a while ago, remember?
He said that he slept through the night yesterday,
that his enconstipat had healed and that he had no redness in his eyes!
The same thing happened to you, didn't it?
Yes, but I wasn't constipated, I had pollen allergy.
Ahem... ahem... Stop it.
That editor didn't have an allergy at any time.
You mean it must have something to do with the case?
Looks like we'll have to ask all 3 of them to come here.
(Genta) It's about an hour or so!
(Mitsuhiko) You're wrong!
It's an exact time!
Can you tell what's wrong with them?
They're talking about the time it takes for the train to pass.
This pair are arguing about it.
It's just that one day when I was going home by train with my mother,
we both fell asleep.
And since we were too lazy to change trains to go home, we stayed on the train and waited for it,
we stayed on the train and waited for it to finish turning around.

We arrived home an hour or so later.
But, according to the train schedules, it took an hour to make the trip.
There is little difference
between trains running on the inner perimeter and the outer perimeter.
That allergy conductor who could feel it on the PA?
would take half an hour to go around the inner perimeter
and another half an hour to go around the outside, right?
Well... Okuho station is at the other end of the line.
But if the conductor left the train
before making the entire journey on the circle line shortly before noon,
that means he had started his journey shortly after 11 o'clock.
Yes, that's right.
(At the same time) What do you mean nothing?
Au, Ayumi.
Ah, yes... Listen!
Let's say Mr. Higaki, who called from inside the train,
recorded what that conductor was saying
and played that recording while making the call.
Now I get it!
That way, it would look like he was calling from inside the train.
I don't think this is possible,
because that driver told us that he has been having allergy attacks since yesterday.
If the driver started the journey shortly after 11 o'clock, it would also be possible to record the megaphone,
it would also be possible to record the public address system after 11 o'clock.
As Mr. Higaki's message is at 11:27 a.m., we know that if he was leaving from here, he would have had an allergy attack,
and we know that if he left from here it would take him half an hour
to get to Okuho Station,
this would be...
Coming here, after having murdered Mr. Sugimori,
to connect the answering machine...
It would be impossible!
Mr. Higaki is clean.
-Yes. -But, but...
Wait, Genta!
Not yet.
Okay, okay, okay.
Now, now.
But, then, the TV sound of the Haruka's message...
it could easily register to this very floor, couldn't it?
Very well.
Of course he could!
He used that TV over there!
After committing the murder, press the answering machine key,
if he turned on the TV and called from right here...
It would look like he was actually calling from somewhere else.
In this case, Miss Haruka is the suspect.
Eh?
There's a lot of noise outside!
That's right!
Maybe we should go through...
This time it's also very long... This I feel must be...
(Dong-dong) The level crossing?
Come to think of it,
we've also listened to the message we heard before.
It always sounds more than 2 minutes, this level crossing.
And another thing, if we check the train schedule,
we would see that the train passes through this area
around 11 o'clock and 24 minutes in the morning.
It looks like Miss Haruka left her message on the answering machine at 11:25 am.
at 11:25 minutes past 11:00.
According to Ms. Kobayashi's testimony,
the murder took place in 3 minutes,
between 11:22 and 11:25.
If the murderer was Miss Haruka, she should come here,
take advantage of a moment of Mr. Sugimori's carelessness...
and shoot her once with the camera tripod.
Press the answering machine key and leave the apartment....
would also take a bit of time.
As it says in Conan,
if what you did was to record the message with the television in the background...
he couldn't have done it even on this floor, in this area.
the level crossing.
If your message was not heard the noise of the level crossing,
it means that the place from where you left the message
is quite far from here.
This makes it impossible for Miss Haruka to have committed the murder.
So, now all we have left is Mr. Inaba.
Was this it, Conan?
I don't know.
I guess so.
He-he-he...
What?
Mr. Sugimori death?
The approximate time of death is between 11:22 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. this morning.
between 11:22 and 11:25 this morning.
What were you doing at that time? I was at the publishing house...
I had been told that they had heard the message I left.
"I am Inaba, from Koeikan Publishing House."
"I wanted to ask you as advanced doors
"The article we asked you for."
"Editor! What day is today?"
(Editor) "Today is April 22 and it's 28 past 11."
Do you see?
If the voice of my editor-in-chief also appears.
There is no possible mistake.
Come on, Mitsuhiko.
-Mitsuhiko, what's wrong with you?
I've got a stomachache all of a sudden.
Maybe it's because of the milk I put in the red tea
I drank this morning.

Since we broke the bag with the expiration date on it, I knew that it expired in April,
I knew it expired in April,
but I didn't know which day, that's all.
If you missed the date by 2 or 3 days, nothing happens,
but if it's been expired for a year, it could be a problem.
A year out of date?
Hey, this should have been done at Genta.
I already have it!
A year ago!
The recording for that message
could have been done perfectly well on April 22nd of last year!
The editor doesn't say what year this April 22nd is from.
And the content of the call
is also limited to talk about a random article!
I see what you mean.
That recording was made exactly one year ago,
and he inserted it in the message he left on the answering machine
after committing the crime as an alibi.
Excuse me... Where did you get that this could be?
Yesterday, I actually called him from the publishing house.
Miss!
When you have pollen allergy, it's not good to go out very often, is it?
No...
Come to think of it, the publisher had a pollen allergy too.
Yesterday he was saying all day that it was an enconstipat.
If he really was constipated,
I doubt he would have even said these words.
"Editor! Are we really going to the game tonight?"
"Relax, man! It's time to go to the Tokyo Dome today.
He seemed to be looking forward to going to the Tokyo Dome stadium.
It's just that the head is a big baseball fan.
Even if he is enconstipat he would go head!
Although I don't know exactly what he said yesterday.
But, hey.
The first time Inspector Takagi has spoken to his editor-in-chief,
he made it very clear.
That since he wasn't in Tokyo Dome today, he was worried.
He must have been mistaken, obviously.
So, maybe he was referring to the weather.
Yes, because according to the weather we have today,
an open stadium could be a problem.
The game could be called off.
So, what did he mean by the message about...
"Don't worry, it's time to go to the Tokyo Dome today"?
He also meant the weather.
No way, because it was perfect weather all day yesterday.
Indeed it was.
It seems that it rained on April 22nd last year,
and there wasn't much pollen floating around.
No, sir.
This is just an unsubstantiated deduction.
In the message it didn't feel like it was raining?
Also, you have no proof that I did it.
Excuse me, the motorcycle parked in front full of mud is yours, isn't it?
Don't you wash it often?
Eh...
And the boots you have are also very worn and full of scuff marks.
Why didn't you buy new ones, too?
How too?
So that the gloves she's wearing are newly bought, right?
Even though they have the price tag on them...
(Takagi) Sure!
The gloves he was wearing when he committed the crime
were the ones he usually wore
and when he realized that they were stained with blood, he changed them for new ones,
he changed them for new ones.
And the fact that he still wears the price tag on them means
that he probably noticed it on his way here!
I don't suppose it would do him any harm if we examined the places
that he may have touched with the blood test.
We'll start with the handlebars of that motorcycle outside that's his.
"As expected,
"They found blood from Mr. Sugimori, the victim,
"on the handlebars of the motorcycle."
"The motive for the crime was, rightly,
"The bomb article that the message spoke of..."
"Between the two journalists, they had been following closely
"The suspicions of corruption of a political bigwig."
"And Mr. Sugimori decided to publish it all on his own...
"To another magazine with more weight."
"Mr. Inaba complained in a trembling voice...
"That he cared more about getting it published in his magazine
"than the money."
"In the end, the Junior Detective League interview...
"was just a set-up of his to round things out in his favor."
-I can't say haba... -It's just that we talked too much.
I've been so nervous.
If a leaf wants a hiding place, it will go into the forest.
Spreading out what needed to be said among the group...
you've managed to make your footprint more discreet.
I guess.

"So, Miss..."
Excuse me, children.
I'd like to ask you something.
"The moment of truth!"
Do you know who Ranpo Edogawa was?
Yes!
He's the author of Kogoro Akechi and the twenty-mask thief.
Yes.
You guys are just like the Junior Detective League
that appears in that play!
I'm a super fan, you know?
So I would like to ask you a favor, if you would be so kind.
What is it?
I'm sure it's something dangerous.
Nothing will happen!
We'll do some thinking before we do anything!
It's not that!
It's just that I'd like to join your league of detectives.
Does that seem wrong to you?
We can't take an adult!
Do things your age, please.
If I call myself Kobayashi like the one in the book!
I don't find it inconvenient.
Looks like we won't have any problems.
It seems so.
(All) What?
Another interview?
Well, yes!
I'll go as a teacher and advisor
of the Junior Detective League, relax.
"Now it turns out she's the advisor?"
Also, stay tuned,
the interviewer will be that famous...
-We don't want any more interviews. We're good tips.
Ah..., really?
Well, you see.
I'm sorry I said no.
(Woman) "Don't worry, you shouldn't suffer. I appreciate you trying."
Gee, I thought at least in Conan I'd take it.
Your Golden Week special is out of the question, girl...
They already said it, that her teacher is too serious.
That she wants to give you a case?
"Damn it!"
"You have to be on time! Please!"
And the next Conan:
"The Promise of Aya Ueto and Shinichi, 4 years ago."
("Kanashii hodós Anata ga suki", Oono Aika)

Ki ga tsuitara Koishi katta
kanashii nyuusu
afureru machi de.
Anata no koe ga kike nai hay wa.
Watashi no Subete ga tomaru!
Kanashii Hoto Anata ga suki de
Koishi sugiro to Naze na no.
Konnan mo surushii...
Yuuki wo motte atarashii Sekai no
tobira ake hanatou.
Anata ga watashi no kokoro wo!
Asayake ni someta.
Sound, I'll make it with you.

