A giant wall rises up and blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
Today we have an idea that reverses its meaning!
We are looking for a missing child with some messages!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(Kogoro) Mmm....
Tsunamis cause accidents and catastrophes,
drought causes forest fires in the mountains.
and then the usual earthquakes...
What a nerve.
The day you least expect it, there will be a meteor shower and everything.
Yes.
It seems that the Earth is dangerous.
Well, even if yours truly is the famous detective Kogoro Mouri,
natural disasters are beyond me, really.
(Think) "You go ahead and say,
"But you wouldn't even be able to stop a fight in a kindergarten."
Oh!
Azusa, thank you... so much!
What, a day off with the family?
No.
I have work today.
Then I have to find out how the balls got lost
the balls of a new patxinko hall that has opened in the neighborhood.
In the evening, I have a meeting for a drink.
And in the evening, mahjong session.
My God, I'm so mad!
Caram, too bad...
No, don't worry.
Don't mind me, please.
Azusa, girl, who worries you anything?
Oh!
How did you know... that I'm worried about something?
Say.
"Let's see, you implied it yourself."
Look, it's... it's about that.
What's got you so distressed?
FOLLOWING UP ON THE FISH'S MESSAGE.
A cell phone?
Hey, don't tell me we're going to have complications again...
with cell phones left behind by customers.
No, you're wrong.
This one's mine.
So what's the problem?
Do you get any suspicious messages on a regular basis?
No.
It's about a message, but it's not a joke.
The person sending it to me is a 5-year-old boy named Mitsuru Osabe.
A kid?
He started coming to the cafeteria 2 or 3 months ago.
Welcome!
"He was a regular customer and always came with his father."
Hello, Azusa!
"That boy's mother went back to her parents' house...
"And he hasn't shown up at home since."
"The thing is, he started sending me messages...
"on his father's phone."
"He would text me things like, 'I ate everything and left nothing on my plate.
"Or 'Today I took a bath by myself'."
"Every day he would send me trivial things that had been happening to him."
Then, explain that to his father....
and ask him to stop the child from sending messages.
No, I don't mean to say that it bothers me to receive them,
but it's just that today I received 4 messages from that boy.
4 messages?
Yes.
But what they say has left me a bit worried.
In the first one he says:
"Azusa, how are you? I went for a walk with my dad today."
"He bought me a stool and a cap."
"Like everyone else in du, I'll wear it too."
The second message:
"As I am drenched in sweat and feel sick.
"I've taken off my shoes."
I don't know if you can sweat so much that you have to take off your shoes.
"I'm hungry. I see a restaurant sign."
"I'd really like to have one of your hamburgers."
On the third, he says:
"A man with black glasses...
"And a lady dressed in blue are looking at me, but I'm not afraid."
"I won't cry."
He won't cry?
Maybe he's in a dangerous situation.
I don't know.
And then, in the room she says:
"Maybe it will happen to me like the fish, that I will die caught in a net."
That he will die?!
Tell me, did you send him any message?
Yes..., I've sent him several, asking him where he was, what he was... doing,
and things like that, but he hasn't answered any of them...
Maybe he doesn't know how to look at messages....

Although the child knows how to send messages, he doesn't know how to receive them?
Yes, he does.
One time he told me a message that if I sent them a
just when he received his, it would reach him,
but that it was always his father, who opened them.
I mean, he must not have taught her how to open the messages...
to avoid encountering unwanted messages
that have an inappropriate tone.
Does this mean that now that child is not... with his father?
Now that you mention it,
the second message said he was starving.
Maybe the poor child has been alone for a long time.
What time did he get that message?
Yes.
Let's see...
The first message..., at 7 minutes past 9 in the morning;
the second, at 10:16 minutes past 10;
the third, at 11:54 minutes past 11;
and the fourth I received just now, at 2 minutes past 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
It has been quite a while since the first one.
Mitsuru must be particularly tired by now, perhaps?
Coi of irresponsible father? What is he doing?
How can he think of leaving a child alone?
We do not know what his father should do,
but it's likely that the two of them have gone fishing.
You jerk!
To the message in which he said he would die
"Like a fish tangled in a net, he wouldn't say such nonsense as this!"
"One does not meet amateurs with fishing rods
where there are fishermen working with nets!
I have thought that too!
But the first and second message did talk about going fishing!
"It seems that all the people I had around me were wearing caps."
"And that that the feet were full of sweat.
"It's because there is no suitable footwear for children.
"And it's very likely that he was wearing long-legged rubber boots."
"And if we add the cap, the high boots and the dugout, what do we have?"
Hmm...
But if that were the case, the fishermen around him?
You're right.
If a small creature had to spend that much time alone,
someone would worry about him.
They would what?
Conan, speak.
Ah, but surely they...
They what?
That the fishermen must have been so focused on fishing...
that they didn't even notice that the boy was there...
Listen, I repeat that this would not be normal at all!
But surely that child's neck was hurting, wasn't it?
What do you mean?
What't'empatolles?
It is that the first message said that everyone was wearing a cap.
"And the second, that he had seen the sign of a restaurant."
"In the third, a man with sunglasses looked at Mitsuru...
"And a lady dressed in blue."
"The whole time he's been looking up, see?"
Mr. Kogoro, if you were a child you would understand.
For a child that is very difficult.
Repellent, you talk to us as if you were an adult....
who's turned back into a brat.
Ah... It was just an example.
Father, it's possible that child is in a car.
In a car?
I mean, it's not that he's looking up all the time,
but that it is impossible for him to look down.
Of course it is!
Inside a car!
If you were to write messages in the back seat, the car door would not allow you to see anything from the middle down,
the car door wouldn't allow him to see anything from the middle down
when people passed by.
"That is, the people looking at him, according to the third message,
"Couldn't they be some fishermen who were worried
"About seeing in Mitsuru sun all the time?"
"Since from inside the car I couldn't feel them..."
It would make sense.
After arriving at the fishing spot,
his father has left his son's side for some reason.
and the boy, who has been waiting in the car for a long time,
sent a few messages to Azusa to distract himself a bit,
but he soon got tired.
But why did his father leave him?
Let's see, if he hasn't come back...
Eh?
This is it!
This... this is yesterday's diary.
"If he suffered a blow from the sea, the same thing could have happened to him."
And did you call him?
Have you tried calling his cell phone?
Yes, I've tried, but he hasn't picked it up!
Maybe he is in a place where there is no coverage.
It could be that after sending the messages,
her father told her to turn her cell phone off...
to save the battery.
Tell me, Azusa.
Do you know if the father and son were in the habit of going fishing...

to any specific place?
No, I don't know so many things.
Ah!
Silly!
Now I fall!
"I don't remember when, but one day,
"While they were looking at a magazine we got in the cafeteria,
"Her father said 'let's go here' and made a sign to the page."
-Yes, I'll take it to him right away.
-Take it away, hurry.
(Thinking) "I don't like this, it's been six hours already."
"What happened?"
"Besides, what I don't understand is the fourth message:
" 'Maybe it will happen to me like the fish, that I will die caught in a net.'"
"Would it be some fisherman passing by with a fish in a net.
"Near where he was in Mitsuru?"
"No, the normal thing would be to carry the fish in a cooler."
"If so,
"How can it be understood that in Mitsuru he used this expression?"
What?
That there are 4 pages marked?
Yes, I'm absolutely sure it was this magazine,
but sometimes there are other customers who also mark some pages.
Let's see, the first place is Nakaarai;
second place is Kusaratsu...
and, let's see, the third place is Komaezaki, wow.
They are quite far from each other.
Take a look!
Here they recommend guesthouses.
Since today is Saturday,
maybe they were planning to spend the night away from home.
(Woman) We don't have any reservations from these people.
(Kogoro: telephone) "OK."
"Specifically, can you tell me if there are many fishermen to the guesthouse today?"
Yes.
It's windy today, but it's cloudy and it's a good day to go fishing.
"Is it windy? Is the sea choppy?"
"Has a rough sea swept away any of your clients?"
Oh... Man, now don't call the weather bad!
Stop asking these tasteless questions!
(Communication cut off)
(Man) Let me look at it... Mr. Osabe, Mr. Osabe...
I don't have any customer registered under that name.
Ah, what's the weather like?
It's raining now.
On days like this, it's easier to fish and there are quite a few people here.
Do you know if there have been any accidents due to the rain?
Eh?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No accidents.
Now it's drizzling, now for something, but we have no wind.
(Man) Do you know?
What do you tell me about this customer coi?
"But-but what happened? He looks very angry."
Because one of our customers keeps complaining that he's not catching anything.
The guy throws the hook so shallow,
the fish can see it from miles away.
Plus, we have no wind,
and it's especially easy to master the rod.
"If he wants to fish so badly, let him learn the hell out of it!"
Yes, he's right...
How did it go?
(Mobile: acoustic signal)
It can't be!
It's a message from Mitsuru!
Call him right away!
Maybe he must still have the battery connected.
(Operator) "The number you are calling is turned off or out of range."
(Operator) Oops...
(Operator) It's no use.
(Operator) It can't be.
What does the message say?
Yes.
Hey, let's see...
"I thought there was only one fish, but there are three."
"Lucky fish."
-I don't know... -I don't know...
-What does that mean?
"I thought there was only one fish"?
"Now I get it, there were actually 3 fish?"
(Think) "Think, mom..."
"Mom, why did you leave?"
"When are you coming home?"
"Has father also gone somewhere and left me behind?"
"How long will I have to wait for him to come back?"
(Kogoro) "How lucky the fish are."
(Kogoro) "How lucky are the fish"?
Let's take it one step at a time.
The only thing we know is
that this site is located in one of these 3 fishing spots.
"It's windy at Nakaarai,
"But it's cloudy and they have a calm day for fishing."
"To Kusaratsu it is drizzling, but there is no wind."
"And to Komaezaki, the third place, it's sunny and they have no wind."
Not Nakaarai?
You can catch a lot of fish there.
It looks like Kusaratsu is also fishing hard.
The only place where there is no luck is Komaezaki.
-But in Mitsuru and his father marked the page of the magazine
and decided the place where they would go last week.
-So, whatever the weather is.... -It doesn't make any difference.
Mr. Kogoro, when they say it is not windy,

you mean there's not a breath of wind blowing all day, right?
Well... that makes for a sunny day...
and the temperatures are high...
Now that you mention it, to the call earlier, the pension owner said:
"It's not windy and it's getting especially easy to master the fishing rod."
"Although now I see that it has started to blow a little wind."
Hey, Mr. Kogoro,
"If in Mitsuru was inside the car.
"And the whole time he's been looking up,"
it's possible that he saw the fish in his sleep.
It's impossible, it's impossible for fish to fly through the sky, isn't it?
Don't talk nonsense, Conan!
Fish flying?
He hasn't written anything like that, the boy!
Yes, he has.
He says:
"I thought there was only one fish, but there are three."
"How lucky are the fish."
Eh... Yes, that's true.
If he says the fish are very lucky,
it must be because they're all 3 swimming happily together.
In Mitsuru was very sad because her mother had gone away
and had not returned home.
It could be that he saw his family in those 3 fish.
But, I don't know... Nowadays, that there are flying fish....
So, maybe he went to the movies...
to see a fantasy movie with his father.
Because logically, these days we celebrate Children's Day.
The... children's day?
May 5th.
Let's see, if we're talking about children...
(At the same time) The tents of the children's day!
It is possible that in the place where it is located in Mitsuru
there are some tents hung on a pole...
"And since there is no wind,
"These carp would be hanging like dead fish."
Then it's Kusaratsu, where there is no wind!
(Kogoro) "No, he said he thought it was one fish and there were 3 of them."
"And he wrote it just when the wind started blowing..."
Komaezaki.
The boy is there!
(Mitsuru) Dad...
Dad...
"I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm so hot..."
"I feel sick... (Mitsuru) Dad... Papa..."
What?
Suffering from heat stroke?
In Mitsuru?
Yes, if a person is locked in a car for more than 6 hrs,
they can suffer from heat stroke.
By now, he/she must be suffering from severe dehydration.
Enough explanations.
Ran, have you called the Komaezaki police yet?
Yes, but they told us that there were a lot of fishermen...
and that it would be hard for them to find him.
What should I do?
This is my fault...
If I'd asked Mr. Mouri before, he'd be fine now.
Don't worry, we'll find it.
"Besides, it will be easier for us to find it.
"When the sun is lower."
(Kogoro) From here we will be able to observe the city in detail.
The question is to find the tents.
Besides, there must be 3 of them.
Although the children's day has already passed,
there are still a few left hanging.
Now the wind is blowing a little.
So the key will be to know which ones we are looking for.
Check it out!
It's amazing!
I found a giant net!
With a net like that you can catch a lot of whales for sure.
Look over there!
Piece of stock!
This is a golf course!
Just because there's a net all around the course...
doesn't mean they use it to catch whales!
It can't be!
"En Mitsuru sees the tents
"Superimposed on the netting on that course!"
That's why he wrote that message.
I see what you mean.
They must be tents that are on the edge of the golf course!
Where are they?
Where are they?
Where are they?
I've got them!
It's those!
(Kogoro) Where are you?
Mitsuru!
Answer me, please!
(Kogoro) This is the only parking lot
where you can see the two overlapping things.
I didn't expect it to be so big.
But I'm sure you'll find it here.
Look well inside the cars!
Yes!
Mitsuru!
Mitsuru!
"Now I remember that the message was about this."
"It was talking about the tents,
"the golf course netting that overlapped."
"And it's in a place where you can see the sign of that restaurant."
I have found it!
I have found it in Mitsuru!
It is useless!
It's locked!
I can't open it!
Mitsuru!
Mitsuru!
Come out!
The Poirot's Azusa!
Mitsuru!
Azusa, what are you doing here?

What's wrong?
Open up, hurry up!
But the father told me not to get out of the car.
You can get out, believe me!
Do as I ask, please, please!
Yes... Now...
Mitsuru!
It's nice out here, it's nice!
Looks like it's fine.
Looking at the view...
"Even though they've come to fish, he's left the instruments here."
"And I don't see any refrigerator. Why?"
"Could it be that the father had come for some other reason?"
Hey, how do you think he must have ended up....
the man who got into the fight?
Oh, you mean the thing that got into that fight?
Hey, you guys, where did that man who was arguing with the couple go?
-You answer me and answer me a lot!
-Who are you?
We have no idea.
But it looks like he had blood coming out of his head.
We heard an ambulance,
so he must have been taken to the hospital.
To... to the hospital?
(Man) Hey, Mitsuru!
-Mitsuru!
-Dad!
-Where did you go?
-What break!
Were you all right?
I've been waiting alone until the Poirot's Azusa came.
Yes?
Forgive me, please!
-Yes.
-Are you the Azusa of the Poirot?
The messages from Mitsuru... have worried me
and I came with Mr. Mouri.
-Ah, thank you and excuse me, please. -Hello.
-Hello.
I'll tell you, it happens that this morning...
-Do you want to party, asshole? -You want to party, asshole?
-You wretch!
What do you think you're doing?
Stop, please!
I ask you to stop, please.
Shut up!
Oh... That's too bad...
It looks like I've passed out and been in the hospital until now.
But you know, Mitsuru?
I have a present for you
to make up for you waiting.
Mom!
Mom!
Mitsuru, welcome... home.
Now I get it.
Her mother looks a lot like you.
That's why she was sending me messages!
(Kogoro) Your wife has been hospitalized for 3 months for tuberculosis?
(Kogoro) -Yes.
Since we didn't want Mitsuru to worry,
we told her that she had gone back to her parents' house.
Besides, tuberculosis is a disease that does not allow visitors.
So, since we had to be told today whether she would be discharged or not, I wanted him to see her as soon as possible,
I wanted him to see her as soon as he could...
and I tricked him by telling him we were going fishing.
"But I got a good surprise."
"When I regained consciousness,
"I found my wife looking at me with a worried face."
Of course!
And the check-up, did it go well?
I'm not going anywhere anymore.
We will always be together.
Really?
Hurray!
How nice!
Here also have returned to be 3 fish.
(Phone)
"I also want to be 3 fish again very soon..."
"Yeah, and I'll be damned."
(Kogoro) That they tried to kill him?
Even the "modus operandi" of the murder is identical.
This is no coincidence.
"Indeed, it is no coincidence."
"This novel announces its murderers."
Alert!
As long as I am with you, I will not allow anyone to murder you!
"Why... have you taken such radical measures?"
Wait!
Don't open it!
And the next Conan: "Let everyone disappear!"
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

