A giant wall rises up and blocks our way.
It will be like a giant door!
A word in red.
At the scene of the events, some attacks occur...
in the same way as in a novel.
The mystery of a suspect we do not see.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

Oh!
What... What happened?
Don't tell me that was...
"Kage"... Hikage?
(ringtone)
- (man) "Kamio, say." - This is Sasamoto... What were you sleeping?
"The writer I'm in charge of made me
"to accompany her on an outing and I came home at dawn."
- "What happened?" - It's at Hikage.
-At Hikage he appeared. "What attacked you?"
Now, as I was on my way to the station...
"I'll be right back. Don't move from where you are! I'll be there in half an hour."
Hurry up.
Kamio!
There's no doubt about it.
I told you, it would end like this.
We'll take the evidence to the police!
-Kamio! -But you mean they'll believe us? -You mean they'll believe us?
-Don't talk like that... I've got it!
Let's talk to a detective.
We can do well.
(Kogoro) They tried to assassinate you?
(Kogoro) Please, sir!
I beg you to protect us!
We know you've threatened us.
It's a man named Teiichi Hikage.
He was a member of our detective novel club
at the university.
How do you know he's the suspect?
About half a month ago..,
a manuscript arrived from Hikage at my publisher's office.
-A manuscript? -Of a novel.
It's about a murderer who eliminates his youthful companions...
one by one, with prior warning.
(Thinks) "A novel in which he eliminates them with prior warning?"
LET EVERYONE disappear!
If I had touched it it would have been terrible.
No doubt about it.
She would have gone to the other neighborhood.
But that of putting "kage" with red paint....
(laughs) That's just being creepy.
Hikage has always been like that, since his university days.
The novels, I used to write them on the computer,
"But on the cover, I always put the title.
"In bold red letters."
- "And, besides, he always wore sunglasses and long hair."
"I'm sure it was him."
You told me that half a year ago
you received that novel by Mr. Hikage in question, didn't you?
In the detective novel club, there were 10 of us.
"But there were 4 of us who were especially active."
"In Sasamoto and I, in Takeshi Nezu, and lastly, in Hikage."
"But... after graduating us.
"We barely had a chance to meet..."
"Suddenly, half a year ago, and that manuscript arrives...
"At the detective novel publishing house where I work."
"That novel titled 'Let Everyone Disappear,
"But it was far from what you'd call a detective novel."
"There was no plot, no mystery."
"It was the story of the revenge of a resentful protagonist
"Who murders one for a 3 college buddies."
And then, besides the content,
what I found most incomprehensible
were the names of the characters who were killed.
Takeshi Nezu, Toshiyuki Kamio, Yasutaro Sasamoto....
That is, our names, sir!
(Kamio) "It was the day before yesterday that I understood...
"The true meaning of that extravagant novel."
(Kogoro) "The day before yesterday?"
(Kamio) "The night before yesterday, they found in Beika Park...
"The lifeless body of a man
"who had been stabbed in the back with a bladed weapon."
"The victim of the murder was Takeshi Nezu,
"one of our club members."
And inside the novel that in Hikage sent,
in Takeshi Nezu also died...
stabbed in the back one night, in Beika Park.
(Kogoro) Let me read this novel it says?
Now I understand it.
Even the "modus operandi" of the murder is identical.

This is no coincidence.
"Indeed, it is no coincidence."
"This novel announces the murdered..."
"But it's all a bit strange."
(Kogoro) Regarding Mr. Nezu,
we find written in great detail
the method of committing the murder,
but as for the murders of the two of you,
neither a place nor a specific "modus operandi" is specified.
"Yes, that's true."
This makes it even more sinister...!
How and in what manner do you intend to attack us?
It says here that the motive of revenge was that to the past,
you all criticized very harshly
a novel he had written.
-Is it true? -Yes, this is quite true, sir.
-It's true... Do you remember? -Yes, we do.
It's impossible that nowadays
such circumstances would arise, man.
Yes.
And the plot lacks freshness.
Everything is written in the same style and you overload the sensitive vein.
You're an exaggerator.
Basically, there's no one who believes it.
But sooner or later, we all had to receive!
Hikage also denigrated you
by telling you that your works were crap.
But, Kamio, what do you find so interesting about this thing?
I thought it was pretty good.
Open your head halfway and wash these neurons well.
You can't even talk about this crap.
If we all received from all sides,
why should I avenge 10 years after graduating mobile!
(Think) "He's right. Why just now?"
Have you seen Mr. Hikage lately?
No, we haven't seen him.
But, well...
We were convinced that he was long dead.
That he was dead?
"Three years ago, the Hikage suddenly disappeared...
"Without a trace."
"He said he was going to the mountain alone..."
and, as far as we know, he never came back.
Therefore, we were convinced...
that he had suffered an accident and was dead.
But he was alive!
"A person that everyone thought had died 3 years ago,
"suddenly shows up to start killing for revenge?
(Girl) Mr. Kamio!
-A package has arrived for you! -A package?
What, did you win a literary prize?
But I hadn't submitted anything to any contest...
No, it must be what I think!
Wait, wait!
Don't open it!
(shouting)
- (man) Help! - (man) A bomb!
(Ambulance: siren)
(Kogoro) Not bad, it's gone from a hair's breadth.
It could have been worse.
It seems that the amount of explosive that was there was scarce.
The killer must have made a mistake.
"He didn't know how to put enough explosives?"
"Was it a mistake? Or something else?"
I think we can confirm the thesis that this is Mr. Hikage's work.
We found this... the package bomb.
It was Hikage!
To be honest with you, this hasn't been made public yet, but....
"We found it under the corpse of Mr. Takeshi Nezu."
Eh?
Anyway, it would be best...
Kamio-san to stay hidden in this hospital room.
I will stay close to him and protect him.
I've already talked to his editor-in-chief
and he's given the go-ahead for me to work in this room.
Very well.
Mr. Sasamoto is a sales agent.
I guess he has to go out on the street by force.
Mr. Mouri and I will take care of protecting him.
Yes, please.
I'd appreciate it.
Well, in your case...
I'll go... You'll come back from farting at home!
"I knew you'd tell me."
Well, sir..., thank you very much and... sorry for the inconvenience.
We'll have to split up
to find Mr. Teiichi Hikage's hideout.
It would be good if we could find out where he might be hiding.
(thinks) "If I stay here and don't move away from the door at all..."
- (thump) - (woman) Ayyyy!
Madam!
-Oh, that's too bad... Are you all right?
My back...
Alert!
(woman) Stop!
At Hikage!
It's at Hikage!
All will be well!
As long as I am with you, I will not allow anyone to murder you!
"After the explosion, a vehicle to run him over?"
"It doesn't stop for anything?"
"It's impossible."
"That car has braked once when it was approaching to run you over."
"This is incomprehensible."

"The package bomb that was sent to Mr. Kamio.
"didn't have much of an explosive charge in it."
"So, I can only interpret it as a simple threat."
"But instead, it killed Mr. Takeshi Nezu."
"Mr. Nezu's cases,
"Mr. Kamio's and Mr. Sasamoto's are all very different."
"What makes it, that the murderer's behavior has lost consistency?"
(Takagi) Good morning, gentlemen!
Ah... Good morning, Inspector.
Today I am also in your hands.
Yesterday, unfortunately we lost the vehicle,
but... I swear that next time, we'll get it.
- (mobile) -If you'll excuse me...
(Ring)
It's unknown.
Yes?
(Man) "Long time no speak. It's me."
Hikage!
"With the protection of the detective and the policeman, I can't attack you."
"I've decided I'll let it go for the time being."
"You're retiring?"
"But that doesn't mean I've given up."
"I'll wait for a chance and one day I'll kill you."
- (hangs up) -But why?
Hikage!
Hikage!
(Kamio) Excuse me.
(Kogoro) Sir Kamio!
I received a call from Hikage.
So have I.
I'll be right there.
I'm calmer now, it seems... he's given up.
-But we can't leave things like this!
Of course we can't!
Mr. Teiichi Hikage has committed murder.
-We've got to catch her any way we can.
(Pip)
Takagi, say.
Yes?
You're serious?
Yes, I agree.
Thanks for the effort.
What have we got?
We haven't been able to find Mr. Teiichi Hikage's hideout.
Since he disappeared 3 years ago,
he hasn't contacted anyone around him.
Casum dena!
Maybe he wrote something about his hiding place on these slips of paper!
If the motive was a fact from the past, maybe we'll find some clue.....
to the novel he wrote when he was in college.
The one she wrote in college...
You have it?
I have all of our club's publications at home.
"The works of Hikage are also there."
Mr. Mouri, how are you, with your work?
Mmmm... I don't see anything to give us a clue.
There's nothing in this one either.
"I'm familiar with this way of writing!"
"I knew it!"
"But if it's true, why did he do it?"
"Why... did you... take such... radical measures?"
It was a waste of time.
-Perhaps he thought that by announcing that he was letting it go,
we'd let our guard down and he might strike again.
If we don't hurry to find Mr. Teiichi Hikage...
Today I have to go see the writer in my charge.
Understood.
I'll go with you.
(Inspector Takagi... But..., Conan!
What kind of person was Mr. Takeshi the one who was killed?
Eh?
Mmm... This is not to be said out loud...
You can tell the man didn't have very good press.
There were a lot of people pissed off
because he hadn't returned the money the victim had asked for.
"Money?"
(Phone: man) "Mr. Nezu? With me?"
(Takagi voice) Yes, he talked to you about some money?
"Now that you mention it,"
he told me that he now had a source of income,
but the thing gave me a bad feeling.
With what happened 3 years ago, it was not to be trusted.
(Thinking) "Now 3 years ago?"
"When did Mr. Hikage disappear?"
(Woman) Despite appearances,
Mr. Hikage was a serious and persevering person.
He always said he would be a professional writer
and would never stop writing.
But it seems that in the end it went badly for him.
Badly, you say?
That was 2 or 3 days before he disappeared.
He burned the novel he had written in front of the apartments.
He did it with tears in his eyes in front of his friend.
His friend?
That gentleman, he comes out of this photo?
Ah..., it was this man.
(Kamio) A botched job?
This masterpiece?
-Yes, that's what he told me.
That the work would have no way out.
These 7 years of effort have been for nothing.
(Woman) "And it was shortly after, that it disappeared."
"That's why I thought that I had lost hope
"And that it was necessary to go to commit suicide in the mountain."
"Was that what it was about?"
Eh?
Did I ask you to come?
-Yes, he said he had already solved the mystery.

But, man, what do you want me to solve?
If this time we don't have anything that can be described as mysterious?
Oooh!
Mr. Mouri?
Oh, it's started!
-The Sleeping Kogoro? -(Kogoro voice)
(Kogoro voice) A reproach from the past.
This is the backdrop we encounter in this case.
Why are you repeating something we already know?
Mr. Hikage himself, the murderer,
explains it all, perfectly to his novel...
Mr. Hikage has no involvement in this case.
How... how can he not?
Mr. Mouri, what do you mean by this?
It seems that after graduating from university,
Mr. Hikage dreamed of being a professional writer
and kept writing mystery novels without slacking off for a moment.
This, we already know.
But he had a hard time because he couldn't write anything good enough.
Still, 3 years ago, he did have faith in his work....
Mr. Hikage was finally able to finish his masterpiece.
He took it, and you, who had been a former colleague of his...
and who was working as an editor
to a magazine specializing in detective novels..,
received your friend's work to the editorial office, did I get it right?
Kamio, really?
You have good eyesight and just by reading it you understood.
It was a flawless masterpiece...
"But, on the other hand, you..."
Kamio, what do you think?
You can't even talk about this crap.
"You probably did it... to get back at Mr. Hikage...
"Because he had rejected his work in the same way."
So he used the same terms
and brought down Mr. Hikage, who took his own life.
This is impossible!
Now, both in Kamio and I are in danger....
because the Hikage wants us dead, remember?
-Clear. -Oi?
When Mr. Hikage disappeared,
Kamio-san knew how the story ended.
He had brought her down and knew that, perhaps, he had driven her to suicide.
Throughout these three years,
he must have suffered for the mistake he made,
and, at the same time, she has tried with all her might to forget it.
But about half a year ago, Mr. Takeshi Nezu,
one of his former colleagues,
came to him and blackmailed him.
(Boy) "You caused Hikage's death 3 years ago, didn't you?"
Ha-ha-ha!
Perfect!
I know how the whole story went.
Look, it just so happens that I need some money now.
"Surely, for you, money was no problem at all..."
"You just couldn't stand..."
that there was someone who knew of a bitter past that he wanted to forget.
It crossed your mind
to eliminate Mr. Takeshi Nezu from this world.
But if he killed just like that,
suspicion would surely fall on you.
So you invented a murderer
and made it look like it was all Mr. Hikage's doing.
As a motive for the murders,
you thought to establish the theory of reproach
for an intemperate criticism of your work
when you were in college.
However, in the past,
Hikage was not the only one to receive such destructive criticism.
"If we are talking about revenge motives, you should also look for criticism..."
Against you and against Mr. Sasamoto, otherwise it would seem strange.
So, in order to make...
that we would think that Hikage-san wanted to take revenge on everyone 3,
he wrote the novel "Let Everyone Disappear".
You had written it?
Then, just as he had written,
"He murdered Mr. Nezu the park one night."
"And after that, he attacked Mr. Sasamoto...
"Pretending to be Mr. Hikage."
(Sasamoto) "In Hikage has appeared."
I'll be right back, don't move from where you are!
I'll be there in half an hour.
"He pretended to receive the call when he was at home...,"
and he appeared within half an hour as if he had come from home.
"What's more, he also made it seem....
"that Mr. Hikage was making an attempt on his life,
"He took advantage of an oversight to leave the hospital room,"
"He disguised himself as Mr. Hikage...
"And wanted to ram Mr. Sasamoto with the car..."
"And then closed the curtain using a voice transformer."
"Hikage?"
If one thinks about it, then it's understandable....

that the actions of the murderer lost consistency.
Because you, whom I wanted to assassinate in the beginning,
was Mr. Takeshi Nezu.
Mr. Kamio, am I right?
You can't be...
Mr. Mouri, these are deductions.
You... don't have any proof.
Mr. Sasamoto remembered well.
"Yesterday morning, the top blinker of the cab you were riding in...
"was still blinking."
"And the cab driver also remembers a strange customer...
"Who got into your car just to go a few meters."
(Kamio) "They have no witnesses!"
Ya, you can say it was someone who looked like him, but that's not all.
Ah, yes, this man!
Of course he is!
He was so calm.
"When he wrote the word with red paint...
"Defect was something left on the soles of his shoes..."
Mr. Kamio, would it do you any good to show us the soles of your shoes?
Kamio.
When?
How did you find out that I was the murderer..., Mr. Mouri?
From that novel.
The one called "Let Everyone Disappear".
I realized that the person who had written it
was not Mr. Teiichi Hikage, but that you had written it.
From the style, from the way of writing...
From the style?
"That novel had a distinctly different style
"from the novels Hikage had written in the past."
"In Mr. Hikage's novels,
"punctuation marks appear askew and straight...
"to reflect the emotions of the characters."
"But in that novel
"not a single one of those punctuation marks was visible."
"At no time were ellipses used...
"And all signs were replaced by vertical bars."
Exactly the same as in the novels you wrote a long time ago.
"The manias at the time of writing hardly disappear..."
no matter how many years go by.
Because when you write you hold on
to one's own peculiarities when expressing oneself.
Mr. Kamio, know that you cannot run away.
So that human beings tend to get loose with these things.
Kamio.
We tend to get loose with these things.
I'll go wash my face.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
A death threat!
It's here!
Put "kage" in red!
It's here, look!
Look!
Help me, Conan!
Call the police, please!
"Ah... that's your drool. Don't you see?"
But this is a bore.
One day we come, and it turns out they won't shoot anything?
(Engine: accelerates)
(Wheels: squeak)
Eh?
Have they already started?
"Eh? The seat belt's not all the way out."
"This could be..."
And the next Conan: "An extremely dangerous scene."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa,
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

