A giant wall rises up and blocks our way.
It will be like a giant door!
Very good, specialist, that was impressive!
Behind a spectacular scene glimpses a sad case.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

Masked Yaiba!
I won't let you!
You will not escape!
(Wheels: squeaking)
Now you'll see!
Yaiba!
What?
AN EXTREMELY DANGEROUS SCENE
(Boy) No way!
Don't even think about it, that!
We can't adopt this plan of action in any way!
It's too dangerous!
I think so too.
Who the hell is talking to you?
Shut up, you brats!
It's obviously dangerous...
If I had to do another specialist.
But I can do it.
I've done dangerous action scenes like this a bunch of times.
Right, Kijima?
Yes, you're right, it's true... But...
Kijima, let's do it without cutting the scene.
There's no cat in the bag here.
Do the whole chase
all the way to the fall of the car in one take.
Hey, if we shoot it from below,
it won't show you jumping out of the moving car.
Still...
Rikiishi, in the current situation no longer....
I thank you very much...
I can't believe we get to watch
how they film an episode of Yaiba the Masked!
-The doctor is the best! -Yes, he has a lot of influences!
"Deus mean 'influences'!"
Look, they gave me a good handful of Yaiba the Masked stickers!
And, what's more, I don't have a repeat of any of these!
-Really? - (man: shouting) What did you say?
What do you mean by this "no more"?
What do you mean by this "no more"?
Say it to my face!
-What happened? -They're arguing.
A fight?
Nowadays, with digital effects,
we can create as many dangerous scenes as we want,
and with much more force than shooting the picture with specialists.
What are you saying?
That nowadays specialists are worthless junk?
No, we don't mean this.
"The vehicle carrying the Joker Monster.
"drives up to the rooftop parking lot."
"This first vehicle comes to a standstill."
"Let's say this is vehicle A."
"Then, there is a vehicle B that is unoccupied.
"It is directed with a remote control."
"This vehicle B replaces vehicle A that the Monster was driving,
"It drives towards the guard rail and jumps over the fence."
"Logically, since the scene will be shot from below,
"This change of vehicle will not be reflected on the screen."
"After that, we just have to adjust it digitally."
I think structuring the scene like that is more than enough.
(thinks) "What the fuck..."
Steering wheel, right.
Brakes, right.
Well, I guess that's clear to you.
Decide whether you'll do it or not, we're in a hurry.
Switch!
Kijima, you're more than finished.
Now you do as you're told like a maid?
What did you say?
- (boy) Stop it, please!
We have already closed the action plan.
And the producer has also given us the go-ahead.
Now we will start!
I leave everything to you.
Are you sure?
You know you'll regret it.
When you attack the bad guys with the Yaiba kick it's amazing!
(Genta) Yes, it's great.
(Megaphone: boy) "Okay, attention everybody."
"We'll have to cut the lunch break short to shoot the next scene,
"So stay tuned for when we get going."
I find that gentleman a bit off-putting.
I'm sure he'll get a beating in Yaiba that'll leave him flat on his back.
All right, that's his name!
"Come on, please... I hope you're talking about the series..."
But, this is a bore.
One day we come, and it turns out they won't shoot anything?

Genta, it is the midday break, it is normal that they are not shooting.
What do you think, do you also want to go for a bite to eat?
Eh, now that you mention it...
(Boy) Is there anyone who does not have the lunch box?
(Guts: snoring)
-My belly is rumbling. Genta, you're always the same.
If that you react quickly.
It has.
Really you have enough with my autograph?
Yes, thank you very much!
Ha-ha-ha!
What's that?
Where did Genta and Mitsuhiko get to?
It's so cool!
They're identical even in the license plate.
-Swap these two cars on the roof,
they'll move this one from here with a remote control
and make it fall into the void.
I'm so... so excited!
Very nice!
This, as a souvenir!
Surprise!
No, Genta!
This is not right!
But what are you doing?
-Marrecs!
What are you doing here?
He-he-he-he-he!
No, we weren't doing anything.
-Weren't we? -Yes...
(At the same time) Excuse me, please.
Surprise!
(Genta) Surprise!
(Genta) Surprise!
-Grrrrrr! -Aaaaaah!
(Shouting)
Do a good job.
(Genta) Excuse me.
Fukamachi!
Don't bullshit me!
-I heard what you were saying! -I didn't say anything like that!
Those two are at each other's throats again?
I don't know if they'll finish the filming without coming to blows.
Something worries me.
Rikiishi!
(Wheels: squeaking)
What's that?
Have they already started?
Please! Please! Please!
Somebody stop him!
He has set out to prove that he can make the plan of action he wanted!
-Rikiishi! -No..., it can't be!
That's why... that's why I was telling him not to do it!
What was all that noise?
What-what-what happened?
(Thinking) "Eh?"
"The seat belt isn't all the way out."
"That means that on that rooftop, just before the fence burst,
"He couldn't get out of the vehicle
"And that this could all be an accident."
What's wrong?
"This could be..."
Excuse me, sir... Eh?
You've got it all on tape now, right?
Can you show us?
"I knew it."
(Sirens)
"Wrong! I have to check it too."
-Wait, Conan! -Hey, Conan!
Where are you going?
-Of course!
He wants us to go forward again! -We'll go too.
Yes!
Wait, children!
What are you doing?
"Eh? This is..."
(Genta) Conan, what's going on?
This is no accident.
This is a carefully planned murder.
- (at once) How? -What?
(Takagi) What did you say?
(Takagi) The victim is Mr. Kengo Rikiishi,
a 38-year-old stuntman.
The cause of death was the impact of the fall.
Yes.
(Takagi) At the moment the vehicle hit the ground,
he suffered contusions all over his body.
He died instantly.
Anyway, he wanted a person to drive a vehicle...
to make him fall into the void from that height,
that's a dangerous way to make a shooting dangerous.
You're wrong, inspector!
I wouldn't ask anyone to shoot a scene like this!
What do you mean by that? What he feels.
That Rikiishi insisted on doing it like this!
It was him, who wanted to shoot it.
And he failed...
It wasn't the scene we were going to shoot..,
it was just a rehearsal for the final scene.
Now I don't understand them.
And why did Mr. Rikiishi want to do it until the end?
He was very nervous.
Nervous, you say?
Why was he nervous? -Well, I understand that he was.
Every day young people arrive very well prepared.
Even I would be dying of disgust
if I had insisted on dedicating myself only to cinema.
I didn't tell him I didn't want to shoot this dangerous scene.
In productions like this, such scenes are a must.
But with the advance of digital technology,
you don't have to shoot the dangerous scenes the way you used to.
But there are people who like to waste the money in the box.
What can I say!
The producer is in charge of the administration.
I understand that you are going to do and undo
because at Rikiishi you will keep the job
even though the producer was determined to send him away.
Are you sure?
You know you'll regret it.
Let go of me!
Well, be that as it may..., he was a nervous wreck,
because his job was only hanging on by a thread.

I guess that would be it.
Kijima, you talk as if you know the story in detail.
Aren't you supposed to be the one who's nervous...
because you can't wait for the producer to take you for a ride?
Did you make any machinations to avoid it?
It seems that in Rikiishi knew something.
-Are you insinuating that I was subjected to what I said
or what that man said or didn't say to me?
Don't you remember that he found out that you weren't doing your job well
and punched you in the face?
Please stop.
I beg you not to fight at a time like this.
Come to think of it, you're getting slapped, too, at Rikiishi.
-And whenever we met to drink together
you kept moaning and saying you'd kill him.
So much for that!
Are you insinuating that I've done something to harm him?
Inspector, I beg you to set the record straight.
This is supposed to be an accident!
Yes, it is.
But we'll arrange for an expert to examine all of this
to check if they had checked the car properly.
They can't possibly find anything wrong!
-The inspection was impeccable! -But you have a cell phone.
Maybe so, but you have one too!
However, we must say...
there's a good chance it was an accident.
You see?
It's logical.
(Kudo voice) Doctor, we'll figure it out.
(Kudo's voice) Eh?
(Agasa voice) Oh.
(Agasa voice) Wait a minute!
Uh, this... About it... Uh... (Agasa voice)
(Agasa voice) This is a murder under the guise of an accident.
(Agasa voice) What?
As you say?
What... what proof do you have?
Please calm down, gentlemen.
Although we must clarify something.
What was Mr. Rikiishi's temperament like?
His temperament?
For example, the more he was told that the scene was dangerous..,
the more he would want to do it.
He was like that, wasn't he? Yes, he had always been like that.
We had already met some times that it was he himself
who asked for this kind of scenes.
He was obsessed with the work.
Naturally, when you have to do this kind of thing,
you need extensive preparation and training.
And if there is someone capable of doing it,
these are the top professionals.
Mr. Rikiishi? He was one of the best.
Yes.
At least, when he was young...
Lately, perhaps he had become more careless with his work.
What if I told you that the killer has taken advantage of this?
What do you mean by that?
Mr. Fukamachi, before the accident,
Mr. Rikiishi was telling you something, wasn't he?
"I've already explained it to him."
"He was saying that he would show me what a real action scene looked like.
"And then there was no way to stop it."
The opposite happened.
The opposite?
I mean, this is not what Mr. Rikiishi said;
it was you who made him a proposal.
For example, he will have said to you:
"I am against it being carried out like this,
"But depending on how you execute the scene, maybe I will accept your proposal."
You have instigated it.
This is absurd!
Are you saying that it was me who wanted to murder him?
That's right, Mr. Fukamachi.
You murdered her!
Dr. Agasa!
Even if he instigated her to react that way,
the fact is that Mr. Rikiishi was the one who was driving the car
and who failed to rehearse the scene!
There was no murder here!
You are right...
That's why, Mr. Fukamachi, you have added fuel to the fire.
You told him that inside vehicle A
"There were no explosives to blow up the car."
"That's why it didn't make any sense for Mr. Rikiishi to shoot the scene...
"In that same car."
"And that he wouldn't even think of doing it."
When he said these words to him,
Mr. Rikiishi has made an even firmer decision.
"When he arrived on the rooftop, he quickly climbed into the B car,
"which did have the explosive charge ready,
"and set out to make the final scene."
"I wanted to show him what I was capable of."
What?
Does this mean that's the car B we had stored on the roof?
You're wrong!
This car has no explosive charge in it!
It's car A!
I'm getting a fatter and fatter tangle.
-Me too.
In-No, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'm sure at that moment...

Hey, Takagi, check the vehicle on the roof just in case.
Inspector!
I've found it.
"Indeed, this one on the rooftop is vehicle B!"
That is to say, Mr. Rikiishi must not have changed cars,
but continued the scene with the same vehicle,
failed and went over the edge.
Indeed, it is an accident.
Calm down, do not want to venture conclusions.
What do you remember how you found Mr. Rikiishi
after the accident?
If you have the photographs taken by the forensic experts, we will see.
Conan! Yes!
I knew it.
This is it.
This one here.
"It's the sticker of Yaiba the Masked that's stuck on Genta."
"He has pasted
"Just before the car lord took him away on the rooftop."
-Right, Genta? -Well...
There's no doubt about it.
This means that he changed cars on the roof!
Sorry, it's just that...
It's just that I hit both cars.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Don't smoke.
I mean, now we can't prove whether he switched cars or not.
It wasn't important.
What the doctor wanted you to look at was this right here.
Mr. Camera man...
Can you show us what you've recorded again, please?
Eh?
Yes...
Look at this.
The cape doesn't stick to the door.
(Agasa voice) It's incredible!
(Agasa voice) And it does not seem that the victim has not reopened the door
until he arrived on the roof.
Yes?
But... and the explosives?
We only had to change the vehicle before and everything would be solved.
But it's not very convincing evidence to prove the change of car.
Conan...
I went up on the roof right after the accident happened,
"And the hood was hot."
"As if the engine had just been turned off."
So we've got something... This doesn't make any sense!
So much for it being hot!
But this.... This is a hypothesis.
Even if I had instigated it
and he would have changed vehicles on the roof,
I don't even need to say that the person who got into the car...
and couldn't get out in time before falling off the roof... was him.
Why?
Because of a lack of skill?
I wish he had hit the brakes before bursting the fence.
But he wasn't even able to do that, the answer is obvious.
It is quite true.
(Agasa voice) No, that jumping out of the car or stepping on the brakes,
it was practically impossible for him to do.
Doctor, I don't understand what you mean.
I would like you to remind us.
What kind of car was vehicle B that was parked on the roof?
Apart from knowing that it was carrying the explosives to detonate in a vacuum.
The remote control?
Where is the remote control right now?
Well...
This is it, isn't it?
He'd left it for a moment
because he said he wanted to check if it was working properly.
If we use this remote,
we will be able to know which is vehicle A and which is vehicle B.
(CLEC)
(Engine: clunking noise)
(CLEC) What is this?
-It seems to be plorant. -Yes, it does.
Poor thing...
A loan had to be paid!
And I put my hand in the production budget without wanting to.
He found out about everything and threatened me.
And then he has played with Mr. Rikiishi's psychology
and used it to plan his murder.
"Mr. Rikiishi has left the vehicle A that he was driving.
"On the rooftop of the parking garage building.
"And when you had calculated that it would already be inside vehicle B,
"you activated the remote control,
"You controlled the vehicle..."
"Then the brakes didn't work,
"He couldn't open the door either, and he fell out."
"If it was ruled that the accident had been caused
"By an unsuccessful maneuver of in Rikiishi
"And that the vehicle that had gone over the edge was the A,
he could rest easy...
"And return the remote control of the vehicle to Mr. Nishiwaki,
"Looking like he hadn't broken a dish."
This was exactly what I had thought, wasn't it?
I can't eat anymore.
Yaiba, I'm so glad you're doing...
This is not done, Genta.
You put stickers everywhere.
My deduction was worthless...
He-he... You can say.
"Mr. Yamamoto's death, a suicide?"
"We're still missing something."

"Something that has passed me by."
(Gunshot)
"What will it be?"
And the next Conan: "The Last Bite."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

