A giant wall rises up and blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes it will be like a giant door!
Open your mouth wide to make a bite.
What implication can a childish gesture like this have on a case?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

(Shot)
THE LAST BITE
Mr. Mouri, eagerness!
Can't you run any faster?
I can't go any faster.
Mrs. Nitta, couldn't you lose some weight?
Oh... What did you say?
My hearing aid must have broken.
(Nitta) The one in the back!
It's the apartment in the back!
(thinks) "A modified gun?"
He's a super-famous detective,
you'll see how he'll solve the case in no time.
(Coughs)
-Are you cold? -No, I'm fine.
They say doctors don't take care of their health,
but you should take care.
What a thing to say.
I'm not a doctor.
I just work in a dental clinic.
Let me continue with the conversation.
Mrs. Nitta, you heard a noise,
which could be a gunshot, before 3 o'clock.
Exactly, it was three-quarters of 3.
When I got up after my nap as usual,
Suzuki, this girl, came home.
Bread crust?
Yes.
It's just that I made some sandwiches today.
And, of course, I remembered...
that you used to like to feed the carp in the pond.
Thank you very much.
Now I was going to feed them.
Thank you very much.
You're not going to the clinic today?
Today they have given me a holiday.
Do you want to have tea together later?
-I'll be back shortly after 3:00.
This noise came from Mr. Yamamoto's apartment.
-Wasn't that a gun? -It can't be!
You're right.
In this neighborhood and in broad daylight, impossible.
I'll take this to the tents.
Good-bye. Good-bye.
"And I came back shortly after 3 o'clock."
Have you seen anything strange in the neighbor's apartment?
No, nothing at all.
Hello, Mr. Nakanishi.
Good morning to you.
It was the tenant who used to live in your apartment.
Oh!
What manners.
You don't leave your doors open!
Oh!
Ooooh!
Oooh!
Looks like a suicide note.
-I understand that Mr. Nakanishi and Mr. Yamamoto were friends.
Even if Mr. Yamamoto had committed suicide,
it's... strange that he wouldn't have called an ambulance
or called the police for his friend.
You said you saw him running away from the apartment.
That's right.
I'm sure there's something fishy going on.
No matter how many times I think about it, I keep thinking that he murdered her.
There's no doubt that we have every reason to suspect him.
I should ask Inspector Megre to come here.
(Kogoro) When I was coming back from buying a cake
that Ran had asked me to have for a snack,
I met Mrs. Nitta who was running to get the police.
and then I found myself here.
Mr. Nakanishi's note reads, "I am unable to repay the loan,
"So I am taking my own life as an apology."
But this suicide note was written by computer.
We cannot determine with certainty whether it was written by Mr. Yamamoto or not.
But, what puzzles me is....
That his childhood friend found the body and went out like lightning.
Yes.
I can't believe that what we suspected has come true.
My instinct as a former police inspector tells me so.
The killer is Mr. Nakanishi, your childhood friend.
The motive is a very common one: the loan money.
Mr. Mouri, according to the results of the examination of the body,
nothing leads us to believe that this is a murder.
The body of the deceased shows no evidence of resistance.
No resistance?
And even if the gun had been put in his mouth, there would have been fight marks on his teeth,
there would have been struggle marks on the teeth,
the lips and the inside of the mouth.

The fact that he does not have one can only lead us to think...
that the deceased has opened his mouth wide of his own free will.
Inspector, take a good look.
Mm?
It's true.
There are no signs that he put up any resistance.
But, Inspector, it's strange nonetheless.
These butterflies are called "Cynthia cardui".
And these plants here... Now is not the time to talk about that!
You're in my way here!
Run away from here and don't come back!
Inspector, we have contrasted the information...
and here are the results.
Mr. Yamamoto has a record
for illegal modification of firearms.
According to Miss Suzuki,
the victim was a person who only lived for his butterflies...
and was always complaining about things
like having the volume on the TV turned up.
Inspector, I doubt very much that a man so insensitive to his neighbors,
would suffer so much for a loan to the point of wanting to commit suicide.
Mr. Mouri, there's something we don't understand...
Miss Suzuki and the lady said that they heard the gunshot
at three quarters of three.
But they claim they saw Nakanishi shortly after 3 o'clock.
Also, if Mr. Nakanishi really is the killer,
what would he have been doing during this long quarter of an hour?
If he was the murderer, it would make sense....
he would want to flee the scene as soon as possible.
Inspector.
We have taken Mr. Nakanishi.
"I repeat!"
"I came at 3 o'clock, the time we were supposed to meet!"
"When I entered his apartment, Yamamoto was already dead on the sofa."
Very well, you have discovered the body.
And he was supposed to be your childhood friend;
so why didn't you call the police right away?
I had left Yamamoto money!
I ran away because I didn't want
to be believed that I had killed her for the money!
-Sir, we don't want any lies.
You wrapped the gun in a towel to avoid leaving fingerprints.
to avoid leaving fingerprints
"And to prevent us from detecting gunpowder on the body,
"you stuck the barrel of the gun in Mr. Yamamoto's mouth...
"At three-quarters of three, and shot him...
"To make us believe that this was a suicide."
And it turns out that two people heard the shot.
Wait, please!
And how am I supposed to have put the gun in Yamamoto's mouth?
What do you think?
That he would open his mouth and expect me to shoot him?
No, it's convincing that you simply waited for the moment...
when Mr. Yamamoto would yawn.
This guy had to live off the money
that someone else had loaned him.
Do you really think he could yawn out of boredom?
Yes, he's right about that...
(Thinking) "It's true. Mr. Nakanishi is right."
"It's impossible for him to have carried out this murder."
I'd like to ask you another question.
Tell me exactly where you were and what you were doing at three-quarters of 3,
the time Mr. Yamamoto was supposed to have died.
In the cab that took me here.
-What company was the cab from? -I don't remember!
I think it was a blue car.
It had a picture of a crane or a mouse or something.
We'll try to find it.
It's just an excuse to buy time.
That man is a tough nut to crack, eh?
But with you here, it's impossible for him to get away.
Impossible!
Mr. Mouri, now Mrs. Nitta and I will have tea.
Would you like to join us?
Very well!
We'll eat the cake I brought.
(Yamamoto) Damn you.
You haven't returned my money and you're accusing me.
"If Mr. Yamamoto's death was a suicide,
what would become of the butterflies after he took his own life?
"He had been devotedly careful."
"We are still missing something."
"Something I've missed. What could it be?"
Please, can you help me?
(Kogoro: drunk) No, you no longer give me strawberries?
Hello, Mr. Inspector!
I can't tell if you look resigned or unhappy.
But what are you saying?
It won't be long before we're out of here.
Au, get up.
What do you think you are doing?
Where the hell are you taking me?
We'll consider you a suspect until we find the cab you took!
What do you say, now!
I have nothing to do with it!

You are unable to accept what you have done, eh?
The wicked behave as such.
You'd better recognize your crime.
Ah.
AIII...
(Kogoro voice) Well, what I really wanted to say, Mr. Inspector,
was that Mr. Yamamoto's death was a murder,
and that man had nothing to do with it.
Mr. Yamamoto was murdered by pretending it was a suicide.
Pretending it was suicide?
By whom?
How can you say that?
As you have already seen for yourselves,
Mr. Yamamoto was a man who loved butterflies very much.
If he died, what would become of his butterflies?
He would think about it...
It would make sense for him to set them free before he took his own life.
And we also have the place where we found him dead.
If he shot himself sitting there,
the bullet would hit the terrarium glass after passing through him.
If he made a mistake,
he risked endangering his butterflies.
It is impossible for him to commit suicide sitting there.
Yes, it's true.
Mr. Yamamoto had called the dentist at 5:30 p.m. to say that he would not be visiting the dentist.
to say that he would not go for a visit.
That is, she was murdered between half past five 3:00 and 3:00,
when Mr. Nakanishi found the body.
Regarding this point,
we know that two people heard the gunshot at three-quarters of 3 o'clock.
But the question is by what method he was killed.
So, tell me, detective,
how did the killer get the gun in his mouth?
Mr. Yamamoto opened his mouth wide
just as his murderer asked him to.
And he opened it just because he was asked to?
A small child would still obey, but we are talking about an adult.
Mr. Yamamoto knew a person
he could have controlled to that extent.
Who is that person, if I may ask?
Listen, Mr. Inspector, if someone were to ask you to open your mouth wide...
who would you listen to without a second thought, without even hesitation?
Without a second thought?
My wife, my grandmother...
Please, can you go "aaah" for a moment? Make "aaah"...?
To the doctor? Yes, that's right.
To the doctor!
And this, above all, is requested by dentists!
So, the murderer is a dentist,
and surely this dentist has come to this apartment?
The person who came here is a person
who works in a dentist's office.
What's more, it's a person that Mr. Yamamoto knew...
and who knew that he had taken out a loan.
And who is this person?
Miss Yumi Suzuki,
you are the dentist's assistant at the Beika dental clinic
where Mr. Yamamoto often went to visit.
The subtle mark you have behind your ears,
was made by a rubber band
and you have been wearing a mask for years.
Today, you had a party at the clinic...
claiming that you had an urgent matter to solve.
You spied on Mr. Yamamoto
and found out that Mr. Nakanishi was coming today at 3:00 a.m. to pick up the money
to pick up the money he had left Yamamoto on loan.
So you decided to put into action
the plan he had preconceived in detail.
A preconceived plan?
"You moved into this block of apartments 2 months ago."
"This happened right after Mr. Yamamoto....
"Started going to visit the clinic where you work."
"The goal: to pretend it was a coincidence...
"And get close to Mr. Yamamoto."
Then, as he had set out to do, he managed to talk to him.
"You knew that Mr. Yamamoto was in the throes of a loan,
"and you used it to set up the scenario of a suicide.
"Motivated because he couldn't repay that loan."
"Today is an everyday day
"And, sure enough, shortly before five-thirty on 3,
"There aren't many people in this block of apartments."
"And we also have Mrs. Nitta,
"who probably takes off her hearing aid when she goes to take a nap."
She was due to visit the clinic today, wasn't she?
I'll be happy to do the check-up for you.
And I won't charge you anything, we're neighbors for a reason.
Will you let me in?
Sorry, I have an appointment.
Cancel the visit I had today, please.
(Metallic knock)
Ah!
Leave the coffee for later.

Don't worry, we'll be done in no time.
Come on, let's get started.
Close your eyes and relax.
Very good... Open your mouth wide.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
I'll be done soon.
(Shot)
You have recorded on tape the sound of the gunshot
at the moment you killed Mr. Yamamoto, prepared it...
"And you went to Mrs. Nitta to bring her the bread crusts."
"In this way, he would make believe...
"That the murder would have been committed in three-quarters of three...
"And that it was with Mrs. Nitta."
"In other words, an alibi would be set up."
"Then Mrs. Nitta left to feed the tents,
"And you, then you took leave of her."
"In this way, I would make it appear...
"That death would have occurred at three-quarters of three,"
and, furthermore, it would appear...
that the murder had been Mr. Nakanishi's doing,
who would find the body at 3 o'clock.
In other words, that he had faked his suicide.
That's not true!
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it!
I have no reason to want to kill Mr. Yamamoto!
Yes, you do!
Miss Suzuki, I looked into it.
Ten years ago...
your husband was in a car accident in Gifu..,
where he was born, and he's still in a coma in the hospital today.
Eh?
Gifu butterflies?
The cause of the accident was Nobuo Yamamoto.
The driver had been distracted following some butterflies
and on top of that he was drunk.
When Yamamoto happened to show up at the clinic
and found him again...
you decided to avenge your husband, am I wrong?
-Say, am I wrong? -You're wrong!
It is true that Yamamoto
took him the chance to practice as a dentist forever,
and that you destroyed his life.
But I have not killed him!
And neither had I entered his house!
Aaatxum!
I've caught a cold;
I beg your pardon.
Miss Suzuki, I'd like to tell you to take care of your cold,
but it's not the case...
What you have is not a cold.
It's pollen allergy.
Pollen allergy?
More specifically, allergy to pollen caused by Altimira.
By the Altimira?
"I put it to one of the books on this floor."
"The Altimira is the main food source of the 'Cynthya cardui',
"or thistle butterflies."
"For them it is a delicacy, but, for people...,"
this plant can cause pollen allergy.
And another thing.
Her hair shines a little.
It's probably the dust from the butterflies' wings.
Listen, Mr. Mouri.
Look, I live next door,
maybe Altimira's pollen has ended up in my house.
And maybe one day a butterfly must have escaped and gone home.
Conan, take the one I told you about.
Miss Yumi, I suppose you know what that is.
Yes, it's a dental mirror to look inside the teeth.
"We've been very insistent at Beika's dental clinic
"to let us have it for a moment."
It is an extremely specific utensil
that has the clinic's initials BDC engraved on the handle.
Among the clients who frequent the clinic, there are some who would like to have one or who would like to have one,
is there anyone who would like to have one or take one away?
No, no one.
Mr. Inspector, there is a cup of coffee under the table,
please look carefully.
It looks like an ordinary coffee to me.
What should I look for?
Inside there's a kind of metal swab,
a kind of spoon to stir it.
Can you take it out carefully, please?
Why is it here?
Why is it here?
It's impossible that someone taken from you
could take this dental mirror to this floor.
What do you plan to tell us now?
Mr. Yamamoto came to our office.
He no longer remembered what he looked like or what he said to me.
What I couldn't forgive him was that even though he promised...
that he would never drive under the influence of alcohol,
one day he came to the clinic in his car completely drunk.
He hadn't learned anything from what had happened....
And when I was thinking, I felt bad about how my husband was doing and then...
I found it completely unacceptable.
- (door slams) - (Kogoro) I have already explained it to you.
The cake hasn't arrived because a number of things have happened.
I swear I'm not telling you any lies.
Ran, my child, open up, please!
Eh?
He turned off the light!
You must have turned off the light of your patience?

"Punishment for the show earlier?"
(Think) "A suicide?"
When you lie, you always leave a clue behind.
I've already found the proof!
"But the problem is how to prove
"That he had planned to commit this crime."
"How to prove it?"
"I can't allow there to be a crime with no rhyme or reason!"
And the next Conan: "The man with a fracture as an obstacle."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

