A giant wall rises up to close in on us.
It will be like a giant door!
An object falls and changes your life.
The League of Detectives puts the brakes on a case that presents a surprise.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

(Genta) Mm!
Eels with rice!
How cool!
Genta, let's move on at once, come on, man.
Ouch... I want to eat!
Eh?
Watch out!
(Ayumi) Are you okay?
(Ayumi) Did it touch her?
(Mitsuhiko) No, I'm sure she dodged it!
She must have just lost consciousness.
Mitsuhiko! Yes.
An ambulance, right?
Inspector Takagi, what did you find out?
It seems to be an accident while handling the crane.
This means it's not a case, but an accident.
Also, now I've talked to the nurses,
and it looks like he broke his leg when he fell.
But other than that, he didn't hit his head and has no brain injuries.
The only drawback is that he is still unconscious
and I don't even know who he is, nor do I have any way of finding out his identity.
Oh, I forgot!
This bag belongs to that boy!
That's good.
Maybe we'll find something that will tell us who he is.
What's this rope doing here?
Oh, it's cut!
A rope.
Work gloves.
A wallet.
Eh?
An envelope.
"Enough of this. I've had enough of living."
A suicide note......?
So, that kid...
He wanted to use the rope to kill himself.
Daijiro Manaka, 27.
He's still in his twenties and he says he's had enough of living?
Only an old person would say such things.
(He thinks) "It's true. Besides..., what's this doing here?"
THE MAN WITH A FRACTURE AS AN OBSTACLE
Mr. Manaka, you've finally regained consciousness.
I am a policeman.
Can you tell me what all this means?
Please tell me what circumstances explain all this.
Mr. Manaka!
Manaka... Is that my name?
Oh... Pardon me...
It's no use!
I don't remember anything!
Poor guy, that boy doesn't remember who he is...
Come on, let's go!
The curaré fument give him a good punch!
-No, Genta!
Don't even think about it! Why do you want to stop me?
Now maybe he doesn't remember, but when he gets his memory back,
he might want to kill himself again!
Yes, it's true, it's true.
(He thinks) "Therefore, I have to stay very close,
"Otherwise his life will be in danger."
"Because we don't know when he will regain his memory."
I want him to get his memory back.
But if he gets it back he may want to commit suicide.
What should we do?
We'll figure it out!
Before he gets his memory back, we'll solve his problems!
What problems are you talking about?
If he has thought of committing suicide
it's because something bad happened to him.
Only that we solve his problem...
He will never think about suicide again.
All right, let's go!
Junior Detective League on the move!
(At the same time) Yes!
That boy...
Now, Conan, what's the matter?
I'm not so sure he's lost his memory.
Are you saying he's lying? - (time) Lying?
When a person is lying, you can see it on his face.
"He blinks
"Or else he dodges the gaze of others by looking away."
And he looked away... sideways.
He did it because he felt insecure!
What did you expect?
He doesn't even remember his name!
Besides, why would he need to pretend to have lost his memory?
I don't know, really.
It's not right to suspect him if you don't know anything for sure!
But there's something that doesn't quite fit me, about that boy.
When I think about it, it doesn't fit either.
What are you talking about?
At that time, the boy was heading south of Beika's district.
"What's in that direction is a residential neighborhood."
"If he was planning to commit suicide, he should look for a different environment,

"Like a mountain area where there was no one."
In residential neighborhoods there are also places where there are few people.
Maybe that's true, but...
Very good!
It seems that Conan doesn't want to help, so we'll do it on our own.
First, we'll find out what kind of problems he has in Manaka!
(At the same time) Yes!
We'll get the idea of committing suicide out of his head.
(Genta) Yes, we'll get it out of his head! Hey, wait!
I'm coming too!
(Mitsuhiko) So, in Manaka he was a painter?
(Woman) Yes, although I understand he wasn't well known at all.
(Ayumi) But he has some very nice paintings!
(Mitsuhiko) They're all simple and really fantastic.
He's a guy who takes things very seriously,
and he can spend 6 months working on a painting.
And then there's no way he can pay the rent.
Did he have money problems?
(Man) Daijiro Manaka ?!
Today you will pay us back what you owe us!
2 million yen.
I warn you, Manaka is not at home.
Xxxxt... We'll come back another day.
Lately, the only problem he has is money.
This couple comes every day to claim what he owes them.
The problem in question is a loan.
The Junior Detective League can't solve something like that.
But we can't give up just to start.
-And you didn't know anyone in Manaka who could lend you money?
He had no family.
Yes, he had an uncle.
But no matter how many times he had asked him to leave them,
he always replied that he wouldn't leave him a penny.
Her uncle doesn't have any money either?
He is a very rich man!
He's Mr. Ginbayashi.
He has a mansion in the south of Beika district.
South of Beika district.
South of Beika district.
Yes!
In that giant mansion where it says "Ginbayashi" on the door!
Besides, that man doesn't have any family left either.
It wouldn't hurt for him to be a little nicer to his nephew.
"His only relative?"
Ah... So that's what it was!"
(Genta) Mitsuhiko, what are you thinking?
I have an idea!
Have you thought of a way to help Manaka repay the loan?
-No, not yet... Then what idea do you have?
I know why Manaka was going in that direction this morning.
"Mitsuhiko, have you noticed?"
In Manaka he was going with the idea of getting to his uncle's house!
"Most likely..."
His purpose was, naturally, to make it obvious....
that he had often gone there to ask for money without success.
"That's why... he wanted to commit suicide in that house."
Of course!
"I'm sorry, Mitsuhiko, but this explanation falls short."
"The truth is something else."
-Conan, what's wrong with you? -A new current?
Wait a minute!
What?
You're back already? Yes, I was worried about something.
Your leg hurts?
Yes, when the painkillers wear off it hurts a little.
But you were lucky.
In the end you only broke your leg.
If you had broken your arm,
he wouldn't have been able to paint again until it healed.
Yes, you're right.
"This man knows he's a painter. This amnesia thing is a lie."
"When the investigator Takagi has started to ask him details,
"He's seen his duster."
"And then, almost instantly, he pretended to have lost his memory."
"Just as he has said in Mitsuhiko, it is likely that at that moment...
"He was going to his uncle, Mr. Ginbayashi's house."
"But he wasn't doing it to take his own life.
"He was doing it to murder Mr. Ginbayashi...
"by making it look like he had committed suicide."
"And then, those gloves were so as not to leave fingerprints."
"In this case, the words in the suicide note would make sense."
(Takagi) "Enough. I've had enough of living."
"These things would only be said by an old person."
"If Mr. Ginbayashi died, his inheritance would go...
"In the hands of his only remaining blood relative..."
"Surely, that's what he was looking for."
"But the problem is how to prove that he had planned this crime."
"How to prove it?"
(Mitsuhiko) Conan!
We've been looking for you.
How do you disappear all of a sudden?
Hey, Mitsuhiko... Say.
Let's say a murder was planned here.
A person's life would be at stake.
But nothing has happened yet.
It will happen from now on.
That's why we have no proof.

How do you corner a murderer in a situation like this?
There is no need to corner him!
Nothing has happened yet,
the only thing we have to do is to prevent it from happening now!
Yes, you're absolutely right.
-Conan, were you here? -We're looking for you!
Listen, we'll all go together...
to Mr. Ginbayashi's house to ask for it!
If that gentleman helps her with his money,
I'm convinced that in Manaka he'll stop playing the fool!
This crime with a life at stake referred to Manaka's suicide?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about avoiding a murder!
That Daijiro wanted to commit suicide?
Look, at the moment he has amnesia, but...
-If he regains his memory, he'll come back.
The problem is the loan he has.
If you would be so kind as to lend him some money to pay it off...
-I won't help him at all! -President...
We still have time to avoid it!
Even if I explain to you what happened, nothing will change.
In Daijiro graduated from the university
and went to work at the bank.
It made me very happy.
And I had reason, because I had in mind the idea of him succeeding me.
But, he left the bank job after 6 months.
He did it to become a painter;
he had always dreamed of it!
He is a selfish individual
who has stepped on my feelings unceremoniously!
-How do you want me to help him? -But...
Last month was the last time he came by the house.
He begged me to lend him money.
A man on his knees and on his toes?
You're a miserable rat!
(laughs) Swear to me that you'll stop painting forever.
If you do I'll give you all the money you want.
Enough of that color!
Who do you think will want to ask for anything from a philistine like you?
You've had enough.
I never want to see you again!
I told him I'd help him, and instead he turned me down.
He's an oaf.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"It's possible that money wasn't the only motive he had."
"In Manaka he thought of murdering this resentful man.
"Because he didn't want to understand."
Now I have to go to work.
Take care of the rest, Hinuma.
But, president...
You're just clinging to your dreams.
And if he insists on doing this, let him continue as he is.
He can starve himself to death or commit suicide, if he feels like it!
(At the same time) Mr. Ginbayashi!
"This man has also averted his gaze..."
What a mean uncle you have.
Conan!
Let him go!
Insisting won't do any good!
"I can't allow there to be a crime without any foolishness!"
(Hinuma) Surely, you don't want to go see Daijiro in the hospital?
(Uncle) No need to even bother, for him!
Let it go!
-When he says this, he seems to have a heart of stone....
"As I suspected, he's lying."
Precisely because he can't let it go,
every time there's an exhibition his...
"...sends me on the sly to buy works of his."
-Shut up! - (door, open)
You again?
You're a pain in the ass!
I won't give you money!
All this time, and even now,
you've been buying his works on the sly, haven't you?
Were you listening behind the door?
But if you do it on the sly, you won't convey to Mr. Manaka...
that you actually encourage him to continue painting.
And since he won't convey that to him,
we can assume that Manaka hates it with all his heart.
I think so too.
Please show your feelings to en Daijiro.
Don't get confused!
If I bought pictures of him, it was not to encourage him to continue.
It was to burn them!
"What?"
If I've been giving you support, say....
Where are the paintings I've been buying from him supposed to be?
I don't have any in the mansion or in the company.
I've burned them all because he's been stepping on my feelings.
He can't have.
It's noticeable that you two are family.
What's that supposed to mean?
You two are amassed.
When you and... Manaka lie, they look the other way.
Damn brat.
I'll kick you out!
Help me, Hinuma!
-No, sir.
I want to know why you insist on telling lies.
Lies?
And a black lamb!
Wait, you impertinent brat, I'll catch you!
Damn brat!
What have you done? Ouch.
Forgive me, please.
When you lie, you always leave a clue behind.
I've already found the proof!
No...

Au sir, let's go see Mr. Manaka,
and there explain to him that you have always given him your support.
Show him...
If you don't, we can't close this case.
Eh?
I'll be right back.
"It seems that today they think that I wanted to commit suicide,
"But one day they'll see my brass."
"It's useless for you to go on pretending to be amnesiac."
"You wanted to murder Mr. Ginbayashi, your uncle.
"With this rope!"
"You're under arrest!"
"Don't resist!"
I can't go on like this!
I'll be found out!
(Takagi) Now I understand.
You were trying to solve his problem?
Yes.
But in the end we couldn't do it.
Understood.
Now it's my turn.
When he regains consciousness, I will convince him.
No matter how serious his money problem is,
I will tell him that he must never think of committing suicide.
(Footsteps: approaching)
It was these men!
They are the money men!
It is evident that this amnesia thing is a lie....
He won't escape from us!
Stop!
Inspector Takagi!
He must have sensed us and fled like a rat!
You won't escape!
(Takagi) He's disappeared...
He jumped?
(Takagi) Impossible!
Remember that he has a broken leg!
But otherwise he's perfectly fine!
Despite losing his memory,
he recognized the voice of the men from the loan?
Quite the contrary!
The screams of the men must have frightened him and he has regained his memory!
Scares cure these things!
And if he has regained his memory, this means that....
He will want to commit suicide!
(Transmitter: pip-pip)
In Manaka... has she disappeared?
We are looking for her, but...
There's no one here who has seen her!
-And over there, either!
That means it must still be inside the hospital.
Conan, you should come anyway!
Okay, okay, okay!
He seems to have regained his memory.
If we don't hurry to find him,
he may actually commit suicide this time!
Mr. Ginbayashi, admit that you care!
Hinuma, the car!
-It's not... (Mitsuhiko) I found it!
(Ayumi) Look, it's stopped!
-Maybe she wants to jump over the bridge. We have to hurry!
(Daijiro) I can't walk anymore...
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday and I'm already starving.
(Ginbayashi) I dreamed of being a painter, too.
But I couldn't make a living and gave up my dream.
(Ginbayashi) "So that's why?"
Then, no one better than you understands Daijiro's sufferings.
You encouraged him to continue painting.
On the contrary!
"Indeed."
"Precisely because I knew it was to suffer in this way,
"You've wanted to keep your distance from him forever."
Daijiro, don't die....
(Mitsuhiko) Don't be hasty!
-Don't die! -(Mitsuhiko) Dying is not good at all!
You've regained your memory, haven't you?
Tell me about your problems, I promise I'll listen to you!
If I talk to you about anything, I'll show my duster!
Don't come near me or I'll jump!
-We finally found you! -Torna'ns the two million!
Don't come any closer!
Neither one nor the other!
If you come closer I swear I'll jump off the bridge!
I'll kill myself!
I swear I'll kill myself!
You'll kill yourself, you say?
You're a Pocapena!
What are you doing here?
When you told me you wanted to be a painter,
I made it very clear that I was against it!
Painting is not a living.
But you didn't pay attention and chose to live on your dreams.
You are a fool!
A philistine like you will never understand how I feel!
As expected, you have become dependent on others.
But listen to me, Daijiro...
You want others to pull your chestnuts out of the fire
when you have problems...
You can't make a dream come true driven by such a naive will!
That's why I'm going to harden my heart and become a demon.
For more help I needed from others,
I refused the idea of seeking their support.
For you it is very comfortable to say all this.
But... he has not been able to leave it alone
and it's been giving him your support on the sly, hasn't it?
He was buying your paintings.
Els my paintings?
He bought them and sent them to an elementary school.
You see?
It's the elementary school where I studied.
It seems that the students wrote him the postcard to thank him.
He was convinced that the paintings would enrich the children's hearts.

I bought them and sent them with this intention.
You were buying my paintings?
All this time you were encouraging me on the sly?
But why didn't you tell me anything?
I wasn't doing it to encourage you!
I thought they were good paintings
and you happened to have painted them.
Hard for him to admit, eh?
In the end he was a good man who cared about his nephew.
"Once he looks away, he'll go cross-eyed."
-It was 2 million, wasn't it? -Grano... thank you.
I'm not encouraging you with this.
It's just a foretaste for the next painting that will make the kids happy.
Oh, man.
Excuse me, I really...
You don't need to say anything.
Don't ever think of committing suicide again, okay?
Forgive me!
Forgive me, uncle!
We were able to solve the case where a person's life was at stake.
Yes, it seems so.
I want to eat!
It's the same again.
-Come on, boy, another beam will fall and break something.
(Genta) Careful!
Count, a little more and the drool will stain my shirt.
-Conan! -What are you doing, Conan?
"I don't even know..."
Surprise!
(At the same time) That's it!
Let's see, guys.
I hope you haven't forgotten that we're here to harvest clams.
It seems that there are also people who do not have a good time.
Look...
They seem to have neglected something important.
It's probably a bloodstain.
Blood?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
And the next Conan: "The Man Who Sighed Looking for Clams."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

