A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes we will see it as a giant door!
There's the square head of Inspector Yokomizo's little brother.
A stellar deduction that will make you roar.
The Junior Detective League won't budge an inch!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

"We all went together to look for clams with Dr. Agasa."
"On the beach we met, by chance,
"some university students from a club of mollusk enthusiasts
"who were picking clams near us."
"However, at Tsuguo Ushigome, one of them,
"Ingested a kind of cyanide and died!"
"Considering the details of the crime,
"The odds of it being a suicide gain weight, but..."
But doesn't that seem strange to you?
Although there is blood adhering to the neck of the plastic bottle,
the cap defective nothing.
Wait a minute, the Ushigome had not cut her finger?
A cut?
I guess while picking clams
she must have cut herself on a broken shell or something else.
She must have been thinking about anything while picking them up.
Indeed...
He has a cut on the index finger of his right hand.
The blood is already well dried.
That is to say, that the first time he opened the cap of the bottle,
the wound had not yet closed and he left it stained with blood.
But when he came to the car and was about to open the bottle again, he saw that the blood was there,
he saw that there was blood
and cleaned the stopper before refilling the bottle.
THE MAN WHO SIGHED LOOKING FOR CLOUDS, (PART TWO)
Genta, do me a favor.
Don't start eating while we're on a case, do me a favor!
What do you want?
Apa!
You've opened them all!
How long will the little Yokomizo make us wait?
(Mobile)
Yes!
Yokomizo!
Yes, thank you.
And the results?
It seems that now they give her the results.
-Let's see! Yes!
Hey!
Guys, wait!
Mmm... I don't know...
Well, according to the report we received from the coroner,
they found a cyanide compound mixed in with the green tea.
They've also discovered that this cyanide would have gotten into the liquid
through the cap.
And as the car was found to have a bottle
with the same poison that was in the bottle was found in the car,
we can conclude that Mr. Ushigome's death was a suicide.
Really? really?
Specifically, whose vehicle is this?
It is a rental car that Mr. Ushigome had ordered.
When we came to pick clams, he took the car we came in.
So you often came to this beach?
No, today is the first time we came here.
We had originally planned to come here last week, but...
But what?
The plans fell through and we put it off until this week.
Well, we'll talk in more detail when we're at the police station.
Excuse me, did you find traces of blood on the cap of the plastic bottle?
Yes, they were scarce, but it looks like they found some.
Along with Mr. Ushigome's fingerprints.
Scanty?
I'm guessing the last time he took the cap off the bottle, he barely touched it with his finger,
he barely touched it with the finger that had the wound on it.
Very well... If it's already clear, out.
Spread the fog!
(Thinking) "A suicide... Was it really a suicide?
"Indeed,
"The first time Mr. Ushigome removed the stopper from the bottle
"And started drinking the tea, no one else touched the bottle."
"And the person who carried the bottle to the car was himself."
"Theoretically there was no room for someone to put the poison in it."
"But what that person said doesn't fit me."
"Why did he make that remark?"
-But, Genta! MM?
What are you doing like that?
What do you want me to do?

It's just that I have both hands full.
Then leave the chocolate bar in the wrapper
and leave it all in the bag along with the rest.
But when I start to eat something I like to finish it all!
Excuse me, girls, you dúieu the bags with the scraps, right?
Yes.
Yes.
Now you're going to the police station, right?
Do you want us to throw them away?
No problem.
But there are also wrappers
from things we ate and drank in the car,
so we have to throw a few of them away.
This is all the plastic there is to recycle.
-And here's some more waste.
And these too, already sorted.
That's it.
Thanks, kids.
You're welcome!
-Wait!
Conan! -No mail!
What do you do with these scraps?
What a in doors, upside down?
Why did you want the scraps?
What, what are you doing?
If you had already destriades the scraps...
Do you want to use them for handicrafts?
-What do you want to do with the plastic bottles?
"I already have it. So, it was this?"
Caram.
I see you're making that smiley face....
Did you find out anything?
Yes.
I found out it wasn't a suicide.
-Really? So who is the murderer?
Before I say anything, I'd like you to help me with something.
What do you think?
-With what? -With what?
Catching clams, nothing else.
(Genta) Au, Conan!
If you already know who the killer is,
why do you have to start picking clams?
Aren't there supposed to be clams somewhere far from the sea?
I think this is the place
where that group of university students were sitting.
Yes, they have taken both the clams that they had picked up,
as well as the debris they have discerned, so there is nothing left here.
I repeat that we are not looking for clams, we are looking for the plug of a...
Ah!
Oooh!
I found it!
I found the stopper of the bottle!
Ayumi, you mustn't touch!
(Mitsuhiko) The cap says "green tea" on it, see?
Wait a minute, the tea that boy was drinking was also green.
Besides, this stopper is stained with blood, can't you see?
(Ouch) Yes... It's blackened a bit, but it's probably blood.
So don't tell me that that stopper...
Yes.
Now we can be sure.
Now we know that Mr. Ushigome has not committed suicide,
but that he was murdered.
And that one person is responsible for the facts.
Well, now we will take a statement of facts at the police station.
So you will come all 3 in my car.
- (slides) -Wait!
Little brother!
Little brother!
Little brother!
-Wait, please! - (Agasa) I beg you to wait!
Can you take these 3 people
after you've heard what we have to tell you?
-Tell me what? -That we've already found out!
What the hell have you found out?
Come on, say.
Listen to me.
We know who Mr. Ushigome's murderer is.
We know who?
And this person is someone...
who has come with Mr. Ushigome to look for clams,
one of the 3 students!
Come on!
What nonsense are you talking?
This is a suicide.
A suicide!
Mr. Ushigome has returned alone
to this parking lot where the car was.
And when those 3 people have finished separating the debris
and arrived here..., the victim was already dead.
And what's more, the bottle of green tea had fallen on its side...
next to the body of the deceased
"And a bottle of poison had also fallen at his feet."
"Mr. Ushigome has been drinking that same tea
"On the beach quietly."
And when he came back here, he mixed the poison with the tea himself.
That's the way it is now!
Don't you think so, little boy?
But that bottle wasn't bought by Ushigome himself, was it?
Did he?
No.
It was bought by these 3 people.
Let's see, we thought...
Miss Yashima just passed the bottle to him.
Mr. Mitsuse gave her the rice rolls on the fly.
And Ms. Hizatzu just opened a bag of potatoes
and put it on the side.
After Mr. Ushigome has opened the bottle on the beach,
it seems that none of the 3 of you touched it, right?
And after opening it, as I understand it,
Mr. Ushigome had the bottle in his hand the whole time.

Who, when and how is the poison supposed to have been put into him?
Eh ?!
Don't you neglect something?
Like what now?
You know, every plastic bottle must have something in it.
Doesn't it fall?
Every plastic bottle must have something...?
I don't know, maybe the label of the drink brand?
Little brother, but what does it say?
It's the cap, it's the cap!
If it was impregnated from the inside of the bottle cap, well....
I could introduce the poison without touching the bottle.
I just had to swap one cap for the other.
That way the poison could be mixed easily.
Indeed, indeed, that's a great deduction.
But, kids, I tell you now... this is impossible.
(At the same time) Eh?
If we were talking about a bottle of green tea filled to the top,
it would still make sense.
But Mr. Ushigome has opened the bottle once
and drank it with a lot of gusto, remember?
Even if you have exchanged the caps afterwards....,
by closing the bottle with the stopper,
the poison would hardly touch the tea.
But... wait a minute,
if they put the poison on the inside of the cap's thread...
That way, when he closed it,
the poison would be in contact with the mouth of the bottle.
Yes.
Actually, if it were done this way,
it would touch his lips when he drank again,
but the problem, the real problem...
is that the poison has been found in deadly doses in the tea inside the bottle.
If there was only poison in the mouth of the bottle,
we can assume that there would have been no cyanide left in the drink.
Yes, you are right.
So, if we are talking about a way...
to mix the poison impregnated in the stopper with the green tea,
it could only be done by turning the bottle upside down
or by shaking it vigorously.
Was Mr. Ushigome in the habit of doing either?
No.
He did shake the tomato juice.
Didn't he turn the bottle on its side? On its side, you mean?
Mr. Ushigome went back to the car with two buckets in his hands.
Do you remember?
Eh... Yes..., that's true.
Uh...
Why did you make Mr. Ushigome carry the buckets alone
and no one wanted to help him?
The Ushigome was the one who knew the most about clams out of all of us.
The fact is that he was always the one in charge
of getting all the sand out of the clams we caught.
Although we were the ones who always cooked them.
Boy!
He always carried a couple of buckets?
Yes, usually, yes.
All this is of no importance.
What does this have to do with the fact that the bottle was on its side?
But, hey, Inspector,
the Ushigome was carrying 2 buckets and had all 2 hands full.
So what?
So, the bottle could have been carried inside a bucket...
or under his arm...
Or perhaps, tucked into the pocket of those tracksuits they wear.
He could only carry it sideways, couldn't he?
By the way, Mr. Ushigome was wearing something on his side...
inside the tracksuit that looked like some kind of bottle.
Wow...
Now I get it.
If he put it on his side, the tea was stirred while he was walking,
and when he got to the parking lot,
the poison that was impregnated the inside of the cap
must have already mixed with the drink.
Exactly, just the wood!
But I don't know...
I find it too much of a coincidence...
that he was wearing that tracksuit with that kind of pocket, isn't it?
I don't think it's a coincidence, Inspector.
What they are wearing are some tracksuits
that had been made at the Mollusk Amateur Club.
And what's more, they must have been wearing them for the first time.
Therefore, if there were any left for everyone to wear today...
when they went clamming,
it was to be expected that Mr. Ushigome would also take him.
On top of that, if it was known that Mr. Ushigome...
always went to the car loaded with 2 buckets....
Evidently, it was more than foreseeable...
that he would end up putting the bottle sideways in the pocket of his tracksuit.
Indeed, if this was the case, the poison could be successfully mixed.
But the question is who did it and how did he do it?
to exchange the bottle stopper.
When you take the stopper out of a bottle, you usually leave it next to you.
It is true!

It was probably near where Mr. Ushigome was sitting.
So, like that lady called Yashima....
"She just passed the bottle to him..."
...it is impossible that she exchanged the stoppers.
Then, that gentleman named Mitsuse couldn't do it either.
"He just gave her the rice rolls on the fly."
Of course, it would have attracted too much attention...
if he had put his arm up to the place where his partner was standing.
So, we can say... we're left with only you,
who left the bag of potato chips next to the Ushigome.
Miss Hizatzu, you had the possibility of exchanging...
the plug that the victim would have left on top of the sheet.
It is not true.
But what the hell?!
He only left a bag of potatoes, how do you want him to have done it?
That bag of potatoes was good enough to hide it.
Ms. Hizatzu has left the bag
right on the edge of where Mr. Ushigome was sitting.
"She was to carry the plug with the poison ready between her fingers
and he was to exchange it for the bottle cap,
under cover of the potato bag.
In this way, the Ushigome would think....
that it was the stopper he had left there.
Why were there traces of blood on the neck of the bottle and not on the stopper?
The victim's wound had already closed.
"And when he touched the cap of the bottle, there wasn't much on it.
But even though the wound was closed,
when opening and closing the bottle with the finger of the wound,
it was inevitable that traces of blood would be detected on the poisoned stopper.
Is this it, boy?
Say... Yes.
Isn't it, doctor? Is it?
Yes.
In this case, the plug impregnated with Mr. Ushigome's blood...
should be somewhere.
Isn't it true that they were carrying some bags with waste?
Ah,.... We gave them to the boy with the glasses.
Wait a minute!
Have you been examining the caps?
But, even though there were 6 plastic bottles, we only found 5 caps!
we only found 5 caps!
"The only thing missing was the one from a bottle of green tea."
In summary we would say the following.
I would have had Mr. Ushigome finish a bottle of green tea
that would have been bought in the first place
and would have sneakily swiped this first cap.
"Then he would have impregnated the poison stopper somewhere,
"He would exchange it for the stopper of the bottle he had bought later.
"And at the most appropriate moment, he would propose to return home."
"Next, Mr. Ushigome would turn toward the car,
"and drink the poisoned tea."
Then, once the police found the bottle with the poison...
that the murderer had left inside the car,
it would appear to have been a suicide!
It is very likely that he also got
with that bottle from Mr. Ushigome
in order to make it look like it was not a murder.
But when it came to exchanging the stoppers, the plans went awry.
"So that Mr. Ushigome's stopper was stained with blood."
That's why he didn't leave it with the rest of the debris, right?
If we found him it would be discovered that he had actually swapped them.
I don't know where he must have dumped the one that was stained with blood,
but if we look on the beach...
I've been thinking the same thing and looking for it.
Look at it!
The cap of the bottle stained with blood!
Marrec!
But... but this evidence doesn't prove anything at all!
If you're talking about the Shoko's fingerprints,
she could have left them at the supermarket.
No, the question is not the fingerprints.
If she has touched this cap,
we'll find Miss Hizatzu's fingers...
The luminol reaction will tell us
if she has touched this test with Mr. Ushigome's blood.
Shoko, that's enough!
Do you allow yourself to be accused like this?
You have to refute it!
If they want to prove it, let them prove it!
I can't refute it,
because everything the police inspector has said is true;
yes, it's absolutely true.
Hey, don't tell me it's because of that accident?
An accident?
Come on, come on!
Confess!
What accident are you talking about?
Remember there was one?
Last week someone was run over and the driver fled.

It could have something to do with that, don't you think, Inspector?
That accident?
Yes, they ran over a man who was drunk.
Was it your doing?
We didn't know there'd been an accident
until we saw it in the next day's paper!
-Besides...! - Shut up!
What month?
Speak up!
The Ushigome said that he had made the impression...
that he had hit something.
We stopped the car and got out to see what had happened..,
but there was no one there.
Yes, one person.
There was a person there.
In the middle of the vegetation I was examining,
there was a man covered in blood.
-And why didn't you say anything? -I couldn't say anything!
That man was no longer breathing and the Ushigome had drunk alcohol.
If someone discovered us,
I would have lost the job I had just been given!
That's right, if the Ushigome had kept it a secret....
But he said he wanted to turn himself in to the police.
Just like clams.
So rather they want to hide,
they'll always leave some clue with their trail.
You people are disgusting individuals.
The more hidden you want to be, the more obvious your actions become.
Even if Mr. Ushigome hadn't talked about turning yourselves in,
the police would have caught you.
They would have found this black, putrid hole
that has opened up in their heart!
We have finished collecting them.
That's good.
We couldn't leave her in the middle either.
Well, well, well.
It's amazing that you figured out who the killer was
just by seeing that the bag of potatoes was on the victim's edge.
And not only that.
"When I mentioned that the neck of the bottle was stained with blood,
"That girl in the group said"
that Mr. Ushigome had probably cut his finger.
Eh?
And how is it?
I knew that Mr. Ushigome had taken the finger wrong,
but if we're talking about a bottle with blood on the neck,
we could be talking about either a cut on the lips,
or a wound inside the mouth, don't you think?
Also, the stopper found next to the Ushigome had no blood stains on it.
And, evidently, that's how I knew!
If Miss Hizatzu said those words
it is because she saw the blood when she exchanged the plugs.
I see...
Ah... He-he-he!
That's what you told me, right, doctor?
Is that so?
Ah, yes, that's right...
Oh, I forgot.
We want you to come by the station in a little while too.
Bring children with you, eh?
They're not all here!
They're not all here!
They're not.
Yeah... Those children have returned to the beach like desperate people.
They say they've lost something important.
That's not fair!
That was a Yaiba figure I had never seen before!
Wow, and you don't remember where you dropped it?
If I remembered, we would have found it right away!
It was so cool!
Wow, only the big guys can buy figures like that!
"They're crazy about this searching thing."
(Think) "An enigma?"
In the first story of "Holmes, the tri-colored cat."
Holmes also climbed on people's shoulders.
It is said that if you train a Russian blue pretty well,
you can get him to climb on your shoulder, too.
(Kudo voice) See you around, Goro.
Take care Mr. Kogoro!
And the next Conan: "The Mystery of the Russian Blue, (part one)."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

