A giant wall blocks our way.
It's like a giant door!
A cell phone message with a kind of riddle.
A cat appears and Mr. Kogoro's head is turned upside down.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(Kogoro) To meet a customer at 9 o'clock in the morning.
From 10 am to 2 am, stay quietly at the Poirot,
eat there and drink coffee without rushing...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Think) "Then, watch the Yoko series on TV.
"At 2 o'clock while I videotape it."
"Next, consciously deduce....
"The development of the series."
"No! Wait!"
"Before the client arrives
"I'll look over the previous 5 episodes."
"Doing a review of the whole story wouldn't be a bad idea either."
"Gee, how busy I am!"
"Now that's a satisfying life!"
Hey, kids!
What are you looking at?
It's time for you to move on to school.
Okay?
About it, I didn't...
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
You're hiding anything?
Eh... Neither... it's not something strange...
(Cat: meows)
What the heck.
It was a cat.
Mm?
What?!
A gaaaaat?
Yes...
Aaaah!
A gaaaaat!
Mèèèèèèèèu.
THE SECRET OF THE RUSSIAN BLUE
Just a moment.
You must not have picked it up from the street...
It's not that... It's Mrs. Eri's cat.
Eri's cat?
I could have sworn she had a cat with brown fur and a black nose.
It wasn't like this one, which has the strangest mouse color.
This cat is of a breed they call Russian blue cat.
Its characteristics
are the bluish-gray fur and the green eyes!
The cat I had before died last month
and it seems that an acquaintance gave him this one.
He was getting old, poor thing.
This is not the point.
What the hell is your cat doing in my office?
The mother came in a moment ago and then...
Ran, I'm sorry.
Can you take care of this puppy for 3 days?
What's wrong?
It so happens that at noon I have to go to Okinawa by plane
to see a client who's waiting for me,
and it turns out that the Kuriyama, who was to be taken care of,
is in bed with a cold.
But... Please, my child!
Now you are the only person I can ask!
You've got it!
Good-bye. Good-bye.
Wait, wait, wait.
But, mother...
Take care of Goro, pretty!
That's what he told us.
That one of you should take care of him?
What a nerve!
While I'm going to school, I'll have to take care of this critter!
- (door, open) -Ran, good morning!
Hello, Sonoko!
Ran, we'll be late!
Sorry, did I come at a bad time?
Oh, sorry!
I'll be right there!
See you later! Hey, wait!
Goodbye, father.
Treat the Goro well, please!
I understand.
But, Ran, wasn't the cat your mother used to have called Goro, too?
Mother likes that name,
and she also named her new cat that.
She says she named him Goro because he was always lazy, but...
The reason must be...
What a face!
Why should a famous detective like me take care of a rickety cat?
He already has the box with the soil to do his business.
He just has to be careful that he doesn't go out in the street.
That's easy enough.
Then there's you, for him!
As if you don't go to school to do it!
I give you permission.
(Think) "You give me permission? You?"
Marrec, today I have a busy day.
(Door: call)
Listen, excuse me, this is Mr. Kirishita.
I called you yesterday.
You did?
I could have sworn you told me you'd be here the next day at 9 o'clock.
And you also told me that your wife was coming.
My wife has become very ill
and I've come to bring my daughter's riddle
before going to work, you know?
"A riddle?"
That's right.
This is a riddle.

Uh, yes...
What you see here is a message
my daughter sent to my cell phone by mistake.
In addition to not understanding a bit of it,
my daughter was very insistent that I delete it right away.
We thought it might be important and wanted to take it to a detective.
-What's wrong? -What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Seeing them like that reminded me of the Holmes novels,
the tricolor cat.
You know, the cat that comes out in those novels of Jiro Akagawa.
-Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! -Mèèèèu.
Yes, it's true!
In the first story of "Holmes, the tricolor cat",
Holmes also climbed on people's shoulders.
They say that if you train a Russian blue well,
you can get him to climb on your shoulder.
Flights, you mean? Yes!
Away!
When I go you plan to go to school?!
Yes!
"If a while ago I said not to go."
Anyway, this message looks very, very dangerous.
Mr. Mouri, you think so too?
Yes.
You can barely make out the "ka-re" in the second line
and the "quedamos" at the end of the last line.
You are right.
Our daughter is a sophomore in high school,
but it seems that for some time now
has been working part-time without our knowledge.
Perhaps she has been tricked by a heartless individual...
and forced her to work for him.
My wife is so worried that she is on bed rest.
I get it... A high school sophomore...?
She's at a pretty dangerous age.
Understand me, my daughter is also a sophomore...
and it turns out that the creature always thinks of a bearded detective
who has no knowledge.
Hey!
I told you to touch two immediately!
Sorry, I forgot something.
What a drag!
It could be a kind of code code
that's become fashionable among young people...
Yes, I thought so too,
and I talked to the daughter of one of my co-workers.
Y... what did she say?
Well, look...
"As soon as she saw the message she started laughing."
Let your daughter do what she wants.
"This is what she said to me!"
And she did it with a naughty face.
Sure, the content of the message might be somewhat inappropriate.
Anyway,
please forward this message to my cell phone, please.
Uh... yes.
When I know something, I will contact you.
Yes, please take care of it.
I'll see you around, Goro.
Take care of Mr. Kogoro.
No matter how many times I look at it, I don't understand anything at all.
I'll go wash my face and clear my head a little.
Eh?
This bug had entered the bathroom?
"What a drag. I've had to carry a lot of ballast."
"But hey, if I was as smart as the tri-colored cat in the novels," I said,
"The story would be very different."
What the hell is this?
The cat has taken to sleeping on this towel!
Ep.
Bug!
What the hell are you doing?
This is a video of Yoko's series!
If you scratch them you'll pay for it!
Eh?
Wait a minute, the second tape is missing.
Don't tell me you've hidden it?
Eh?
Au va!
Now you take it with your shoes?
Eh?
Isn't this Conan's shoe?
But... but... but... where the fuck did you get it from?
Listen to me!
The shoes must be paired.
If they're kept mismatched anywhere,
then they are useless!
-Mèèèèèèu - Keep in mind!
He sneaks everything in, he takes things when he wants,
in the end you won't be detective Holmes, but the thief Lupin!
Mmm, yes, now I get it.
This kind of hairy "o" is the letter sigma.
This crooked V is like the Greek "ni"....
This one that looks like the hiragana "t" is the Greek letter "tau"?
Then, the reading that would have the word "let's meet" of the message...
would be... "encontramos-tau".
What the hell does that mean?
The stars also have Greek names.
Tau... Maybe it has something to do with the stars.
Let's see, there was a constellation book nearby.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Meee.
Trapella!
You're at it again?
Eh?
Ang-Jap?
This means that it translates words from English to Japanese.
In this message only the English dable is used,
but if we were to forcibly adapt it to Japanese,
this "w" would be...

Would it be the "n" of hiragana?
Of course it is!
They are using foreign words
that resemble those of Japanese syllabaries!
Of course they are!
That's why you put the tau to the word "let's meet".
Oh, if I look at it this way,
I think I'm beginning to understand what he's saying!
Goro, you're so smart!
Mm!
Wait!
"No! He threw it on the ground for giving me this clue?"
"Don't tell me it's like the cat in that novel?"
No!
Quiet!
This is not a toy!
After all, a cat is a cat.
Let's see, the thing is, I've already found out...
that young girls have a great time
using foreign letters
similar to Japanese syllabary words to send messages to each other.
Taking this as a basis, we have:
the "w" stands for "n",
the "ni" represents the "r" of katakana.
The "tau" represents the "t" of hiragana.
Therefore, the equal sign would represent the "ni" of katakana,
and then the post office signs that there are
would represent the "t" of katakana.
But, "nitete... ku"?
What the fuck does that mean?
After the "w" and that "tsu" of hiragana,
there's that sigma and I'm not sure what it can mean.
No hiragana or katakana syllables that resemble it.
I'll have to leave a circle where the letters I don't understand are.
"I-n-word, prolong, reka... re niteteku find us."
Maybe it does have some kind of secret code.
Mmmm?
Meee.
Run away!
What a mug!
Eh?
Quiet!
Again in the furniture?
I told you not to get in here!
No!
It's after 12 o'clock!
I've got less than 2 hours left to figure it out
before Yoko's show doesn't start!
If I can't figure out what the message means before then, I won't be able to watch the series in peace,
I won't be able to watch the show in peace!
Wait a minute!
Earlier, this bug also got into this closet.
Maybe it's trying to tell me something.
And from this closet, what worries me...
is that Yoko's second tape is missing.
That it's missing... That it's missing...
Wait a second, just a moment ago,
this bug's been sleeping in the bathroom.
"On top of the towel,
"And the hairs that have fallen out of it have stayed on my face..."
I got it!
That falls, that's missing!
It is possible that this word
not only resembles a katakana and hiragana word,
but also that a half-slit letter was chosen
like a child who would like to boast of having bad handwriting.
It could be, couldn't it?
Therefore, this sigma represents a syllable?
of both hiragana and katakana,
but a part has been removed to make it incomplete.
If so, the only thing I can think of is....
That it is the "no" of the hiragana syllabary.
"No."
Therefore, this plus-minus would represent....
that it's the "chi" of hiragana, right?
In other words, that this plus-minus, dables and sigma would mean....
"Chi-chin", right...?
It doesn't make any sense!
No, if the plus-minus is added to the plus-minus line on the right...
it stands for "chi",
but if you add it on the left...
Then it is a "healthy"!
This plus-minus, dables and sigma would mean... "san-no", "someone's".
It could be that what is
before this reference to a person, could be a name.
Now, the problem is the arrow before the plus-minus sign.
I seem to remember seeing this same arrow
the New Year's greeting of that rich girl.
What does this arrow mean? Ah, this one here?
Sure, Happy New Year!
The arrow is an elongated sound sign!
It indicates that the sound of the previous vowel is prolonged!
Therefore..., if it is placed in front of the plus-minus it will mean:
"With Sato" or "with Taro".
The name you put has the last vowel long!
Let's go!
I'll dexify it in a jiffy!
Damn it!
"In word, prolong, from in I don't know what, from Reka niteteku find us".
It's as if he can read, but without understanding anything.
Of names that start with "I" and end with a long vowel,
I can only think of things like Yonjô or Yoichiro,
but no matter how hard I look at it, it doesn't seem to mean that.
Stop it, don't play with my shoes!
Eh?
Shoes?
Come to think of it,
"This critter was playing with Conan's shoes.
"And he was just pulling on a shoelace."

"At that moment, I said to him:
Listen to me!
The shoes must be paired.
If they are kept mismatched anywhere,
then they are useless!
2 words to represent one!
That is to say, if we join the ideogram of "word" and that of "prolong",
we will have the character "tan", which is used to say "to be born".
And the two postal symbols in the third line would represent the character "Gyo".
would represent the character "Gyo" which means "to go".
Hold on a second, please.
In this case, the "I" in hiragana at the beginning of the line
would be an incomplete letter,
and if we were to add what it lacks and add this "ku" backwards
which is also incomplete, we would have the vowel "o".
Next, there is that sort of "l" out of place....
and that upside-down "tsu" letter.
If we flip it around and add to the first sign as a kind of accent,
we have the hiragana "tone"!
And in the second line,
there's that sort of half-headed "fu" of katakana
and a small circle that together represent the "pu"!
If we read the second line by this criterion,
it would mean "irrigation-buy...".
Of course!
(Sonoko) "I'll go buy a gift"!
(Sonoko) "Let's meet to buy father's birthday present."
The language of urban tribe girls is easy to understand.
From urban tribes?
Father, let's see what you're doing...!
Now you're not going to tell me you're after a high school girl.
No, daughter.
This is a message left for me by a client.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What the hell am I supposed to do here?
What happened to the school?
We've already gone...
But what do you say, Mr. Kogoro?
It's already afternoon!
Then get moving and go prepare dinner right now!
Eh... Yes. Let's go to him, Ran!
I'm already home.
Benvingut.
Hello, glasses struçot.
What a mug.
I have taken the most interesting deduction.
Too bad, so much that we have worked together to solve it.
Meee.
Well, I'll have to call the client right away.
"The dried tuna strategy was a success."
"I've hidden dried tuna in places that might give him a clue,
"And when Mr. Kogoro noticed the cat's comings and goings...
"He was able to solve the riddle progressively."
"It seems to have gone very well."
Hello, Mr. Kirishita.
I'm Kogoro Mouri, the detective you came to see this morning.
No, don't tell me!
"Have you already deciphered the riddle of my daughter's message?"
Yes, indeed.
Stop it!
If you fall, you'll hurt yourself!
"What? That she's in danger?"
So you were talking about something dangerous?
No, no, dangerous, no, I can tell you that your daughter has done something...
Well, what has she done?
-Enough, you fool, stop pulling! - "It's you who pulls the rope!"
No, I didn't want to...
"I beg you to tell me right away."
"What kind of message was it?"
"I promise I won't be frightened whatever it is."
"I'm prepared for the worst."
"If I tell my daughter what it says in that message," he said,
"I'm convinced she'll confess.
"What she has been doing lately in secret from us."
"Tell me, please! Mr. Mouri! Mr. Mouri!"
Look, actually, I haven't been able to figure it out.
"How? What do you mean by this?"
Besides, a moment ago I was commissioned...
to investigate a very important case
and I don't think I'll be able to look at your message for a long time.
I just wanted to call you
to inform you that I have to turn down your case.
Don't tell me that!
"But I can tell you that you have a wonderful daughter.
"And that you have no reason to worry."
"Watch out for her safety without being too much on top of it..."
What reason do you have to tell me all this?
You've never seen my daughter!
My instinct as a good detective tells me so.
"I understand."
Say hello to your daughter for me!
A birthday present should always be a surprise, shouldn't it?
"It's possible that there was no need
"For that cat to lend a hand in solving the case..."
Meow.
What's the matter?
Hungry, Goro?
Then we'll have to tell Ran to make you dinner.
Mm?
Dinner?
In the evening?
Noooo!
Yoko's show!
Not only have I not seen it, I haven't even recorded it!

So much hanging around the office, you've made me forget!
And you hid the videotape from me!
Wait... Excuse me...
May I know what you're doing to my cat?
Tell me, wren.
E-Eri!
But, you didn't go to Okinawa?
I was worried about Goro.
So I solved my remaining work by phone and faxes,
and I came back in a hurry.
Come on, Goro.
Now we'll say goodbye to the scary man's office.
Although you have the same name, you are very different...
Eh?
But that brown cat with the black snout that you had before
was also very, very different from you...
And so different in intelligence...
"Don't smoke. It's called 'Goro' from 'Kogoro'?"
A story behind it?
Wait, you're not telling me...
that it's that cottage where there were the murders
of that man who wore a bandage!
"It's completely sealed off."
"And there's nothing to indicate that any key has been removed."
And the next Conan: "The sealed western window, (part 1)"
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

