A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
A sinister country house passed behind.
What is that shadow in that window that should not be opened?
It looks like a child, but it has the brain of an adult and it's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
La, will install, will install, will install, will install.... La, will install, will install, will install, will install....
The, the, will, will, will, will, will, will install... The, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will, will...
Sonoko...
La, la, will install, will install, will install... Tin, pull, tin, pull...
(Humming)
(Continues humming)
(At the same time) One, two, three, rock, paper, scissors!
One, two, three..., go!
What?
I lose again? I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
Come on, boy, try 10 more minutes!
I hope you didn't invite me
because you knew I always lose at rock, paper, scissors.
Don't worry, I'll make it up to you...
by leaving you all alone in my family's country house.
Ah!
The country house?
But weren't we going to your older sister's friend's boarding house?
Eh?
Is that what I told you?
Wait, you're not telling me it's that country house...
where there were the murders of that man who was wearing a bandage...
Yeah, some little thing happened...
What?
No way!
I'm going home!
You can't.
You have a lousy sense of direction.
But I...
(thinks) "That's why he told the driver to make a half-turn halfway..."
"So we'd walk to the cottage on a mountain road."
"That is, the Sonoko wanted to prevent the Ran from getting scared...
"And say we'd have to go back home with the car."
"What a face she has."
Listen, excuse me, that murder was solved?
Of course it was.
It was solved by me, the queen of deductions.
Come to think of it, it was since that murder...
that you started solving cases as if you were asleep.
Just like the father.
Gee... Conan, what do you remember?
When that blindfolded man attacked me, he came to help me.
This guy was also at the scene?
Well, we'll talk in more detail when we get to the cottage.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't smoke!
The bridge!
Don't tell me someone has planned a crime again?
What?
No, it must have fallen with a landslide...
caused by a torrential rain.
I guess the structure wasn't very well preserved.
What a drag.
So we won't be able to go to the cottage.
(Sighs) I've told our driver to leave,
and my sister and her friends won't arrive until tonight.
Then we can call them on the cell phone,
and we can ask them to come right away.
Too bad, kid, but there's no reception up here.
Don't smoke...
Then we go to that cottage over there
and ask them to let us use the phone.
There might be someone there.
THE SEALED WESTERN WINDOW, (PART ONE)
(Ring: ding-dong)
(Ding-dong)
(Car: approaching)
Excuse me, who the heck do I pay?
(Woman) Yes, the bridge of that cottage.
Come to think of it, I had fallen.
That they could leave us a trick
to ask them to come and pick us up, please?
No problem.
You can also stay here until someone comes.
(At the same time) Thank you very much!
That's all there is.
It's a magnificent country house.
This, you should say...
the rotten money guy who built it.
We just bought it at a very good price.
It was a bargain and that's it.
Seriously, it was a bargain.
This cottage, cheap?
(Woman) Yes, we are musicians.
"We wanted a quiet place
"Where we could compose music and write lyrics."
And when we started looking around...
(Man) "We found this in a godforsaken place."

But even though it's so far away, it must have cost him a lot of money.
No, it was really cheap.
It looks like this country house has a sinister past
and if they couldn't sell it they were planning to tear it down.
A past? A past?
It was originally built by two brothers
who were particularly wealthy,
and when this time of year came around
they came to spend the summer here with their wives.
"But one night it was pouring rain,
"The older brother said something very strange."
(Woman) "That a mysterious demon came through the window of the house."
A... A demon?
"He sealed and left the window sewn up with keys
"To prevent it from opening again."
(Cries) It's no use.
That thing... has already corrupted this place.
So, big brother decided to renovate this house.
He put in new flooring, painted the walls and fixed up the whole house.
"But within a year after he renovated the house,
"One last incident occurred."
A... an incident?
While the older brother's wife was in the back garden...
"tending the plants, she saw..."
"That window which, theoretically, could not be opened,
"It was open and something..."
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
What?
Then...
-E... It was that demon? -It can.
(Woman) "The following days, exactly as if she had been possessed by the demon,"
she committed suicide in her room with a rope.
(Boy) "And as if he had wanted to follow her,
"The older brother threw himself into the void
"From the window of his room, on the third floor,
"and lost his life."
"So that the younger brother and his wife,
who had such bad memories of this place, wanted to sell it flying.
And, what's more, at a very low price.
(laughs) What do you think?
With this story you can compose a song
with incredible lyrics, don't you think?
"Come on! What kind of song?"
Excuse me, that window really couldn't be opened?
(Boy) You can see for yourselves.
Come on.
(Eisuke) What?
Really, with all these nails....,
it won't open even a millimeter.
(Eisuke) See?
When we bought it, they told us we could fix it,
but it was too expensive and we left it as it was.
(Thinking) "You could have fixed it already..."
Will you spend the night here?
Maybe you can meet with that demon.
He-he-he... We'd better not.
We had only come to ask you to let us make a call.
It so happens that we haven't found anyone.
Eh?
We had gone to look for food, but...
There was someone at home: Rinko.
Rinko, you say?
Enough of this!
Shut the hell up, I'm a component!
There's no way to concentrate like this!
That was Rinko.
She uses the next room.
-D'ençà that we have arrived here that is a bundle of nerves.
She keeps jumping all over the place.
The songs that Rinko composes are the life itself,
for our group, the Dorcus.
What?
Are you the Dorcus?
I know you!
You are very famous in the indie music scene!
I have a CD of yours too!
Yes?
Thank you very much.
What was it?
Which one was it?
Ah, you were here.
Okay.
I already talked to my big sister.
She says she'll pick us up in a couple of hours or so.
What a joy! In that case...
Why don't we go to the back garden while we wait for her?
The demon is supposed to be watching from here
and I'd like to see what this window looks like from the outside.
(Sonoko) Let's see, the window in question is...
The fourth window on the second floor starting from the right.
Yes, it's that one.
Seen from the outside, it looks like an ordinary window.
It doesn't look like it has to be cursed.
Really, a spy demon from there?
So they say.
Look, look, there's a birdhouse over there.
It's true.
Conan, be careful, you feel?
Inside, there's nothing at all.
It doesn't look like any birds have nested, besides...
But what should it do?
Inside there is a white plate.
It's not very usual to find a plate in a bird's nest.
Really?
I want to see it too!
Excuse me, Eisuke.
You'd better not do it...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Oh, what a pain...

He's a real jack-of-all-trades.
Listen to me.
Are you all right?
He-he... Yeah, I'll survive...
Hey, do you think we're going to that terrace now?
- (Eisuke: call) -And now, what's wrong?
There's something there!
What is it?
Something has been watching us for a moment.
From that window that we shouldn't be able to open!
What is it again?
You must have screwed up a bump on your head when you fell a moment ago!
No!
I'm telling you the truth! Conan, where are you going?
Nano, what's wrong?
(Thinking) "It's completely locked."
"And there's nothing to indicate that they've taken out any key."
Rinko!
Rinko, answer!
Open the door for fuck's sake!
Rinko!
What's all the shouting?
I bought this earlier when we went to get food together.
It's the CD Rinko asked for.
I was going to give it to her, but I don't know what's wrong, she won't answer me.
Well, well, well.
I was nervous again before,
she must not have stretched out to take a nap?
- (boy) Hey!
Rinko! - (woman) Rinko!
(Boy) Rinko!
-Hey, Rinko! -Rinko, open the door!
Rinko, what's wrong with you?
Rinko!
Rinko!
I brought you the CD you asked for!
Open up at once, woman!
This isn't normal!
Just to feel that we're making such a fuss out here,
I would have done the same as before.
"There's no way to concentrate like this!"
I'm sure.
Something must be wrong with him.
It's no use, I can't see him well.
Kid, take a look.
Uh-huh.
Hey, miss, shouldn't you have a small mirror?
Eh?
Yes...
Eh?
These are...!
Tooru, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
His feet are dangling, they don't touch the ground...
(At the same time) What?
Wait, you don't mean that she...
(At the same time) One, two and three!
Ri... Rinko!
(At the same time) It can't be!
Rinko, why?
Anyway, unload the one here right away!
Get an ambulance and call the police!
Up you go.
"Mmmm... It looks like the door was locked tight on the inside."
"Surely, the lock was locked?
"With one of the keys she has on her key ring."
"Eh? Wait."
"At first glance,
"It looks like a bicycle key and a car key."
"And the one with the black coating
"Ten carry some electronic locking device."
"It must be from home."
"So where's the key to the lock in this room?"
"I found it!"
"Anyway, the door was locked.
"And even the window is closed and locked."
"It looks like the room was locked."
"Put another way..., it's a suicide."
It is useless, he is no longer breathing.
This has been done by the devil!
So, it was true!
What was looking at us through that window that cannot be opened...
was the devil!
-What? -What?
Don't tell me he really saw it?
Yes...
Well, the Eisuke has seen it.
I'm sure he has!
I've seen her in the back garden!
Hey, you bastard!
I hope you're not imagining it!
I swear it's true!
It was dark and I couldn't see very well....,
but I'm sure something was watching us!
Could it be that you have dirty glasses?
No, it's not true!
But if this were true,
it would mean that this place
is really damaged for some reason.
Because it was in this room,
where the wife of the older brother we were telling you about committed suicide...
(At the same time) What?!
Anyway, we'll carry Rinko to the sofa.
Poor thing, we won't leave her on such a cold floor.
Hey, you're stepping on the keys.
Eh?
Excuse me, Rinko...
(Yamamura) I get it.
Now we'll put the facts in order:
you have come to bring Miss Rinko Hon'ami,
who was locked out of this room, the CD she had asked you for.
You knocked on the door, but she did not answer,
you sensed that something was wrong,
you looked under the door
and you saw that her feet were suspended in the air.
"So you have pulled down this door, which was locked,
"They entered..."
And they found that Miss Rinko was dead.
Isn't that right?
Yes, sir.
And so, the key to the lock in this room...
is the key ring that Miss Rinko wears around her waist.
Look, Inspector, the key is above the keypad!

Indeed, it is the key to this room.
But you do not have a copy of this key?
No, this is the only one we had.
But someone could have made a copy of it secretly from the others.
This is impossible.
After we bought this house,
it was Rinko who gave out the keys to the rooms.
"In fact, she gave each of us a key."
Then, after we broke down the door...
and you went into this room,
someone had to close the window while the others weren't looking.
This is impossible!
The only person who's been around the room
is... that boy over there.
All the windows were tightly closed, I assure you.
Well, well, so you've taken it upon yourself to check?
So, we have a completely locked place...
with a locked door and locked windows.
There's no doubt: it's a suicide.
Of that, excuse me...
Well, that's what I'd like to say,
but this isn't really the case.
It's a murder in a locked room
planned with great skill.
And the murderer is one of you!
Isn't that right, Mr. Mouri?
Eh?
Eh?
And Mr. Mouri?
The father didn't come...
Eh?
Why not?
If there's you here, Conan and even this guy with glasses!
Why didn't he...?
Why not?
I wouldn't know what to tell you...
Inspector, why do you say...
that this is a murder in a locked room?
An amateur would be unable to see it,
but we, the police inspectors..,
can tell just by looking at this chair.
When a rope is used to commit suicide,
the suicidal person kicks the support underneath,
to throw it to the ground.
But, this chair is straight and just below the rope.
In other words, someone has strangled Miss Rinko...
and after murdering her,
hung her lifeless body on the rope.
Excuse me, that chair, we put it under there...
after entering this room once the door was grounded.
And this, why? Well... to lower the Rinko.
It could be that at that moment she was still alive.
Besides, when we entered the room,
"That chair was really lying on the floor."
Really... really?
Then, we'll close the case as a suicide.
"I have no choice!"
Gee, that's funny!
What's this?
Come on!
How funny!
Conan, what are you doing?
Don't be mean!
It's cool!
He's carrying some kind of ruler!
It's just like a tape measure!
Stop it! Stop it!
Hold still, please!
Gee, gee, I think the key chain gets really long.
Rinko told me that it was a utensil
that could be used to measure objects and distances.
It looks like it can be extended up to 5 meters.
Now that's practical!
"Practical? This is the only thing you can think of?"
Listen Ran, if the keychain can get that long....
it could open the door to this room from far away.
Ha-ha!
Conan, this would be completely impossible.
One could not open the door from so far away,
unless one could extend one's arms very, very long.
Don't you see? "That's not the point."
Wait a moment.
If one were to put the key to this room on that key ring....
Sure, you could leave everything as if it were a locked room!
(At the same time) Eh?
Take a good look.
Look at the space that was
between the place where the Rinko was and the door.
At a distance like this,
"You could lengthen the key chain that Miss Rinko wears around her waist,
"pass it under the door,
"go out of the room and lock the door."
"Then just have him let go,
"The keychain would automatically return back to the keychain receptacle.
(Yamamura) "That Miss Rinko had on her waist inside the room."
(Yamamura) "But the room key is gone, in the keychain."
Before Rinko committed suicide,
she eliminated everything that indicated that this was a murder
so as not to put the others in a mess.
Or maybe...someone had murdered her
by making it look like she would have taken her own life
and left the key there to squash the theory.

that it was so easy to leave a seemingly locked room.
You are right...
Wait a moment, please.
Are you saying that there is a murderer among us?
Stop it, please!
You're joking!
(Yamamura) It could be that all 3 of us will end up possessed
by something diabolical that's impossible to fight!
(Yamamura) "I thought so. The plate was wedged in."
I noticed at first glance.
And the next Conan: "The Sealed Western Window, (part two)"
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

