A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
We solve the riddle of the house.
An inspector, in Yamamura, who is out of the ordinary.
The surprise leaves us speechless.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
"As we were on our way to the Sonoko's cottage,
"We had an unforeseen event due to a landslide...
"And we stopped at a cottage to make a phone call."
"It was a cottage with a sinister past."
"It was said that the house had been corrupted by a demon,
"and had been bought by a famous music group, the Dorcus."
"In one of the rooms, Rinko Hon'ami, a member of the band,
"was found dead."
"The circumstances made it clear that it was a suicide, but..."
It is very clear that we are dealing with a case of suicide.
Eh?
That's what I'd like to say, but, actually, it's not that.
It's a murder committed in a locked room
and planned with great skill.
And the murderer is one of you!
THE SEALED WESTERN WINDOW, (PART TWO)
Wait, wait, please.
Are you saying that there is a murderer among us?
-You must be joking! -I want you to explain it to us.
In what way could you leave this room locked?
Wait, I was just saying it for an example!
(Yamamura: throat wringing)
Well, do you mind if I ask you a few questions anyway?
When and where did you last see Miss Rinko Hon'ami...?
And what were you doing and where were you...? Ran, please.
Can you put me down?
...until you found the body?
The last time we saw her
was in the room next to this one,
when Rinko came in anger and asked us to be quiet.
"After that, I went to my room,
"To practice a little on the guitar."
I stayed until Tooru was in front of this room
and said that something happened with Rinko.
And when she came in she gave four screams,
both you and Jun were with us, right?
Yes.
After that, I was also in my room,
which is upstairs, listening to music.
"Then, I suddenly remembered.....
"That I still hadn't given Rinko the CD she had asked us for."
"That's why I went down to Rinko's room."
I stayed in the room where Rinko had been screaming at us earlier...
and sorted out some books.
"The former owner of this cottage, in addition to letting us well priced,
"told us we could dispose of everything inside,
"and he was sorting out the books that could be sold at a good price."
But, well...
The books in the house were already well sorted out
and it was easy for me to make the choice.
But... how come the former owner left everything there?
I guess he never wanted to set foot in this house again.
The older brother and his brother's wife took their own lives here.
He even left the window as it was...
where the demon came in.
Ah!
A... a demon?
Do you want to take a look?
This window is just the one in the next room,
where I sort the books.
Yes, it is.
It looks like a demon came through here.
-That's what the owner said and then sealed it.
This is from the older of the two rich brothers
who built the house.
I'm surprised you can sleep with all this.
Because this is your room, right?
No, mine is the second floor.
This was the room the younger brother's wife used.
This was a room used by the housekeeping staff,
that's why the furniture is simple.
But don't you think it's strange?
That the lady of the house was on the second floor.

and that the service lived the second?
That woman had problems with her feet.
That's why they put her on the second floor, where there are no stairs.
But, what can I tell you,
I'm in the room of the older brother
who committed suicide by throwing himself out of the window, and I sleep peacefully.
Wow!
The room of the older brother is impressive!
There was magnificent furniture!
(Think) "It has 4 windows facing the back garden."
"And it's the same width as Miss Rinko's room."
Blow!
This room is amazing!
-Because it was the room of the younger of the two rich brothers.
Why, the brother who was to blame...
for his older brother and his wife committing suicide.
What?
When we bought the house, the little brother let slip a comment.
The reason his older brother's wife had committed suicide...
was that the older brother had discovered
"That she was having an affair with him and blamed it for what happened."
"But he regretted having driven her to suicide...
"and took his own life."
What?
An affair?
Yes.
The little boy and the older brother's wife.
When they'd come here, they'd sneak messages to each other,
and then they'd meet at night.
Wow!
Well, uh..., I have to talk to a senior inspector now,
because he told me some details of the case.
Please wait here.
"I knew it."
"The branches of the tree obstruct the view...
and can only be seen from the second story windows."
"What's behind the door of the birdhouse is..."
"I thought so. The plate was wedged in."
"No doubt about it!"
"Who murdered Miss Rinko?
"Pretending it was a suicide... it's that person!"
"And he did it by using to his advantage...
"The hole to escape from the demon living in the house."
(Yamamura) Let's see... Why my superior was able to tell me...
Two and a half years ago, there were some events in this country house.
The people who died were the eldest of 2 rich brothers
and the wife of the older brother.
First, the older brother's wife committed suicide...
in her room on the second floor using a rope.
"After 3 days, it seems that the older brother committed suicide....
"by throwing himself out of the window of his room,
"on the third floor.
"The room where the older brother's wife committed suicide with the rope..."
is the same room where Miss Rinko was found dead.
And in connection with that case, the elder brother said...
that a demon had gotten into this cottage.
He sealed with keys
one of the windows in one of the servants' quarters,
painted the walls, put in new floors...
and everything inside the house before the events took place.
The neighbors were terrified
and called it "The cottage where the devil is".
So the police withdrew from the whole thing, goodbye.
What?
You mean it's going away?
But shouldn't they investigate a little more?
For example, this noon,
I saw that a sinister shadow was spying on us
from that sealed window that should not be opened.
What?
Have you seen what you say?
Yes.
We saw that window from the back garden.
This gives me all the more reason to leave.
Why is that? Why?
It's obvious.
We're up against a demon.
A demon!
It's impossible for the police to catch it!
"Apa."
Besides, the room where Rinko was found dead...
had both the door and the windows perfectly locked.
And the key to the door was in the very center of the room!
Miss Rinko was possessed by the devil...
and she couldn't think of anything but suicide!
So, that little prank must have been the devil's doing, too.
What?
A joke?
Because after the 6 there was the 3 and after the 4 there was the 1!
All the others were in the right order!
Eh?
Which room are you referring to and what are you talking about?
(Boy) Don't listen to him!
-That's just snotty nonsense. Let's stop this.
Now can we go on doing whatever we want?
Now that this has happened to a member of the group...

We need to talk about what we are going to do from now on.
You can do whatever you want, but, for your sake,
it would be better if you also leave here soon.
When Miss Rinko has committed suicide,
the place where Miss Jun Makino was was the room next to the room
that had been for the service.
"The place where that sealed window is."
At that time, Mr. Yoji Kuramoto was just to the third floor,
in the room above where Miss Jun was standing.
"The room where the older of the 2 brothers jumped from."
And, at the same time, Mr. Tooru Tendo's room,
on this same floor, is next to Mr. Yoji's room...
and right above Miss Rinko's room!
In the middle of the path that the poor woman's soul must have followed
when she went to heaven!
It could be that all 3 end up possessed
by something diabolical that is impossible to fight!
Yeah, that's why we'll spend the night here...
and we'll leave first thing tomorrow morning.
Besides, we also have to pick up the Rinko's things.
And the truth is that we're all carrying quite a lot of things together.
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
Ah!
It must be my sister!
Since she's come to pick us up, shall we go?
Yes, indeed.
Mr. Inspector!
Look, it happens that before...
What do you mean?
What's wrong?
Ah!
No!
It's nothing!
I forgot.
I want you to give me your contact information
so I can contact you if I need anything.
Can you wait for me in your rooms, please?
I think I'll be finished in no time.
-Yes, we'll be fine. -No problem.
It's all the same to me.
(Sighs) They've finally left.
(Sighs) What?
Shall we start packing the bag?
-Yes. You're right.
I'll take care of packing up my room and Rinko's room.
Hey, can you do it by yourself?
If you want I'll help you with Rinko's room.
No, man!
Let Jun take care of it.
You know how women have all kinds of things
they wouldn't want a man to see.
Just the wood.
Well, hurry up and get everything ready...
so we can leave first thing tomorrow morning.
(Half a river)
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Mr. Yoji Kuramoto, you've finally shown your duster!
No, let's say it: the murderer who killed Miss Rinko!
-Yoji, was it you? -You killed her?
Wait, wait!
What are you saying?
That... But that's impossible!
First, why the hell did you all loose in my room?
I had locked it from the inside!
I've opened them from inside.
What are you talking about?
The inspector told me to do it.
I made them think I was going,
but, in fact, I've been hiding in this room the whole time.
I came in just as you have now,
by sneaking in through the secret corridor
that connects this room with Miss Rinko's room.
-What secret passageway are you talking about? -Don't play the fool!
We saw what you did in Miss Rinko's room.
You have opened the door behind the bookshelf...
and put the books back in the right place
that had been left out of order.
And we just saw her come out of that closet over there...
with his eyes wide open...
from the gap we left at that door!
In other words, you acted as follows.
First you told Ms. Rinko
"That I had to talk to her about something
"And she let you into her room."
"He looked for an unguarded moment to strangle her."
"He hung up with the rope
"And has left the door and all the windows closed
"So that it would have the effect of a completely closed room."
"Then he has used the secret passage we have mentioned...,"
he sneaked back into his room
and made it look like this Rinko thing was suicide!
But you really screwed up.
When you put the books that hide the entrance to the past back on the shelf
that hide the entrance to the secret passage, you didn't put them in the right order,
you didn't put them in the right order.
Conan's innocent comment
made you realize what a mistake you had made
and you thought that if you left things as they were,
"The day would come when the police would realize that you had made a mistake.

"Of the existence of that corridor and this would put him in danger."
"He has calculated the time that more or less everyone would already be sleeping.
"And put them back in the right order!"
But it's logical that he got confused,
because from the secret corridor you can't see the spines of the books.
It's impressive that he knew there was this aisle.
One notices these things right away.
Because... Why? Because...
Because... Because... Eh?
What was it?
How was that?
(Thinks) "Sure, yeah, that's what it was."
Ahem...
When I looked at the windows of this cottage,
I noticed it at first glance.
"Unlike Miss Rinko's room on the second floor,
"Mr. Yoji's room on the third floor,
"and Mr. Tooru's room,
"The space between the sealed window
"And the side window in the servant's room,
"is noticeably narrower than in the other cases."
This means that the distance from the wall is also shorter.
from the wall is also shorter.
And when in Conan has commented on that change.
the shelf in the Rinko's room I fell.
I noticed that the window, which was sealed, had not been locked
had not been locked with keys,
but it was only the inner frame that was really nailed shut.
The frame was put a little further to the left
to the left to leave the window against the wall.
It was not a window that could not be opened!
Thanks to this measure, from this contraction of space, a corridor was made,
a corridor was created
that had the shelf in Miss Rinko's room as an access and exit point.
as an access and exit point.
This half window was made
so that only half of it could be opened to the side of the corridor.
And if the furniture was placed in a place that blocked the perspective,
it would fool the eye
and prevent anyone from detecting
that the space between the windows is different.
By placing the wall partition on one side of the window,
the window could be made in the corridor
so that a sash could be opened!
That's why, when I saw that someone was peeping at us from that window, only the left sash was open!
only the left sash was open!
But who, when and why was that secret passageway to be made?
Eh?
Ah!
The person who made it was the older of the two rich brothers.
The 4 rooms had 4 windows facing the garden, all with the same spacing between the windows!
all with the same space between the windows!
And if the room that had been made right below this one
was narrower,
it was not strange to think that the room above it
had some kind of access leading to that room.
Surely, they built it...
when the older brother started to stir up a lot of dust
with the demon thing and renovated the whole house.
And since the room that was the smallest was the servants' quarters..,
even if they noticed it, no one would complain,
because the room would have become smaller.
And why did he build it?
Eh?
Well...
He wanted to check if his wife and his little brother...
were really having an affair.
"According to Conan, the back garden is a birdhouse,
"And behind the doorway at the entrance to the birdhouse.
"There are brackets into which you can fit a dish."
"When the older brother fitted the dish to the brackets,
"he would tell his sister-in-law
"To leave the door open and wait for her!"
But if the older brother saw the stall, he would figure out the move.
If his younger brother and his wife realized
that he could see that place,
they would have changed the way they sent messages to each other, wouldn't they?
"The branches of that tree are blocking the view of that hut?
and it is only visible from the second floor.
And he couldn't look down from his wife's room or from the maid's room.
or from the servants' quarters.
"That's why the older brother built that secret passageway."
"To check what was the signal that they used to understand each other.
"And to observe the place where this infidelity would be committed."
Well, today, we have no way of proving it, but...
"... it is probable that the older brother murdered his wife...
"By making it appear that she had committed suicide using that hallway."
"He couldn't bear the guilt of the crime,

"He had to commit suicide to follow in his wife's footsteps."
And Mr. Yoji, who had discovered the secret passage,
killed the Rinder using the same method as the older brother.
Now I understand.
You didn't let me help him
to pick up the things from the Rinko's room
to force me to use this secret passage in the middle of the night
to put the books back in order.
You were both in contact with the police?
Yes.
When the inspector came to ask us for our personal information, he told us.
he told us.
He told us not to let them take you near Rinko's room.
And you won't ask me why I killed him?
No.
It will be because of the guitar, for sure.
But hadn't you agreed that you would try to adjust to his rhythm?
Yes, I had worked hard to improve...,
and I went to see Rinko to show her my progress.
But... she...
You're not doing well at all!
It's not worth anything!
Maco, have you heard the songs we've been putting out lately?
Your playing is outdated!
Maybe you should go learn to play the guitar again.
"Then Rinko started....
"To make fun of the guitarists I admire..."
"And when I suddenly realized that I couldn't feel her anymore...
"I saw it before me..."
"The Rinko was before me passed out on the keyboard, lifeless."
So you hadn't planned to murder her?
You are mistaken.
I believe I had intended to murder her.
After all, I didn't tell anyone...
that I had found that secret passageway
and I was waiting for the chance to assassinate her one day.
So, I even had the rope hidden.
But I don't think I was planning to do it at the time.
That's why I had a panic attack,
"I hung it on the lamp by the door.
"And I hurried to get the key to that room off her key ring."
"I was worried that someone had seen me,
"So I looked out into the back garden
"From the secret hallway window..."
And instead of going out more quietly,
it turns out the guy with glasses saw me.
Well, it's possible that I, too, was possessed by the devil....
in this country house.
The rope, I found it on the floor of that secret passage.
It was the rope that was left
after the older of the two rich brothers murdered his wife.
(Yamamura) Please take it to the police station.
(Yamamura) Yes, sir!
Inspector, you've made a magnificent deduction!
I didn't know you were so talented.
Well, maybe I'll have to put you on the list of my worthy rivals.
In fact, all this deduction you've sensed is from Mr. Kogoro...
Ahem... (flow) Postscript... Postscript...
Postscript?
"Postscript."
"I would be ashamed to be found to have had anything to do
"With this bungled case of amateurishness,
"Don't tell anyone that you had my help."
"Kogoro Mouri."
Eh... Well!
With a brain like mine, a case like this is as sweet...
and easy to solve like a red bean pie with honey!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Shall we go too? Yes, we are.
Detective Mouri is professional to a fault.
It's amazing that he has solved the case of this cottage
just by listening to the explanation you gave him on the phone.
If he had to travel to an area where there was reception
to be able to send me that message,
it cost him nothing to come personally and solve it himself.
making the spectacle of the Sleeping Kogoro's deductions...
"In fact my intention was to put either Sonoko or you to sleep."
"But I couldn't..."
"No, in front of him..."
From the Shuringan king of Paipa I come,
from the Shuringan of the queen Gurindai,
from the Ponpokopi and the Ponkokona of the Gurindai I come,
sells Chosuke llargavida I am and that is my name.
It is thus.
"Who must the master be waiting for?"
"That pair thinks the other is the killer?
"And they're protecting each other."
And the next Conan: "The case of the Meguro tuna needle."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!

Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

