A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
A master and a disciple.
An unthinkable case in the world of storytellers.
The gleam of a tuna needle will say the last word.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!

(Kogoro) Mmmm....
Countless as the pebbles and fish native to the waters,
enigmatic as the fate of water and clouds, of that...
Of eating and sleeping... Ahem.
Of eating and sleeping...
Living you can say!
I already know it!
City of Beika!
But, man, how can you say the place where you live?
And the rest?
Have you already forgotten?
"He's already been at it for a week, let's see if he learns it already, man."
Blessed tree of the fog...
From Paipa, from Paipa...
Ah!
From Paipa, from Paipa I am!
From the Ponpokorin, from the country of Paipa I come,
from Asperger's Ponpokorin.
From the frightened Asperger's Asperger's!
From the Shuringan King of Paipa I come, from the Shuringan of Queen Gurindai,
from the Ponpokopi and the Ponkokona of the Gurindai I come,
in Chosuke llargavida I am and that is my name.
It goes like this.
Hey, Mouri, maybe you should let it go.
Maybe you have no talent for memorizing entire texts verbatim.
Mr. inspector, don't say it, that.
Man, I get what your goal is.
What you want is to gobble up
and drink for free as much as you want;
but to get there it doesn't pay to have to make a fool of yourself.
No, Inspector, that's not it!
Mr. Mouri, are you already on your way to the theater?
I can see you are very enthusiastic!
It raises expectations.
The rumor that the detective Kogoro Mouri would play the role of storyteller
has spread like wildfire.
It's Mr. Uajima, the man who has me under his charge.
But, hey, Inspector, did you feel this?
Still, are you going to tell me again to let it go?
Okay, you win.
I'll show you one, but it's short, so you'll learn it right away.
King, in that empty lot they've built a fence!
Oh, my gosh!
Eh?
Yeah.
But the fence doesn't close, by golly...
"I guess this will do the trick."
the case of the meguro tuna fishermen needle
That's Master Manrakutei Ishimatsu.
Master Ishimatsu, I'll leave everything to you.
Hello, Nagar.
Thank you for your help.
We are childhood friends.
So, what happened to that boy?
Ah, it was a boy who wanted me to accept her as a disciple.
I told him to come again when he graduated from school.
Master, tea.
Ah, Mr. Uajima...
Nagar, come and have some with us.
And you too, please.
What's a master storyteller doing here?
He's helping to serve the landlady.
Helper?
That girl now?
Spring has come to the master's heart.
Soon he will say goodbye to the bachelor life.
(Kogoro) What fish are these?
They are tuna needles.
(Kogoro) Wow!
They've got lots and lots of them!
(Kogoro) Oh!
I get it, master!
Your fable today will be about Meguro's tuna needles?
Yes.
My goodness,
the one of "The tuna needles of Meguro" of the master is a work of art.
Who feels it, has an irrepressible desire...
to start eating tuna needles
and a lot of people will come to eat.
It will be the great procession of the tuna needle.
Inspector, what is the Meguro Tuna Needle?
"The Tuna Needle of Meguro" is a fable.
"Long ago there was a nobleman who was most ignorant."
"One day it occurred to him to go hunting with his falcon in Meguro."
"At a farm nearby, he was given food...
"And tasted tuna needles for the first time."
"As they were delicious, the man was thrilled,
"And, returning to the court, he asked for tuna needles to eat."
"But, concerned for the nobleman's health,
"His subjects served him a boiled needle,

"Without any oil;
"They had even torn the fish apart to remove the bones."
"The nobleman had found such a big difference
"that he asked them where they had caught the fish."
"The subjects answered him that it was a very fresh fish.
"That they had caught Boshu."
Then, the nobleman said the following:
(At the same time) Just... I want tuna needles from Meguro!
-Oh! -Master!?
Gee, what a pain.
I seem to have cut myself with a broken cup.
But watch out, the wound is bleeding!
But, woman, wait.
It's all right.
(Master) People are looking at us...
But what are you saying?
Tonight you must go on stage
and you must take care to be in a good mood!
Madam Miya, thank you for the tea, it was delicious.
Master, we will celebrate at 7 p.m. in the cafeteria Märchen.
Very well, understood.
At 7 o'clock at the Märchen.
Right, we're going through to the cafeteria.
We are going through to the cafeteria.
That was the wife of a disciple of master Ishimatsu?
-Yes.
Her name is Manrakutei Kisaburo.
He's a storyteller with a promising future.
So, she was his wife?
She divorced that man.
And after that,
it seems that the master began to take care of her.
However, I get the impression...
that the teacher has also been giving financial support to that woman.
I think he is a good man.
I hope this is not the case,
but I'm worried that she's cheating on Master Ishimatsu.
Excuse me, but what does that mean?
Who was intimate with the master
who had expelled her husband as a disciple?
Rumor has it that Master Ishimatsu has some small savings.
I suspect that she has only approached him for the money.
In this case, we would say that the habit does not make the monk.
It is clear that the world of comic stories is the only one
where there is room for humanity and compassion.
(Kogoro) And now, back to the beginning.
I am where I am...
From King Shuringan of Paipa I have.
From King Shuringan of Paipa I have... this...
The short one!
Change it for the short rondalla!
Eh?
Yes.
King, in that empty lot there is a fence and it doesn't... close!
He said the second part of the pun before he nailed the first part!
Close, close... Close, close...
Close, handsome?
Eh... That's right!
Ahem, ahem...
King, in that empty lot they've made a stake!
How beautiful!
(Laughter)
Master Ishimatsu, now it's your turn.
-Yes.
How did it go?
Did you manage to do it?
My goodness, I didn't think I had such overwhelming talent.
I had an incredible reception, they couldn't stop laughing!
"Those people weren't laughing with you, they were laughing at you!"
Really?
I would like to see you another time to learn from you.
This, a tuna needle?
And where did you get it?
Sir, we have chosen the most delicious...
and the freshest of Boshu's tuna needles,
on the shores of Nihonbashi.
Unacceptable!
It is inadmissible!
I only want tuna needles from Meguro!
(Laughter)
(Audience: standing ovation)
Master, tonight I won't be drinking in your company.
But next time I'll win!
"Come on, do you plan to come back again?"
I'm sorry, but I may receive a visitor.
I beg you to go on without me.
I also have some unfinished business to settle.
Can you wait for me for a moment at the entrance?
That's all.
Mr. Uajima is working very hard.
Look, it looks like he's already finished the job.
(Uajima) Master, we're coming through.
Excuse me, I'm late.
Where's Master Ishimatsu?
The person I was waiting for hasn't arrived yet, and he told me that we're going through.
Okay...
(Mobile: pip-pip)
Inspector Megre.
Hello.
What is it?
Master Ishimatsu has been stabbed?
An anonymous call?
It was a man.
He told us that Master Ishimatsu had been stabbed...
to this waiting room.
It's a considerable hemorrhage.
When we found the victim, he was unconscious.
Will you be able to save him, say? We don't know yet.
Mmmm?
What's that?
Me-gu-ro?
Maybe it has something to do
with "Meguro's tuna needle" from before.
He probably wanted to write "Meguro's tuna needle."
but his strength failed him.

Now that you're talking about Meguro, look at this, please.
The handle of this kitchen knife is worn down
and it's hard to see, but it says "Meguro" on it!
Meguro?
Meguro's tuna needle...
Tuna needle menu... Inspector!
I've already found out everything!
-L'agressor is... -(people: talk at once)
Miss Miya!
The Meguro restaurant?
I'm very sorry.
I have... I have stabbed Master Ishimatsu...
So, this kitchen knife is yours?
Eh... Yes...
Why did you do it?
Let me answer this question.
It was for money.
You had an outstanding loan with Master Ishimatsu.
With the master's death, you stood to gain...
because you no longer had to pay him back.
I'm very sorry.
Chiba! (People: whispering)
Yes.
Come to the police station.
-I'll wait a moment, please!
She hasn't done anything!
May I know who you are?
You are... Manrakutei Kisaburo.
The disciple of Master Ishimatsu...
I'm the one who stabbed her!
I am in Kisaburo,
and he expelled me as a disciple a year ago!
In the Miya, excuse me, this woman,
I stole a kitchen knife from her restaurant.
And then... I used it to stab him.
Why did you do that?
We are talking about a person who had been his teacher!
Inspector!
This man is telling you a lie to protect me!
It is I, who stabbed you!
It is a fact that I have become very popular,
I've gone over the top and skipped a few performances.
I have accumulated debts due to gambling and I have been unfaithful to my wife.
But it doesn't seem fair to me
to be expelled or to take the stage.
Is this your motive? That's a lie!
What this man likes most in this world is to tell stories.
There is no doubt that what he most desires...
is to get back on stage to do what he loves!
These words that the master has left half-written
are irrefutable proof.
"The tuna needle of Meguro"!
This fable was my idea!
-So, it is clear: Mr. Mouri, it is not true!
This man has done nothing!
It was me!
It was me!
You have nothing to do with it!
Shut up!
"That pair thinks the other one is the murderer.
"And they're protecting each other."
"However, what will this message mean?"
"Now that I fall, Master Ishimatsu said..."
I'm sorry, but I may be receiving a visitor.
I beg you to go on without me.
"Who was the master supposed to be waiting for?"
"Celebration... at 7... at the Märchen."
"Wait!"
"Of course!"
"No doubt about it!"
Very well, understood.
We'll talk in detail at the station.
Let's go, Chiba.
Yes.
What the hell were you doing up there?
What the hell were you doing up there?
We're leaving!
Uh!
Aaaaaaaah...
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, wait a second.
Those 2 people have nothing to do
with the case at hand now.
Mr. Kisaburo, you came to see him...
when we were on our way to the Märchen café.
It was just before 7 o'clock.
Master Ishimatsu was already on the floor unconscious.
"Next to it, there was a kitchen knife with a name engraved on it....
"Which you were quite familiar with."
"At that moment, he was completely convinced..."
that the crime was committed by Mrs. Miya.
So, then, you...
On the other hand,
"Mrs. Miya entered this house...
"and saw Mr. Kisaburo."
"The latter, seeing the state the master was in...
"He left immediately."
"And Mrs. Miya thought"
that Mr. Kisaburo had committed the crime.
So, it was that.
You saw me and you...
Of course I did.
It's only natural that I did.
Besides, I'm your number one fan.
If the police stopped you... Just thinking about it...
Slave.
But listen!
I don't know how you had the bar...
to suspect that I had made an attempt on the master!
This, I should say!
How could you think that I had raised a finger against the master?
What? Come on, calm down, both of you!
Tell me, Mouri, who killed Master Ishimatsu?
The name of the master's murderer is on the blackboard before us.
Mm?
You mean this Meguro?
It doesn't look like anyone's name to me.

Researcher Chiba,
under the white board is Master Ishimatsu's bag.
Open-and, inside, you will find his personal agenda.
And then, please do us the favor of reading...
what the master had planned for this evening.
"Celebration... at 7... at Naruheso"?
Mmmm?
Naruheso?
What is this word you say...?
Indeed, here, it says "Naruheso".
Please try to remember.
Master Ishimatsu had taken it wrong in his right hand.
Surely, that was written with the left hand.
In fact, he intended to write "Märchen".
He represents that Märchen... is this scribble?
Oh!
Mr. Inspector, tilt your head a little...
and look carefully at the letters on the blackboard.
If you look sideways at the "ME" you will see that it says "NA",
the "GU" looks like a "GA".
And the "RO" looks the same.
The last sign is a vowel lengthening.
Let's see, what is the result?
Na-ga-ro?
Mr. Uajima!
Where do you think you're going?
I have to do something urgent...
I beg you to stay with us a little longer.
Mr. Uajima, Master Ishimatsu calls you Nagar.
That is to say, with this...
he indicated that you were his aggressor.
This is ridiculous!
When did I do it?
Mr. Mouri, you are more than aware...
that I didn't have the material time to do it!
Investigator Chiba, look at the hole in the false ceiling, please.
Uh, yes, right away.
Inside, there's a bag.
Earlier I asked Conan to look for it.
This allowed me to find out
that the false ceiling connects the office and this room.
Examine the contents of the bag, please.
Yes.
Ah!
This is an object that you sell in your store.
A guardian doll that a woman can put nearby
and so the impression that there is a man.
You have put this doll near the window...
"To make it look like he was working overtime,
"You have entered the room of the house through the false ceiling
"And stabbed the master with the kitchen knife he had taken."
Uajima!
Then he came back as if nothing had happened
and went to the Märchen with us.
No, he didn't!
I didn't do it!
What about the evidence?
Do you have any proof that I did it?
Answer me!
Inspector Chiba, there's a speaker on the wall.
A loudspeaker...?
Yes, I see it.
Examine the area around the speaker.
I'm sure there's a digital recorder somewhere.
A digital recorder? Look closely.
The switch on the speaker is turned on
so I can follow the developments in the main room.
But, before that, Master Ishimatsu made a comment to me.
How did it go?
Was he able to do it?
That is, he had not heard my story.
The switch was not open.
But now it is...... connected.
Who was supposed to turn it on?
Surely, the person who turned it on...
is someone who wanted to secretly record
Master Ishimatsu's "Meguro's Tuna Needle".
It was on top of the speaker.
Researcher Chiba,
rewind the recording a little and play it back, please.
(Master) "Inadmissible, it is inadmissible!"
"I just want tuna needles from Meguro."
"(Audience: standing ovation)"
Mr. Uajima, unlike the tape recorders of yesteryear,
modern ones can spend hours and hours recording.
Inspector Chiba, I am sure...
that you must have recorded what happened at the time of the assault.
Go ahead until I find it.
Yes, sir. (Master) "Nagar!
(Teacher) "Nagar! What are you doing? Nagar!"
(Uajima) "Shut up!"
(Master Ishimatsu) "From time to time, Master Ishimatsu, you've gone up in the air!"
"Now that it's in that restaurant, the Miya doesn't pay any attention to me anymore!"
Don't talk nonsense!
I just hope that Miya will make peace with Kisaburo again!
Damn it!
Stop it, please!
Stop it!
It was me...
With a knife I had stolen from the Miya's restaurant.
I attacked her!
Yes, me!
Here, boy, I'll give it to you.
It's a tape of the master.
Here you'll find "The Tuna Needle of Meguro",
so don't use tape recorders again.
I understand that you like the master's stories,
but don't tape anything hidden anymore.
Okay, thank you very much!
Mrs. Miya, Mr. Kisaburo!

I just got a call from the hospital.
It looks like the teacher is going to be fine! Yes?
But, listen!
I can't forgive God that you thought I had stabbed the teacher
just because you saw me leave the room!
But, it's just that I saw you were carrying a knife.
What?
A knife?
Conan, surely the knife is what you know.
(Conan voice) Yes, it could be.
Mr. Kisaburo, that's what you were carrying, right?
Eh? (Conan voice)
He had stayed down there?
I wanted to give it to him, the master,
to eat it and I've gone to the market to take them there the freshest.
Just a moment;
you mistook the tuna needle for a knife?
(Miya) "It's just that it was a little dark and you were making such a serious face..."
Oops!
That's why I always say to be so hasty with everything!
How can you mistake a tuna needle for a kitchen knife?
Please stop the discussion.
In Japanese, "tuna needle" is written...
with the characters autumn, sword and fish,
so it's no wonder he got confused.
Master Ishimatsu's life is no longer in danger,
so relax
and eat that tuna needle together like long ago.
-Well, there's no problem for me either.
But first we have to go to see Master Ishimatsu.
I'll insist, too, with all my heart.
Let's ask the master to take you back as a disciple.
You mean he will forgive me?
(He thinks) "Yes, he will forgive you."
"So that the master was waiting for me to come back."
I can't let it all be a dream.
Conan, did you burst into tears...
when you heard my fable about mercy?
You know, children find these things boring...
and end up sleeping,
but my artistic talent even prevents this from happening.
"Man, if I haven't put myself to sleep....
"It's because he's made himself lord and master of the place where I sleep."
They sent a threatening note just before a wedding ceremony!
6 months ago, this same couple had been robbed by a burglar,
and now this man is threatening them again.
Surprisingly, this couple?
is a perfect match for Inspector Takagi and Traffic Officer Yumi!
Posing as the couple that was supposed to get married, they will work together
in a police operation to catch their suspect!
And the next Conan, a special.
"The love story
The Metropolitan Police Inspectors.
"A deceptive wedding."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

