A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
There's the one-hour summer special.
A killer plans a perfect murder
at a wedding ceremony full of policemen.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(Wedding march)

(Think) "What luck, boy!"
(Thinks) "At last that day has come!"
"I've beaten off the competition of a legion of rivals.
"And at last the day has come
"When I will vow to share my future with her forever."
"Sa-Sato..."
Takagi!
Takagi!
Oh.
Yu... Yumi!
What?
Takagi!
Takagi! What?
No, you're wrong!
The person I'm marrying is not her.
It's not Yumi!
- (girl) Congratulations, Yumi! - (girl) How lucky you are!
W-wait, please!
"No, my voice won't come out! I'm stiff!"
"My body won't move! Help me, Chiba!"
Congratulations.
Chiba, man!
I'm dying and you're eating a hamburger?
Inspector Megre!
"Right, left, right..."
Takagi?
"Oh, it's useless."
Congratulations, Investigator Takagi!
"No, Shiratori! You're wrong!"
"Alas... What can I do? If I don't stop all this..."
Sa-Sato!
Congratulations..., Takagi!
Ouch!
How scary!
Oh, what pain!
Was it a dream?
It hurts me a lot, but I'm glad it was a dream.
THE LOVE STORY
METROPOLITAN POLICE INVESTIGATORS
A DECEPTIVE WEDDING
(bell ringing)
- (girl) Here!
(girl) Here! - (girl) The bouquet, here!
(Shouting)
(Girls) Oooh.
-Tingui. -Oh.
(girl) Thank you.
You're very welcome.
Wow, that was a great wedding ceremony.
Yes.
But if I'd taken the bride's bouquet it would have been better.
Hey, beautiful, you're still too young.
Besides, what do you have to tell me?
Is it that you've already promised someone that you'll marry him?
Not that I have promised.
But I'd really like to wear a wedding dress.
Well, I'll rent you a cheap one,
so you can take some pictures...
And now, what do you say?
"It's not cheap at all, renting one."
(Takagi) No, don't even think about it!
These voices sound familiar.
(Yumi) Ow, don't be stiff!
What are you doing?!
What? Inspector Takagi?
I can't believe it.
Don't tell me you're getting married?
Congratulations! No, I...
(Thinking) "What a drag, meeting the people I least wanted to see...
"At the most inopportune moment."
And who is he marrying? Father, don't be silly!
With Inspector Sato, it's very clear!
(Yumi) Well, no...
Surprise!
I'm the bride.
Yu-Yumi!
Yumi Miyamoto, the traffic officer?
Isn't she... Isn't she Inspector Sato?
Well... It's getting too long to explain...
That's just it!
What a nice couple you make.
Shiratori...
What to say?
Why not move on to the last milestone without waiting any longer?
Yes!
Let's do it, wren, let's do it, come on.
-Yumi, don't pass. Ah, Miwako...
Yumi, what are you aware of?
They're supposed to want to assassinate you.
(deep voice) Yes, ma'am!
Another thing, Yumi... You're too enthusiastic.
Yes.
Yes, you understand.
Eh... this...
I'm lost, now I don't understand anything at all...
I'll tell you.
(Kogoro) Mr. Inspector?
What do you mean?
That a thief is threatening your life?
That of this pair?
No, this pair are his doubles.
The people who are really under his threat...
are a real boyfriend and girlfriend,
who reported the facts to the police.
About 6 months ago,
a hooded robber broke into the bride's family home.
Fortunately, that time the groom arrived...
and he was able to get out.

But it is seen that when the thief was fleeing he told him the following:
"I assure you that I will remember the bad trick you played on me!"
But if this is the typical phrase that criminals always resort to.
Why did they have to find doubles for this?
-If it were a normal robbery, we wouldn't have had to mount this operation.
It so happens that on the kitchen knife
that the offender left at the scene of the crime,
we found fingerprints
that match the fingerprints of another person.
The fingerprints of a serial killer who has committed 4 robberies
and has taken the lives of 6 people.
This is his "modus operandi":
"While the inhabitants of the house are asleep, he enters without making a sound,
"He murders the poor people there by slitting their throats with a knife,
"And, after taking everything of value,
"sets fire to the house and flees."
He's a savage.
Looks like he left a threat last night
in the mailbox of the bride's family last night.
It was written on a piece of paper
and it said, "Congratulations on the wedding."
"I'm going to celebrate by making it a big one."
Indeed.
With such a dangerous man after them....,
...you can understand why it was necessary to use doubles.
Why should the role be played by Inspector Takagi and Yumi?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Takagi and I don't make a good match?
It's not that...
There was no other choice!
The bride, King Masuda and the groom, Masateru Taira,
make this face, here I have the photograph.
See.
It is true.
Both the one and the other look very, very much like
Inspector Takagi and Yumi from traffic.
Are you sure?
So, will the ceremony really be cancelled?
No, the groom insists that he wants them to be held.
But well, the police have the entrance of this building well guarded,
so no one will be able to enter without an invitation.
So, if the killer wants to attack them,
he'll have to do it when they come out of the building
under all that rice rain.
Then it will be the turn of this pair.
Both of them will be equipped
with bulletproof vests and anti-white-weapon vests.
And all the assistants will be replaced by police officers who will be ready to catch him.
who will be ready to catch him.
Wait a minute, but will they be safe enough?
They don't even know how they will be attacked.
Everything will be fine!
Don't worry.
If we have a big one, the Miwako will come flying in and protect us.
Won't it?
Yes!
You after Takagi...
You're cruel!
You're choosing love over friendship?
I can't believe it.
I have no other choice!
The forecasts say
that the groom will get a hard time for having thrown the thief out.
-Besides, you get too attached... -Ouch!
Miwako!
Excuse me, please.
It's just that you look so much like some people I know.
Let's see, go ahead,
What did you come to the ceremony
of Mr. Taira and Miss Masuda, maybe?
Uh, yes... You too? Yes, that's right.
I think the ceremony was in room number 3 at 5, right?
Well, we'll see you there, so far.
-Hello! -Ah!
What's that?
King, pretty girl, don't be so nervous.
Room number 3 was going this way, wasn't it?
Hello, Masuda.
I'm Karube.
Thank you very much for inviting me to your wedding.
To be honest, this is the first time we've met.
Is that so?
Yes...
I can't wait to see the ceremony.
It looks like they really take her for the real bride.
But... do you think they look so much alike?
The two of them must really make a good match, right?
Shi-Shiratori...
"That's why I had that dream..."
Takagi, Yumi, you'd better wait inside the room...
until it's your turn
to avoid any more commotion than usual.
(At the same time) Yes!
The comings and goings of people have multiplied,
so you'd better go to a different room.
We'll go to the bride and groom's room
to explain to them what the situation is, don't you think?
-We'll do that. -Yes!
Bye, Mouri.
Excuse me.
Yes, sir!
Go easy!
Mr. Kogoro, what if you went with them too?
You're a famous detective, aren't you?
Won't you give a hand to the inspector and his men?
Yes, you're right!
Let's go, let's go!
Mr. Inspector!
Father! I'll go too!
Ah, Conan!

-Excuse me... -Who are you?
Oh, excuse me.
It's just that you look so much like some people I know.
(Boy) Come on... King, how can you talk like that?
This day is very important, we both chose it!
Don't tell me you want to take a step back at this point.
But Masateru, listen, a man wants to kill us!
If anything should happen to them
the guests who have come to see us, it would be terrible.
Everything will be all right.
You don't have to worry about them.
I guarantee nothing will happen to them!
B... but... - (door: knock)
Sorry to disturb you.
Mr. Inspector, what do you know?
Is everything all right?
For the moment there have been no problems to worry about.
Besides, we have a large number of agents stationed...
inside and outside this building.
And when you need to leave, we'll be with you..,
so you can rest assured.
You see?
No need to worry.
By the way, Mr. Inspector, who is this gentleman behind him?
Ah, yes!
That's Detective Kogoro Mouri.
From time to time, he collaborates with the police.
-Nice to meet you... - Caram!
That famous detective?
You, you're the Sleeping Kogoro?
I'm not much, but I'll help where I can.
First of all, I'd like you to explain in detail...
the events that took place half a year ago,
when the burglar broke into the house.
Uh... Yes.
It was late at night and it was snowing.
"I think it was just about 12 o'clock."
"(I think-I think)"
"A strange noise woke me up and I wanted to turn on the light,
"but there was no light."
"It seemed rather strange to me,
"And when I went to look where the noise was coming from..."
"When the man realized that I was there,
"he took the kitchen knife and wanted to attack me."
"I was running away with all my might in the middle of the darkness,
"But he caught me in the hall and when I thought he would kill me..."
"(Door, open)"
"He appeared in the foyer to save me and the thief fled."
Ah...
I was a little uneasy.
She had told me that that day her parents were going on a trip
and that it would be at home with only 2 servants.
Then, that man and in Masateru vn start fighting.
Call the police, hurry!
I went to the room and called the police.
And when I went back to the hall,
that man said those words to us and ran away.
The "You bastard!"
"I assure you I'll remember the dirty trick you played on me!", I guess.
Yes.
You were saved by a miracle.
Yes.
I had a minor wound,
but he took it badly in the left hand.
Then, when I was struggling with the robber,
it seems I made a strange gesture
and broke my wrist and thumb.
I had to keep my arm in a cast until last week.
But if I had known this would happen,
I would have preferred that we go there
after he recovered from the fracture.
Go where?
His parents told us that if that man was threatening us,
the best thing we could do was to leave Japan after the ceremony.
Since his parents have bought us a house in Hawaii....
Wow!
How wonderful!
Besides, that cottage has a good security system,
and we shouldn't have to worry
about burglars breaking in like last time.
Like last time, you say?
Have there been burglars in the past?
Yes.
But the other time, they broke into their apartment.
It happened one day that she and I went out together.
And did they steal anything?
No.
I just... found my computer on,
even though I'd turned it off.
(Mobile: pip-pip)
Gentlemen, excuse me a moment.
Megre, say.
Hello, Chiba.
What is it?
You found a burned body with its throat slit?
Yes.
It's in an empty warehouse at the Teima River wharf.
The deceased is a man between 30 and 40 years old.
He was wearing a black suit and a white tie.
And, according to the report given to me a moment ago by the forensic police,
to the remains found on the fingernails of the burnt right hand...
They have found traces of the serial killer of the assaults with homicide?
"One wears a white tie when one has serious commitments."
Excuse me.
On that computer,

you wouldn't have any list with the names of the guests at the wedding?
Yes, because we were making the guest list at their house.
So, it could be that that body belonged to one of the guests.
His target was the wedding invitation, of course.
"I mean, it's possible that killer is already in this room!"
It cancels!
The whole thing is annulled!
Immediately eliminate the entire ceremony
and order all the people who have come to this hall
to vacate this place!
It is possible that the perpetrator of those serial killings
has sneaked into this building...
And do not allow innocent civilians to gather in this place.
(At the same time) Okay, inspector!
Inspector, wait a moment, please!
Do you intend to damage the most important day of our lives
and the people here,
even though you have no conclusive proof
that that... criminal has come here?
But, Mr. Taira,
six months ago you stopped that thief
who broke into Rey's house, who must be your wife,
and he has become the object of your hatred.
And what's more, two days ago you put in her mailbox...
a threatening letter...
And today he found in an empty warehouse on the Teima river...
a burned corpse with its throat cut.
Besides being the same "modus operandi" of that thief,
to the fingernails left on the victim's burnt left hand,
they have found the loans of that thief!
-And the victim was dressed very elegantly,
and the other day a burglar broke into the house when you weren't home,
and also how he found the computer on
when you had turned it off...
If the burglar who broke in on you was that same burglar
and looked at the guest list, the names of what they had invited....
"We have a lot of clues that indicate
that he must have called one of those people,
"He would have murdered her, he would have taken her invitation,
and he would have mingled with the people who are here.
posing as the victim.
Exactly!
That's right!
And he did it all to take revenge on you!
Surely!
Peer-but, we can't know...
if that victim was one of our guests...
(Door: knock)
Inspector Megre!
Just now I was given a gift by the groom and the bride.
I would like you to examine it immediately.
What is it? Who gave it to you?
Say.
Well, it was given to the manager,
so we don't know who it was.
Oh, man!
How could you bring an unreliable object into this room?
You're right.
But the contents...
Mm?
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
I've already checked it before.
Ah, really?
Ah, it's from Shimizu.
You know, the friend from the chat room.
Wow!
Then it must be that video, right?
The chat room friend?
Yes, we're both very attached to a page about spas.
And tonight, after the ceremony,
we're planning a party with the whole group from that site.
We're really looking forward to it, you know?
This is the video that we're going to play at this party.
She wanted us to check it before passing it on to the party
and I see she finally had enough time to edit it.
Let's take a look.
(Girl) "Today, in Taira and the King have a date."
"Last month he kicked out a scary thief,
"Their relationship has become more and more serious.
"And now, finally, this little couple has promised....
"And we'll see what one of their love-filled days looks like."
- "Eh? Don't smoke! Are you here yet?" - "Yes."
Where is it?
It's the foyer of my house.
"Wait a moment, I'll be ready in a moment."
Who was doing the filming was Miss Shimizu?
Yes.
When she found out we lived in the same neighborhood in the chat room,
we saw each other and became good friends.
"Sorry for the wait."
"We were going to Tropical World Park today, right?"
The key on top of the counter near the door....
You always leave the key there? It's a pet peeve of mine.
This means that this Miss Shimizu
could get the burglar into her apartment without difficulty.
She's not that kind of person!
Besides, she's the one who insisted endlessly...
to talk to the police about the burglar.
Non-stop?

That they didn't plan to inform the police that they had been broken into by a burglar?
That's right.
Besides, I didn't see anything taken either.
But, just in case...
we had the ceremony postponed by one day,
compared to the date that appeared on the invitations on the computer.
So, even if a burglar had come in and looked at it,
he would have no way of coming to this wedding.
But if the names and addresses of the people who were invited were there,
the thief could pass himself off as one of their acquaintances,
call one of the people on that list,
and he could confirm the date of the wedding, as well as the date of the wedding.
In this case, the best thing to do?
is to let the bride and groom meet their guests, right?
That bad guy is supposed to be impersonating someone they know.
Uh... Yes...
How can they let them meet?
If they did, he might attack them.
So we'll hide in the room adjoining the guest room
and ask them to take a look at you from there.
What do you say we do this?
If we rush into canceling the ceremony,
it's possible that at that very moment
the thief will take some violent action.
At the moment, we have no choice.
He is right.
Gentlemen, would you mind identifying them all?
-No... -I don't mind.
Come on, Sato, you go right now to report to Takagi and Yumi.
There is a possibility that the thief is already inside this building.
Tell them that as doubles of the groom and bride
they could be attacked at any time
and that they should not be careless for a moment.
Yes, Inspector! Ah, Sato!
And another thing!
When you are there, stay with them and take care of protecting them.
Yes!
Masateru, I'm scared to death.
Don't worry, I'm with you, don't worry.
Goita, look at this!
Atsuko, take a good look at me!
Oi, do I look pretty?
What do you think?
"What? Yumi? Don't tell me you're getting married?"
You fool!
How can I get married?
I'm doing a job for the police!
About it, Yumi...
It would be better if you didn't talk about it with people outside the case.
This, I know, you bore!
Please shut your mouth while I'm talking!
Oh, excuse me!
What?
That man's voice?
No, it was the TV.
"What the fuck, she's been giving me a hard time until just now!"
"Seriously, I'll never understand women."
"Surprise, I'm the girlfriend."
"Why would I have that dream, anyway?"
"Even if it's my turn to double with Yumi.
"It doesn't mean that we do the ceremony."
(Woman) That was a premonitory dream.
Wait a minute, this means that deep in your heart...
you have a repressed desire to get married in Kitada, right?
Apa, woman!
This is not true!
In Kitada it is sound!
But you know what they say, "a lie is a half-truth"!
You and Kitada are destined for each other.
"A premonitory dream? A repressed desire?"
"No, it can't be!"
Sa-Sato!
No-no-it is not true, it is not a premonitory dream.
No truth can come out of a lie that is the fruit of a repressed desire.
-No one.
None one. - Eh?
Takagi, what's wrong with you?
Besides, you shouldn't be here.
The inspector had ordered you to stay in the room!
What?
Yes...
What's wrong with you?
What do you find so unbelievable?
You can't hear each other's conversations!
You're disgusting.
Come on, let's go, Sato!
(King) Please, King, don't move.
It's bad luck that you broke your arm at such an inopportune time.
Sato?
Sato.
What's wrong with that couple?
What's wrong with that couple?
Sato.
Ah.
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

