A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(People: rumor of voices)
Who sees something?
Eh... Yes.
Is anyone suspicious?
Have you seen anyone you don't recognize?
Well...
Voice anyone?
Yes... Yes, someone here doesn't look familiar.
It's that man with the sunglasses and dark skin,
who has brown hair...
And then... That thin man with the cap-like hair.
And also, that man who has a trimmed beard and wears glasses.
I see 3.
So, the suspect could be the third one you mentioned.
Eh?
Ran, why do you think so?
Because... he's had enough of taking photographs
with the excuse that he had taken them for some acquaintances of his.
So, this means...
that man could be my uncle Gunja, the photographer.
But you... you said you didn't recognize him.
I know... When I was little, he used to play with me very often,
but... at that time he was thin and hadn't grown a beard.
Since he started traveling abroad
as a professional photographer, I haven't seen it again, really.
And can you say anything about the other two?
Especially the man who hasn't taken off his sunglasses inside the room.
Ah, it could be in Shimabukuro,
the snowboard instructor who was giving us lessons some time ago.
He was the instructor I had the day I met at Masateru,
that's why we invited her.
Ah... Well, I've given up snowboarding.
Well, I've stopped snowboarding...
I didn't recognize him
because we usually always saw him in his ski cap and ski clothes.
Mmmm... Yeah, that makes sense.
And that guy with the cap-like hair?
The only person I can think of that could be... is Mr. Karube,
the administrator of the website dedicated to spas.
Of spas?
The administrator?
Inspector... He is the administrator of a website.
I already know this!
You don't need to tell me!
(King) But he is a shy man of type
and he doesn't show up at the parties we organize.
I insisted a lot to convince him
and finally he agreed to come to our ceremony,
so this is the first day we see him.
But, it seems that the man did know you?
Because he has spoken to Yumi, the agent who doubles for him.
The other day I sent him a vacation souvenir
with a photograph of me,
so it's only natural that he recognizes me.
Mr. Inspector!
We have no choice but to ask these 3 men to come here.
We will take their fingerprints
to check if they match those of the thief.
No way!
They have been kind enough to come and we can't do this rudeness to them!
Mmmm... But there is no other way to check.
How did you know that those were the bad man's footprints?
Well... well, before breaking into Miss Rey's house,
the suspect had committed four robberies with homicide.
and at one of the crime scenes, we found the suspect's fingerprints.
"To the earrings worn by one of his victims."
"We found glove remnants to the teeth of the deceased,
"So we believe that the suspect was covering her mouth with his left hand
"when he was about to slit her throat,
"But the victim struggled and pulled the glove off with his teeth."
"He then returned to cover his mouth,
"This time with his bare hands and he had to touch his earrings."
"We found those same fingerprints on the kitchen knife
"wielded by the suspect who broke into Miss Rey's house."
"On the kitchen knife, there were also palm prints.
"That's how we learned that the print on the earring
"was from the ring finger of the left hand."
Hey, Inspector.
So, at the time, the killer wasn't wearing gloves?

No... it looks like he was wearing gloves;
therefore, it is likely...
that the killer left those footprints before the attack.
In the 4 cases that had occurred so far, the suspect had taken the murder weapon with him,
the suspect had taken the murder weapon with him.
He didn't imagine that Mr. Taira would stand up to him
and forgot to wipe off the fingerprints in a panic.
No fingerprints were found at the scene,
except for the kitchen knife.
Mr. Taira, when you came to save Miss Masuda,
the door to the foyer of the house was not locked?
No, I found it open.
Well, it so happened that when I was trying to flee down the hallway in the middle of the darkness,
"I groped my way to the foyer,
"And I opened the door."
Oh.
Mm?
Did you remember anything new?
Uh, no... At that moment I thought I saw something.
What was it? Remember this, please!
Stop it! Stop talking like this is an interrogation!
Stop talking like this is an interrogation!
What's wrong?
Ran, what's wrong? Look at those 3 men.
The man with the cap-like hair
has his little finger and the ring finger of his left hand bandaged.
The man who wears glasses and has a short beard
has a bandage on the ring finger of his left hand.
And the man with the sunglasses has been hanging out with his left hand in his pocket.
with his left hand in his pocket.
It seems that they do it expressly
because they don't elsagafin the prints on the ring finger of the left hand.
Yes.
Entesos, you win!
Call all 3,
grab your fingerprints and do whatever you want!
Afterwards, it will be clear to you that the thief is not here!
Because none of the people I've invited to my ceremony
is not suspected of anything!
But it seems that Conan has already gone to ask them some questions.
"Damn brat! He's at it again!"
Ooooh!
AIII!
Mouri... (thump)
And then?
What happened to the left hand of those 3?
The man with the bandages hurt his finger playing baseball.
The man with the bandage caught his finger on the door of his house.
And the man with the hand in his pocket has a habit of carrying it like that.
I forgot.
He's wearing sunglasses because he has an owl in his eyes.
and without glasses it would have a bad effect.
It's true!
I remember!
When in Masateru...
When in Masateru he came to help me I saw him!
The thief had...
The thief had an owl in his right eye!
What owl?
Of course, an owl!
So..., the thief is the man with the glasses!
But an owl in the eye goes in a week.
"An owl... Now it's all cleared up."
"I know who the suspect of those robberies with murder is!"
(Takagi) What?
That that...
that robber could have successfully infiltrated?
(Takagi) -And now it's in this room? (Takagi) -Yes.
He previously summoned one of the guests of the ceremony,
murdered him... and stole his invitation.
That's why you two, who are the doubles of the groom and the bride,
must also be more alert than ever.
In addition, there is also another possibility.
What's that?
Another one?
What other possibility are you talking about?
Ah, that's right Yumi.
I had to ask you a small favor.
What is it?
Which one?
About it, Takagi, I'm sorry,
but can you leave the room for a little while?
We need to talk about girl stuff.
Okay..., I'll go to the bathroom.
Wait, I've been to the washroom before.
Anyway, I'll go again.
Of course you will!
I knew something like this was going to happen, so I took her!
You see?
Thank you very much, Yumi.
If we can't determine who the thief is
just by identifying them by the face they make...
Before the ceremony is held,
we'll have to take the fingerprints of these 3 people
that Miss Rey didn't recognize.
It's the only way we have
to see if their fingerprints match.
I beg you!
Do whatever you want for the rest!
If you were wrong...
We have no choice.
Apart from the fingerprints,
the only clues we have to the thief
is that you saw that he had an owl in his eye.
And it's been about half a year since the robbery took place;
it's safe to say he must have cured it by now.
And don't you remember the voice of the robber?
He told us that he felt like he was telling them that he would pay dearly for it.

Yes, but since he was hooded, I didn't hear him clearly.
Besides, if it was a distinctive voice for some reason,
we would have told the police half a year ago!
Inspector Megre!
The owners of the hall say they would like to start the ceremony.
Okay, let's start the ceremony now!
Let's start the ceremony now! Just a moment!
We'll be right there!
You!
Don't run so fast!
You wait.
Come on, let's go.
Eh?
Ooooh... Aaaaiiii... Aaaah...
Mr. Taira?
Mr. Taira!
Let us hold the wedding ceremony when it is scheduled!
If you are worried,
you and your agents can also be at the ceremony
and then they will stop being so negative!
After all, I think that thief they say won't come!
W-wait!
Mr. Taira!
(Kogoro voice) What's the problem?
Let him do whatever he wants.
Let him do what he wants?
Inspector Megre, listen to my deductions,
then, you will decide what kind of ceremony you want to be held.
You will make the decisions.
Eh?
What's it like?
There's no one in front of the hall?
I'm in Takagi!
I'm coming in!
I'm entering.
What?
Don't smoke!
No... there's no one.
What? What?
But why?
Ah!
Takagi, were you here?
A moment ago, Inspector Megre contacted us.
He said to stay here in this room until further notice.
To stay?
What about Yumi?
She also received a call from the inspector and has gone out.
Ah, understood... And may I know... where is she?
(Woman) Then will enter the room Miss Rey, the bride,
accompanied by her father who will give her his hand.
Please receive her with a round of applause.
(Boy) Wait a moment!
It's been half a year since we've seen each other..., couple!
(People: exclamations of surprise)
Take him!
I order you to take that man!
-Quiets!
Don't do anything foolish! - (shouting)
I knew perfectly well that there would be policemen at the ceremony!
Don't you worry.
When I've smashed this pair to smithereens, I'll get the field in here!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Stop doing comedy, that's not your forte....,
...inspector.
What the hell?
I'm the man who broke into that woman's house six months ago.
If you want to play a joke on us, I beg you to leave it alone.
You're just making a fool of yourself.
There's no way you're the thief who committed that robbery.
What the hell?
And why is that?
How do you know that?
How do you know this man is not the robber?
Huh?
Eh... Why?
Half a year ago, you showed up at Miss Rey's house...
and, when you threw the burglar out,
the house was completely dark.
I'm sure you couldn't tell what kind of build the man had.
B-because of the voice! Yes?
Didn't you say yourself that it wasn't a characteristic voice
that one could get stuck in one's head?
Well, we've seen it before!
There was a police inspector
who did the same voice as this man in the hood.
Wow!
Where did you see it?
I don't know.
I think it was in this building.
I'm sure I'm right.
We don't have any friends or acquaintances
who has a penchant for making these tasteless jokes.
Indeed, I can assure you...
that this man is one of my subordinates.
But, it is strange...
Because he is Investigator Chiba, one of my men..,
who has just arrived from the warehouse on the Teima River.
What?
Ahem... Mr. Taira, now I'm going to ask you again.
Why?
How did you know that he was not the thief in question?
I... this...
And I would also like to question you
about the gift from an unknown sender
that was brought to you in the waiting room.
I want him to explain why he opened it without any precautions.
In a situation like that, we didn't know the contents," he said,
"It is unthinkable that someone would open it without making any prior checks."
So that you could not know if there was anything dangerous or not....
And well..., that if it was impossible that you send them nothing dangerous,
that if it was impossible for that man to have come...
He said it with complete confidence.
And, in fact, it is not strange that he thought this way,

because you had already taken it upon yourself to assassinate him.
In the empty warehouse on the bank of the Teima River.
Yes, the suspect in the serial murder robbery cases!
(Takagi) Please give me an explanation!
Why the hell am I the only one who has to wait for this room?
(Man) "I already told you, I'm busy now."
Then, could you tell me where the hell Yumi and the Sato have gotten to.
It's not that much effort either.
The Sato should be in the waiting room.
watching that nothing happened to you.
- (Takagi) H-here she is not .- "Eh? Why not?"
Man, if I'm asking you it's because I don't know!
Oh...
Of course, please, I'd rather you didn't tease me...
at a time like this, Sato...
What do you mean?
That I murdered the thief?
How can you believe that I could have murdered the thief...
just because I thought it was impossible for the thief to come...
to a wedding ceremony where I am surrounded by policemen?
In the first place, before suspecting me,
you'd better take a look
the 3 people the King didn't recognize.
No, they are clean.
All 3 people have approached agent Yumi, the King's double,
thinking she was the bride.
Excuse me, please.
It's just that they look so much like some people I know.
Hello, Miss Masuda...
-Hello! -Ah!
If none of them had stolen the invitation
and impersonating someone else,
I would avoid approaching the bride
until it was time for the attack.
A person pretending to be someone else
would not have the slightest idea
of what kind of conversation he might have with the bride;
so talking to him would be foolhardy.
Especially since, when he broke into her house, she had heard his voice,
she had heard his voice.
Even the thief himself could not be sure
whether she would remember him or not.
I recognize that we were out of shape,
because until Mr. Mouri explained it to us,
we hadn't realized any of this.
But what about the ring finger?
All 3 were supposed to keep it hidden!
This is a simple coincidence.
If one of those three men was the thief
"And had been carrying that kitchen knife with fingerprints on it with gloves.
"at the time of committing the robbery...
"And we know that those fingerprints were left on her before the robbery."
the most normal thing is that he/she didn't remember if he/she had left prints...
of the right hand or the left hand.
If she wanted to hide them, she would cover both hands.
But your case is different!
After the robbery, you had the opportunity...
to hear from the police about the whole question of fingerprints.
That's why you made it clear
that you had broken the big toe on your left hand
and his arm was in a cast.
He could not thoughtlessly leave fingerprints behind;
he had to avoid being discovered by the police.
For one thing, the prints on that kitchen knife were left behind when you were fighting back,
they were left when you were fighting the thief.
Those prints were yours.
The fact that only the prints of the left hand were found...
is because you had your right hand occupied at the time.
Miss Rey has explained it to us quite well.
She was running away, groping in the dark,
"The thief caught her in the foyer and when you came to save her,
"She noticed that the thief had an owl in his eye."
If she could see that the suspect had an owl in his eye,
in the midst of that pitch darkness,
it means that when you went to save her you were carrying a flashlight.
That means that you...
(Kogoro voice) It means that he, at the time you came to save her, you knew perfectly well that there would be no one in the house,
knew perfectly well that in the house there would be no light of any kind.
That the accomplice had arranged for a blackout!
But, well, on that occasion,
you were lucky to find the door open
and to be able to fight the suspect on the floor of the hallway.
And it seems that the only prints you left on
the kitchen knife were from your right hand.
But if you betrayed your partner and saved Rey,
it was because you had approached Rey for the purpose of robbery,
and for some reason you took pity on her, right?
And your partner,

when he saw that you were leaving him in the lurch,
he threatened you and waited for his chance to take revenge.
Then, he allowed his partner to enter your house,
"You let him see the date of the ceremony,
"as it appeared on the computer,
"before you changed that date to today's date,
"thus making you believe that the wedding was yesterday."
"And yesterday you found your formal-dressed companion
"prowling around the wedding hall looking for you to murder you,
"Told him to let him explain himself or something like that,
"Took him to the empty warehouse on the Teima River... and murdered him."
Change!
It more or less makes this impression.
But if I helped this woman it was because by marrying her
I would get more money than by carrying her.
-How dare you talk like that!
I explained it to my partner countless times, but there was no way he understood,
but there was no way he could understand.
Since it was too much for me to bear it, I had to carry it.
Because that guy was a brainless imbecile
who only knew how to open safes.
That's right, a guy as dumb as you guys!
You assholes!
I don't know how to display a weapon like this
in front of a thief and serial killer!
"Wrong!"
Wait!
Conan!
It's useless!
Except for the bride's father, all the people here are police officers!
You can't run away! Run away, you say?
If I let them examine my fingerprints, it will be the end of me!
Therefore, I want to take a gift to the next world.
I'll take as many as I can!
Yu-Yumi!
Yumi!
Yumi! Yumi!
Yumi?
Yumi?
Too bad, isn't it?
You wish it was Miwako.
Aren't these Sato's clothes you're wearing?
Yes!
We've exchanged them!
I've left her hair the way I wore it with hair wax.
What did you swap?
I've been glued to you all day
because I wanted to... to spur Miwako on
and make her want to wear her wedding dress.
Miwako has made an immense effort to become your bride.
As she has a strong muscular back,
in the end there was no way for the vest to fit her...
And where is Sato?
As the inspector asked us to take her to the chapel,
I took it to her, but after the...
"Yu-Yumi!"
This is the first one.
It can't be!
Did you know that?
The wires they put on the corsets are pretty hard.
Mi-Miwako! Sato?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ah!
That's bad!
Get out of the way!
Quiet!
With this dress I can't do a complete dislocation!
That's good!
Ujo... it's true.
They're normal shoes.
Get out of the way, brat! Conan!
Ran!
Stop!
Already been a good idea? Surely.
Sato!
Wait for it!
Sa-sato!
What?
You won't escape!
Iaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
Takagi?
Hurray!
I got it!
Takagi?
Why did you...?
I should be asking you this.
(guffaws)
Takagi, what the hell are you doing?
"The Ran and researcher Sato are scary..."
So you had already realized,
that boyfriend was suspicious, right, Sato?
Yes... Actually, I realized it much later.
It was something that came out in the video they brought to the waiting room.
Even though his left hand was broken
he'd been able to put on that zippered shirt only
when he went to change.
It occurred to me that he was wearing that cast to hide his fingerprints.
Besides, he hadn't said anything about the burglar who had broken into his house either.
Of course, if the police investigated the house,
it would be discovered that the fingerprints were those of that bloodthirsty burglar.
I also thought that we couldn't leave the bride
with such a dangerous man, and I exchanged for e-Yumi,
who had been playing double for him all the time!
-My-te-la!
If you looked rather happy to wear it, that wedding dress.
Not especially.
Besides, that kind of dress doesn't suit me.
You're sure?
But we got a good surprise, didn't we?
Who would have thought that this gentleman was a famous photographer
hired to make an advertising poster for the wedding hall?
(Sato) Come on, don't smoke!
I'm dying of embarrassment...
So hurry up!
Don't stop!
Hurry up!
Come on Yumi!
Takagi, wake up!
Come on, come on!

"I'm glad the foreboding dream simply ended like this."
Izawa, Yamamoto and Murakoshi.... We have 3 left to interrogate.
If you have them removed, you'll be reported for destruction of other people's property.
I know that already.
But, Chiba, what the hell are you doing?
Blow, this is to fall backwards!
It's as if from that sign
those ghosts that you like so much should come out.
That someone wants to kill him?
Listen, wasn't that the sign?
I saw it too!
Stop it!
And the next Conan: "The mounts against magic, (part one)"
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

