A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
Is the truth that hides this illusionist murder
Is it a clever set-up or a magic trick that blurs the view?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
"In Kogoro he received a call from Geny Fuyuki, a famous magician,
"and he asked him to meet urgently."
"One of the members of his company
"was looking to assassinate Mr. Fuyuki,
"and so he asked Mr. Kogoro
"to stop that person."
"In the company, there were five other people."
"The Misa Uehara, an assistant. The Chiaki Nakagawa, also helping."
"On Kazuma Ishida, in charge of video recordings."
"On Shingo Shoji, stage manager."
"And Minoru Hasegawa, crane operator."
"After the commissioning, shortly after I began research,
"The magic show began."
"And then..."
What?
Damn it!
Mr. Fuyuki!
Mr. Fuyuki!
(Trona)
THE ASSEMBLIES AGAINST MAGIC, (SECOND PART)
"(Audience: exclamations of surprise)"
"Mr. Fuyuki! Mr. Fuyuki!"
(Shoji) "What are you doing? Open the tank lid, hurry up!"
"(Shouting)"
(Shoji) "The curtain! Lower the curtain, please! Hasegawa!"
"Lift the lid right now!"
"An ambulance! Call for an ambulance!"
- "Fuyuki!" - "Fuyuki! Fuyuki!"
(Girl) "Fuyuki!"
(Shoji) "Mr. Mouri! Give him mouth to mouth!"
"Mr. Fuyuki! Mr. Fuyuki!"
"Director! (Shoji) "Director! Director!"
(Girls) "Fuyuki!"
"Fuyuki!"
(Shoji) "Fuyuki, you must resist!"
(Girls) "Fuyuki! Fuyuki!"
(All) "Fuyuki! Fuyuki!"
"It's useless..."
- "(Girls: cry)" - (Hasegawa) "Director!"
I've been recording up to here, there's nothing else.
One gawks at it.
-But it's very valuable footage.
It's admirable that you were able to keep recording all this.
No...
Thanks to the video recorded on stage,
we've been able to get an overall picture of the events.
But how was this magic trick supposed to end?
When the curtain went up,
you had to find the right one on top of the water tank, that's all.
And... how was it supposed to come out of the water tank?
Well..., you know....
We can't tell you, this, inspector.
And why not?
It's a vital piece of information for the investigation.
Mr. Inspector.
No matter how much you tell us this is for the investigation,
we can't reveal the secret of a magic trick.
I know what it is!
That magic trick has a little secret
in the lid of the water tank, right?
I knew it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What's that you knew?
Yeah, check this out.
Huh?
This knocker doesn't have the pin through it
that held it in place.
That's right, when the assistants locked both of Mr. Fuyuki's feet,
"They did it by putting shackles,
and, in addition to that, by putting some locks on these shelves, right?
"Both the one and the other are real,
"But they've quickly pulled the pin out of the hasp shaft."
In this way, the lid can be opened easily.
"Then they have put Mr. Fuyuki inside the water tank,
"They hid it with the curtain..."
"With his abs he would stand up straight,
"He'd pull the hidden handle under the lid close.
"And he'd stick his head out of the lid and catch his breath."
That's right, there is a handle.
(Takagi) So, he did it like this?
After that, Mr. Fuyuki would dive back into the water.
(Takagi) "When the curtain rises,

"He made it look to the public that he was fighting..."
"Look, Dad!"
"Wait a minute, it's comedy. He didn't do the sign!"
"And when the curtain was lowered again,
"He freed himself from the handcuffs
"that would have been put on him so that he could easily remove them."
"And again with his abs, he would stand up straight."
"He climbed out by grabbing the handle hidden under the lid...
"And he could climb out of the water tank."
-Now I get it! -Conan, you're so smart.
He-he-he-he!
It's just that I've seen it on TV.
Listen, have you found any mistakes in this explanation?
-No. Well, that's what it was all about.
Let's see, what do you think about this?
According to the coroner's report,
there's a good chance that Mr. Fuyuki died from drowning.
The question is to determine whether this is an accident
or caused by someone else.
I know, Mr. Inspector!
This is a murder...
y... the murderer is...
Miss Misa Uehara and Miss Chiaki Nakagawa!
What!
-Wait a minute! -Why is that?
Well, because you two have agreed...
to assassinate Mr. Fuyuki,
and you made it look like you were pulling the knocker pin out of the lid...
when in fact you didn't!
-You must be joking!
We pulled out the pegs as usual!
-Look! -Watch carefully!
For starters, the lid opens normally!
Can't you see?
When you were trying to help Mr. Fuyuki,
you have taken advantage of it to pull out the pins.
But, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
Chiaki and I were by Fuyuki's body.
It was you who had the lid!
Yes?
Really?
Mr. Kogoro.
At that time, the lid wasn't open?
Mmmm..., I wouldn't know what to tell you.
I was concentrating on getting him out of there too.
But when I pulled his feet out of the shackles,
the lid opened without any difficulty.
That means that they had pulled out the pins.
What if we took another look at the video you recorded in Kazuma?
It's after that.
(At the same time) Hey?
Why did you change your plan?
So that the trick could be seen.
Even if you kept filming it wouldn't be discovered!
Quiet, please.
Can you show us the part that Mr. Shoji mentioned?
The moment when Shoji pulled out Mr. Fuyuki's toe cap?
- "Fuyuki!" - "Fuyuki!"
- "Fuyuki!" - "Fuyuki!"
Comes next.
(Girls) "Fuyuki! Fuyuki!"
(Shoji) "Mr. Mouri! Give him mouth to mouth!"
"Mr. Fuyuki! Mr. Fuyuki!"
- (Hasegawa) "Director!" - (girls) "Fuyuki!"
- "Director!" - "Fuyuki!"
Stop, sisplau.
Yes.
Why did you change your plan?
-It's true!
I didn't record the most important thing!
I'm sorry...
Inspector, what a pity.
It seems that the chances
that Misa and Chiaki committed the crime are rather slim.
- "Kazuma!" - "Yes!"
By the way, Kazuma, let's see,
did you give something to Mr. Fuyuki during the break?
Ah, that was medicine.
Medication?
What kind of medicine?
It's a beta blocker.
A-a beta blocker?
It's a blocker.
If you take it, it can lower your heart rate.
It's always taken 15 minutes prior to the performance
of the water-dodging trick,
because he has to hold his breath underwater for a very long time.
And he gave it on Mr. Fuyuki's orders?
Of course he did!
I know that!
You have exchanged the contents of the capsule
for a powerful muscle relaxant!
No harassing women?
Let's see.
What's on your mind, Takagi?
He said "muscle relaxant"!
If you take this drug,
it produces a pathology similar to myasthenia.
The hands and feet lose strength,
and you couldn't sit up with your abdominals.
But when they have lifted the curtain the first time,
Mr. Fuyuki was struggling in anguish,
even though he didn't give the warning signal.
Eh?
At that time, the drug had not yet taken effect.
He felt the effects when he tried to sit up for the second time.
Stop the car, please!
I respected the teacher, why would I want to kill him?

Weren't you supposed to have deeply detested Fuyuki deep down?
You've been here for a long time
and he wouldn't let you go on stage like a real magician.
No..., it's not fair...
Proof of that,
is that while everyone else was rushing to help Fuyuki,
"You continued to film with the video camera on the sidelines."
"If you really felt respect for your teacher,
there's no way you would have stayed"
recording the scene when it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
I did it because... my master repeated to me, day in and day out,
that if nothing ever happened I should continue filming too.
He said that that would be the irrefutable proof
that Geny Fuyuki was a great magician.
Miss Forensic.
Yes, what do you want?
So, this business of exchanging one drug for another?
Of course I didn't do it!
So, you want a blood test on the victim?
Got it.
All yours.
I guess it'll be a while before we get the results of the blood tests.
You'll all stay in the waiting room
until they tell us something.
Conan, what's wrong?
I'm going to the bathroom.
Coi as a kid!
(thinks) "I have to remember that trick. It's somewhere."
"The assembly of the murderer has been hidden with something."
"After that, the chain has been down all the time."
"Come to think of it, before that too."
"That could be it."
All right, all right, let's take another look at the video.
(At the same time) Yes, sir!
(Sato: call)
But, Takagi! Takagi, what the hell are you doing?
-Sorry, forgive me, forgive me, don't don't fly. -Don't donkey!
Man, have some dignity.
"But what's this one doing?"
"Come to think of it,
"After having lowered the curtain for the second time,
"Everything's gone dark."
"This knocker..."
Hey, man, did you find something?
Ah... Doesn't this knocker here look strange to you?
Normally, the central axis of the knocker is the longest, right?
That's right.
You are very observant!
And what figure is this hole?
I've been thinking about it too.
It looks like something to open it "a posteriori".
"A posteriori"?
Ah, hello, Conan!
You've spent half your life in the bathroom.
I just have a bit of a stomachache.
I'm a little boy.
Wait a minute, this..,
have you always used the same shelves on the lid of the tank?
The shelves?
No, they were very old,
and not long ago we changed them for new ones.
Mmmm... And who changed the shelves?
Back to the bathroom!
"I've got it! Now I'm missing proofs!"
We have to look at it carefully!
It's possible that we've all missed something.
"Call for an ambulance!"
- "Fuyuki!" - "Fuyuki!"
(Girls) "Fuyuki! Fuyuki!"
"I've already found the proof!"
"I knew it, the murderer is that person!"
You haven't found anything?
No.
According to the report from the police laboratories,
all indications are that no traces of any muscle relaxant were detected
in Mr. Fuyuki's blood.
-Kazuma was clean from the beginning.
Yeah... And we didn't get anything out of that video recording either,
so we can't hold back any longer.
Ladies and gentlemen, sorry to keep you waiting.
Coi!
I was sure I wasn't wrong.
Mr. Kogoro...
Marrec, what do you want? He-he-he-he-he...
It's here!
What's this strange thing you say?
Here, I don't see anything at all.
Hey, kid!
Ouch.
Oooooh...
Eh?
Mr. Mouri?
Yes, he wants everyone to gather on stage.
Inspector!
It could be him! Have we got him yet?
Already inspired?
Excuse me, Investigator Chiba.
Mr. Kogoro!
I've already gathered them all!
(Kogoro voice) Listen,
the case this time has been truly unique.
And by that I mean...
the fact that this stage was that of a magic show
implied that there were already a number of set-ups.
The murderer has superimposed on all of these set-ups
a homegrown montage.
Because of this, there have been 2 or 3 different montages.
(He thinks) "And it was a mistake on my part....
"Not to have realized this much earlier."
(Kogoro voice) Without having delayed, I will be able to show it to you.
I'm talking about the one who has taken Mr. Fuyuki's precious life.

by ingenious editing.
Mr. Shingo Shoji, stage director, it's you!
What?!
What are you saying?
You, who, theoretically, were behind the stage watching the monitor?
while the water evasion trick was being performed..,
in reality you were not there...
You were right above the water tank.
But if you were on top of it, wouldn't the audience have seen you?
Miss Misa and the other people on stage?
No, you couldn't be seen from the stalls.
The lighting was directed
so that the upper part of the tank was in darkness.
And the Mass, in Hasegawa and the other people on the stage, neither.
-Yes, we couldn't see him pas.-In effect...
Assuming that the murderer was on top of the water tank,
how did he manage to kill Mr. Fuyuki?
In the footage taken from the audience side, no one was seen approaching the water tank,
no one was seen approaching the water tank.
That's right!
It is impossible to approach the tank
without being seen by the public or without coming out to the camera.
Impossible?
This is not true.
"You were on the beam above the warehouse."
"And when the curtain has been raised.
"To show that Mr. Fuyuki was struggling desperately.
"You took the opportunity to climb down to the lid...
"For the crane chain."
As an exmag that you are,
your agility made it possible for you to put this technique into practice.
And after having climbed down to the top,
you put in the pins that we had mentioned, right?
But how did you make it all the way back to the ceiling beam?
Mr. Shoji didn't go back to the ceiling beam.
He came out from under the water tank.
From under the water tank?
After the curtain came down,
"He jumped to the ground from under the tank lid."
"And at the moment when the stage was completely dark,
"he climbed out from under the curtain
and ran to the back of the stage.
Then, when everyone saw that something was wrong with Fuyuki,
he ordered his body to be lowered on the floor
and, avoiding the camera's and the audience's gaze...
...quickly pulled out the pins!
Takagi, please search Mr. Shoji!
-I beg your pardon. -All right.
(Shoji) Escorcolli'm thoroughly, please.
I couldn't bear to be treated like a murderer anymore.
Inspector, I haven't found anything! You've searched well enough?
But a pin is tiny,
it could have been undone by throwing it anywhere.
Let's see, according to the forensic police report,
they haven't found these pegs anywhere.
(Takagi) Well, it must be in the hallway or in the waiting room.
Inspector Chiba has been watching them the whole time they've been there.
And even if we found these pegs,
we wouldn't find any evidence to prove that he would have gotten rid of them.
There is one piece of evidence.
This thing that Mr. Shoji used,
it wasn't really a pin, but a ring.
A ring?
Mr. Inspector!
Look at the shelves above the tank lid, please.
The shelves of the lid?
You will see that there is an unusual hole in the knocker shaft.
This?
By inserting a ring that can be opened through the knocker hole
and, by closing it, you can prevent the lid from opening.
And that ring...,
Mr. Shoji, you wear it on the middle finger of your left hand.
Excuse me.
I found it!
It's a ring with two rings.
That ring with two rings has a shaft
that allows them to separate easily.
And it is made in such a way that they can fit together and close without any problem.
That's right.
How do you intend to explain this?
We magicians always carry one or two magic objects with us!
First of all, you don't have any proof...
to prove that I've used this ring.
You are a sore loser.
Then, let's go back to watching the video Kazuma recorded.
Investigator Chiba!
"Mr. Fuyuki! Mr. Fuyuki!"
Pari'l!
(Takagi) Eh?
It's the ring!
This means...
It's obvious that I've been wearing that ring all along!
Let's look at this video a little further back.
(Takagi) "An ambulance!"
(Sato) He's not wearing the ring!
After that, after I've moved away from the tank lid,
he pulled out the ring that had gone through the knocker shaft.

and freed Mr. Fuyuki's feet.
Mr. Shoji, tell me, do you admit your crime?
I don't regret it, inspector.
Because in the end I have shown you
the best magic trick of my whole life.
What did you say?!
Mr. Shoji, magic is for entertaining people.
You can't use a stage to commit a crime.
You not only prove that you are a failure as a magician,
but also as a person!
It's been a long time coming.
But you've made a great deduction this time too.
I guess... What can I say, I can't remember anything.
(thinks) "Wait! This could be good magic!"
Father, what's wrong with you?
Ran, from now on I won't call myself "Sleeping Kogoro",
now I'll call myself "Kogoro, the magician"!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What?
"I'm putting him back to sleep?"
A threat comes to the theatrical company of Tamanosuke,
who is waiting for the moment to present the theatrical work
they will do to Konpiracho's Kanamaruza!
The note demands that they change the heroine.
The sender of the letter is, surprisingly,
Konpira's ghost!
It is a case similar to that of the opera ghost.
Strange and incomprehensible things happen,
while the play opens the curtain.
And then...
And the next Conan: "The Ghost of Konpira."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

