A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
As we wait impatiently for the play to begin,
the commotion of a ghost rises on Konpira's stage.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
What did you say?
That the police have stopped in Tamanosuke?
Conan, please!
Help my little brother!
Calm down, woman, calm down.
But what happened?
They say that Mr. Nabeshima has murdered the scenery designer!
But Tamanosuke would be incapable of such a thing!
They say they found him on the floor passed out
next to Mr. Nabeshima with the knife in his hand.
So, he was unconscious?
He was wearing the mask of that ghost and was covered in blood.
What?
And now they are saying
that the hustle and bustle of Konpira's ghost was the director's doing!
It's not true!
Father, let's go to the police station right now!
Yes, let's go!
(Man) That he was summoned with this letter?
Yes.
"Abandon! I want to offer flowers on your heroic death."
"I wait for you in the pines, the morning that sights the funerary monument. Rausu."
This is another of those enigmas that is solved by taking out the "healthy".
Identical to those threatening letters
of that so-called ghost of Konpira.
Yes, sir.
If we read this making the corrections in turn....
"I want to talk to you about the Renge."
"I'll wait for you on the esplanade of the funerary monument. Rausu."
"And when you have gone..."
Exactly, sir!
Why would someone do such a thing?
Because it's obvious that the person who did it is Konpira's ghost.
Ya...
He sent me letters threatening me
to change the heroine of my play,
made the structure of the paper lanterns fall on top of the Romi,
changed her mouth elixir...
-That's the only thing you can think of! -Maybe it's true.
Mr. Rausu says the same thing about this matter.
And he says it was you who quoted him!
No, I'm not saying...
that Tamanosuke is the ghost you're looking for.
I can only tell you that it's true that he summoned me.
With this, right?
Mr. Tamanosuke says he received a letter identical to this one.
Except that his, instead of "park",
it says "funerary monument" and that you're listed as the sender.
-So, did you show up for the appointment? -Yes, I did.
But Tamanosuke did not come.
Naturally, so that at that time he was at the scene of the crime.
So, did you meet anyone or see anyone in the park?
Wait... I swear...
Romi?
Well, you didn't notice Mr. Rausu's presence.
But what was he doing in the park?
Now I understand.
It will be a great honor to have your help!
Ahem...
I would like you to tell me
about the evidence that shows Mr. Tamanosuke Ito as a suspect.
I understand that he was holding the murder weapon.
But Tamanosuke is supposed to have been found unconscious, right?
It could also be thought that someone else has put it in his hand.
Yes, exactly.
Surely that's it!
Do you have anything on this detail?
The truth is that he's been hit in the back of the head.
"But you could also think that he slipped...
"while struggling with the victim and that he has screwed up once..."
With the plinth of the funerary monument.
With the base of the monument?
-Please explain it to us. -Yes, sir.
Just behind the place where the victim was found,
there's a funerary monument that sits on top of a plinth.
-And what must be the motive for the crime? -Perhaps the motive is economic.
As he had been a worker of the former boss of the company,
he must have demanded to be paid in advance.
And it seems that the victim must have... pulled the strings too tight.
It can't be. It's impossible.

And another thing!
I should have tried to set a trap for Mr. Rausu
to make him look like Konpira's ghost, to accuse him of the crime...
and, in this way, make Miss Renge think only of him.
This doesn't make any sense either.
The two of them have always been in love.
And how angry it makes me....
But he had no need to do what he said.
(Kogoro) That's exactly why!
It all started to happen when Mr. Rausu showed up, remember?
When it comes to a man and a woman,
you can't tell from the outside what's going on between them.
Yes, that's right.
The way things are looking, there's no way they'll make the premiere.
-If the director is a suspect...
-Too bad.
Renge Kataoka had been really amazing.
-You believe in Tamanosuke, don't you? -He believed in me, too.
That's why... he asked me to replace Romi.
You were magnificent.
But I was afraid.
I didn't think I could do it.
And then... the angel of music... the ghost..,
she gave me encouragement.
Eh?
-It's not you, is it? -Are you suspecting me?!
I don't know... I don't know anymore, I don't know what to think or who I can trust!
If this brings you so much suffering, leave the theater forever!
Renge, I want you to live your life with me.
Don't smoke...
I'm sorry.
Now I'm worried about the director
and it's not the time to talk about it, I'm sorry.
As you wish, I understand.
Tell the director what I'm going to tell you.
The damage I have suffered as a sponsor is extremely serious.
I will be forced to withdraw my sponsorship.
It's not fair!
But... as for you, things are very different.
I will never give up!
Forgive us, we didn't come here with the intention of listening to the conversation.
Renge, was that true?
The ghost cheered you up?
Yes, but I wasn't very happy.
Although for a moment, I was happy with the applause.
This is not true.
You earned it!
But... that thing about the ghost animating the new heroine comes back again.
It's like the Phantom of the Opera...
Yes.
And that freaked me out.
Hey, Renge, who did it?
If Tamanosuke didn't do it, it must be a Rausu thing?
Or is it a real ghost?
A spirit?
A monster?
(Thinking) "No, that's impossible."
"It was that!"
Conan, what are you doing?
What is this?
A speaker?
Yes, a wireless.
You must have felt him through the speaker.
In fact, that day I also felt the voice of the ghost.
Are you for real, Conan? So, this means that...
Konpira's ghost is neither a ghost nor a monster.
We'll ask the father to look at it again!
I'm coming too!
"I have to hurry too!"
"There is something that puzzled me at the beginning."
"The threatening letters with the reading in code without the 'sa',
"The ghost's actions identical to those of the phantom in the opera..."
"It seems to me that all the actions were aimed,
"Deliberately, to make an impression on third persons."
"But the murder makes an impression
"that has no point of comparison."
"It's as if the crime has to give me a clue."
"The base of the monument is this?"
"It's an optimal place for a murderer to hide."
Father, do something!
Even though we've come this far,
if things aren't fixed we won't be able to see Tamanosuke's work!
Ah, don't worry about that!
Investigator Oonishi called me just now.
They have released Tamanosuke Ito without charges
and, instead, they have now requested...
Mr. Tatsuhiko Rausu to come forward as a witness for the prosecution...
and it seems that she is now being questioned.
There is no doubt that this time they have got it right.
To the staff to climb the staircase they have found at the scene,
they have detected the victim's fingerprints and also those of Rausu.
It seems that when he was struggling with the victim he came to touch.
In addition, to his vehicle...
Don't be ridiculous!
I don't know what cane you're talking about!
And I don't remember putting anything in the trunk of my car!
It seems that at the "premiere" last night,
that famous ghost appeared and all hell broke loose...
The whole audience thought it was part of the play,

But at that time, you weren't using the projector, were you?
Yes, I was!
That's how you did it!
You must be joking!
Are you insinuating that I did that?
If I used a remote control,
I could control the operation of the projector from the stalls.
This is impossible!
And then we have the recorder and the transmitter.
This explains... why Miss Renge felt...
the voice of the ghost that you had recorded.
You wanted her to feel it!
We have also seized the loudspeaker found in her dressing room.
You did it all because you wanted her to give you her heart
and in order to get it, you set a trap for Mr. Tamanosuke!
-Is that what this is about? -I don't allow him to play these pranks!
Little brother!
Little brother!
Sorry to have troubled you.
Where are they all?
-They're at the hotel. -Let's go.
Anyway, we have to discuss what we'll do with today's premiere.
Yes!
Thank you very much, Conan!
"The problem is that foundation..."
"If the suspect was standing right there on
"And he could stab Mr. Nabeshima..."
Of course!
An alibi.
I have an alibi!
But it won't help you either... Was it a lie?
"Weren't you on the esplanade in the park rehearsing to get your voice back?"
"It seems that if I didn't improve,
"I was afraid you'd be cut from the cast."
"So she thought
"That by giving a favorable testimonial to the sponsor,
"They wouldn't."
This is what we have been told.
How do you say?
And why would you do something like that?
Mm?
What's the matter with you?
Excuse me, let me go to the bathroom, please.
"There's something else."
"The projector to project the ghost."
"If it could be activated from the stalls
"By means of a remote control,
"It means it was somewhere else."
"Of course, it could also be on the stage!"
Ah, Mr. Inspector.
Digues.
You're with detective Mouri.
Mr. Mouri has asked me
to come here to ask you a question.
Mr. Mouri?
Come on in.
Where on that cane were Rausu's footprints?
Ah!
They were on the adhesive tape! On the tape?
The color and way of putting the tape around the cane varies from store to store.
varies from store to store.
What store was that cane from?
We have not found a store that matches that cane.
Since that one is a phosphorescent tape,
I thought we'd find it right away, but no.
"Phosphorescent tape?"
"Yes, I've got it! I know who the real killer is!"
Tatsuhiko Rausu has fled, he has fled!
-What?! - I beg your pardon, sir.
I've taken my eyes off him for a second and....
We have to stop right now!
You have no love for me!
You don't love me!
You don't love me!
(Range) Let go of me!
Let go of me!
But it's your destiny to stay with me forever!
Your destiny is to stay with me.
(Audience: standing ovation)
"He's as unscrupulous as the other times."
"But why does he bother to tell us where he is?"
"We have no choice but to go!"
Conan!
You haven't seen the Renge?
Tamanosuke...
This is... It's a Rausu thing?
Conan, were you here?
We've been looking all over for you!
Why are you making that worried face?
(Tamanosuke) Renge, where are you? Renge!
(Sonoko) Renge! Renge!
Renge!
Look over there!
Rausu!
Where's the Renge?
Wait, Rausu!
Dear maiden, we shall die together!
We plunge into the depths of darkness!
Let go of me!
Let go of me!
Wait, ghost!
Let go of the girl!
Renge!
(Sonoko's voice) Stop it!
Sonoko? Konpira's ghost!
I know perfectly well that you're not really Mr. Rausu!
And I also know that in the beginning,
your goal wasn't to commit murder.
Isn't that right?
Let's get this over with, Romi.
But, was it her? No way!
Exactly, your behavior was strange at first.
"So it was all the product of a drama that you had made up yourself."
It was all comedy?
Why did you do it?
Naturally, to set a trap for Mr. Rausu.
Romi... why?
To get revenge for what his father did.
Yeah, the late president of Rausu Concern.
That ex stole my father's business,

and, as a result, he died of an illness.
-And my mother followed him... How!
I was left alone in the world and the only thing I had left was the theater.
The idea of revenge didn't even cross my mind.
But then, I got this job offer.
Now is the time!
Now is the time!
It seemed that the father and mother were calling me from the other world!
And that's why you accepted?
At first I had no intention of killing anyone.
I just wanted to sink this work
and cover the name of Mr. Rausu, who is a sponsor, with shame.
Then, I started to put more pressure on the Renge....
"There was no way this girl was going to make it."
"I was sure the play would be a resounding failure."
"But it was a huge success."
"I had forgotten that Renge was also an actress."
Just like this girl, when someone pushes me,
I take flight and change the situation.
But, Romi...
And that man realized everything.
Queen, I can now say goodbye to all my duties.
To whom do I owe the honor?
(Romi) "Yes, I could not allow...
(Romi) "That the revenge of my father and my mother be half-finished."
"You murder that man and I would charge the murder to the other!"
"I got the impression that they were telling me to do it that way!"
So, you went to meet Mr. Nabeshima on that esplanade...
and you waited hidden behind the funerary monument.
"If the murderer was on top of that foundation...
"And they stabbed from up there Mr. Nabeshima,
"This means he was a person of short stature."
"Exactly."
"You're going to think that if someone, like a woman, did it,
"She could approach the vicinity of Mr. Nabeshima's neck
"With the blade of a knife."
"And that adhesive tape
"Was the tape that Mr. Rausu had accidentally touched."
"The police would think that finding Tamanosuke unconscious would indicate
"that the murder had been committed by Mr. Rausu,
"that he wanted to take the Renge away from en Tamanosuke."
"Afterwards, you let Mr. Rausu see her,
"And then, by changing your testimony,
"You made Mr. Rausu leave a bad impression."
"Also, while he was waiting for Tamanosuke to show up,
(Romi) "You put the projector and the other devices in his trunk."
(Romi) "Yes, but, as I suspected, Mr. Rausu noticed."
Come out where you are from!
I know very well what you've done!
(Romi) At this point,
I thought I had no way out but to go all the way.
Mr. Rausu runs away from the police
and takes his own life after murdering Renge.
But I see that girl saw it all coming.
No, Romi!
Don't do it!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Poor you, you unhappy being.
Damn you!
Tamanosuke!
Conan!
(Coughing)
(Sonoko voice) Romi, you've taken a person's life...
and then you even want to take yourself out?
Are you also going to blame it on your parents?
Whether it's the circumstances or not,
you have done something that no person should ever do.
You have to do penance for your actions.
You have no right to just die!
And, but I will say more: if you have taken the trouble...
to leave us an advertisement of the place where we could easily find you,
it means that you were wishing that someone would come and stop you.
Someone to stop what you were going to do.
Sonoko, everything has been solved thanks to you.
Eh?
I solved a case again?
"While you were sleeping, right?"
I'm sorry, Rausu.
But I'm going to keep doing theater... with the director.
Forever.
Renge...
Understood.
(Applause)
Ha-ha-ha!
What fun!
But you have to do a lot of força.
I think it's nice.
Instead of kneading noodles, I have the kidneys kneaded from exhaustion!
Beer!
I want a beer!
"Wherever he goes, he always says the same thing."
You know, this is the conclusion...
of that famous movie that has been running for 20 years.
How strange...
Look, these are 2 tickets...
for the preview that was made 3 years ago.
They were kept in this notebook and never used.
It could be that this person...
no longer had the slightest intention of coming back here.

And the next Conan: "The preview of karma and friendship."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

