A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
A spring jumps unexpectedly at a movie preview.
The Junior Detective League puts the brakes on a case.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(Woman) The game is over.
You have no way out.
Dark Sashimu, you're finished!
What are you saying?
You can already catch a big fish like me?
(Man: high-pitched voice) Don't think.
Be like water.
(Man) Witness the denouement of the legend.
(Agasa) There's a queue so long it's scary.
You know, it's the last film of that famous saga...
that have been made for 20 years.
(Agasa) It was unthinkable that we would be able to get tickets
for the preview of a movie like this.
-Yoko Okino gave them to you, didn't she?
Yes, you can thank me now.
"After all, I was the one who asked Mr. Kogoro...
"to ask him for them, thinking he had nothing to lose, either."
Well...
I'm still alive!
Now you will know my power!
I am in Dark Sashimu, the sacred sword of darkness!
This power has nothing to do against me,
in Bei-Ju, the sword of light.
I, the swordsman of the flame,
will eliminate you with this sword of the sun of Kisasa!
(He thinks) "You are not at all grateful to me, I see."
THE PREVIEW OF KARMA AND FRIENDSHIP.
Children, be still.
Stand in line without fuss.
Why can't we play?
We already have tickets.
Whether we queue or not, we'll get in.
When it's time to go in, we'll go in.
But today the seats will be on a first come, first served basis.
If we don't line up, we can't get a good seat.
Yes.
That's true.
Every time I think I'm going to see it before my friends...
-I'm so excited. I can't stand still.
In this case, you must believe that you are really the character.
In Dark Sashimu's two-sword fight,
the long sword in the right hand and the short sword in the left hand.
And then, the eye that in Bei-Ju is covered is the left one.
And the sun sword of Kisasa is long,
so you must lengthen and use it like this.
Be amazing!
You could lengthen it!
Boy, you are very well informed.
Yes.
The truth is that I also have the toys of these children.
"Come on, he's a fan of those..."
Hey, you like Star Blade too?
Yeah, the first movie, I saw it when I was your age...
and I've been a big fan ever since.
Also, the first time I saw my girlfriend...
was at the preview of this movie.
I see she's not here today, your girlfriend.
Yes..., it's just that she had a hard time coming...
You two had a fight?
Don't tell me you're only going to get one ticket?
It's not what you think!
It happens that in Narukawa, my friend from Star Blade called me yesterday...
and he got really annoyed...
asking me to leave this ticket for him.
Bad move.
You should be more careful with your entry.
-It's a very important entry.
E-Excuse me, please.
"Soon the cinema doors will open."
Look!
It's in Dark Taki, the dark swordsman.
-It's true!
Guys, do you want me to take a picture of you with him?
Yes! Yes!
Very good, all smiling.
Thank you very much! -Ah... You're welcome.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Don't worry about it.
I'm actually this.
Bungo Tate.
Oh, you're a photographer!
Aren't you?
Yes, so, I guarantee it'll be a good picture.
Listen to this.
You want us to take a picture of you?
Really? You can leave the camera to me.
You can leave the camera to me.
See the camera...
(Click)
Thank you.
I'll send you the picture.
Can you put your name and address there?
Yes, right away.
Let's see...
(Click)
-Have you already written it? -Yes...

I will develop them and after I have them done,
I will send them to you at this address here.
Naturally, I won't charge you anything, so you can rest assured.
We will have a great time with Dark Taki!
Yes!
Let's see what happens with him in this movie.
-It's so strong that I can't stand the excitement.
Everything will be fine!
I'm sure Bei-Ju and the Kisasa will give...
a good lesson to Dark Taki.
Evil never triumphs over good.
(Mobile)
I'm being paged.
Tate, tell me.
Ah, hello Narukawa.
What is it?
Go right now in front of the second Okuho building?
Uh, yes.
Got it... I'll be right back.
Excuse me, please, can you hold the place for me?
-I'll leave you my stuff.
O-Okay, no problem.
I'll be right back.
- (man) Excuse me, Grandpa... Huh?
-Did that guy say something to you? -Say... like what?
He didn't swipe your wallet?
No, and now!
He just took a picture of us.
He asked us, too, insistently.
if we wanted to take a picture.
He didn't stop, he was very annoying.
I thought it was a new way of stealing from us...
-It seems that we were confused.
(Tate) Hey!
Narukawa!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
But, man, what's with the call from before?
The one who called me and asked me to introduce myself here was you!
Please forgive me, it was a little mistake.
If you don't need me for anything, I'm going home!
I don't have time to waste.
Don't get on, I'm sure you'll like...
the gift you'll get...
your best friend with all your heart...
The guy from before said something strange, don't you think?
He said that Bei-Ju and the Kisasa would teach Dark Taki a lesson!
And also that evil never triumphs over good.
Let's see, the most normal thing in the world...
is that the heroes of justice defeat the evil ones, isn't it?
But, to the previous movie, in Dark Taki became his friend!
He betrayed in Dark Sashimu!
When he takes off his skull mask he is very handsome!
He sure is a good person!
Wait a minute, but why should he say something like that?
Do you mean that this movie will betray someone again?
What?
This, surely, is...
because you haven't seen the previous movie, the "Star Blade V".
Hey!
Don't snoop around.
Look, these are 2 tickets for the preview 3 years ago.
They were kept inside this notebook
and never got to use them.
Listen... The stain on one of the tickets...
It's probably a bloodstain.
It looks like it was stained a long time ago, but....
(At the same time) Blood ?!
Don't tell me that someone fought
to get blood for this entry?
I don't know if it was like that, but there is no doubt....
that the main characters of these two entries were that guy..,
in Tate, and his girlfriend.
You see?
This is for sure.
It looks like they were photographed in a car.
The date on the photograph...
is the same as the one on the tickets from 3 years ago.
(Ayumi) How come they didn't go to the preview?
(Mitsuhiko) I don't know...
Looking for the elevator? (Ayumi) -Yes.
Take that hallway straight ahead,
that way, and you'll find it on the left hand side.
(Mitsuhiko) Thank you very much.
Hey, Narukawa, the elevator is following the corridor on the left hand side.
But, man, if we had looked for it, we would have found it right away.
Sorry, it's just that my sense of direction is lousy.
Strange...
-What's so strange? -It's just some notes.
See, in Tate, earlier,
"He tore out the page
"on which he'd written the doctor's name and address.
"And put it in the box with the roller, remember?"
Then, I thought that maybe he did it...
for not forgetting what he had photographed on the negatives of the roller.
But, in addition to having all the reels numbered,
it seems that in the notebook it is detailed with precision
which photos are on each reel.
Oh, and I don't see any more pages torn out.
And all the other finished rolls are in the case.
But, how come... that's the only roller he's taken?
Au, show me at once!
I want to see my present!
Don't be impatient.
I'll give it to you right away.
When we arrive...
Speaking of rollers, there's something wrong with me too.
When I took your picture a moment ago,

immediately picked up the roller.
Although he could still take 15 more pictures...
Doesn't it seem strange to you?
"A roll of film that he left halfway through..."
"He tears out the page of the notebook
"And puts in his pocket the paper with the doctor's address..."
"And, besides that ticket for the preview three years ago...
"There is the phone call that his friend from Star Blade made to him
"That summoned him to a place."
"Don't tell me that man...!"
(Narukawa) Hey, Tate, you mean we can come out here without permission?
This is the rooftop.
Narukawa, what do you remember?
It was a sunny day like this, the day of the preview...
when we met Ami...
Of course it was!
I got it!
I'm sure that guy came to the preview for work stuff.
That's why he's separated those work photos from all the others.
What a fool you are...
If he had come for work,
he wouldn't have needed to wait in line.
Yes... yes, you're right.
It could be that this person...
no longer had the slightest intention of coming back here...
What the hell?
Man, please.
You've already forgotten.
That was only 6 years ago.
Yes, I remember!
Are you talking about the first time we saw the Ami
at the "Star Blade IV" preview?
We found her near here, disoriented,
with her ticket in her hand,
and we took her to that theater.
On this day like today, 6 years ago...
And 3 years ago, it was also the same movie theater.
Hey, wait, don't tell me...
you're angry about the accident in which Ami died 3 years ago?
It's true that on that day it was me who was behind the wheel,
but the police also explained it to you, remember?
It was that truck's fault!
The driver fell asleep,
ignored the red light and ran into us!
Shit...
Look, it's true that I fell asleep that time...
and I was a bit nervous,
but I wasn't speeding at any time.
Besides, why the hell are you bringing up such an old story like this?
Say!
Eh?
For you.
This is my present.
Blow!
A ticket to the preview of "Star Blade VI"!
You asked me on the phone if I had any left over, right?
But last night you told me you couldn't spare any.
I got called for a last-minute job and I won't be able to go.
That's when I called you.
Besides, I thought if I gave it to you here,
Ami would have been really happy too.
Do you remember?
It was here, in front of the building, where we had the accident.
Yes, that's right...
Since that accident,
things had become a bit messed up between us,
and I wanted to make peace with it.
Oh.
Hurry up, man, there's only 5 minutes left until the theater opens.
If you don't hurry you won't make it to the preview in time.
Huh? (Laughs)
Really? (chuckles)
Thank you, tate!
I'm very grateful to you!
Yes, yes, look it's good for you and for me too, you feel?
Of course I do!
The adventures of that Dark Taki you like so much
the adventures of that Dark Taki that you like so much!
But, come on, Bei-Ju and the Kisasa will smoke a scandalous one.
Sure.
Next day I'll buy you something to thank you!
Yes.
Ami...
"Sorry for leaving you alone these 3 years."
"Wait for me."
"Now I'll meet... you where you are."
You don't have to!
Even if you throw yourself from there...
it will look like nothing but suicide.
For that is what I intend to testify.
I'll tell everyone that you've jumped into the void alone.
You're one of the guys
in line at the movie preview, aren't you?
You seem to have gotten the wrong idea.
I was just pushing myself a little bit to look at the scenery.
The scene you've created for yourself goes like this, huh?
First of all, you get in line at the preview...
and you pick some people out of the crowd.
"You make friends with these people
"With the excuse that you're a big fan of Star Blade.
"And you take a picture of these people."
"By saying that you will send them the photograph,
"you ask them to write down their name and address,
"You tear out that page and put it together with the roller."
"Then you get a call....
"From the friend you have previously asked to call you,

"You arrive at the agreed place and shout out the name of your friend.
"And the place where you had arranged to meet before these people.
"To make them remember."
Then you leave the queue....
telling these people to come right back,
you meet your friend, he leads you to this rooftop...
and then you jump off right after you give him your ticket.
But... you've chosen us to gain confidence
and after your body was found, those pictures would come out...
and that address and it would make sense that the police would call us.
Then, from our mouth they would get as a witness...
that you were a big fan of that movie
and that the friend who had called you was eager to get that ticket...
to get that ticket.
In fact, when it became clear that your friend had gotten into the preview...
with the ticket on which you should have left your fingerprints,
the police would think the following:
That friend would have called you before the preview,
would have thrown her off this rooftop
and stole her ticket!
And even more...
"If you have expressly asked where the elevator was located.
"It has been for the impression that you are with your friend."
"And you have also dropped the entrance expressly
"So that my friends' fingerprints would be left."
After the preview, the police would take all the tickets,
and if they found one with our fingerprints and yours,
that would be the smoking gun
that would prove without a doubt that this was the stolen ticket.
Kiddo, you are very smart.
But do you really think the police will believe the witness and the deductions?
will believe a child's witness and deductions?
(Mitsuhiko) Sure they will!
-But there are 5 of us!
They will believe us!
Besides, we ran into this man who was supposed to be your friend.
By now, he must have already left this building....
and must be on his way to the preview.
Although... you're in a hurry to jump into the void right now,
it would be impossible in a matter of time
and the assembly would have gone down the drain.
That's too bad.
Shit!
You will never understand how I feel!
We understand!
Your motive is that 3 years ago your girlfriend,
who was riding with you in the vehicle driven by that friend of yours,
died in a car accident, right?
And how do you know that?
In the notebook there were some tickets and a photograph.
The tickets were for the preview
of "Star Blade V" that was supposed to take place 3 years ago.
and the photograph was of you and your girlfriend
sitting in the back seat of the car.
The person who most likely took the picture was the driver,
your friend.
And, what's more, one of the tickets was stained with blood?
and the date on the photograph is the same as the date on the tickets,
so it's not hard to deduce.
There was an accident that day
that meant that you could not go to the preview
and the person who you blame for the facts
and who was driving that car was, most probably, this friend of yours,
who you're trying to cast as your killer.
Yes, it's true.
If that day... he had not fallen asleep...!
If he had picked us up... at the time we had arranged!
"We wouldn't have run into that truck driver who was asleep!"
-But, this... This is an unjustified resentment.
Yes, I have also tried to identify myself thousands of times with this idea,
and to calm my feelings...
But the wretch, after 3 years, he calls me to tell me that!
goes and calls me to tell me that!
"That you have a ticket left over for the Star Blade VI preview?"
And before, when he took the ticket, he went to the cinema,
to the preview, happy as a clam.
He was so excited
with the confrontation of Dark Taki against Bei-Ju and the Kisasa,
that he forgot what happened 3 years ago!
Listen at once, the two of them will not fight him!
-Dark Taki has made friends with Bei-Ju and Kisasa!
"It's true! That person hasn't seen 'Star Blade V' either!"
"Instead, if he was so eager to have the ticket it was because.....
Excuse me, the place where the accident happened was nearby here?
Yes... That's why I wanted to jump into the void from here.
Bring us to the place, please!
(Ayumi) That's the gentleman we ran into in this building.

In the cinema where the preview is held, it does not go in that direction.
Narukawa...
And then?
Where was the accident?
It was there.
The truck rammed us head-on
"And rammed us into that fence."
Eh?
There's something tight...
I knew it.
(grunts) Huh?
What's this?
It's a ticket for the preview of "Star Blade VI".
And here's a ticket
that corresponds to the preview 3 years ago.
But the rain has damaged it and it's in a pitiful state.
Why would this have left it?
What a fool you are, noi. He wanted her to look at them.
-If he left them here, maybe they would reach the sky, no?
Besides, if he did it without saying anything to you,
it means that surely... he was also in love with your girlfriend.
That he loved her as much as you do.
You can go ahead and say it,
but the preview show will be over in 3 minutes.
(At the same time) Eh?
Hey, let's go to the preview together!
Take a good look at the film and explain to her, to her!
The truth is that we have a ticket left over.
"The ticket I had sent by Mr. Kogoro."
Thanks, but I won't go.
Besides, I haven't even seen the fifth one yet.
Buy the DVD with the fifth and the sixth movie...
and I'll go see them at your place.
How late it is!
(Ding-dong)
The toy cars, dolls and books on the shelf...
are all turned upside down.
(Ding-dong) Why?
(All: call out)
And the next Conan: "A denouement turned upside down."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai," Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

