A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
Finally we decipher the enigma turned upside down.
An incomplete work and the murderer, cornered.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume and tone mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
"I am in Manda Toshihisa,
"A writer who was locked up in a hotel to finish a job."
"I sneak out of the hotel....
"And I murdered my disciple Kohei Haramoto,
"who was writing my works in my place."
"Afterwards, I returned at once to the hotel...
"and made a false alibi for myself."
"Our gang was playing baseball."
"The ball got away from us and we went to Mr. Haramoto's house."
"Then, inside his house...
"...we found him dead."
"She had been murdered."
A UNBELIEF turned around, (PART TWO)
Understood.
So, you have come to look for the ball,
and when you arrived in this room,
you found this man on the floor with his head full of blood.
(Takagi) They must have killed him to take something from him.
However, I think there is not much mess.
Well, I think the murderer knew this gentleman.
(Takagi) Huh?
Yes, you see?
There's a sign on the door that says no one in, right?
Yes, and what does that mean?
This means that the person who was inside was writing.
That's right!
If you open the door you find yourself!
It's impossible for you to get behind him without him noticing!
If it were me, I would have expressly started making noise,
and when the person came out of the room with hesitant steps,
I would already be waiting for him with the murder weapon ready to kill him.
Oh, you scare me.
Exactly, Mr. Haramoto let the murderer into his office.
A person he knew well, like you.
What is the approximate time of death given by the coroner?
2 hours ago: approximately 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Specifically, where were you at that time?
I have... I've been closed for work
in a room at the New Beika hotel since last night.
Well, the New Beika is quite close to here, sir.
By car, you can get there in 2-3 minutes,
and, by bicycle, it takes no more than 10 minutes.
Mr. Shimaki, were you with him?
No, I was in the lobby in front of the elevator...
which is near the room where the master was..,
waiting for him to finish the work.
But unless he was passing by,
it's impossible for him to have left the hotel
and I think it's impossible that the master could have snuck out.
Well, well... When did he finish the work?
Wait, man... Please don't tell me that you suspect me?
No, don't worry!
I ask just in case.
And then?
Yes, she finished the play around 4 o'clock.
Then I've been examining her in the hotel room...
and I took a cab with him to his house...
to talk about his next novel.
Now, I get it.
Hey, do you know...
if Mr. Haramoto had any friends who had it in for him?
I don't know. I don't know.
He wasn't very talkative...
He'd told me he wanted to be a novelist,
so I'd give him jobs like proofreading my originals
and these kinds of tasks.
That's why on his computer there's a lot of my works.
Even, the originals of rejected works.
A while ago you mentioned that you allowed
him to live in this house or something like that?
Exactly, at the beginning I lived here with my family,
but since it became too small for us,
we built a bigger house on the other side of the street.
But well, now my children have become independent,
my wife died a long time ago
and now I live alone in the house across the street.
The idea of tearing down this house didn't convince me much,
so I let him live here.
In spite of living alone, I see that he had everything very well organized.

Once a week a cleaning lady came to clean her house.
But, listen...
I'm convinced
that in Haramoto, she had everything like a paten in the beginning.
Inside the drawer, there's only a mirror.
Come on, Conan, be quiet.
Gee, that's funny!
Isn't it strange?
On top of the table and the mirror there's blood and jar fragments,
but inside the drawer there's nothing.
It's as if there was something inside before.
And then?
So, the killer's target was something in here.
Mr. Manda, can you think what it could be?
I... no.
Gentlemen.
Stop this and fix them at once.
That's right.
In this room there is something even stranger!
A strange thing?
Yes, inside this room.
The shelves!
Look at them!
The miniature cars, the dolls, and the books are all upside down!
Can't you see?
Yes, they are! But... why is that?
Oh!
What a scare!
Was it a cat?
Is this cat yours?
You can't keep it here!
But, how could you let your cat wander around the scene?!
Eh?
Forgive me, please.
I was so involved that I forgot.
Ins-Inspector!
Now, by the back door...
What are you doing here?!
You can't just barge into someone else's house!
Mrs. Ichimura.
Oh, my gosh!
Master, you were here?
What? What?
Have you died in Haramoto?
I didn't done it!
I'm just a cleaning woman!
Ah, are you? So, you will know?
Excuse me?
Ah!
This is a joke from Mr. Haramoto.
A joke?
Yes, he comes up with all sorts of absurd jokes every now and then.
"Put the slippers for the guests on top of each other
"Until it forms a tower,
"He drops all the light bulbs, rendering them useless,
"He puts videotapes in a row in the hallway like dominoes."
"And he starts peeping with a mischievous grin."
He just stares at my "I don't know what to do" face
while I did it all tidying up.
That's why I find myself this play today too.
Because he knew for a fact that I would arrive at that time.
-It was just a joke? -What a way to have fun, right?
Yes... Looks like it was pretty childish.
Wow!
We thought it was some kind of a set-up.
No, it wasn't Mr. Haramoto who turned everything upside down.
It was the murderer.
Attention, look at this book.
The cover of the book has come loose a bit and has been torn.
This shows that it has been hastily flipped over.
And there's a miniature car with a broken rearview mirror.
And dolls that have fallen out of place inside their box.
It was supposed to be an important collection by Mr. Haramoto.
As much as I wanted to play a joke on the cleaning lady,
I'm sure she would have been more careful.
I knew that the cleaning lady wasn't supposed to come
until 2 hours later,
so she didn't need to be in such a hurry.
Exactly.
So this was the killer's doing.
But why did he do it?
The only thing we can think of is that he wanted to hide something.
Exactly, if there was only one that was upside down,
it would have attracted attention;
so it's only natural that he decided to turn everything upside down.
Listen up.
Excuse me... Would you mind if he left?
Given the time of day, I have to be at my publishing house.
But I guess you'll be back when you're done with the proof printing.
And we also need to talk about the next novel.
But, maestro,
it doesn't seem right to talk about detective novels on a day like this.
Detectives?
But you only used to write historical novels!
It's just that this year I've thought of entering a new field.
The truth is that I'm not far from finishing it.
That shelf was also lined up like this.
(Kudo voice) Yes.
And more than half of them are detective novels.
Yes, it's true!
Mr. Haramoto was madly fond of detective novels.
He told me that the work he would debut with would be a detective novel.
The detective he was thinking of was a very interesting character.
I... Mrs. Ichimura, today he asked you to bring nothing?
-Eh? -Yes, you know.
He often asked her to buy him something for the collection.

Especially when he didn't have time to leave the house.
Today he wanted me to call him in the morning.
Oh yes, that's right!
He told me to make an appointment at the dentist.
But he didn't tell me to buy him anything.
Too bad.
Earlier I called him from the hotel and he explained it to me.
He told me that he was very happy
that he finally had the whole collection.
Well, don't worry.
It must have been one of his absurd collections.
Did you talk to Mr. Haramoto on the phone today?
Yes..., when I'm very preoccupied with a story,
I usually call him to switch off for a while...
How did you find him when you spoke? Normal.
I found him as usual.
Now I understand!
What did you understand, Conan?
(Don't say you already know who the murderer is?
Yes.
The murderer has not tried to hide something
putting everything upside down,
but he thought that they could be hidden upside down.
(Mitsuhiko) The murderer didn't hide anything by turning everything upside down?
(Genta) He thought they would be hidden upside down?
Yes.
Exactly, he thought it would be hidden in his favor.
-Hidden in your favor? -What are you talking about?
Proof of that is that the intervention of the murderer has made...
things have become ambiguous.
- (flow) Wait!
Do not tell me! - (flow) He is the murderer?
Yes, surely.
Well, I'm going for a moment to the publisher,
and I'll be back when I'm done with the proof printing.
In this case, can I leave too?
I want to make preparations for the meeting and I want to leave the cat at home.
I'm on the other side of the street;
you can let me know if you need anything.
-Conan, he's leaving! -We must not allow.
Sir, I had said that the next novel would be a detective novel,
a subject you've never written about before, right?
Eh?
Yes... I would so like to read it!
I love detective novels!
It must be on Mr. Haramoto's computer...
Eh?
No..., I don't know...
Hey, why are you letting it go so happily?
Weren't you planning to corner the killer?
Let's see, knowing you as I do,
I'm sure you must have some reason for acting like this.
But it's getting on my nerves...
your high-handed attitude and that know-it-all grin of yours.
I agree!
I'll tell you why I don't ruminate anymore?
But in return you'll have to cooperate with me.
-Yes! -Of course I will!
What a nerve.
Your disciple is murdered
and he has the bar to organize a meeting
to discuss a detective novel.
-Yes. -Excuse me, what should I do?
Ah, that's right.
(Ayumi) Look!
This miniature car is broken!
(Mitsuhiko) It's true, the rear-view mirror is broken.
(Genta) I swear I didn't touch it!
(Ai) In this case,
maybe it's the person who turned it over in a hurry.
But it is very strange.
Wasn't this joke made by Mr. Haramoto
to surprise the cleaning lady?
That's right.
Because he knew that she would come at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
Surely this collection wasn't that important to him.
But Mr. Novelist said
that Mr. Haramoto was very happy
that he finally had the whole collection.
The question is which collection he had the whole collection.
Yes, but from those words we can't know...
whether he was talking about miniature cars, dolls or books.
(He thinks) "That he finally had it all."
"All turned over in a hurry?"
A-a-aaatxum!
Conan, have you caught a cold? No, it's the cat's hair!
This furniture is full of it.
Of cat?
By the way, Mr. Manda has let his cat...
wander around this room while they were investigating.
That's why there's so much cat hair!
But, Mr. Manda is very mean.
Is that so?
Why is that?
Because he has heard the noise of the breakage
and when he went out the door of his house
and saw that we were coming in here,
he followed us as if we were I don't know what.
If it were me, I wouldn't have taken the cat,
and if I had taken it, I'd keep it with me all the time.
Because the poor thing could get hurt
if he stepped on the pieces of whatever broke inside the house.
Yes, it's as if I had let the cat run all over the place.
Eh?

Letting the cat run wild?
"Meanwhile, Detective Yako Hyakki let a smile....
"Float those stiffly closing lips."
"Naturally, taking the investigator at his word..." Oh!
-It only goes this far?
Mmmm? - (doorbell)
You've already arrived?
You took you long enough.
Oh, yes, excuse me.
It's just that it's taken a while.
Perhaps it's a bit hasty,
but would you mind showing me the detective novel?
I suppose you've already started writing it, haven't you?
Yes, it's all written down to the final denouement.
But I'm a little hesitant about the conclusion.
After all, the detective herself is the murder victim.
Huh?
That's right.
The lawyer who's murdered at the beginning of the story
turns up turned into a ghost, possesses her friend,
who is a detective and reveals the truth of the case.
Wow, that sounds very interesting!
The name of the lawyer detective is Yako Hyakki.
-It's a perfect name, don't you think? - (doorbell)
Who is it at this hour?
(doorbell) Oh!
Mr. Inspector!
Excuse me, but if you want to talk to me,
you can do it when we've finished the meeting.
No, we'll take a little time... because we've already found out everything.
You've figured it out?
Do you know who the murderer is?
Yes!
Mr. Manda, the person who murdered Mr. Haramoto...
is you!
(Mitsuhiko) But it was surprising.
I didn't imagine that Mr. Manda was the murderer.
Wasn't Mr. Manda supposed to have been locked up
in the hotel room working since last night
and that therefore, he would still be there at 3 o'clock, the time of the crime?
Let's see, Mr. Shimaki, your editor,
hasn't spent the whole time standing guard at the door;
therefore, it is likely that Mr. Manda left the room...
disguised as a hotel bellboy or something like that.
Then, with a bicycle...
"Or some other means he had prepared,
"He must have gone to Mr. Haramoto's house."
"In an oversight, he hit her deadly"
in the back with the vase
and rushed back to the hotel so he could make an alibi for himself,
but a problem has arisen.
That's right, something unexpected happened.
The cat that you had taken with you disappeared from the room
room next to the room at the scene.
He has been looking for you like a nervous wreck, but he was well hidden.
During this process, you remembered something.
That before killing Mr. Haramoto,
he had told you that today he finally had the entire collection.
Your house is across the street from Mr. Haramoto's house.
If he left the back door open
so that his cat could get through,
he would come home himself when he got hungry.
But first he would have walked around the house quietly,
and, on top of that, over the collection...
that Mr. Haramoto had managed to complete today.
When the cat hairs were found,
we would have proof that he had come to the house today.
And that you were supposed to be closed at the hotel
working with your cat since last night.
Then, an idea occurred to you.
If you turned all the pieces of your collection upside down,
you would have the cleaning lady, who was supposed to come in after 2 hours,
and the cat hairs would fall to the floor.
But for the cat hairs to fall, it would be enough
to turn the collection upside down?
This is not the most important thing,
because Mrs. Ichimura would have testified that she would have left them in order anyway.
that she would have left them in order.
"And so the cat hairs that might have been on the floor.
"They could have stuck to the cars
"When she placed the collection of the right one."
How come... she went to the trouble of putting them all upside down?
If it were me, I would have thrown them all to the ground, for sure.
Then, it wouldn't look like a joke.
If the cleaning lady had thought I was a burglar,
she would have called the police and everything would have gone to hell.
But we went into the room
and found it before the cleaning lady arrived.
Yes, that's why I was so nervous, Mr. Manda.
Then I racked my brain a little more.
"Mr. Manda saw that we were entering that house,
"He grabbed his cat in a desperate impulse,
he started to run to the house and let the cat go.

And so you would not know very well when the cat would have left the hair.
That's why he got so angry when we tried to touch the cat.
If at that moment we would have stayed with the cat in our arms
and the police had come, his plan would not have worked.
-But he managed to get rid of the evidence successfully.
And without evidence... you can say that it's all your imagination.
Yes, but I've left a foolproof bait.
(Manda) Ha-ha-ha!
Inspector, that was an incredible deduction.
I recommend that you get to work on a detective novel.
But where's the evidence?
Unfortunately, you can't arrest me if you don't have any evidence, can you?
But, of course, I'm not the killer.
I think I'll use this in my next detective novel.
Speaking of detective novels,
we've also found on Mr. Haramoto's computer.
The incomplete story of a ghost detective
named Yako Hyakki, its main character.
We asked Mr. Shimaki, his publisher,
to collaborate with us and we put a microphone in his clothes.
And everything we have heard through the microphone
about his next novel
also has to do with a ghost detective who is also called....
Hey, I told you before that he was in charge of my works!
Ah, that's right!
You're the one who wrote all that?
Eh?
Yes, yes..., of course!
If I have to be honest with you,
the kids have been playing with the computer and they found it.
The children and my men have been reading it until just now,
just in case there was any evidence.
I'm ashamed to admit it,
but there's something I don't quite understand.
Who was the killer and what set-up did he use?
Ah, that...
So, you won't do anything to let us see the CD case...
with the disc you stole from Mr. Haramoto's desk.
"The sleeve that was stained with blood."
I am convinced that you have been reading it until a while ago!
Because after coming back from the hotel you found Mr. Haramoto's body
and until you returned home a moment ago,
it was all the time with your editor
and he hasn't had any time to read it at all!
But, in spite of all this,
you have been telling the story of the novel to Mr. Shimaki just now.
to Mr. Shimaki just now!
(Thinking) "Don't tell me that boy..."
"I'd so like to read it!"
"Maybe it will be on Mr. Haramoto's computer..."
(Thinks) "He has prepared everything so that they could read the novel...
"Before I could hide the test disk..."
That disk with the cover is in your house, isn't it?
Master!
I am no longer a master of anything.
I'm just a poor old man who has lost his wife
and who has no more energy.
All my works of the last 2-3 years
I had written them in Haramoto.
Naturally, I had to make a lot of corrections at first,
but progressively he was complaining about the changes I was making
and lately it was impossible for me to find
to find any fault with his work.
And then, finally...
"Leave everything on my account
"And stay on the side of the carefree spectators."
"After all, master, you have already given your relief."
Those words seemed to me so depressing and so humiliating...
I could not forgive him.
Say, why did he steal your detective novel?
It suddenly occurred to me.
If I wrote it, it would be much better for me than for him.
But, finally, I lost...
As much as I think about it, I don't even know who the murderer is...
nor what was the set-up he had used.
Maybe it's true that I'm incapable of writing detective novels.
Blow!
And you knew this from the comments of that cleaning lady?
Yes, when she was trying to tell us about the detective...
that Mr. Haramoto had thought of,
Mr. Manda interrupted her.
Then I thought that maybe he had stolen her novel.
But there's still a mystery.
Mm?
You mean about the murderer in the novel?
No, man.
I'm talking about the collection I finally had in one piece.
Oh, I... I guess he meant the teeth.
(At the same time) The teeth?
Mrs. Ichimura, the cleaning lady,
said that Mr. Haramoto had asked her
to make an appointment for the dentist

"And, as you remember, in the drawer there was a mirror."
"At the time he hit it.
"Mr. Haramoto was probably looking at his teeth in the mirror."
"In addition, in the middle of the fragments of the vase in the drawer.
"there was a piece of tooth."
(At the same time) What?
And why didn't you tell something so important to Inspector Megre?
But the man already knew who the murderer was,
besides, the coroner will tell him that when they do their work.
(At the same time) Teeth...
"Yes, teeth!"
A death threat?
The writer is killed by a character in her novel?
(Thinking) "They want to complicate the investigation."
"They must have done this just for this purpose?"
And the next Conan: "My favorite novel, (first part)."
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

