A giant wall blocks our way.
If we look at it with different eyes, it will be like a giant door!
The character in a mystery novel
threatens the life of its author.
Is this fiction or reality?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Atarashii no Sekai no makuake wa itsumo yake ni
Okubo de saisho no Ippo ga fumidasenai!
Saa, te wo nobasou...
me no mae ni hirogaru no wa Kabe ya Naku.
Hyaku mo no tobira!
Yuuki to kibou to kimi no ay wo Mune ni,
kirameku Mirai Zutter yume mito!
Donna toki mo egao tayasazu iyou!
Ozorezu Tsuga no tobira wo hirakeba,
Fuan ni Yoku nita shinjitsu no Hikari ga.
Kokoro ni afureru Hyaku mono no tobira!
Chikara wo awasete hiraku tobira!
Atsumeta Hikari wo mayowazu tadotte.
Yume y tono mukau Hyaku mo no tobira!
(Police: siren)
I am called!
Mr. Kogoro!
Please wait!
Make way!
(Kogoro) Mr. Inspector!
It seems to me that today is my!
Let's go!
(Kogoro) Wait!
Mr. Inspector!
Mr. Kogoro!
You've got your head on a swivel.
Please, while we're at it, let us help you with the investigation.
Otherwise, the poor boy will cry. Eh?
Very well, sir.
So, inspector?
What kind of case do you have?
A murder.
(Takagi) The victim is the person who lived in this apartment.
Mrs. Muraki Saikawa, 65 years old.
She lived alone.
It seems she was a writer.
Ring any bells, Mouri?
Muraki Saikawa?
I seem to remember that a long time ago
there was a writer by that name.
"Muraki Saikawa....,
"A masterful writer of detective novels...
"Who was well-known a few years ago."
(Takagi) Death occurred instantly,
from a blow to the back of the head with a decorative object.
According to the investigation, she was killed last night between 7 p.m. and 7 p.m,
she was killed last night between 7 and 9 o'clock.
It is possible that we will know the approximate time of death in detail when we have the autopsy report.
when we get the autopsy report.
"Who would want to murder
"A famous mystery novelist?"
MY FAVORITE NOVEL
Inspector, the body was found by two people.
My name is Tono.
I work at the publishing house Labyrinth Publications
and I was Mrs. Saikawa's editor.
And that's the manager of this block of apartments.
My name is Murata.
Tell us again under what circumstances the body was found.
This morning, I came to pick up some documents that yesterday,
when I met with her, we had agreed that I would pick up.
"However, no matter how many times I called, no one answered.
"I sensed that this was a bit strange,
"And I asked the administrator to open the door and then..."
Teacher!
Aaaaah!
"We found the teacher..."
The teacher was... I understand.
Yesterday, you also went to Mrs. Saikawa's house?
Yes.
I was there from the afternoon until 8 o'clock.
"The murder was committed between 7 and 9."
Blow, what good intuition you have!
It's funny that I knew something was going on...
just because no one answered the intercom.
Really, it's not normal for him to have thought that.
Ah.
It's just that..., it happened a few days ago,
this arrived to the teacher, look.
A postcard... Mmmm.
"Dear Muraki Saikawa."
"The next piece I plan to add to my collection...
"will be your life."
"Soon I will come to stay-la."
A death threat? Eh?
Sent to you by one... Oohebi Taniyoshi.
It reads: Ryo Orochiya.
"Ryo Orochiya? That's impossible!"
Let's see, who the hell is this Ryo Orochiya?
Well, he's a cool assassin.
He appears in master Saikawa's most important work.
What do you mean?
A character in her novel?
The writer was murdered by a character in her novel?
What the hell?
This is impossible!
E-right, you're right.
Well, but, indeed, that's what it seems.
This is a ploy of the murderer.
He's done it to wrap up the investigation.
"He wants to complicate the investigation?"
"Have they done this just for this purpose?"
Mr. Murata..,
if you have any empty apartments, we'd appreciate it if you'd let us have them.
I want to place the base of operations of the investigation here.
Yes, sir.
Chiba.
Yes, Inspector.
Mr. Tono, it's possible that you were the last person...
who saw the victim before the murder.

Could you stay with us a little longer?
Yes.
Inspector!
(whispers)
Yes.
You said the house was locked, right?
I suppose the killer must have left it locked
last night before he fled.
"That way he could delay the time when the body would be found."
But I understand that in this block, two keys were given to each tenant.
And Mrs. Saikawa's two keys were inside the apartment, right?
And the killer was supposed to use a copy of the key?
Yes.
So, we have a limited number of people...
who could have used this key.
She could take it to the editor who had come to meet her.
Yes, he could make a copy in an oversight.
And the administrator also has one.
(Mobile)
Megre, say.
Hm.
Hm.
Understood.
What did they tell you?
It was in Kawanaka, who has questioned the people living in this neighborhood.
"It seems that a few days ago,
"The victim and the manager had a very heated argument."
You start to see what could be the main suspects.
"Mr. Tono went to see the victim.
"Around the time the death occurred."
"And it looks like Mr. Murata might have a justifiable motive."
"And either of them could have made a copy of the key."
Besides, if either of them were the murderer,
it would be no coincidence
that they would have been the first to find the victim.
By arriving here first, they could have gone in...
and removed evidence they left behind last night, right?
Yeah, most likely.
Huh?
Mm?
What's the matter with you?
It's just leftover marinated ginger!
-At teacher Saikawa, she didn't like fresh marinated ginger at all.
She always said it didn't do her weight the sweet and sour taste it had.
I guess she took all the marinated ginger out of the sushi order she placed last night
he placed last night and threw it away.
Did he order sushi for dinner last night?
Yes, he ordered it from me and I placed the order over the phone.
Inspector, we already have the apartment at our disposal.
We do?
Thank you very much.
Well, Mr. Tono, will you tell us in detail about last night, please?
Yes.
"If he threw it away last night, it would have been about half a day by now."
"In this case, the most natural thing..."
Mrs. Saikawa was killed between 7 and 9 pm.
I arrived to see her about 2/4 of 7.
"Although she had already given up the pen professionally," I said,
"she had continued to write a number of detective masterpieces."
"We were together for about an hour talking about the idea...
"To put them all together in a compilation for publication."
Yes, this is Saikawa.
Yes, in the Pearl block of apartments.
The usual special order by one person.
"The order arrived around 8 o'clock."
"As I had to attend to an appointment, I left later."
The papers, I'll come and pick them up tomorrow.
-Thank you, thank you. Goodbye, sorry for the inconvenience!
"In a quarter of nine I met some friends in front of the station..."
and I went with them until midnight.
Well, until midnight.
That's good.
We'll check what you say about your friends.
I know perfectly well that you suspect me.
But, but why should I do such a thing?
She was a treasure of detective novels.
Well, I didn't argue with Mrs. Saikawa!
People must have been confused.
Yes, it could be... Tell me about last night.
It was at the administrator's quarters.
I was alone, so I don't have any corroborating witnesses.
The administrator is hiding something.
The key question is at 8 o'clock.
And from 7 to 8, Mr. Tono could also have committed the crime.
And after 8 o'clock, Mr. Murata could also have done it.
Be that as it may, split session and investigate the environment.
What?
The teacher is dead?
It was explained to us that she ordered sushi last night.
No!
How could I screw up like that?!
For-sorry...
(Crying) I'll pay for this screw-up for the rest of my life!
It does nothing to you... Tell us everything?
The squid and the octopus!
-Eh? -The squid... and the pop?
To my restaurant's sushi special orders,
we usually don't put squid or pop.
But when Saikawa would order for me, I would put it in, specifically.

Because, because it was what I liked the most!
However, last night I neglect to put on defect.
I had thought otherwise.
How exaggerated.
Who are you to say that I exaggerate?
It was your last order!
You will never forgive me...
We had only come to ask you what time you brought him the sushi.
Mmmm?
And you didn't see her?
That's right.
There's no doubt that he went to bring her the order at 8 o'clock,
but at that time he didn't see Mrs. Saikawa anywhere...
and he didn't hear her speak, either.
At that time, Mrs. Saikawa was already in the other world.
I guess we can say that's a possibility.
(Man) Excuse me for a moment.
Can you tell us who you are?
-I beg you not to, editor! -Let go of me!
My name is Shimazaki and I am the editor-in-chief of Labyrinth Publications.
It seems they consider Tono to be one of the suspects.
Well, we...
This man came to work at our publishing house
specializing in detective works
because he admired the works of Master Saikawa.
Today, he himself had been planning...
the publication of a collection of the master's works!
Ah, right...
"He was a true admirer of Mrs. Muraki Saikawa?"
Were you familiar with Mrs. Muraki Saikawa's works?
No, not until now, when this case came up.
Of course, because she is now a forgotten writer.
But, precisely because of that,
this man insisted that her works should be published.
Too many people are unaware of the magnificence of the master Saikawa!
Original staging, perfect composition.
I want to make it known all over Japan....
(Shimazaki) "Honestly, I don't think it would sell much."
Our publishing house is in a critical situation.
And publishing a work that would barely sell
would only make the situation worse.
But I thought we would do it nonetheless.
I was moved by her uncompromising desire
to make the teacher happy in her last days.
The last days?
The doctor had told her that she had an incurable disease.
The teacher, at most, had half a year to live....
In Tono is the person
who would have regretted the death of the teacher Saikawa the most!
(Mobile)
Excuse me for a second.
Megre, go ahead.
Ah, from the hospital.
Hm.
Hm.
Okay, thank you, thank you very much.
We've got the autopsy results back.
It appears that in the victim's stomach
they found grains of rice and raw fish.
Must be sushi.
Yes.
And it looks like she was killed an hour later.
If the order was taken at 8:00 p.m....
The time of the murder was 9:00 p.m.
And regarding Mr. Tono,
we already have a record that from a quarter of 9 o'clock onwards
he was all the time with his friends.
"The alibi is confirmed?"
We apologize for having suspected you.
You can leave now, if you wish.
I'm so glad, Tono!
-Yes... -If you allow us, we'll leave.
"In this case, the murderer is..."
What?
That you saw him last night?
Really... really?
Yes, he had to make a delivery at a certain time,
"And I saw it when I came to drop it off."
It was right at 9 o'clock at night.
(At the same time) 9 o'clock?
I like to drink madly...
But one day that Mrs. Saikawa caught me
doing a little sip here, a little sip there while it was still morning.
She told me she would inform the block management company.
No kidding, if she did;
I'm sure I'd be dispatched.
"That's why last night
"I showed up at his house to ask him to reconsider."
But no matter how many times I called her intercom,
there was no way that woman would answer.
If you suspect me, I want you to show me the evidence you have!
I want proof!
Mr. Murata!
What a smell of alcohol!
I'm going to open the door to let some air in.
"Sure! There's another suspect!"
"And then, there's that marinated ginger."
Proof... Proof, yes.
"I already know what set-up the killer used."
"I've already figured out the set-up."
"But why did he do it?"
Inspector!
Amidst the things found at the scene of the crime,
there is nothing that can support
the thesis that Mr. Murata is the murderer.
Mmmm... There is nothing?
Ah, and now it's out in the press.
And most conspicuous.
(Kogoro) I think they've gone too far.

"? Muraki Saikawa receives a death threat
"From a character in his novel"?
I see that Mr. Tono has gone off the deep end.
He also said about the postcard.
The contents of the investigation were supposed to be a secret.
"I got it! That was it!"
Uh!
Aaaaaaaah... Not again...
Mouri?
Is it the usual? Mouri!
Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Inspector.
Ask Mr. Murata and Mr. Tono to come again, please.
I've already solved the whole mystery.
Takagi!
Chiba! (At the same time) Yes, Inspector!
Mr. Inspector, the murderer has used a frame-up alibi.
A frame-up alibi?
Let's put this case in order.
Mrs. Saikawa was murdered between 7 and 9 o'clock last night.
And we know this happened an hour after she ate the sushi.
Hm.
So, the approximate time of the crime was 9 o'clock.
Here's the question.
What leads us to determine this fact?
That the sushi order was placed at 8 o'clock.
Yes, but that doesn't mean...
that the sushi that Mrs. Saikawa had in her stomach was the same sushi.
What do you mean by that? That there was another one.
Another one, you say?
Other than the sushi they brought at 8 o'clock in the evening,
when Mr. Tono came to pay her a visit,
he brought her some sushi.
Actually, the sushi that Mrs. Saikawa ate...
"It was what Mr. Tono brought her."
"And she didn't eat it shortly after 8 o'clock, but at one and a half 7 o'clock."
"And then, at the end of an hour,
"Mr. Tono murdered Mrs. Saikawa."
"At that time,
"the digestive activity of the victim's stomach stopped;"
thus, there would be a record...
that she had died within an hour of eating the sushi.
"Then, Mr. Tono made the order."
The usual special order for one person.
(Boy) Order!
"He put the sushi that had arrived at 8 o'clock in a plastic bag,
"He closed the door with a copy of the key.
"To prevent the body from being found right away,
"Halfway he got rid of the bag with the sushi and the key."
"And in this way set up an alibi for later."
He knew that sooner or later it would become clear with the autopsy
that the death occurred an hour after the sushi had been consumed.
And since the sushi order had arrived at 8....
Wait a minute.
Naturally, we would think that the murder was at 9.
As a result, Mr. Tono,
who at that time had an alibi,
would be removed from the list of suspects.
This was what he had foreseen.
That is, he made use of the autopsy....
that was supposed to help solve the case to make this alibi.
-L'ha muerte ti?! - Mr. Mouri, wait s a moment!
However, you have made a mistake!
That marinated ginger!
If that ginger was from last night,
"It would have long since dried out."
"But that ginger still had a soft touch."
"Why?"
"Because last night,
"When he got rid of the sushi from the order he'd placed,
"he had even gotten rid of the ginger without meaning to."
"This morning, you realized the mistake,
"You had Mr. Murata open the door for you,
"And, in an oversight on the part of the manager,
"You left that marinated ginger on the side of the kitchen."
I ask you to stop, please!
Where does he get it from?
Giving him sushi, you say?
It is very clear that the sushi that the teacher ate
was what was brought to her at 8 o'clock!
Mr. Inspector, according to the autopsy report,
what did they find in Mrs. Saikawa's stomach?
You know, sushi, right?
Yeah, but you had a more accurate report, didn't you?
Did you?
Yes... Let's see...
Large rice, tuna, sea urchin, sole, octopus, squid...
Squid and octopus? Yes, there's no doubt about it.
Inspector Takagi, don't you think it's strange?
-Huh?
Strange? -Yes, it's strange!
No!
How could I screw up like that?
The squid and the octopus!
You forgot to put them?
You had been prudent
and had informed yourself to offer him a perfect sushi as a gift,
and, therefore, you didn't neglect...
neither the squid nor the pop that the teacher liked so much.
Were you surprised that the owner of the sushi restaurant forgot?

The autopsy you had used,
has finally turned against you and has led you to perdition.
Tono, you...!
Mr. Tono, this is as far as we have come!
Starting with Ryo Orochiya,
all the criminals that the Muraki Saikawa portrays,
bravely accept their actions when they are cornered, remember?
Tono!
Why did you do it?
The teacher was sick and had very little life left?
And if she died because of an illness,
she would die as a forgotten writer
and no one would pay any attention to her.
On the other hand, if she died, murdered, and, to top it all off, this was done by a character in the novels,
this was done by a character from the novels she had written,
it was only natural that the media would echo.
You wanted the world to know who Muraki Saikawa was.
So, you wrote that strange, threatening note...
and carried it all out.
Whatever the motive,
murdering a person is totally unforgivable!
But I thought it was better for her...
Tono!
Really, she only did it for Mrs. Saikawa?
If this became a media issue,
her compilation of works could be sold
and the company would benefit.
You mean this was not in your calculations?
I wanted, I wanted... Labyrinth Publications to continue...
working with the detective novels...
Tono... You donkey!
Mr. Shimazaki!
People who really love detective novels..,
would never be able to murder a person.
Oh.
They've changed the manager.
Of course they did, kiddo!
An administrator who spends the whole day drinking
is in no condition to work properly!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'll drink it all!
"He-he-he-he... And this one can work as a detective?"
Hey, Sonoko, if everyone wears a red scarf,
you can't tell which one is you, can you?
"Eh? A diary?"
"This diary..."
"There's a bloodstain on the calendar."
And the next Conan: "The red handkerchief of the Sonoko, (part 1)"
("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

