Feeling!
I will always be your companion!
We are in great danger in the mountain of maples.
A man appears with the cry of the Sonoko?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"Invited by the Sonoko,
"We went to see the reddish leaves of the maple trees."
"But the Sonoko's real goal was to tie a red handkerchief.
"At the site where the famous TV series was filmed.
"The Winter of the Maples' to meet Makoto Kyogoku."
"But... everything there was full of red handkerchiefs."
"And there we found Mr. Hotzumi,
"The assistant manager we met the same day, dead."
(They call)
THE RED HANDKERCHIEF OF THE Sonoko, (PART TWO)
Let's see... What a surprise!
What a surprise!
Was it you, the people who found the corpse?
Don't tell me that you have done some mischief
and that this was a curse?
Like what now?
Turn a Buddhist altar upside down,
or kicking a gravestone in a cemetery...
-We have done nothing of the sort! -Ouch.
Excuse me.
Did you know this man?
No, today was the first time we saw him.
He had asked us to leave a message
at the Akagi Guesthouse across from the station.
-And then, when we came back here... What kind of message?
It was an assistant director
from the TV series "Winter of the Maples".
"Winter of the Maples!"
Yes!
I know it!
Of course I know it, of course I know it!
Ha-ha-ha!
It's that love series
that's now being rebroadcast on Gunma local TV, isn't it?
My grandmother in the village also recommended it to me very highly.
"Winter of the Maples."
Watch "Winter of the Maples"!
I started watching the rerun of the series and got hooked.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Every Saturday, from 9 to 10 pm,
I'm stuck in front of the TV and I can't move from there.
Ah, today is Saturday!
Look at this!
I brought a portable TV to watch it on the sly!
I programmed the video to record it, but I couldn't wait!
Ah, yes, very well...
Well?
What was the message?
Ah..., yes...
There was a big fan of the series
who wanted to know where the maple tree was located
where the red handkerchief that originated the idea of the series was tied.
"And since the man had found the tree,
"He asked us to let that admirer know,
"who was staying at the Akagi Guesthouse,"
that he would wait for her here.
What a lazy man.
He could have told her himself!
And did he meet that admirer?
No.
Sonoko even wrote the message in the notebook of the boarding house.
Yes!
"I have already found the tree you asked for;
"Meet me at the rock
"Which was used in the last scene of the series, please."
Why did you tell us to put "Hotzumi" in katakana?
Yeah...
And why did you have to write it in katakana?
I don't know.
He asked us to write it that way.
Yes. Escolteu!
I think the reason is that the man used katakana very often.
Look, it's the address book of that man we picked up on our way back here.
The name "Hotzumi" is written in katakana.
The place where it fell is about 100 meters from here.
When I saw that it was stained with blood,
I thought it was something serious.
Blood?
Stained?
So, I came running and we found this man on the ground.
Yeah, let's see... Let's see..., there's nothing special about the diary.
Mmm?
A bloodstain on April 1st...?
April 1st...

Let's see, April 1st is April Fool's Day, which is pranked.
Mmmm...
For... Excuse me... Yes?
Hey, couldn't it be a posthumous message?
Besides, this man's finger is stained with blood...
(Man) Yamamura!
The victim's approximate time of death is...
at 5:00 p.m. today.
All we know so far is that he was first stabbed in the stomach
and then stabbed in the chest.
It appears that the killer took
everything that could identify the victim.
We don't have to suffer for it!
All we have to do is call the "Winter of the Maples" team
and ask them to look for data on this assistant director
whose name was Hotzumi and we'll have everything we need.
Ah!
And another thing.
We also found an empty store up ahead.
An empty store?
Now that's suspicious!
Continue with the investigations right now!
Ah... Yes, sir...
Have the others who are investigating told you anything else?
Like this was full of suspicious people?
No, we only found the store.
As for the tent,
won't you find out where it came from if you ask the Akagi Guesthouse?
This is where the last scene of "Winter of the Maples" was filmed,
so the fan I was meeting at this place is a suspect.
Yes?
They shot the last scene here?
Yes, that's right...
In the last scene the young officer was leaning against that rock...
Ah!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Don't go on!
I've only seen half of the series!
I don't want you to tell me about it!
What's that?
53 people?
So many people you have hosted?
Yes, luckily.
What people checked in this morning?
He-he-he?
He-he-he-he!
Tell us, please.
Do you remember?
That gentleman said that he received a message from that admirer
saying that he checked into the boarding house this morning.
Ah... Yes.
Say, what do you know?
Let's see..., the people who checked in this morning are...
these 3 guests.
And... could you call these 3 guests, please?
What the hell do they want?
They're annoying, huh?
The police are asking us at this time of night?
What's the matter?
Ah, nothing... It's just that... How should I put it to you?
I wanted to know where you were and what you were doing between 3 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
-I was sleeping in my room.
I-I was taking a bath.
I was taking a walk around here!
Is there anyone who can confirm it?
-No, geez! -Let's see, I was taking a bath.
I didn't meet anyone.
"A foul-mouthed young man,
"an old man with glasses and a foreigner who speaks Japanese."
Hey, Ran, look...
Doesn't the one with the earring in his nose look suspicious to you?
(Sonoko) He must not be able to read the characters.
and that's why the victim must have asked us
to write his name in katakana!
So, that grandfather is also suspicious...
If I wrote it in complicated characters, he wouldn't see it well,
and that's why he preferred it in katakana.
Ah... Wait!
Maybe it's this foreigner!
Maybe he can't read the characters,
but there are those who can read hiragana and katakana.
Of all of you,
is there anyone who knows a TV series "Winter of the Maples"?
-What kind of crap are you talking about? -It doesn't ring a bell.
When winter comes, the maples wither!
I've got it!
You are pretending that you don't know it!
But it's useless to lie!
You are such great admirers!
It will show on your face after you see the mask of the show!
Come on, look at a-la!
"The winter of the maples"!
(TV: man) "And now it's finally time to start!"
"The long-awaited European Karate Championships are already here...,"
Eh?
Don't smoke!
"... with a special broadcast."
A special broadcast?
You want us to watch karate?
No, it's just that...
"...the focus of this championship..."
Ran, it's weird...
"... Makoto Kyougoku!"
"Now we'll show you a montage where we'll introduce them."
Let Me la for a moment!
"He just turned 18 and has been undefeated for 400 bouts."
"A lonely and proud fighter with a divine fist, Makoto Kyogoku!"
Oh!
Makoto!

Come to think of it...
Sonoko, in Kyogoku didn't say anything to you about this championship?
She always says: "I'd rather commit harakiri....
"Rather than let you see me lose."
and she never tells me these things.
Eh?
Harakiri?
"No wonder I don't lose."
Yamamura!
We've questioned the team that produced the TV series
and they told us that there was no assistant who called himself Hotzumi.
What?
This is the copy of the list of names they sent us.
The list of names?
Mm...
But... this list is right?
It looks like the dates are mixed up... You see?
Under here.
Yes, that's right.
I got it!
The date!
But if we are to believe what the company says,
then this would mean that the victim was lying...
Don't smoke...
Now that you mention it, April 1st is a day when you can tell lies...
This means that, indeed,
the murderer was lying to mislead us!
No, Yamamura, the person lying is the victim!
Hey, Sonoko... Please... Oh, Makoto!
When will you come out to fight?
Come on! Boy, he won't listen to me.
Hey, Conan...
Conan!
Conan?
"If my deduction is correct, the killer hasn't found it yet!"
"I've found it! It's this tree!"
"The ground is still soft."
"As I guessed, Mr. Hotzumi dug here...
"Before he met the murderer."
"Now I understand."
"Winter the maples' what he was doing was to indicate this grave!"
Let's see, Conan!
May I know where you've gone?
I've been looking for you!
"Come back without me." Come back?
"I just didn't know what gift to bring to Genta and the group..."
Dr. Agasa will come for me later.
So you don't have to worry. "Barra! Back without you, you say?"
"By the way, those 3 guests from the guesthouse are still here?"
Yes, all 3 are still here.
But, just now, Inspector Yamamura said...
that they would continue questioning each other another day
"Because it had already become too late."
I understand... Oh, excuse me, can you give me a moment with Sonoko?
It's in Conan...
And you want to put me on?
Want to talk to me?
Hello?
Yes, yes I remember.
You're talking about the maple tree
where I thought my handkerchief was taken, right?
That tree that was a little far away from the spot
where the last scene of the series was filmed, right?
It took us 10 minutes to walk from one place to the other.
How?
"Is it possible that that tree is also used to film the series?"
Yes, on the branch of that tree there was a handkerchief?
"And the kind of branch is quite similar."
What a fool you are!
The handkerchief on that tree was a fan of the series.
The tree that was actually used in the series was...
what was on the edge of the rock.
It would be too confusing if there were 2 or 3 identical trees around.
He-he-he-he.
That's true.
Thank you very much, Sonoko.
- "Hey, wait!" - (pip)
Now she hangs up.
What do you think you're doing? Don't smoke!
He hung up?
Hello, Ran, is that you?
Yes, yes, exactly.
I was just going to look at Conan.
Look, it's just that I was talking to him earlier,
and we'll finally get back to you, too.
We're coming back to you too.
That's bullshit!
I've already ordered a car to come back!
Xxxt!
Doctor, could you tell us where you met Conan?
"It's just that while we were talking to him his battery died, you know?"
(He thinks) "How strange, he was only supposed to take Shinichi."
"We've been left under the maple tree.
"Which they used to shoot the 'Winter of the Maples' series,
"on Tozanguchi Mountain."
"Understood. Thank you very much, doctor!" You're welcome.
(Kudo voice) You should be happier, man.
It's been a long time since you've seen each other, hasn't it?
Mr. Tatsuzo Watanuki.
I haven't the faintest idea who this skeleton was,
but it's clear that you were the one who murdered it...
and buried it here.
And then, he put up the red handkerchief as a sign.
If nothing ever happened, he could move the body quickly.
The handkerchief was red,

because with the color of the maple leaves it would not attract attention.
Because, of course, in the past, this area was only visited...
during the season of the reddish maple blossoms.
But that scarf was the origin of the famous TV series
"Winter of the Maples',
"which used this mountain as a backdrop,
"And so now fans of the series visit it...
"Whether it's the season of the maples or not,
"And they've been tying scarves to the trees in imitation of the series."
"And there came a time when I no longer knew
"Next to which tree I had buried her."
You, who were afraid that if things went on like this...
you would one day end up finding the body,
met Mr. Hotzumi, a member of the production team...
and offered him money in exchange for finding his tree.
"As he had planned, Mr. Hotzumi would find that tree,
"You would go to the forest where the last scene was shot,
"The place where he would have told you to wait for it,
"You would pay him the money...
"And, then you would show him the place where you had seen that tree,
"Everything would have ended satisfactorily for everyone."
But, before he met you, Mr. Hotzumi had tracked you down.
Just as you have done just now.
He has dug into the edge of the roots of this tree
and saw the skull.
Then, Mr. Hotzumi threatened you.....
"That he would go with the story to someone."
"Instead..., what has happened is that you have murdered her."
If he killed her before she told him about the tree's situation..,
it was because he had already found the skull,
the earth under the tree would have been soft and disturbed.
"And I should just look through the maples and find it."
"But it turns out it wasn't in the place of the last scene."
An entirely natural thing to do, because that tree in question was here,
500 yards from that spot.
"And if you took it for granted that it would be confusing for the filming.
"That 2 red handkerchiefs would be seen
"And you foresaw that it would be located in a remote place,"
you would know that the tree you were looking for was this one here.
The team, feeling grateful for the idea of the scarf,
didn't take it out of here even though it was a nuisance.
He-he-he-he-he....
Little boy, I think you're very clever,
but what were you going to do if I hadn't shown up here?
I would have simply let the police know,
because it turns out that in Mr. Hotzuki's address book.
said that you were his murderer.
What?
That's ridiculous!
There was only a bloodstain in that notebook from April 1st.
That's right!
April 1st!
In the old days, when this time of year came,
people wore summer kimonos made of spun cotton.
Therefore, on April 1 in Japanese, you could also read "Watanuki",
which means "spun cotton"!
In other words, April 1st is equivalent to Watanuki...
And... just the wood!
That's your name!
The reason why Mr. Hotzumi left his name in katakana
was because his surname is spelled with the same words as August 1.
"The origin of this name goes back to when August came,
"It was the custom of the people
"To cut the ears of rice to offer to the gods,
"And from this date it was called 'hotzumi'."
"But as in characters it would hardly read like that,
"He had the audacity to leave his name in katakana."
"The fact that that notebook in which his name is written fell
"To a place far away from the place where Hotzumi's body was found.
"Indicates that as you have seen that Mr. Hotzuki was manipulating the notebook,
"After you stabbed him in the stomach.
"And that he then stabbed you a second time in the chest....
"He took the diary from her and ran away."
But since he didn't know what it meant..,
he left it right there.
Speak up!
Who the hell are you?
In Conan Edogawa, a detective.
Come on, little detective..., then, surely you know, don't you?
Why I left the body behind and ran away.
Since it was already dark,
I had assumed that no one would come to the forest anymore,
and I planned to return at midnight, when I had everything ready.

Yes, indeed.
Together with my men.
40... No, 50?
Who are these guys?
At first they were soldiers
I had hired to find this tree,
but maybe they're too many people to get rid of just one kid.
Conan!
Conan!
Conan!
Ran, pretty, you're always the same.
Why don't you leave the glasses struçot alone for once?
But what are you saying?
I can't do it!
It is very clear that the curiosity has dragged him again
and that he has put himself in danger again, for a change.
(Male) "Soon there will be the first fight of in Makoto Kyogoku!"
Sonoko, you feel me?
Eh?
In Kyogoku has not yet come out to fight?
Well, no!
I don't quite get it, but it seems that in Makoto he's doing pray.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
Who is this guy?
I don't know, but...
"Ran! Sonoko!"
Conan! Struçot of the glasses!
(Sonoko) Eh?
(Sonoko) Just a moment.
Where do these people come from?
(Sonoko) I don't know.
Conan...
Estruçot of the glasses!
Who are all these people?
Friends of yours..., I'm sure they're not...
Oh, what a chore.
Now we'll have to open 3 more tombs than we thought.
Graves?
What's obvious is that they're not good people.
Ran!
Behind!
Aaaaaaaaaah! Ran!
"Ran?"
"They're too much for me..."
Ran, are you all right?
"If only Makoto were here with us now..."
"Damn it."
Makoto... Please!
Makoto, help us!
What else will happen to us?
"On that side there's something!"
(TV: man) "That Makoto Kyogoku hasn't shown up at the sports hall?"
"That it's been 3 days since they don't know where he is? But where is he going right now?"
Oh!
What?
"Oysters..."
Makoto?
Eh?
What's the matter?
-Well, it just so happens... -Before you!
-It's just that I... Behind you!
You damn brats of the devil... Did you take me for an imbecile?
Eh?
Eh?
Iaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"After that, the fight to the death continued...
"From the moment I called Inspector Yamamura...
"Until he showed up 10 minutes later."
"Everything was decided."
"Then we learned that those men were from the Deisankai organization...
"And that the older man in Watanuki was their head."
"And the skeleton was what had been the head of that organization."
"It seems that there was a fight
"between him and the head of the mafia group for the leadership.
"whom he murdered in secret and buried here."
"That is to say, that even if the grandfather gets out of jail,
"he should receive the organization's reprisals for his actions."
"Well, that's if he never gets out."
Boy, you look exactly like a hero.
When you've felt the Sonoko was in danger, you've shown up flying.
I just got your mail
and went to the place where Sonoko told me we were supposed to meet.
So, did you know that the place of "The winter of the maples" was there?
My little sister asked me to videotape the series for her.
And I'm ashamed to admit it, but I was hooked.
But, hey, my email was telling you to meet me on the night of nights.
Yeah, but I didn't get the night of nights thing.
"The night before Christmas Eve, pacifier."
I figured I should just ask you when it was.
even though I was embarrassed,
but my pride made me change my mind.
So I decided to pitch a tent right there
and wait until the day came.
-Have you been reckless for me? -No!
Not at all!
"How quiet this guy lives..."
I find it impressive!
You've left your record of unbeaten fights only because of the Sonoko.
-Yes, you've made me so happy! -Yeah, you've made me so happy! -(Radio: man) "We're in the middle of a fight...
(Radio: man) "We are in the European Karate Championships!"
"We already have the 4 best fighters."
"It's a pity that among them is not in Makoto Kyogoku!"
Excuse me, can you take me to Narita?
Eh? But you plan to go to the championship?
Yes.
I want to compete with the winner and check which of the two is stronger.
"This one still wants to fight."
Genta, distinguish the scraps well!
Is this girl Miss Misa?
Is this a recent photo?
And the next Conan: "The abominable man of the rules."

("Mover kimi dake wo hanashitari shinai", Kamik Aya)
Akogare ga Deai ni Kawata hay yume to yume ga tsunagatta.
Obienagara utsumuki aruita hay furimukeba kimi ga ita.
Nagareboshi Hitotsu mitsuketa yo,
tachidomatta toki ni wa
ichiban ni dakishimete... hoshii hoshizora ni!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Namida wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!
Mueve kimi dake wo hanashitari wa shinai!
Kanashimi wa yesterday!
Kimi ga kureta kotoba de egao de Nemuri ni tsuku made!

