Shock!
I will always be your partner!
A man who is a stickler for rules and a woman who goes over his head.
Tragedy ensues between the two.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

(Genta) Are we really going to see her?
Yes, we'll do it for you.
"You can't be that curious."
"We heard about this person the other day."
(Girl) Kojima, this is not put here.
(Girl) Eh?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Let's see, non-combustible waste.
Genta, distinguish the waste well!
Piece of stump!
Hey, I just got lost!
Boy, you always get lost in the mass.
Really?
If Iwata-san were here, he'd give you a half-hour lecture.
Who's Mr. Iwata-san?
He's a man who lives in the same apartment block as me.
Oh, so you live in an apartment?
I didn't know that.
Yes.
Mr. Iwata moved into my apartment block 3 months ago,
and it turns out he's very strict
about discerning and disposing of waste.
If someone leaves them at an ungodly hour or doesn't sort them out, he's going to find the person who did it,
he's going to find the person who did it,
tells them to please comply with the rules and gives them back the waste.
-But isn't that going too far?
He is a very uncompromising and very serious person.
Yes..., and so much, he is a magnificent person.
"A little over the top, maybe."
I've got it!
Tomorrow we will all go together to observe the gentleman named Iwao Iwata.
(At the same time) Observe him?
Genta, you must observe how a serious person behaves...
and you have to set an example.
Eh? "Come on."
"And that was it, but when we went to observe him..."
(all) Good morning! - (all) Good morning!
That's Mr. Iwata-san.
These scraps have been left by you, haven't they?
There's a letter addressed to you.
Don't snoop through other people's trash!
It's wet from the rain,
so you deposited them last night.
They must be left in the morning.
Why don't you follow the rules?
"That man turned out just as the Chiharu had told us."
The abominable man of the STANDARDS
There are mixed biodegradable wastes,
empty cans and polystyrene, in no order.
Please separate them properly!
It seems that the man is getting more and more exalted.
It is not necessary to call him that way.
It is the only way to make him understand that you are serious.
What do you think you're doing?
If I destroy it, you'll leave me alone, won't you?
You'd better be on your guard!
If you go with these fumes, you'll soon take a lot of damage.
-Good morning to you!
(At the same time) Good morning to you!
Good morning to you.
I have learned a lot from your efforts
to enforce the rules of our society!
Well, it seems to me that, when the time comes, someone has to do it.
Goodbye.
But couldn't you warn the person in question in private?
You don't need to scold people in front of everyone and make such a fuss.
Iwata-san has a reason
for being so strict about how waste should be thrown.
A reason?
When he had just come here,
there was a small fire in the neighborhood.
(At the same time) A fire?
"Someone didn't follow the rules,
"He deposited a bag of garbage in the middle of the night.
"And one person set it on fire."
"Fortunately, it just so happened...
"that Iwata-san noticed and put out the fire."
Holy mother of...!
And now you've become even stricter about waste?
With the man from before, maybe he was right,
but if he's too strict with the rules,
I'm sure that people will get sick of him.

But this would be an unjustified resentment!
Oi, Conan?
Conan!
Eh?
Yes...
"And then, after 3 days there was a case."
A murder case?
Mr. Iwata-san...
I told you, they'd be mad at him!
It can't be true!
Don't smoke!
Poor guy.
He was such a responsible man...
He's wrong!
It's the opposite!
Mr. Iwata is the aggressor...
That gentleman?
(At the same time) Inspector Takagi!
(At the same time) Oh.
(At once) Ah!
Hello, children!
How can I help you?
Has that Iwao Iwata really killed a person?
Are you serious?
Children, did you know him, Mr. Iwata?
Yes, that's why we want you to explain it to us, please!
Yes, it's true that he did attack a person.
A woman died because of the way she was throwing waste.
(Takagi) The way she was throwing waste?
(Takagi) The way she was throwing waste?
Last night, I don't know, I think it was about 3 o'clock in the morning.
(Takagi) "I woke up because I was so thirsty."
"And I went to drink a glass of water in the kitchen."
"I looked out the window
"And outside there was a person who was throwing out the garbage."
"I was unable to let it go."
You again!
I told you as plain as day that you couldn't leave them overnight!
"When I warned her, that woman:"
Stop your romances.
You are no example either!
"Then, she attacked me...
"With an iron pipe that was there next to me."
From the beginning I've hated her, your attitude.
"I thought that if things went on like that she would kill me."
"I had to do something to get the pipe off,
"And without meaning to..."
Huh?
Are... are you okay?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Pick up!
Pick up!
It can't be...
After that, he turned himself in to the police immediately.
So, rather than a murder, it would be...
Yes, indeed.
I admit that I was the person who died.
But, Mr. Inspector,
as there is a world that has been in self-defense.
It was self-defense.
It was self-defense!
Provided that things have happened as you have declared.
"Self-defense?
What if it was self-defense?
They won't press charges of murder, I suppose, will they?
Sure, so, it won't be a crime?
But it happened at midnight...
We've looked for witnesses, but we have no hope of finding any.
So it's difficult to prove that the victim...
really attacked him with an iron pipe all of a sudden.
But you suspect him?
We can't swallow his version of events as absolute truth.
We have to investigate the circumstances.
That man is a very serious and responsible person!
He is not the kind of person who would tell a lie.
Isn't he?
But if he had the impression that he was in danger,
why didn't he run away?
This also brings me upside down.
A person who does things correctly
does not run away from a person who does the wrong thing!
In a logical sense it is true, but....
It seems that the victim was quite undisciplined....
with her littering.
The woman who died?
Yes.
Her name was Misa Katayama and she lived in that block of apartments alone.
She worked as a waitress in a bar,
so she always came home around midnight.
As she slept during the day, she often took the garbage down at night.
The president of the residents' association...
had also caught her eye.
Miss Katayama,
that failure to abide by the rules puts us in trouble.
Rules!
It's always the same story!
Throwing waste at night is not that bad!
If you have any complaints,
call the police and ask them to stop me!
(Chiba) It seems that the chairman had already given up.
And then, Mr. Iwata came to this neighborhood....
He repeatedly called his attention
about the waste,
and it seems that Ms. Katayama was particularly upset.
This point fully agrees with Mr. Iwata's testimony.
Perhaps this is a fortuitous tragedy that has taken place
because chance has caused a woman with no regard for
that a woman with no regard for the rules and a very strict man
and a very strict man happened to be in the same neighborhood.
"Can I really believe it?"
At the moment, the only support we have is his confession.
We will investigate Iwao Iwata-san.

and we will check whether or not he is a person we can believe in.
He only came to live in this apartment block 3 months ago,
and we'll have to look into his past.
I will go and look for witnesses.
If we make it clear how serious and responsible Mr. Iwata was, we can prove that he acted in self-defense!
we can prove he acted in self-defense!
Yes!
"That is, if it was self-defense..."
Even if I tell them "not to follow me,
"I think this group will..."
What kind of character did Iwata-san have?
Yes, for example, if he's the kind of person who would lie.
No, no!
It's impossible for someone like Iwata-san to tell any lies!
He's a responsible and serious person who didn't have a bad idea.
You see, Inspector Takagi?
It was a waste of time.
Ah, yes...
When I lived in this place, if there was anyone who didn't follow the rules,
they would fight?
This fighting would have been absurd.
He was a very affable person.
(At the same time) Eh?
Something doesn't fit...
Because when we saw him the other day,
"He was very frightened and he kept shouting."
Yes.
Maybe he changed his character
when he went to live in those apartments.
Oh, that move took me by surprise...
-It was so hasty... -Hasty?
The lease for these apartments...
is renewed every 2 years,
but he changed
just when he had finished all the necessary paperwork to renew the lease.
to renew the lease.
That is, Mr. Iwata was planning to continue living here.
And yet, he suddenly changed his mind...
and told you he was going to go to that apartment block in Beika City?
Eh?
The Iwata went to an apartment block in Beika City?
Yes, does that tell you anything?
No...
But, I don't know, moving from a block of apartments to an apartment block...
He didn't seem to have any money problems.
And besides, this apartment is very useful for him,
when it came to commuting to the labs where he worked.
It is possible that 3 months ago some event had occurred
that forced him to move to those apartments.
Yes... This is the only thing I can think of.
And that the case occurred because of this move.
-Hey! -Hey!
What do you mean by that? -Speak up!
What do you mean by that?
-Hey! -Speak up!
Don't ask me...
"As I suspected, this is not a fortuitous case."
"Surely..."
(Boy) 3 months ago, you say?
Yes.
Do you remember anything special happening to Mr. Iwata?
3 months... Mmmm...
Ah... he's a cheerful man,
but then he looked like he had some kind of worry
that had him down.
I think it was since he visited that grave.
That grave?
Yes.
It was the third time he had visited the tomb
of someone who saved his life when he was a student.
Did he visit that grave
before you moved into the apartment you have now?
Yes.
After that he left almost immediately.
It is possible that the visit to the grave led him...
to act in a very specific way.
Someone who saved him when he was a student...
(Male) Ah, in this case I suppose you must be referring to Mr. Yasaka.
Both Iwata-san and I were students and we didn't have any real money,
and we had to work part-time jobs to make ends meet.
He worked in a factory in town owned by Mr. Yasaka.
"Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka soon took care of Iwata,
"who had lost his parents when he was very young.
"And they spoiled him as if he were their son."
"When a motorcycle ran over him near the factory...
"And he was badly injured..."
If you need to transfuse him, take my blood!
-And mine too!
"It seems that both of them are volunteering to give him blood."
In a manner of speaking, that marriage saved his life.
That's what the Iwata told me....
But, unfortunately, 2 years ago,
a corrupt lender cheated Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka,
took the factory from them and both of them committed suicide.
If he said he went to visit the grave of someone
who saved his life during his student days,
I'm sure he was referring to the grave of that couple.
I'm sure that the temple where they have their tombs
is the Henryu-ji Temple in the city of Beika.
Henryu-ji?
That's near your apartment block, isn't it, Chiharu?
Yes.

Beika station, that block of apartments...
Straight ahead is the temple, right?
What became of that corrupt lender...
who cheated the Yasaka couple and drove them to suicide?
Surely, he is now in jail,
because he was facing other charges
for intimidation and threats and similar offenses.
-But as for the woman... What woman do you mean?
It seems that there was also a woman involved.
When I did a little research, I found out...
that there was a woman who introduced Mr. Yasaka...
that lender by the name of Fujikura.
I'm convinced that this woman wanted the "cake" from the very beginning
and intended to deceive Mr. Yasaka.
Tell me, could that woman not be charged with anything?
Only that she declared that she introduced them to the man of good will,
that would be the end of it.
We cannot punish with jurisprudence.
Is it that the law cannot punish that... woman?
"The Iwata was very angry."
-And what was that woman's name? -She didn't tell me.
But she worked as a waitress in a bar or some such place.
-Hey... -That can't be...
What's wrong with that woman?
"So, it was this?"
I'm in Takagi.
I'd like to urgently check something
on a man named Fujikura
who's been serving time for a couple of years.
Impossible?
That he died... last month from an illness?
(At the same time) Eh?
(Woman) Fujikura?
Eiji Fujikura.
Did Miss Misa Katayama ever feel Miss Katayama mention his name?
I have no fucking idea
what kind of men that despicable woman went with.
But, you worked with her.
I don't know anything!
(Mobile)
Takagi, tell me!
Ah, about before.
Have you been able to check it?
Thank you very much!
That was the prison warden.
They went to ask the man who was serving time with Fujikura.
It seems that the latter told him something.
That when he got out of prison
he wanted to get in touch with a waitress named Misa
and that he would go back to making a killing.
We have already connected the aggressor and the victim.
-Mitsuhiko... -Mitsuhiko...
But... we don't have any solid evidence against him though, do we?
Proof?
(Chimes: tinkling)
Co-Conan!
What are you doing?
Oh!
What's he doing here, this kid?
(at once) Conan!
This girl is Miss Misa Katayama?
Yes, that's her.
Why do you ask?
Is this a recent photo?
It was taken 6 months ago.
It's also 6 months ago...
There are no voices in this photo?
It's just that she was hurt.
Yes, she was.
She caught her finger in the car door.
The thing raised a lot of dust.
More or less, it turned out well...
More or less?
I'd like us to check something.
Yes.
That murder weapon that's been confiscated as evidence,
that iron pipe in question...
We had started out with the purpose of saving Mr. Iwata,
and it seems we've stumbled upon something bigger than we thought we would.
Mitsuhiko...
Whatever the consequences,
there is only one truth.
(Takagi) Mr. Iwata-san, you know why we came here, don't you?
Three months ago, you came to visit this grave.
On that day, it was 2 years since the death of Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka,
who had committed suicide because of the deceptions of Mr. Eiji Fujikura,
a corrupt lender.
Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka...
(Takagi) "After paying their respects to the grave,
"While on your way to the station, you happened to see her."
"That was the woman who agreed with Mr. Eiji Fujikura...
"And who deceived Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka."
Rules!
Always with the same story!
That littering at night is not such a big deal!
If you have any complaints,
call the police and ask them to arrest me!
"Even though she pushed an honest married couple to suicide,
"That woman did not show the slightest sign of remorse."
"At that moment, a thought crossed her mind, am I wrong?"
"That finding her on the day
"of the anniversary of her death was her destiny."
"That her rescuers wanted him to avenge them."
"He rented an apartment

"In front of the block of apartments where the woman lived and moved."
You wanted to avenge her death,
but you didn't want to be arrested for it.
Since she hadn't been punished to the full extent of the law,
you thought of a way to do it
without being prosecuted for the crime:
murder her... pretending it was self-defense.
"You started acting fast."
"You personally set a small fire.
"And, taking this as an excuse,
"You made everyone think that you had become a very strict man...
"on the subject of waste and selective collection."
"He just had to wait for his chance."
"And he continued to wait
"Until Misa Katayama would throw away the garbage
"And an optimal opportunity presented itself to him."
"That there would be no one on the street."
Demon...
(Takagi) "And last night, at last, the occasion came."
"You marked the woman's footprints
"On the iron pipe you had prepared
"and went to turn yourself in to the police."
Mr. Iwata, did I make a mistake?
I wanted to make it look like this planned murder
was a fortuitous event.
As seen from the outside, it looked like a problem
that had occurred between neighbors in the same neighborhood,
you would think
that the police would never investigate the assailant's past or that of the victim.
or the victim's past.
That woman picked up that iron pipe of dirt
and tried to hit me.
And in order to protect myself, I had no choice but to....
That was self-defense!
-That's enough. Yes.
Give up, please.
We have proof of the facts.
The fingerprints from the Misa.
Fingerprints?
What are you insinuating?
That that pipe doesn't have that woman's fingerprints on it?
On the contrary, that pipe had...
the fingerprints of Miss Misa Katayama's 10 fingers.
It looks like Miss Misa, about half a year ago,
had a serious injury to her index finger,
and although it now looks like she wasn't even able to bend it.
Unless someone had made him take that pipe by force, it was impossible for her to have left fingerprints on it,
it was impossible for her to have left the traces of that saying.
He could not forgive her, that woman!
Father, mother, if I am alive it is thanks to the blood you gave me!
Warning, if you look the other way, you will still take the wrong way.
Yes!
I, even if I graduate from the university,
I will continue to work here with your permission.
-What nonsense to say! -Same thing.
You will be such a good engineer
that you'll be able to carry the weight of the country on your shoulders.
Silly, not the country;
of the whole world.
Yes, you are right.
"How dare... those good people?"
And even more, to push him to the point of having to commit suicide?
However, what you have done is a murder...
As unforgivable as it is what a person has done,
to think that it is right to take his life is unacceptable.
Mr. and Mrs. Yasaka!
(Cries)
Ah, you were here, guys!
Genta, what happened, say?
It is that a superestrany guy has moved in front of my house
and this person is ultra... ultra... Eh?
What's the matter?
"This one never learns."
Mm... Oh, man, it's raining.
We were supposed to play rabbit killer
during the fifth class today...
No way.
I was so looking forward to playing...
Looks like the 5 figures aren't the only clue there is.
(At the same time) Eh?
(Mitsuhiko) This looks like it.
(Trona)
And the next Conan: "The big operation of 1st B"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

