Friends!
I will always be your partner!
Teacher Kobayashi is missing?
1st B class, let's go on the great search together!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

(Mitsuhiko) In the end, it started pouring rain.
What a shame, just today.
We were supposed to play "bunny killer"
during today's extracurricular activity...
But at the rate we're going, I'm sure they'll cancel it.
No way... I was so looking forward to playing.
Let's see, then, what are we going to fifth period?
(Mitsuhiko) I don't know...
And last week, we already did the festival of fun...
And what shall we do, the festival of reading?
(Mitsuhiko) -Huh?
But it's superavorrit.
(Thinks) "That's it, I've finished it."
(Trona)
"It's perfect!"
THE GREAT OPERATION OF 1ST B!
Boys and girls!
Let's see.
Do you already have all the pencils in your hand?
Write the characters in the right order, okay?
"What a mug, mustn't wait for me to take it seriously."
Eh?
No, Conan!
Conan, that's not the way to do it.
The character for "woman" is written with a "ku", a "no" and an "ichi".
"He-he... Yeah, right."
Oh, how silly of me!
I've neglected my gum at home.
Got it!
Use my, if you want.
Oh, thank you so much.
(Kudo voice: imitates him) Use my, if you want... (Teacher) Ah!
(Teacher) Conan, be quiet! Please forgive me.
"Haibara, you'll pay for this!"
(Ai) Eh?
Edogawa, you were saying nothing?
- (child) Miss! Yes!
Here's one who hasn't written anything for a while.
Sakamoto, what's wrong?
Are you feeling sick?
It's not that.
It's just that all my pencils have broken tips.
I'd like to write, but I can't.
Don't you have a razor to sharpen pencils?
I've neglected it at home.
Well, you have to ask someone to lend you one!
And who is that someone supposed to be?
-What did you say? - (teacher) Quiet, children.
(teacher) -Have one!
I'll leave you my llapis. Thank you.
Next time you need help,
don't stay like that and ask the others to give you a hand.
Yes.
- (school bell) -Others....
Hurray!
The most awaited hour has arrived!
Time to eat!
Genta, this is the hour you are looking forward to the most, isn't it?
Listen, children!
-Eh?
Aren't we going to eat? -People...!
Please leave the classroom open...
for the duration of the break you have after lunch.
It's just that... I have to meet this class with one person.
And we all have to leave the class?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's just that this person I'm telling you is very shy.
-Come on, children, we have to dine now. Yes!
(Mitsuhiko) What in ten was the reason?
Miss Kobayashi winked at us.
I'm sure she's up to one of her own.
- (children: whispers) - (Genta) Eh?
(Genta) What's wrong?
That's where our class is, isn't it?
Maybe something happened.
What's happened? -It's-it's terrible!
Miss!
Miss!
(At the same time) eeeeh?
"I've taken your teacher."
"Do you know where I got her? The thief of the 200 faces."
(Trona)
-The... the thief...-...of the 200 faces?!
Now I get it.
That's why she winked at us earlier.
Isn't she cute?
"That maniac in Ranpo..."
A... so,
this person that Miss Kobayashi had to see...
W... was the thief?
How awful!
Be that as it may, we have to explain all this to the school principal.
Wait!
I found this sheet inside my desk.
Is it the thief's?
No...
Surely, this is a game of deductions...

that Ms. Kobayashi has prepared for us.
A game of deductions?
Wait a minute, in other words:
she has been leaving us clues
because we found out where she has been hiding.
If she wanted us to leave this class free
during the break after lunch,
it means that maybe she's hidden other clues somewhere.
- (all at once) We should look for them! - (all) Yes!
Oh!
Inside my table there is a paper with a number 2 on it.
And my number is 1!
And my number is 5!
(Ay) The 3, the 2, the 1 and the 5.
The number 4 is missing!
Then it must be somewhere in the class!
-Come on, we'll look for it all together! Yes!
Excuse me, there's a piece of paper like this on my desk too.
- (at the same time) eeeeh? -Oh!
We've got it!
Number 4!
We have them all!
Oh, now that I realize... Who are you?
Genta, you're rude!
This is Maria Higashio, the girl who came to school recently!
Maria Higashio?
That's right, Genta!
You didn't remember?
You're a mess.
Well... It's not strange that you don't remember her either...
The day she came to school,
you're at home resting with a cold...
Eh?
He-he-he-he.
What a coincidence.
Now I get it.
Anyway, now we have to gather and put in order the clues we have.
Yes.
Exactly, you're absolutely right.
The paper with the 1 was inside my desk.
2 was on Ayumi Yoshida's table...
3 was Conan Edogawa's table.
The 4 was at Maria Higashio's table.
And the 5, to that of Genta Kojima.
What should it do, that the one on Genta is the only one in red?
Have you had blood coming out of your nose lately?
Of course not!
Perhaps it must refer to the scale of scoring of the notes.
In Japan, the grades that are entered into the computer records are on a scale of 1 to 5.
follow the scale of 1 to 5.
If the grades of these 5 people here match their grades in the
with their grades in the art subject...
it will mean that the lady is in the art classroom.
A score from 1 to 5?
You mean... "evolution"?
In the first grade,
Teitan elementary school either says "good" or "you have to try harder".
Ah, maybe... yes, it was like that...
I understood that when my older sister studied,
the grading scale was 5.
I think maybe I'm going a little bit wrong.
Maybe... Maybe it was like that many years ago, but...
Haibara, how old are you and your sister, say?
Haibara!
But you have an older sister?
Or maybe the mother told me?
He-he-he-he-he...
Guys, it seems that the 5 digits are not the only clue there is.
Check it out!
The other part of the paper that touched the board!
-A dice? -A dice?
Miimu... Nishigo.
Sahir... Fuyogo
It doesn't look like a word game with numbers.
(Mitsuhiko) But what should these 6 dice represent?
We've only found 5 numbers, it doesn't seem to have anything to do with it.
It doesn't have much to do with it.
Surely, somewhere in this class,
there's still a number 6 hidden.
Eh?
A number 6?
-Well, it wasn't on my desk. And it wasn't on mine either.
-Not mine, either.
So, where is the number 6?
Yes, it is.
If you're referring to this ridiculous piece of paper.
Zote!
If you had it, you could have shown us before!
Whether I do or not, it's up to me!
Well, now that I think about it, I haven't seen much of you either.
Who are you?
Apa, Genta!
Have you already forgotten?
Only that you came to our school,
took a lot of damage
and couldn't come to school for 10 months!
It's in Saka... Eh?
Sakamoto, and what else?
Yes, it was Sakamoto... Sakamoto...
Takuma!
You called yourself Takuma Sakamoto, right?
Say.
-Yes. -Ah, is that your name?
Conan, you're the best!
You really remembered.
No.
I'm sorry for Takuma, but I forgot too.
And... how did you know his name?
Thanks to the lady's coded message.
If you decipher the message, what comes out is the name Takuma!
Eh?
So... then...
So you know where the lady is hiding?
Yes, of course.
-Where is she?
Where is she?
Tell us! -Where is the young lady?
And do it without killing us with emotion.

"Coi de Haibara!"
Let's see, why is the number in Genta the only red one?
(Megaphone: female) "Conan Edogawa from 1st B!"
"Please report urgently to the teachers' lounge!"
- "We repeat! Conan Edogawa..." - Conan, you are called for something.
Yes...
"...please report urgently to the teachers' lounge."
Looks like I'll have to go at all costs.
-What? -What? -Wait, Conan!
Go after you've explained the solution to the riddle!
Don't worry!
You can solve it in a jiffy!
It's a very simple game that any child can easily know.
Yoro and so on... I leave it in your hands.
You leave it to us? - (at the same time) Don't smoke!
"Yoro A 4 and a 6?"
"Mmmm... So, it was this?"
What a stick...
Now we have to decipher the lady's message without Conan?
We wait until Conan comes back to class?
What fools.
If he has deciphered it,
is there any reason why we can't decipher it?
But, anyway...
Besides, this is a coded message...
that a primary school teacher has made for us,
her students.
It's neither the incomprehensible posthumous message from a victim
at the scene of a crime,
nor a map indicating the location of a treasure.
Surely it is made in such a way that we can solve it.
There is no reason why we should have to go back just to start.
Don't you see? -Yes, you're right!
Now I have a feeling that we will be able to solve it!
Let's try hard!
Well, for the moment, what do you think if we put on these dice...
the names of the people on the tables
where the matching numbers were?
Let's see... the first one is 3;
therefore, that one would go on Conan.
The next one is 1;
therefore, it would go to you, Mitsuhiko.
At 6 I would go on Takuma!
The 2 is Ayumi, the 4 would be Maria and the 5, me.
Conan, Mitsuhiko, Takuma, Ayumi, Maria and Genta.
If we read only the beginning of each name we have: Komitaamage.
Komitaamage?
If we take the surnames it would be:
Dogawa, Tsuburaya, Sakamoto, Yoshida, Higashio and Kojima.
It would be: Etsusayohiko.
It is possible that the numbers that were on the boards
and these dice refer to different things.
And the fact that the 5 on Genta is the only one that is red in color
has me intrigued as well.
-Ah... -Oh, what happened?
Did you find out anything?
I don't know, maybe...
Maybe it's something that is red among 6 other things.
I get the impression that the idea must be going that way.
Something red among 6 other things?
At traffic lights, there are 3 lights and one is red?
A deck of American playing cards,
of the 52 there are, 26 are red.
(Maria) For... excuse me...
Uh... lo...
(Maria) - It's true! -The dice, it's the dice!
Very good, Maria!
If you have good eyesight!
Yes.
It's that, sheik, I really enjoy playing the goose.
Oh...
-This talk, where is it from? -Xeic, I enjoy?
You don't have to be ashamed.
Variants are like elements that enrich languages.
If you want to avoid using it, no problem,
but you should never get rid of it.
Because in your way of speaking
is engraved a very important message,
that says where you grew up.
Yes!
You are right!
Changing the subject.
What does it have to do that one side of the die is red
have to do with the fact that my number is red?
On the dice, the only one that is red is the 1, right?
In other words, that the 5 that was on your table,
confirms that it is the number 1.
So, out of all 6, I am the first?
Are you sure?
The normal thing would be to think
that it refers to your height and weight,
but when we were all measured and weighed the other day,
Yoshida and I were the same height and weight.
At this age, children can grow a lot overnight,
so... I don't think that's it.
While we're at it, Takuma,
are there any games or sports that you're particularly good at?
Huh?
Why do you ask?
Yeah, remember in Conan told us just now?
"His hint was:
" 'It's a simple game that any child can easily know.'"
So it could be in order of highest to lowest ability
one has in some game or sport.

In Genta it is number 1, therefore.
Done!
Sure it's baseball!
I know how to play baseball too.
So I played very often with my father.
What do you mean?
That you play better than me?
-That's not like comparing 2 professional baseball players.
You're just some elementary school kids with a flair for sports,
and to say who's better or worse would be hard
to make a list from 1 to 6.
This is true.
I'm sure there's another game we can use as a clue.
Miss, that was you, wasn't it?
The person who was spying on us before.
And when he saw that I had solved the message with ease,
she called another teacher with her cell phone
and asked her to call me urgently over the loudspeaker.
What else did you want me to do?
If you solved it too quickly, it wouldn't be funny!
He didn't do it just because it wouldn't be funny, did he?
Coi as a child!
"But, I don't know if it will go well..."
-Done hide and seek! -Console games!
Fathers and mothers!
Mmmm... None of them sound good to me...
I am a specialist in the game of chairs!
Genta, because you have a fat ass...
"The game of chairs, the ass..."
Tell me, Ay, you can't think of anything?
I don't know, maybe it's a game...
in which the body should not be used.
Yes... For example...
(Takuma) Chained words!
The names of all 6 form a series of chained words.
Eh?
Chained words?
It's... it's true!
Genta, Takuma, Maria, Ayumi, Mitsuhiko, Conan!
It's true!
With the words strung together, Genta is the first of all!
Very good, Takuma!
You're very observant!
It was just a coincidence!
"Now I understand."
"This means that the lady is hiding in that classroom!"
Mitsuhiko, what's the meaning of the chained words?
We have to apply the order of the chained names
the numbers that these dice give us and then put them in order...
according to the number that was on everyone's table 6.
The Mary, the third to the chained words, is 4.
The first, in Genta, is 5. The sixth, in Conan, is 3.
The second, in Takuma, is 6. The fourth, Ayumi, is 2.
And the fifth, which is me, is 1.
If we read them in order we have: yongosanrokuniichi.
Yogosamunii.
There is no rhyme or reason to it.
And you are not confused with this chained words thing?
This is impossible!
It fits very well to be a simple coincidence.
Come to think of it,
the Edogawa said that she knew how to say Takuma...
because she had deciphered this message, right?
Yes, if the chosen game is the chained words,
the name that could come out between Genta and Maria
had to start with "Ta" and end with "Ma"....
The only possible name was "Takuma".
But there is a person in the neighborhood named Tajima.
There is also one called Tanum.
But they are surnames!
It's possible that the Edogawa also somehow figured out
the "ku" in Takuma's name.
-Can you think of anything? -Yes, it's true!
Since en Takuma's surname is Sakamoto...
The "ku" in his name is the sixth letter from the top
if we read it in hiragana.
And we were commenting that it coincides perfectly
with the number 6 that Takuma had on his table!
Just the wood!
As I am number 1 and I call myself Tsuburaya,
we would take the "tsu" from the last name!
In this case, since my name is Kojima Genta,
the fifth syllable would be... "ge" wouldn't it?
It is the "ene".
I have the 2, I have to take the second syllable of Yoshida, the "shi".
As I have to take the fourth syllable of Higashio, the "o".
Since Edogawa has the 3, we would take the "ga".
And now we read these syllables one after the other
following the order given by the dice.
Let's see, since the first die is my number 3....
(At the same time) O!
As in Kojima comes next...
(At the same time) Ena!
-And the Edogawa, which is next? -GA!
-Next in Sakamoto...-Ku!
-The Yoshida...
Shi!
-And now at Tsuburaya! -Tsu!
It's in the music room!
Viva!
"Now I partly understand the efforts you have to make in Kudo in these cases."
Au, let's all go towards the music room, come on!
Yes!
Maria, come on, let's go!
Hurry up!
You come too!

If the solution is wrong,
we'll all have to think again together!
Yes, I know.
(Ayumi) Say, Miss Kobayashi is here?
Eh... No.
There doesn't seem to be anyone here.
It can't be!
Well, don't tell me we got confused...
with how to decipher the message?
Maybe it has something to do with the goose game I was saying before.
(Genta) -And it must not be the chained words, which was not right?
(Genta) That's impossible!
Instead of protesting,
the first thing to do is to look everywhere.
Surely the miss is somewhere!
(Genta) "What the fuck... You're already wanting to be begged!"
Ah!
Ah!
(At the same time) Eh?
(At the same time) Eh?
Miss Kobayashi!
So, our deduction...
Yes, of course!
You've hit the nail on the head!
Hurray!
You can be thankful.
It's been an ordeal.
"I'm sorry..."
Tell us, Miss!
Will you give us a reward?
-I won't give you any .- (girl) There isn't any?
Children, I won!
I've lost.
With it you do not have enough?
-No! -(at once) No!
"No, Miss Kobayashi, you have won."
"I had a little girl who had just arrived at this school,
"who felt disoriented by the change of environment...
"and who was having a hard time making friends."
"And I had a boy who had been absent from school
"For a long period of time because he had been drinking badly
"And who couldn't find his place in the class."
"At the time he has added their names to his message,
"He's made everyone learn the names,
"He's created an environment that's made them collaborate with each other,
"whether they wanted it or not, in order to decipher the message."
"And it's made their class united."
Why don't we explore the mysterious western mansion in the second district in the next activity?
in the second district in the next activity?
That mansion next to the doctor's house?
Where it says Eto on the door?
Rumor has it that it's empty again
and that it has been possessed by an evil spirit!
"Don't pass by, it's my house!"
-Oh!
It sounds very interesting! -Doesn't it?
We explored the phantom western mansion of the second district!
Yes!
The Eto!
The Eto!
"It reads Kudo, you pacifier."
"Surely there's a stone here too."
Shouldn't it be a joke like any other?
"I think it's very daring..."
"It's not the kind of thing a professional would do."
"The crab scissors carve, carve, the orange is a paper-stone.
"A green caterpillar, paper-scissors."
"I'm sure in Sukasa is that beach."
"Please, we must find it!"
And the next Conan: "The page that had disappeared"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

