Connection!
I will always be your partner!
Eisuke Hondo arouses suspicion.
A mysterious case at the Teima River.
Something has started to move.
It looks like a child, but it has the brain of an adult and it's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

(Horns)
Queen Mizunashi... hasn't regained consciousness yet?
No...
When there is loss of consciousness due to external injuries,
normally, consciousness is regained after one month,
"But the doctor who is in charge has explained to me in detail
"That if it continues like this for more than two and a half months,
"This is still going to go on for a long time."
This would be a problem.
If he is here too long,
the risk of those people discovering this site
will grow exponentially.
Yes, we should move her to another hospital.
And the best would be one in the United States.
No... if we move her, we'll draw even more attention to her,
and we'd end up doing exactly what they want.
B-but...
-Well... If they found out..,
I think we have the best bait to catch that group.
A... A bait?
By the way..., have you found out anything about Queen Mizunashi's past?
Regarding her background
before she started working at Nichiuri TV,
the information has been skillfully falsified
and there is no way of knowing where she was born or where she grew up....
Mmmm... So, we don't even know if he has a family or not?
Yes, but it is also very likely...
that this ridiculous name of Queen Mizunashi is also a fake.
Ridiculous, you say?
Mizunashi means "zero"... And Reina, "zero and thirsty".
007, you take it?
THE SHADOW OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE MEN IN BLACK.
THE LITTLE WITNESS
(Kogoro) Ah... right.
I understand what you mean by this...
But, hey, all I've done is what I was asked to do.
I'm already home!
So for the rest, I'm very sorry,
but maybe you should talk to your husband...
(Woman) "Yes, of course.... What an insensitive guy!"
And now... who was calling you?
A man asked me
to investigate if his wife would give him the jump,
and now his wife just called me.
He claims that, like, they should divorce because of me,
he wants to receive compensation...
But if she was the one who gave him the jump....
Change!
How I would like to be James Bond.
Eh?
Why is that?
It's obvious...
He always wears expensive designer clothes,
has a luxury supercar and uses high-tech gadgets...
and does research like a gentleman.
And I have the same old suit, I have to rent cars...
and I have to take pictures of infidelities as if I were a thief.
And, on top of that, wherever he goes, he always has a lot of beauties around him.
And they call me hysterical women to call me.
We have nothing to do with each other.
Oh!
This coffee is great!
Is it a brand?
Too bad, but no.
It's a coffee in single-dose sachets that they recently put on sale.
I just finished buying it at the supermarket.
There was an advertisement
that said that if you sent them the points of purchase
they would give you a very nice coffee maker.
Change!
I guess this cheap coffee ten fit me perfectly.
Hey, you!
No!
If you have to ruminate, don't drink it!
(Eisuke) Ouch!
(Eisuke) Ouch!
Cream, cream, cream...
Excuse me, you... you are...
Eisuke Hondo!
Very... tasteful.
Ouch!
Forgive me, please!
Did I burn you?
Don't worry, I'm fine...
It's my fault for having stood in the middle,
like a real handyman.
Hey, how come you're here?
I met him by chance at the supermarket
and he joined me at home.

Detective Mouri, you told me...
that I could come and help whenever I wanted!
-Yes, I did say that, but... I'll be happy to help you!
With calls and whatever you want!
(Phone)
Hello!
This is the Mouri Detective Agency!
Hello?
Sit me down?
Mmmm?
Put me through.
Strange..., it's been cut off... Who would that be?
You cut it, you knucklehead!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Do whatever you want, but don't touch anything!
De a... okay...
(Thinking) "I didn't realize he was in the room."
Wait, I'm going to get a towel.
"Don't tell me he had overridden his presence? Or maybe..."
Eisuke, the towel... Yes...
Oh, forgive me!
I didn't see you.
Aaaah!
No... it's okay.
"His presence is minuscule as a shadow."
Detectives have a lot of time on their hands.
Mm?
Yeah, thanks to someone hanging up the phone.
Hey, is this comic coming out next week?
Wow, I'm so looking forward to the sequel...
Not next week, no, because there's an interview with the author.
But, this is... really bad, don't you think?
Eh?
Why is that?
Because they tell us it's because of an interview,
but we don't really know what the real reason is...
Maybe he was fed up with work and has escaped from them
or maybe... he's got a cold and can't draw.
He might even have been kidnapped...
and they could have him locked up somewhere.
Wow, what an exaggeration!
But that actor who died 6 months ago
said he was recharging his batteries
and staying away from work for a while,
when in fact it turns out he was sick.
And recently, that one also turned out to be a suspect....
You know, the one who was on TV all the time,
but has suddenly stopped doing it to take a break.
Mm?
Ah!
That's right, in Rock Itagaki!
Eh?
That's right!
The musician who debuted last year with a major label!
Now you were talking about him, right?
Eh... Well, I guess...
Of course I was!
Sonoko told me about him!
It hasn't even been a year since her debut
and she already says she wants a sabbatical to recharge her batteries.
In passes some.
Yes.
And Sonoko was a fan of this musician?
Yes, since he started with "indie" music!
(Kogoro: half a river)
You can count, now that he has improved sensibly his income,
he must have gone I don't know where to have a good time with all women!
Just like in 007.
(Child) This gentleman has been murdered.
Eh?
I saw with my eyes how they threw him off a bridge!
(Kogoro) Ah, now I get it...
When they were watching the TV commercial
of this Rock Itagaki CD on TV,
Takumi started to get rowdy, right?
Yes... Yes, he told me "this guy from the saw is dead".
The guy from the saw?
This guy's got a head like a saw!
He really is like that.
With silver hair, he makes this impression.
But they haven't said anything, neither on the news, nor on television,
and even less in the newspapers.
So at first I didn't believe it.
And when I inquired, I was told that he had taken a vacation.
Little by little I began to have doubts,
that's why I wanted to come to see him for consultation.
If I'm honest, I was planning to come and see him...
after I played a trick on him.
But I called him once and he cut me off.
Oh... ujo.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he.... (thinks) "Bobo!"
Tell me, Takumi.
Do you know when it happened and where that bridge was?
I saw it the other day!
But I don't quite know where I saw it.
Ah!
I felt some fireworks crackling!
It must be the fireworks they do for New Year's, right?
Mr. Hashiratani, don't you remember where Takumi was that day?
Uh, yes..., I think we were going by car,
on our way to the temple for our first visit of the year.
There was very heavy traffic
and there were also a lot of cars when we were stopped.
As I was tired and was weighing figs,
I don't know which bridge we went over when the fireworks crackled.
Can you give us more details about when you saw it?
Mm... Let's see...
"That gentleman had a very big bag next to him
"And he was looking at the river all the time."

"Then, all of a sudden, he picked up the bag and threw it into the river."
So, Mr. Itagaki was inside that bag?
And how did you know that Mr. Itagaki was inside the bag?
Because I saw him before he threw it!
It was sticking out of the bag and blood was gushing out of it.
"He was the boss of that saw lord."
I saw it!
This is ridiculous!
If the man had been walking around with something like that,
someone would have noticed!
But... it was dark and if you didn't look closely you couldn't see him.
So, what are you going to tell me?
It turns out that something that you couldn't see well...
goes and a boy like you can see it perfectly?
I tell you, I saw it all of a sudden.
Maybe the boss came out of the bag all of a sudden.
What did that man do after he threw that bag?
He took off a pile of clothes he was wearing
and threw them on the floor!
But I didn't see him very well either because the body covered up what he was doing.
And then, he started to look for something....
for clothes and everywhere else.
For clothes and everywhere?
He had something in his mouth before he started looking for that?
Eh?
Yes, something!
Yes, maybe it was tobacco!
What that man had in his mouth was a cigarette!
So, he was probably looking for a lighter.
And... he found that lighter?
Yes.
After having lit the cigarette, he also threw it.
So, that man spent some time right there?
Mm.
He immediately got into a car next to him and drove off.
Do you remember that man's face or what that car looked like?
The car looked black, but... the cap covered his face.
Ouch!
On the man's arm there was a drawing.
Was there a drawing?
There was a drawing?
Yes, it was a drawing of a strange nail.
Eh... A strange nail?
Oh, it's true!
At that moment, the car next to ours,
I saw a shiny hammer this big!
You saw a shiny hammer?
A saw, a nail, a hammer...?
Mmm...
Marrec!
I'm, lift the shirt?
It's... Mr. Mouri!
Oh, excuse me...
Nano, it's not right to tease the big ones..., you understand?
He-he-he-he-he...
Your name is Takumi, right?
Yes.
Actually, all this you've been telling us is a lie, right?
It's not a lie at all!
It's really true!
(People: whispers)
(Man) Come on!
Come on, it's raining!
"What luck!"
"I'd better get the transmitter back.
"And the microphone from the shoe now that I can."
(Man) "All right! It's mine!"
No, boy...
Don't tell me you followed me... here?
No... You're wrong...
It's just a coincidence.
Of course it is...
Thank you...
You did me a favor by picking up the shoe.
(Eisuke) Thank you very much.
(Eisuke) Takumi...
It seems to me that this child isn't lying.
Wha...?
But this doesn't make any sense?
It's already been 4 days since the time he saw it!
If this were true,
they should find his body any minute now
and all hell would break loose!
"We've just received breaking news."
But...
"Early this morning, the lifeless body of a man was found...
"of a man in the Teima River."
"A short time ago, the family of the deceased has identified him...
"and confirmed that he is Mr. Rock Itagaki."
"At the moment, it is only known that the body was found inside a bag..,
"and they have found evidence of several impacts to the head,
"including the blow that killed him."
"The police are investigating, as a main line,
"A murder caused by a personal conflict."
Oh!
It was true...
So..., in the end, what my son said he had seen...
how someone had thrown Mr. Itagaki's body into the river...
inside a bag from the bridge, was it true?
I never tell lies!
In this case, maybe we should explain everything to the police quickly.
It's true...
We must take into account that this child is a very important testimony!
But I don't know...
With this that Rock Itagaki's head was like a saw,
that the arm of the murderer was the drawing of a nail...
and, for dessert, that at the time he witnessed it all,
the car next to the vehicle in which he was driving
saw a huge shiny hammer...
it is not clear to me that the police believe the witness...

that this child gives them!
Besides, he also doesn't know where the bridge from which the corpse was thrown was.
So, we could take Takumi by car?
and drive back to the places he passed by that day...
and maybe we'll know something more.
Besides, we also know that it was the Teima River.
You are right.
We know that he saw it all when they were on their way to the temple.
Mr. Hashiratani, at least ten remember where you passed by, right?
Yes..., I think so.
But, Eisuke, it was incredible!
Just looking at that boy's face,
you could tell if he was lying or not...
Ah... Well, there's no merit to this...
I just imitated what my father used to do to me often
when he didn't lift two feet off the ground.
It's a kind of spell...
(Kogoro) Then, in which direction did you break to this crossroads?
If we turn right, we go to the monumental bridge of Haido,
if we go straight ahead, we go to the central bridge of Haido,
and if we break left, we come to the Haido New Bridge.
Well yes, I could have sworn I took the shortest way.
The center road.
So, it was the Haido Central Bridge?
But...,
since on New Year's Eve that street is full of breathalyzer controls,
I took a right to avoid the traffic jams.
Ah... Haido Monumental Bridge?
Eh... no...
There are many traffic lights on the right, so turn left.
But that's the long way around.
He-he-he.
Please, I beg you to focus more.
Say... excuse me.
It's just that I also take this street to go to work,
so I always take the way I feel like,
depending on what's catching me at the time.
And that day I don't really know what I felt like.
I'm sorry about that.
Listen, um... I'm here because you said you remembered the way!
Forgive me.
Father!
It's no big deal!
It goes, and if we go through all 3 bridges? Exactly, sir!
If we want to go to the river Teima and cross it from the point where we are now,
we have no choice but to go over one of the 3 bridges.
That's right!
Oi, Conan?
Conan.
Eh?
Yes.
What's wrong with you?
You're kind of off.
No, I'm not off at all!
I'm fine...
You are?
Then, I'm fine.
(Eisuke) "I just imitated what my father often used to do to me.
"When he wouldn't lift two feet off the ground."
"It's some kind of spell..."
"No... That's not a spell at all."
"What this boy has done before
"It's exactly the same thing that person did at that time."
"Applying a method of discovering lies by observation.
"Of irregularities of pulse and respiration,
"as well as the dilation of the pupils."
"And on top of that, it has been well demonstrated that he has done all of this...
"using exactly the same procedure."
"As I suspected, this boy and that woman..."
"Eisuke... Hondo!
"You...
"...and that person..."
"You have something to do with that person."
"With Queen Mizunashi,
"That woman from the Men in Black Organization
"who called herself Kir."
"(Kir: guffaws)"
Look!
The pin on the right that held the flag in place is gone.
Ah!
It's this drawing!
This was the drawing I had on my arm!
Boy, are you sure?
There was a person with a tattoo of this new design?
Ah!
I thought so!
Look!
"Now I get it. So, it was this?"
And the next Conan:
"The Shadow of the Men in Black Organization.
"An extravagant luminary"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

