An ace in the hole!
I will always be your partner!
The shadow of the Organization appears now, now not.
Solve the mystery of the glowing hammer
and smoke a bang on the whole case!
He looks like a kid, but he's got the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"A father and son introduced themselves
"In the office of Mr. Kogoro Mouri."
"On his way to the temple to make the first visit of the year,
"Takumi witnessed the throwing of a corpse
"into the Teima River from a bridge."
"Even more, the arm of the murderer saw the drawing of a nail....
"And he also says that near the place where he saw it all...
"There was a huge glowing hammer."
"Then, they found in the river...
"The corpse of Rock Itagaki, a famous musician."
THE SHADOW OF THE BLACK ORGANIZATION.
AN EXTRAVAGANT LUMINARY
(Kogoro) This is the New Haido Bridge.
Beyond this bridge, you can see the central bridge of Haido.
And, even further away, you can see the Haido Monumental Bridge.
Mmmmm...
Takumi, say..., do you remember anything?
I don't...
But at least you must remember
where the man was when he threw the body bag, right?
I don't remember that either.
In this case, did you see fireworks behind that man?
Mmmm?
Almost certainly...
the fireworks must have been set off around here,
and I think if we find out this detail,
we can find out which side of the bridge that suspicious person was on.
Takumi, what do you think?
(Think) "Fireworks..."
Ah, I got it!
Could it be that... huge hammer that Takumi saw
was the reflection on the surface of the water of a firework?
Think about it!
When fireworks go up in the sky above,
they create a kind of tail of light.
That must have looked like a hammer to her.
But, my child...
Then, the top of the fireworks...
would not form the head of the hammer.
Even if a firework takes off from the sky above,
at most it would form a kind of circle.
I think it would be shaped more like a frying pan than a hammer.
That's true.
Listen..., I didn't see the fireworks!
I felt the cracking sound they made, but I didn't see them.
So, that suspicious guy was on the other side of the bridge,
where you couldn't see any fireworks?
Excuse me for interrupting you with my impertinence,
but I don't think this is going to be as you say.
"That day Takumi was sitting in the middle seat in the back,
"But there was very heavy traffic in both directions.
"And I had the car in the middle lane."
"So the windows of my car,
"were obscured by the vehicles that were passing by us.
"And it's possible that I didn't have a very good angle of view."
So, anyway..., we're moving on to the next bridge?
This is the Haido Central Bridge
and what is in the middle of the 3 bridges.
Mmmm...
The smallest detail will be very useful.
Mmmm...
-Mmmm... (all) Eh?
(Mobile)
Yes, now.
Hello, hello?
Sonoko... What?
You know the news?
What is it? Like "what"?
This is not a question!
It's in Rock!
In Rock is dead!
Yes, I also saw the news just now.
As far as I can see, he can't remember anything at the moment...
Is it all right if we leave the glowing hammer for a moment?
Yes, I know.
I know that...
Sonoko, you don't need to cry like this, eh?
But, unlike years ago,
nowadays tattoos are a fashion that has become widespread.
and they are done very often.
Sorry, Sonoko,

Do you know if that Rock Itagaki had to do with something about a nail?
Yes, with a drawing of a nail that gives a little thing... What?
Sonoko, could you repeat it again?
You heard me,
the "indie" music band in which he started in Rock
was called Nail Snake,
and their symbol was a snake with its head pierced by a nail.
And there are people who have his symbol tattooed on their heads?
Yes, there are by the handful.
There seems to be a store of tattoo artists who are fans of the group
and that if you're a fan and you want one,
that's the place to go.
I think that store is near the Haido Central Bridge.
Eh?
Ran... Ran?
Hey, hey, hey!
This isn't it!
This isn't the picture I saw!
It's really not this drawing?
The truth is that we do have a drawing
with a nail that gives a little thing.
The symbol of that band did not suffer any kind of change?
Look at it!
The pin on the right that held the flag in place is gone.
Now I was going to change this one here for another one, wasn't I?
Also, that there is a part of the wall that has not been darkened?
because this prevented sunlight from coming through
and that around it there are other pieces of the wall that are lighter,
exactly the same as under the flag,
means that it's been stuck there for a long time
and now it's been taken out of there for some reason.
Oh boy, what a good view you have!
Yes, there is a new symbol... This is the new symbol!
But we'll put it up for sale next week!
Ah!
It was this drawing!
The drawing I had on my arm!
Do many people have a tattoo of this new design?
Do they?
Yes.
Some fanatical fans
who found out that they had changed the symbol
and they wanted to get the new symbol tattooed before anyone else.
Yeah, I got it.
Look, it's these 3 above.
From right to left, on Kiritani, on Yasui and on Kannai, I think.
I always take a picture of my clients
after tattooing them.
Takumi, do you recognize any of the 3 gentlemen you see in the photos?
As it was dark and I was wearing a cap I didn't see it well....
But when I saw the nail was
when that man went somewhere with the car!
The car?
The car of foreign brand on which the one in the middle is leaning, is it his?
Yes.
He told me that he already had it for more than 10 years.
Eh, and wouldn't it be this car?
It's also black.
Mmmm... I don't know.
And does the cap worn by the man on the right look familiar to you?
The cap wasn't like that!
I'm sorry.
Why was it decided to change the group's symbol?
The truth is that this symbol was designed in Rock
after having left the band
and having debuted with a major label.
It seems that many fans asked you to change the symbol soon.
And now that that misfortune has happened to en Rock,
it seems that tonight they will hold a concert in his memory.
They had their differences,
but en Rock was the best friend of the group's leader.
In the left corner of the photo, behind this gentleman is....
Mmmm?
Eh?
Yoko Okino!
That's not what I'm talking about.
I meant that what she's holding in her hands is the coffee maker
that they give as a prize with the coffee in single-dose sachets!
Now I get it, Yoko in ten do the commercials!
Let's see, if you haven't seen these ads,
how do you know, who's making them?
Well, I know...
Thanks to it.
By advertising vehicle!
I thought it was so cute that I took a picture with my cell phone.
Mmmm... Wait a minute!
If there is a vehicle that advertises the coffee maker,
could it be that...
No, that's completely impossible.
Ran, will you let me see it too, please?
Yes, yourself.
Wow, it's really nice, this coffee maker.
(Camera: CLEC)
Ouch!
For... excuse me, please.
I messed up!
I accidentally touched a key I shouldn't have touched!
Don't worry, it's all right.
So, we've reached the last bridge, the Haido Monumental Bridge.
Of course, you still don't remember anything, do you?
You're still not clear on which bridge you saw the suspicious guy from.
Let's talk to the police anyway.
Takumi's testimony has some points that are incomprehensible,
but he seems to be telling us the truth.

But the police will question him insistently.
They will ask him all the time what that shiny hammer was.
(He thinks) "Now I understand. So that's what it was? I got it."
"I know who threw the bag with Rock Itagaki's body in it."
(Clonc)
I promise you I saw it, the huge hammer that glowed!
Hey, kid...
I think this is what this kid is saying, he dreamt it.
-Somiar? -No..., it wasn't a dream!
Surely, he was right by chance...
about throwing Mr. Itagaki into the river, but...
The fact that he saw Mr. Itagaki's head sticking out of the bag...
or that I saw the tattoo of a nail on one arm would be a dream.
So, in this area it was exactly pitch black at night, right?
It's impossible for me to see either a person's head or a tattoo.
Yes, that's true.
Don't... don't run so fast...
This would be possible with fireworks.
With the fireworks a little light is produced
and I might have seen some things!
Also, they launched fireworks at the beginning of the new year.
In this case, the point where the suspect was located?
must have been on the other side of the bridge,
the side where you could see the fireworks take off.
And if that was the direction they were taking off from,
it would be difficult to see the tattoo because of the reflection.
Yes, indeed.
But... if it was on the other side of the bridge,
even though he could see the head sticking out of the bag,
he shouldn't be able to see the tattoo on his arm, right?
"For example, even if the position of the vehicle Takumi was riding in....
"Outside this lane on this side,
"It would be at a distance from the side lane on the other side."
I have already told you, he saw...
when that man took the car to go somewhere!
This means that the closest you're going to get to the tattoo on the arm,
was when that person got into his car, right?
But if he sat in the driver's seat, I don't think you should be able to see it,
I don't think you should have been able to see it.
But... I saw it.
-It could be... that that gentleman sat in the driver's seat
sticking his arm out the window.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
That means that the man had the tattoo on his right arm.
If from the other lane he saw the car on the right hand side,
I couldn't see his left arm.
All right, we'll go back to the tattoo store...
and ask them to let us see the pictures again!
Gee, I don't think we'll be able to.
Eh?
They told us they were going to Mr. Itagaki's memorial concert...
and that they would close at 6 o'clock.
Eh... this...
It could be that the camera on your cell phone...
has made a, uh, photographic one.
He-he... Oi, Eisuke?
Oh!
That's it!
Yes, it is!
I don't remember taking this picture...
Eh... Of it...
It must have been taken by chance
when I pressed a key on the phone by mistake.
Well, here is the success of a failure.
Thanks to this photograph,
we can rule out the man on the left
with the tattoo on his left arm
and focus our suspicions on the other two,
the man on the right and the man in the center!
The killer was in a car, right?
In this case, the man leaving with his car is the suspect!
Zote!
It is possible that the man on the right was also in a car!
But, listen,
he had said that he had been driving the same foreign car for 10 years!
But this happens because the man in the middle is a car lover
and he likes to drive a foreign brand car!
Eh?
Foreign?
They have the steering wheel on the left....
If I looked at it from the opposite lane,
the driver's seat would be on the far side.
and inside the vehicle would be dark,
and I wouldn't be able to see it from this side...
Ran, give me a moment.
Let me see.
-But I could have rented a different car just for that day.
No.
Even if that man had gone to ask for a rental car,
it would be a foreign brand vehicle.
Because if he caused any accidents
because he was not used to driving right-hand-drive vehicles,
he would have already lost.
So, the killer is... Yes, the one on the right.
The man with the cap.
I could swear his name is Kiritani.
Then we should call the police to arrest him!
No, it's not possible to arrest him yet.

Everything we have found out would be circumstantial evidence.
None of it would be useful as evidence for a murder charge.
But, come on, with everything we have, we can do...
the police can ask him to come down to the station
to testify voluntarily.
As long as they count on Takumi's testimony.
But... they'll try not to say anything about the glowing hammer.
Yes, you understand.
But I... I speak the truth.
I really saw it!
Takumi...
Listen!
Don't you mean that building over there?
Fixeu's in it!
Both sides where the elevators are lit up!
They're connected as if they were the handle of a hammer!
But if it is not the head of the hammer,
that doesn't look at all like a hammer's head.
And what shape is it, the head of a hammer?
They come in all shapes.
There are cylindrical ones,
there are those with a specific shape for extracting keys
reminiscent of an upside-down boat...
And, speaking of upside down things,
there are those that have a structure with a wider center,
that have the appearance of an upside-down coffee pot.
Oh!
A coffee pot! A coffee pot!
Now that I think about it...
I thought so!
Look at it!
There are all these lights surrounding the silhouette of the coffee pot!
That hammer was upside down, right?
Yes!
What Takumi saw
was the vehicle that advertises the coffee maker
with its illuminated silhouette
superimposed on the lights of the elevators!
So, it was no dream.
Forgive me, Takumi.
Okay.
I should have said before that he was upside down!
But if the side where the fireworks were taking off from
was this one here...
and the suspect was on the opposite side from the fireworks,
I don't think Takumi could see this building.
-Actually, we don't think it's possible that he could see it from this bridge,
but it would appear to us from the central bridge of Haido,
which is almost in the middle of the building.
So, the murderer threw the bag with the body?
from the Haido central bridge!
Yes, that's likely.
And the evidence must also be underwater at that location.
Is that so?
Where?
The column where the elevators are in that building is round...
and it protrudes in such a way that in order to get the light from the elevators
and see 2 beams of light,
you have to enter the bridge and move forward a little bit.
But, if you go too far forward,
the coffee pot would get too close to the back of the coffee pot and you wouldn't be able to see the sea.
and the hammer would no longer be visible.
That is, the position from which the hammer could be seen?
would be quite restricted.
If we put everything we have together, we will be able to determine with some precision...
the place from where the killer threw the body bag.
But what evidence could we get there?
Surely, as the killer threw the lighter,
we can expect the killer's fingerprints to be left behind.
When he threw the bag, he was probably wearing gloves,
but if he got into the car immediately
after he threw the lighter, maybe he wasn't wearing...
Because with the tattoo on his wrist, if he had been wearing gloves,
Takumi would not have seen the nail tattoo.
Couldn't that man also have gone to
the Rock memorial concert?
It is very possible, but we should find the proof before anything else.
Mr. Kogoro, I have come up with an interesting way...
to get the murderer to confess right away.
"And today's last song... will be the song that Rock,
"My best friend, he liked best..."
Quiet!
What are you doing?
We're in a parking lot now!
If you set fire to a car we'd be in trouble!
(thinks) "Ah, he was a brat?"
Excuse me, policeman.
I'm sorry to cause you so much trouble,
but can you come and testify voluntarily?
Eh?
Why is that?
There's someone who saw a person who looks very much like you
throwing a body in a bag from the Haido Central Bridge.
He just recognized you from that car over there
and there seems to be no doubt.
That he saw my face?
No.
What he saw was not your face.
He saw the tattoo you're wearing.
What's that?
Oh, and another thing, he says he also heard your voice.
Oh, that's a story the guy must have made up!
This is a story the guy must have made up!
There's no way he could have heard my voice,
because at that moment, the fireworks.
Yes? Ah!

That with the fireworks it was impossible to feel his voice?
Takagi, did you feel what he just said? Yes, I felt it clearly!
The fact that fireworks were being set off at that time,
only the murderer and the witness can know.
Will you accompany us to the police station to explain...
why this comment came out of your mouth?
It can't be!
Those fireworks earlier were also your doing?
(Kogoro) Yes, that's right.
We recreated circumstances similar to those of that day
and made it look like we were showing him the suspicious witness.
But, in reality, we set a trap for him.
We provoked him to remember that moment instantly
so that he would explain the detail of the fireworks himself.
But, well, I suppose that to bring up such nonsense...
could only come from a child.
"After that, the police took Mr. Kiritani away,
"And he confessed to his crime immediately."
"The motive for the crime was the resentment
"that he held against Mr. Rock Itagaki
"because he betrayed his group to debut with a major label."
"The truth is that he had set out
"To bury the body in some distant mountains,
"But he realized that the police had set up
"a breathalyzer checkpoint in front of Haido's central bridge.
"and suddenly threw the body from the top of the bridge."
"By the way, the lighter he threw from the top of the bridge....
"It was, indeed, the lighter at Rock."
"In order to hide the blood
"With which he splashed himself when he beat en Rock to death,
"he put on en Rock's jacket that he found in the room."
"And when he disposed of the body, he used en Rock's lighter."
"That lighter was also found in the Teima River,
"In addition there was Takumi's testimony
"And Mr. Kiritani will be arrested for murder."
"As I was thinking about it all,
"We finished taking the statements
"And we went home."
I had a very exciting day today!
I was able to be at the place where the murder case was solved.
of a person who was the center of everyone's attention.
-It's no big deal... Do you have many cases like this?
Of celebrities who have starred in murders
or that they were considered suspects of something?
Of course I do!
Yoko Okino has requested my services several times!
Eh?
That super idol from the song?
She's a famous detective!
You see...
So, she's also had...
cases of celebrities that have not been publicly known!
Yes, for example, that a famous person asked for his services in secret,
and he has solved the case before it reached the news,
or unimportant cases...
I don't know, if I've had any of these...
Au, don't make yourself pray!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Please, detective Mouri, don't be shy and explain to me!
(Kogoro: continues laughing)
If you like, we could go to dinner now and explain it to me, in the meantime.
Aaaaah... What are you taking me for?
Forgive us, but can we leave it for another time?
It seems that Conan is a little tired.
Yes, you're right.
"No doubt about it!"
"And, lately, that person is also suspicious."
"You know, the one who was on TV every now and then," he said,
"But who stopped going out all of a sudden to take a break."
"This guy, what he wanted...
"was to get information from Queen Mizunashi."
"And, for my part,
"I'm not willing to show him the cards just like that."
"No, not as long as he still has them covered up."
What?
A case, you say?
"In the town of Toriyacho?"
"It was the boy from that day!"
"Ah! No doubt about it! This means..."
"Don't tell me he knew about it and has expressly led us here?"
And the next Conan:
"The Shadow of the Men in Black Organization. The Mysterious Bounty."
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

