Blink!
I will always be your partner!
Finally, I find signs of the men in black!
Play the ace you have
and win the case and the Organization with a bang!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"The testimony given to us by a father and son,
"who appeared in the office of Mr. Kogoro Mouri,
"led us to the resolution of a murder case."
"But on that occasion, the Eisuke Hondo, who went with us,
"He employed a method to detect whether a person was telling falsehoods or not."
"And he did it by using exactly the same procedure as she did....,
"Queen Mizunashi."
"No doubt about it!"
"This boy, what he wanted was to get information....
"From Queen Mizunashi."
THE SHADOW OF THE MEN IN BLACK'S ORGANIZATION
THE MYSTERIOUS REWARD
(Vital signs apparatus: regular pip)
(Regular pip)
(Beep)
(Beep)
(Chianti) The Kir.
Our organization is doing everything possible to find her
and there is no way.
I recognize that the FBI knows what it's doing...
La Kir... is dead.
There is no doubt about it.
If she were, we'd still be in luck.
But if these people have brainwashed her...
and she's gone over to the enemy...
(Radio: Gin) "This is impossible..."
That clown can now be shot or injected with the truth drug
or give her a beating until her ribs are broken,
she won't confess anything at all.
Chianti, you don't need to worry about that.
Don't you mean that incident
with which Kir won the recognition of whom we already know?
(Chianti) "I have already heard about that case."
The Kir realized that there was a "rat" infiltrated in the organization
and he went after him until he cornered him;
but the thing turned around and he captured her.
He tortured her and when you showed up there, she was almost dead.
There's something that doesn't quite add up for me....
Why did she gain recognition from him
and ended up working on the same team as us?
- "For the teeth." - The teeth?
(Gin) "That was the only weapon he had left,
"and, with it, the Kir bit so hard on the 'rat's wrist,
"that it left the bone in sight."
"Moreover, he took the pistol from that 'rat',
"who had lost his chance to fight,
"And blew his head off."
"(Shot)"
This ability only wild beasts have.
"But at that time, that 'rat' did kill it, didn't it?"
"How could one tell if the Kir had confessed or not?"
That "rat" had an MD hidden in his chest....
in which he was recording the Kir's voice
while he subjected her to the interrogation.
An MD?
Of course it was!
"And on that MD, not once did you hear the Kir's voice..."
(Vodka) None...
(Vodka) You still don't know who that "rat" was or where he came from, do you?
(Gin) No.
Because he had many driver's licenses and passports
in which he appeared disguised and always with a changed name.
I don't think he was just any "rat".
We only found out his real first name.
Come to think of it, after you and I showed up there,
"That 'rat's' partner didn't listen to reason
"And whispered his name."
(Gin) "Yes, he was repeating, in the ear of the corpse of the 'rat'....
"That it could no longer answer him,
"The name that didn't appear on any driver's license or passport,
"as if it were a broken record, over and over again."
(Vodka) But, in the end, that man committed suicide...
when he noticed that we were there.

What was the name he was saying?
I was too far away from there to hear it....
What do you want me to tell you.
I am unable to remember
neither the name nor the face of the men who are already doing the same thing.
- (wheels: squeak) - Ah!
Well, I more or less smell that they were those "rats".
But we'll tell Kir when she comes back.
It is possible that she did know about that name.
Hopefully we can find her soon.
We will find her.
(Gin) We've already settled on a place where we can start looking around.
Coi, what must she have, in her head?"
One wishes Sunday would come
to forget about the depressing things,
to have a hot coffee at the Poirot
and to enjoy a quiet time and look...
Eisuke Hondo, why the hell are you here now?
Father, what's wrong with it?
You don't need to reproach him like this either.
Wasn't it you who told him he could come whenever he wanted?
Yeah, but... it's still 7 o'clock in the morning!
That's going too far.
Ah, today I bring you the story of a case that seems quite interesting.
What?
A case, you say?!
That they pay a lot?
The clients are rich people?
No, uh...
I've only found something that looks like a case
to a personal web page, but there is no client behind it...
(Door bell: chimes)
- (knock) - (Eisuke) Ah!
Oh, what a pain... Father, what are you doing?
Are you stupid?
That I don't work for charity or for the love of art!
But, at least, you could listen to what he wants to tell you!
After all, he has come all the way here.
I repeat!
I don't have...... time for that!
Because today is the day
that he puts in order the videos he has been recording of Yoko Okino!
Isn't it? Yes, it's true!
Eh?
Conan, what a strange thing.
You always take an interest in every case.
(thinks) "Yes, I would have."
"If it wasn't a case that this guy brought us."
Eisuke, I'm sorry... Don't worry, it's okay.
It's interesting, but it's not what we'd call a "major case" either.
I thought maybe someone had read
that novel "The League of Redheads"
and had picked up the idea, but maybe I got myself mixed up.
" 'The league of redheads'?"
Ah, I know this story!
It's a very famous case that comes up in the Sherlock Holmes novels, isn't it?
I seem to remember
that a red-haired person was paid a very high salary
"In exchange for working locked in a room copying an encyclopedia."
"But, in reality, what was happening...
"was that under that man's store an underground tunnel was being dug...
"a subway tunnel leading to a bank."
Well...
What kind of case is this that you have found?
Try to explain it, we'll listen to you.
But, I'm telling you.
It's an unimportant case.
(Knock)
Tell him! Father, please!
(Eisuke) "The thing is, I found it last night."
"It was the diary of a personal page on the Internet."
(Kogoro) A diary?
Don't tell me you spy on other people's intimate diaries!
No, sir...
The owner of the website publishes it
for everyone to read.
But what... strange hobbies.
And the person who makes this page is a redhead?
No, what's similar to "The league of redheads" was...
there was a very high reward.
On the journal page...
In the newspaper it was expressed in these terms:
"A job with an astronomical salary! Long live ecology!"
"This year I am incredibly lucky!"
The people offering this job are an organization
that is researching how to avoid the emission of toxic gases from waste
and they want to gather a few to study various things.
"The job is as follows:
"On the day of the collection of combustible waste,
"You have to go and take the bags to the points
"Where the dumpster vehicles collect them,
"before they show up,
"And, on the next collection day,
"You return the bags and take new ones."
"The car where you leave the waste you collect,
"is parked in a parking lot near the waste collection point.
"And, once loaded, you return it to that same parking space."

The afternoon of the day after collection,
50,000 yen is credited to your account!
50,000 yen ?!
For one time only?
The collection of combustible waste
is done 2 days a week, therefore...
400.000 yen per month.400.000....
400.000 ?!
Come on father!
First of all, this is supposed to be a crime, isn't it?
But, really, that they pay such a high reward...
for such a stupid job, it's reminiscent of "Redheaded League."
Doesn't it?
"The person in the diary found work in an Internet ad,
"He contacted the client via e-mail.
"And within 3 days they sent him the car key.
"And started working for him 2 weeks ago.
"On the condition that he would continue to pick them up
"until the client told him to stop."
Mm... I got it.
It's likely that some celebrity lives in the area
and some money-grubbing stalker is having a grand old time
gossiping about his junk!
Yeah, I thought so too and have been checking it out,
but there's nothing in the paper
about there being a celebrity living there.
Ah, wow...
But the strange thing is that the person on the page was saying
That it didn't look like the client had examined the debris.
"It seems so strange to him,
"that even this person was starting to worry
"And he took a photograph
"Of the car load with the bags in it."
"And when the next collection day came
"And he made the comparison,
"It looked like the waste disposal hadn't changed at all."
So why had he been doing all this?
I don't know.
-Here, like the novel,
the client must be committing some irregularity
near this person's house as he goes to pick up the waste.
That's the only thing I can think of.
You know what... what is this person's address?
No, the website does not give this information,
but they do give the location of the waste collection point.
I could have sworn it was the third district of Toriyacho City,
next to the park.
Eh? Toriyacho?
Father, what's wrong?
Do you have any clues, perhaps?
Ran, actually...
The truth is that right over there...
they've opened a new pachinko parlor!
That really interests me, I've been dying to go!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
And what do you think if we go there right now?
Although it's two quarters of 8 and it's possible that person will come!
Yes!
Shall we go?
"In the city of Toriyacho?"
(Kogoro) What does this mean?
Look carefully!
Today is February 5th, Sunday,
and, in this area,
the collection day for combustible waste is the day after tomorrow,
Tuesday, and Friday, a few days later!
-That looks like it. -Huh?
What does it look like?
The mother who...!
But waste is not collected on Sunday.
Now that you mention it, in that person's diary it was called...
that the client warned him to pick up the garbage
in the morning to avoid problems,
because the analysis had not yet been authorized.
What a donkey!
Well, you should have said so before!
Stop it, man!
That's it!
I'm going to stay wandering around this area
until they open the pachinko room!
So I'm going to fart back home by train!
-Coi... -Excuse me a second...
Last night, nearby,
did you see a rather tall suspicious person between 9 and 10 p.m.?
-Inspector Takagi? -Huh?
Mr. Mouri!
But what... what are you doing here?
Mr. Mouri, the same goes for you!
Madonna!
Mouri, you again?
Mr. inspector!
I hope you're not involved in all this mess we're having.
Mess? A murder.
Haven't you seen the news today?
A murder case?
It's this house. India!
What a piece of house!
It's a family that has a considerable fortune.
Let's see... The father of the family is Mr. Tatsuhito Funemoto.
The victim is his wife, Mrs. Kaneyo, 39 years old.
Yesterday morning, when the housekeeper went...
in the lady's room to tell her to come downstairs,
as she had not just got up,
she found her dead, leaning against the balcony wall of her room.
with a shot in the back of her head.
Mmmm...
If we analyze the angle of entry of the bullet,

it seems that the person who fired the shot was more than 80 meters tall.
and if we take as a reference the approximate time of death,
the shots were fired at night, between 9 and 10 o'clock.
It seems that it happened immediately after
the lady came back from a friend's party.
I get it, a party...
The bullet penetrated her head completely
and we have asked the surrounding families
to collaborate with us to carry out the investigation,
but we still haven't found a way...
And what... was the motive of the crime? Probably robbery.
When the victim was returning home,
she was wearing a necklace and a pearl bracelet.
Both are missing.
Mmm... So?
Are there any witnesses?
As a matter of fact, as of today,
we still don't have a single person who can give us a testimony.
and we still haven't got a single piece of information.
Mmmm... I can see that...
That killer knows exactly what is being done.
In this case, it could be a professional.
Yes, I thought so too.
Inspector, what's wrong? Shrike!
Why the hell do we have to report all the details of the case
to a man who has nothing to do with it?!
-Daixò... -(laugh)
Mr. Inspector, don't be alarmed.
(Takagi: half-laughing) It's the custom... Excuse me.
"Toriyacho. A murder case."
"It can't be. Or maybe it is."
"If this guy wasn't involved,
"We'd close the case by saying it's just a fluke, but..."
Conan, what's going on?
Ah... You're doing the same old thing again...
Well...
No!
No way!
You are not involved and he will come back home!
The case will be solved by us, the police!
Although we don't count on Mouri's help.
(Kogoro) What?!
It's already so late?
M-Mr. Mouri...
Well, Mr. Inspector, I wish you success!
I'm flying away! Go, you're going home?
Wait, father!
What's wrong?
Mr. Mouri was very nervous.
Well..., he wants to examine... the "pachinko".
Examine the "pachinko"?
- (woman) Mr. Mouri... - Yes?
You are... the famous detective Kogoro... Kogoro Mouri, right?
Yes, I am Kogoro Mouri.
I beg you to catch soon
the murderer who took my mistress's life!
Eh?
But, madam...
Let the police do it.
Trust them.
Ahem...
(Woman) We can't trust them, those people.
Mr. Mouri, I beg you, please!
But, listen...
I understand wholeheartedly how you feel and I'm sorry,
but now I have something very important to do...
-I will thank you! -Eh?
Thank you?
Father!
Ok, ok, ok!
Leave it to me!
I, at Kogoro Mouri,
will prove to you that I am quite capable
to avenge the death of your late mistress.
Thank you very much!
-What's going on here?
Stop shouting!
Tonight is the Kaneyo's candle.
Oh... Sir, I beg your pardon.
This is the famous detective Mouri.
Mouri?
Oh, you're that famous detective?
Yes!
I am Kogoro Mouri, the famous detective!
But how come you're here?
Ah!
We can say it's a coincidence.
Or... that something has led one to the other...
Ep, Mouri!
But, sir, now that I've come, you can rest assured!
I'll prove to you that I can catch the murderer no matter what!
Sir, Mr. Mouri has been kind enough to accept this case.
We'll talk later about how you'll thank me.
Mouri... Inspector, it doesn't matter now, that.
If we have Mr. Mouri with us,
to make sure we can solve the case.
Takagi!
Father, how are you...
Wow.
We ended up in the middle...
Eisuke, I'm sorry.
Please don't think.
After all, I had the time off.
"I guess I'm overthinking things."
"I find it very hard to believe
"That it has anything to do with those people."
Mr. Famous detective!
I know who the murderer is!
-Hey, Toji!
-Who's that kid? - (man) It's my son Toji.
Is that so?
(laughs) I thought he looked like a smart boy!
The person who killed the mother
was a foreign woman who was all in black!
(Man) Toji, quite this color!
Dad, why?
Why don't you want to believe what I say?
Au, mister, anem's-elsewhere!

-No!
Let go of me!
"A foreign woman who was all in black?"
"Besides, this child..."
Master!
-Toji! -Cregui'm!
Please, sir, you must believe what I tell you!
It was that suspicious foreign woman!
Surely that woman was the one who murdered the mother!
"This child, I've seen him."
Sir, I swear it's true!
You must believe me!
Tell me, boy.
Why do you think that foreign woman was suspicious?
Because she asked me all sorts of strange things.
-Strange things? -Things about the accident.
If it was true that she had seen the accident,
if she had seen the face of the person who had the accident, and so on.
Or if I had explained anything to the dad and mom!
"An accident?"
"No way!"
Wait a minute, and what did you answer?
When I said that I had explained something to the mother,
"That woman made an evil smile."
That's why, I'm sure!
That woman murdered mom!
"I got it!"
"(Wheels: squeak)"
"It was that child! The one from that day!"
"That accident was the one of that companion of the men in black.
"That of Queen Mizunashi, known as Kir."
"The accident from which she was knocked unconscious
"And she was taken to the hospital."
"It was the boy who was there where the accident occurred!"
"No doubt about it! This means..."
"Don't tell me he knew about it
"And he expressly led us here?"
"What a one in ten head carry?"
"Did he know this child existed?"
"No. Did he know from the beginning that that accident happened?"
"The accident the FBI is trying to keep secret."
"It seems that running away is not a viable option..."
"That accident, and then Queen Mizunashi."
"It is likely that the men in black are desperately searching for
"The Mizunashi Queen that the FBI has under its protection."
"Rather..., the Kir."
"This has started to get interesting!"
"I have no idea what will come out of here, but whatever."
"I'll take anything!"
"This case... I'm going to follow it all the way to the end!"
Is it the last time?
(Eisuke) Couldn't it be the waste thing?
(Eisuke) -What? -The-trash?
"There's a thing stuck."
"Oh! Onion?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Hey, don't tell me!
It's a shooting star!
And the next Conan:
"The Shadow of the Men in Black Organization."
"The shooting star of pearls."
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

