Throwing beans!
I will always be your partner!
The Organization of the men in black and a child!
A reunion that seems to be a coincidence
intersects with a chaotic incident.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"Eisuke Hondo told Mr. Kogoro about a mysterious story.
"About a job."
"It consisted of taking the waste
"The collection point of the third district of Toriyacho City
"And exchange them for others on the next collection day."
"We went to the place that was the object of our interest,
"But a murder case had occurred there."
"We found the child
"Who witnessed Queen Mizunashi's accident."
"There was no doubt! This meant..."
"Don't tell me he knew about it
"And he had expressly led us here?"
"This had started to get interesting!"
THE SHADOW OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE MEN IN BLACK
THE SHOOTING STAR OF PEARLS
Well?
What kind of accident was it?
Well... well...
"A person riding a motorcycle suddenly came down from the sky."
"The helmet he was wearing fell off..."
And when I saw his face...
Ah!
This came out to "Yaiba the Masked" from the other day!
Yaiba the Masked?
Hm.
This scene came out to "Yaiba the Masked"!
"In Joker blows up Yaiba the Masked's motorcycle,
"The helmet comes off
"And they are about to discover the true identity of en Yaiba."
It's not true!
I... really...?
Eh?
You and I have met before?
Have we?
No!
I don't think we have...
So, what this child says...
Yes, it's likely that with the shock caused by the loss of the mother,
his memories have been mixed up
with scenes he saw in movies and TV series.
If the crime was to silence him,
they would have murdered this child as well.
It seems that the lady who died went jogging in the early hours of the morning
4 times a week,
coinciding with the days she was going to throw waste.
"If someone was aiming for murder with a gun,
"It was time..."
He wouldn't go to the trouble of putting himself in harm's way
"By sneaking into the lady's room on the second floor
"and waiting there to execute his plan."
Indeed.
And why don't you go see the room?
Mr. Kogoro, I'm sure you'll be able to find out something.
(Man) Inspector...
Mm?
Tell me, what do you want?
Do you mind if I stay down here, waiting?
Yes, I don't mind.
Listen, has your owner been in a wheelchair for a long time?
No, he's only been in a wheelchair for a month.
He went fishing with some coworkers from his company
and broke his leg when he slipped on a rocky area.
The doctor told him
that in half a month he could have the cast removed.
So, the gentleman's room is on the second floor?
No, it is on the second floor, next to the lady's room.
When he goes up to the second floor, he goes up the stairs,
he helps himself by holding on to my shoulder
and then I bring the wheelchair to him.
This is the lady's room.
It was on this balcony, wasn't it?
Where the lady was shot in the head with a pistol
and fell over the balcony wall.
But how did the killer manage to get into this room?
Well, it's the railing...
It's the railing...
He put a hook with a rope tied to it and climbed up,
broke the glass in the balcony window,
lifted the latch and snuck in.
This balcony faces this side of the river,
so it was probably very difficult for anyone to see him.

But doesn't it seem strange to you?
Although this window has the bottom glass broken,
where the latch is,
the top one, where the other latch is, is not broken.
If you just took out the bottom latch, you wouldn't be able to open the door, would you?
I'm puzzled about it too.
Stop it, Conan, you don't have to meddle.
Surely, like the lady liked the stars,
"When the night came,
"She often went out on the balcony to look at them."
And it could be that she forgot to close the windows properly.
The lady was shot last night, between 9 and 10 o'clock.
It was when she came back from the party she was having with some friends, wasn't it?
Yes, she just came in and told me she was going to bed,
and he went into this room.
I mean, the killer had come in before any of that happened,
and hid somewhere in this room.
"The lady was to enter the room.
"And, then, when he came out onto the terrace as was his custom,
"He attacked her from behind."
And then the murderer fled
taking the lady's necklace and pearl bracelets with him.
The murderer... is a professional!
-But, sir, it seems to me that the killer must have been in a hurry.
He left the hook hanging on the balcony railing.
he dropped the pistol with silencer
on the lawn below the balcony and fled...
Sure, even professionals can get nervous!
But that's being too lazy!
You see?
On top of this table is an earring.
And all the other gemstones around it look very expensive.
What's strange, why shouldn't he take it?
Piece of stock!
If it's made of pearls, the lady should have worn this earring at the party,
she went into the room and took it off right away,
that's why the murderer was not supposed to see it because it was hidden!
Ah..., that day, the lady was wearing this earring.
But don't you think it's strange that there is only one?
The other earring was worn by the victim, wasn't it?
She was wearing it in her right ear.
I thought that the thief didn't take it
because it was hidden right where
where the lady was leaning against the balcony wall.
In this case, the lady must have been a nervous wreck.
What?
Because taking off a single earring and stepping out onto the balcony
is not something you normally do.
But if someone called out to her while she was taking them off and going out on the balcony?
Maybe she had... no choice, right?
Excuse me... where were you last night between 9 and 10 o'clock?
Let's see, I...?
In the living room with two friends.
And these friends saw the lady of the house?
Yes, because after coming home,
"She went into the living room before going to bed."
What was the child doing at that hour?
I think he was already asleep in his room.
"Since he spent the afternoon playing sliders around the house,"
he was completely exhausted.
I finished tidying up the little gentleman's mess
and went to bed at 12 o'clock.
And what did the master do from 9 to 10?
Just like the master,
the master finished dinner before the mistress came home
and rested in his room.
The master's room is next to his wife's, isn't it?
Yes.
She had been playing with the master all night long
and he told me he couldn't handle his soul anymore.
Mr. Inspector.
Mm?
The crime we have here could be the work of the master of the house.
Ah... Impossible.
Eh?
You've been told that before, remember?
"As deduced by the angle of entry of the bullet...
"that it penetrated from the back of the woman's neck,
"The killer was a person over six feet tall."
"The gentleman's height is 5'6".
"And, to begin with,
"A person sitting in a wheelchair couldn't do it."
But what if he actually already had a healed leg,
used the wheelchair as a pedestal... and shot him?
I thought so too and asked the doctor.
But the day before the crime he had an x-ray done
and his bones were still not well welded.
He said it would be impossible for him to stand up without help.
Maybe he shot the victim from above

as he made her kneel down to pick something up.
Impossible!
If it were, we would have found...
a bullet hole somewhere in this room.
But we haven't found any evidence of it in this room by any stretch of the imagination.
Ah, I get it.
Besides, we also looked for the necklace and the pearl bracelets.
And we couldn't find them anywhere.
(Eisuke) And couldn't it be the debris?
The debris? (Eisuke) That's right!
Maybe it has something to do with the case you found.
A... a case? What are you talking about?
There's a person who does a part-time job around the neighborhood...
which consists of collecting waste from this area
for an organization that's doing a study
on the toxic gases that the waste is emitting.
He started doing this work 2 weeks ago,
but there is no evidence
that the organization has examined the waste it has collected.
In other words, what you are trying to tell us...
is that the man may have murdered his wife,
"Thrown away the necklace and the bracelets, as if they were debris,
"To make it look like the crime was motivated by robbery..."
and had someone pick them up, am I wrong?
No way! Unfortunately, that's not it either.
Starting with the garbage cans,
we've also examined the contents of the garbage bags,
but we haven't found them.
Really?
What was the value of the necklace and those bracelets?
I understand it was worth a million yen all together.
The gentleman gave it to the owner
on her birthday,
and her name was engraved on that brooch.
(Funemoto) Mrs. Takami, please!
Can you turn up the temperature of the air conditioner?
Uh... Yes!
Don't you have a remote control?
It's just that the owner doesn't have a good relationship with the machines.
(Funemoto) Excuse me.
-It's all right. (door, open)
Ah... (door, open) Gentlemen inspectors, even though you were here?
Do you already have an idea who the murderer is?
Well, no, not yet.
Papa.
Now I'm very hungry.
Gee, is it getting so late already?
Shall we order dinner again?
-Hey, it's about time you made us one of your home-cooked meals. -Hey, it's about time you made us one of your home-cooked meals.
Okay, I'll get dinner ready right away.
"What's this?"
"There's something stuck to it. Oh! Onion?"
Let's see..., what can I prepare with these ingredients...?
If you want, I can give you a hand.
Since you have so many things to wash...
Ever since that happened to the lady,
I find myself unable to do anything good.
I don't know if I can ask you for it... And so much.
The expiration date of the eggs was February 4th?
That was yesterday, so I might as well not use them.
"Wait a second..."
"If yesterday was February 4, that means the day before yesterday was 3!"
Wait a minute, Ran!
What did you prepare for dinner the day before yesterday?
What?
The day before yesterday?
Let's see... I think it was teriyaki grilled Seriola Dumerili..,
vegetable escudella, miso soup with tofu...
Oysters..., it looks delicious...
Mrs. Takami, what about dinner?
Well, it's just that... We're going shopping right now.
Then, hurry up, I'm so hungry that I'm going to lose my appetite.
Yes, sir.
We'll retire too and come back some other time.
Yes!
So, I....
So..., you mean you don't need me anymore?
Wait a minute.
You don't think that part-time job
has something to do with this case?
What did we say?
B-but... but... if you did a little more digging,
I'm sure you'd find some connection to all this!
Hey, handsome...
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaaah...
Ooh! Ooh!
What... what happened to you?
(Kogoro voice) I just realized just now:
the murderer used a set-up
to make the lady of the house's accessories disappear.
With a blind spot that he had inadvertently overlooked.
He made them disappear?
You don't mean he flushed them down the toilet?
We've examined the water pipes, but we haven't found anything.
Well, I'll tell you all about it after dinner.
If possible, some of Mrs. Takami's homemade dishes.
Then, I'll go right away.
No, the one who will go shopping will be... Ran...
Eh? The Eisuke...
Along with Toji, Mr. Funemoto's son.
Is that okay with you, Mr. Funemoto? Yes, I have no objection.
Hey, Mouri, what's the idea?

I don't understand a thing you're saying, you know?
(thinks) "Well, for him it's his bread and butter,
"to change his point of view all of a sudden."
I've done it because he was too little to learn the truth.
That, surprisingly,
the person who murdered his mother was his real father,
Mr. Tatsuhito Funemoto.
I thought that, for the time being,
it was better for his son not to feel any of this.
Indeed, at the approximate time of death,
he was standing next to his wife's room,
but he was only 5'6" and in a wheelchair...
He could not go anywhere to hide the jewelry.
As you may recall, the victim had only taken off one earring....
and left it on the table, right?
Yes.
Conan said something.
He said exactly that maybe someone called out to her
while she was taking them off to go out on the balcony.
Inspector, hasn't the fly up your nose,
to know what they might have called her?
What words would have upset you
to the point of forgetting to take off...
...the other earring?
Eh?
What words?
Surely, Mr. Funemoto said something like this to him:
"It's a shooting star! Do you see it? It's up there!"
A shooting star?
Up there?
Of course it's up there!
Shooting stars disappear immediately!
So I had to go out on the balcony!
And if the lady liked them, all the more reason!
And what about up there?
The lady should have her head upwards
and, then, if I shot her from below, from her position,
sitting in the wheelchair,
the bullet would enter through the top of the back of her head...
and would come out the front,
and it would look like a tall person had shot him!
In this way, the gun would be pointed upwards....
and the bullet wouldn't end up going inside the room..,
because it would end up on the river bank.
And what about the broken glass?
Since it's in a wheelchair,
he couldn't reach the latch of the balcony window
and could not break.
And what about the pearls?
Let's say he could murder his wife in the room on the second floor,
it would be impossible for him to go outside to throw them away.
Mr. Funemoto has a broken leg.
Have you really examined everything in this house?
Yes... All the places where they could be hidden.
And inside the vacuum cleaner, too?
In the vacuum cleaner? Oh, not there yet.
But as Mr. Funemoto is "fighting" with the machines...
If he had used it, it would have made a lot of noise.
Besides, someone in a wheelchair wouldn't be able to sneak a vacuum cleaner...
on the sly without others noticing.
If Mr. Funemoto had used the vacuum cleaner,
everyone would have noticed.
On the other hand, if Mrs. Shigeno had used it,
it would have made a big difference.
Please remember.
Remember what the three of you were doing on the day of the crime.
Toji was on the second floor playing non-stop since the afternoon.
And then Mrs. Shigeno was tidying up the mess
the boy had left behind.
And what do you mean by that?
For a child to play running around and making a mess of everything is not strange.
But... what if that day happened to be February 3rd?
Mmmm?
February 3......?
February 3rd?
No, it can't be!
Yes, sir.
On that day a tradition is carried out that has been kept.
(Conan's voice) Spring Eve! What do you say, Conan?
The eve?
I'm sure Toji put his father in an ogre's mask
and was throwing the beans at him shouting "Get the hell out!",
"May luck stay at home!"
(Kogoro voice) And, then, Mrs. Shigeno?
she let go of everything after that.
Wait, don't tell me!
Is she going to scatter the pearls in the middle of the beans
and sucked them up with the vacuum cleaner?
The size and the size are, more or less, the same.
And there were many of one and many of the other.
If he started cleaning after 11 o'clock at night,
"I wanted to finish everything in a hurry,
"And without even realizing
"That the pearls were mixed with the legumes, he sucked it all up."
That is to say that the murder would follow this procedure:

Mr. Funemoto has been playing legume throwing with Toji
since the afternoon,
"And when his wife returned, he went to her room...
"With the excuse that he had to talk about something...
"And murdered the lady using the aforementioned method."
"He hung a hook with a rope from the balcony railing,
"broke the glass in the window,
"and pretended that the murderer had entered from outside."
"He then took the necklace and bracelets the lady was wearing,
"undid them and scattered the pearls all over the place."
In this way, Mrs. Shigeno would suck them up with the vacuum cleaner.
Examine the vacuum cleaner! Yes!
If Mr. Funemoto classified the contents of the vacuum cleaner's bag as combustible waste
the contents of the vacuum cleaner bag as combustible waste,
he no longer had to set foot outside the house to get rid of it all.
And after having the part-time worker pick up the bag,
he could tell the worker that his job was done.
When his leg healed,
"He would retrieve the pearls from the garbage bag
"And I'd put everything back the way it was."
"And hire another person
"To take it to a buying and selling house."
And as the lady's name is the clasp of the chain,
it would seem that a thief... would have stolen it to sell it.
But what about the evidence?
The fingerprints!
To the pearls, there are the fingerprints of Mr. Funemoto?
She was his wife, it can be understood that...
No!
I'm not talking about the pearls!
Mr. Funemoto used a certain object
to prevent the body or the clothes from reacting
with the gunpowder detection test.
He pulled the trigger through some curtains.
I came up with this if I've already seen the piece of onion
attached to the wheelchair.
Onion?
For the onion to be stuck there,
it means that I had it in my hand before.
Mr. Funemoto had not been given.
"He had put on his hand something that had a piece of onion on it."
"A rubber glove from the kitchen!"
"Mr. Funemoto stole the rubber gloves...
"and murdered his wife."
"The next day, he sneaked them back after breakfast..."
taking advantage of the moment when Mrs. Shigeno...
was going to see what happened to his wife.
Inspector!
I found it inside the vacuum cleaner!
Call the scientist!
It's the oven gloves!
Yes!
Mr. Funemoto had not foreseen in his calculations
that, after the crime,
Mrs. Shigeno would never touch the stove again.
That's why he said he wanted some home cooking, right?
I wanted to make...
Mrs. Shigeno wash the dishes with the rubber gloves on.
That way, her fingerprints would blend in with the others.
"And I also wanted it because it would wipe off the gunpowder residue...
"that would be left on the surface of the gloves.
"And it would nullify the reaction to the gunpowder test."
Mr. Funemoto, if I'm wrong about anything, tell me what.
But, sir!
Say it... Say it's a lie, please!
Does the expression "party junkie" ring a bell?
I didn't realize it until the last 6 months..,
when I took a bad leg
and had to take sick leave from work.
My wife was having a party every week
and accumulated expenses
to the point that she had gotten into debt with exorbitant loans.
Money!
Money!
There is no money!
Of course, if I put up this house as collateral...
Kaneyo!
That's okay, too.
If you want, we can divorce.
After all, it seems you no longer have the power...
that will allow me to continue to shine.
I have a handful of aspiring new sponsors.
Wait...
And I'm not here to take care of Toji either!
I've had enough of raising a child...
A failed marriage with a son doesn't do anything for a star like me,
don't you think?
"I couldn't forgive her for words like these.
"Neither as a wife nor as a mother..."
(Toji) Dad!
I'm home!
What's wrong with you?
Are you crying?
If you want, we'll play bean-throwing again and you'll be happy.
Then Mom will be happy from heaven, too.
Toji, maybe you're right.
Father will have to go away for a while,
because I'm an ogre
I've sent away a person who was very important to you.
Eh?

Has he returned home?
The Eisuke, after having fried poor Toji with questions,
said he had forgotten to do something important and left.
Fry him with questions?
Yes, about the accident he had seen,
about the foreign woman who had appeared to ask him questions.
When Toji asked him who she was,
he said I don't know what Umauma was in English.
Umauma?
But I don't know what she meant....
"Umaa, uuma, uuman..."
A secreto makes a woman, woman...
"La Vermott?"
(Gin) Hondo...
-That was the name of that "rat"... -What killed the Kir?
Yes...
It was intoning the name in the ear of that "rat" when he could no longer feel, as if he could no longer feel.
when he could no longer feel, as if it were a Buddhist prayer.
"Hondo! Hondo! Hondo!"
Exactly...
Anyway, we split selected and started searching!
Coi!
Wait, Genta!
I'm sure there's a ravine there!
I've found it!
There's a person floating in the lake!
If this is a homicide,
the murderer is one of these 3 people here.
And the next Conan:
"The snowman who won't shred, (part one)"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

