White snow!
I will always be your partner!
A group of men and women with a story behind them.
The Detective League's snowman watches the trail of crime.
watches the trail of crime.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

Shinichi, you're doing great!
Ya, ya... Very much and very well.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he!
THE SNOW DOLL THAT DOESN'T LEAVE, (PART ONE)
Eh?
Where are that group?
Mite'ls..., Mite'ls are over there!
(Children: laugh)
It's looking pretty good.
What a face.
Before coming here, they have not stopped pestering me
for me to teach them how to snowboard,
and now they're gawking at me making this snowman.
You mean... we can rest easy, with that little boy...
who witnessed Queen Mizunashi's motorcycle accident?
If the foreign woman who approached that child
to make contact outside...
I know.
It's likely that the woman was a member of the men in black.
Specifically, the Vermott!
What?
What did you say?
Specifically...?
But you know what you say?
If so, they would have found out...
that she ended up badly hurt because of the accident!
Yes.
It's likely that they have already found out,
that Queen Mizunashi was taken to a hospital for serious injuries.
Shinichi, don't smoke...
But that's all they've found out.
They still don't know which hospital they have her in.
Also, I have explained this incident to Miss Jodie at the FBI.
I am convinced
that the FBI won't let them find out where she is, just like that.
But... but then there's that child.
You must be sure by now?
It seems that the FBI is watching out for his safety just in case,
but they have no interest in the boy.
And if they wanted to shut him up for good,
they would have eliminated him the moment they made contact.
But..., don't you think it's too convenient?
That you happened to find yourself in the house where there had been a crime,
that there was that child there...
and that you found out that a suspicious woman
had been asking you about that story.
It's no coincidence.
Eh?
I was also on the fence about everything...
and when I searched for information about Queen Mizunashi
I was overwhelmed with as much information as I found.
It was on the page of a great admirer of Queen Mizunashi,
where I understood it all...
That man had been doing that mysterious part-time job,
and it was the starting point of that case.
It seems that the man is wearing a jacket
that he had made himself with a photograph of her...
and in his diary he writes the following:
"On my way home from work,
"I met a boy whose name was Toji...
"Who, seeing my jacket, said:"
"That girl fell off the motorcycle."
So he probably looked at that diary, too.
That one?
Yes, he read between the lines that the murder case...
that had occurred in that boy's house
had something to do with that strange job;
"Moreover, he implicated me and Mr. Kogoro in that case,
"He brought us into that boy's house
"And made us meet him again..."
"The guy's name is Eisuke Hondo!"
Eisuke Hondo?
He's a student who came to Ran's school all of a sudden.
And, to top it off,
he's got eyes that match Queen Mizunashi's.
Hey, hey, wait a minute.
Don't tell me that student...
Surely, he's a classmate of those people...
who brought us into the investigation
because he wanted to find out where Queen Mizunashi was.

Well, that's what I'd like to say,
but I find that... it doesn't fit him very well.
He comes across as kind of dumb or a hopeless bungler....
Ximplet!
It makes him look like you have an oversight.
If it was all down to those people....
But he... was crying... Eh?
"I think I told you about that, didn't I?"
"It was the case of the saw, the nail and the hammer."
"That time, he was crying."
"I couldn't tell if the reason was because he was angry with himself.
"Because he didn't know how to get into the matter..."
and it was impossible for him to solve the case,
or, perhaps, he was hurt because he had already clarified the truth of the case...
and instead he couldn't find a way to explain it as he should have.
The only thing I know for sure is that he, that time....
(Ayumi) So it looks like he cried!
(Ayumi) How silly you are.
Please, guys!
But he's pretty good too.
Oi, Mitsuhiko?
(Ayumi) -Yes!
It was a good idea to buy the fruit on the way here.
Ouch!
Oh! (girl) Ep, kids!
(Girl) Ep, kids!
What are you doing?
Don't touch it!
It's our graduation project!
Well, it's just the rehearsal.
(Mitsuhiko) Your graduation project?
This snowman that looks like a monster?
(Mitsuhiko) That's right.
We are Fine Arts students in the Sculpture Department.
We all like snow very much,
and we asked our teacher for permission
and he gave us a special one.
But the only thing that makes the snowman is this guy right here, right?
This is because first of all
I define the shape that the basic concept will have
and then we'll add things together as we talk about the project,
and when we have made one that we all like,
we will take a picture
and we will use it as a model to make the real statue.
Because if we do it together from the beginning
enthusiasm, it would not turn out to be a good work.
The title is "The lament of the snowman".
Wow!
I was able to make the image of the head, but I'm still not clear about the body.
Don't worry, we take things slowly.
Take it easy?
We have to come back the day after tomorrow!
We must define the shape it will have as soon as possible!
You don't have to say it like that!
The Itabashi has been here all the time for us...
I remind you that the one who talked about making a play between the 4 of us
it was you!
-I didn't want it! -Calm down, girl...
This will be the last college vacation.
Exactly, at least we tried to understand each other a little bit at the end.
When we graduate, we may never see the four of us together again.
-Right, Asaka? -Yes.
I guess...
Then why don't we take...
and go on a night skiing trip on the last day?
Oh, too bad... Looks like the four of us won't be able to go.
Hey, Sakuko!
Wait a minute!
Asaka...
Don't worry about it.
I've got it figured out.
See you later, Itabashi, I'm going back to the shelter.
Let us know when you have the form set.
Yes.
(Ouch) The leg of that brown-haired girl...
She was limping.
That girl with the slanted eyes looks like a nasty one.
Listen, how about we scare him with our dummy?
-Huh?
How do we do that? -First of all...
(Pip-pip)
I'm Sakuko, say.
What is it?
Speak?
Must be now?
(Genta) Curry, curry, how good it is!
After sweating in the mountain you should eat curry!
(Genta) It's true!
(Think) "And what else? If the only thing he has done has been a snowman."
- (boy) Have you found it? - (boy) No.
Maybe she went skiing alone
and didn't know how to get back because of this heavy snowstorm.
Asaka, don't shout about the bad weather.
Excuse me, what happened?
Are you the grandfather who was with those creatures?
Sakuko, the girl who came with us, didn't come to eat.
We went to her room to tell her, but she wasn't there.
We also looked for her in the stores and the rest of the complex.
-Don't say she went out?
Anyway, we'll split up and start searching!
We'll look around the back of the shelter
and you look around the front.
(Agasa) Miss Sakuko, what do you feel?
(Agasa) -You're not here? -Boy, your eyes are slanting!
(Agasa) Ah!
Sakuko!
Guys, where are you?
Guys, where are you?

Nooooo!
Silly, don't start crying!
Hold on tight to my coat and don't let go!
Yes.
The others are here too?
Yes!
I've held tightly to the Haibara's hand.
-What's this?
What's that? -My hand...
-What?
You were saying nothing about me?
Couldn't you keep looking for her in this storm it might be dangerous?
You're right.
We'll have to wait for the storm to die down.
Eh?
Aaaah!
Our snowman's boss is down!
(Mitsuhiko) It can't be!
(Mitsuhiko) It must have fallen to the ground because of this strong wind.
-The glove...! - Coi!
Wait, Genta! The glove!
I'm sure there's a ravine over there!
Not much...
You don't say.
But the snowstorm has calmed down a bit.
Yes...
Mm?
Oh! Oh, Conan, what's wrong?
Conan, what's wrong?
There seems to be some... thing floating in the lake below the cliff.
Don't tell me what it could be...
(Agasa) On the right glass, you have a telescopic feature.
Ah... (Agasa) I've found it.
There's a person floating in the lake!
Is it...
Is it Sakuko?
(Male) The victim is Miss Sakuko Kokura, age 22.
A fourth-year Fine Arts student.
We believe she drowned in the lake.
Just in case, shall we take him for autopsy?
Yes... Have them take him in for an autopsy.
A-aaatxum!
And then?
Was this woman traveling alone?
No.
It looks like she came with 3 classmates
from the same Fine Arts University.
From right to left: Mr. Tanji Kiyama,
Miss Asaka Onoue and Kazuya Itabashi.
And the people who found the body were also the 3 of them?
No, the ones who found it are...
We, the Junior Detective League!
When we were looking for the girl, a snowstorm came up.
And then, we found her from above that ravine.
She was floating in this lake.
Are you the boy who lives with Mr. Mouri?
Naturally, he must be here too!
-He's not. -Huh?
I'm sorry, but we're the only ones here.
Oh, really?
This means that we don't have the Sleeping Kogoro
to reveal the truth of this cursed case.
-A... a cursed case? -Yes.
The corpse is wearing snowboard boots.
There was a snowboard floating in the lake.
And, furthermore,
to get down here from the ravine
you must necessarily cross over that bridge.
Instead, it was closed until we arrived.
It must have fallen out of the ravine with the snowboard.
Yes, in the middle of the snowstorm, he made a mistake with the board....
and fell down the ravine.
He fell into this lake and drowned.
This is the most natural idea.
But there is something mysterious... in this lake!
In the lake?
Can't you see it?
With all the snow around, how come it hasn't frozen?
I'm sure a demon or something in the lake has possessed it
and made this lake swallow Miss Sakuko.
-It's the hot springs, huh?
This lake is connected to a hot spring
and the water temperature is high.
It's not the temperature that a person would go into, but....
I have it spread that this lake has never frozen, right?
Ah..., really?
Yes.
It also says so in the guidebook of the region.
"If you're an inspector of this region, find out more, you piece of log."
Then we'll close it as an accident.
But, sir... I don't know if this girl was snowboarding.
So this girl isn't wearing a hat or ski goggles.
(Mitsuhiko) That's true.
With the storm that was going on,
it's impossible for her to go snowboarding without anything on her head.
She must have taken it off when she fell into the lake, for sure.
Maybe he should have taken off his goggles and hat,
but he shouldn't have done the same with his gloves, should he?
That's right!
This means that Miss Kokura...
was a person who sweated a lot!
Man!
You know, there are people who hate to wear gloves...
so that their hands sweat a lot!
Yes, very well, but when you go snowboarding you have to wear gloves.
Maybe she wasn't dressed for snowboarding to begin with...
and that someone has put only the boots on her?
Someone must have put them on to kill her
and make it look like she had a snowboarding accident.
It's not fair!

-So..., (flow) must have been one of the 3?
It was just a guess.
Excuse me, can you explain to me in detail what has happened....
from the time Miss Sakuko disappeared
until the body has been found?
Yes... I could have sworn it was shortly before 12 o'clock. Couldn't you?
Just getting to the shelter,
Sakuko went straight to her room.
Afterwards, we agreed to have lunch together in the dining room of the shelter,
after one o'clock,
but she was the only one who didn't show up.
I went to her room and knocked on the door,
but she didn't answer,
and I asked the shelter manager to open the door,
and she wasn't there.
We split up to look for her around the shelter complex
and when... we didn't know what we could do...
That's when she met us in the dining room, right?
Maybe she went skiing alone
and didn't know how to get back because of this snowstorm.
Asaka, don't shout about the bad weather.
Excuse me, what happened?
Are you the grandfather who was with those creatures?
The girl who came with us didn't come to eat.
and we went to tell her to go to her room, but she wasn't there.
We also looked for her in the stores and the rest of the complex.
-Don't say she really went out?
Anyway, we split up and start searching!
We'll look around the back of the shelter,
and you, from the front.
So we have divided into 2 groups to look for it.
and Conan, this kid,
told us that he had found her body from above the ravine.
And then, where were you from the moment you have said goodbye to her?
until you realized that she was missing?
I... I was in the shelter, in my room.
I was also, in my.
I was behind the shelter making a snowman.
A snowman?
Yes, I was rehearsing our play...
for the 4 of us graduation project.
It seems that Miss Sakuko had rented an iron
and some snowboard boots.
You guys rent anything?
Yes, I rented an iron too.
-I rented some skis, but... But?
In Kiyama I didn't ski.
I didn't ski for me,
because last year I got a bad leg and I can't ski anymore.
But, even if I can't ski,
you can push... a person, right?
Yes.
You could have called Miss Sakuko...
after you said goodbye
and met her secretly in that ravine.
It occurred to me that with a single push from the back,
she would fall into the middle of the lake... below.
This is impossible!
If I were to fall down the ravine going at full speed
on top of the snowboard would still make sense.
But pushing it off the top of that cliff,
it would fall, at best, right here where we are.
It's still 5 meters to the edge of the lake.
-Indeed... It was impossible to be pushed down.
But you, who could ski...
I think this is also impossible.
Even if you could ski all the way down without difficulty,
it would be impossible for you to get back up this wall in a short time,
in the middle of the snowstorm.
Even if he had a rope.
If you are still suspicious,
you can go and examine the skis and boots that I have rented
and that I have stored in the closet in the shelter.
If I had used it, although it would be all wet.
In the locker are everyone's things 3?
Yes.
Then you could have taken the iron...
and the victim's snowboard boots whenever you wanted.
Wait a minute, what are you saying?
I mean, if you tied her to her snowboard...
and made her slide down the face of the ravine..,
she would automatically drop like a stone into the lake!
Eh?
But, inspector, does that mean you can?
The face of this gully is full of lumps.
If you were to do something like that, it would tip over.
In this sense, Mr. Itabashi, who knows how to snowboard,
would choose a part of the wall where there is no danger of tipping over.
Say, where's the rope supposed to be....
would they have attached it to the snowboard?
That's right!
Even if she managed to keep the board from tipping over,
the body would have been tied to the board!

Also, the reason why Sakuko was not wearing gloves,
could be the fact that she was lost in the middle of the snowstorm.
I'm sure she wanted to ask for help with her cell phone.
But when you make a phone call, do you have to take off both gloves?
-Maybe she wasn't going to call, but wanted to send us a message.
When he wrote messages on his cell phone, he used both hands.
-A message? -Yes.
Before making a call,
Sakuko always sent a message
to confirm if we were able to take the call.
It always read "Can I call you back now?"
Surely, the wind has blown the gloves away when she was writing the message.
And when he followed the gloves on his snowboard....,
he might have fallen down the ravine...
Was the snowstorm that strong?
Yes!
It was very strong!
Everything was white and you couldn't even see anything around you.
"Guys..., where are you?"
So, it must be an accident.
Surely.
Mr. Inspector, I beg you to drop these malicious suspicions.
Well, anyway, let's take a look at the ravine...
from where he supposedly fell.
There may be some evidence of the accident.
"An accident? No, you're wrong."
"I doubt very much that a person...
"who had promised food with some people within an hour...
"would walk into a snowstorm...
"and take the snowboard to go out on the slopes."
"This is a homicide,
"The killer is one of these 3 people here."
"But, I don't know..."
What method did you use to throw Miss Sakuko,
"Which was the shelter,
"Up to this lake?"
(Yamamura) Eh?
A snowman?
Yes.
Find anything strange?
(Ayumi) Genta!
Probability of crime: zero.
120% that it's an accident!
(Agasa's voice) Miss Sakuko's death was no accident,
he has been murdered.
Yes, everything indicates that the murderer is...
"It's possible that it's the marks the killer has left in the snow."
And the next Conan:
"The snowman who won't shred, (part two)"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

