Traces!
I will always be your partner!
A crime occurs that looks like an accident.
Guess the secret taste of the snowman montage!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"We went all together in the snow in the company of Dr. Agasa."
"Next to our group, they were making a snowman,
"There was a snow sculpture,
"The graduation project of Fine Arts.
"Which was made by a group of 4 people we met there."
(Pip-pip)
I'm Sakuko, say.
What?
Speak?
It must be now?
"But a person from the group, the Sakuko Kokura,
"was found dead in a lake below the shelter's ravine."
Well, let's take a look at the ravine anyway...
where she supposedly fell from.
There may be some evidence of the accident left behind.
"An accident? No, you're wrong."
"I doubt very much that a person
"Who had promised food with some people within an hour
"would walk into a snowstorm
"and take the snowboard to go out on the slopes."
"It wouldn't be normal."
"This is a homicide, the killer is one of these 3 people here."
"But I don't know..."
"What method did you use to throw Miss Sakuko,
"Which was the shelter...,
"to this lake?"
THE SNOW DOLL THAT DOESN'T LEAVE, (PART TWO)
(Yamamura) Surely it was from here, from where it fell.
The fence was supposed to be broken and they put up this rickety sign?
It broke down last week
and they were planning to fix it this weekend.
I don't see any trace of a snowboard.
Maybe the snowstorm wiped them out.
Huh?
Mmmm?
A snowman?
Could this be the end-of-term project I was told about earlier?
Uh... Yes.
Do you find anything strange?
Mr. Itabashi, you, who were making the snowman,
didn't you feel Miss Sakuko?
The place where she fell is four steps away from here.
Yes, I was out here until just before one o'clock,
the time we were supposed to meet for lunch, but I didn't feel it happen.
I was concentrating on making the figure
and the storm that was blowing was thunderous.
There is something that has been puzzling me for a long time.
Let's see what is it?
A snowman.
But the truth is
Itabashi is the only one who knows whether he has it ready or not.
Since he's the one who has the design in his head...
A snowman?
Even I know that it is an incomplete work,
because, you see it there?
There is an apple, some bananas and plates.
Then you thought to use these items, right?
(Mitsuhiko) wrong.
It is part of our snowman.
With the snowstorm his head has fallen off!
What?
Ah..., right.
Is that so?
Hey, stop!
Don't step too hard!
There's a Junior Detective League transmitter underneath!
I'm sorry.
But this brings back memories...!
When I was a kid, I used to do that too,
putting gloves on the end of ski poles.
Again?
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Boy, did you hurt yourself?
Genta!
(Ayumi) Genta!
What's coming out of my nose?
Genta... (Ayumi) Blood!
(At the same time) You have blood in your nose.
(Ayumi) Please don't move!
That's it!
This is ready!
Now you just have to have a nice quiet time!
-Did you get it? -Huh? -Yeah...
Yes...
(Ayumi) Oh, you're amazing!
You look like a nurse!
Gee, what bad luck...
No.
Genta, you make me envious!
(Ayumi) -Blood pouring out of your nose and falling face first into the snow is not normal!
-Maybe there was a shovel or something buried in the snow.

Eh?
There was nothing like that.
But that snow tasted a little strange.
"Taste?"
-A strange taste? -Snow?
Yes!
Genta, speak!
What did it taste like?
The snow!
That snow!
What did it taste like?
Eh... Of it..., it was salty.
Then... (Door, open)
(Door, open)
Ah, doctor!
You know anything new?
Yes.
At the autopsy,
when they examined the contents of Miss Sakuko's stomach,
they found the same type of water that's in the lake.
This means that it is clear that it was an accident, right?
No.
It is possible... that it is the sign...
that... the killer has left in the snow
that proves it's a murder.
(Yamamura) Yes!
That's right.
We still have some doubts to clear up,
but it looks like it was an accident.
So I want to get this over with
and get back to the station as soon as I can.
What's that?
Chief, now you're inviting everyone to go eat vegetable soup?
How wonderful!
I'd like to be added if that place isn't already taken!
What do you mean?
If there's any aspect of the case that's still unclear,
I'd better investigate it thoroughly?
Easy, sir!
Probability of crime: zero.
It's almost certainly an accident!
- (Agasa) No.-That's why... Eh?
It seems that this is not just any accident.
-Inspector, can you tell us what's going on? -Eh?
Why did you make us come here in such a hurry?
We've already explained to you what we knew about the whole thing.
But Sakuko was an accident, wasn't it?
Well, yes... But that man said something strange.
(Agasa voice) No, believe me.
There's nothing strange about it.
He's the grandfather of the creatures.
Miss Sakuko's death was no accident,
he was murdered.
And, what's more, everything indicates that the murderer is one of you 3.
I'm just trying to say this, nothing more.
Listen, sir.
I want to make it clear to you that I led the whole world down here
because I thought you had found clues about the accident.
Not because you're bragging about being a detective
saying this was a murder.
Well, I...
Under the circumstances,
Miss Sakuko was in the middle of the snowstorm,
made a bad maneuver and rushed down the spot...
where the snowboard had been broken,
fell into the lake below the ravine and drowned.
This is the only thing you can think of!
The bridge, the only way to get to the lake, was closed,
and no one has approached until the police have arrived.
(Conan's voice) Yes, that's why...
From the part located under the end of the ravine to the lake
there is a distance of 10 meters,
and even if someone pushed it from the top of the ravine,
it wouldn't reach the lake.
And, even more, even more.... Even more, I'll tell you!
That within an hour of parting from Miss Sakuko,
"From the moment they saw that she was not coming to where they had arranged.
"Until you have not discovered the body,
"They have been all, all, all the time looking for her parts."
Even if they had used a rope,
in the middle of this snowstorm,
they wouldn't have been able to get down the ravine carrying her on their shoulder,
plunge it into the lake and come back up.
Or is it that you now, you,
dare to insinuate that doing something like that is possible.
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
Is it ok?
"I'm sorry, but this way we'll finish sooner."
Inspector!
Are you all right? -You look like you're sleeping.
It's true.
(Yamamura voice) No, believe me, I'm not sleeping.
I'm so disgusted with myself that my legs have failed me.
Gee, this is terrible.
The reason?
That at last, here and now, I've realized that it was such a simple set-up.
A... a set-up, you say?
That's right.
The murderer has stuffed Miss Sakuko inside something
and threw her down the ravine.
Into a... something?
Wait, now you don't mean to tell us that he put her on a sled?
Even if she was put on a sled with the snowboard,
on that lumpy side of the ravine, it would tip over...
Besides, even if someone went up
and slid down the face of the gully,
I'd eventually have to go up that slope.
A sled?

What I am referring to has nothing to do with anything so unstable.
What I mean is
that by putting it in there and having it fall out of the ravine,
it would certainly go all the way to the lake,
and, in a short time, it would disappear.
-Reach the lake? -Disappear?
(laughs) It's ridiculous, this theory doesn't make any sense.
Now I understand it!
But, instead of bristling saying that haarribat and has disappeared,
he should explain that he rolled it down and that it fell apart.
That would be more direct and easier to understand.
-Of course! MM?
What is it?
Think about it!
Don't you remember that we have made a together?
We have made a?
Ah, of course!
That we've made one between all of us?
-Ha-ha! -Yeah, I'm sure it's... -Yeah, sure it's...
(At the same time) A snowman!
He put that girl inside a snowman...
and made it fall down the ravine!
So it would roll down the slope and into the water.
The snowman would fall apart...
and, of course, Miss Sakuko would be left floating in the middle of the lake!
That lake is connected to the outlet of a hot springs
and the temperature is a little high.
(Tanji) A snowman?
Don't talk nonsense!
So much so that Sakuko was not very stout,
if a person were to get inside a snowman in the shape of a sphere,
while rolling down the ravine,
the snowman would break halfway and would not reach the lake.
True, and, at the very least, it should be 2 meters in diameter.
-But even if you could make a snowman that big, I don't think one person could roll it down the ravine,
I don't think one person could roll it.
No.
It can work even if you don't use such a fat snowman.
Exactly...
The size needed would be...
like the snowman I'm leaning on.
Where are you leaning?
This snowman would be more than enough.
Yes, I've said it before!
With this size, it would surely break in the middle of the way...
and expel its contents before reaching the lake.
-Ya... you've already felt it... -Whoops, say something!
"What a mess!"
What happened to you?
What's wrong with you?
Hey!
Are you kidding us?
No, I was just trying to remind you...
...of the moment when Genta fell in the snow
next to this snowman and blood came out of his nose.
(Ayumi) "Genta!"
"What's coming out of my nose?"
- "Ge... Genta! Blood!" - (at the same time) "You have blood in your nose!"
And... and what does that have to do with it?
Genta, do you remember what you noticed in the snow at that time?
Uh, yes... It was hard and salty.
This is the point of the montage:
(Ai) the salt.
-Eh? -Yes, the salt.
Of course, the salt.
The chemical reaction of the snow with the salt has made...
the snowman harden.
A chemical reaction?
When you put salt on the snow, the freezing point, that is, the temperature at which it freezes, freezes,
that is, the temperature at which it freezes, drops...
and the part that is in contact with the salt dissolves,
but before it melts, it absorbs the surrounding heat,
so the snow that is around the area where there is no salt...
freezes and hardens.
It is used on the ski slopes of competitions
or to harden the snow when making an igloo.
And although I tell you more:
the one used on the ski slopes is ammonium sulfate
to ensure safety once the snow has hardened!
-Ammonium sulfate... Sulfate... of a-mo-ni?
Well, I guess when you go to high school...
you'll study it in science class.
-Hey, wait a minute.
I don't know what experimental science is all about here.
But where are you going to tell us about that salt-hardened snowman?
That you have seen it?
(Yamamura's voice) No, I haven't seen it, but surely it was...
Here, in the place where I fell on my head.
The task of hardening the snowman with salt has been carried out here,
that's why the snow that has been accumulating on the ground
was hardened by the salt that fell on the ground
and when Genta screwed up the trunk, blood came out of his nose.
What?
That it was there, you say?
And it's still there, it's obvious!
This snowman has been made by the murderer in a hurry
after having committed the murder.
But he only made the body

to prevent anyone from noticing the set-up he had made using the snowman.
using the snowman.
Proof of this is... You see?
(Snow: crunch)
That this end has also been hardened by the salt.
If I wanted it to keep its shape,
all I had to do was to place it on top of a body and I'd be done!
Don't..., don't go so fast.
Now then...
Don't tell me that it was Sakuko who put the snowman inside the snowman
and made it fall was...
Yes.
The person who has been here the whole time making the snowman.
Mr. Itabayashi!
The only person I can think of is you!
It was just a matter of putting the head back on the body of the snowman,
and applying the intricate details
the points from where the head connected with the rest of the body.
And this could only be done by the person who made the doll!
After that Miss Sakuko has separated from all,
with the excuse that there was a snowstorm,
she called him on the phone and told him to come here...
Because she would put on her coat.
"Once she had arrived,
"He told her to talk inside because the storm was too bad.
"And he invited her into his room."
"He pushed her head into the water-filled sink spout
"Until he drowned her."
"And then, in the midst of the snowstorm...
"which gave very little visibility...,
"He carried her here in his arms
"After having put on his snowboard boots,
"He put it inside the space he had opened up inside the snowman's body.
"along with the snowboard."
"He tied the lid with snow,
"He rolled it down into the ravine...
"And threw it down."
And so it floated down into the lake!
But, hey, all this can be done in an hour?
It is assumed that after having put Sakuko inside the doll
you made the body of that snowman, right?
When the Itabashi has met us there where we had arranged,
he was not out of breath.
Building a new one from scratch is quite an arduous job,
but if he used a snow globe, he'd have half a job done,
and the time and effort I would spend would be cut in half.
Half?
Surely, you didn't know it,
but the children had put a mechanism on their snowman
to surprise everyone 4.
Isn't that right, kids?
Right?
Yes...
Next time they came here,
we wanted to yell out loud so they'd get a good scare.
We had taken it upon ourselves to put it on our snowman's head!
The Junior Detective League transmitter.
(Pip-pip)
The signal from our transmitter!
It's felt in the snowman's stomach.
Then, the head of our snowman had not fallen by the storm.
(Ouch) Having taken out the fruits that you had added,
he used it as a base to form the snowman's body.
But... this is not enough proof
to prove that the Itabashi is the murderer.
The proof is the pike from Mr. Itabashi's wash basin.
The autopsy results determine
that the water found in the stomach of Miss Sakuko
was the same as the water found in the lake below the ravine.
That is why it is likely that the evidence is still there.
The water that Mr. Itabashi has kept was....
from the lake below the ravine in order to stew the Sakuko there.
"Along with what must possibly be the victim's hair."
"He could also have drowned her in the sink in her room,
"But the room used to carry out the crime
"Was Mr. Itabashi's own."
"If he had used her room,
"I would have taken the victim's ski goggles, gloves and hat,
"and would have put it on before putting her in the snowman."
But the Itabashi had no reason to want to murder Sakuko!
(Itabashi) Yes.
Even I didn't believe
that I would be capable of committing such an atrocity,
but maybe I lost... my mind for a moment...
because I did the Asaka thing.
What... what do you mean by this?
Itabashi!
You knew that... Sakuko was in love with you.
And then, you fell in love with the Asaka.

T'embogia the elegance with which she went down the ski slope.
You wanted to eliminate the image you had of the Asaka.
And that wretched woman made the Asaka
to go with a snowboard,
"But she didn't have any experience in this sport,
"And he made a very dangerous circuit,
"He had an accident and got his leg hurt."
"He did it all for that reason."
-Hey, are you serious? -Yes, I am.
One day when I was drunk, I heard him swearing.
Ep, Sakuko!
You're drinking too much!
All this is also because of the Asaka.
Apa, what do you mean by that?
Say.
I invited her to come
and I was fine with her falling as planned
and even broke her leg.
But why hasn't she disappeared yet, the Asaka?
What did you say?
Oh, what a pain in the ass, really.
And the doctor told him that he would never be able to ski again?
No... No way.
Itabashi!
Why... why?
Why didn't you want to tell me any of this?
Itabashi!
Because I couldn't do that to send salt to the enemy.
-In the enemy? -Yes.
Knowing your temperament,
if you never found out about any of that,
I can't even imagine what you would have done to Sakuko.
And I wasn't willing to leave that to you.
I didn't want to leave you with this stupid role of avenging the Asaka...
and take the blame.
Boy, oh boy, that was amazing!
I didn't know that snow hardens with salt.
That's true.
No!
It does more than harden it.
If you put salt on the snow and mix the two things together well,
the salt breaks down and the snow continues to break down
until it reaches a point... where it disappears.
Sodium chloride is used in the same way on snowy streets as a snow solvent.
as a snow solvent.
"Yes. The man has really screwed up."
"He hasn't known how to... use salt well."
"He has not used it to undo
"And dissolve his murderous intent,
"but to harden it."
(Genta) A snapping turtle?
"A snapping turtle and a million yen..."
Hey, Conan, what happened?
It is possible that these two cases are related to each other.
You won't escape!
And the next Conan: "The Mystery of the Lake"
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta...
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

