Footprints!
I will always be your partner!
A crime that looks like an accident.
Guess the hidden flavor of the snowman montage.
He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

(Panda) gather the courage to face tomorrow
and we will all fly together into the future without brakes.
We won't give up the important things and...
Eh?
What happened?
(At the same time) Inspector Takagi!
-Hello, children, I'm here to pay you. -Have there been any cases?
Yes.
Over there, at the Fukurokoro's house.
(Takagi) "Last night, at dusk."
A thief!
(Takagi) "That thief, after he fled from there."
The amount stolen amounted to 3 million yen.
The thief was wearing gloves and we have not been able to obtain fingerprints.
And a balaclava on his head, so we don't know what he looks like.
The only clue we have is that he is a thin and tall man.
So we're looking for witnesses
that will at least let us know where he fled to.
So there's no place for the Junior Detective League...
Yes.
Solving robberies is police work.
Hurry up, guys.
We have to go to the central park!
(Genta) Yes!
(Man) Well, in the central park.
That's right...
There you must go because of the notice that the city council has given this morning.
Back, please, it's dangerous!
Move further away from the pond!
Where is it?
Is it really there? Genta, don't push me!
Geez, Conan, even you're afraid of him?
(Woman) There!
Here, it's here!
No doubt it's a snapping turtle.
(Genta) A snapping turtle?
THE MYSTERY OF THE LAKE
(Ayumi) Maybe someone kept it at home as a pet.
It's a kind of turtle that didn't exist in Japan.
The owner must have abandoned it because it was difficult for him to take care of it.
Common name: snapping turtle.
Its habitat is between the United States and Mexico.
Aggressive in temperament and with jaws of great strength.
They can sever a person's finger without any difficulty.
-Which animal is the most dangerous, no one should have as a pet.
(Alas) You know... In this world, there are people for everything.
There are those who fill the emptiness of their hearts
with animals like these as pets.
What lonely people.
Well, there are more and more of those lonely people every day.
I guess that's why there is a boom in exotic reptiles.
Well, I can't stand reptiles.
But that doesn't mean I don't understand people who have them.
They are free to have, if they want.
But to abandon them is irresponsible!
You are right.
Yes.
Abandoning a living creature that is not originally from Japan
destroys the original ecosystem of the country, it is unacceptable.
(Genta) But making animal species increase is not good?
You are wrong.
This is not the issue.
(Genta) But the snapping turtle is bad!
We find out
who is the bad person who has abandoned such a dangerous turtle!
-(Genta) -Yes.
It will be the mission of the Junior Detective League!
But how will we do it?
"The Junior Detective League upholding justice..."
If we do the proper checks on all the pet stores,
we'll surely be able to track down the person who abandoned it!
As a snapping turtle eats a lot,
I'm sure the owner frequented a pet store to buy small fish to feed them.
to buy small fish to feed them.
(Think) "Have I hit the bull's-eye?"
-Of course, we can start with that! How clever you are!
Hey, Conan, what's up?
It was you, wasn't it....,
who has abandoned that snapping turtle?
(Girl) "I finally found a boyfriend."
"But..."

He doesn't like reptiles, does he?
Yes.
And all at once he saw my little one as a nuisance.
But I am very happy
that a person has appeared to fill the loneliness of his heart.
But let's be clear, whatever the reason,
to abandon her like that... Eh?
Haibara?
Look, I remembered that I have some things to do.
No more stories.
(Man) Where is she?
He's escaped!
(Boy) I'm sure!
That's Kamejiro, my pet!
Listen.
This snapping turtle is your?
Excuse me, I call myself Nihonmatsu.
I live in an apartment in the third district.
Yesterday I just took my eyes off him for a moment and he escaped.
I didn't imagine that the bug would be able to get here.
I beg you.
Catch it as soon as you can and bring it back to me, please!
W... but what does this man say?
The turtle is mine.
"Mmmm... The tortoise, has it found another master?"
"This is getting interesting."
Excuse me, sir.
Hey, is that turtle really yours?
Yes, I'm absolutely sure.
It's a very peculiar turtle.
I don't get it.
Because that girl also says it's hers and that she left it yesterday.
I didn't think its real owner would show up.
Why did she say it was her turtle?
Well, it's just that...
I wanted to repair a mistake I made.
(Genta) Make up for a mistake?
(Nihonmatsu) "When I was a little boy,
"I had a Florida tortoise that I bought at a fair."
"But, little by little, I got lazier and lazier about it...
"And in the end I threw it into a wetland."
"But it always tasted bad to me..."
"So this morning,
"I sensed that they had seen a snapping turtle here,
"I thought surely it had been abandoned."
The poor beast is not at all to blame and I have taken pity on it.
That's why I thought I'd take charge and take care of my house.
That way I can apologize for the Florida tortoise I abandoned.
So this was it? -What a nice person.
Miss Kimata, I beg you to let me keep the turtle.
I will take good care of it.
I beg you, please.
Ah, in fact... I'm the one asking you to do me the favor.
I beg you to continue to take good care of it.
Oh, thank you very much.
Yes.
I will!
How nice, Mr. Nihonmatsu. - Yes.
For that snapping turtle,
this is the happiest solution that could be found.
He can have the best owner imaginable.
Oi, Conan? Eh?
Eh..., yes.
(people: expressions of surprise)
- (man) Look! - (time) Eh?
(man) Let's see.
Maybe...
Excuse me, excuse me...
That she's been captured?
No, it's not about that... Look at this.
Look!
Eh?
-Look, there are two... -... snapping turtles?
-Here too!
There's one here too!
-That means, in total... -Four turtles?
"What the hell is going on in this pond?"
Mr. Nihonmatsu, which one is your turtle?
Uh... That much... So much for that.
Take all the snapping turtles from this pond
and give them to me.
Eh?
All of them?
Well, they've all been abandoned, poor things...
Mr. Nihonmatsu!
Seriously, you are a person with a very generous heart!
"But, don't cry, man..."
Eh?
What about your finger?
What happened to it?
Ah, that... It's nothing...
(Man) Finally!
We have caught the first one!
(People: standing ovation)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(River) Be careful.
This little beast always jumps out to bite you like that, all of a sudden!
-Wow... -That's scary.
But, come on, when you look at it up close, it's really cute.
The truth is that I love turtles, I love them.
I'm sure you do,
because you had that Florida tortoise so long ago.
Yeah, I'm sure that's why.
That turtle was cute too.
It was so beautiful that, as it grew up,
the green color of the shell became more vivid.
"This man..."
Oysters... That man?
What's so strange about him that you don't believe it?
Well, everything!
For example, Florida tortoises...
only have a bright green shell color when they are small hatchlings,
and as they grow older, their shells darken.
"It was so beautiful that as it got older,
"The green color of the shell became more vivid."
And that's a lie.

If I had really had a turtle I would have known about it.
So, that story was a lie?
And that he abandoned his tortoise too?
Of course he did.
The story that he wanted to make up for it, too.
And besides, that man doesn't think at all...
that turtles are cute.
He rather seems to detest them.
"This little beast always jumps up to bite you just like that, all of a sudden!"
It was all a lie!
So how come he wants to keep the snapping turtles?
Y 4!
He wants to be thanked for everything he does and taken to the Dragon King's palace?
"Come on, let's go..."
I got it!
I'll find out what a in head door!
I'll take off this sheepskin he's wearing!
Mitsuhiko!
Genta, keep an eye on that man, please!
(At the same time) Conan!
(Woman) What kind of man is he?
He's not a bad person at heart,
but some dishonest-looking debt collectors come to see him
day in and day out, and ten the rent of the apartment.
"He's a pretty annoying tenant to me."
It sounds like he has money problems.
I don't think he has enough money
to pay for the cost of feeding a snapping turtle.
What if he doesn't want to take care of it?
What if he wants to sell them for a good price?
No.
A snapping turtle, at most, can be sold for 7 or 8,000 yen,
Even if you sell all 4, you won't get enough for the rent.
So, it's not to sell them either....
It must be for a different reason...
We have taken the second one!
But to have 4 is too much.
You already have an aquarium?
Yes, you are right.
I'll have to hurry up and get everything ready.
When you have caught all 4, please call me.
Bye, I'll be back later.
I guess this will go well.
But I was just thinking about that one turtle and I'll end up with 4.
Now he's sighing.
Everything indicates that this man, what he wanted,
was to take just one of the four snapping turtles.
But, at first glance, he didn't know what it was.
So he had no choice but to keep all 4 in disgust.
What he wanted was to take one of the 4 turtles?
There must be some special reason
why he even wants that particular turtle.
I know... I know!
It's one million yen plus interest,
I've already got the money.
It's just that there's been a complication.
"One million?"
A... today or tomorrow I'll be able to return it all to you...
I guess you know what will happen to you if you don't keep your word.
(Sigh) Let's see if they'll wake up and catch those turtles!
What just happened here?
What's the point?
If he gets those snapping turtles that have him mad,
he'll be able to return the money.
What connection should a snapping turtle have with a million yen?
Ah!
I've got it!
On the shell of that turtle, shouldn't there be a map drawn?
You know, with a map of a place where there is gold and treasures!
Let's see, Genta...
Who, when and why would have drawn a map like this?
Ah, right..., I wanted to say that...
Oh!
Madam, let me help you!
That's impressive.
That's a real cop-out.
We've already got the third one!
Look at that.
There's only one left.
"A snapping turtle and a million yen..."
Did you find anything?
"These are..."
"This morning, Inspector Takagi told us, didn't he?"
Yesterday's thief was wearing gloves and a ski mask.
I'll go get Inspector Takagi!
Ayumi!
But, it doesn't mean that they belong to that thief!
But, it's a matter of time.
Four drops fell last night, but it's not wet.
This means that it was burned after the rain spread,
between last night and this morning.
Now I understand.
That is to say, the chances that this is from the thief...
who committed the robbery last night are very high.
After having stolen 3 million yen from that house,
the thief fled here, didn't he, Conan?
And disposed of what he had used.
It is possible that these two cases are related to each other.
(Mitsuhiko) What two cases?
Last night's robbery case
and the fact that Mr. Nihonmatsu
wants to get the snapping turtles from this pond.
So, that man who is called Nihonmatsu...

is the thief who committed the robbery last night?
Yes.
You had told us that the thief was a thin, tall man, right?
Yes, indeed.
That man is also thin and very tall.
Besides, that man said something earlier...
A... today or tomorrow I will be able to return everything to you.
"And he had that bandage."
If he had taken the finger wrong,
when he came here to get rid of the evidence...
This little beast always jumps up to bite you all of a sudden!
...I think he took a bite out of it,
one of those snapping turtles.
The only thing I don't understand even by a miracle...
Of course...
The question is why that gentleman
insists on keeping the snapping turtles, isn't it?
Well, I know!
Listen to me!
In short...
Last night he stole the money and fled to this park.
"He took off his ski mask,
"He took off his gloves and burned all the evidence here."
"But at that moment..."
"Aaah! Yum! Nyem! Bang!"
"When that snapping turtle bit his finger.
"He saw his face!"
But in this pond there were 4 snapping turtles.
And since he doesn't know which of the turtles had seen her...
Conan, if that gentleman is the thief...
and he's supposed to have gotten 3 million yen..,
how come he couldn't pay back the loan?
It can only be that.
The fourth one!
This is the last one!
(People: standing ovation)
Hey, wait for me!
(Man) The person who warned us this morning...
that there was a snapping turtle here?
Well, he didn't tell us his name,
but it was a man, and we could hear a young man's voice on the phone.
"It was probably that man."
"He couldn't catch it by his own means and called the town hall."
"But how could that turtle have been so important to him?"
I've already got the money.
It's just that there was a complication.
"But then, what complication was I supposed to talk about?"
"Last night, at the time,
"one of the beasts bit his finger."
"But that's not all. There's something else..."
Oh!
How big it is!
I want to touch it!
Shu, son, it can't be.
It's dangerous.
Let's go back home.
"It can't be."
"But it wouldn't be impossible either."
Inspector, I think you'd better thoroughly examine...
these four snapping turtles right away.
Examine them?
But examine what?
I thought so.
What?
That I can't take them with me?
Look, there are a number of formalities to be fulfilled.
Please wait a week.
(Nihonmatsu) That long?
In a week?
What a drag!
I've got it.
It's taken effect.
Let's see... I could have sworn it was 304, 304...
I got it!
I got it... I got it!
What's the matter?
I don't get it.
(Mitsuhiko) It's useless!
So much so that I tried it.
You want to put the money to use it for a week, right?
Because if you leave it closed for more than 3 days,
the maintenance people will consider that there have been incidents
and recover what's inside.
Eh?
No, it's just that I...
Unfortunately, coin-operated lockers...
have a mechanism that prevents coins from being inserted
if you don't put the key in.
Oh, really?
Let me open this locker for you.
The... the police!
Mr. Nihonmatsu.
Tell me where that money came from.
(Sighs) Shit!
You had gotten yourself into a mess over debts and, last night,
you stole 3 million yen from Mr. Fukurokoro's house without a care in the world.
But keeping them in this closet was a big mistake.
At that time, I thought I was in luck!
(Man) Sir, are you all right?
I'm screwed!
If I'm caught red-handed I'm finished.
What luck!
(Man) Eh?
You bastard!
I have to hide that too!
(Man: continues chattering)
Megumi, beautiful!
((Nihonmatsu) "But I didn't have any more coins."
She's going to go get rid of the evidence in a lonely corner of the park
and thought she would go and get the bag in the morning.
In this way, everything would have gone smoothly for him.
"However, at that moment something dreadful happened."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
Don't smoke!
Beastly, what have you done?
Hey, spit!
Spit the key!
Coi de bicho!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaah!
No..., it can't be!

"In this way, you swallowed that key, important to you."
I suspected that something like this might have happened,
but the X-ray gave us the result.
After that, you gave notice to the city council...
and took them for you.
All to retrieve the key that was left in the turtle's belly.
You didn't need to go to all that trouble.
All you had to do was...
call the locker maintenance company
and ask them to open it for him because he had lost the key.
No way!
If he had done that they would have opened the locker....
but they would have examined the contents of the bag
"To check that he had really been the one who had left it there."
"And, upon seeing the 3 million yen," he said,
"They would think it was related to last night's robbery."
(Ayumi) That's why he had no choice but to get those turtles!
(At the same time) He's running away!
You won't escape!
Here, take this!
(Ayumi) Damn it!
Who told them to leave them there?
How could they leave such dangerous animals in the park?
You're right.
But you have no right to criticize
the people who committed a fault like this.
We are detaining you as a suspect
because last night you broke into a person's house
and stole 3 million yen.
Gee... That's wonderful, isn't it?
All 4 found a new owner.
Yeah, they were real dangerous beasts,
but they were abandoned and that's too bad.
(Genta) Guys!
It's terrible!
This time, look, a heron has appeared in that direction!
-And besides, there's not only one! -Let's go!
(At the same time) Yes! Stop the carriage!
We'll be late!
"He-he-he-he. After the turtles, come the herons?"
For many years.
In Kaito Kid!
"There are 5 security corps members behind the window."
"It becomes difficult to enter from here."
A blackout!
Look, the painting has disappeared!
"He has stolen it as if by magic."
"Kaito Kid, today I will tear off this presumptuous mask you wear!"
And the next Conan: "In Kaito Kid and the 4 big pictures."
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

