Whatever happens, I will be by your side!
A locked room, a robbery and a murder have been committed.
Could it have been something from the Kaito Kid?
He always discovers the only truth;
he looks like a child,
but he has the brain of an adult and is... Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

(Thunder)
-In Kogoro Mouri? -Yes.
Why did you hire this well-known detective?
Doesn't it seem obvious to you?
Because I'm in danger.
In danger, you say?
Who's threatening you?
Naturally, the art world...
is eagerly awaiting my latest painting.
After the Red, the Gold and the Alb,
here I have the last painting, the Azure.
And there is someone willing to do anything to get it.
I'm talking about a lightning-fast individual,
the great professional thief, "the magician under the moonlight".
-I'm talking about the Kaito Kid. Are you serious?
I received a threat today.
"Tomorrow evening at 8 o'clock, under the light of the full moon,
I will come to take away the Azur", the message said.
But this is terrible!
We must do something.
The police are already aware, but the Kaito Kid is elusive,
he is a magician capable of disappearing at any moment.
I don't know if the police will be able to protect the painting.
No, that's not what worries me.
What will happen if, in the midst of all this commotion,
someone discovers that your painting...?
No one will find out.
They'll never know.
Takeyori, don't tell me that...
Yes, I couldn't think of a better idea.
Stop it, Takeyori.
This isn't right, what you're trying to do.
Do you really think you have the right to give me advice?
All this happened because of you, father, because of you.
If you're not willing to give in, I'll carry out my plan.
Mm?
(laughs)
Just kidding, man!
I just wanted to mess with you for a while.
A renowned artist like me, known all over the world,
can't afford this kind of thing.
-Was L'amenaça also a joke? -No.
I really received the threat.
But don't suffer.
Detective Mouri always manages to get the Kaito Kid
to let his prey escape.
And all thanks to the help of a little boy who accompanies her everywhere.
I'm sure this little boy, Conan Edogawa,
will be able to protect my painting.
IN Kaito Kid AND THE 4 BIG PICTURES (PART ONE)
One question, Conan!
"This will be the third time you've faced en Kaito Kid."
Will he be able to win again? What questions!
This I won't know until we meet again, but I'm going to stop him.
We've already met more than 3 times.
Really?
He's had more duels than what's been in the papers.
Yes.
What's the trick to beating him?
This does not mean that I always win.
Conan's success is the fruit of the training
he receives every day alongside Kogoro Mouri.
Of course, the famous detective!
He and Conan are inseparable!
Mr. detective!
What are the odds of winning?
The odds of winning the most skilled thief in the world?
It is impossible!
But I can assure you that he will pass it lean.
-Aren't I funny? -That's all very good, very good.
-What the hell did you come here for? -What the hell did you come here for? -Inspector Nakamori!
This will be the scene of a robbery by the Kaito Kid.
You and en Megure are willing to prosecute at any cost!
Let me tell you, Inspector Nakamori, that I'm here...
because Mr. Oikawa, who received a letter...
threatening letter from the Kaito Kid, asked me to come.
-What? -Inspector.
Have you organized a surveillance device?
Why do you want a work of art, in Kid, if lately you only stole jewelry?

Is it possible that the threat letter is a fake?
No comment!
And now, I have to ask you to leave the scene of the crime.
What?
Mr. Oikawa's play "Azur" was scheduled to be performed live for a TV show, wasn't it?
to be presented live for a television program, right?
Yes, it looks like the painting is already finished,
and the artist will sign it live, right, Mr. Inspector?
Provided the Kaito Kid doesn't take it away first, of course.
What do you mean?
You talk as if the robbery was already a done deal.
No, and now...
Attention, from 8 p.m. onwards,
the time the thief has announced, I don't want to see anyone in there...
until we make sure that the painting is not in danger, okay?
I was waiting for you, Mr. Mouri.
I'm Takeyori Oikawa.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I hope it won't do you any harm that I came with my daughter and Conan.
If we're in the way, Conan and I can wait outside, the car.
And now!
Do not disturb step.
I trust you, Detective Mouri.
You're very kind.
Besides, they say this little guy has a way with thieves, don't they?
Come with me, I'll show you the workshop where I keep the Azur.
-This way, sisplau. -Takeyori.
We need to talk.
I'm sorry, but I don't have time now, father.
Later.
Is he your father?
He's my father-in-law, in Haruhito Kanbara,
father of my wife and my teacher.
His first name is Seiji, it may ring a bell.
It is the name of a famous painting of his!
He had an injury to his hand 10 years ago
and has not been able to pick up his brush again.
(Door, open)
(Door, open) -Come in.
The painting is here.
You have a fantastic workshop, sir.
It is noticeable that we are in Okutama.
We are surrounded by mountains and more mountains!
"Under the window there are five riot police."
"It looks pretty hard to get in this way."
"In Kid usually uses a hang glider.
"But all the windows seem to be closed."
-This is the controversial painting? -Yes, it's the Azure.
-May I contemplate it? -Don't uncover it, Mr. Mouri!
I don't like anyone to see my paintings
before they are completely finished.
I understand that only the signature is missing.
Well, in fact, I still want to make four retouches.
Ah.
Of course.
There are even plaster busts!
It looks like the drawing room in high school.
It's just that I do art classes in my studio one day a week.
You do? Is that a security camera?
Yes.
I installed it in a hurry when I got the threatening letter.
If you want, I can show you the images it records.
Let's go upstairs.
"There are two doors with two guards at each."
"Also, they have pinch marks on their cheeks."
"This means that Inspector Nakamori
"has checked that they're not wearing masks."
Everybody ready?
It's 30 minutes to the scheduled time.
Be alert and keep a watchful eye!
These are the images transmitted by the security camera?
You can see the picture perfectly from here,
but maybe one camera is not enough.
I knew there were cameras, but I imagined there would be more.
I'm sorry, maybe I didn't make myself clear.
Hey, why isn't there a security guard inside the workshop?
Because I refused it myself.
I don't want them trying to look at the painting, like Mr. Mouri.
My agents are all trustworthy.
Anyway, it's better to have only one camera than none at all.
By the way, would you mind disconnecting the security camera for a moment?
-How? -I'd like to examine the painting.
-It'll only take ten minutes.
B-But it's already half past seven.
-I'd take this transceiver.
I'll let you know as soon as I've finished examining the painting.
Well... All right, then.
Message received.
I've received orders to let you through, Mr. Oikawa.
-Thank you. Takeyori.
-Father! -Can I talk to you? -Can I talk to you?
I was just about to go into the workshop to check that everything is all right.
I told you I had a plan, too, son.
I'll finish right away.
We'll talk later.
Wait for me here, I won't be long.
- (crickets) Yes, I'll be late!
Massa and all.
What's he doing?
He's been inside for more than 10 minutes!
"I've already done all the checks, Mr. Inspector."
- "You can turn the camera back on." - All right, sir.
Turn it back on.

"Is everything OK? Are you receiving the images well?"
Yes, everything's fine, but you should be leaving the workshop by now.
"Yes."
Sorry to keep you waiting, Father.
I can't wait to see this painting
that the Kid is so interested in.
Yes.
It's part of a collection of four paintings.
A collection?
Red, the first one, is a flower.
The second, called Golden, is the moon.
The third, Alb, is a bird, and the Azur,
the last one and the one you want to steal from the Kid, is the wind.
Of course!
The elements of nature! I get it.
The 4 pictures together symbolize the beauty of nature.
Mr. Mouri, I can understand the flower, the moon and the wind.
But why is it a bird, the Alb? It is a crane.
They say that the painting shows a white crane in the middle of a snowy field.
The first 3 paintings were sold at an auction
for a great deal of money, and it is expected that the fourth and last one as well.
The light! A blackout!
Someone go and see what happened!
I'll go to the workshop upstairs.
Block the entrances and exits!
Yes, sir! You mean it's the Kid?
There's still more than 10 minutes to the scheduled time.
Father!
Are you all right?
-What's up?
What's happened? -Say something!
The circuit breaker went off while Mr. Kanbara was inside.
-Why did you let him in? -Why did you let him in? -He came in when I opened the door to go out.
He told me he didn't trust the police or the detectives,
that he would protect the painting with his own hands.
I thought it would be better if you convinced him,
I locked the door and went to ask for help.
-But the light suddenly went out.
It slipped while I was trying to open the door and I can't find it.
-Punyeta! -We have to burst the door.
(At the same time) One o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock!
What happened?
(At once) Damn it!
"He went out the window! Did you see anything?"
No, sir.
Just a boat full of paintbrushes fell out.
We didn't see anyone go in or out.
Look!
The painting has disappeared! What?
"Yes. They have taken our painting as if by magic."
Father!
Open your eyes, Father!
"They've also taken this man's life from us,
"lying in the middle of a pool of blood as red as a lotus flower."
Please, Father!
-In Kaito Kid has committed a homicide? In Kid had not killed anyone!
To know!
If the Kid has committed a murder, this report...
will be much longer than we thought.
Yes.
If we stall too long, it'll be daylight.
Kid, go to the mobile unit and get us a couple of sodas.
Yeah, all right.
I'll be right back.
Look out!
They're here!
Inspector Megure!
We've learned that there's been a murder in there.
Was it the Kaito Kid responsible?
Was there an error in the surveillance device?
I will make no statement, no comment.
Is it true that Mr. Oikawa's Azur painting is missing?
The police had not foreseen that the Kid could also be a murderer?
No comment! What is the current situation?
-Don't give us any answer! -Stop it!
Don't touch me!
The murder weapons have been a knife and a stun gun.
On the back of the neck of the corpse we have found taser marks.
We can deduce that the thief has noticed Mr. Kanbara
when he was stealing the painting and paralyzed her with a shock,
but was afraid she might identify him and stabbed her.
Any prints? On the taser, nothing.
But on the knife handle there were Mr. Oikawa's prints.
Could it have been him? No.
He couldn't have found someone in the dark who didn't know where he was
and killed him without light in such a short interval, I'm convinced.
Mr. Oikawa sensed Mr. Kanbara's scream,
he found her by chance groping around and,
when he put his arm around it to lift it up, he bumped into the knife.
Therefore, it is normal that there are his footprints.
When we broke down the door, the criminal stumbled...
with the brush jar and jumped out of the window.
So, the criminal was the workshop before the differential jumped.
I imagine that he slipped through the ventilation duct in the roof and, when the power went out, he jumped out the window,
and when the power went out, he pulled the device out and got in.
But how did he get the light out?

You have programmed the electrical appliances in the house with a timer
to switch them on simultaneously and it went off.
If we had investigated thoroughly, we would have discovered it before the crime,
but Mr. Oikawa received the threatening letter this morning,
and he didn't notify the police until last night, in fact.
So that means that the murderer sent the letter
when he had already made all the preparations.
Inspector, did anyone see the killer flee out the window?
No.
We suspected he might try to break in from the outside.
And we didn't shine much light in the window.
If we had, we would have indicated to the burglar...
that the painting was in this room.
All we found were these jars full of paintbrushes..,
which fell to the floor when the killer fled.
Mm... Take care of the rest, Megure.
Take a look at the camera images and find the criminal.
But we already know that the criminal is in Kid!
It's your responsibility.
This wasn't the Kid's doing.
He's a criminal, but he wouldn't kill anyone.
Inspector Megure, the images...
from the shop's security camera show nothing suspicious.
This image was recorded an hour before the crime.
This one is from when Mr. Oikawa went in to inspect the painting,
and this one is when the power came back on.
I understand that the image was cut off when the power went out,
but why are there no images of when Mr. Oikawa came in?
I myself have asked them to turn off the camera.
I have the feeling that if someone sees my paintings
before they are completely finished, the soul of the painting will vanish.
I am very superstitious in this regard.
According to what Inspector Nakamori explained to us,
Mr. Kanbara entered the workshop as you were leaving.
Yes, he told me that he didn't trust the police,
and that he wanted to protect the painting himself.
My father-in-law was stubborn, and since I couldn't get him to leave the workshop,
I decided to go to Inspector Nakamori for help.
I locked the door for security reasons.
As I was about to go downstairs, the power went out.
My father-in-law didn't answer and I tried to open the door.
I accidentally dropped the key and couldn't find it in the dark.
I understand.
Then, in Nakamori, currents came.
And, with the watchman, he broke the door of the workshop.
-Don't you think it's a bit strange? -Strange?
When Mr. Oikawa finished inspecting the painting,
he spoke into the transceiver;
although the picture has no sound,
here you were asking Inspector Nakamori to reconnect the camera to the
to reconnect the security camera, right?
Yes, I was.
Why didn't you alert the inspector on the transceiver
when Mr. Kanbara entered the shop?
Look, my father-in-law said he didn't want anyone to disturb us,
and that's why he took the transceiver from me.
Is it true, they found the device among the clothes
that Mr. Kanbara was wearing, Inspector Megure?
M-m.
That's what could have happened.
When the power went out, Mr. Kanbara...
suspected that the painting would be stolen and hid it somewhere.
As far as I know, the workshop has many cupboards full of paintings.
This is impossible, because when I went in to examine the painting, I locked all the cabinets and locked them,
I locked all the cupboards to make sure that in the KID
could not hide any part if he came in to steal.
And where is the key? It was the other key.
The one I dropped on the floor when the lights went out.
Later I found it in the hallway.
The coroner took it with him.
Could it be that someone had opened the door taking advantage of the power outage
and had entered the workshop on the sly?
No way.
Before the blackout, the two riot police...
who were guarding each of the doors
checked that they were absolutely locked.
A key is no obstacle to the KID.
Inspector Nakamori told his men that, if the power went out, they should grab the handles of the doors,
to grab the door handles and not let them go for nothing.
Therefore, the only valid explanation of the facts is the following:
when the power went out, someone entered the workshop from the roof,
killed Mr. Kanbara, who was inside, stole the painting and fled.
To what extent can we be sure that the murderer was the KID?
Let's not jump to conclusions.

Apparently, in KID he has not committed any crime of homicide.
He should not have been able to stand it any longer.
Oh, my goodness!
Why do you have such a bad opinion of the Kid?
Me?
You want me to dedicate a poem to him?
In Kaito Kid is the enemy of the police!
You, on the other hand, Sato, do you have any reason to support him?
Oh!
How dare you insinuate something like that?
Is there no way to check if the threatening letter was genuine?
The KID usually signs his letters with a drawing.
Each time he makes a new one, but his imitators just...
copying or tracing the drawings that appear in the newspapers and on television,
so that we know immediately if they are authentic or fake.
However, according to Inspector Nakamori, this time?
it's not a copy, but an unpublished drawing.
That's why we've come to the conclusion that it's authentic.
So a good artist would have had no trouble...
to imitate the style of the Kid: A comic book artist,
a simple illustrator... or a painter.
Eh? Don't talk nonsense, Conan!
It was just an example.
I wouldn't know how to draw this little doll that looks like it came out of a comic book,
but if you're interested in my opinion as a professional,
I have to tell you that this drawing looks authentic.
I agree with you.
The bad thing is Kid.
After all, he's a bad guy.
You are right.
I need your intelligence to catch this bad guy.
- (mobile: ringing) -Excuse me a moment?
- (mobile: ringing) -It's the other one.
Do you have two cell phones, Mr. Oikawa?
Yes.
One is work and the other is personal.
Mm... There's one with a bloodstain on it.
It's just that I used this one to tell my family
the sad news, after I hugged my father-in-law's body.
It must have stained then.
Yes, hello, tell me?
I'm busy right now.
Would you mind calling a little later?
Excuse me, I'd like to change my clothes.
I feel a bit uncomfortable all bloodstained.
Before you change, may I search you just in case?
No need, Inspector Nakamori has already searched me.
From head to toe.
(laughs)
"I'll go back to look for the real thing."
Kaito Kid!
Ah...
Does anyone know what's in this suitcase?
Don't touch it!
If we open it without permission, our hair will fall out!
Hey, kid.
May I have a moment?
What's the matter? Something's got me curious.
It's in your pocket, kid.
There's something stuck to it.
Oh, my goodness!
What is it? What is it? Look, it's a letter!
It's from the Kaito Kid! This was a great discovery!
I'm sure the Kid put it in your pocket before committing the crime.
Yes!
I'll notify the police right away.
It's the proof that proves it was the Kid!
Is that what you wanted to hear? What?
"Now I understand everything: he thought that, as I am a child,
"I'll try to convince the others that it was the Kid."
"That's why he had me come expressly."
"But if Mr. Oikawa were the author of this note," he said,
"He would have left it at the scene of the crime."
"That means he found it when he went to change his clothes."
"I don't think Inspector Nakamori would have overlooked
"A detail like this when he searched her."
"Therefore, whoever put this letter in Mr. Oikawa's clothes...
"It was one of the four inspectors who came in after the search was done."
"I assure you that I will unmask you today, Kaito Kid!"
"And I'll do it under the golden light of this full moon!"
We haven't come to any conclusions yet,
but in Kaito Kid is the prime suspect.
But if in Kid was the killer we are looking for,
he should be far away from here by now.
Listen, I just came up with something that can serve as a clue.
Shall we do a little experiment? "It must be this way."
"I've got it!"
Don't miss the next episode,
"On Kaito Kid and the 4 big pictures, part 2."
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

