Whatever happens, I will always be by your side!
A mysterious room, the truth about the 4 big pictures.
What will be the outcome of this new confrontation with the Kaito Kid?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he is... detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"The goal of in Kaito Kid was to steal a painting called Azur,
"the last of the four great works by the famous painter Takeyori Oikawa."
"Mr. Oikawa had us come to the house to prevent the theft."
"Suddenly, in spite of the security camera.
"The painting has disappeared from a locked workshop."
"Also, old Haruhito Kanbara, Mr. Oikawa's father-in-law,
"and a very influential figure in the world of landscape painting,
"We found her dead."
IN Kaito Kid AND THE 4 BIG PAINTINGS.
PART TWO.
(Crickets)
Can we confirm that the murderer of Mr. Kanbara
was in Kaito Kid, Inspector?
We haven't come to any conclusion yet,
but the Kaito Kid is the prime suspect we have.
Mr. Oikawa, will you repaint the Azur,
the missing painting to complete the collection of natural elements?
The no is obvious.
I won't paint it again.
I will never do it again.
That's why I would like to send a message to the thief Kaito Kid.
That you return the painting you have stolen from me,
and my father-in-law's life, too!
Hello!
Question.
Did you see anything strange when Inspector Megure
and others have arrived?
Anything strange?
Come to think of it...
They had to take a colleague to the hospital because he was exhausted.
It seems to me that he was from Nichiuri TV.
"I thought so! There's an imposter among the 4 inspectors."
Something else.
Have you seen any suspicious bags?
Like a suitcase big enough to hold a person.
I don't recall seeing anything like that.
If you find it, would you mind calling me discreetly on my cell phone?
I'd be fine.
But why should we call you?
Mr. Mouri suspects that the KID might have infiltrated
the police disguised as an agent.
Are you serious?
If my cell phone rings, the Kid will get suspicious.
I'll talk to Mr. Kogoro.
Ja I understand.
Did Detective Mouri send you to ask us
what Mr. Kanbara looked like before he came in?
M-m, the detective wants to know if it's true that Mr. Kanbara
said he wanted to protect the painting before entering.
No;
while Mr. Oikawa was in the workshop examining the painting,
his father-in-law waited for him at the door and came in
when Mr. Oikawa was leaving.
I guess they must have talked about protecting the painting
when they were already inside the workshop.
We tried to stop Mr. Kanbara from entering,
but Mr. Oikawa assured us that they would be done in no time.
We didn't imagine that Mr. Kanbara would lock himself in the room and refuse to come out.
and refused to come out.
Besides, right after that, the circuit breaker went off,
the burglar entered through the ceiling duct,
stole the painting and killed Mr. Kanbara.
Did Mr. Oikawa look normal
when he went out and left Mr. Kanbara inside?
Were his clothes stained with blood, for example?
No.
When he left the workshop, his clothes were clean.
But could he have committed the murder with his clothes inside out?
I would say no;
Inspector Nakamori searched them immediately.
But he only had blood stains on the outside of his coat.
On the inside and on the shirt under the coat, there was no trace of blood.
there was no trace of blood.
It is evident that he had stained his shirt when he entered the workshop
with the police, he groped around,

and casually found the body of Mr. Kanbara.
It was stained with blood when he embraced her.
What if it wasn't a coincidence?
You also went in with the police, you know.
Remember that the workshop was in the dark and Mr. Oikawa
didn't and couldn't know where his father-in-law was.
Without light, there's no way he could have found him and slit his throat.
Mm, ah...
Which door did Mr. Oikawa knock on when the light went out?
He knocked on the other door, didn't he?
I understand that, when he left Mr. Kanbara,
he went out that door;
then,
why did he go and knock on the other door?
Well... Mr. Oikawa went to ask the inspector for help,
and when he jumped the differential, he was passing in front of the other door.
He had to pass in front of the second door.
Come to think of it, while Mr. Oikawa was inside examining the painting,
I thought he was talking to the guards at the other door.
Yes, we were talking.
Mr. Oikawa wanted to make sure that the police had really
had really disconnected the security camera.
He opened the door a little bit and asked us to check,
so I checked and confirmed it with a trick on the door.
With a trick?
Why didn't he just warn her directly to him, face to face?
I guess he didn't want us to see the unfinished painting
through the crack in the door that was ajar.
Has he said anything to you, the coroner?
In fact, there are two details that have caught his attention.
The first is the strange shape of the bloodstain on Mr. Kanbara's sweater, at the same height as the bloodstain.
had on his sweater, at chest level.
The second is a curved mark at the base of his thumb.
From the bloodstain the coroner believes that, when his neck was cut, Mr. Kanbara must have twisted his neck,
Mr. Kanbara must have twisted his arm and stained his chest,
but he did not know the origin of the thumb mark.
I know that!
It could be that... Conan!
Don't bother people anymore, it's time to go home.
Yes, man!
But we haven't caught the Kid yet!
This is police work.
The kids have to go to sleep.
Don't be selfish.
Mm.
If the crime had been the Kid's doing, he would have fled by hang glider.
That's why we haven't formed a police cordon.
That's right.
We could only calculate the escape routes.
Doesn't that seem a little strange to you?
Even though the house was surrounded by cops,
none of them saw any escapees.
Maybe they didn't see anything because the window wasn't sufficiently illuminated.
Anyway... The Kid's hang glider is white, right?
It can't have disappeared and not been seen by anyone running away.
That's right!
He's a magician!
He doesn't do magic but he's an expert in sleight of hand,
he knows all kinds of tricks, right, Conan?
That's why... Shut up!
Don't wind him up, you.
Ah.
Of course...
If we assume he's used a trick to get away,
don't catch him until we find out what it is.
Speaking of tricks, something just occurred to me...
that might give us a clue;
let's do a little experiment?
To start, we need some newspaper and an empty glass.
Then we wrap the glass with a sheet of newspaper.
Then we wrap the glass with a sheet of newspaper.
We lift it up little by little,
and leave it in the middle of the table.
Hop!
How strange!
The glass is gone!
Oh!
What are you trying to pull my leg?
It's an old sleight of hand!
You've wrapped the glass and dropped it in his lap while you were lifting it,
but the newsprint has kept its shape.
This trick was done with classmates during the New Year's Eve dinner.
Yes, my father told me about it.
And also the one who used to do it.
That's irrelevant!
What does this trick have to do with our murder and robbery case?
Yes, what I wanted to say is that in Kid...
could have disappeared in a similar way.
Oh!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Don't worry about it.
It was a cheap wedding present I got 40 years ago.
Oh!
What a mess!
Don't touch it, this;
even if it doesn't look like it,
these crystals can be a litmus test!
Understood.
Excuse me, where is your wife? She died 5 years ago.
Just after she finished painting the Alb,
the third painting in the collection of natural elements.
15 years ago, my wife went on a trip abroad.

There she was hit by a tornado and suffered
injuries that left her in a coma.
Wasn't it also 15 years ago when she presented the painting called Roig,
which was the first of her collection?
Yes.
It was a year after the accident.
I painted the painting to pay for the hospital expenses.
The painting was valued at a great fortune
and my fame began to grow.
Until then, I had lived on the income from art classes.
- (mobile: ringing) - May I?
Excuse me, it's a call from my brother.
Endavant.
Continue searching.
-I'm sure it's still there, I just don't see myself.
Do you want me to enlighten you?
The fragments will glow and we'll find them right away.
What?
Are you here on behalf of detective Mouri?
Yes, he asked me to ask you...
if he's seen anything else fall out of the workshop window.
The truth is that the only thing we found
were the two cans and a few paintbrushes.
There is something else.
We also found this fishing line.
Near here there is a lake, that's why we thought...
that it must have been lost by some fisherman in the area.
"There's about 7 meters of line."
"At one end there's a ring,
"And at the other end is a deformed hook."
"I have no doubt about it! The criminal used this fishing line."
"Then, the other proof I have come for must be here."
"I have it!"
"A stone with a hole in it."
(Mobile: rings)
"Hey, kid."
We found the suspicious suitcase you said.
"Really?" Yes.
It was next to Nichiuri's mobile unit.
Inspector Chiba is inside, sleeping like a log.
You didn't wake her up? "No."
"We tried to get him out of the suitcase, but the zipper is stuck."
"Only his head comes out." Got it.
I'll tell Detective Mori so he can.
Conan!
What are you doing?
The Ran is looking for you.
Hello, Takagi.
Inspector Chiba, it's at the house, it's at the Kaito Kid.
What's that? They've found the real Chiba.
This is terrible! Wait, wait, wait!
Not yet.
What? The Azur painting is in the house. The Azure painting is in the house.
Why don't you try to find it, Takagi?
You want to try?
You mean the Azure is still in the house?
If the Kid broke into the workshop and stole it!
The Kid didn't take the painting.
That's why I ask you to look for it.
I'm sure you'll find it.
Jo?
Understood.
Mr. Kogoro!
I'm here! It's about time!
It's about time to go home!
The Kid must have already escaped a long time ago.
Conan!
Conan, go!
Let the police do their job!
It won't be necessary for the police to investigate any further.
I've solved the case.
Ran, go tell Inspector Megure.
Watch carefully.
Before you is the Azure painting.
It's fishing line!
It's just a sheet stretched with fishing line!
It's the trick that Inspector Takagi taught us earlier.
When we see the newsprint in the shape of the glass,
it looks like a real glass.
In the same way, if we spread a sheet over an easel, it looks like there is a painting underneath, a painting, a painting, a painting, a painting, a painting, a painting, a painting,
it looks like there is a painting underneath, an optical effect that is easy to achieve.
To begin with, we make a loop at one end of the fishing line...
and make it reach the door.
Then, we tie the loop in the door lock and close it.
Next, we pass the fishing line over the trestle...
and through the two jars of paintbrushes..,
placed one on top of the other.
In this way, the fishing line crosses the entire room,
and connects the door with the window.
Next, we attach a hook to the other end of the fishing line,
we glue it to a stone where we have made a hole,
so that the stone hangs and tightens the thread.
If we extend a sheet to the fishing line and above the easel,
we already have the Azur painting.
The only thing that was missing was that someone burst the door
when there was the blackout.
-Go ahead! Yes!
One, two, and three!
When the door is opened, the fishing line is unhooked and the stone, which was hanging out of the window, pulls the line,
which was hanging out of the window, pulls the line.
The loop at the end of the fishing line
drags the end of the sheet and pulls it over the trestle.
In addition, the line knocks over the boats,
which collide with the window and open it.
Boats and brushes fall with the stone and the fishing line,

and end up next to the riot police guarding the garden.
Two of the jars of paintbrushes are left on the window sill,
so that, when the police burst through the door and enter,
it looks like someone has stolen the painting, tripped over the jars,
and fled out the window.
Who set it up and when did they do it?
It was when Mr. Oikawa had the security camera disconnected to inspect the
the security camera to inspect the painting.
It can't be! Yes.
The person who faked the theft of a painting that didn't exist
and murdered Mr. Kanbara is... Mr. Oikawa.
You are the suspect we are looking for.
Yes, sir, that's you.
While you were in the workshop examining the painting,
you left the door ajar to talk to the riot police,
and you insisted that no one could see the painting.
If you had not opened the door, you would not have been able to place the fishing line in the lock...
the fishing line in the lock at all.
What's wrong, Mr. Mouri?
I didn't want the security guards to look because I don't like
anyone to see my unfinished paintings.
Besides, my father-in-law has entered the workshop of his own free will.
Why should he have died?
He only wanted to protect the painting!
That's a lie!
Mr. Kanbara didn't say he wanted to protect the painting.
Your father-in-law told him more than once that he wanted to talk to you,
and he made you nervous.
He invited you to come into the workshop so that we could talk quietly alone.
After Mr. Kanbara came in,
he paralyzed you with a shock of the electric pistol
and waited until the scheduled time for the blackout,
which occurred while he was pretending to be looking for Inspector Nakamori.
After a moment, he entered the workshop with Inspector Nakamori and the police.
and the police, approached Mr. Kanbara, who was unconscious, and stabbed him with a knife,
unconscious, and plunged the knife into his neck.
This is what happened.
Ha-ha-ha.
This is quite impossible.
I'm sorry to tell you, but the workshop was dark...
and I wasn't carrying a flashlight.
I'll prove to you that you could have done it even if there was no light.
- (mobile: ringing) - (all) Oh!
- (all three) Oh!
Thanks to your cell phone.
He left the cell phone on Mr. Kanbara's unconscious body,
called and, when the screen lit up,
you easily located him.
When the police burst through the door,
the jars of paintbrushes fell and caught the attention of the police,
so that the ringing of the phone went unnoticed.
Mr. Oikawa, you acknowledged that you had two cell phones,
one white and one black, personal and work.
You represent that the cell phone you used to call the family
right after the murder, the white one, was the personal one.
However, a little later,
he received a call from his brother on the black cell phone.
Isn't this blood-stained white cell phone yours, Mr. Oikawa?
I imagine you must have deleted the call log,
but the police can easily find out who the phone belongs to
and who was called when the power went out.
Indeed, this is my father-in-law's cell phone.
I have left it in the chest of that old wretch
so that I could find it later, in the dark.
Miserable? He was.
He forced me to paint the Azur, a painting related to the wind,
the element guilty of my wife's death.
Your wife was killed by a tornado.
Why did he decide to paint a collection of 4 paintings
related to the elements?
Do you want me to tell you something?
The snow, the moon and the flowers symbolize the beauty of nature.
Yes.
The first one, Red, is a flower.
The second painting, Gold, is the moon.
And the third, Alb, wasn't a crane in the middle of a snowy field,
it was just a winter landscape.
In fact, with the first 3 paintings the collection was already complete.
But my father-in-law promised to the millionaire who bought
the Red and Gold that if he also kept the Alb
at a higher price, we would sell him a fourth painting called Azur.
He invented a fake collection of 4 paintings
based on the elements of nature.
Even if it was to pay for my wife's hospital,
that seemed too cruel to me.
When she died and I was left with nothing,
I felt unable to draw a painting of the wind.

After much thought, I came up with this simple trick,
but my father-in-law said that if I did it, he would carry out his plan.
His plan? He threatened to reveal everything!
Everyone would have known that the Azure did not exist and that it was I myself,
who wrote Kaito Kid's letter.
I should have lost my prestige as a painter and then
my brilliant artistic career would have ended for good.
I do not agree.
I would say that Mr. Kanbara's plan was quite different.
-Takagi! -What's that you're wearing?
Oh, my goodness! It's the Azure.
A painting that shows the early summer wind
moving the green leaves of the trees.
The difference with the other 3 is that the author is a master of landscape painting, in Haruhua
is a master of landscape painting, in Haruhito Kanbara.
My father-in-law had a hand injury, he could not paint!
He hadn't noticed the mark that Mr. Kanbara
had on his left thumb, which he used to hold the palette.
In the safe in Mr. Kanbara's room, where the painting was, I found some paints,
where the painting was, I found brushes with teeth marks.
This has made me think that Mr. Kanbara held the brushes between his teeth
the brushes between his teeth and painted with his mouth.
He must have tried very hard to imitate his style.
Why didn't he tell me? I couldn't tell anyone.
As good as the painting was, it was a fake, someone else had painted it.
If it had come to light,
I would have lost credibility and prestige forever.
My God!
What have I done?
Mr. Oikawa, the Azure is not a perfect painting.
You can tell it was painted with your mouth.
But I really like the way it turned out.
It's not very different from the three previous paintings,
because it was also born from the will to help someone else.
Takagi! Hello!
You were about to spread your wings and fly out the window?
Or am I imagining it? How did you discover me?
By elimination.
You didn't know that Inspector Megure was playing sleight of hand
at the end-of-the-year dinners in high school.
Therefore, Inspector Megure was genuine.
Inspector Sato, who did know, was also genuine.
Inspector Chiba, sleeping inside a suitcase, was also innocent.
It was suspicious that you had left it in such an easy-to-find place.
Besides, you had jammed the zipper so that no one could discover
your true identity.
It turns out that the man sleeping in the suitcase was Inspector Takagi,
who was wearing a mask of Inspector Chiba.
It was a trap so he could escape by taking advantage of the confusion.
But deep down I'm grateful to you: The sleight of hand...
has given me the ultimate clue to unravel this case.
They don't deserve it.
White magic tricks are my specialty.
But...
this time you'll come up empty-handed.
Your indictment will just be a blank piece of paper.
Like this girl's... of this girl.
Conan!
What the hell...?
Oh, boy!
Now you'll see!
Miserable!
It was the Kaito Kid!
He had disguised himself as Inspector Takagi!
"How strange!"
"I could have sworn that the ball I shot touched her."
What happened?
Please go upstairs and do your pants up, Father!
You bastard...
Don't brake!
The car can't stop!
You have to keep running!
Ran, can you open up? It's locked too!
Alert!
Inspector Megure!
Retreat!
You have to step aside!
"Stop without stopping... I've got it!"
Don't miss the next episode, "The out-of-control rental car."
("Shiroi yuki")

Orenji iro tomoshita heya no mado,
kazoku no warai ga kikoeru.
Kouen Door kaerimichi Shiawase ni suru to chikatta....
Shiroi yuki mada koko ni Kioku no Toge
kanashimi ga nukenai no ima mo Zutter!
Shiroi yuki oboeteru ano yakusoku
haku ikigoto ni... Anata wo omou.
Anata wo omou...

