Whatever happens, I will always be by your side!
A surprising truth, camouflaged between red signs,
comes to light again at the age of 10!
Always discover the truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!
Donna toki mo
tsunagatteru... mira ni!
Tokubetsu na omoide yori nanigenai shigusani hikareteru
tada aitakute kotoba ni shinakya Fuan Dayo
Donnan kitsuku dakiattatte
Hitotsu ni nante narenai shi kimochi wa dekinaishi netenete!
Isougashi toki hodós aitaku naru Nowa nande Darou?
Kyou no kotae ga Ashita wa chigau toshitemo Futari wa kawarazuni!
Issyun mo Eien mo Zutter mitsumete itai,
aishite itai yumemite itai shinjite IATA!
Yawarakana kumo ni notte
Kyou wa kimi wo Zutter kanjiteru.
Nagaredasu amai kumo ni notte,
kimi wa Doko ni iru no!
Furikaeru tono nani mo nai
sora Nanon aa natsukasiinoyo!
Donna toki mo!
Donna toki mo!

"Professor Kobayashi has found a leather purse.
"Hidden in the library; inside was a note....
"that Ran wrote when she was in first grade.
"It all started 10 years ago."
"A mysterious stranger,
"who called himself 'Shinichi's little brother'..,
"gave us a coded message in the school library...
"And challenged us to search for a treasure.
- (both) "The seal..." - "...of Okuho disappears."
(Man) "With hoarse voice, you taste loneliness."
THE ADVENTURES OF YOUNG Shin'ichi Kudō.
PART TWO.
Even though "Okuho" refers to the Okuho neighborhood
and is the name of a place, I don't understand anything that comes after it.
What if they were sore throat lozenges?
I say that because of the hoarse voice.
No, this would be too obvious.
-And what was the solution? -Don't make our heads dance anymore!
Calm down, try to focus only on the first sentence, which reads:
"Okuho's seal disappears".
I got it!
The message refers to a supermarket!
-What do you mean?
What do you mean? -What's the advertisement in the newspaper?
Y... Why? We were looking for red stuff, weren't we?
The father says that the mother gets us out of the red.
The supermarket advertisement is full of red numbers.
You're wrong.
Red numbers are not red.
It's an expression used
whenever you spend more money than you make.
The disappearing stamp could be the ticket to be scratched.
Make a stamp disappear...
A postmark?
Was it a postmark?
Yes.
La Ran guessed it.
Ten years ago, his friend Shinichi guessed it too,
What?
To the Okuho post office?
So, have you been able to decipher the clue, Shinichi?
Yes.
Only halfway.
The stamp must refer to a postage stamp.
And to make it disappear, you need...
Sure, a postmark, the stamp that's printed...
on top of the stamps so that they can't be used anymore!
That's why you want to go to the post office.
People who work at the post office don't have hoarse voices, do they?
No.
I haven't deciphered the second part of the message yet.
We'll take the frame out when we get to the post office.
Huh?
How do you know? It's the same thing we've done so far.
First, we start by figuring out the location,
then we go over there, look for something red,
and finally we find the next clue.
The first red object, the fire hydrant.
The second one was the traffic light.
And if we go to the post office, we also find something red.
"Red things make me go crazy."
I've got it!
A mailbox!
It sure is a red mailbox!
That's right!
What do you mean!
That Shinichi has returned to carry the Ran?
Yes.
With our neighbor, Dr. Agasa.
They had to go... at Haido Harbor.
At Haido Harbor?
But there was a murder last night!
It's no big deal, Eri.
I heard that the police solved the case this morning.
Besides, children are curious,
and there's nothing wrong with them going out on adventures
adventures when they have a party, instead of staying cooped up at home,
playing on the computer or watching TV.
If you want me to tell you the truth, I am very grateful to your daughter.
If it wasn't for Ran, our son would spend the day in the room.
But it was Shinichi who took the Ran!
Nothing will happen to them, don't exaggerate!
You're always so carefree, Yukiko!

You seem to live in another world.
By the way, Yusaku, yesterday we received...
a call from the police yesterday asking for you.
They wanted to thank you for your cooperation.
Because thanks to you they were able to protect the jewels.
Ah.
They must have meant the other day,
when you went after that thief, right, Yusaku?
That's right;
to be exact...
we should say that he escaped right under our noses.
But why did they call home, Eri?
It looks like they tried to call him here, but we didn't answer.
- (coughs) -Confess, Yusaku!
Did you unplug the phone cord again?
It wasn't long before the deadline and I needed to stay focused.
Anyway, if you see the children, tell my daughter...
to come home immediately.
Eri!
You're leaving already?
Sorry, I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Next week is my first trial, and I have a lot to prepare.
Of course you do!
It's your first trial as a lawyer.
Have a good one!
Thank you!
But, since it's my first case, I'm likely to lose.
I'll come and ask you to console me!
Anytime!
By the way, didn't you tell me that you also had a meeting with I don't know who?
-Me? -Yes, woman.
You had an appointment with the magician who taught you how to prepare your papers.
Wow!
I forgot all about it!
He promised to help me write an article!
It was today!
Hey, Shinichi.
We've already found the mailbox, but there's nothing here.
That's strange.
I was convinced we'd find it here.
Maybe before we came here, we should have found
the solution to the second part of the riddle.
Hello!
The diary!
What, how's it going?
The cuckoo sounds and here comes no one. The cuckoo?
What is a cuckoo? A cuckoo clock.
It's the school one!
Come on, Mouri!
Eh?
Mouri?
Hey, Shinichi!
I'm calling you!
You bore!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Don't call me by name at school!
You're embarrassing me.
But your name is Shinichi everywhere!
I want you to call me "Kudo".
I also call you by your paternal surname, "Mouri".
What? Someday we'll stop being children.
And adults don't call each other by their first names.
Okay, Mouri?
It must be around school.
But there doesn't seem to be anything stuck here.
Look hard, there must be something!
It's not as easy as it looks.
There is something stuck here!
Of course, they have taken into account that it was a set of tracks for children
and they've stuck it down so we can get to it.
What does it say here?
There are only symbols!
(Agasa) Mm.
Can't you read them either?
The first two symbols read "Beika".
If it has to do with the previous messages it must be Beika's neighborhood.
Could it be Chinese?
The two symbols after "Beika" form the word "China", right?
You are right, but it doesn't mean that the message is written in Chinese.
Is there a Chinese language school in the Beika neighborhood, Agasa?
I would say no.
There is a university, but there are no Chinese academies.
Also, we don't know why the last symbol...
is the only one with a square around it.
Let's see?
Oops!
Where have I seen it, this symbol?
Ran! Father!
May I know what are you both doing here?
Look, Mr. Mouri, everything has an explanation.
The doctor has prepared a game of clues for us
and we were playing a treasure hunt, weren't we, doctor?
-Yes, of course, that's right.
A-a treasure hunt?
And what are you doing here, father? I'm here on business.
The criminal we arrested this morning
had been a civil servant at the post office in this neighborhood,
and the inspector and I wanted to ask them some questions.
I liked to solve mysteries when I was a child, too.
My friends and I played robbers and cops all day long.
But this clue is too difficult and we don't understand it.
Let's see?
Maybe I can help you.
As you wish.
But think it's too difficult.
Don't talk nonsense, kid!
We are researchers!
For us, solving this kind of childish riddles
is a piece of cake!
Eh?
Mm!
Hey, Mouri.
I hope you found the solution.
I really don't understand anything.
You've left me in awe, Dr. Agasa!

That's a very well done guess, yes sir!
This means you have no idea.
Inspector Megure!
What do you say, let's meet tonight and have a little game?
Yes!
I was thinking it's been a while since we've played.
Well, seeing this encrypted message,
I felt like playing mahjong.
Well, we had the same idea! "Mahjong?"
Listen to me, Ran!
Don't be late for dinner, got it?
Yes!
Shinichi, this is a game called "mahjong" that comes from China.
It's very similar to a card game.
You have to draw out all your tiles to form combinations.
The fundamental characteristic is that, like poker,
mahjong allows you to have a full hand.
According to the rules, the basic tiles, tonba and Nanba,
are called ba, which allow you to control the game.
Ba? what?
Mahjong?
You mean this puzzle has something to do with mahjong?
Yes.
Read the message as if it were a mahjong game.
Is it true that the third symbol and the last one correspond exactly
correspond exactly to two mahjong tiles,
but the other symbols have nothing to do with each other.
The first two symbols must refer to Beika's neighborhood,
like the previous clues.
The last symbol, which is surrounded by a square,
is one of the basic mahjong tiles.
They are called tonba and Nanba, right?
The next two symbols are the yaku or "13 orphans" move,
when you get a combination of number tiles, from 1 to 9.
And what does the symbol in the middle mean?
There is a tile with this symbol called dora.
If it refers to the play of the 13 orphans, it is called machi.
Eh?
Machi?
Now, try to read all these symbols in a row.
Machi... yaku... ba.
This means "city hall"!
That's right!
But there is no town hall in the Beika district.
It must refer to a city hall office.
Yes.
Come on, let's go!
Nothing, nothing at all.
Strange!
It's nothing.
There's no red object here, Shinichi.
Oh, it's getting late.
Shinichi.
What do you say we go back home and leave it until tomorrow?
Tomorrow is also a holiday and we can continue searching all day.
Tomorrow is a holiday?
Of course it is!
Today is also a holiday!
What is it?
Yes, but what do you mean by that?
On holidays, there's usually a flag at the town hall.
Fi?
Oh! It's written in English?
Actually it's only two letters of the Latin alphabet, the "s" and the "w".
But I don't understand why there's an arrow in the middle.
But the word "fin" will mean that this is the last clue.
And the "s" and "w" mean something, as they are written?
"S" and "w" and... Oh, and so much!
They are directions, cardinal points!
The "s" refers to the south, and the "w" means "west",
which in English, means "west".
So, this clue tells us that we have to go south-west?
Maybe all it means is that we look in this direction,
that we turn west.
So, if south is there, west is... here.
Oh, that's nice!
Mystery solved!
I think I get it now.
I know who the person was who set up this set of clues.
Who was it? My father.
He must have asked some friend of his to prepare all the clues
and he made us come here to show us the sunset.
The reason is quite simple, he did it because he doesn't like...
that I spend the day cooped up at home, doing nothing but read and read and read.
But the stranger who gave him the first clue
in the school library you found him by chance,
the night you sneaked in.
We went there because a messenger who had come to the school to deliver an order
an order explained to the Sonoko that there was a ghost.
Maybe it was the clue game that set us up.
He sure is clever!
He deduced that if he told a friend of Ran's you would end up knowing about it.
Since you like mysteries, you'd probably go investigate.
That's right.
It means my father made us go where he wanted us to go.
Yes.
But it was worth it.
Thanks to him, we were able to see this beautiful sunset.
Yes.

I hate to admit it, but I agree with you, Ran.
Oh! Oops, sorry, Mouri.
Stop it!
Call me Ran!
I'd rather you call me Ran!
Just... if you want.
Well... if you'd rather I call you Ran, it doesn't cost me anything.
Really? I'm so happy, Shinichi!
I'm so happy, Shinichi!
Ouch!
Stop it at once!
Now I have to thank your father for that.
We should rather thank my father's friend,
who is the one who prepared the clues and must be close by.
What? How?
Someone has followed us here? Yes.
So he could show us the sunset,
he must have followed us from the beginning.
The poor guy didn't know how long it would take us to solve the clues.
Of course, he followed us closely to keep track of time...
and go to prepare the next clue as soon as we
we managed to decipher a message.
The goal was to get us here,
any clue was valid if it led us.
Maybe it was your father himself who prepared the clues.
No, my father must be leaving the office and saying:
"I'm late", or something like that.
Hello, mysterious stranger!
I'm sure you're listening!
We'll leave you a thank you note
the purse you gave us;
will you come and get it?
We'll hide it behind the book of The Gentleman Thief
you were reading last night!
Come and get it!
That's why there is a note to the coin purse where it says:
"Thank you. Ran Mouri, from first A".
And that's the story, nois. It's a beautiful story!
But the book where I had hidden the coin purse...
It wasn't "The gentleman thief", was it?
I could see this coming.
In a library, books change shelves over the years.
The mysterious stranger did not return to the library
to retrieve the purse.
Even if the books have moved around,
I'm sure he remembered where it was in the beginning.
I suppose he did.
Clearly, whoever set up the game has run out of ideas.
Why did they run out of ideas?
The clues they found halfway through were very elaborate,
but the last one was a little strange.
How could they know they had to face west with only two letters?
"No! We were wrong!"
"If he had wanted to show us the sunset," she said,
"It would have only had the letter 'w'."
"There would have been no need for the 's' or the arrow."
"Then what did he mean by the two letters and the arrow in the middle?"
"And why was there a direction symbol only at the last clue?"
"A symbol!"
What are you doing now?
"The first clue had us going to the harbor."
"The next one,
"At the ruins of the castle;
"The lock..,
"The post office..."
"The school...
"The delegation of the town hall..."
These are the symbols used on the maps.
"On the track that led us to the post office,
"The word 'stamp' was encircled.
"The disappearing stamp... maybe that's what it meant?"
"The last clue, the one to the town hall,
"It was the only one that was written vertically."
"Perhaps it implied that we had to replace the symbols in the message...
"with these others.
"An 'S,' an arrow and a 'W.'
"He meant let's turn the message in a southwesterly direction, like this."
"Oxhide?"
"This means 'skin'! The purse!"
"I didn't know anything about all this!"
"I thought whoever had set up the set of clues had followed us!
We'll hide it behind the book of The Gentleman Thief!
Come and get it!
-What's up? What are you doing?
What is it, Conan? "Now I see, that's what it was all about!"
"It wasn't a children's treasure hunt."
"It wasn't for us! This clue game was for the father!"
"They thought I wouldn't know how to solve it and ask him for help."
"So what does everything that happened 10 years ago mean?"
Thank you very much for your help, Kuroba
- (sneezes) - Cheers!
Did you catch a cold?
No.
Someone is speaking ill of me.
After all, we magicians are swindlers...
who play on the naivety of our spectators.
Con men?
No big deal, man!
It's a pity that Mr. Kudo couldn't make it, today.

Although I have to admit that, deep down, I have taken a weight off my shoulders.
In front of him, my magic tricks are like mere houses of cards.
He discovers them in a jiffy!
It goes.
Don't be so humble.
You're the great Toichi Kuroba, one of the Seven Gentlemen I've met.
Ah, yes.
I've read your essay several times.
My wife loves it.
She does?
This is for you.
A very pretty lady.
Oh!
Stop it, Kaito!
Be quiet!
Gee, what a nice boy!
But listen to me, woe betide you if you even think of calling me "lady"!
I'm a lady!
Oh!
Since I haven't been able to see Mr. Kudo,
would you be so kind as to forward this to him?
A friend wrote him a letter a few days ago,
this is his address in case he wants to send the reply.
It was a letter of admiration for my husband, wasn't it?
Come to think of it, Yusaku wrote him a reply....
and asked me to bring it to you.
Anyway, I don't know if it can be considered a letter, rather....
Just a moment.
Is his reply an exclamation mark... and nothing else?
What do you mean?
Yes.
But... how did you know?
I expected nothing less from my dear godfather.
The letter my friend sent you was exactly... the same...
as Yusaku's answer: he had only drawn a symbol.
(laughs)
"Dear Yusaku Kudo."
"Kaito 1-4-1-2."
"Come to think of it, that day..."
The truth is that in Yusaku is the Kid's godfather.
A reporter wrote the numbers 1412,
in Yusaku mistook it for the letters K-I-D and read "Kid".
"You and I are brothers."
"Or rather I should say... I'm your little brother."
"That's why that day..."
(Kid) Can you catch me, next time?
"Yes, you bet!"
"So what did this exclamation mark mean?"
Who is this man coming out next to my mother?
Ran, your mother wasn't wearing a wedding ring, was she?
Then... He can't be!
Does she have a lover?
Let's follow her, Conan!
"A few wounds on her arms,
"And a few words spoken in tears."
"I've got it! It can only be one thing."
Don't miss the next episode!
"Lawyer Eri Kisaki's lover."
(I still believe Tameiki)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku kimi wa hoka ni INAI
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa.
Haa, I will be with you
haa, Shinjitai no
haa, tatoe donna nami ni sarawaresou
demo Aishiteru yo.

