The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, a soccer ball!
In Genta kicked a ball and has scored an unexpected goal!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and is the detective Conan!

(Shouting)
(whistle)
In Hide missed the penalty!
The Tokyo Spirits have fallen in the penalty shootout
of the Sunday Cup semifinals!
EN GENTA'S KILLER SHOT.
PART ONE.
Ah, what a disappointment!
Ah...
-There is not enough for so much.-Ah!
Ah!
(All) Ah!
(All) Ah!
Come on, guys!
Enough with the sighing!
Don't you look forward to me inviting you to eat cheesecake?
It's a matter of luck.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.
Yes, but...
How could he have missed the last penalty on Hide?
-Maybe he was feeling unwell - quite the opposite.
During the match, Hide scored a goal and made two assists.
He was feeling fine.
But players are also human.
It is obvious that he did not know how to withstand so much pressure.
Well, he is not as good as I thought.
I don't agree.
A certain Shiga, a superstar who plays in the Italian league,
said it very clearly.
"The only players who can miss a penalty kick
are the ones who shoot bravely, not the ones who don't shoot at all".
You're right, Conan!
People think it's easy to score from the penalty spot!
It doesn't mean he's a bad player.
Ah!
Anyway, they had two players like Hide and Naoki!
The Tokyo Spirits were on the verge of their sixth consecutive
their sixth consecutive victory, they were stronger than ever!
Why did they have to lose?
Ah!
You beast!
Woe betide you if you wreck my car!
Sorry, mate, it's just that this guy's favorite team...
just lost a game and he didn't take it very well.
Be careful!
-What about the ball?
Where did it go? -What are you telling me?
Genta, don't ever forget: the strongest don't always win...
But those who win are the strong ones.
This is my favorite phrase.
I'm very proud of it.
-And what do you want now? -Oh, it's very simple.
It turns out that, because of a naughty boy who kicked a ball,
my car got muddy and a bit dented.
I'm just an unlucky foreigner.
I'm very sorry, really, sir.
You have.
It's all right, kid.
Don't worry so much about it.
You said you were a foreigner?
He speaks Japanese very well!
Yes, I'm married to a Japanese woman.
When I fall in love with a person,
I end up loving their country and their country's language as well.
Since I got divorced once, it turns out that now,
I can speak 3 different languages well.
Wow!
"And what do you have to do to learn more languages? Divorce again?"
Sorry to interrupt this very interesting conversation,
but if we don't hurry, we'll run out of cheesecake.
Oh.
It's true!
Ah.
Cake?
Ten want to go to the bakery on the second floor of this building.
My wife also loves cheesecake.
That's why I came, me, to buy one.
On the second floor, you say?
I understood that the bakery was on the third floor.
You're right, it is the third floor.
- (mobile: ringing) -Huh?
Hello?
Hello?
I was about to call you.
Ah! (cell phone rings)
Excuse me.
It's a call from my ex-wife.
She wants to talk to me about our son's professional future,
but I can't feel her very well from here.
Sounds like a pretty important conversation.
Wouldn't it be better if you two talked face-to-face?
I don't think it's that easy.
I say that because this gentleman's ex-wife lives in England.
Oh!
How did you know that?
Because the phrase she said earlier,
"The strongest don't always win, but those who win are the strong ones,"
is a famous phrase of Franz Beckenbauer,
the "Kaiser" of German soccer.
He said that he likes these words, and that he is proud of them.
This makes me think he is German.
Yes, that's right.
The three languages he is fluent in, therefore, are German,
Japanese and English, because he was talking on the phone before.
If his current wife is Japanese,
I imagine he must have learned English from his ex-wife.
But he could also have learned English in America and not in England.
Impossible.

Because you have gone to the wrong floor before.
In America, the third floor is the third floor, as in Japan,
but in England the third floor is our second floor.
But why?
Isn't the second floor the same everywhere?
In America and in Japan, we call the first floor the second floor,
but in England they have the custom to say "first floor".
and their second floor here would be the second floor.
That is why I have been able to deduce that your ex-wife is British and lives in England.
is British and lives in England.
Are you sure, this child is as small as he looks?
What?
Oh, yes, he is.
Would you like us to bring you a piece of cheesecake, Mr. German?
Oh.
You'd be doing me a big favor.
I should call my ex-wife back and have a serious talk about it.
Would you mind buying me a cheesecake from the bakery?
And now!
But we were planning to stay for a snack right there.
So it might take us a while to get back.
Come on, let's hurry up Contactenos
-I won't come. Won't you come and have a snack with us?
My family's lost, I have nothing to celebrate.
I can't eat as if nothing happened!
-But Genta... Go and enjoy yourselves!
I don't feel like eating anything today.
Anyway, guys, leave him alone.
If you eat with someone who is in a bad mood, the food is bad for you.
Haibara!
If you don't want to come with us, wait in the car and keep an eye on him.
Yes.
Understood.
What's wrong with him?
He's not hungry?
He's so good!
It's just that...
I can't stop thinking about poor Genta, all alone.
Come on, come on!
Don't worry about him, he'll get over the displeasure.
Who ordered a cake to take away?
-Ah.
It's for me. Here it is, sir.
In the big box is the whole cake
that the German gentleman asked us for,
and in the small one there's a cut for Genta.
(At the same time) Ah!
Mm.
Finger-licking good!
"It has to be me! I have to score me!"
"I'll be much better than Hide and Naoki combined!"
"Thanks to me, the Tokyo Spirits will be invincible!"
Ah!
When en Genta tastes this cake, he's sure to be in a good mood.
What's your game?
Sorry, I'm-I'm in a hurry.
What a way to go through the world!
I hope the cake didn't get smashed.
"A driver's license?"
"Was it this man?"
(Man) Hurry up, we're in a hurry!
Oh, it hurts all over.
It's true, it's true!
I slipped and I've hit my head.
(Man) When will you fix this fucking machine?
I'm sorry, sir.
I don't know what's wrong with it lately, it's been jamming a lot.
In the end I'll have to break the barrier to get out of here, man.
-Don't test me! -I apologize, sir.
Gee, what a pain!
Where's the ball?
It's gone far!
Oh, it's over there!
It's over there!
Ah.
Here it is!
Eh? (Laughs)
Some legs?
If he lies here too long, this man will get cold.
(Genta: shout)
Genta!
Genta!
Hey!
Where are you, Genta?
-What happened, Genta?
Genta! -Genta!
Where did he go?
-Look!
It's here! -It's... it's... it's... it's dead! -It's dead!
What happened, Genta?
That foreign gentleman who asked us for the cake is dead!
He's what?
No, he's still alive, but he has a very weak pulse.
Doctor! Call an ambulance!
Call an ambulance and the police!
Hey, hey, hey!
What happened to her?
Tell us who attacked her?
Let him run, he's been hit in the left hemisphere...
and his speech is impaired;
we won't be able to make him talk.
It... it... was... him...
Who?
Where?
Was it me?
Was it me?
-It can't be! -Let's see, wait a minute.
Maybe he's pointing to something behind Genta.
Surely he's pointing out the key to solve this mystery.
That's why you should stand back a bit, to see what he's pointing at,
so we'll know what this gentleman is referring to.
How can that be?
I knew he was pointing at me!
E...
Ee... mm...
-My God! -Don't die, sir! -Don't die, sir!
Don't worry, it seems to me that he has only lost consciousness.
Although his condition is still very serious.
But now the most important thing is to find out
why he has pointed at Genta, this good man.

Hey, Genta, did you see anyone that caught your attention or anything suspicious
or anything suspicious before you found this man?
Maybe that's why I was pointing at you.
No, I didn't see anything!
I heard a strange noise,
like a loud bang that startled me.
I missed the shot, my foot slipped, I hit my head,
and then I lost consciousness.
But you were playing soccer in the parking lot, Genta?
Yes, that's right.
You know how dangerous that is, Genta!
What else?
When you woke up, you found the injured man right here?
Yes.
He was looking for the ball.
It had ended up right next to this German gentleman.
So, it could be that the ball...
had landed on this gentleman's head and...?
That's why he was accusing you, Genta!
Nonsense;
a simple ball hit, no matter how hard it is,
could not have caused an injury like this!
But sometimes, the balls that Conan hits...
go so hard that they knock the offenders out!
What? In Conan it's a case apart.
This is a cheater who uses all sorts of gimmicky tricks.
"A cheat?"
Be that as it may, what is evident....
is that Genta holds the key to catching the culprit.
When we manage to decipher the clue properly,
we'll find him in no time;
for now don't worry, Genta.
I'm the culprit, I'm the culprit, I'm the culprit.
"You weren't listening to me."
The victim's name is Rutger Heinen, a German national.
He works for a German sports equipment company
that sent him to Japan.
The murder weapon is this iron pipe
that we found next to the victim.
From the looks of the wound, Inspector, I'd say...
she was stabbed twice, once from behind and once from the front.
How is the wounded man?
She's been taken to the hospital, but for the moment she's still unconscious.
Well, that's a shame, because if it was a frontal attack,
it's very likely she saw the face of her attacker.
This is Mr. Rutger's car.
We suspect he was meeting someone else.
When he got out of the car to go talk to that person,
someone attacked him with the iron pipe.
So it may have been a crime of passion?
It's possible;
in the top pocket of Mr. Rutger's coat,
there was a wallet full of 10,000 yen bills,
so the motive wasn't money.
Go to the victim's company, see if you can find any suspects.
Yes.
-It was me. What?
I'm guilty.
I'll confess to everything!
What-what do you say, Genta? May I know what's wrong with you?
I have attacked the foreign lord!
It's just that Genta was the first to find the foreign gentleman
lying on the ground and wounded, and he is very affected.
This mateix.
Go away!
You again?
We came here to eat cheesecake,
and we met Mr. Rutger by chance, Inspector.
Why, Dr. Agasa.
He asked us to bring him a cheesecake,
and when we got back to the parking lot, in Genta, he didn't want to come,
he found Mr. Rutger on the ground with a bump on his head.
Let's see, did you see anyone who looked suspicious to you, Genta?
No, I didn't see anything, not me.
He didn't see anyone, but I suspect that the motive for the crime...
may have been money.
But Inspector Takagi said the attacker didn't touch his wallet.
But take a look inside Mr. Rutger's car.
There's a lot of scattered coins. It's true!
The coins seem to have fallen on the passenger seat.
What makes you think it was an attempted robbery?
Before the police arrived, I inspected the inside of Mr. Rutger's car.
the interior of Mr. Rutger's car,
but I didn't find what I was looking for anywhere.
I mean the parking ticket.
The ticket?
Where do you usually keep the ticket they give you when you enter the parking lot, you?
Now that you mention it...
I put it in the glove compartment of the car,
I keep it in my trouser pocket,
or in my wallet, or even...
Of course!
To the purse, Inspector!
The delinquent has stolen the purse
with the ticket, paid and fled!
It's true: the glove compartment of the car,
where the purse was, is open.
When the thief took it away in a hurry, the coins fell out.

And you haven't seen the wallet full of bills
that the victim was carrying in his coat pocket.
The attacker was in such a hurry that he didn't have time to look for it.
And he took the wallet, because it was the first one he found.
You say he was in a hurry? M-m.
It is very simple.
When the delinquent attacked Mr. Rutger with the iron pipe
the ball he had shot at Genta rolled to his side,
and he was afraid that the owner of the ball would find out.
But the person who shot the ball
was frightened when he heard the iron pipe hit,
slipped, hit his head and fainted.
Should we go to so much trouble for a coin purse?
Yes, we will have to interrogate all the witnesses
before drawing any conclusions.
There won't be any.
In fact, there are only 3 suspects, gentlemen.
Three?
While we were snacking at the bakery,
Mr. Rutger was on the phone with his ex-wife.
Since the call kept getting cut off every few minutes,
he must have tried a few times.
The last recorded call was made 4 minutes before we returned to the parking lot.
we returned to the parking lot.
This means that the incident took place during these 4 minutes.
Ah... Yes...
So, the exit barrier to the parking lot has broken down,
and we have one gentleman who is stuck at the exit,
another one who's still inside the car, we don't know why,
and a third person who was running out
and who has bumped into us in front of the elevator
that connects the building to the parking lot.
Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
He dropped his driver's license.
That's him.
They're the only suspects.
That's right, 3 suspects.
Takagi, look for the two people who stayed inside the parking lot
and the owner of this driver's license.
When you've found them, door me immediately.
Yes, right away!
One of these 3 suspects must have the stolen purse.
Maybe he realized that the purse only had change in it
change in the purse and got rid of it.
What? But don't suffer.
Mr. Rutger gave us a clue before he passed out from the shock.
A clue? Before he blacked out.
Mr. Rutger pointed at Genta,
and whispered, "It's him."
What?
He pointed at you? Yes!
I... I knew it!
It was me!
Then, the German gentleman tapped me on the shoulder...
and said: "Him".
Eee... eee... eee...
the...
The culprit must be related in some way to Genta,
and besides, it must have something to do with the syllable "El".
An elf? They are fantastic characters.
They look like tiny fairies, sir.
What if it had been that boy?
He's done nothing wrong in Genta!
"I mean, it was all a child's mischief,
"A child as in Genta."
I got it!
I already know who it was!
I got it! I know who did it!
I get it!
Now I understand everything.
Don't miss the next episode: "The deadly shot of en Genta. Second part".
(I still believe Tameiki)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku kimi wa hoka ni INAI
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa.
Haa, I will be with you
haa, Shinjitai no
haa, tatoe donna nami ni sarawaresou
demo Aishiteru yo.

