Summer light is the glow of the past.
After the tears, a cheesecake!
In what language did the victim say the words that will lead to the murderer?
In Japanese?
In English?
Or in German?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he's... Detective Conan!

"We've gone to see a Tokyo Spirits soccer match."
(Referee: whistle)
"The Spirits have lost and we've gone towards the mall,
"But we didn't feel like doing anything."
"In addition, someone has attacked Mr. Rutger,
"The German we met in the parking lot, who was injured."
"Before he lost consciousness, Mr. Rutger...
"He pointed out the culprit, who was... in Genta!"
Who was it?
Who? Me?
Was it me?
But don't suffer.
Mr. Rutger gave us a good clue before he fainted.
A clue? Before he blacked out.
Mr. Rutger pointed at Genta.
And whispered, "It's him."
What?
He pointed at you? Yes!
I knew it!
It was me!
Then, he tapped me on the shoulder and said one syllable: "El".
E...
E... and... he...
The culprit must be somehow related to Genta,
and furthermore, he must have something to do with the syllable "El".
THE FATAL SHOT OF EN GENTA.
PART TWO.
Eh?
You want to know why it was inside the parking lot?
And what should you do?
I have no obligation to explain to the police what I was doing and why!
What happened, gentlemen? -I found her, Inspector.
You'll excuse me, but I don't have much time.
I'm sorry, sir.
A little while ago there was a small incident in the parking lot.
And you are the only 3 suspects.
That's why we ask you to cooperate with the police investigation.
What does it say, now!
I hope this is a joke!
Are you insinuating that I am one of the suspects?
You have the right to refuse to cooperate,
but if you don't answer the questions, we'll come looking for you later.
Ah, what a stick!
All right, I'll tell you what you want to know.
It was in the car listening to the horse race on the radio.
(Radio) "The winning horse..."
Near here there is a place where betting,
and I thought that if I won some money I'd buy a little something
at the mall before going back home.
I'll be right back.
Can you tell me your name, sir? My name is Kanji Kojima.
(At the same time) Ko... Kojima?
(Mitsuhiko) What's wrong with you!
Your surname is the same as Genta's!
The number on your back also proves it!
The number 11 is the number of Hide, the Tokyo Spirits!
And Genta is wearing a Tokyo Spirits polo shirt.
Don't be a donkey, the Spirits also have other players,
as in Naoki, the 11 can be from any other team.
Besides, Mr. Rutger couldn't know the last name of en Genta,
because I don't remember saying it while we were talking to him.
That's true;
if he didn't know that en Genta's last name was Kojima,
he must have pointed it out for a quite different reason.
Yes, this is true.
And now you.
Why was it the mall parking lot?
I came to buy a bag that my wife asked me to buy,
but I couldn't find it.
When I wanted to leave to go look for the bag somewhere else,
the exit barrier of the parking lot broke down.
That's unlucky, isn't it? Can you tell us your name?
Yes.
My name is Genda.
(At the same time) Ge-Genda?
It was him!
My name is Genda!
Tatsuzo Genda!
Your friend's name is Genta, not me!
Mr. Rutger felt your name
and thought he was also called Genta!
You look like Genta, you're just as fat!
It is absurd.
If we had to be suspicious of fat people, we would never finish!
Look at Dr. Agasa and Inspector Megure.
Assuming that Mr. Rutger knew
which of these 3 men was the culprit,
he would not have left us such a vague clue to find out.
Moreover, when he pointed to Genta
and said "it was him" as if he was accusing her,
right after he whispered the syllable "he".
It is evident that if she had known the name of the culprit,
she would have said "Genta".
Yes, it is true.
You're the only one left.
Can you explain what you were doing here?

I came to the photo shoot of singer Ay Sakaguchi,
who made her debut today on the sixth floor of this building.
My name is Hiromasa Inagaki, Inspector.
I'm just a simple paparazzi.
Hey.
One moment, please.
According to your driver's license,
your name, Hiromasa, is spelled the same as "Taisho".
Yes, but...
If we take out the first syllable of Inagaki and read the whole name...
Gakidaisho!
The leader of the children, in Genta!
But we've already told you that!
Mr. Rutger did not know the name of the culprit.
There are too many coincidences here!
Look at this man's cap!
-There's a giant letter "l"! Talk about this?
It is one of the items marketed by Ay Sakaguchi.
This "l" has nothing to do with the case.
If he had meant to refer to the cap,
Mr. Rutger would not have said "the", but "love".
(Mitsuhiko) If he was German, maybe he couldn't read an English word.
Don't you remember?
His ex-wife is English.
That's why Mr. Rutger is also fluent in English.
It is ridiculous to think that he could not read the word "love".
In Japanese there are words that are spelled the same
and read in different ways,
but in English every word has a meaning.
I get it!
Now I understand everything!
The truth is that there are some words,
both German and English, that are spelled the same...
but have very different meanings.
And this has something to do with Mr. Rutger's clue?
Yes, the message meant that the culprit...
was a naughty boy as in Genta.
Excuse me, gentlemen inspectors, but I should be getting on.
I just happened to be here when all this happened,
I can't waste any more time with this matter, inspector.
I should also leave before the photo session is over.
We can't let anyone out until we've found an explanation.
I've had enough of this!
I didn't see or hear anything that happened in the parking lot!
I was listening to the horse race in the car at maximum volume!
I had to stay inside
because the barrier got stuck and I couldn't get out.
Otherwise I would have bought the bag and would have been on my way home.
I had to run if I wanted to get a good spot in the photo shoot,
that's why I was in such a hurry;
otherwise I wouldn't be here.
Understood.
All 3 were in the parking lot at the time Mr. Rutger was attacked,
but none of the three noticed what was going on or saw any suspects.
Exactly, that is what we are telling you.
It doesn't make any sense for you to suspect us, Mr. Inspector.
Besides, the victim...
has directly accused this chubby boy, hasn't he?
He said "it was him."
Well, it's him.
(Inagaki) What if it was the boy?
(Kojima) Why not?
He was left alone in the parking lot kicking a ball.
Maybe he accidentally kicked the ball wrong,
the ball deflected and fell on that poor man's head.
No way!
In Genta he didn't do anything wrong, for sure!
Ayumi...
And what do you think, inspector?
What do you think, inspector? Me?
Look, I'd say that...
Mr. Rutger didn't want to accuse Genta of attacking him.
When he pointed at Genta he probably just
wanted us to understand that the man who attacked you
was someone who looked very much like him in Genta.
In other words, the culprit must have been a naughty boy.
Someone like in Genta.
-A naughty boy, you say? -I don't quite understand what you mean.
Dr. Agasa, you know this was more than just a prank.
I know, I was just referring to the physical appearance of the culprit.
I've got it!
I know who did it!
The culprit is Hiromasa Inagaki!
It was you!
-Me? -You, with this cap you're wearing.
You look like a rather naughty boy, just like Genta.
So, it must have been you!
And now!
This cap doesn't mean you've done anything wrong.
-But it could have been him! I think it was Mr. Kojima!
What?
Surely, when he was little, he liked to play pranks!
Me?
This doesn't make any sense!
They're pulling my leg!
How can they accuse me just because of the way I look?
Maybe you're right, Ayumi, maybe you're right.

but he thinks that Mr. Rutger
couldn't have known this man when he was little.
Well, that leaves only one.
The last suspect is Mr. Genda, but rather than a naughty boy,
he just looks like a middle-aged gentleman with a taste for fashion.
And with very bad taste, by the way.
Not so much mail.
That's not exactly what I'm trying to tell you.
-No? -I don't know what you're getting at, doctor.
Don't think Japanese, think English.
"Elf." "Elf"?
They're fantastic characters from fairy tales.
They look like little elves. Elves?
"Haibara..."
In English, this word has the meaning of "little elf".
But it can also refer
to a small child or a naughty child.
That's right, that!
After having pointed at Genta, he has whispered the syllable "the".
Actually, he meant the word "elf"!
If this were true, why did he point at Genta?
It is true that he seems the most mischievous of all 3,
but if he wanted us to understand "little boy" or "elf,"
he could have pointed at you too, Ayumi.
The ball you shot at Genta has hit Mr. Rutger's car.
What do you mean?
So, Mr. Rutger looked at Genta
and told him he was a bit of a naughty boy.
Perhaps the German meant that his attacker had been an "elf",
or a naughty child, as in Genta.
The culprit was an "elf"? I see what you mean.
All of this means that the key to unmasking the culprit
has some kind of relation to the word "elf",
and that the victim has pointed at Genta
to convey this message to us.
But I still don't get it.
Among the suspects there are no naughty children,
nor do they have anything to do with the elves of fairy tales.
Please explain yourself better, Dr. Agasa.
I haven't remembered to tell you that Mr. Rutger
speaks three languages perfectly: German, of course,
but he is also fluent in English and Japanese.
Oh, my goodness! German is his mother tongue.
You know the German way of counting, Inspector?
The numbers?
Help me, Takagi.
What is it?
Let's see, I think it was un, deux, trois...
This is French.
In German, the one is called "eins".
Two is called "zwei".
The 3 is "drei", the 4 is "vier",
the 5 is "Fünf", the 6 is "Sechs",
7 is "sieben", 8 is "acht",
9 is "neun", 10 is "zehn".
And 11 in German is "elf".
Really? Mr. Kanji Kojima.
He was referring to the number 11 on the back of the jersey.
Of course, Mr. Rutger has related the German number "elf"
with the English word "elf", so he pointed at Genta.
Yes, he told me in Conan, who knows a little English and German.
Yes, that's true, and I did it because I was convinced
that the doctor would know the meaning of the word "elf".
Anyway, if he had said the number in Japanese, it would have cost us a lot less,
I'm sure it would have been much less difficult for us to understand.
Perhaps Mr. Rutger did this expressly because he thought that the culprit might be close by.
that the culprit could be very close,
and he didn't want to reveal his identity to us in order to avoid
from attacking us too when he was discovered.
It seems logical.
Mr. Kojima, I'm sorry but you should accompany us to the police station.
I've had enough of bad jokes, Mr. Inspector.
It's true that I happen to wear the number 11 on my back,
but that doesn't prove that it was me who attacked that man.
Besides, the German never said the word "elf" in its entirety.
-Am I right, grandfather? -Eh?
Can't you see that this old man is a little old-fashioned?
His deductions don't hold up anywhere.
Well, it seems to me to be a very accurate deduction.
-Thank you. -Hey, Grandpa.
-Did he do it to make a big deal of himself? -No, and now!
I'm Japanese!
I've had enough of foreign numbers!
Let him go!
If he's so convinced of what he says, let him prove it to me with proof!
-What? -I want you to show me proof.
If you have it, to prove that I'm guilty.
Come on, sing!
Do it, if you can!

Did one of you see me attacking that foreign gentleman?
Eh?
You cannot accuse me of having committed a crime
without having any evidence to prove that I am the guilty one!
Oi, Inspector?
I'm sorry, but I can't waste any more time.
I have to go, gentlemen.
Just a moment, Mr. Kojima! I've seen it.
Yes, sir, I'm sure I saw...
Mr. Kojima attack Mr. Rutger and run away.
I can't have been mistaken! What are you saying?
Are you absolutely sure, Conan? Yes.
When we found Mr. Rutger lying on the ground,
I saw this man marching down the street!
How dare you!
You saw him too, didn't you?
We all saw him running away!
Conan, why?
You're insolent!
I'll slap your mouth shut!
Will you testify before a judge, what you said?
Yes! Wait a minute, don't be fooled.
Can't you see that there are too many coincidences?
If you really saw something, why didn't you say so at the beginning?
It's all the fault of this grandfather, who talks nonsense!
The grandfather and the child have agreed to give the same version!
They are liars! Anyway...
You and Conan will have to accompany us to the police station.
There we will talk.
No thoughts!
This brat has told nothing but lies!
They are not lies!
I remember seeing the number 11 on his shirt!
-You shut up, you scoundrel! -Do me a favor!
It's true!
I've seen it, I've seen it, I've seen it!
Besides, I was the first one to find him wounded on the ground!
You? Conan?
Did you feel it?
Did you feel it, inspector?
You see, how it was all a lie?
Listen to me, I know it wasn't you who found it first!
It was the fat kid!
And how do you know this?
How do you know that Genta was the first one to find him?
Takagi, did you tell him? No, I didn't tell him anything.
It is a lie.
It wasn't me who hurt him!
Of course it wasn't!
I knew it by the voice, by the voice of this boy!
I heard the scream, I recognized it right away!
He couldn't have felt it.
Why not?
Because a moment ago he declared that, at the time of the facts,
it was the car listening to the horse race at maximum volume
and he didn't feel anything of what was going on outside.
So he should not have heard the scream of en Genta either.
How do you know that en Genta was the first to find Mr. Rutger?
I said so!
I said so!
I saw the boy playing soccer alone inside the parking lot, that's why I said....
Even if I didn't hear anything, I saw what was happening...
through the car window, do you understand, inspector?
It's possible, but...
how do you know that in Genta you found Mr. Rutger lying on the floor?
All he was doing in Genta was kicking the ball.
I know that!
That's why before... Before?
I mean, not...
Was it this one?
Before, when Mr. Rutger attacked with an iron bar,
The ball came rolling to his side.
That's why he knew that Genta, who was playing soccer,
would be the first to find it.
That's not true.
I was inside the car listening to the race on the radio!
If this is true, I'm sure you can tell us...
which horse won the main race.
If he stayed in the parking lot to listen to the horse race,
you'll know who won it.
We arrived just as the main race was being run.
Wait, I don't know because...
You know what?
No wonder you don't remember.
So you didn't have time to listen to the main race.
You tried to get out of the parking lot as fast as you could,
and you headed for the exit in a hurry,
but you were unlucky enough that Mr. Genda
was stuck in front of the barrier,
so he couldn't get away in time.
He then returned to the place where he was parked and made it clear that he had been listening to the race with volume.
that he had been listening to the race at maximum volume,
and that he had not heard what had happened outside,
so as not to become the main target of the police.
He was so nervous at the time,
that his involvement in the events was more than obvious.
It's... a lie.
-I didn't do it, I didn't do anything! -I didn't do anything!
Because of you, boy, I've wasted a lot of time.
No.
Don't do it!
No.
Mr. Genda!
Mr. Genda.

This is not done!
Uh!
No need to thank me.
I've taken a load off my mind.
Funny thing!
Turns out the robber just wanted Mr. Rutger's money.
Yeah, Takagi just called Dr. Agasa's house...
to thank him and explained this.
Turns out in Kojima he was on the run from some creditors
and mugged the first person he met.
I find that, lately,
Japan's crimes are becoming more and more Americanized.
Best of all, in the end, in Genta he hadn't done anything!
Yes, what a break!
I felt like I was being taken to the slaughterhouse.
Anyway, this foreigner didn't touch much.
Who would think of pointing at a child and accusing him of attacking him?
-It's true.
Oh, welcome! - (door: bell)
What would have happened if the police
had not solved the mystery satisfactorily?
I trusted them.
I trusted these young detectives.
Mr. Rutger!
I hope your head wound has healed by now!
-Yes, I'm better now. I'm so glad!
Well, well, well.
Is this the German gentleman they were saying?
-It looks like it. I have to thank you, my boy.
I brought you a little gift as a thank you.
Oh!
It's a cheesecake from that bakery over there!
Wow, what luck!
I've been wanting to try it!
In the end, I ran out of cake the other day.
That's why I brought you a slice.
(Mitsuhiko) Good deduction, Mr. Rutger!
- (Genta) Thank you! - (all: laughter)
Wait a minute!
How could such a bad horse have won?
But it was one of the most difficult races!
Kogoro, the strongest ones don't always win.
(All) But those who win are the strong ones!
What do you mean?
"It's possible that the culprit is still inside the building.
"He must have gone down this way."
"These stairs are cut off."
"I think I know what his target was."
Don't miss the next episode, "A Live Crime."
(I still believe Tameiki)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku kimi wa hoka ni INAI
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa.
Haa, I will be with you
haa, Shinjitai no
haa, tatoe donna nami ni sarawaresou
demo Aishiteru yo.

