The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, a live broadcast!
We present to you an unprecedented episode in this series:
a mystery solved in real time
that will keep you glued to the screen!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

Hello everyone!
We are back!
As every Monday, at seven o'clock in the evening at 8 o'clock!
Welcome to the special rebroadcast
of the program "The Runaways"!
Tonight, we are broadcasting live from the Nenkyo district,
the center of the city!
The girls will try to escape
through the neighborhoods of... Nenkyo, Hamah and Kabutobi!
If after half an hour,
which is how long the live broadcast of the program lasts,
the 3 contestants have managed to catch all the girls,
they will win a prize of one million yen!
We can start now!
3, 2, 1... Let's go!
(Cars: horns)
(TV: announcer) "The contest has just begun!"
"Don't miss tonight's special rebroadcast!
"From... 'The Runaways'!"
How few customers!
You mean they do a lot of business, these people?
For that they've had to invent all sorts of tricks
to attract customers.
Such as this giant hourglass.
They installed it here to become a meeting point.
Wow!
I've never seen an hourglass that lasted 30 minutes.
Sorry, guys, but we should have reserved a table.
They've got it all booked up.
Why don't we go somewhere else for dinner?
No, don't worry, we won't need to look any further.
Ha-ha-ha!
I've booked a table for 8.
What?
But it's still half an hour away!
(Kogoro) Yes, but they say it's a very good restaurant.
It doesn't look like an Italian restaurant, it looks very expensive.
We'll meet here a little before 8 o'clock, understand, nanos?
Until then, everyone can do whatever they want.
Apa, see you later! Father!
Aaah... I knew it!
What do you want us to do, Conan?
On the second floor there is a bookstore
specializing in mystery novels.
I'll stay in the clothing stores.
Meet me here at 8, okay?
See you now!
Go!
"No trespassing. Freshly painted."
Sorry, kid, you can't go through here for now.
If you want to go up, you'll have to go up the other stairs.
Who wants sweet chestnuts?
They are delicious!
We have delicious sweet chestnuts!
Who wants to try them?
"Mystery bookstore"
(Girl: called)
"A live crime"
(People: whispers)
(Man) That's right...
A man has been stabbed on the second floor of Beika's shopping mall!
Yes, we need help urgently!
"He's still breathing."
"He was stabbed in the left side of his back with a knife.
"And he fell face down."
"He's hit his head pretty hard."
"It can't be long since she was stabbed."
"It's possible the culprit is still inside the building."
Ah!
Ah..., it's you, Haibara.
Why do I always find you when a crime has been committed?
You seem to have a sixth sense for detecting them.
I didn't know you were here too.
Yes, it was at the medical bookstore.
"I heard the scream."
Did you see anyone who caught your eye?
They didn't touch his wallet or his money.
It wasn't a robbery.
What are you doing here?
Get out of here!
And don't let him see you again!
The police are about to arrive,
please step aside, please!
Here, here!
On the second floor!
Hey!
Hey, father!
There's someone looking for your father!
Father, it's me!
(Siren)

(TV) "The contestants have caught one of the girls!"
"But there are still 4 left! Hurry up, guys!"
Police.
Move aside, please.
Make room.
Inspector Megure is here right away.
Yes, how quickly!
The victim's name is Yukio Nishiyama.
The ambulance is on its way, Inspector.
Understood.
The lady found the victim lying on the ground.
He works in that store.
This is Mr. Koide, the manager of the cosmetics store.
The police received a tip-off at half past five, 8 o'clock this afternoon.
Let's see, it was you who called?
Yes, I suppose so.
I didn't notice what time it was.
"Half past five, 8:00 p.m.?"
That's perfect, sir.
Do you know anything that might help clarify this matter?
Any...
Well... come to think of it,
Miss Yamaguchi often quarrels with in Nishiyama.
In Nishiyama?
Do you know the victim, Mr. Koide?
All the sales clerks in the mall know him.
"He loves to make a nuisance of himself."
"He develops the clothes in the stores and throws them away,
"He damages the items so he can claim..."
"All the workers in this center
"We have had to put up with him sooner or later."
"He is an unbearable individual."
"On the other hand, this girl...,"
the Shiori, I mean, Miss Yamaguchi, is an exception,
because she's never bothered her.
They seem to be friends, these.
They must be involved.
Get it straight!
Are you insinuating that I stabbed her in Nishiyama?
I didn't say that.
You want to tell us something?
This man has a grudge against me because I wouldn't go out with him.
Since that day, he hasn't stopped making my life miserable!
What nonsense!
All the employees of this center know...
that Nishiyama is in love with you!
And everyone knows that's why he has never bothered you in the store.
Besides, two days ago I saw you arguing with en Nishiyama.
"They sensed you from everywhere! Even I am aware of it."
You talk about others, but I also know four things about you!
"I know that you bribe the glass, to in Nishiyama."
Is it true?
Wait a minute, this can not be considered a bribe.
"One day, en Koide punched en Nishiyama."
The money was to save the complaint.
There was no need to crow about it, all this!
(Kogoro) Of course!
(Kogoro) Excuse me, may I come in?
I am the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
We have it all under control, ladies and gentlemen.
(Man) What has he thought, this man?!
Conan! (man) Ah.
Hello, Ran.
Quiet, Mouri!
Don't touch anything!
Sure!
Excuse me, Inspector Megure...
What door, in that bag over there? The prizes he got.
"In this sense, Mr. Kogoro can consider himself lucky."
What were you doing when the victim was stabbed?
Oh!
Father!
They told you not to touch him!
(TV) "They've caught another girl! Now there are only 3 left!"
"But there's less and less time left to get the target!"
"Mail, girls!"
"When I heard the scream coming from the second floor!
(Woman: call)
"... I ran there."
"When I saw the scene of the crime,
"I assumed that it hadn't been committed for a long time."
"The other scales are cut off,
"That is to say that the culprit... could only come down here."
Who wants some sweet chestnuts?
Buena tarda.
Bona tarde.
You fly a cone of chestnuts?
I'm sorry, I didn't come to buy chestnuts.
(Laughs) I thought so.
You haven't moved from here the whole time, have you?
No, I can't leave the bus stop alone.
I can't go upstairs.
(Flow) Is it true that you've stabbed a man?
Yes.
Did you see anyone come down these stairs
just before you heard the scream?
No one later?
You're the first one, kid.
But I did see a few people go upstairs.
I've seen them.
(Footsteps: approaching)
Come down, please!
You can leave the building now!
It is forbidden to stay here.
Do not come down!
Everybody back to the second floor!
What is it, Conan?
I've been told that no one passed this way
after the scream was felt.
So, there's a good chance...

that the culprit is still upstairs.
It's true, the boy is right.
Stop!
Stop!
That's right!
The culprit must be inside the building!
We caught help us
Start... the chase!
"Here we go!"
(Girl) Get your hands off me!
-Why did you run away? -Why did you make me come back?
A crime has been committed in the building and we have blocked the entrances.
Don't let anyone into the mall.
If you try, make one.
Yes!
"What is this?"
(Man) Why can't we get in?
-There's been a small incident, and no one will be able to enter until...
-Shut up and get out of the way! -Please, sir!
Let go of me, asshole!
My boss is a very influential person,
he can get you fired in a jiffy.
"If he can fire a police officer, it must be someone important."
We will enter the building whether you like it or not,
so don't resist.
I've already told you that you can't get in!
It's me, in Hasebe.
We've come to look for you,
but the police won't let us into the building.
Call me when you're done.
The wait at the main entrance.
"The contestants have already caught 3 of the runaway girls,
"But it looks to me like they're starting to get a little tired!"
"Only the Hinaru and Lulu are missing. Run away, girls! E!"
It looks to me like we're going to run out of dinner today.
This looks like it.
"This is Mr. Koide's perfume shop."
"Mm? I got it!"
Hey, you little thief!
I'm sure you've stolen from me again!
Don't talk nonsense, Koide!
When have I ever stolen anything from you?
Every time you've entered my store!
You know that for a fact!
If you're so convinced, check in.
Au, you got it!
Mr. Koide, can you come?
Yes!
Ha-ha-ha!
You're right!
You know shoplifting is a crime?
I'll never do it again.
"There's only one girl left to get the million yen!"
"Do you think they'll make it?"
What are you doing, boy?
You've seen the man who assaulted the victim.
In the perfume shop,
the lipstick counter is on the side of the aisle.
You can see it perfectly from here.
If you were stealing this lipstick when the crime was committed,
you must have seen everything that happened.
And how do you know I saw the culprit?
Because you've been so nervous the whole time, that's how I know.
Normally, when you stole something from a store,
you'd leave before you got caught,
but today you stayed at the mall.
And you did it... because you were afraid.
"You were afraid to leave the building
"and find the criminal waiting for you outside."
That's what you thought, right?
"But then it occurred to you to run away, taking advantage of all the commotion."
Am I wrong?
Ah... It's extraordinary.
How did you find out what happened, kid?
Because... I'm a detective.
Wow!
Well, you do it very well.
And now, let's see: what was the culprit like?
I only saw him for a moment,
and I could barely see his face.
"He turned and looked at me."
"Then I got scared and closed my eyes instinctively."
Was he a left-handed man?
Probably, because he was holding the knife in his left hand.
Can you give me more details?
Yes, he was wearing a trench coat.
A trench coat?
"It was black, long and thin."
Uh... By the way, I think... you should put this back.
Ah!
That's a load off my mind!
Rest assured, I've decided I'll never steal again.
Ah!
Haibara!
What's the matter?
I've been upstairs.
Did you find anything interesting?
No.
I've been looking for the murder weapon
and I had a look around in case I saw the suspect.
There are some offices upstairs.
And a dental clinic.
I imagine the police have already checked it out.
Maybe they have.
He didn't get rid of the black trench coat.
The trench coat? The criminal was wearing a trench coat.
I didn't find it anywhere, but I didn't go into the men's room.
I don't think the police would have missed it.
You're right.
And there's nowhere else he could have hidden it.
Why would she have stabbed that man?
That's the question.
Unless the culprits are the sales clerk...

or the perfume store manager, it doesn't look like a crime of passion.
His wallet was not taken,
so it wasn't a mugging either.
"If the culprit and the victim had been arguing," he says,
"one of the shoppers would have sensed them."
"Therefore, they have not spoken."
This means that the culprit's objective
was not only to stab Nishiyama.
You mean the culprit did not know... the victim?
There are two people who called the police.
Two?
I know one of them has been the manager, Mr. Koide.
And the other person was called to the police station a little earlier.
That was the man in the black trench coat.
The police received a call at half past five, 8 o'clock in the afternoon.
It was you, who called?
Yes.
You called the police before the murder.
The offender needed
the police to arrive as soon as possible, but... why?
Maybe that's why! The what?
Look at these two homes.
Phew!
What a pair of gorillas!
Maybe he didn't want these 2 men to enter the mall.
He assaulted Mr. Nishiyama only to have the police come in
and block the access to the building.
That's why he is called to the police station early.
Because it was the only way to achieve some other objective.
What objective?
When he saw that the police wouldn't let him in,
one of these two men tried to talk on the phone
to someone inside the building.
Call me when you're done.
Waiting at the main entrance.
It had all the effect on me that the man was talking to an answering machine.
So, there is someone in the building who has not picked up the phone....
and left a message on the answering machine.
They have come looking for someone who is inside the building.
You mean the culprit set this up...
to prevent these gorillas from entering the building?
If I'm not mistaken, the culprit's objective...
is to attack the person these men have come looking for.
And this person...
has his cell phone turned off... because it's at the dental clinic!
Of course!
The suspect knew what time his victim would come.
He has made the time coincide with the crime
and that's how he got the police to block the entrances.
Good afternoon.
Do you have visiting hours, children?
Yeah, look... Uh...
(Haibara, the inspector is calling.
What's wrong?
If it's an emergency, you'll have to wait a bit.
Yes, of course.
Is there anyone else waiting for an emergency?
Well... yes, there's another patient before you.
Miss!
Can you tell me who it is? What?
I'm sure you can!
It's one of those three men, isn't it?
It sure is.
Hey..., it's the gentleman in the middle.
"Watch out!"
(Girl) The next one, please.
What's the matter with you?
I've come to avenge the death of my wife!
-What are you saying? -Go to hell, demon!
Go on!
Where is the culprit, Conan?
It's the earthman!
Ah.
Inspectors!
Thank God you've arrived!
I'm Taiz Masuda, Member of Parliament.
I was about to kill myself when you showed up!
You bastard!
You ran over my wife and you're going to run away!
What? What? What?
Then you're going to force a scapegoat to turn himself in to the police!
-You don't know what you're talking about!
I looked into it!
After 3 months, I found a witness.
And why didn't you tell it all to the police, you fool?
Because they wouldn't have listened to me!
He was too important a politician!
That's why I decided to kill him myself!
That's not a good enough reason!
There's nothing to justify a crime like this!
Let it go!
That's right!
Leave me alone, murderer!
You will explain to us why you ran away
after running over a woman.
You heard him, sir.
You'd better not add another crime to the list.
Drop the knife.
(Cries)
(TV: people) "Two, one..., time!"
"What a pity! The last girl managed to run away! Tarama!"
"This week,
"Our contestants didn't get the prize either."
"Next week, the program live from Beika!"
Father wants to invite us to an Italian restaurant for dinner.
Do you want to come with us, Ai?
I'd take advantage of it.
Mr. Kogoro is such a cheapskate, it may never happen again.

Father!
Aren't we going to have dinner?
Eh?
No, it's just that...
It turns out that all the tables are occupied
and there's only room at the bar.
But, Father! We hadn't made a reservation?
Yes, we had booked, but...
But what?!
There's only a table for me! You're hopeless!
It's just that the girl at the reception is very beautiful
and I couldn't say no...
Sorry, guys, I have to go.
This is for you, Ran, go well.
Do you think you'll cheat on me with it?
I'm coming, I'm coming!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Your efforts are no more rewarding.
But today has been the worst day ever.
(Guts: snoring)
"With in Hattori? What? A spring party?"
"It's gone!"
What is the truth
"Of the disappearance that the monk has explained to us?"
"And why did he come expressly, in Hattori?"
"The four detectives from the north, south, east and west...
"Have found themselves on a lost island in the middle of the sea."
"The mystery of the lost island! The locked room trick!"
"Hey, Hattori! What are you talking about?"
Don't miss the next special episode!
"Three days with Heiji Hattori."
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

