The light of summer is the glow of the past.
After the tears, a two-hour special!
Two very complicated cases to be solved in 3 days!
Go ahead, detectives!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"Three days with in Heiji Hattori, (2nd part).
I understood everything.
So, you think the dead woman I saw 3 days ago was real?
Yes!
It wasn't imagination, it was a real corpse.
But they hid it so well that it seemed to have disappeared.
They used a very ingenious mechanism.
A mechanism?
And how did it work, this mechanism?
Tell us about it, father!
This grinder gave me the idea.
When I saw it, the light bulb went on!
Are you thinking what I'm thinking..., Osaka detective?
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he...
Why was the corpse missing,
when in Denkyu he came to look for us
and accompanied us in the pavilion?
Imagine that this grinder is the temple pavilion.
It is a square structure of 4 rooms, without balconies.
Balconies? Square?
Well, what a surprise!
I see that the young small-time detective from Osaka
hasn't understood anything yet!
I don't understand your reasoning, Mouri.
See.
All you had to do was to turn the pavilion 180 degrees.
See?
What? What?
Excuse me,
but it seems to me that the pavilion doesn't have any rotating mechanism.
That's what you think, kid.
This pavilion was built 50 years ago, wasn't it?
Even if it was as you say..,
both the police inspectors who came here three days ago...
...and you, who came this afternoon when I called you..,
thoroughly searched all the rooms in the pavilion.
You yourself have been able to verify
that there were no corpses or blood stains anywhere!
It's true, I hadn't realized...
Besides, if there was a rotating pavilion here...
built 50 years ago,
it would probably have become
the most famous tourist attraction in the region!
In this case, as there is no corpse,
it's proven that it was your imagination.
Yes...
There is a corpse and a bloodstain.
The thing is that they were hidden and we didn't see them.
Were they hidden?
And can we know where they were?
(thump)
Ay! Conan!
Did you hurt yourself?
I dropped the plate, I bent down to pick it up and I slipped.
You have to be more careful.
This morning it's been raining all the time
and the ground is still wet.
By the way, can I see my detective badge?
I can't find it.
There's nothing here.
But here, put your glasses on.
Thank you. Thank you.
Look!
The plate is there!
It's true!
But it is very rare.
I looked for it before and it wasn't.
You're right...
Shut up!
Maybe it was because of this leaf that has stuck to the glasses.
You see?
So, my badge is perfectly visible,
but if I put the glasses on top so that the sheet covers it,
the badge disappears.
It's true!
It is camouflaged between the leaves.
It's like it's not there.
Ooh! Ooh!
Listen, what if they had used the same trick in the pavilion?
Yes!
-You're talking about a trick? -Yeah. -Yeah. -Yeah.
If they'd used this trick,
they would have been able to hide the bloodstain on the tatami.
Then the blood could be hidden under the glass case...
where the statue of the heavenly king is.
I'm sure there was nothing suspicious in the display case.
Besides, we lifted the statue and the tatami underneath was visible.
That's why!
They could have lined the bottom of the glass case.
"With a piece of tatami

"And put it over the bloodstain,
"so that the trap is concealed,
"Because it looks like the bottom of the glass case is transparent.
"And you can see the tatami below."
It is true!
But this trick you say is very easy to discover.
All you have to do is to lift the entire display case.
-It's not that easy.
Because if you lift the display case with the statue in it,
you run the risk of the statue falling over and breaking the glass.
On the other hand, if you lift only the statue,
it looks like the bottom is also made of glass,
because you can see the tatami below.
That's why we felt it wasn't necessary to lift the entire display case.
In fact, it didn't even occur to me, this possibility.
Very well.
Assuming you're right,
who could have set up a trick like this and for what reason?
I don't think the killer of these women would have gone to all that much trouble
just to hide a bloodstain.
Maybe this whole thing is a set-up by the two monks
who left the temple a couple of months ago.
They invented a trap
to hide the beer and ash stains.
"They bought a tatami mat the same color as the tatamis in the pavilion,
"They hooked it to the back of the display case...
"And they hid the alcohol stains and ash residues
"Under the statue so they wouldn't be seen."
After all, they were in charge of cleaning the pavilion.
Besides, they told you that they had managed to smoke and drink on the sly...
without anyone catching them.
When we came to investigate this afternoon,
the pavilion was spotless,
but... when we came back later
because Denkyu told us that he had found another corpse,
the stains had suddenly appeared.
-So, what happened?
Do you mean that the two monks who left the temple
came back without anyone seeing them
and killed a woman in the pavilion?
No.
These two guys just set the trap.
Someone took advantage of it.
Someone who caught them the trick and who booed them hard.
And the only person who knew about it was Master Shakur.
Oh! It was the master?
The master has killed those two women?
Don't mail so much!
If the murderer of the first woman had been him,
he wouldn't have had time to go back to the temple
and go to sleep as if nothing had happened.
"I would say that the first woman committed suicide."
"When the master learned that the pavilion had a dead woman,
"it occurred to him to make all the evidence disappear...
"And to make it seem that everything had been a dream of his disciple.
"And that the corpse had never existed."
My God!
The blood stain on the tatami mat
was similarly situated
to the beer stain and the remnants of ash,
so he decided to use the king's showcase trick.
"He moved the tatamis and hid the blood."
And how did he get rid of the corpse?
He was to hide it under the pavilion
while waiting... for the police to arrive.
And the woman I found earlier is also buried under the pavilion?
No, I would say that the corpse tonight... was the master,
who lay down on the floor and pretended to be a dead woman.
-The teacher, you say?! - Yes, he did.
He put on one of the wigs that his disciples used to wear,
splashed tomato sauce on his clothes.
and made it look like he had a knife stuck in his abdomen.
If the same situation of 3 days ago was repeated, we and Denkyu would be left with the same situation,
we and Denkyu would be convinced
that those corpses had been the imagination of his young disciple.
There is something that does not convince me.
In the dormitory pavilion there is a statue of the celestial king
in each corner of the four rooms,
the upper right and lower left ends of the tatami.
The two monks had prepared a system to hide two stains,
one of beer and the other of tobacco.
Coincidentally, the blood of the first woman?
stained the corners of two tatami mats,
but the corpse full of blood that in Denkyu has seen tonight
was right in the middle of the room.
So we have 4 tatamis stained with blood.
How can they have hidden 4 bloodstains
if there are only 2 statues of the heavenly king?
There are not only 2. There are 4 showcases.
(Heiji) "The master imitated the method of his disciples.
"And covered the bottoms of the other two showcases."
"Thus there were 4 hiding places."

"Tonight, the master has put on his corpse woman costume....
"And lay down right in the middle of the room, occupying four tatamis..,
"2 that he had soiled with fake blood and 2 that were clean."
"Then, it has been expected in Denkyu to go to the pavilion....
"To close the doors..."
"When his disciple found the alleged corpse...
"And he came to warn us,
"He hid the two blood-stained tatamis...
"And appeared behind us,
"looking as if he hadn't broken a dish."
Anyway,
assuming that the master had passed himself off as a dead woman,
the fake bloodstains were not on the corners of the tatamis,
because she was lying down in the middle of the room...
Therefore, even if he had 4 hiding places,
the bloodstains wouldn't match the display cases.
-Really?
Are you sure? -What?
Well... Of course!
He moved the tatamis around
so that the blood stains would match the statues!
"So, the stains on the top right and bottom left match,
"but the other two are on the lower right and upper left."
"No, that can't be."
"Maybe like this? No!"
"So, the 2 spots in the upper right corner...
"They match the corners."
"But the ones in the lower left corner don't fit."
"How can you hide 4 bloodstains under the glass cases?"
"That's what I'd like to know."
There is another way to distribute the tatamis.
Look!
Fixeu's-e on this.
Let's see?
The distribution of the tatamis now looks like a pinwheel.
You are right!
If you make the tatamis fit together like this,
(Kazuha)... all the blood stains are left
in the upper right corner of the tatami.
It's true!
This afternoon, when I found the second corpse,
the tatamis were swapped!
But why did you organize this whole set-up to hide the woman's body?
to hide the body of the dead woman, the master?
If it was a suicide, there was no point in covering it up.
It seems to me that we should ask you personally, Mouri.
"Now we know what happened!"
"But why did you hide the corpse?"
(Heiji) "Why did he go to the extreme.
"To impersonate a dead woman?"
"Maybe he didn't want it to be discovered
"The identity of the woman who committed suicide."
"He wanted to hide the identity of that woman from someone, but from whom?"
Wow!
They're here again.
This means that they have managed to discover the truth.
Of course they did!
If you thought you could fool Kogoro Mouri,
you were quite mistaken!
I'm very sorry,
but before I explain everything you want to know,
in Denkyu will have to leave.
He cannot feel... Do not suffer for your disciple.
We have asked him to stay in the car with the girls
until we returned so that they would feel a little more accompanied.
You have gone to a lot of trouble for your disciple.
This means that the woman who committed suicide here 3 days ago was....
Yes, that woman was Denkyu's mother,
the one who abandoned him at the temple gate 18 years ago,
when he was just a baby.
What?
Is that so?
Yes.
She suddenly appeared 3 days ago, in the afternoon.
He wanted me to return his son to him.
"She told me that every year she came to the temple on the sly...
"to see how the boy she abandoned was doing."
"Then, I showed him an album of photographs...
"of all the disciples who lived in the temple."
"In the end, as I imagined, she could not recognize her son...
"And she began to cry inconsolably."
"She did not even realize
"That the young monk who had brought her the album was her son."
"Then, when the Denkyu left,
"I couldn't hold back and scolded her sternly,
"as she deserved."
" 'Tonight you're going to stay overnight in the pavilion,' I told her."
" 'So that you will have time to reflect on the sad life
" 'That your son has lived for the past 18 years.'"
"The next morning, we found her dead on the floor."
I thought the young Denkyu would suffer too much
if he knew what had happened,
so I decided to hide all the evidence.
Now I have to go.
I'd better explain everything to the police.
Of course I will.

Perhaps it will seem a little unfair for me to ask this favor of you
after all that I have come to do,
but I would like you to always remember what I will tell you.
I pushed that woman to commit suicide by my words.
by my words.
Words are daggers.
If you use them the wrong way,
they can become a murder weapon.
They must be used with great caution,
taking into account the feelings of others.
Whoever it is... the interlocutor in front of you.
In the end, have you been able to find out...
why you went to the trouble of hiding the corpse, master?
(Kazuha) That's right, don't be so surly!
Why don't you explain everything to us?
Heiji!
You feel me, Heiji?
I heard you, you bore!
I won't explain anything to you!
"Maybe the teacher meant this,
"When he was talking about the incorrect use of words..."
(Honking)
(snoring)
Wow!
I slept for 10 hours straight!
"It's the same."
"Yesterday, between one thing and another, we got home very late."
"Besides, today is Sunday."
"Hattori and her friend must have already left."
I'll sleep, now, boy, I have to get up early tomorrow.
"I don't know if she'll remember..."
"I asked her to do me the favor of investigating the Rena Mizunashi."
"So much so! I'll send you a mail later to make sure."
Wow.
I'm out of toothpaste.
"I was just missing this."
(Heiji) Here, take mine.
(Heiji) Thank you.
What are you doing here at this hour?
You told me you were going in the morning!
This was my intention,
but there's someone who hasn't stopped snoring...
And, because of him, I've spent the night in white.
That's why I'm still here.
Well, you should change your return ticket as soon as possible!
It's just that, in fact, I wasn't planning to go home.
What's that?
What's the reason?
What? An uninhabited island?
An uninhabited island?
And you say you're leaving now, Heiji?
Yes.
We'll go when the cherry blossom festival is over.
You've been assigned a case?
No, and now!
He's been offered a part in a TV show.
I was about to explain!
You mean you're on schedule?
Didn't the boat to the island leave first thing in the morning?
Don't worry!
If I go now, I'll get there in plenty of time.
-So why did you want to get up early?
-Because I wanted to go a little earlier to get to know the other contestants,
to know what they look like and what character they have.
All the contestants are teenage detectives like me.
Teenage detectives, you say? That's right.
The Nichiuri television network
has gathered teenage detectives from all over the country.
The program is called "Detective School".
(At the same time) What?
"Detective School"?
That's why I tried to get the idea out of his head!
I told him that, if he participated in this contest, he would make a fool of himself.
-You know perfectly well that I couldn't say no to them.
They sent me an invitation,
and they asked me, as Heiji Hattori,
to participate as a representative of the detectives of the western part of the country.
The west? That's right!
If I am the western detective, the eastern detective is....
"In Shinichi!"
Wow, Ran!
You've gone all red!
Me, red?
Yeah, maybe so, it's a little hot today, isn't it?
So, will that boy also participate?
He might come.
"I would say no."
"And Hattori knows for a fact that he won't come."
Let's see... Would you like to come with me to that island?
It seems to me that they have prepared several rooms
for the companions who want to come.
Besides, with a bit of luck,
that smug Shinichi Kudo might show up at any time,
right, kid?
"He-he... That's not funny..."
(Man) You're late, Hattori!
Try not to let it happen again.
You know we're on a tight schedule.
Yes, I'm sorry... But we got lost.
Well, it's time to go to the island.
The other contestants are already on the boat.
Yes?
What about Shinichi?
Who came, finally?
-Who? -Shinichi Kudo.
The famous teenage detective from the east!
Ah... We couldn't locate him either way.
So, we don't know if he'll enter the contest or not.
(Kazuha) Really?
It happens.

It is normal that they have not located it.
We will accompany Heiji Hattori on the island.
He told us that there were rooms available for escorts.
Not exactly.
There is only one very stormy guesthouse on the island.
For the time being, you can stay in this hotel tonight,
and tomorrow, when the filming is finished,
you can come to the island to pick up your friend.
I agree.
Mr. Director, who will be able to come with me, this boy?
We could say that he is my assistant.
As you wish, but he will have to sleep in your room.
(Kazuha) This boat is huge!
How many people can it hold?
That there is one representative
for each of Japan's 47 prefectures?
No, and now!
We have summoned detectives from the north, south, east and west.
The ship was just a reference point so that no one would get lost.
What? Our boat is that way.
-It's this boat. -Wow...
We can get on now.
We don't have much time.
Listen Hattori.
Say.
The stranger, this man, the director of the Nichiuri chain?
No.
I've never seen him before.
He told me he'd wear a jacket with the chain's logo on it
because he recognized him.
(Kazuha) Heiji!
You are the representative of the Kansai region.
If you lose, I won't forgive you!
Trust me!
Everyone will know who Heiji Hattori is in Heiji Hattori!
(Director) When we arrived at the island,
you should try not to leave your rooms
until dinner time.
After dinner things will start to happen,
so don't let your guard down.
Be vigilant.
So that the contest will start as soon as we get to the island.
Understood.
Okay.
"How strange."
"This being a detective school,
"I expected a little more enthusiasm."
Hey, why did you want me to come with you on the island?
Do you need me to help you win the contest?
No, man!
The representative from the east, Shinichi Kudo, won't be coming,
so I thought you could participate in this contest.
I find there's nothing more boring than an easy win.
You're the only one who can make things a little more difficult.
Is that why you invited Ran and his father?
Ah... You're right.
If it was just me, they wouldn't let me participate.
(Coughs)
Mr. Tsuchio, are you dizzy?
No, it's the hangover.
He-he...
After yesterday's shooting, I went out and drank a little too much.
Apparently, now you're paying dearly for it.
Very expensive?
Well yes, the truth is that it was a little expensive, the joke.
Mr. Director, this expensive prank... will take its toll on you.
What's that?
Yes, the bill was very expensive... Ah, I get it!
It was all a play on words.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Wow!
This pair are smarter than I thought.
Yes.
(Man) The detective school?
From the Nichiuri TV station?
I'm sorry, but we don't have any reservations from this network.
Please make sure, man!
There must be a reservation with dinner and breakfast included.
I'm sorry, sir.
What is it? Is there a problem.
Welcome.
My name is Renzo Koya,
I will be at your service during your stay on the island.
It's my pleasure.
Please come with me.
I will escort you to the boarding house.
Hey, Mr. Director.
I understand that the teenage detective from the east hasn't come.
Well, I have a proposition to make.
Wait, wait, wait!
By the way, by the way.
The representative from the East came here first thing this morning
and he's already settled in.
What? What does he say, now!
Is he serious?
Yes, he told me his name was...
(Phone keys: pip-pip)
(Boy) I imagined it!
An island lost in the middle of the sea and isolated from the outside world.
It is located in the most suitable place
to become the scene of a good mystery.
Saguru Hakuba?
Y... who is this?
("And still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa...

