The light of summer is the glow of the past.
After the tears, a two-hour special!
Two very complicated cases to be solved in 3 days!
Go ahead, detectives!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"Three days with in Heiji Hattori. Part Four."
(Hakuba) There is something that strikes me.
Why has Tokitsu's corpse been sitting
on the board next to the window, the murderer?
It's a strange position.
He must have done it for a reason.
Or maybe the murderer just wanted...
Tokitsu's corpse to be seen from the outside,
through the window.
What about the lavender jar...
and the toolbox that's in every room?
If we don't open it, we won't get anything out of it.
I'll open it.
Just a moment.
I'll do it.
You go ahead.
A piece of wire, screws, pliers, a screwdriver..,
a drill, a square, pliers, a pair of pliers,
a bottle of carpenter's glue, a saw and a pair of shears.
It looks like an ordinary toolbox.
Yes, and it's pretty clear that the murder weapon came out of this box.
-With this string of tools, it could have been Tsuchio,
but so could the girl, and even the cook.
We'll check that the times match.
The times when we lost sight of them were as follows.
"Miss Koshimizu has been the sink.
"From 19 hours, 26 minutes and 32 seconds....
"Until the same time, 39 minutes and 15 seconds."
"Mr. Tsuchio has gone to his room to fetch the tobacco.
"At 8:00 p.m., 6 minutes and 47 seconds...
"And returned at 21 hours, 28 minutes and 31 seconds."
"And Mr. Koya,
"Who has come to Tokitsu's room to warn him,
"He has been out since 21 hours, 30 minutes and 6 seconds...
"Until the same time, 38 minutes and 52 seconds."
All 3 have had plenty of time to commit the crime.
"But he even wrote down the seconds!"
You are right,
"But Mr. Koya has been in the kitchen most of the time."
"Could he have moved without us noticing?"
No, the kitchen window is secured....
so it can't be opened all the way.
Besides, the window looks out onto the patio.
The kitchen door is here.
The only way I had to get out of the kitchen
was to go through the dining room and past us.
Therefore, it is evident that Mr. Koya has not moved from the kitchen.
This is a map of the second floor.
The 4 rooms have an almost identical layout.
Except for the orientation of the windows.
You have rushed a lot to do your homework!
Think that I arrived on the island half a day before you.
I have a question.
Where does the electricity come from that allows us to have light?
It's true.
It is an uninhabited island.
In the warehouse there is a very simple electricity generator.
Let's take a look, Heiji?
The emergency radio is also in the warehouse, isn't it?
That's right!
Someone smashed it.
This is the generator?
Wasn't it locked, the warehouse?
No.
There was a padlock, but Mr. Koya will have the key.
"The padlock! It looks like someone picked it."
(Heiji) This is full of muddy footprints!
They must be Tsuchio's.
He's the only one who came out of the boarding house when it started raining.
What do you think of all this, Hakuba?
Eh?
Wow!
There isn't one.
Caram!
He's vanished without a word.
(Hakuba) It's not... It's not... It's not!
"In the toolbox in his room... there is no wire."
He's not back, in Hakuba?
In Hakuba?

But I thought the three of them were together!
What did you find out?
I saw you searching the whole warehouse.
-Yes, but not yet... You won't find anything!
Hip!
"Ha-ha! This one doesn't miss a pass!"
Bah!
I'll pass you off as detectives,
but when it comes down to it, he doesn't even know where to start!
You're shorter than a rabbit's tail.
I'll prove to you that we haven't wasted our time
by telling you my deductions.
"I knew it. I should have figured it out."
"I'm sure of it. The culprit... it's her!"
"It was him!"
Attention!
The person who has killed in Tokitsu and disappeared was...
...Mr. Renzo Koya.
When you think a little, the conclusions come to themselves.
In Tokitsu he said it would take him about an hour or so
to prove his closed room theory.
This means that it was a trick that took quite a bit of time to prepare.
"When he had everything ready, Mr. Koya went to look for her,
"He killed her and took advantage of the preparations he had made in Tokitsu...
"To make it look as if the crime had been committed in a locked room."
Nor Miss Koshimizu, who got up to go to the bathroom...
right after Tokitsu went to his room..,
nor Mr. Tsuchio, who went out to fetch the tobacco,
could not have committed the crime.
This means that there is only one possible murderer,
the man who went alone to look for Tokitsu.
Mr. Koya is the culprit.
Only... it could have been you.
(Hakuba) Are you sure?
I thought you couldn't disappoint me anymore, but I was wrong.
I'm sorry, but it wasn't Koya-san.
The real culprit is a person
capable of picking and closing a lock with a simple piece of wire.
That is... Mr. Tsuchio.
-It was you, wasn't it? -I had nothing to do with it!
When he pretended he was going to get some tobacco,
he opened the padlock that closed the warehouse door.
"Someone had forced it, and threw it inside the warehouse,
"while it was still a dock."
"This means that only he can have forced you,
"who is the only one who left the boarding house while it was raining."
"Also, I've searched the toolbox in his room,
"And only the piece of wire is missing."
And how did he do the locked room trick?
He arrived on the island 3 days before we did.
"To inspect the terrain."
"I guess he must have taken advantage of the fact that he was alone.
"To make a small hole in the window pane of the room."
"Tonight, after he died in Tokitsu.
"He went out of the window,
"He passed a piece of wire through the hole in the glass...
"and locked the latch from the outside."
Until poor Hattori arrived.
"You entered the room by breaking the window,
"So we won't know if the glass was broken or not."
Then, Mr. Tsuchio broke the radio in the storeroom...
so that we would feel insecure.
He intended to take advantage of our state of nervousness
so that he could kill someone else.
-Am I wrong, Tsuchio? -Oh, so much!
Oh, so much!
I think so.
Even if the murderer had foreseen
that Heiji would think of entering through the window,
there was no way he could have known which of the four panes of glass he would break.
Besides, en Heiji can be a bit impulsive,
but if there had been a hole, he would have noticed it right away.
"Me, impulsive? This nano deserves a slap!"
(Hakuba) But I'm sure
that the person who forced the chain was Mr. Tsuchio!
-Yes, this man has very long hands,
but this was his only crime.
Unless, in your head,
thieves can be compared
with the most dangerous criminals and murderers.
"This is very relative."
So what is the solution to the mystery of the locked room?
It comes down to a very simple trick.
"First of all, you have to unscrew the screws in the frame....
"And take out the entire window."
"Next, the screws are broken with pliers,
"And that's it."
"All that remains is to put the screws back into the window frame...
"and smear it with carpenter's glue."
"Then, the murderer leaves the room...

"And glue the window to the frame."
"At first glance, it looks like the window is screwed to the frame.
"But the screws are too short."
"The window is just glued with carpenter's glue."
And the person who has done it has been....
Wait.
The last person to go to Tokitsu's room
was you, Mr. Koya.
You're the only suspect.
What are you saying, Heiji?
He couldn't...!
He waited for Tokitsu,
who set up the locked room trick, to let his guard down...
and then he killed her with a hammer blow.
-I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but Mr. Koya can't have done what you say.
Well, I can prove it to you.
In Tokitsu's room, on the floor, I found this piece of screw.
"How can that be?" "Impossible!"
Ha-ha!
What do you think?
It seems to me that it is irrefutable proof.
You forgot to pick up one of the screws, didn't you?
When you broke it in half with the pliers,
you dropped it on the floor and couldn't find it.
I knew it.
I knew it was you, the murderer from Tokitsu.
"Hattori..."
In Tokitsu said it would take an hour to prepare the trick,
"Because you had to wait for the carpenter's glue to dry."
"Unscrewing the screws and breaking them is done in a moment,"
but the glue takes more than half an hour to dry,
even though it's some of the fastest glue around.
"This means that, after only half an hour," he says,
"In Tokitsu, he could have finished preparing everything
"And he would have waited outside the room."
"While we were having dinner quietly in the dining room,
"All but one person..."
Therefore, the only person who could have killed him is you,
because you were the first one to leave the dining room.
You made it look like you were in the bathroom,
"You went to Tokitsu's room...
"And you came in with the excuse that you too had discovered the trick.
"And you wanted to compare the two solutions."
"You killed her by taking advantage of a moment of distraction,
"You have finished preparing the trick that Tokitsu had left half-finished.
"And you left the room locked."
"Then, you entered through the front door...
"And you returned to the dining room as if nothing had happened."
However, it's only a hypothesis,
because I have no proof that it was you.
In fact, I found this vis in the storage room.
It belonged to the broken radio.
You must have made sure that you didn't neglect any vis to ground,
and I figured you'd get nervous
if I made it look like I'd found one.
Besides, I knew that, if I deflected suspicion and accused Mr. Koya,
I took the opportunity
to check that all the screws went to the place where you had hidden them.
Even so, the truth is that I didn't expect you...
that you would reach into your pocket to count them.
To count the screws you had.
In fact, I knew you had at least one vis,
because you bent down to pick it up
when you made it look like you were afraid of thunder.
"You knew we had gone to search the warehouse."
"What were you doing by the window, if you were so scared?"
"When you bent down in the room.
"You did it to pick up a screw you'd left on the floor, didn't you?"
Am I wrong? I'd say you did it for...
Holes in your ears.
You covered your ears to hide the holes in your earrings, didn't you?
How did you do that?
Earrings?
I don't understand.
That's why you had your helmets on in the boat.
For fear that the wind would ruffle your hair and your ears would show.
In England there are many girls who wear their ears pierced,
that's why I hadn't noticed this detail.
-Earlier you said that in your school there were very strict rules.
How come they let you wear earrings?
Yes, in fact, they didn't let me.
I'm 20 years old,
it's been 2 years since I graduated and finished high school.
I wore my uniform so we wouldn't suspect anything,
but it was a failure.
I even told you about the strict rules
to pass myself off as a student in an all-girls high school.
But why didn't you have to do this?
Why did you want to gather

Japan's best teenage detectives?
I did it because I wanted to find out the truth.
What truth?
The truth about the mysterious murder of the Lavender family.
It was a teenage detective who solved the case, wasn't it?
Yes.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
Was this teenage detective in Tokitsu?
Hm.
But the newspapers didn't say who he was
nor did they give many details about the case.
Yes, in Tokistu he ended up at the mansion by chance,
while traveling on the island of Shikoku,
solved the mystery of the locked room
and left without saying who he was.
"Because of her," my best friend accused,
"who worked as a maid at the Lavender mansion."
"They said that she and her late mistress were alone
"when the crime was committed.
"I had also been investigating the mansion,
"a month before that mysterious detective appeared."
"My friend suspected it had been a homicide,
"and asked me to look into the case."
"But I found nothing."
"The only possible conclusion was...
"that the victim had locked herself in the room and committed suicide."
So why did your friend, the police, insist so much on accusing?
-After a month, the detective showed up and found something.
"It was the end of a vis that had ended up in the garden,
"under the window of the room where the woman had died."
"He then discovered...
"That the window was glued with carpenter's glue."
What?
How come you didn't notice it before?
It's not that I didn't notice.
It was the trace that Mr. Tsuchio left behind..,
when he went to the mansion a few days later...
posing as the cleaner.
He was to leave the window ready
"So that he could break in when there was no one in the mansion."
Now I understand why his face changed
when we started talking about the Lavender mansion.
You wanted to flee the island, didn't you?
(Natsuki) "After half a year,
"In Tokitsu, he discovered the trick the thief had prepared."
(Natsuki) "To show off his powers of deduction,
"He told the police and the press that it had been a murder."
"If he had examined in more detail the vis he found on the floor," he said,
"He would have seen that it had only been in the garden for a short time...
"And that it was unrelated to the case."
"In the end, Tokitsu realized that he had made a mistake...
"And decided to hide his name."
"That's why no one knew...
"Who was the teenage detective who had solved the case."
The only clue I had was the message
my friend left me just before she killed herself.
There's a teenage detective who speaks very strangely
and who suspects me!
Help me!
Help me, Natsuki!
This is what she said to me.
Now I understand.
When he told you that I was talking in a strange way,
you thought it could only be me,
that I've been living in a foreign country for a long time,
in Hattori, who speaks with a Kansai accent,
or Tokitsu, who spoke of "a servant"...
when he wanted to refer to himself.
Yes.
Besides, you 3...
are the only teenage detectives the police respect.
So, you're going to rule out Shinichi Kudo from the start, right?
"Shut up!"
Since Kudo was the most famous,
I used his name when I talked to the maid in Hakuba.
Then, when all of us detectives had arrived at the boarding house,
you are going to sleep Mr. Tsuchio and the flirting glass,
you're going to recreate the locked room trick
"That they used at the Lavender mansion.
"And you waited for your victim to identify."
That's right.
I left a box with all the necessary tools in each room.
with a vase of lavender next to it,
"With the intention that the teenage detective
"They immediately remember the Lavender case,
"thanks to the smell of the plant,
"and realized that it was the same trick."
"In the mansion there was lavender everywhere."
Mr. Koya, who was the butler of the house at the time,
I'm sure he remembers.
Yes.
I was very, from my mistress.
Se-ma'am!
But why did you make him come here?

-He knew why his mistress had committed suicide, and he didn't tell.
I did...
(Koya) Miss, the medicines!
(Koya) Let me go!
Don't tell me what to do!
...for the honor of my mistress.
I was incapable of explaining it to the police...
I let them accuse that poor girl
because I didn't want them to find out.
I didn't know things would end up like this!
It was all my fault!
But... wait a minute.
I understand that you resent them,
but why did you make them come?
Well... because no one will come to rescue us.
"I bought the silence of the captain of the boat
"by telling him that, if he didn't keep the secret,
"I would not pay him the money I owed him."
He could not be let off this island.
He could not be let go,
although endevinéssiu all my plans..., no.
"Just before I killed him,
"In Tokitsu he was proudly explaining everything to me...
"The wrong conclusions he drew
"when he was investigating the Lavender Manor case."
"He was a despicable individual."
So, the radio also the...?
Yes, I've rotated it too, of course.
If we have to die, we'll die together.
I feel sorry for you, boy.
Don't apologize to me, miss.
They'll come to help us soon.
I'm sure they will.
Listen to me.
Earlier you said
that you had arrived on the island half a day before us, right?
I imagine you came with your private yacht.
No, and now!
What happened is that I arrived at the port before the scheduled time.
"I knew there was a boarding house that had long since been abandoned,
"where there was room for a lot of people.
"So, I looked for a ship that had recently transported...
"Food and fuel to an uninhabited island."
"When I found it, it brought me here."
"It cost me an arm and a leg!"
So, if I understand correctly, it turns out that no one knows you're here, Hakuba?
No, and I guess you haven't told anyone either, have you?
Man.
In fact, I've left a hint, but I don't know if you caught it.
"What are you hinting at?"
(Engine: approaching)
-Listen up! -What's that noise?
What if the generator had broken down too?
The generator doesn't make this noise.
It's true!
This noise is...
Heiji!
Heiji!
It's the Kazuha!
The Kazuha has come for me!
How did you know?
Before I left,
Heiji left his cap in the boat in case something happened.
Trust me, beautiful!
Everyone will know who he is in Heiji Hattori!
Look, in Hattori it's there!
And in Conan too!
Is that so?
Heiji!
You deserved it!
If you'd told me everything from the beginning,
you wouldn't have ended up with 5 grommets in your head!
-I think it was 6. -I get it!
Here!
(Natsuki) Here!
(Natsuki) I didn't know you were such an impulsive detective.
-How?
When you found the door knob stained with blood,
you slammed it.
Then, you broke the glass....,
I had to lean the corpse against the window.
I was afraid that you'd give the window a shove
and the glue would peel off.
I'm sorry. I'm hot-blooded.
I'm hot-blooded.
Don't be embarrassed.
Good detectives are...
the ones who believe in the possibility that a victim is alive
until proven otherwise.
Isn't that right, kid?
(sighs)
If the gods would forgive me one day,
the truth is that I would like to...
participate with you... in a School of Detectives.
to go back
and plug up my ear holes to pass myself off as a boy.
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...
Ran, what do you see?
What is it, Shinichi Kudo?
I don't see it...
(Kogoro) "Of course he's not!"
(Kogoro) "I heard that Miss Hiroko Inoue was murdered."
"I saw her very happy."
"She was saying that, at last, happy times would come."
"What if it had been a simple robbery?"
"No. There's something that makes my head dance."
Listen to me!
You have seen the murderer!

Tell me who it was!
Who was the bastard who did it?!
Don't miss the next episode: "A yellow alibi"!

