The light of summer is the glow of the past.
After the tears, a two-hour special!
Two very complicated cases to be solved in 3 days!
Go ahead, detectives!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"Three days with in Heiji Hattori, part three."
(Male) Now that the teenage detectives from the north, the south....,
east and west are assembled, it's time for introductions.
-Okay, but... Are you sure?
Where are they, the cameras?
Besides, there is no one here from the Nichiuri chain!
Yes, it's just that the TV people and the program director...
won't arrive until tomorrow.
I thought you'd like to get here as soon as possible.
Understood.
My name is Natsuki Koshimizu.
I'm a junior.
I was born in Fukuoka,
and that's why I was called to represent the southern detectives,
but I've only solved about a hundred cases,
and I still can't call myself a professional.
Don't be too picky with me!
My name is Junia Tokitsu.
I was born in Tokyo, but I have always lived in Hokkaido,
so I'm the representative of the northern detectives.
I have solved about 300 cases in total,
and thanks to yours truly, 250 criminals have been arrested.
I have also solved cases where the culprit has fled and committed suicide.
I am Heiji Hattori.
I am the famous detective of the Kansai region.
I have solved a total of... one, two, three...
Forgive me,
I stopped counting them when I had over 1,000,
and of course, I can't remember anymore.
-More than 1,000 cases? -God is nothing!
Hattori!
You mean you haven't exaggerated a little?
It's true!
I also counted the cats
I was asked to look for when I was little.
It's a pleasure.
So you're Heiji Hattori.
My father has told me a lot about you.
He told me you're a young detective with a keen nose.
What's that?
Wow!
How come your father knows me so well, if I don't know him?
So that your situation is similar to his.
Oh, yeah? What does it look like, Hakuba?
Yes.
My father is a superintendent of the Metropolitan Police.
It turns out that your father is also the chief of police of Osaka Prefecture,
so we have a lot in common.
By the way, you still haven't told us how many cases you've solved.
Now that you mention it, it must be about 500 in total.
What a pittance!
I've solved twice as many.
Yes, but I'm sure you've solved all the cases you've been assigned...
you've solved them without leaving Japan.
What's that supposed to mean?
I've been studying at a school in England for a long time now...
and I only go back to Japan once in a while,
but my family's old maid
is taking on cases for me on her own.
I didn't expect that!
Detective Hakuba, famous abroad,
is the representative of the East!
I thought it was Shinichi Kudo, the representative of the East.
That's right!
There's only one detective from the east, and that's Shinichi Kudo!
I don't know what you are doing here.
The director of the Nichiuri chain called at the house
and talked to the maid.
He told her that he couldn't get hold of Kudo
and wanted me to represent the eastern detectives instead of him.
"The poor woman was upset
"That I was called in to replace another contestant,
"And she tearfully asked me to prove to everyone
"that I, in Saguru Hakuba, was the true representative of the East."
"That's why I decided to come back from England."
But I can see that perhaps I am not the most suitable one
to represent the eastern region of my beloved country.
-Of course you are not! I'll make you a proposal.
How about if I participate in the contest
as a guest from abroad...

...and Conan Edogawa participates as a representative of the eastern detectives?
as a representative of the eastern detectives?
This guy has an extraordinary capacity for deduction
that I would even go so far as to say surpasses that of this I-don't-know-what Kudo.
"I-don't-know-what?"
Ah.
But he's just a kid, poor thing!
Yes.
All right, all right!
Sounds like a good idea.
And now, I'd like to go to my room to rest.
Yours truly is also a little hungry.
Ah... Yes, of course.
Oh, right.
Yes.
Mr. Koya is preparing dinner for you.
"I'll let you know when it's ready."
"By the way, I have to check...
"that I'm wearing the right clothes for tomorrow's shoot,
"So I'd appreciate it if you'd come down for dinner...
"in the Detective School uniform
"that I told you about on the phone."
What?
What are you saying?!
That this program doesn't exist?
Are you serious, Yoko?
Yes, I've asked my colleagues...
and no one knows anything about this program "Detective School".
Are you sure, that this gentleman who received him...
was from the Nichiuri network?
"Yes, he was wearing a jacket with the chain's logo...
"And his name was... Hiro Tsuchio."
What?!
Isn't that the name of the director of the chain?!
So, the man who took Conan and Heiji on the island...
...who was he?
You could see it coming,
that the uniform of the Detective School would be something like this.
I only dress like this
to go to school or to go to a funeral.
By the way, I was quite surprised...
that you met such a repellent individual.
Yes, in Saguru Hakuba.
We met a long time ago.
You didn't like him that much?
Of course I did!
He's a show-off and he's gone to his head.
I don't know who he reminds me of.
Are you serious?
Although I prefer your innocent boyish looks to his fumes.
I'm glad you do.
But... anyway, from now on we'll be rivals.
Whatever happens, we won't be able to talk, you and me.
- (door: knock) -Come in.
Excuse me.
Dinner is ready, you can all go down to the dining room now.
The guesthouse building looks quite old.
(Hakuba) It looks like it's been renovated.
Who is the owner?
(Koya) It looks like it belonged to a multimillionaire
who didn't use it anymore and sold it for a good price.
(Heiji) Wow...
By the way, has that girl already gone down to the dining room?
-It's not here. -It's the girl?
No, I'll tell him to come down right now.
That there is also a girl on the island?
Sure, she's come with us.
Come on, let's go!
Dinner is ready.
Already?
It's getting late!
Oh, my gosh!
I've been stalling too long!
If it isn't... a girl!
The rules at my school are very strict.
The skirt must be below the knees;
the scarf must be symmetrical;
socks, black;
I can't get a perm, if I pluck my eyebrows I'm expelled and...
I have been scolded several times because I dye my hair.
It's all the same!
Tonight there are still no cameras, don't try so hard.
Yes, you're right.
May I know why you didn't wear a uniform?
I don't need to!
In England, the country where I'm studying,
students don't wear uniforms.
(Natsuki) What a good face!
Did you prepare all this yourself, sir?
Yes. Come on!
What about the headmaster?
(Natsuki) I don't know.
When I knocked on the door of his room, he didn't answer,
so I don't know if he'll come down for dinner or not.
Can you escort us to his room, sir?
(Koya) Mr. Tsuchio!
Dinner is ready!
It won't open!
He's locked the door and must have gone to sleep.
It's blood!
There's blood on the doorknob!
-Do you have a copy of the key? -No, there are no keys.
All the rooms are locked only from the inside.
They can't be locked from outside.
In all rooms there are 2 windows.
-We will try to get in through the window! - (knock)
What are you doing?
Iaaaaah!
Mr. Tsuchio!
Mr. Tsuchio! Mr. Tsuchio!
The window of the room is... closed.
And the latch on the door was securely fastened.
It's a closed-door murder?
Yes.
I mean, we could say it would be a murder...
if Mr. Tsuchio were dead.
He's alive!
Sir!
Are you all right?
What a rest!

What happened, sir?
Ah... A little while ago someone knocked on my door.
"I went out to see who it was, but no one was there."
"When I came back in,
"Someone appeared behind me and put me to sleep."
Detective School, first test.
Solve the mystery of the locked room.
As soon as you have found the solution,
you will have to write on a piece of paper that you will give to me.
If the solution is correct,
you will pass to the second test and we will allow you to leave the island.
-Agreed? -Goodness!
I thought the contest hadn't started yet, but I see it has.
So, there must be a hidden camera here...
that's recording everything.
I didn't expect that!
I thought the first test consisted of finding out
that this man is not a real director.
What's that?
What nonsense!
I am the director of the Nichi chain...
Don't keep pretending.
"Earlier in Tokitsu told him that he was 'paying dearly'."
"In television parlance, this expression is used....
"when filming goes on too long and becomes too heavy."
"Afterwards, the lady said the joke would take its toll."
"The joke was about the program."
You're not a freshly graduated intern,
and there isn't a director who doesn't know the jargon
that is used in television networks.
Also, the drawing you're wearing on the jacket?
is a little different from the original Nichiuri network logo.
The spiral is upside down.
My colleagues have set a trap for you
and realized that you weren't a real director.
But we'll talk when we've solved the first test, Tsuchio.
I'm sorry, but yours truly has beaten you all to it.
What?
I alone have discovered... the trick of the locked room.
And I'll prove it to you.
-Wow! -You've already figured it out?
If it's true, why don't you just tell us?
This can't be right.
If you explain your theory in front of everyone,
the others will already know the trick.
That's why it's better if you write it down on a piece of paper
and send it directly to me.
Just think that this is only the first test.
The contest has only just begun.
Don't worry.
I wasn't planning to do it in front of everyone.
But even if I did, I'm sure yours truly would win anyway.
You have a lot of confidence in yourself, huh?
If you say so...
But I guess your theory must not be
that Mr. Tsuchio has entered the room,
locked himself in, and tied his hands and feet, right?
No.
And now!
If it had been so, the detective from the west, which has untied it,
would have noticed, even if he is only a mediocre young detective.
Me, mediocre?
You have acted unwisely.
When you discovered that the doorknob was stained with blood,
you burst through the door to enter the room.
"We should have had to take a look inside the room.
"Through the window before bursting the door,
"or enter through the window by breaking its glass."
"If Mr. Tsuchio had been dead
"And leaned against the door,"
the corpse would have inevitably moved
and would have destroyed all the surrounding evidence.
What are you saying?!
When I burst the door...
You wanted to enter the room before anyone else
to give you importance, we already know that.
How can you consider yourself a good detective, if you do this?
What are you talking about? Heiji is not mediocre.
"Kudo!"
It's just that in Heiji it's a bit impulsive.
"What are you saying!"
If I may,
I'll go to my room to finish proving my theory.
If you don't mind, you guys could wait for me there having dinner.
I'll be about an hour.
-That long? -Of course...
That's how long it's been
since Mr. Koya has accompanied us in our rooms
until we found Mr. Tsuchio in the locked room.
-You can see that it's a trick that takes a lot of effort to prepare.
Yes, I would say that it is...
Oh, by the way...
I warn you that it is a trick that is too refined by the sleight-of-hand detectives
who don't have two fingers in front.
In any case, I don't think you'll make the same mistake again,
if only for the prestige of your region.

and for the honor of your father, the police chief of Osaka.
Isn't that right, representative of the West?
However, I must admit that I like impulsive detectives like you,
I have to admit I like hot-headed detectives like you.
What?
I told you! What's wrong with you, Kazuha?
Nothing... I had a bad feeling.
Even though your cell phone is turned off?
(Woman) "This cell phone is turned off..."
Yes.
Every time I call him, his cell phone is turned off or out of range.
(Woman) Wow...
Hey, Ran.
Don't you have a strange feeling?
Strange? Yes.
Strange.
It's as if something disturbing and mysterious
is about to attack Heiji.
Don't be exaggerated!
In Hattori is very clever,
I'm sure he and Conan will come back quietly.
But I can't get it out of my head.
I can't stop thinking
the look on Heiji's face when he got into the boat
and that man took them to who knows where?
And you, have you been able to talk to Conan?
Not yet?
No.
His cell phone has no reception.
If Shinichi Kudo had gone to the island with Heiji
as a representative of the eastern detectives,
she'd be calmer.
(Woman) "This cell phone is turned off or out of range."
"In Shinichi also has his cell phone turned off. Oh!"
"What if it was with them?"
"I have no reception."
"This island is cut off from the outside world."
What?
I can't believe it!
I went to the toilet for a moment and it's almost all gone?!
-Hey!
And the others, what?! - It's just that I was starving, girl.
Well!
Now that you have a full belly, maybe it would be a good time to talk.
-What do you think, fake director? -What? -What?
I'd like you to explain to us
for those of you who have entered the Detective School competition
as a fake director.
If you didn't come here to evaluate our talent,
what role do you have?
I can't tell you.
If I did, they wouldn't want to pay me my fair share.
-Who?
The Nichiuri chain? -Yes.
But perhaps you can answer another question...
that has intrigued me ever since we arrived at this mess of a boarding house.
It's the smell of lavender that you can smell everywhere.
It's true, in our room there is also a jar full of lavender.
You are right.
There's one in my room too.
(Heiji) "There is lavender in every room."
(Heiji) "And next to the vase there's a toolbox."
It's all related, isn't it?
I don't know, it's possible.
It's a detective's job to find out these kinds of things.
You know that better than anyone else.
That's true, sir,
but it's a bit difficult to investigate
on an island completely cut off from the outside world.
The Lavender Manor murder case.
It's the only case I can recall
that has anything to do with lavender.
It happened a year ago, on the island of Shikoku.
That's right, I've heard about it too.
I remember that the victim was the daughter of the Lavender family.
(Girl: called)
Oh!
Miss!
(cries)
After half a year,
the police came to the conclusion that it had been a homicide.
Do they know who the murderer was?
I heard that he committed suicide before he was caught.
That he is not well?
Will you excuse me for a moment?
I have neglected tobacco in the room.
(Trona)
(Trona) Oh!
It's started to rain cats and dogs.
What happened to it?
Where does it come from so spring?
You had to go out to look for a cigarette machine?
No, it's just that I went for a walk...
Don't you think that boy is taking a little too long?
What's he doing?
That's right.
He's been gone for two hours.
Well, I'll go look for him and ask him if he's got enough.
Ok, thank you.
What?!
What do you mean, he's not here?
Yes, I knocked several times and there was no answer..,
but the door was locked from the inside,
what if something happened to her?
Of course it did!
He has prepared his demonstration and must be hiding,
Enri from us.
It's strange!
If he had solved the mystery,
he would have come to explain it to us right away.
I'll go to his window to check that he's all right.
I'll go with you.
I don't want you to burst another door.
Do what you want.
Look out!
He's inside, though!

But, but his face is full of blood!
Yes... Come on, let's go!
Where are you going?
Wait for me!
Is everything all right, Hattori?
My God!
This boy is dead!
What have you found?
He's been hit on the head and the boy is dead on the spot.
The murder weapon was this hammer, stained with blood.
He must have taken it
from the toolbox next to the lavender vase.
-Was the window closed? -Yes, the knocker was on.
It was closed until I broke the glass and opened it.
The window frame is tight with a couple of screws.
Also, on closer inspection,
it doesn't look like anyone forced the front door open.
There is no other exit and no closet where he could have been hiding.
A murder mystery...
Besides, the killers...
can only have been Miss Koshimizu,
Mr. Tsuchio and Mr. Koya.
-May I ask what you're implying? -Why us?
You are absolutely right, Conan.
When Tokitsu told us that she was going to her room
"To prepare the demonstration and left,
"The rest of us went down to the dining room and started dinner."
"I got up right away to go to the bathroom.
"And I was out for about 10 minutes."
"When I had just returned,
"Mr. Tsuchio went to get the tobacco...
"that he had forgotten in the room,
"And Mr. Koya also went out to go to Tokitsu to make an announcement."
On the other hand, in Hakuba and the two of you...
stayed in the dining room the whole time.
That's why we are the only suspects.
Wait a minute!
I came here because I was hired!
And may I ask who?
I don't think a real murder
is part of a TV show.
Well, I was convinced that I worked for television!
I'm an actor in a theater company...
The Nichiuri Television sent me a letter
with a signed contract
to impersonate the director of the network.
They paid me 500,000 yen and offered me 500,000 yen more if no one found out I was a director.
500,000 more if no one found out I was a fake director.
-It was a very tempting offer! -What if we found out?
If I was found out, they promised me 250,000 yen...
on the condition that I would play the clueless one...
so that the program could end without incident.
And why did he go outside and come back soaking wet
when you said you had to go to your room
to get the tobacco because he had neglected it?
Uh...
"Because I wanted to use the radio for emergencies.
"That's in the storeroom."
"But it was broken!"
"When I went there 3 days ago, it was in perfect condition."
-You're serious? -Yes!
This is very strange, Mr. Tsuchio.
You had gone to the warehouse before the murder was committed.
How could you have known that there would be an emergency
and that I would need the radio?
"I had a bad feeling. Really!"
And you, Mr. Koya?
Were you also hired as Mr. Tsuchio?
Yes.
I arrived on the island 2 days ago as a cook and cleaner.
When I was hired,
I had just been fired
from the house where I had been working as a butler for years.
But you knew the locked room trick, didn't you?
We had to write it on a piece of paper and give it to him.
I was told to give him these instructions
if anything happened in a locked room,
and to hide the answer papers under the carpet in the washroom.
This will mean that there is someone else hiding in this boarding house,
besides you.
You're wrong!
I don't know anything!
As for me, guys, I can't tell you anything new.
The fake director asked me
to participate in a teen detective contest
as a representative of the south.
Ah!
Thunder scares the crap out of me!
Somebody close the window, please!
Hurry up!
Okay, okay, okay!
Don't suffer, I'll protect you from the storm and solve this case.
"Who does he think he is?"
I propose that the 3 suspects wait on the floor below,
the dining room, while we investigate the murder.
Then, you too t'hauríem to ask who waits for you downstairs.
Me?
You are too impulsive and even... you can be dangerous.
What?
Everything is full of glass that you have broken!
In addition, you have entered with muddy shoes...
and you've left the table full of footprints.

I'm sure there are your fingerprints on the door too.
Well, no, sir!
I opened it with a handkerchief!
"It's not him, who should be angry."
You are a pathetic detective.
My father had told me you were good,
but I see he took you for what you're not.
I'll escort the suspects into the dining room
and we'll start investigating,
but try... not to destroy any more evidence,
representative of the west.
Hey, Kudo... Do you think... I'm making a mistake?
Nothing... not even the slightest.
(Kogoro) No way!
It was a man with a mustache, 3 high school students and a little boy.
All 3 of them went up together in a boat!
I tell you it can't be that no one saw them!
What to think, Kazuha?
I just... I can't stop thinking about Heiji's gesture...
when he got into the boat.
"Trust me, child! Everyone will know who he is in Heiji Hattori!"
The cap!
He showed me the cap!
Hey, Ran.
I think I know why Heiji pointed out his cap to me.
Do you think he might mean...?
("And still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

