Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
-Auxili! - (door: knock)
(Man) Police!
Open the door!
The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, a two-hour special!
Two very complicated cases that we'll solve in three days!
Go ahead, detectives!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"Three days with Heiji Hattori", (Part 1)
These cherry trees are beautiful!
It's true.
At the cherry blossom festival, there's always a lot of atmosphere.
We did well to come! Hm.
Thank you for joining me, Ran.
Ahem...
If you have someone to thank,
you should thank me, in Kogoro Mouri,
who spent the whole day driving around
to take in some high school students who came from Osaka
and wanted to see the cherry blossoms.
Isn't that right? Of course, Father!
I know that, sir.
Speaking of ungrateful people,
there are some... who would rather eat
than gaze at cherry blossoms.
"But it was in Heiji,
"who invited me to the cherry blossom festival!"
Look, Kazuha!
What beautiful pinwheels!
You're right!
I'll buy one.
-How much are they worth? -200 yen.
I want one too.
What are you looking at?
You seem a bit absent-minded.
Well, didn't you call me because you wanted to ask me a favor?
What?
Yeah, I did.
I remember... you told me about a high school student with glasses, right?
Ah, yes, one called Eisuke Hondo.
He's a sophomore.
It seems he goes to the same class as Ran.
Could you help investigate him, you?
Me?
And why does it have to be me?
What does it have to do with Osaka?
In fact, I'd like you to investigate...
a girl who looks like Eisuke Hondo.
She's called Rena Mizunashi, and she's from the Men in Black Organization.
The Rena Mizunashi?
She's a TV station anchorwoman!
She's on sick leave now.
I wouldn't have said she was also from the Men in Black!
Hey, Hattori!
Shut up!
Xxxxt!
Xxxxt!
Please don't call.
She's on leave because she had a motorcycle accident
while being chased by the FBI,
"and was seriously injured."
"She is in a coma and remains in the hospital."
Yeah, but... why do you want me to investigate her?
You could have asked... that tall, thin individual,
Inspector Takagi.
There's a photo.
What?
More than 10 years ago, someone took a picture...
which happened to show Rena Mizunashi.
"It looks like it was hanging for a while...
"I don't know which website."
"She was in Tsutenkaku, and she was carrying a bag from the supermarket."
You mean this girl lived in Osaka?
I don't want to jump to conclusions,
but it looks like she personally tracked him down
through the TV station,
and, after a few days, they shut down the website...
Be that as it may, it's a very strange story.
That's why I would like to have it investigated,
as soon as possible, before Eisuke Hondo,
who I know is looking for her on the sly, beats you to it.
You mean it wouldn't be quicker
to wait for this... Hondo would find her
to catch him later and ask him a couple of good questions?
If they look as much alike as you say they do,
maybe they're related and the Eisuke Hondo is also one of the bad guys.
No, I don't think he's one of them.
The Eisuke Hondo behaves... a bit strangely.
Nice to meet you, Mouri!
It's an honor to be able to say hello.
See?
I got this wound a little late.
He showed up in Ran's class, coming from another high school.

But you say... that Rena Mizunashi looks a lot like this guy?
Yes, and she is indeed part of the Men in Black.
She must have killed one of Eisuke's relatives
and had plastic surgery.
She could easily have adopted someone else's identity.
Ask Inspector Otaki, who is a friend of yours, for help,
and investigate her cautiously and discreetly.
I want to know if this Mizunashi or Hondo... lived in Osaka, or not.
I understand.
If this woman is in Osaka and disappears suddenly,
then we'll know what happened.
(Boy) She disappeared!
I mean it!
I assure you that she disappeared as if by magic!
Fortunately, fate...
has brought a famous detective like you here!
Mr. Mouri, I beg you to help me solve this sad mystery!
Yes...
What happened? What happened, Mr. Kogoro?
This monk suddenly stopped us.
(Heiji) I beg your pardon?
That a person disappeared?
Yes.
I'm a simple novice of the temple you see up there.
By the way, my name is Denkyu, gentlemen.
The other day, a guest who had come to visit my master...
suddenly disappeared from her room.
Suddenly?
Our guest was a woman with long hair.
She stayed overnight in a secluded pavilion of the temple.
The next day, in the morning,
when I went to tell her that breakfast was ready...
She had disappeared?
Maybe she had left before breakfast.
No!
Although she was in the room, lying on the floor...
and with a knife... stuck in her stomach.
It was a terrible scene!
Eh?
The... the woman was dead?
That's right.
And you called the police, did you?
Of course I did!
I woke up the teacher, who was sleeping,
and then call the police.
Well then, when he disappeared?
Look, when the police arrived and I accompanied them in the ward,
the teacher was alone in the room.
"That woman had disappeared without a trace!"
"Even the blood on the tatami had evaporated! She was gone!"
It can't be...
Really?
And the teacher who told you what had happened?
He said that the woman had gone first thing in the morning,
and that it had probably been a dream.
Maybe you were sleeping and you imagined it.
This is impossible!
I saw it with my own eyes, sir!
All right, take it easy, man.
If you insist it was like that,
we can go to the temple and talk to your master personally.
(man) Oh, no!
So you're the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
And what's a celebrity like you doing
in a small temple hidden in a corner of the mountain?
Your young disciple in Denkyu has led us here.
I imagine that in Denkyu you have explained to them that, the other day,
he dreamed that our guest mysteriously disappeared
without a trace.
That's right.
That's what he told us.
The truth is that we have come to check it out, sir.
We would like to know if this monk dreamt it...
or if someone sneakily disposed of the woman's corpse
before the inspectors arrived at the temple...
to open a police investigation.
Heiji!
Yeah... You seem to me to have some pretty outlandish ideas, kid.
Okay, gentlemen.
I'll join you in the guest pavilion.
That's where the room is
that, my young disciple, swallows people.
(Kogoro) Mr. Master, apparently,
this pavilion is quite far from the main temple.
(Kogoro) Look!
We've left the monks' temple far behind, Ran!
(Kogoro) That's right!
Here we are.
Here we have the pavilion.
(Heiji) It looks like a pretty old building.
(Master) Yes, it's been more than 50 years since it was built.
Please come in.
There are 4 rooms of 8 tatamis each.
And where exactly was the woman's corpse when you found it?
Uh... At the back of the room, on the right hand side.
It was there.
What's there? I don't know.
It doesn't look like a reversible tatami either.
A statue of Buddha! Is it a guardian king?
It's Tamonten, one of the 4 heavenly kings.
This room, facing north, is Tamonten's room;
in the west room is Komokuten;
in the south room there is Zojoten,
and in the east room we have Jikokuten.

Each Buddha image is its rightful place.
You can touch it if you want, but, above all, be careful not to damage it.
What do you mean?
They are very valuable statues
that have been in Shogaku temple for a long time.
Well...
The truth is that it's getting a little late.
Stay the night at the temple, you can investigate tomorrow.
How about coming back here tomorrow at dawn?
Assuming... you still have something left...
you want to investigate, of course.
Understood.
(Kogoro) Are you serious, that you want to stay overnight at the temple?
Surely the monk dreamed it
and thought he had really seen it!
(Kogoro) You are right!
I think we should go back to Ran's house.
- (knock) - (knock)
-Aaaah! -Huh?
What a scare!
What do you want now?
I've... I've found another corpse in the middle of the room!
(At the same time) What?
It's a woman with a knife stuck in her belly!
-Is it the same room? -Yes!
Just like last time!
There's no one here, Denkyu!
It can't be!
I assure you it was here!
There's something you all should know.
Master!
I must say that, just so,
that day, we had not received any visit to the temple.
This woman you see must be your mother,
who died many years ago and her ghost still haunts you.
She cannot be.
No!
It wasn't a ghost, it was real!
Listen to me, boy...
I'm sure it was just an illusion
fruit of the love you still feel for your late mother.
But, master...
Eighteen years ago, your mother entrusted me with your education,
and she threw herself off a very high cliff into the sea.
-Really? -Yes. -Yes, she did.
I, the head monk of the temple, took her into Denkyu,
and have raised and educated her for 18 years.
As I am a monk who does not know how to say no,
I also took in two more orphans to the temple.
The other two left
because they were not suited to monastic life,
and now Denkyu and I live alone in the temple.
No wonder you still love your mother so much.
So, according to what you have just explained to us,
the dead woman you saw the other day in Denkyu was...
No, no, that day we hadn't even received any visitors.
But that morning, three days ago,
in Denkyu came looking for me all freaked out.
"I thought maybe someone who had gotten lost in the mountain.
"Had come into the pavilion without asking our permission,
"and I came to see what had happened, but no one was there."
Poor Denkyu!
What chilling visions my poor boy has...!
When the police inspectors arrived,
I told them and we understood each other right away.
I told them that our guest had left
first thing in the morning.
I guess the mystery is solved now, isn't it?
-Yes, of course not.
There was a woman in this room.
And it must not be more than 3 days ago,
which happens to be exactly when Denkyu found the body.
I suppose that neither you nor the young Denkyu
are not in the habit of disguising themselves as women, are you?
-As a woman? -Conan!
Why are you talking nonsense!
It's just that I found something on the floor.
It's this, look.
Mm?
It's an earring thread.
This, exactly.
The boy found this doughnut in the afternoon,
when we came to search the room
and we lifted the tatami to make sure it wasn't reversible.
"Threads are easily lost,
"so it could have fallen to the floor for any reason.
"And gotten under the tatami through a crack."
What we should find out now
is who owned this thread.
In any case, I'm sure she didn't lose it long ago,
because it still shines like new.
Now that you mention it, the woman I found here 3 days ago?
was also wearing earrings!
In this case, the answer is quite simple.
What she saw in Denkyu was not an illusion, but....
Wait a minute.
This doughnut could also be... from Bunkyu or Rinkyu,
the two young apprentices who lived in the temple a couple of months ago.
In Bunkyu and Rinkyu?
Yes, as I explained before,
I took in two more orphans besides Denkyu.
But, unlike in Denkyu,

the two other boys were always very naughty.
They would escape from the temple every night and go to have fun in the city.
They even disguised themselves so people wouldn't recognize them.
They disguised themselves?
(Teacher) "Yes."
"I don't know where they got the material,
"But they had wigs, earrings and clothes."
"They looked like two ordinary young people."
Is this true?
What?
Yes.
They used to come to the ward and often drank alcohol on the sly.
When the master found out, he scolded them hard.
In the end, they got tired of living in the temple...
and one fine day they both left together.
Since they also used the pavilion
to change clothes in their follies....,
they should accidentally lose the thread.
What, boy?
You're convinced now?
-Wow!
I'd say there's still something to make your heads dance.
If you want, you can continue to investigate this pavilion.
If Denkyu is right, and there have been two corpses in the room,
there would undoubtedly be traces of blood on the tatamis.
(Kazuha) Hey, Ran.
Don't you think they should be back by now?
Yes.
What if something bad happened to them?
If anything, you stay here, Ran.
I'll go see if everything's all right.
Wait for me, I'm coming too!
I think we should go back
and wait for the car quietly.
Ran, what do you say?
I agree with you.
Hey, do you remember how you found the bodies of the two women?
Ah, yes, I do.
The one I found 3 days ago was in that position.
And the woman you found a while ago?
It was in the middle of the room, she was lying on her back.
There was a lot of blood coming out of them? Yes.
Both the one and the other...
"They were in the middle of a pool of blood."
I think this is pretty unlikely, guys.
The body you found three days ago, maybe so,
but if the woman you discovered a little while ago
was lying face up,
there'd be a pretty big bloodstain on the tatami.
We've searched the room from top to bottom
and found no trace of blood.
This is true.
The master is right.
Surely what I must have seen is the ghost of my late mother.
I see you've finished, gentlemen.
Yes, we've had enough.
Denkyu, escort these gentlemen to the door.
Understood.
I will stay here for a while
to offer a prayer to 4 heavenly kings.
I will apologize for having disturbed the calm of the pavilion.
I am very sorry.
Because of me, you have wasted your time...
and I have caused you much inconvenience.
Don't suffer.
But what on earth were you doing, the pavilion, at this time of night?
I always check
that the pavilion doors are closed before dinner.
In fact, the people in charge...
of cleaning and closing the pavilion doors before going to bed...
were at Bunkyu and Rinkyu,
but since we caught them getting drunk in the room,
the master does the cleaning and I close the doors.
They didn't just drink alcohol.
I'm sure that pair smoked, too, when they were in the pavilion.
Oh!
How did you find out?
They confessed to us that they smoked,
but they did it on the sly so we wouldn't find out!
They disguised it very well,
but the truth is that I found traces of ash on the tatami.
Come to think of it, there was also a beer stain.
Yes, but what's really strange to me is that these two stains...
...weren't there when we came to investigate in the afternoon.
That's what you were going to say, right, wasn't it, Heiji?
That's right!
You mean... that when we went
several tatamis in the room were changed?
I've taken this possibility into account, Mouri.
Nonsense!
You yourself have examined the tatamis of the pavilion
to check that they were not reversible,
and you have already seen that they were not.
Besides, they looked quite old and sun-bleached.
If someone had brought a new one and replaced it with one of the old ones,
I would have really noticed the difference with the others.
They could have swapped them for the ones in another room.
Remember you said the pavilion there are 4 rooms of 8 tatamis.
From the place where you have parked the car,
it can take about 7 or 8 minutes each way.
There would be plenty of time to make the change.

Now that you mention it, every time I've found a dead body, I've noticed something out of place,
I've noticed something out of place.
I knew it!
Maybe because the tatamis were placed differently.
Maybe it was just a feeling of mine...
But, listen, even if you change all the tatamis around,
"You can't hide a pool of blood."
"If that woman was in the middle of the room," he said,
"There should be at least two tatami mats stained with blood."
"The only place the blood could have been hidden
"Is under the statue of the heavenly king in the corner,
"But the statue is in a clear glass case."
"If you take the statue out of the glass case, you see the tatami below,
"So it's impossible to hide anything."
Anyway, we'd better get out of here.
Come on, let's not waste any more time with such an absurd story.
(At the same time) What?
That it was nothing?
This means that there was no corpse hidden?
No.
It was all in this young man's imagination.
(At the same time) I'm sorry.
And now, on the contrary!
The most important thing is that no one died.
Au, get in the car.
It's time to go back to Ran's house.
Oh! The grinder!
(Kazuha) What a mess!
I've really crushed it.
Don't worry!
We'll be able to fix it, though.
(Think) "Why?"
"Why the night have suddenly appeared some stains,
"That in the afternoon they were not?"
"They were hidden? But where?"
Hey, Heiji!
"Can this?!"
-Of course!
It was that! -What?
Conan, I know how they have hidden the blood!
Yes, there's only one way.
(Kogoro) Yes.
I've understood everything.
("And still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa...

