The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After tears, a yellow sunflower!
Suddenly, a sad tragedy is unleashed.
Even if you try to hide,
sunflowers are the only ones who have seen it all.
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

Inspector! Hello, Mouri!
(gasps)
I've been... I've been told...
that Miss Hiroko Inoue has been murdered...
Is this true?
I didn't know you knew the victim, Mouri!
Mr. Takaoka.
I don't know what to tell you.
We thought that, from now on, we'd be happy like normal people.
But we couldn't even try!
I sympathize with you, Mr. Takaoka.
Who could have committed such a horrible crime?
(Kogoro) By the way, Inspector Megure, what was the time of death?
According to the coroner, she died today,
between 11:00 am and 1:00 pm.
(Kogoro) Sunflowers...
Miss Hiroko was very fond of this plant.
Listen to me!
You have seen the murderer!
Tell me who it was!
Who was the wretch who did it?
Who killed Miss Hiroko?!
"A yellow alibi"
(Kogoro) Miss Hiroko had a bar called The Sunflower.
I went there quite often.
The Sunflower? Yes.
She always said that when she saw the flowers of the sunflowers...
looking up at the dazzling sun,
he felt braver and more eager to move on.
"That's why his bar was called The Sunflower."
"Just yesterday, in the afternoon, I went there,
"and I saw her very happy.
"She said that, at last, happy times were coming."
-Toast, boys! - (all) Cheers!
That happy times would come? Yes.
Mr. Takaoka was Miss Hiroko's partner.
He has been directing independent films for many years.
Just recently,
he was recently commissioned by a major production company to make a film...
"Based on one of his scripts."
"Wow!"
"The film was set in Shirosuna Beach,
"his hometown in Fukushima Prefecture."
"Last night he went alone
"to inspect the exterior sets for the filming."
"Hiroko had always supported him
"And he had hoped that, sooner or later,
"her boyfriend would get the chance he deserved."
"And when it seemed that the efforts of all these years
"were about to be rewarded..."
I can't believe it, what a poorly timed crime!
(Mobile)
Yes, tell me?
The lady at the tobacconist's across the street...
has been here all day
and she says she hasn't seen anyone coming in or out of the house
between the hours when the murder could have been committed, sir.
(Man) "But you can see that, right after,
"A delivery man from an electronics store came by"
with a very large cardboard box...
and entered the building.
That was a short time ago, it was about 5:30 on 5.
Uh... I don't think it has anything to do with this case.
I'd better continue looking for information.
(Takagi) Voices from the man on Mr. Takaoka's side?
It's Osamu Kizuki, they seem to be co-workers.
He was the one who found the body
and immediately alerted the police.
He?
Was he the one who found Miss Hiroko dead?
It wasn't Mr. Takaoka? No.
You can tell this guy is an aspiring screenwriter.
I was supposed to meet him at Mr. Takaoka's house at 5,
who wanted me to explain to him an idea I had had.
"To write a story for a movie."

"Since the door wasn't locked..."
Hello?
I'm Kizuki.
Hiroko!
You've already arrived in Takaoka?
Hiroko!
(Takagi) "We've received the notice.
"And we have arrived about a quarter and 5 of 6."
"Mr. Takaoka arrived a little before us."
"It looks like there was a traffic jam on the highway.
"That's why he was a quarter of the time we were supposed to meet."
Takagi, listen.
Does Mr. Kizuki have an alibi?
Yes, we've already checked.
He works as a delivery man at an electronics store.
"Between 11 and 1 o'clock he was working.
"It was the warehouse taking inventory."
Mr. Kizuki, when you arrived,
the front door wasn't locked, was it?
No, the door was open.
It is very strange that Miss Hiroko forgot to lock the door.
Normally, when a woman is alone at home,
she locks the front door for security reasons.
She often forgot to close the door.
If I had been... more foresighted, this tragedy would not have happened.
Humor programs are surrounded by red.
They were not to be missed.
Do you know if Hiroko liked comedy shows?
I don't know.
Yes, I guess so.
Today he wanted to watch this program
that started at 3 o'clock and ended at 5 o'clock.
She couldn't even watch her favorite program.
(He thinks) "What if it had been a simple robbery?"
"No, there's something that makes my head dance."
Inspector!
Here!
What have you found?
Here.
That's it.
What's this photo, Inspector Megure?
We asked Mr. Takaoka
if he had an alibi between 11 o'clock and 1 o'clock,
when his girlfriend was murdered.
(Kogoro) "He said he was in Fukushima,
"taking a look at the outdoor scenery."
(Takagi) "Yes, at Shirosuna beach."
We've asked everywhere, but it's clear that no one has seen him.
-So there's no one who can confirm his alibi....
Then he went to withdraw money at a bank on the edge of the city.
The Shirosuna police station has sent us this image,
which proves that he told us the truth.
Is it an image from the bank's security cameras?
Yes, it is you.
I don't like security cameras recording me everywhere,
but I have to admit that this time they have done me a good service.
Mr. Takaoka, it's not that I suspect you,
but I have to ask you if you met someone last night...
when you were entering your hotel.
-I didn't see anyone. -Ah... You didn't see anyone...
(Takaoka) "Yes, I remember now!"
"I called room service around midnight...
"For some food."
Wait, I think I'd better...
I'd better explain everything I did yesterday from the beginning.
Normally, I use this board...
when I meet with cameras.
"Something doesn't add up. It can't be a simple robbery..."
"The sunflowers...!"
"Sure!"
"I know what caught my eye!"
"Apart... from the empty video box."
Yesterday, around 5 o'clock, I passed by the bar....
"And I said goodbye to Hiroko."
(Kogoro) "That's right."
"At that time, I was going to the bar and I saw him."
Hey, Conan!
Please don't stir up other people's stuff!
Yes!
"Maybe this wire..."
(Takaoka) "The Fukushima newspaper did an interview with me.
"Around 10 o'clock at night, quite a long one."
Here are the cards of the reporter
and the photographer who interviewed me.
"The shoes are on wrong. The killer must have tripped."
"Or maybe..."
"What is this?"
The next morning, i.e. today,
I left the hotel at 10 minutes past 8:00.
You can check it out.
(Takagi) A bill and a voucher.
(Takagi) At a quarter past 3 am,
ordered a plate of curry.
There is even Mr. Takaoka's signature.
Therefore, last night's alibi is also proven.
"I knew it! That was it!"
(Takaoka) The security camera of the bank
recorded this image at 12 noon.
That is, according to your account,
you arrived in Fukushima in the afternoon
and you didn't move from there until noon, right?
Yes.
A good alibi.
Leaves no wires dangling and no questions unanswered.
Conan!
What are you doing here?
Don't touch these people's stuff!

Sorry, Takagi.
By the way, you're just in time.
I forgot that Mr. Kogoro told me to ask you for a favor.
He wants you to look into this thing you see.
What does he want me to investigate?
Miss Hiroko's bag and shoes?
Yes.
He says to do it right, because there might be some clues...
that will help us catch the murderer.
Mr. Mouri, here are the results you asked for.
I did?
I didn't ask you for anything.
Why not?
But you told me in Conan!
May I know where you've been, Takagi?
We have to start investigating this case.
First we have to check
if the modus operandi matches previous robberies.
Mr. Takaoka.
I'm sure you don't feel like doing anything right now,
but think you should recover as quickly as you can
and make a good movie
to honor Miss Hiroko's memory.
AAAA!
Ooooh...!
Mouri! Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) Inspector Megure,
I asked Inspector Takagi to do a couple of checks,
and, thanks to him, I found a new piece of evidence.
A piece of evidence?
Yes.
By the way, Mr. Kizuki.
What is it?
Would you mind opening the cover of the video device?
No.
(Kogoro voice) There's a tape, isn't there? Yes.
What pictures will there be?
Please rewind the tape a little.
(Kogoro voice) "One, two! One, two!"
"Very good! Now the second contestant has to do it."
Wow!
This is a rerun!
I distinctly remember watching this show a month ago, and....
Wow!
When the killer tripped and knocked over the chair,
he fell on the video cable and unplugged it.
Yes.
This must have been when the killer attacked the victim.
But how come there's a clip of the program recorded just before?
The killer didn't know that Miss Hiroko was recording a program.
(Takagi) The recording must have been interrupted
when three-quarters of the special program
three-quarters of the two-hour special program had already been recorded.
The victim started recording at 3 o'clock
and the recording was cut off after an hour and a half.
This means that the chair fell at about half past five o'clock on 5,
but that doesn't coincide with the time of the murder, I suppose, does it?
So, the murderer killed Miss Hiroko at noon...
and came back in the afternoon to search the room?
That's a strange theory, sir.
The murderer killed Miss Hiroko
between 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m...,
but he did it somewhere else.
He then brought the body here...
and messed up the apartment to make it look like it was a robbery.
(Kogoro voice) Now, Takagi,
show Inspector Megure what you found.
(Kogoro voice) Right now.
This is it, Inspector Megure.
It looks like, a little... ordinary sand.
It was inside Miss Hiroko's shoes,
we found it under the insole.
What did you say?
I've taken the shoes to the forensic police.
It's a special sand called nakisuna.
Nakisuna? Yes.
It's a very valuable sand
that contains very high amounts of quartz mineral.
It is found on very clean beaches.
In the whole country, there are only about twenty beaches...
that have this... type of sand,
among them Shirosuna Beach in Fukushima Prefecture.
Coincidentally, Shirosuna Beach...
is where Mr. Takaoka went yesterday afternoon.
Last night, when he had already finished work,
Mr. Takaoka called Miss Hiroko on the telephone
and told her to go to Fukushima,
so that the next day they could spend the day together.
"First thing this morning,
"Miss Hiroko has programmed the video device
"to record her favorite comedy show.
"and took the train to Fukushima."
"She was due to arrive after 12 o'clock, just after...
"For the bank's security camera to record Mr. Takaoka."
"Miss Hiroko took a walk on the beach."
"It was, after all, the scenery...
"Where the groom would shoot the film he had been commissioned to make."
"I'm sure she was very excited
"to be able to be where the film would be shot."
"But..."
"Shirosuna Beach
"It's next to Mr. Takaoka's hometown,

"That I knew perfectly well what time to go
"For finding no one."
"Then, he returned to the city...
"and parked the car near this house..,
"in a place where there was no one."
"He put the corpse in a box of electronic devices,
"He pretended to be a delivery man
"And, in this way, he has taken the corpse in house....
"Without anyone who saw it suspecting anything at all."
Then, the deliveryman that the lady of the tobacconist's shop saw...
at 5:30 at 5:30 was him!
Mr. Takaoka,
did he come into the house dressed up in the uniform and hat
that he wears to work as a delivery boy?
Mr. Mouri, please let him go at once.
Anyone would say that you are accusing me
of having committed such a grisly crime!
Excuse me.
Hey!
Takagi, where are you going, boy?
You must have remembered something else
that I asked you to investigate.
And now, if I may, I will continue to explain the facts.
"When Mr. Takaoka has left his girlfriend's body at home,
"he made a mess of the apartment
"Because it looked as if someone had broken in to steal
"And Miss Hiroko had died."
"Then, he got rid of the box, uniform and cap...
"And he was expressly late for his appointment with Mr. Kizuki,
"with the excuse that she had encountered a traffic jam on the highway...
"which had caused her to delay the time she needed."
Hiroko!
Hiroko!
So, it seemed that the crime had been committed in this house...
and you had the perfect alibi,
because at the time of the murder you were in Fukushima...
and you could play the role of the victim's grief-stricken boyfriend.
This is ridiculous!
Mr. Mouri, according to your theory,
I called Hiroko
to tell her to come to Shirosuna beach,
and today I killed her between 11 am and 1 pm.
Her reasoning is based on that, if I understood it correctly.
The thing is... you don't have any evident proof
to prove that the Hiroko was in Fukushima.
You are wrong.
Inspector Megure,
would you open the envelope you brought to Inspector Takagi, please?
What's this?
Look-okay.
It's an article from this morning's edition of the Fukushima newspaper.
This clipping was in a pocket of the bag
Miss Hiroko was carrying.
"Miss Hiroko has arrived in Fukushima...
"And she bought the newspaper,
"because she knew that the interview
"Mr. Takaoka was interviewed yesterday."
"The article wasn't very long, but it was about you."
"Because of your girlfriend,
"That news was much more important than any other,
"Because it was the reward
"for the support I had been giving her for so long."
"The effort had paid off, the sunflowers had bloomed...
"And she was so elated,
"that she clipped the article and stuffed it in her purse...
"Determined to keep it among her memories."
It's not true!
Hiroko didn't come!
It was me who bought the Fukushima newspaper this morning.
I cut out the article and put it in Hiroko's bag.
Mr. Takaoka,
did you notice the inscription
on the sunflower painting on your wall?
"I only look at you," it says.
As if they were the words of a sunflower.
You were the most important to Miss Hiroko.
Mr. Takaoka, why don't you confess at once...
and accept the punishment you deserve?
No!
It is absurd!
It wasn't me who murdered Hiroko!
(Mobile)
Tell me, Takagi.
What's up?
What is it?
You need to see this, Inspector.
I'm sending you some pictures.
It looks like sand from that one.
Yes, it's white sand.
It can't be!
There can't be sand in the trunk!
It's impossible, I shook the...!
What did you shake?
How do you continue the sentence?
You shook the sand, maybe?
(Takagi) "There are traces of sand under the blanket in the trunk."
Mr. Takaoka, I suppose the sand you found in your car...
is the same type as before.
You owe us an explanation, sir.
Why are there traces of sand from Fukushima beach in the car?
(Hiroko) Are you serious?
Do you want us to let it run?
You want to break up now that we're starting to get lucky?
No.
You can't just leave me like that!

I'm really sorry, Hiroko.
Don't play with me!
You don't remember anymore,
of all the sacrifices I've made for you?
I think it's about time you took care of me.
You'll have to return all the favors I've done for you.
In Miss Hiroko's bag,
there was a copy of the car key.
I used it.
I knew that, from now on,
Hiroko was going to live off my work exclusively,
and I didn't want to spend my whole life supporting her.
I had to do something to protect my freedom!
By the way, Mr. Mouri, I have to say that you have amazing intuition.
You took a risk by formulating a random hypothesis and you were right on the money.
Mr. Takaoka, don't be an imbecile and pay attention to one thing.
Don't the sunflowers in the test on the ground mean anything to you?
I don't know what the weather is like in Fukushima,
but I do know that there's not a single cloud in this city.
What do you mean by this?
This apartment is all facing south.
Also, the curtains are torn,
and no other obstacles block out the sunlight.
If the sunflower test had fallen to the ground between 11:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m.
between 11 am and 1 pm,
the interval in which the crime was committed,
they would have been fully exposed to sunlight,
until 5 o'clock in the afternoon,
which is when Mr. Kizuki found the body.
The sun is the energy that sunflowers need to bloom,
so the flowers would have been facing the sun...
Without...
Ah... Yes.
The flowers face the ground.
This could only mean one thing:
That the test had fallen to the ground a few hours later,
just before Mr. Kizuki found the body.
This detail allowed me to deduce the rest of the case.
You are very observant, Mr. Mouri.
Very observant, but you were wrong about something.
When he had finished and was about to leave,
"The sunflowers have fallen."
"I imagine that the earth must have unbalanced the test.
"Who knows why."
I can assure you that I have not touched it, the sunflower test.
(Kogoro) Yes, I know he implied it,
but I didn't say at any time
that you would have dropped by giving me a clue.
Of course, you wanted to avenge Miss Hiroko's death.
(Think) "Looks like Mr. Kogoro has visitors."
This is what I suspect, but I don't know what you think about all this?
"He's talking to the sunflowers!"
(Shinichi voice) "How strange! You can't see another light."
"It looks like it's the only house around."
What's a big house like this doing
doing in a lost corner of the mountain?
(Conan voice) Who are you, you?
And what are you doing here?
(He thinks) "Who did it?"
"Who has committed this murder,
"Why has he done it now and what weapon has he used?"
A... a weapon in the middle of the mountain?
What... what do you mean?
Don't miss the next episode!
"The weapon of the mountain witch, (part one)"
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

