The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, a cook!
A crime beyond Inspector Yamamura's powers of deduction.
The mystery of the missing gun must be uncovered!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"Dr. Agasa wanted to take us to a campsite.
"To spend our summer vacation."
"But halfway there, we got a flat tire...
"And we had no choice
"but to sleep at the house of an old lady...
"who lives alone in the middle of the mountain."
(Inaudible)
"After a while, 3 young people arrived who had gotten lost...
"And who also wanted to stay at the house."
"In the evening, Mitsuhiko got up to go to the bathroom...
"And saw something strange in the kitchen."
"Right after that, Akane Oba was killed."
He... I've... I saw this do-woman...
she... she... sharpening a kitchen knife!
"She was all disheveled...
"And she was sharpening a knife with a red handle!"
"She looked like a demon!"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"The mountain witch's weapon, (part 2)"
What?
Are you serious?
Eh?
You bet I am!
So..,
You mean to say that there's...
a kitchen knife with a red handle is missing?
Yes, I'm sure it is.
What does all this mean, gentlemen?
I don't know.
I don't have any kitchen knife with a red handle.
Maybe this little boy thought
he'd seen the witch of the mountain,
and I'm sure his imagination has played a trick on him.
I assure you that I have seen it with my own eyes!
In any case, my men searched the house upstairs,
my men searched the house from top to bottom.
In the meantime, I'll have to ask them...
to wait in the back room.
Let's go, Ayumi.
Hm.
-Wow! -Wow!
It's so strange. What's wrong?
I've lost the hammer
that I had taken to plant the sleeping tent.
(Genta) The hammer?
-Doctor, tonight you left the bag in the middle of the hallway, right?
(Genta) -Doctor, you left the bag in the middle of the corridor tonight, right?
What if someone had taken it?
(Genta) Nonsense!
With a hammer you can not cut the neck of a person.
That's true.
I have to ask the police something.
I'm going too!
I'm coming too!
Yes, boy, we found a hammer in the woods next door.
It was quite new.
Yes?
Really?
I think it should be investigated.
Could be the killer used it.
It's just that a hammer isn't exactly a sharp tool.
What is it now?
Officer.
Have you opened it, that box?
No, we're not there yet.
Hey, kid!
Where are you going?
Oh, my God!
But... but it's a kitchen knife!
"And it has a red handle."
"It must be what you've seen on Mitsuhiko."
"The blade is intact, you can tell someone sharpens it often."
"Under the maker's mark is a name engraved. Shota?"
"It's the name of Mrs. Tanaka's missing grandson!"
It came back negative?
The luminol test came back negative?
Yes.
No traces of blood...
Neither on the kitchen knives in the house nor on her tools.
We didn't find any on the kitchen knife with the red handle either.
And I thought we finally had a solid lead!
It's a pity.
"I've got it! I know what happened."
By the way, kid.
You've been playing with the mud?
Mm?
Playing with the mud?
We found muddy footprints belonging to several people
inside the house.
And they could be yours.
Muddy footprints, you say?
You have moved the corpse from its place,
you've walked around the house with muddy shoes...
He has made it very difficult for us!

"Wait a minute, the muddy footprints thing reminds me of something."
Understood.
"Mrs. Tanaka was barefoot. And in Fuga too."
"I didn't put my shoes on either, when I got up. And in Raito?"
-Raito! -Fuga?
"I had my shoes on!"
(Yamamura) Ep, girl!
What are you doing?
I feel sorry for the little fishes in the aquarium because they're so thirsty.
-Seven? -Look.
Last night, the water from the aquarium came up to here,
where there's this mark.
How come the level has dropped so low?
These poor little fishes must be dead at seven
and they've probably drunk more water than they should have.
"I've got it! That's why I needed the hammer!"
That's why I brought them a glass of tap water.
Stop it, Ayumi.
You know tap water has a lot of lime in it.
Maybe the little fishes would get sick.
Besides, these fish are always watching.
You can't add more water to them.
What?
Watchful?
Yes.
They are guarding the secret of a weapon... very old.
(Yamamura) Let's see, I'll let you know the results of the investigations.
We have applied the luminol test on the entire surface of the house
and the sharp utensils that you all had within reach,
such as tools and knives,
and we have not found any traces of blood.
When the murderer severed the carotid artery of Miss Akane Oba
of Miss Akane Oba,
the girl called out and you all showed up in a hurry.
If we assume that no one left the house after hearing the scream, we can assume that no one left the house
after hearing the scream,
it is impossible for any of you to have made the murder weapon disappear.
You are all innocent.
That is our conclusion, gentlemen.
Then, it won't be necessary for you to question us one by one, will it?
In fact, I would like to hear statements from all of you...
for reference and further investigation,
so perhaps I'll have to ask you
to come down to the station in a few days.
Well, if it's just for reference, okay.
(Mitsuhiko) Mr. Inspector.
What about the kitchen knife?
Ah, the knife!
Conan found it hidden in a wooden box.
I don't know why he wanted to hide from us that he had this knife,
but you'll make us five cents at the police station, won't you?
I didn't remember I had it, you see.
I'm just a clueless old woman.
Well, I don't understand how he got away, the murderer.
Listen, apart from the mud we left on the driveway,
you didn't find any other footprints around the house, did you?
Well, I've got a theory.
I have a theory.
I'm sure the killer used some kind of trick.
that we'll find out when the time comes.
(Agasa voice) I disagree.
No wonder the killer didn't leave any prints,
because both the murderer and the murder weapon are still in this house.
(Agasa voice) -What? (Agasa voice) -What?
Hey, when you want to use my voice,
give me a little warning!
You scared the crap out of me.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, Dr. Agasa.
My men have searched the house from top to bottom...
and they haven't found anything at all,
so I'd appreciate it if you'd tell me where the hell it is,
this famous murder weapon.
(Agasa's voice) Your men haven't found the murder weapon
because they haven't looked for it yet.
The murderer has taken an object that was in the house from the beginning
and has transformed it to use it as a weapon,
even though, at first glance, no one would say so,
that such an object can be a weapon.
What?
That the murderer has transformed an object in this house?
-Wait a moment, sir!
If the murderer has used an object that was already here,
it must be someone who knows all the objects he has on the edge.
This means that the culprit can only be the person who lives here,
that is, Mrs. Tanaka!
(Agasa voice) It's not her.
No?
It turns out that there is another person here
who lived in this house for almost 20 years.
(Genta) And this person is here? That's right!
I mean the grandson of Mrs. Tanaka, in Fuga Kahara.
-Fuga, it can't be!
(Genta) Is it true? -And now!
In fact, when your partner asked where the toilet was,
you answered him right away.
Because I went there last night and I remembered it perfectly!
So why did you say that, you?
What did you say?

What do you mean?
Last night, when you came to the house and I opened the door for you,
you immediately asked me about the mistress of the house.
This means, precisely,
that you knew for a fact that I didn't live in this house.
No!
Yes, but...
Is it true?
The truth is that I know the grandson of this lady.
She hasn't heard from her grandmother for a long time,
and he asked me to come and see her
because he wanted to know how she was.
And he told me that his grandmother lived alone.
So how did you know the fish so well?
The fish?
You said there were 12 fish
and that, of these 12,
there was only one that you didn't get used to seeing often,
the so-called tamasaba.
I told you about it!
I had an aquarium like this when I was little.
It is normal for me to know this kind of fish.
I don't mean the species, but the number.
Eh?
The number?
There's no fish expert, no matter how much I understand,
who is able to find out at a glance
how many fish are in an aquarium,
unless he is the owner of the animals in the tank.
It's true.
The boy is absolutely right.
No, the boy is wrong!
I... no...
I didn't...
You took a wrong turn
and you ran out of gas expressly to come here?
(Agasa voice) Yes, I probably had planned it all...
so that she could come to see her grandmother.
Since he had plastic surgery,
he thought she wouldn't recognize him.
Sure, it all fits!
I can see why he grumbled so much when I wanted to question them all.
when I wanted to interrogate you all one by one.
Because you are the murderer!
No!
I didn't do it!
I didn't do it!
(Agasa voice) No.
He just wanted to hide his name.
His name?
When Mr. Fuga has denied to the interrogation,
you were going to say something, weren't you, Mr. Raito?
Yes, I wanted the police to know my real name.
Raito Adachi is the name I use at the nightclub,
when I'm working.
Is it a stage name?
Do you also use a fake name?
That's why in Fugue you were so afraid...
that the police questioned you
and you made it clear that you were outraged.
He didn't want anyone to find out that his real name is Shota Tanaka,
and is Mrs. Iwae's long-lost grandson.
Ah...
So Mr. Fuga wanted to hide his real name,
even though he had not committed any crime?
(Agasa voice) That's right. (Sighs)
Anyway, earlier he said...
that the murderer had used an object from this house.
It is not necessary to have lived here to find an object that is seen with the naked eye
and that can be transformed to be used as a weapon.
All I needed was the tent hammer he stole from me.
Huh?
He stole a hammer from you?
Yes, that's why Ayumi was so worried.
Oh!
I don't know anything!
You thought the water level in the aquarium had gone down
because the fish had drunk too much.
But that's not what happened.
This means that someone took something out of the aquarium.
And what is this mysterious object that was taken out of the aquarium?
It's a mineral
that our prehistoric ancestors
used as a weapon during the Jomon era.
(Agasa voice) It's obsidian.
(Agasa voice) What?
Obsidian?
You mean?
(Agasa voice) Exactly.
If you break a block,
you can get sharp, pointed fragments.
The killer has used a fragment to kill Akane.
Are you serious?
The murder weapon was a stone?
Well... What else?
He has used the hammer to break the obsidian block,
and he did it in the middle of the woods,
the place where the police found the hammer,
because he was afraid of making too much noise and someone here would wake up.
I imagine that he prepared the murder weapon in the middle of the night,
before it started to rain.
That's why there were no muddy footprints around the house.
I see what you mean.
And who did it, then?
Do you know who it was, the murderer?
Hm.
It was...
the person who last night was contemplating the aquarium
and recognized the obsidian.
Mr. Raito!
You are the culprit!
-What? -What?
What are you insinuating, you?
Is it a crime to know how to distinguish minerals?
Mrs. Tanaka must have also known that the rock was obsidian,
and her grandson, in Fuga, surely must have known it too.

Why am I the only suspect?
(Agasa voice) There is a first clue that has made me suspect you.
The sabates.
The shoes?
I don't think anyone has time to think to put on shoes
when you've just heard the agonizing scream
of a woman you know very well.
Putting on your shoes takes time, sir,
especially in a big house like this, full of steps.
"First, you should get your shoes,
"put them on and tie the laces."
In an emergency situation like that,
it's much quicker to go outside barefoot.
to check what might have happened, as they did, right away,
Conan, Mrs. Tanaka and her grandson.
However, you had your shoes on?
and, moreover, you had had time to tie your laces.
This means that you did not leave the house in a hurry,
but that you were out of the house from the beginning.
To put it another way,
you are the one who murdered Miss Akane.
I understand your suspicions,
but we can't accuse anyone of murder
just because she was wearing the shoes.
I know that already,
that's why I said the shoes were only the first clue.
The first clue?
The final clue is the stolen hammer.
The problem is we still don't know
who stole the hammer from you, Mr. Agasa.
Under the cover of this house there was a tool box
that could have been used to prepare any kind of weapon.
But only Mrs. Tanaka and her grandson could know this.
Instead, the murderer took the hammer from my bag,
which was in the middle of the hallway,
and took the risk that someone here would take it off
and caught him rummaging through other people's things.
I get it, you're absolutely right, you.
As you said, something must have happened tonight,
a compelling motive that prompted her to commit a crime
that she hadn't planned,
even though she knew her chances were limited.
Early this morning, I don't know why,
Mr. Raito went to look for Miss Akane in her room
and invited her to go outside in the garden.
"As he has not heard any voice or any strange noise,
"Miss Akane accepted and they went out of the room together."
"They have reached the foyer without anyone noticing,
"They put on their shoes
"And when they were about to leave, something happened."
Like now what?
I don't really know,
"But I imagine that Miss Akane opened the door,
"She saw that it was raining and refused to go outside,
"Or maybe Mr. Raito sensed in Mitsuhiko
"That he was running up the stairs and had to change his plans."
Why is he so sure?
Because if not, the crime would not have been committed so close to the house.
You didn't plan to kill her in front of the entrance.
But you were in a hurry and decided to do it right there.
"You pushed Ms. Akane out,
"You pulled out the gun you were hiding and slit her throat."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Then, he left Miss Akane's corpse right there,
"He ran into the house,
"He opened the door and went back to the place where the girl had fallen,
"He went over and hugged her."
It was a diversionary maneuver
to make it look as if he had come running when he heard the scream.
And it was the only way to justify
the blood on his hands and clothes.
There is still another question.
Where is the murder weapon?
If they haven't found it yet, it can only be in the aquarium.
When Mr. Raito said that the hands needed washing
and went to the sink,
he stopped for a moment in front of the aquarium
and then he got rid of the stone,
but I don't think he had time to clean it,
so there will still be the remains...
of Miss Akane's blood and her footprints.
This is a possible theory, but... is it true?
Yes.
I just feel... sorry... for the poor fish in the aquarium.
(Yamamura) For the fish?
Yes, for the fish.
I've disturbed their natural habitat... to kill that woman,
but they weren't at fault.
Why did you do it, man?
Miss Akane was a very important client of yours.
I was planning to leave my job at the nightclub well.
My parents had taken out a loan

to Akane's parents' company,
and was finally on the verge of liquidating it.
But last night, that evil woman....
By the way, your parents' loan has been multiplied by 3.
We recommended to your parents
to buy some shares that were due to go up in price,
and we convinced them.
Now they must be going through the roof!
The president of the company in question was arrested today,
and the share price has plummeted.
But you have to be brave and trust in the gods of luck.
That's how I've managed to ensure that, from now on, you will be in my service forever, Rao,
you will be in my service forever, Raito.
When Akane told me all this, I couldn't stand it any longer.
She knew that I couldn't leave the job at the discotheque
until I had finished paying off the loan.
It was a set-up.
I've always considered myself a very traditionalist person,
and I couldn't stand having to work in a nightclub
serving women like her.
But it hadn't occurred to me that the murder weapon...
was also an object from another era.
-(Man) Yes.
(Man) And the knife with the red handle?
-Da-me, I'll take care of it.
(Man) Excuse me.
May I see this knife for a moment, please?
Yes, yourself, sir.
Thank you, sir.
"Oh...! Why, it's...!"
(Tanaka) Hey, young man.
If you really know my grandson, do me a favor.
Please tell him he doesn't have to worry about me.
Tell him to worry only about himself
and to take care of his body and his... health.
Yes, I will tell him...
In exchange..., I would like him to let me take this knife.
I'm sure your grandson will be happy when he sees it.
Okay, da-l'hi...
(Ayumi) What?
Mrs. Tanaka knew that Fuga was her grandson?
Yes, surely.
That's why she had hidden that knife.
She planned to give it to her grandson
when he came home a famous cook,
that's why she sharpened it every day and treated it as if it were her treasure.
But I saw her sharpening the knife
and she looked like a terrible demon!
It's like the Hannya mask.
It's a very scary face, but depending on how it also looks sad.
I'm sure, as she was sharpening the knife,
he was making an effort to contain his sadness.
"He realized that his grandson's ambitions had changed,
"But he still held out hope that that knife...
"Would get the boy back on the right track."
The gleam of the mountain witch's knife...
was only the glitter of the tears of a sad grandmother
thinking of her grandson.
"After a month, the Ran and I went to eat at a restaurant....
"And we saw the head chef booing a young cook."
(Man) Snap out of it, Tanaka!
-You haven't finished yet? -I'm hurrying, sir!
"That young cook's face rang a bell."
"He was trying to cut open a fish
"with a kitchen knife that had a red handle."
"He'll soon get it."
Conan, go!
Conan!
Snap out of it, Conan!
Haven't you decided what you want yet?
"It looked like a Hannya mask..."
A fake cop, you say?
There must be someone else who saw that man.
I'm sure of it.
We separate selected and seek to help each other.
- (at once) Yes! - Guys!
Where are you going?
Listen, we have to find him and stop him, no matter what!
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
What if that man was...?
That's crazy!
He's very dangerous!
-What? -What?
Look!
Attention!
Don't miss the next episode: "The Missing Policeman".
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

