The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears,
a noodle restaurant owner and a policeman who doesn't exist!
What is the identity of the missing policeman?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"It was the morning of the first Sunday of the month."
I don't know what they do.
They're so late!
(Mitsuhiko) Genta!
-Come on, guys!
Hurry up! - Genta!
What's happened?
What is this extraordinary news...
that you had to explain to us so urgently?
He-he-he...
Did you guys watch the TV series last night?
You mean the one called "Mail! The 100 cops' raid"?
-Yes, this one! -Yes, we did.
Why do you want to know?
It's just that, while I was watching yesterday's episode,
I noticed that it was filmed here, in Beika's park.
Of course they did!
But we knew that from the beginning.
Yes, I noticed it right away too.
You did?
Yes, and when the main character calls that typical phrase...
and older than Methuselah that says "The crime has been committed in the park!"..,
it was exactly... by the fountain.
This was the tree in the background, but it was not yet in bloom.
It will be about 15 days since they shot yesterday's chapter.
This was the big news you wanted to give us, Genta?
Yes, it was.
I thought you wouldn't have noticed,
that the episode was shot in the park.
Anyway, this series they're doing now on TV is worthless.
It's always the same:
"A bunch of uniformed cops who start running.
"chasing some petty criminal."
Well, I think they are very funny stories.
-Yasuyo!
Hello, Ayumi!
What are you doing here?
Hello!
It's Yasuyo Akimoto.
She lives in district 3 now, but we used to be neighbors.
She lived next door to me.
What are you shopping for, Yasuyo?
Is that what you mean?
It's just that my parents sent me four items of food from the village.
and I felt like sharing them with a police officer.
A policeman?
"I don't know his name, but he's very well-mannered and a very good person."
"He's a bearded gentleman."
"Barbut?"
-We want to meet him too! Oh, do we?
Don't we, Conan?
Sure. (Yasuyo) What, you don't know him?
(Yasuyo) What, you don't know him?
He's a man with a beard and glasses.
Ah... he doesn't work in this office,
and I don't remember seeing him at Beika's central police station.
Well, I have encountered him more than once
while patrolling the streets at night.
-I'm sorry, miss, but I don't know who you're talking about.
-That's very strange, isn't it? -You're right.
I don't understand anything.
I knew it.
What?
Police officers are strictly forbidden
to grow a beard, miss.
This means this man is an impostor.
"The missing policeman."
(Takagi) I'm exhausted!
Ouch... Why is it that whenever you need something, you always let me know?
Because we know we can trust you.
Besides, I'm sure you'll be interested in a fake cop case.
A fake cop, you say?
The law doesn't allow impersonating someone else,
but impersonating a public authority,
such as a police officer, is a particularly serious crime.
You say you've seen this man more than once, Miss Akimoto?
Yes.
This week I've had to work overtime at work
and I folded so late,
I had no choice but to catch the last train of the night.
"The first time I saw that policeman,
"It was the first day I left work late,

"That is, Monday night."
"I took the last train and, when I was walking home..."
(Man) It's dangerous for you to be walking home alone
at this time of night, miss.
I advise you to be very careful.
Yes.
Both the next day and two days later,
and every day for the whole week,
I have encountered the same policeman
on my way home from work.
"A few days ago,
"I saw him escorting a retired couple."
I advise them not to go out too much at night, it could be dangerous, sir.
It's just that my wife fancied a refreshment.
And you wanted to eat a flan.
(Yasuyo) Good night.
(Yasuyo) Oh... Good evening, Miss.
"Last night I was talking to a drunk who was hanging around the neighborhood."
Please get up, man!
How far do you live from here?
What a mess!
You'd better call a cab.
Go on!
I'll wake up.
(Sighs) I can't leave here!
Come on, get up!
I see you have no time to get bored.
And now, on the contrary!
It's my job.
Good night, Miss.
Good bye.
(Ayumi) She seems like a really nice person.
Yes.
No wonder I mistook him for a real policeman.
Yes, you're right.
But I don't understand what need he had
to impersonate a police officer.
I don't understand it either.
If I may offer my opinion,
I'm convinced that he was impersonating a police officer
with the intention of committing a crime.
What crime?
What kind of crime?
Uh... I'm not so sure about that, sir.
(Phone)
Police.
Yes, they broke in the other day.
No, we haven't found the thief yet.
From the modus operandi, we suspect it might have been...
the same individual who has robbed other houses this week.
These are serial robberies!
According to what the Yasuyo has said,
there are more neighbors who have seen the fake policeman,
like those pensioners and the drunk man.
It's true!
If we can locate these people,
maybe we'll get the water clear.
Miss Akimoto, do you know where these people live?
The drunken man from last night I didn't know,
but Mr. and Mrs. Big
I have met the Tetsuryu several times.
The Tetsuryu?
A fake policeman, you say?
This man seems to be angry, Genta.
-Yes, he must have a bad temper! - (cook) I'm not angry.
The owner of the restaurant may be a bit surly,
but he makes great noodles.
I'm a regular customer.
Look, I go out here.
It's true!
This is the secret of the noodles!
Don't touch this, you'll break it!
(Ayumi) Oh, I've soiled myself!
Genta, you big hand!
You splashed me!
I splashed you?
Now I'll make noodle smell, even though I couldn't even taste it!
- Genta! - (Genta) I didn't do it expressly!
Hey, excuse me.
We're looking for clues
to catch this man posing as a policeman.
Do you know where those pensioners live
who come to eat here from time to time?
-They're a very well-off couple. That would be the Takayanagis.
Yes, I'd say...
Look, it's these two.
A fake cop?
I'm sure it's a mistake.
No, it can't be.
Of course it can't be.
He's a very well-mannered man and very attentive to everyone.
I don't doubt it, but...
He is well thought of.
It won't do any good to keep asking.
Oh... Who the hell should it be, this mysterious policeman?
Inspector Takagi.
We've just received word that last night
another robbery was committed at an empty house in District 2 last night.
(Takagi) By the way, earlier, when you were on the phone,
you said something about serial robberies.
-Yes, I think I know what he's up to, this intruder.
(Takagi) "While pretending to patrol the neighborhood, like a good cop,
"He's looking for an empty house so he can break in."
-That means...-...he's a burglar?
"There's a small chance he's a burglar, but..."
It can't be!
Such a kind person can't be able to do these things!
(Man) But what reason could he have for disguising himself as a policeman
if not to commit a crime?
- (Takagi) Easy, Arai! -You're wrong.

I'm sure the thief is someone else.
I have to go investigate.
Excuse me.
At your service.
And I thought that man was an excellent policeman!
Poor girl...
There are those who take advantage of the good faith of others.
I hope she's lucky and finds this fake policeman well.
Where are you going, Haibara?
Don't count on me.
(Genta) So, you think the fake cop is a thief?
-The truth is that he doesn't match the picture
described to us by Miss Akimoto and the other neighbors.
It's true!
We'll have to look for more people who have seen her
and try to gather some more information.
We could also investigate
where she got the police uniform she uses to disguise herself.
It hadn't occurred to me, but it's another mystery to solve.
If he had stolen the uniform,
there would have been such a commotion that everyone would know about it by now.
Unless the uniform he wears was stolen from some TV show.
from some TV series.
-A series? -Huh?
-Huh? -(At the same time) The show!
(At the same time) The series!
Eh?
What do you say?
(Takagi) Yes, the 2-hour episode that aired last night.
Yes, "The 100 Cops' Raid".
I'd like to know if, after the filming of that episode,
the wardrobe people missed...
"While in Takagi called the TV station,
"We were busy asking
"For a bearded police officer with glasses."
"In the end..."
The first time someone saw the impostor policeman we investigated,
was Monday of last week.
Monday was the day
that the Yasuyo started working overtime at work.
Yes, it's true.
Besides, there is no one who has seen her in broad daylight.
She always shows up at night, when the last train arrives at Beika station.
Where do you want to go?
The places where she has been seen are: once in front of the station,
5 times in district 2, a little further on,
and 3 times in district 3, even further away.
If we draw a line connecting all these points...
...we arrive at the street where Yasuyo lives.
That's right!
And then we see that that's why
the fake policeman always coincided with Yasuyo.
The apparitions are related to Yasuyo's schedule?
Yes.
Besides, she said so herself.
Every day, all week long,
I met her on my way home from work in the evening.
It's too much of a coincidence that they met there every night.
Do you mean that the impostor was making himself a finders' paradise
to coincide with Yasuyo?
Yes, that, but I don't know why.
Anyway, now you understand why he wore the beard and glasses.
Of course he did!
It was a disguise!
If the fake cop had shown up without disguising himself,
she would have recognized her.
So, the impostor is someone Yasuyo knows!
But who could it be?
How do you want me to know, man? Well, what a drag!
Aaaaaaaa!
Not again!
You've splashed me again!
-That I splashed you? -Where's the handkerchief?
(Mitsuhiko) You must have dropped it before.
(Genta) It must be the noodle restaurant.
It's just that I'm a little scared to go alone.
Well, we'll all go together.
Come on, Conan!
(Door slams)
It seems to me that there is nobody. (Mobile)
Tell me?
Ah, it's from the Nichiuri chain?
They know nothing?
Yes... (Mobile) All right.
It looks like he's been out for a while.
He must have gone home for lunch.
It seems to me that the owner lives very close to Beika's park.
What shall we do?
Should we wait for her?
Well, well, well!
It was here!
Sorry about that.
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he!
Thank you very much.
Much appreciated.
The TV people say they've checked it out
and that they're missing a police uniform.
So, it's obvious that our impostor stole it...
during the filming of the episode that took place in Beika's park.
That's likely.
It was Sunday, 15 days ago.
What?
You say the chapter was shot 15 days ago?
This is what I have been told.
Why is that?
This was the third Sunday of last month, if I'm not mistaken.
Just the day the restaurant was closed.
You said the owner of the restaurant lives near Beika Park, right?
Yes.
Maybe he took advantage of the fact that it was closed to go see the shooting.
If he lives near the park,

no wonder he went to see the filming of such a famous series.
So the owner of the restaurant
had the opportunity to steal a uniform.
Besides, he's a person Yasuyo would have easily recognized...
if he hadn't disguised himself.
-What are you saying, Conan? -Is he the fake cop?
-Are you serious? -Why do you think he did it?
Conan!
"I've got it!"
(Takagi) It was the restaurant owner who chose this photo?
Yes, it was him who wanted us to publish it.
No wonder, because she is a very photogenic girl.
Maybe the restaurant owner chose her photo because he's in love with her.
Ah!
Now I understand everything!
So, it was this girl!
The restaurant owner's name is Tetsuji Odawara.
We were classmates in high school.
When we finished the report, we went for a drink.
(Journalist) So what, are you in love with someone?
Yes, but there's nothing to do.
(Journalist) Why not?
Because I look like I'm always angry.
Do not be an idiot!
That's what you think, but it's not true.
It's all the same, man.
I keep her safe without her knowing and that's it.
You're hopeless.
(Journalist) "When the Odawara doesn't say anything, he makes a face like he's angry,
"That's why he looks a little surly."
But, in reality, he's a boy with a big heart...
and he's a very shy person.
(Yasuyo) At the Tetsuryu restaurant?
Yes.
I talked to a lady I knew by sight.
At the end of the month I'll be working overtime for a whole week.
Just thinking about it makes me shudder!
I don't like having to come back every day with the last train.
(Yasuyo) I think it was 15 days ago.
(Yasuyo) "He must have felt it."
-(Ayumi) Why do you ask me? - (Ayumi) You were right!
The fake policeman that you met every night when you came back home
was no thief!
(Ayumi) What?
Do you know who he is?
At the moment, it's just a hypothesis...
which the suspect himself will just confirm for us.
The Odawara knew that the girl he was in love with
would return every day with the last train for a week,
and he was worried about her safety.
"Since he was in love,
"He wanted to keep an eye on her without her noticing,
"But because he was convinced that she looked like a bad person,
"He thought that, instead of protecting the girl, he would scare her,
"And he decided to let it go."
"But after a few days..."
(People: shouting)
The crime has been committed in the park!
"Then, he saw the police costumes...
"And an idea occurred to him
"To protect the Yasuyo without her noticing."
"That's how he appeared in disguise before the girl."
It is dangerous for you to return home alone at this time of night, miss.
I advise you to be careful.
She hasn't arrived yet.
-Where has he gone? -Maybe she's run away and everything.
No, now I know what happened.
"Maybe he's taken on the role of a policeman...
"And he wants to catch the housebreaker
"To prove to the Yasuyo that he's innocent."
How crazy!
It's dangerous!
We separate selected and seek to help each other
- (at once) Yes! - Guys!
Where are you going?
(Think) "This is impossible."
"How will I find the thief if I don't have any clues?"
I'll get my wits about me.
Go away, man!
It's the man from yesterday.
Now I'll make noodle smell, even though I haven't even tasted it!
"The smell of clothes!"
-Nothing!
I don't see him around here.
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
What does he want?
That he remembers me?
We saw each other last night.
Yesterday?
I'm sorry, yesterday I drank a little too much and I don't remember anything.
It's true, yesterday I smelled really bad of alcohol.
But, come to think of it, it was only your clothes that smelled,
and not your breath.
-There was no begut. What does he want?
You go around the neighborhood making it look like you're drunk
and, meanwhile, you're looking for an empty house to break into!
Come here!
You won't escape!
Come here, house thief!
"Housebreaker", did you say?
Don't run!
Attention!
I have to ask you some questions about some serial robberies,
you'll have to accompany me to the police station.
Understood.

-It matters to you, Arai. -Yes.
Is that Mr. Tetsuji Odawara?
Yes.
Yasuyo!
Why did you do it?
Why did you do it?
Miss Akimoto, this man...
He disguised himself as a policeman
because he knew this girl was catching the last train...
and he wanted to keep an eye on her to make sure nothing happened to her
while she went home alone, right?
-How do you know? -What's this all about?
Maybe you don't know, sir,
but it turns out that impersonating an officer of the public authority
is a very serious offence.
Whatever the motive.
Do you understand?
Did you understand, what Conan just explained to you?
(Takagi) Your intention was good, but you made a mistake.
Yasuyo...
I shall arrest him
for impersonation and stealing a police uniform.
Accompany me, please.
Wait!
I'll come back for noodles.
(Takagi) It's true.
(Takagi) He had no criminal record and did not intend to commit any crime.
Besides, the court valued the fact...
that he had caught the house burglar
(Takagi) and released him, although he was fined a hefty fine.
After all, it was as if she had just been scolded.
Bon appetit.
Thank you very much.
You're old enough, why don't you get straight to the point?
"If they wanted to know your opinion, they would have asked for it!"
What did you say?
We must find the person who has entered this room
and recover what he has stolen.
I'd say someone unknown broke into your house while you were away.
Besides, it wasn't that long ago.
(CLEC)
(CLEC) What's wrong? (CLEC) Doctor!
Don't miss the next episode:
"The hiding place of the black photo, (part one)."
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

