The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After tears, a black photo!
In Heiji Hattori has discovered a key clue to catch the men in black!
to catch the men in black!
Who is the man in the photo?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

(Cigars: zic-zic)
(Zic-zic)
(Sonoko) It's so hot!
Why do you make this heat so unbearable?
Do you want to turn my precious skin into a kind of parched scouring pad?
Yes, it's really hot, even though it's the end of August.
I should have done like Eisuke,
who ran home to cool off and rest.
What?
Who did you say ran away?
You were talking about Eisuke, right?
Yes.
He's always doing the same thing lately.
When school's out, he just seems to disappear.
Maybe he's in love with someone!
He must be dating some girl in his neighborhood.
Do you mean that Eisuke's brevas
leaves school in a hurry to stay with his girlfriend?
Why not?
(Think) "It's not that..."
"I'd rather say...
"That he found out that that girl
"is in some hospital in town
"And he's looking for her everywhere."
"It's Rena Mizunashi, a member of the Men in Black organization,
"who is still in a coma."
"The hiding place of the black photo, (part one)
"The FBI is watching the girl closely,
"So it shouldn't be easy to visit her...
"At the hospital where she is admitted."
"But perhaps Eisuke Hondo is capable of that and much more."
(Mobile)
The cell phone!
"The one on the left is Conan's.
"But what's ringing is... Shinichi Kudo's."
Ran, I just remembered that I have some errands to run,
so I'll just go ahead, okay?
As you wish.
(Mobile)
Yes?
Tell me? (Heiji) "Useless!"
What do you like, making me wait?
Please pick up your cell phone right away!
I'm sorry, Hattori...
It's just that you called me at the wrong time.
"You found out something?" Yes.
The Otaki was off duty, and he's been investigating.
But I haven't explained the reasons yet.
He has consulted the student lists of Osaka schools,
from 20 years ago to the present,
and he couldn't find a single student who claims to be Rena Mizunashi.
"So, we've taken that picture they took 10 years ago,
"In which there is a woman who looks very similar,
"And we went to ask everyone around Tsutenkaku."
Most people know that she is a journalist who is on leave,
but we haven't found anyone who knew her when she was younger.
Wow.
"This about the girl." What?
She was also carrying the picture of Eisuke Hondo that you sent me,
and it worked.
I found a man who says he knew him as a child.
Are you serious?
"Yes."
"Next to Tsutenkaku there's a restaurant
"where Eisuke often went to eat with his father."
"Have you asked about the father?"
"He has been described to me as a very reserved man."
The only thing they know about him is that his name was Hondo.
"At least, that's what the others called him."
The others?
Yes, it seems that from time to time he went to the restaurant...
with his co-workers.
Until, several years ago, they suddenly disappeared from the neighborhood.
Do you know what he did for a living?
"No, I don't,
"But the current owner of the restaurant has told me...
"That maybe the former owner knows something else."
It seems that they were good friends
and that, when it was closing time,

"They would stay in the restaurant for a while doing the talking."
"What were they talking about? Did you find the former owner of the restaurant?"
"Even if I found him, I couldn't talk."
"He's been dead for a long time."
You mean he's dead?
What if the men in black had something to do with it?
Stop the cart!
He died of illness.
It looks like he had cancer.
Besides, he was pretty big.
Then, you could not have continued investigating.
Yes, I did.
And now comes the important part.
I have been told that the former owner of the restaurant
had a grandson he was very fond of.
I guess the only way to find out more
is to go see this grandson and talk to him.
A grandson?
"Apparently, he studied at Osaka University,
"and he lived there for four years."
"As he often went to eat at the restaurant,
"It is possible that he knew the father of Eisuke Hondo."
And do you know what this grandson does for a living now?
"He has a model store."
"I have his phone number and address,"
but if you want to go talk to him, be careful.
I imagine that this man, the father of the Eisuke Hondo,
can't be trusted at all.
"Why?"
"The businessmen who accompanied her to dinner at the restaurant.
"They were different almost every day, and more than half of them were foreigners."
"Moreover, both Eisuke's father and his companions...
"They were dressed in black, as if returning from a funeral."
Well, that's them for sure!
Yes.
Besides, he didn't like to have his picture taken...,
so I don't know what kind of face he was making.
By the way, another thing...
Eisuke's father was called by different names
every time he appeared:
Subouchi, Ishikawa....
In fact, Hondo was only one of the many names he was called.
That's why he was considered a reserved man,
he didn't speak out of caution.
Yes.
If the grandson of the former restaurant owner
knew Eisuke's father, I imagine that by now...
...the others must be watching him because he knows what kind of face he's making.
What are you saying now?
That you won't come to dinner?
At the doctor's house?
Ah... Okay, okay, okay.
"What a way to stand me up!"
"Mm? By the way, where's the father?"
What?
You say you're going to investigate the Eisuke Hondo?
Right now?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, right now, doctor.
To be more exact,
I want to go to see a person
who knew Eisuke's father when he was young.
Are you sure, Conan? Don't worry!
I called the Ran
and told her that I'd stay over at your place tonight.
I don't want to say that!
This man might be related to the men in black.
That's why I'm in such a hurry!
If I linger too long,
she'll sense our conversation and then she'll say she wants to come with me.
She? Yes, the one taking a shower!
I'm here.
What did you call me?
"It's over already?"
(Agasa) Good evening.
Look, your grandfather asked me for a favor when he was still alive.
He wanted me to give something to a regular customer of the restaurant
who was a close friend of his.
Yes, I have a slight idea who this customer might be,
but I'd like to make sure.
It looks like it was something very important, you know?
(Boy) "Ah, I know who you mean!"
"It must be a gentleman who often went to the restaurant with his son."
What?
Well yes, I imagine it must be him.
Could you tell me his name and the address of the company where he works?
if you know it?
"It's just that I only met him a couple of times."
Maybe you could describe him to me approximately.
I'm hesitating between 2 or 3 people.
"The truth is that I don't really remember now what face he was making..."
"It seems to me that we'll be done sooner.
"If I show you a picture of the man you're looking for."
What?
Do you have a picture of this man?
It was my understanding that he didn't like having personal pictures taken of him.
"You're right, but I do have a picture where he happens to be."
"It was one day when his son was playing with my camera."
Would it be okay if we met right now?
Then I could take a look at the photo.
"Right now?"
"It's just that I close the store at 7:00 today.
"And then I was planning on going to the gym,
"I won't be home till after 11."
That's okay!

I will wait for you in front of your house itself.
"Don't worry."
"I'm going home right now, I'll go to the gym another day."
-Are you sure? - "Yes."
"I feel like talking to someone my grandfather knew."
Thank you very much.
How strange.
He should have been here half an hour ago.
He told me to wait for him here.
He'd be here soon.
I'm going to see what happened.
What?
You stay here, Haibara.
Let's see, the floor number was... (Ouch) 302.
I told you to stay in the car, didn't I?
(Ding-dong)
Maybe it's gone.
How weird is that... (CLEC)
Hello.
(Ding-dong) What's wrong? (Ding-dong) Doctor!
Finally... you found me, eh?
Avi.
Aaaaah...!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't suffer.
It's a toy gun that I sell in my store.
If you look closely, you will see that the barrel of the gun is obstructed.
You must be the person who phoned me earlier.
Yes.
It's just that I thought, if you knew my grandfather,
he should be used to this kind of prank.
Grandpa was a gun nut and a fan of suspense.
Whenever we met, he would greet me this way.
It's true, I remember!
It's just that I was absent-minded... and, of course, I got scared for no reason.
"I get it!"
"He made us wait outside
"Because he wanted us to be impatient and come to call."
"So he could play a joke on us."
And these children?
Who are these children?
They are my grandchildren, who wanted to come at all costs.
I hope you do not mind.
And now!
Come on, we go up.
(Ding)
It's a bit messy, but come in.
"Oh! What a chaotic floor!"
"The slippers are mismatched."
Excuse me, can I go to the bathroom?
Yes.
Go ahead.
It's so hot!
(Ai) This noon was very hot,
that's why the house got so hot.
Let's see, I think the album was on the top shelf.
Strange, it's gone.
I was sure I kept the album on this shelf.
Gee!
"It's spring."
"Is it water?"
"Wet tissues."
Listen.
You don't have any copies of the photo on the computer?
Ah.
I do.
I'll print it right away, hold on.
Oh!
The, the folder is empty!
Strange, I don't remember deleting anything.
What happened?
I don't know,
but I'd say someone broke into your house while you were away.
Besides, it may not have been that long ago.
What's that?
Someone broke into my house when I wasn't there?
And not too long ago?
That's impossible!
You've left some clear evidence, like the slippers.
The slippers in the hallway are scattered all over the place anyway.
No..,
Go ahead.
When you got home,
after you've been at the store all day,
the slippers in the washroom were the only ones that were on properly.
"This means that it is very likely
"That someone went into the washroom while you weren't home."
Yeah, yeah..., anyway,
from time to time I leave the slippers in the sink on properly.
But only sometimes.
So you say, you don't always think.
No, of course not.
But the intruder wanted to leave us a few more clues.
Another detail that has caught my attention...
are the drops of water that are scattered on the floor.
Is it water?
Can you see it?
At first glance, the liquid, it is not very clear what it is,
but if we take into account that the drops are located
around the table and in front of the shelf,
"And that the wastebasket is full of wet tissues...,"
we can deduce that these small drops on the floor are from sweat.
Needless to say, they are from the intruder who has entered your house.
What?
Drops of sweat?
That's possible.
The intruder has entered the apartment
and started sweating because it was so hot.
"He wiped off the sweat and threw the tissues into the wastebasket."
"However, he has continued to sweat,
"so that a few beads of sweat fell down
"On the places where he has lingered the most,
"in front of the bookshelf and around the computer desk."
-And why the hell didn't he turn on the air conditioner?
if it was so hot?
He's right.
I'm clueless!

I always leave a light on when I leave the house,
and the air conditioning control is on the table.
It's very easy to find.
"Yes. He just couldn't bring himself to turn it on."
"He thought that, if you came home and felt the coolness of the air," I said,
"He immediately suspected that someone had come in."
Besides, he didn't know exactly...
how long it would take to warm up
and get back to its usual temperature
once you had turned off the air conditioning and left.
This is true.
But the definitive proof that it has gone in is the computer tower,
which is still giving off heat.
It is not normal for the tower to have already warmed up like this,
because we only started up the computer a moment ago.
So the man who broke into my house wanted...?
Yes, I would say he was looking for a photo.
The photo you promised to show us.
The same one with the man we've been trying to locate for days.
The photographs stored on the computer have been erased,
and the album that should be the bookshelf has also disappeared.
"By the way, I have come to the conclusion....
"That the intruder had not long been here,
"Because, if you notice, the handkerchiefs are still damp..."
and the drops of sweat from the ground have not evaporated,
even though it's so hot.
From the look of the drops
and the temperature and humidity in the room,
we can be sure that, as long as the door is closed,
there is no draft at all.
That's why you can still smell the stench of leftover food.
If we take these conditions into account,
and we look at the state of evaporation of the sweat drops,
we can deduce that it has only been 10 minutes since someone has been on the floor.
But... how do you know all this?
Wh-who are you?
In Conan Edogawa.
Detective.
De-detective?
The main problem
is to find out where the intruder entered the house.
At first glance, it doesn't look like anyone has forced the door,
and the kitchen window is locked with a latch.
This means he must have entered through another room.
On-where are you going?
I have to get into this room.
It only has two rooms, this floor?
Yes.
"The curtain is moving."
The window's open.
The intruder left it open?
How uncautious!
It's not that.
This window is always a little open.
This room is where I make my dioramas.
I have to paint the figures,
glue the different parts together and file them.
All this generates a lot of dust,
and that's why I thought this room had to be ventilated.
Also, take a look at the street.
It's full of stores, and there are always people walking around.
If the intruder had climbed up and down with a rope,
he would have been spotted right away.
Maybe in the middle of the night it's not so crowded,
but it's barely 9 p.m.
So, it looks like he couldn't have come in here.
No, of course, it's impossible for him to have come in that way,
especially in broad daylight.
I have to be honest, it's you guys that have me intrigued.
"According to what this gentleman has told me,
"He's looking for one of the regulars
"of the restaurant my grandfather used to own,
"to return something Grandpa gave him."
I let you guys go up to my house to show you the picture,
but all of a sudden, this little guy has started playing detective.
and, to tell you the truth, I find it a bit strange.
If you already have a rough idea of who the man you are looking for is,
why don't you show him the object you want to give him,
tell him that it's from my grandfather.
and ask him if he's the one you're looking for?
Yes, it just... it turns out...
It's a wallet.
A very big wallet full of money.
A wallet, you say?
I wasn't expecting this.
Yes, that's the truth... It's a wallet.
You can see that this man is neglecting the restaurant.
But we can't give it back to him
until we're sure he's the owner,
because he could say it's his and it wouldn't be true.
Yes, you can't play with money.
By the way, is there anyone else besides you...
who has a copy of the key to this apartment?
Do you?
There are more people who have the key.
There are 3 of them.
Can you tell me who they are?
"The first one is Saori, my ex-girlfriend. She used to come home often."

"It was a very nice time."
"Now I realize he still hasn't given me back the key to the apartment."
"The other two people are model designers like me," he said,
"At Tago and Furusho."
"I wanted to enter a diorama contest,
"And I gave them a copy of the key to each one of them
"So they could come and help me whenever they wanted."
The three of them are the only ones who have the key
to easily get in and out of this floor.
But I don't think any of them have come to remove it from the computer.
Why don't you call them on the phone,
and ask them what they've done today?
All right, okay.
-Hey! -Edogawa.
Shinichi, we should call the police as soon as possible.
The person who came in here might be one of the men in black.
It wasn't one of the men in black.
No? They wouldn't have left so much evidence.
Maybe they had to hurry
because this guy came home early.
In fact, he told us he was scheduled to go to the gym until 11:00,
but he changed his plans.
If he had to rush as much as he says he did,
it's possible that the intruder was still in the apartment when we arrived.
(Agasa) "Maybe he had a fellow watchman at the entrance.
"Who tipped him off when we were about to arrive."
-If he left so much evidence, maybe he was waiting for him to kill him.
Listen.
Wouldn't it be better if we called the police?
When the police arrive, they're bound to start asking questions.
Sooner or later, they'll find out...
that you didn't know this boy's grandfather at all.
Before that happens,
we have to get him to take care of the situation,
we have to find the person who broke into this room
and get back what he stole.
"That is, the picture where the father of..... Eisuke Hondo!"
"It's wet."
What does this mean?
Oh!
Right under our noses?
You mean it's still in here?
Yes.
And he's known... that's why!
It can't be!
"The... the company?"
Don't miss the next episode!
"The hiding place of the black photo, (part two)
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

