The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, the company!
Deductions have revealed a discovery!
Who is that person in the mysterious photo?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

"In Hattori has given me a key clue.
"To begin investigating Eisuke Hondo's past,
"A mysterious new student in Ran's class."
"We've gone to the home of a model store owner.
"Who says he has a photo of Eisuke's father."
"But the photo has disappeared."
"From a series of clues,
"We've been able to deduce that someone broke in to steal it."
By the way, is there anyone else besides you...
who has a copy of the key to this apartment?
Ah... Yes.
There are more people who have the key.
There are 3 of them.
"Why don't you call them and ask them what they've done today?
Alright, alright.
-Hey! -Edogawa.
We should call the police as soon as possible.
The person who came in here might be one of the men in black.
It wasn't one of the men in black.
No?
They wouldn't have left so much evidence.
Why don't we call the police right now, kid?
When the police get here, they're bound to start asking questions.
Sooner or later, they'll find out...
that you don't know anything about this boy's grandfather.
Before that happens,
we have to get him to take charge of the situation.
We need to find the person who broke into this room
and get back what he stole.
That is, the picture of the father of.... Eisuke Hondo!
"The hiding place of the black photo, (second part)"
Hello, are you Saori?
No, it's okay, I was just calling you to chat for a while.
I wanted to know how your life was going.
What did you do today?
(Girl) "What do you think?"
"Why do I have to explain myself to you if you and I don't go out?"
You're... you're right.
"I didn't do anything special."
"I've gone to buy some clothes
"So that in a little while I have a date with my new boyfriend."
Ah, good!
I'm so glad...
"Thank you. We'll go to the Italian restaurant at Beika's hotel."
"You should eat well once in a while too."
"Even though you eat precooked noodles?"
Well... yes.
"And you should also shower more often! Okay?"
Yes, and so much!
"I have to stop, my boyfriend is about to come home."
- "Don't call me again, okay?" - Sure, sorry!
(Sighs)
How embarrassing!
Why put me through this ordeal?
He-he-he?
He-he-he!
It's just in case.
(Boy) "Today? You want to know what I did today?"
Yes.
"I've been cooped up in the house all day."
"I've been building a miniature tank, a Tiger I."
"The contest is just around the corner."
You bet!
I hope the model turned out well for you, Tago.
"Of course it did! Top notch!"
"It even looks like the tank is rusty."
I can't wait to see it!
Lately, your models have been looking perfect, eh?
"By the way, you should have your soldiers finished by tomorrow."
"I'd like to check that they fit my tank."
-Tomorrow? - "Yes."
"I'd like you to go over them with some colored paint."
"It's just that the day after tomorrow I've got a lot of scary work to do!"
What are you crazy?
I'll have to work all night!
Besides, I've got dirty dishes and a pile of laundry to do!
"You can do all this tomorrow morning."
"Now it's already late and disturb the neighbors."
Understood.

"If you want, tomorrow morning, I'll come,
"and I'll help you wash the dishes and clothes while you sleep."
Yes?
That's great!
I'd go first!
(Doorbell: ding-dong)
I'll leave you, they just rang the doorbell.
"Okay, see you tomorrow."
(Intercom: boy) "I'll bring you a package."
(Intercom: boy) Okay!
(Intercom: boy) Go ahead.
(Intercom: boy) What?
You've been sick and in bed all day?
That's serious!
I hope you get better, Furusho.
"Yes, don't worry."
"It seems to me that I've caught one of those viruses that leave you sterrecat."
"I recommend you do a thorough cleaning of your apartment, just in case."
Yes...
"I say that because my apartment is as dirty and messy as you are."
Oh... Thank you.
"By the way, now that we're talking about viruses,
"you should install a good antivirus on your computer."
"Haven't you heard the news?"
You're right, I've heard that some very damaging viruses have come out.
"Yes. If you lost the photos of the dioramas we made together...
"And that you posted on your blog,
"I'd be so upset I'd cry and everything!"
The photos can be redone at any time.
"Dioramas have life!"
"Their essence keeps changing from the day you build them!"
Okay, don't suffer, man!
You know I really appreciate you taking such great photos.
Hey, take a rest and get better soon!
Yes, I heard that!
I promise I'll update the antivirus on the computer.
Do not suffer! (Think) "It's wet."
"Is it sweat?"
(Snorts)
Listen.
Do you remember how many slippers you have?
I don't.
Whenever I finish a diorama, I always invite friends over for a snack...
and make a glass of sake to celebrate.
That's why I have so many slippers,
but I don't know exactly how many there are.
"They're all dry."
And, say, there aren't any friends of yours that you've found suspicious?
No, not one!
They've all reacted as usual.
I'd better call the police as soon as possible.
Wait a minute... Tell me, what are your friends like?
What do you mean?
I've already explained who they were.
I mean... I need to know if they're fat or skinny, tall or short...
The Saori, the first person I've talked to,
must be about five feet tall and rather chubby.
"Oh. What a face!"
The next one, in Tago, is quite short.
I would say, even shorter than the Saori.
And the last one, in Furusho, is very tall and thin.
He'll be over six feet tall.
But... this is of no importance.
You're wrong.
It's the ultimate clue.
-Eh? -Huh? -Huh?
One of these 3 people broke into your house while you were away
and stole your photo album.
What are you talking about?
Besides, you may be surprised to know that this person...
is still hiding somewhere in the house.
We have her right in front of the nassos.
Eh?
In front of the noses?
You mean she's still in here?
That's impossible, kid.
The only ones who have the key to this floor are Saori, my ex-girlfriend,
and Tago and Furusho, my model designer friends.
If you're so sure that one of them is hiding in a corner of my house,
tell me right now where the hell he's hiding!
Hm!
Sure.
But, in return, I want you to make me a promise.
A... promise?
What... promise?
I want you to promise me that, when we find the thief,
you'll immediately show us the stolen photo on him
before we call the police.
What?
When the police inspectors arrive,
they will probably seize the album as proof of the theft.
If they take it, they won't let us see the photo.
Oh... Okay...
I assume you're referring to the photo
of the man who left his wallet unattended at Grandpa's restaurant, right?
Oh.
Yes... He-he-he-he-he...
Yes!
We're sure this man must be worried about his wallet,
and we'd like to return it to him right away.
Tell me something.
How do you know the person who stole the photo is still in my house?
By the sweat.
It's the sweat.
The sweat?
The seat of the chair where I got on a moment ago...
is soaked with sweat.
The thief has probably done the same thing I did.
He climbed on the chair

and, as his feet were sweaty, he left the spring seat.
It is true that the seat of the chair is a little damp,
but this does not prove that it is still here.
There are no son.
They are not here?
The what?
There should be some sweaty slippers...
which are the ones the burglar put on when he broke in,
but... they're not there.
In addition, there are no bare footprints on the floor,
and this proves that the intruder has put on slippers.
Perhaps the footprints have dried.
It must have been quite a while since he entered.
Note that the beads of sweat have not yet evaporated.
In any case,
you've only checked the slippers you found in the hallway.
You haven't yet examined the ones I'm wearing, for example.
Hasn't it occurred to you to think...
that maybe these are the ones the thief has put on?
As I'm wearing rather thick socks,
I don't notice if the slippers are wet or not.
Well, I think you should have noticed right away.
Because even if you hadn't noticed whether they were damp or not....,
you should have found them warm
and you should have suspected that someone had put them on.
But none of us noticed anything strange
when we put on our slippers.
This means that the intruder saw that you were about to arrive
and hid in a hurry,
without having time to take off his slippers.
Yes, you're right.
But the thief was searching the room to find the photo, wasn't he?
If he was busy, how could he have known we were about to arrive?
Well, he knew... that's why!
Ah!
The intercom!
Yes.
When we got tired of waiting,
we entered the gate of the building
and dialed the number of this floor into the intercom.
(Ding-dong)
"Right after that, Sohei came in...
"And sneaked up behind us."
"That's how the person who was on the floor
"He knew that Sohei was about to arrive."
"You know, when someone touches the button downstairs,
"The face of the newcomer appears on the screen of the intercom."
Just like before, when the delivery man is called.
Yes, you are absolutely right.
Yes.
Right.
From the time we called the intercom until we got to the apartment,
the burglar has had plenty of time to hide out
before we went to open the front door.
Fair enough!
And what else?
Tell us who the intruder is, Conan.
If you think back and reflect on what the 3 suspects have said
when Sohei called them on the phone, you'll know right away.
It turns out that the thief...
revealed to us over the phone...
the place where he's hiding.
-What?! - Are you serious?
Tell me, what did your friends tell you when you talked to them on the phone?
Well... Let's see if I remember...
Saori scolded me, as usual, since we didn't go out.
She told me to eat well and to shower more often.
She always tells me that.
In Tago she asked me to finish some figurines of soldiers for tomorrow,
and he told me he'd do the dishes and laundry tomorrow morning,
when I take off.
At Furusho he recommended me to clean the apartment,
so as not to get sick like him,
and he also advised me
to update the antivirus of the computer.
So, at Furusho it is completely out of the question,
because if you were to clean as he told you,
He discovers right away his hiding place.
Yes, that's right.
Now we go over what Saori said.
She scolded you
and advised you to eat well and shower more often.
Maybe she wanted you to go out to dinner at a restaurant
or to take a shower to run away while you were away.
Yes, probably, of course.
He told me he was waiting for the boyfriend and not to call him again.
Saori is innocent.
Why?
Because when you called the 3 suspects,
we didn't hear their voices inside this room.
This means that the thief is hiding
in a place where he can't hear our conversation
nor can he see what's going on in here.
Therefore, from the place where he is hiding?
he can't know if you've left the house or if you've gone to take a shower.
Also, you said that, when you left the house, you always left some light on,
you always left a light on, right?

And the only thing the intruder can do from his hiding place,
is check the clock on his cell phone
to find out what time it is.
Yes, that's the only information he has.
Wait a minute.
If both the Saori and Furusho say they are innocent?
Yes, the thief asked you on the phone...
to have the figurines finished by tomorrow.
In spite of everything, he advised you to wash the dishes...
and do the laundry tomorrow morning.
I'm sure it's in Tago.
This is absurd, man!
If he wants me to have the figurines ready for tomorrow,
I'll have to work all night!
As long as I'm awake, you can't run away!
Although it was a bit risky,
I had to keep you awake
precisely so that I could run away.
Tell me, what steps do you normally do...
before you start working with a model?
What steps do I take?
I prepare all the tools I need... to file them down,
putty them and paint them.
And once you have the tools?
When I have everything ready,
I open this window a little to ventilate the room.
Just a moment!
I guess that Tago is not hidden on the balcony, right?
No, that's impossible.
But he needs you to open the window...
so he can flee across the room.
"Before, when you and I have gone out on the balcony...,"
(Inaudible)
you've left the window closed, right?
Yet you say that you always...
you leave the window ajar to ventilate.
If you worked with the figurines until late,
you would go to sleep and leave the window open.
If the window was open, by pulling back the curtain,
he could check to make sure no one was in the room.
But, boy, we went out on the balcony before and there was no one!
Nobody... in the visible places.
In the visible places, you mean?
Surely you must have understood by now...
why your friend Tago advised you...
to wash the dishes and do the laundry tomorrow morning.
Wait a minute, don't tell me that Tago's...
Yes.
Now you know why...
in Tago he didn't want... you to open... the washing machine.
Ta... Tago!
What the fuck...?
Lo... hello.
By the way, he told you he'd come by tomorrow morning...
to help you wash the dishes and do the laundry...
because he intended to come into the room
"through the open window while you were sleeping,
"And she needed to have an excuse
"In case she got caught while she was trying to run away."
"Surely, she would have said to you:
" 'I came in earlier to help you clean up,' I didn't want to wake up ',"
or something like that.
And she could justify her suspicious behavior
if she was caught tiptoeing so as not to make a sound.
Yes, in case I'm unsure,
I asked you about her height and build.
That's the definitive clue.
I knew she was a short person
because he had to climb up on the chair
in order to reach the top of the bookshelf
and get the photo album.
But she also had to be a thin person
to be able to hide in the washing machine.
(Tago) I'm sorry, Sohei!
I didn't mean it!
I swear I didn't touch anything else besides the photo album, forgive me!
And it was also you
who deleted all the photos I had on the computer?
Yes... But don't worry, because I made a backup copy.
I only wanted to delete one photo, then I would have given them all back to you!
As for the album, I just wanted to take that one photo.
What photo are you talking about?
I don't have any photo of you that could put you in a compromise!
It's... it's the photo...
of the model of the German Army's Panzer IV H model
that I showed you the other day.
What?
But the model of that tank was very well done!
The other designers also said it was magnificent.
Weren't you convinced enough?
No, I wasn't!
It's just that... that model wasn't made by me.
I bought it while I was traveling abroad.
The truth is... I just wanted it as a model.
So, I decided to play a little joke on her...
and I attached a label with my name on it
and showed it to you... as if I had made it myself.
But you guys fell for it
and you even took a picture of it.

If that wasn't enough, you told me to hang the photo on your blog.
"I came to your house to delete it
"Before it started spreading around the net..."
"(Ding-dong)"
"But you came all of a sudden when I thought you were the gym..."
and... and I hid in the washing machine without thinking about it.
You're such an ass!
We knew it was a lie, but we pretended to believe it.
What?
We knew perfectly well that you hadn't made that well-made tank yourself.
But we agreed
to make you believe that we had swallowed the whole thing
until you decided to confess the truth.
Did you see it?
You... you are liars!
Ah.
Look who's talking!
I remind you that it was you, who first tried to deceive everyone.
-Excuse me...
Could you show us the photo we came to see?
I don't suppose you're not going to call the police?
Yes, I am.
Help me find the photo.
The photo?
What picture?
A picture of my grandfather...
with one of his clients who was also a friend of his.
Ah, yes!
You mean that man who often came here with his son.
You know him, Tago?
Yes, Tago and I studied together at Osaka University.
In Sohei he often took me
to eat at his grandfather's restaurant.
One day, Sohei's grandfather introduced us to a man,
and told us that he was his best customer.
I seem to remember that he was a scuba diver.
Didn't you tell me he was from the Maritime Self-Defense Forces?
Did the man tell you that?
Not directly.
One day, when I was going to pay, I dropped a few coins.
By chance, they rolled to the side of the table where I was sitting,
and, as I reached over to pick them up,
"I heard it say, 'The dive is coming.'"
"The dive?"
I've always loved building model tanks and battleships,
ever since I was a little kid,
and at the time I thought the man was talking about a submarine.
But then he asked Sohei's grandfather about it,
and he told me he was just a businessman.
So I came to the conclusion
that maybe he was scuba diving with his co-workers.
With co-workers?
Yes.
The men that were with him in the restaurant...
They were 3 or 4 foreign men,
and they were dressed in black from head to toe.
I got the impression that this man...
intended to dive into dangerous waters,
"So they were all saying things to him like...
" 'Good luck' and 'no pain, no gain',
" 'Good luck' means 'good luck'."
" 'No pain, no gain' means no gain without pain."
Listen.
And your son was also the restaurant, that day?
No, he wasn't.
In fact, when I went with the child, it was always just the two of them.
Look, it's this one!
You're right, this is it!
The child must have been playing with your camera,
it went off and took the picture unintentionally.
(Sohei) Yes, I didn't realize... until I saw the picture.
Are you sure, that man was just a businessman?
Yes.
At least, that's what grandfather said.
He was a businessman.
It looks like he worked in a company.
(Agasa) And you don't know what this company did?
I have no idea.
(Agasa) "The company?"
(Agasa) We finally made it, Shinichi.
-Shinichi!
Shinichi! - (Ouch) Don't strain yourself.
He hasn't stopped looking at this picture since we got in the car.
I don't think he even heard what you were saying.
(Agasa) He's worried sick.
(Agasa) "The company..."
Something has happened in this room.
(Shinichi voice) Yes, probably.
"What's this? Blood?"
A test in one of the 60 minutes?
Yes.
In one of the 60 minutes that lasts an hour.
"It can't be! This didn't go off."
Don't miss the next episode, "The Disappearance of the Waving Cat."
("Y still believe," Shizukusa Yumi).
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

