The light of summer is the brightness of the past.
After the tears, the cat that greets!
A crime has been committed with one of these cats.
Which hand does it raise?
The right, the left or both?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema,
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!
Asa ni nario machijuu hito ga afureyuku tabi ni...
Daijin na kanashimi mo miushinaisou.
Kotoba ni wa naranai kimochi wo,
Kitto daremos ga kakushiteru he.
Bukiyou na yasashisa kidzuketara,
motto Futari wa chikadzuku kana.
Namida no yesterday,
yureru summer breeze,
Kiet natsu wo taguriyoseta.
Nante jiyuu tada omou koto,
nee umitori ga tobitatte iku yo!
Soshite kimi mo mata dokoka y,
yukou to shite aruku tochuu deshou.
Tsudzuki no nai yume wo mitema
mezametara mata toki wa nagarete!

Listen to me!
Don't even think of looking up!
If you look up, I'll peel your hair!
Yes, I know, but do me a favor and hurry up!
(Thinking) "Why the hell do I have to do these things?"
"If I knew, I wouldn't stop to greet her!"
(Cat: meows)
Do not suffer.
Come with me.
(Cat: meows) Oh.
I'm not here yet.
It's unbelievable, Edogawa!
You're so low, you're not even good for that!
May I?
If I'm small, it's not my fault!
Excuse me, do you know whose kitty this is?
No, no idea.
Does anyone know this lost cat?
Txatxo!
May I know where you've been, Txatxo?
Ah...
Sorry, guys, I didn't mean to scare you.
It turns out that this kitten you found is mine...
It ran away a few days ago and I was looking for it.
We found it in the park.
It seems to me that he has a wounded paw, because he has blood coming out... a little.
Poor thing.
He has healed received?
Thank you.
You are welcome.
(Boy) To thank you for what you have done,
I invite you to take a refreshment in my cafeteria.
There is a customer a bit flashy, but it's quite quiet.
That's good!
Faster!
Come on, come on, give it more power!
Run!
(sighs) Unbelievable.
- (bell: chimes) - (woman) Excuse me!
Mr. Ishigami, come here at once, something terrible has happened!
Se... Mr. Kanemaru!
"The disappearance of the waving cat."
Aaaah!
A coffee, please.
I want another coffee!
Eh? (Sirens)
(Sirens)
(Sirens) Oh.
Inspector Megure!
What the fuck is Inspector Megure doing here?
(People: whispering)
Inspector!
You again?
I was out for a walk, I saw the patrol cars...
and I thought maybe they needed me.
Where did you come from?
That's so much.
Nothing happened, kid?
Yes.
It turns out that the director of the... Grrrrr!
Kanemaru Agency...
Does anyone know what this company does?
Well...
With the sign outside it's not clear enough,
but it's a loan company.
Although this man called himself a "director",
he actually worked alone.
What was the victim's name?
Did he have a family?
Kenzo Kanemaru, 65 years old.
He was single and had no family.
According to the coroner,
the cause of death was a blow to the head from a hard object.
It is likely that the assailant used?
one of these ceramic cats.
(Kogoro) My goodness, what a lot of cats!
(Man) Fragments of pottery were found next to the body.
The murder weapon was a waving cat.
Do we know the approximate time of death?
Yes.
He's been dead for several hours.
The murder was committed between 11:00 and 1:00.
Who is this man?
Oh, yes, he is.
This is Detective Kogoro Mouri.
(Man) This is Mrs. Fumie Imaoka,
the person who found the body.
She came to clean the place one day a week.
"Today she arrived at half past five 2 o'clock, as usual."
Boy, this information you should give to me, don't you think?
Ah... I'm sorry, Inspector Megure.
It seems the murderer has broken into the safe.
Inspector Megure.
There's almost a million yen in the safe,
but the murderer hasn't touched a penny.
Understood.
Mr. Inspector, according to my hypothesis,
the person who killed Mr. Kanemaru has been

the one who found the body, Mrs. Imaoka.
She had a debt of 300,000 yen.
I imagine that the moneylender was pressuring her
to pay him back,
until she got fed up and decided to kill him.
A most... typical homicide.
Hey, inspector!
Are you accusing me?
Mr. Kanemaru made me a loan of 300,000 yen
and offered to forgive me the interest
in exchange for me coming to clean the shop one day a week.
But that doesn't mean anything! Don't worry, ma'am.
Don't take it that way.
Inspector! Mm?
What's up?
We found something on the desk in the director's office.
Can you take a look?
Look, it's a notepad.
September 3rd, half past twelve, Chika Murai.
This means that today...
Mr. Kanemaru was scheduled to receive in his office...
that Miss Chika Murai.
(Male) Mr. Ishigami,
the owner of the coffee shop across the street,
stated that today, at half past twelve noon,
he saw a young woman enter Mr. Kanemaru's office.
Ah.
A young woman? Ahem...
Oh.
Oooh!
Excuse me, Inspector.
-Do you remember what she looked like? -Yes.
"She was an eye-catching girl."
"She was wearing expensive clothes and a branded bag, and she was all dressed up."
"But after 10 minutes..."
(Kogoro) "So, she entered the agency at half past twelve...
(Kogoro) "And she left at five minutes to three quarters to five."
The time coincides with the approximate time of death.
Yeah, we're interviewing possible witnesses,
and we're searching the city for a girl
matching the description.
Yes.
Yeah, all right, uh... All right, uh...
Take her over here, and we'll question her.
They found a girl matching this girl's description.
They'll take her right away.
Entesos.
Anyway, I was thinking...
that Mr. Kanemaru had some very strange hobbies.
You say he collects waving cats?
This man was not a collector, he was just greedy.
He collected these cats because he wanted to attract money.
To attract money, you say?
If you look, you'll notice that they all have their right paws up.
(Kogoro) It's true!
I was also struck by
so many cats with their right paws raised.
He explained to me that cats with their left paw raised
are used to attract people;
but cats with their right paws attract money.
(Man) Please give me a lot of money!
I don't want to have visitors, because I have to buy them a cup of tea.
(Fumie) He was a cheapskate and a slave to money.
That's why he only had cats that lifted their right paw, right?
Did you know that, that cats that wave attract money?
No.
I can't believe I won't have to clean this place anymore!
The truth is that I've taken a load off my mind.
(Thinking) "Clean?"
Ma'am, do you know if Mr. Kanemaru vacuumed himself?
Mmm... He never did.
He said it used too much electricity,
so he only let me do it one day a week.
Conan, please don't touch anything!
Can't you see you're in the way?
Uh... Yes.
The bag, you say?
No, I haven't changed it.
And I doubt very much that Mr. Kanemaru did it,
because he never cleaned it.
I'm surprised it's missing.
Is that her?
Yes.
I'm sure it was this girl, the one I saw.
"What did she pick up, with the vacuum cleaner?"
"And why did she make the bag disappear?"
"If she took it, why did she do it?"
(Inaudible)
Mystery solved!
The girl had taken the debt register with her.
When they showed her the notepad with her name on it, she couldn't make up any excuse,
she couldn't make any excuse.
This time, it won't be necessary for me to give them a hand.
Oh.
What's this?
It looks like a ceramic cat's paw.
I found it under the sofa.
It must be from when Miss Chika's pawnbroker died...
Eh?
Wow!
It's an old-fashioned table clock.
The numbers change as the plates fall.
I didn't know these clocks were still in use today.
Mrs. Imaoka is right, this man was a cheapskate.
"He's come all this way?"
"I won't say it's not possible, but..."

"Wait a minute!"
"It can't be! This didn't shoot out."
"Sure! That's why they vacuumed it."
"But who did it?"
He confessed.
Yes?
And what was his motive?
It seems that he had asked for a loan to Mr. Kanemaru,
to be able to buy clothes, shoes, accessories,
watches and all kinds of expensive and flashy brand-name items.
She dropped out of college to work,
but she couldn't pay him back.
Until today he decided...
There's only 100,000 yen?
Where is the interest?
I have reached the limit of my patience!
I'll call your parents to pay me the missing money.
Please don't do that!
Don't say anything to my parents, I don't want them to know!
I am not an NGO.
If you can't pay me back the money, someone else will have to.
That's why you took the debt register with you when you ran away.
It's all cleared up, then.
"What is this? Blood?"
Something happened in this room.
Yes, it is probable.
There is a test in one of the 60 minutes.
A test in one of the 60 minutes?
Yes.
In one of the 60 minutes that lasts an hour.
Hold this.
I have to do some things.
I have to go.
What?
Wait, Haibara...
So, you took one of the ceramic cats...
and hit Mr. Kanemaru on the head, right?
(Cries)
"No. This case is more convoluted than it seems."
The wound has already healed.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome, but maybe you should take her to the vet.
I will.
"I knew it."
Come on, Conan.
We're leaving.
Oh.
I'll get there in time to hear the last race, though.
Can I go back to the cafeteria? -Of course, of course you can!
Inspector Megure, congratulations on solving the case.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Here we go again, Mouri?
Are you going to tell us we've got the wrong person, as usual?
(Kogoro voice) Indeed, Inspector.
It's true that Miss Chika Murai has assaulted Mr. Kanemaru
by hitting him on the head with a ceramic cat,
in this very office.
But she is only guilty of assault.
Assault?
And who killed him, then?
When Miss Chika attacked him,
Mr. Kanemaru lost consciousness.
But it seems to me that he must not have been unconscious for a long time.
Mr. Ishigami saw the girl who was running out of the agency
at three-quarters to five of one.
When this lady had already left,
someone attacked Mr. Kanemaru for the second time.
What?
What do you mean, she was attacked a second time?
Bring the watch in the principal's office, please.
Hirota.
Yes.
Now, set the clock back to 12:59 minutes past 12.
Gee, this clock is really old-fashioned!
Ten to run like this.
Oh, my goodness!
But it's...!
It's the blood that came out of Mr. Kanemaru's head
when he was murdered.
Besides, it was done in the next room, at 12:59 minutes past 12.
Therefore, this girl was no longer in the office.
Wait a minute, does that mean...
that Mr. Kanemaru's murderer was someone else?
Yes, someone else came a little later...
and Mr. Kanemaru died.
So, the office is the second crime scene?
"The murderer must have carefully cleaned the blood from the office."
But the time on the clock has changed and he didn't notice...
that there was a minute sheet splattered with blood.
I see what you mean.
So who was the person who murdered the pawnbroker?
Take a look at the notepad on the table.
Mr. Kanemaru wrote down the name of his murderer.
Chika Murai, at half past twelve.
Now, turn the page.
It is blank.
There is nothing written.
There's nothing written so that the murderer had an appointment with Kanemaru at
right after Miss Chika.
"He has seen that there was his name written on the notepad.
"And he tore off the sheet."
Inspector, take a pencil...
and see if you can run it gently over the sheet.
It must have marked the traces of the note that disappeared.
Look, some letters have appeared!
Oooh!
September 3rd, one o'clock.
Ishigami?
Mr. Ishigami, you had an appointment with Mr. Kanemaru...

today at one o'clock noon as it says here?
Yes, it's true, I was supposed to meet him today at 1:00,
but I had a lot of work in the cafeteria
and in the end I couldn't come.
Conan, show it to the inspector.
Yes!
Here, inspector.
A handkerchief?
Oh!
But it's... a bloodstain!
Yes.
It's the paw print of your cat, Txatxo.
(Kogoro voice) Inspector Megure,
on the window sill of the director's office,
there's a print that matches the one on the handkerchief.
Please check it out.
Mr. Ishigami says he didn't come,
but it turns out his cat did.
Anyway, I don't think the cat came through the door,
because it was locked.
The window is open, but there is a security gate,
and I doubt that the cat jumped from the street
and got in through the grille.
Mr. Mouri is right, sir, the prints match.
It seems to me that there is only one possible solution, gentlemen.
Txatxo entered the agency with Mr. Ishigami,
who showed up at one o'clock in the afternoon.
as Mr. Kanemaru had written down in his notebook.
I already told them no.
I didn't come in here!
Well!
There's something down there!
What could it be?
There's something strange under the sofa.
I think it's a fragment of the ceramic cat.
Inspector, that thing in your hand is a piece of the soul...
that Mr. Ishigami has used to attack and kill in Kanemaru.
What?
But, Mouri, think that Miss Chika confessed...
that she had taken a cat from the shelf
to attack Mr. Kanemaru.
She must have used the missing one, because we found the fragments.
But where is the ceramic cat that Mr. Ishigami used?
Hey, Inspector Megure.
This piece of pottery in your hand corresponds to the left paw, right?
Eh?
Mmm... Yes, you're right, it's from the left.
Eh?
All the cats here have their right paw raised up.
and the left one, shrunken.
This can only mean one thing:
that this paw belongs to a cat that wasn't from this agency.
What are you implying?
That the murderer used a cat that he brought from somewhere else?
Mr. Ishigami, you arrived here...
a little before the scheduled time
with a ceramic cat that had its left paw raised.
Then, according to your confession, you saw Miss Chika.
"The pawnbroker just lost consciousness...
"When Miss Chika assaulted him,
"And he woke up immediately."
"Then..."
What can I pass, Mr. Kanemaru?
Are you all right?
What happened to you?
Don't worry, I'm fine.
That scoundrel didn't return my money, and she wanted to kill me.
What about you?
Have you taken the money?
Well, no, I haven't got it yet...
Why not?!
But I brought her... a small gift as compensation.
Wow, a cat that says hello!
What a good idea.
What do you take me for?
I only collect cats that have their right paw raised,
because they're the ones that attract money.
The others don't interest me.
This is bullshit!
Leave right now and start vacating the premises!
Leave me alone and get out!
First that bitch, and now you!
Everybody wants to make a fool of me.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Kogoro voice) "Then, in Txatxo has scared,
"He has stuck a piece of pottery in his paw...
"And has escaped through the window."
"Meanwhile, you have remembered Miss Chika,
"who had just left the agency on her legs,
"And you had an idea."
"You dragged Mr. Kanemaru's corpse into the other room."
"She cleaned up all the blood stains,
"picked up the larger pieces of pottery...
"And vacuumed up the smaller shards."
"Then he took the vacuum cleaner bag with him."
"Unfortunately, he neglected to destroy two obvious pieces of evidence."
Mr. Ishigami, do you want to change your statement?
You have not long since committed the murder,
and your scope is quite narrow.
Sooner or later, we will find the remaining fragments of the murder weapon,
we'll confront the fingerprints,

we will collect DNA samples and it won't be long before we find out the truth.
It is true.
Detective Mouri is right in everything he said.
Today... was the deadline to pay him back the loan.
If I didn't pay him back, he would force me to vacate the premises!
That's why...
Cats waving are good for attracting happiness,
but today they have attracted misfortune.
(Kogoro) Conan, come here a moment!
What's the matter? That's it, perfect!
Look what a beautiful cat I have built
with my own hands!
It has both paws raised
to attract both people and money.
Look at it!
No more bad luck!
Hurrah!
"Ha... I think I'd better give up."
"It's hopeless."
"A famous writer of mystery novels has died
"under strange circumstances in a room in his house."
"He wears a ring with a mysterious inscription."
"Inspectors Sato and Takagi have gone to investigate the crime."
"Inspector Sato is also wearing a ring!"
"What, have you already asked her, Inspector Takagi?"
"You've entered a labyrinth of mysteries and love!"
Don't miss the next special episode:
"The Love Story.
"Between the inspectors of Central Police Station 8."
("Y still believe", Shizukusa Yumi)
Omou dake tonde wa hubiera,
Itsu Konno nakimushi ni Natta Darou.
But I still believe
kumo ga hareteyuku.
Kimi wa Noka ni INAI...
ikiteyukenai omoide dake de wa...
Aaa... Y ll be with you.
Aaa... Shinjitai no.
Aaa... tatoe donna nami ni
sarawaresou demo Aishiteru yo...
Aaaa... Aaa... Aaa...

