We are taking a decisive step towards a glorious future.
We are fully prepared!
Inspector Sato wears a ring on her left hand.
Did you finally ask her, Inspector Takagi?
He always finds out the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara...
For the time being, while we wait for the forensic police to arrive,
can I ask you a couple of questions?
I would like to know where you were
before you found Mr. Moroguchi's body,
and what each of you was doing.
Let's start with Mr. Dejima.
Well, I... I was in my room,
I was trying to fix this tape recorder.
I think it's broken,
so the tapes get stuck
and when I rewind them they make a very strange noise,
listen, what a noise it makes.
(Tape: squeaks)
It's true, there is a... very strange squeaking.
And you, Tarumá?
I have made the necessary preparations for this morning's colloquium
and then I locked myself in my room
to sort out the negatives from another job.
I'm tying them up with rubber bands.
Okay, Tarumá.
It's your turn, Miss Anabuki.
I was in my room too,
correcting the galley proofs of another of our writers.
By the way, Miss,
I saw you had a tape measure last night, didn't you?
Do you always carry it in your pocket? What?
Yes...
Mr. Moroguchi often asked me to measure things,
like letters.
But to measure the letters of a magazine
a ruler would be enough.
You know what's wrong, man?
Well... it wasn't just letters.
The old man always made us measure all kinds of things.
Doors or windows, to know if his tricks were credible or not.
He was really picky!
He often asked poor Akiba for these things too.
Before, Akiba and the 3 of us worked together.
Until I decided to leave the publishing house
and set up as a freelance editor.
I get it, you worked together.
Can I tell you something, Inspector Sato?
It has nothing to do with the case, but...
-Tell me, what is it? - (doorbell rings)
Ah.
It must be the forensic police.
I'm so sorry, Ran.
Shall we talk later?
Uh... (doorbell rings)
Uh... Yes.
(Sato) What?
Was it authentic?
Are you sure, that the ring was not a fake?
Yes, we sent it right away to the police station...
because it was examined by an expert,
I'm absolutely sure.
So, the motive for the murder...
was not the theft of the diamond ring.
No.
Apparently not, Inspector.
(Thinking) "And why did he do it?"
"Why did you take the ring if you didn't want to take it?"
By the way, when I took the ring off,
I found a strange mark on the victim's finger.
A strange mark?
Yes... It was on this hand.
Take a look at it.
It's a little smudged, but it's a dark circular mark.
I could swear it's traces of blood.
Is it blood?
How could he have dried blood on his finger?
He probably cut himself while shaving...
and must have... cleaned the wound with this finger.
You know what I mean, right?
Look at this.
He's got a small cut on his lower right jaw.
It's very clear.
By the way, on the coffee cup, on the saucer,
on the coffee pot and the door handle...
we only found the victim's fingerprints.
All right, you got it.
Excuse me... Hey, inspector...
Eh?
Say.
I know this may not be the best time,
but... I have to tell you something.
What's that?
What?
What is it, Ran?
Congratulations on your engagement!
What?
What are you saying now?
I've seen the ring Inspector Sato is wearing.

the ring finger of the left hand.
It's an engagement ring, isn't it, Inspector Takagi?
This looks like it.
"It looks like this," you say?
But it wasn't you who gave it to her, Inspector?
No.
It must have been another man.
A more handsome, more confident man passed you by.
Oh... Oh... Oh...
Oh, Father! It's the truth, sir.
Don't be pessimistic, man!
If you want to get out of doubt, you should ask him if he's engaged!
(Sighs) I wish I dared to ask him,
but I'm afraid of the answer he might give me.
It seems to me that we are both on a tightrope.
I'd say you've long since fallen, off the tightrope!
Perhaps I have, sir.
Do me a favor... (thinks) "Sure! I'm falling!"
"That's why the killer took the ring off!"
"To prepare the trick... of the locked room!"
(thinks) "Anyway, this has no rhyme or reason."
"Mr. Moroguchi has drunk a coffee poisoned with cyanide....
"And died in a room
"where both the door and the window were hermetically sealed."
"In his left hand, he had the key to the room.
"which there is no copy."
"The only opening in the room is a ventilation window.
"Where there is barely room for a child to pass."
"Perhaps he committed suicide under these conditions.
"Because she didn't want the police to be suspicious
"Of any of the people who slept in the house tonight."
"But... something doesn't fit."
"Why was the ring she wore on the middle finger of her left hand...
"Was it upside down?"
According to Miss Anabuki,
the victim rarely took off her diamond ring.
Considering that she was a very meticulous person,
it's quite unlikely that he put the ring on backwards.
"Someone has poisoned Mr. Moroguchi," he said,
"took the ring off for some unknown reason...
"And put it back on later...
"without realizing it was on backwards."
It just occurred to me that... perhaps Mr. Moroguchi took off the ring
just to wipe the blood off his face.
What?
He said, under the ring,
there was dried blood from when he cut himself while shaving, right?
If he got it on his finger,
maybe the ring got blood on it, too, and he took it off to clean it.
No.
If he had removed the ring....,
I'm sure he would have wiped the blood off his finger too.
It would not be logical that he would have taken off the ring to clean it
and not wiped the blood off the finger as well.
But... maybe she cleaned the ring without taking it off.
It's possible, yes. Jo also has a theory.
What if Mr. Moroguchi had been sewing?
Co-sewing?
What do you mean by that, eh, Conan?
It's just that I remembered...
that the other day Ran sewed a cloth for me...
that I had to take to school
and he also put on a ring to sew it.
Did I?
Ah, yes!
But that was a thimble, Conan.
That kind of ring is used
to be able to thread the needle more easily, right?
I think you're getting confused!
The thimble is used to hold the head of the needle,
not to thread the thread.
Are you serious?
Well, I was convinced that you were putting on that kind of ring
to thread something through the needle hole.
Sorry, I was wrong.
To thread something through the needle hole, you said?
Is that why I needed the ring?
Ah!
I... I got it!
"You seem to have understood!"
A rubber! What?
A rubber band?
First, he linked several rubber bands together to form a chain.
"And passed them underneath the ring."
"Then, he glued the two rubber bands at the ends to the key...
"and catapulted it into the room...
"from the ventilation window."
"He could control the distance according to the number of rubber bands he used."
Of course, he did it after he had poisoned Moroguchi,
when he had already left the room and locked it.
It could only have been done by the person....
who always... wears a pile of rubber bands around his wrist.
Mr. Tarumá, the photographer.
It was you!
What are you telling me?
That I'm wrong?
Yes... yes... I didn't do anything, inspector!
"You're wrong again."

I would say, if I had done it that way,
we would have found the rubber chain in the room
when we came in, Inspector.
It would have fallen to the floor when the killer had catapulted the key.
Or maybe not, you scoundrel!
"Listen carefully."
"He could have picked up one end of the rubber band
"and let go only the other."
"Then he could have retrieved the rubber band...
"and take it away so as not to leave any evidence."
But supposing the killer had picked up the rubber bands..,
"As they are not smooth,
"When he would have tried to tighten them, they would have gotten stuck in the ring."
"The corpse's hand would have moved and the arm would have been dangling."
Besides, I don't think the killer would have risked...
to use such a complicated technique
"To leave the key in the palm of his hand."
If the move didn't work out,
we should have deduced at once that he'd thrown the key into the room
through the ventilation window.
Yeah, maybe he does have a point, you guys.
"Oh, of course he is!"
"What a rage!"
"I'd like to inject him with an anesthetic dart like I always do," I said,
"But Inspector Sato scares me a little."
"One day she was already on the verge of finding me out."
"I have to give them more clues so they can solve the mystery on their own."
That's true, Kogoro.
I also think that only a circus performer would be capable
of pulling off a trick like this one you say.
What?
A performer?
You mean a conjuror, don't you?
Not a conjuror.
I mean a circus performer.
Earlier, Inspector Takagi said...
that he and Inspector Sato were on a tightrope.
Tightrope walkers are circus performers, right?
Conan, please shut your mouth!
Don't go on!
What did you mean by that, Takagi?
What did you mean by that, Takagi?
Conan, handsome...!
Don't do that to me, that!
"Wait a minute. The tightrope? The tightrope..."
"I've got it, I've solved the mystery!"
The killer has used something long, like a rope,
that he could pick up from the window.
"He's finally figured it out!"
And it's an object... that Miss Anabuki carries in her pocket.
A metal tape measure!
"Here we go again!"
You mean she's passed the tape measure under the ring?
No!
She stuck the end of the tape measure to the ring.
Then, he put the key hole through the tape...
and slid it from the air vent window
into the palm of the victim's hand.
Like a tightrope!
-Wait a minute, it won't get caught!
At what point did you pass
the key hole for the tape measure?
It is quite obvious!
He did it just after he poisoned Mr. Moroguchi.
"He put the key hole through the tape measure,
"He hooked the metal hook on the ring...
"and stretched the tape to the ventilation window."
"Then he left the tape support with the key...
"resting on the window sill."
"And, when he left the room,
"He only had to keep the support up...
"because the key slipped right into the palm of Moroguchi's hand."
To pick up the tape, all you had to do was press the button.
No way, man!
If you left the key on the window sill
before leaving the room,
"How could he have locked the door?"
Eh... I didn't realize!
Wait a minute...
The murderer, after committing the crime,
went out of the room and locked it.
Then, he came to the ventilation window...
and passed the tape through the key hole, of course!
"The tape is rigid, it can be used as if it were a cane."
"If I could stretch it to the bed...
"And attach its end to the corpse's ring..."
This he could have done from three feet away,
"But from so far away the tape would have bent."
"It wouldn't even have touched the bed
"Let alone the palm of the victim's hand."
Besides, to use a tape measure as you say,
the ring didn't have to be removed from the corpse.
Yes, maybe you're right, Sato.
Yes.
the killer has used something thin and long, like a thread.

But none of the 3 suspects has an object like the one you describe.
We have searched the area around the house
and so far we haven't found anything like it either.
You just won't find it.
From what you say, it must be a long, thin thread...
that slips around the ring,
so it can't be a rubber band.
Also, it must be an object similar to a tape measure,
that can be easily picked up without leaving a trace.
U... one moment!
Hey!
I think I've got it!
-It's... -(time) A cassette tape!
Of course it's a cassette tape!
The murderer has stretched the tape of a cassette,
"He passed it through the inside of the ring...
"And left the cassette on the window sill of the ventilation window."
(Takagi) "After poisoning Mr. Moroguchi,
"He left the room, closed the door...
"And passed the key through the cassette tape...
"that he had left in the window."
Then, that's when he lifted the cassette...
...and the key slid down the tape...
thanks to the force of gravity
and ended up in the palm of the corpse's hand.
He then rewound the cassette...
and the tape slipped through the key hole...
"And under the ring and back into the cassette."
In this way he set up the locked room trick.
But that could only have been done by someone
who usually carries cassette tapes,
so the police wouldn't have suspected him at all
if they had investigated it further.
Of these 3 people,
...it could only have been...
...Mr. Dejima, the editor.
He knocked on the door of Mr. Moroguchi's room...
...with the excuse that he had to put the finishing touches on the preparations...
"Because of the talk you were scheduled to record this morning."
"He took advantage of the fact that I was distracted by poisoning his coffee.
"He prepared the trick..."
of the closed room
by means of the ingenious maneuver that we have just explained.
We are not mistaken, are we?
In any case,
we'll know exactly when we examine your cassette.
I would like to tell you that my cassette is stuck,
but I think I've said this before.
This... recorder is on the fritz.
And this causes many pieces of the tape to be wrinkled.
Also, when I rewind the tape, it makes very strange squeaking noises...
that anyone in the house could have felt.
(squeaking noises)
And if I had wound the tape with my finger
without using the tape recorder,
a good part of the tape would have been ruined.
You can check it out and record it if you want me to,
but I assure you I don't have the tape you're looking for.
No.
The pencil!
"He took the pencil that Mr. Moroguchi left for him yesterday,
"He put it through the hole in the cassette and spun it around."
In this simple way he was able to retrieve the tape quickly without using the tape recorder
without using the tape recorder and without damaging the cassette.
I used to do this when I was young, too, with my cassette.
When the tape would get stuck and come out of the cassette,
I would stick a pencil in the hole...
"And I'd roll it up my skirt to rewind the tape."
Also, Inspector Sato doesn't want to examine her cassettes....
to check whether the tape is damaged or not.
No?
As we have said before,
there was dried blood on the middle finger of the left hand..,
where the victim was wearing the ring,
but for some unknown reason
the traces of blood were half wiped off.
The missing blood on the finger must be on one of her ribbons.
Specifically, on the ribbon he had used as a tightrope?
to prepare for the locked room trick.
Is it true, Dejima?
Don't tell me you haven't done it to avenge the Akiba!
Yes, the tightrope...
The Akiba also said it very often.
He used to say that working for Mr. Moroguchi
was like being on a tightrope.
Ah.
What did he mean?
The Akiba was a very quiet and peaceful guy,
but when he became Mr. Moroguchi's editor...
he started showing up with bumps and bruises.
"Do you want to know why?"
Mr. Moroguchi was using him as a guinea pig.
He wanted to check with a flesh-and-blood person
whether or not the murders he was inventing
could be carried out in reality or not.
Of course, he took all kinds of precautions...
so as not to endanger the Akiba's life.

What do you mean by that?
Are you suggesting that the Akiba's death in that locked room...
wasn't a suicide?
Yes.
I discovered it when I was picking up the papers
that the Akiba had in a drawer in his office.
He had a notebook in which he explained in great detail
a trick just like the one that ended his life!
Why didn't you give this notebook to the police right away?
It was useless, Miss.
If the old man had been questioned,
he would have said that the Akiba had acted of his own free will.
But the Akiba's death would be an accident!
No.
In another interview he was given,
Mr. Moroguchi said...
At my age,
I've finally come to understand what killers feel.
It is the greatest happiness
a crime novel author can experience.
It... was what finally convinced me.
The old man didn't use the poor Akiba
just to check if his tricks were credible,
but to understand the mentality of a murderer!
(Sato) And now, kid, will you please explain everything to me?
(Takagi) What do you mean?
Don't be clueless!
Earlier you said that you and I were on the wire.
-Explain it to me, that! Ah, that!
Well, actually I just wanted to say that...
The ring!
Inspector Takagi would like to know why you're wearing a ring...
if you've always said you didn't like shiny things.
What?
"I should have gone back by train with Kogoro."
Ah!
The ring... It's some kind of talisman.
A talisman? A talisman?
"Really?"
What do you mean, inspector?
It's a silver and turquoise ring.
My friend Yumi told me
that, if I put it on the ring finger of my left hand,
it would protect me from bumblebees getting near me,
and I thought I'd try it.
See?
Now I am well protected.
I can't, with insects!
Inspector Sato,
Yumi didn't mean this kind of bumblebees, but...
S... please..., Sato!
I would like you to wear my ring!
I said... ring finger of the left hand!
Yes.
As you wish.
(Takagi: thinks) "Ha-ha-ha! How embarrassing!"
"By now,
"I'm sure everyone will have noticed
"That Inspector Sato wears my ring
"On the ring finger of her left hand."
"Let's see who dares to laugh now..."
"But today I have to behave like a man."
"I have to show my face!"
Takagi!
We already know about the Sato's ring.
"The time has come!"
-At last...-...it turns out it was just a talisman!
What?
How the hell do they know?
-It's fantastic! -Which break, right?
It seems unbelievable that I didn't know what it means
to wear a ring on the ring finger of the left hand.
It makes her even more attractive!
"In fact, I still haven't explained to her what this ring means."
"It's the same!"
(Hums)
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo", Nakamura Yuri).
Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame
kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

