We are taking a decisive step towards a glorious future.
We are totally psyched!
Today's stage is a television studio.
Danger cannot hide its true face in this world of spectacular masks.
in this world of spectacular masks.
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

(Takagi) The victim is Mr. Tenji Urushibara, 47 years old,
the head of artistic production.
According to the coroner, he died at approximately 1:00 noon.
Cause of death: a hemorrhage caused by several stab wounds.
Mm!
Who is the person who found the body?
It was me!
The producer of the program where I work had scheduled
a meeting with Mr. Urushibara at 2:00 p.m. in this very reception room.
in this very reception room,
but he told me he'd be a little late, so I came to warn him.
So I called the police,
I called the police, had an ambulance come and I called immediately, Mr. Satan,
who was scheduled to perform in one of Mr. Urushibara's programs.
Mr. Satan? That's me.
What kind of character are you? It's a demon!
I'm Satan.
My name is... Satan Onizuka.
I'm the singer of the Sanzu no Three.
The Sanzu no Three?
This name doesn't ring a bell.
Jo, I do know them, Inspector.
I've heard of Satan Onizuka.
3 or 4 years ago I sang in a rock band with a peculiar aesthetic.
Wait a minute!
You said "sang", didn't you?
I'm not a relic of the past!
Do you know anyone who has reason to resent the production manager?
He had a special character that meant that anyone could have a reason to hate him.
could have reason to hate him;
I hated him myself.
I get it, I get it.
May I ask you a question?
Where were you and what were you doing at one o'clock noon, the approximate time of death?
At one o'clock I was in my dressing room, Inspector.
-Doing origami! -What are you doing here?
Mr. Demon said I was doing origami!
What do you mean?
Origami? He's got 5 paper cranes!
You can see he was killing time.
But listen, it's a secret, no one else can know!
If you don't, he'll put a death curse on me!
What do you mean?
A death curse, you?
I always tell all my fans.
Origami is a ridiculous hobby for a servant of Lucifer.
Ah!
I see what you mean.
You've been alone in your dressing room the whole time
until this scoundrel arrived?
Yes, I ate, I took a nap,
and then I entertained myself doing origami.
This means that you arrived at the television studios
well before the scheduled time for the recording of the program.
M-m.
Before 11 o'clock I was already in my dressing room.
I asked my manager to bring me lunch and ordered a couple of groceries.
and I ordered a couple of groceries.
Yes;
when I got back to the studio,
these kids were about to knock on the door.
and I asked them not to disturb him.
In Satan I didn't want him to wake up until two o'clock, the time of the performance.
understood;
if I'm not mistaken, he has no solid alibi...
that proves it wasn't the scene of the crime at one o'clock.
No, but there's no way I could have done it.
If I'd come out of the dressing room with my face made up,
everyone would have noticed me.
If you want, round up all the employees of the network and ask them
if anyone saw me hanging around the studios at the time of the crime.
Maybe so, but you might as well have taken off your makeup.
It's true, I could have left the dressing room without makeup,
and gone to the reception room and put her make-up back on again
once the murder had been committed.
-I'm afraid this is impossible. Why?
Of course it is!
Ten is a long time to apply makeup to your face.

No, in fact, with half an hour I have plenty of time.
The problem is that in your dressing room there is no mirror to do it.
No mirror? Really?
Some famous actors and actresses can't stand mirrors,
that's why the studios of this network have a couple of dressing rooms
without mirrors, and one of these is the one Mr. Satan uses.
I'm one of those who hates mirrors.
The bigger they are, the less I like them.
Want to take a look at my dressing room, just in case?
That's right, there are no mirrors on the dressing room walls.
No.
Eh?
Inspector!
Oh! This is a mirror!
Yes, but I bought it when I went out earlier to run errands,
and I gave it to you a moment ago,
when I went into Mr. Satan's dressing room with these children.
Can you tell me from which store you bought it?
I should check.
Yes, indeed.
We should search Mr. Satan, his dressing room...
and his personal belongings, I hope it won't do anything to him.
And now!
You can start now.
Inside this sports bag
there's a box full of makeup products.
I've already searched it.
You don't have a mirror on you.
Why does he need this dirty cap and jacket?
It says "Hell."
Yeah, it's the deliveryman's costume I've been wearing
for the entertainment show I was supposed to perform on this afternoon.
When I perform live, I always do a little show between songs.
Hello, I've come from hell!
I've come to deliver a little bit of unhappiness.
I don't know if you understand me, gentlemen.
Takagi, question the program workers, just in case.
By the way, I use this makeup box
in case I need to touch up during the performance.
I can always find a girl who will leave me a compact
and I can touch up my makeup in a jiffy.
Since I don't sweat much, I hardly ever have to touch up.
Anyway, I find that this lilac-colored lipstick...
lilac-colored lipstick rubs right off.
I say that because there are traces of it on the cigarette butts in your ashtray.
And it's the same color as the autograph...
that you signed to Mitsuhiko.
It's true!
How come?
He has uncapped the pen with his mouth to sign,
so that the cap got dirty with lipstick.
When she returned the pen to you, it smeared your hand.
As you carried the autograph in your hand the whole time,
you smeared the lipstick without realizing it.
You're right.
It's strange that there's no lilac lipstick on the chopsticks
the chopsticks or the bowls that Mr. Satan has ordered,
although they are useful in contact with the mouth.
How so? It's true, it's a bit strange.
Yes, before eating I have the habit...
of wiping my lips with a tissue.
I don't like to leave the bowls and chopsticks stained.
Besides, I can easily touch up my lips after eating without having to use a mirror.
without having to use a mirror.
This stuff you wear around your eyes is also lipstick?
It's lilac!
It's not lipstick, it's makeup from the same brand.
But I can't do this without a mirror.
If I could grope my eyes without a mirror, I'd be more of a demon than a demon,
I'd be more of a god than a demon!
You can say that again.
I can tell you like the color lilac.
Yes, it's been my favorite color since I started.
The brand I use is the only one that manufactures this color.
Since I don't have to perform live today,
because of the white of my face and the gray of my cheeks.
I use a water-soluble base that is very easy to a... Oh!
Not feeling well?
Mr. Satan has dry eyes because he wears contact lenses.
Ah.
Tea, put some drops in.
No, I'm fine.
-But your eyes are irritated! -I told you I'm fine!
It's not necessary, leave me alone.
Let's see, if you haven't found any mirror in the dressing room,
nor among my objects, nor among my clothes,
how do they want me to have made up my face?
-An accomplice. - Eh?
Once you have committed the crime,
you could have used a mirror to make yourself up
which you then secretly gave to one of the three delivery boys who came to bring you the food.
who came to bring you the food you had ordered.
Yes, this possibility is very plausible.
I would say no.
I just questioned the security guard, sir.
The only delivery people who came into the building
came from the restaurants where he ordered lunch,
and all three arrived around 12:00;
I checked to make sure.
All 3 delivery drivers delivered the order at 12 o'clock.

Mr. Satan has told them to come by and pick them up in the evening,
and that is why they have not come yet.
By the way, everyone confirmed that, when they came to bring the food,
Mr. Satan wore make-up on his face, he had a normal attitude.
If the deliverymen came to deliver the orders before the crime,
they could not have taken the mirror away later.
The only possibility is that Mr. Satan,
when he had been murdered after production,
got rid of the mirror and ran out of the dressing room.
I would say that this is impossible.
I have checked, inspector.
Mr. Satan didn't throw anything on the floor while he was running.
Oh, you guys.
By the way, also...
I found out that his manager bought this mirror from him around 12:00.
The store he went to is about an hour's drive from the TV studios.
So, he couldn't have given it to her before the crime.
Also, I've confirmed that the deliveryman's costume
is the one he was planning to wear on this afternoon's show.
On the set, they had prepared a box for him like the deliverymen's boxes.
Were you planning to disguise yourself as a deliveryman with your makeup on?
When I perform live, I always do it.
Even if I wear a cap, my makeup doesn't get ruined.
By the way, when did you put on your demon clothes and makeup?
You were already dressed like that when you arrived?
I did it at home.
I got dressed and made up at home.
I took the car, parked in the parking lot and came to the dressing room.
My manager took care of carrying my bag.
Where did you ever see a demon with a sports bag slung over his shoulder?
Of it... smoking while doing origami?
Yes.
I always smoke while doing crafts.
Why do you say that, kid? No, nothing in particular.
I was just curious.
"It's a lie. This man is lying."
What's he saying, Grandpa?
"He's already been talking to my voice again without telling me."
I suppose you must be joking, right?
Well, it's not funny at all.
It's true he couldn't have come out of the dressing room with his face made up,
but if she'd taken off her makeup
and put on the delivery boy's costume,
no one would have noticed you;
that's why you've placed three orders,
to 3 different restaurants.
You needed to have several deliverymen around in the hallway at the time of the crime to impersonate one of them.
at the time of the crime in order to pass yourself off as one of them
without arousing suspicion and to be able to commit the murder.
In addition, he had to wear a uniform similar to what deliverymen usually wear in order to pass as one of them.
deliverymen usually wear in order to go completely unnoticed.
So, you mean that he used the deliveryman's disguise
that he was carrying in his sports bag?
That's right, he wore the "deliveryman from Hell" uniform....
that he wanted to use the program.
He speaks as if he had seen everything that happened.
Indeed, I have seen everything, I saw a suspicious deliveryman
who was running down the aisle without a box of food.
It's true, the delivery men usually carry the food
in a box that they take with them once they have delivered the order.
But this is a television studio.
Any actor there could have disguised himself as a delivery boy.
At first, I thought that too.
But it seems to me that if it had been an actor,
he would have been wearing some kind of makeup.
The man in the hallway, on the other hand, was not wearing makeup.
Also, the back of that delivery man's neck,
which was visible under his cap, had an inverted "v" shape,
like Mr. Satan's.
This does not prove that the delivery man you saw in the hallway was me.
I must not be the only one who wears his hair cut this way.
Perhaps he was one of my admirers.
Besides, supposing I had disguised myself as a delivery boy,
and killed the principal,
how did I get my make-up back on without mirrors?
It is true that this dressing room has no mirror.
But you could have made one using a transparent surface.
A surface... Transparent?
If you mean the glass of the window, it is quite improbable.
If you get close to it, your face is obscured,
you can't see it well from such a small distance.
Besides, at the time of the murder there was light and nothing was reflected.
I have already understood!
The culprit did not use the window glass, but the ruler!
The ruler?
But how could he have done it with a ruler?
It's the same thing that happens with the window.
If you put a black sheet behind it, it looks like a mirror.

What?
With a sheet of paper you can make a mirror?
Let's see, do it ho.
Look.
In fact, light bounces off transparent objects,
as crystals or the piece of plastic, and always reflects the images.
But this does not reflect anything!
The light that arrives is intense, you do not see it well.
If you put a sheet of black paper behind it,
it intercepts the light and acts as a mirror.
Oh, it's true, it's my face!
It's true, it's my face!
It's true, how strong! -It's like a mirror!
That's why at night, the objects that are reflected...
the glass of a window are dark and can't be seen very well.
But the objects reflected by the ruler
are not the same color as the real ones.
-It is impossible to distinguish the colors.
Besides-Look, you use a silver paper.
Look, this way you can even distinguish the colors.
Yes, but the face is a little blurry.
The silver color has the property to reflect any object,
but because the paper is a bit wrinkled, the face is blurred.
But he didn't need to distinguish them, the colors.
He always uses the same makeup,
it was enough to put it in the right places.
He is right, he could have put on makeup anywhere.
If we make a summary of the facts, we could say that....
Mr. Satan removed the make-up from his face
after the 3 orders have been delivered to him,
went to the reception room disguised as a delivery man,
the director died, he went back to his dressing room in a hurry,
he put on his make-up again thanks to the mirror that he had made
and waited quietly for his manager to return.
In any case, if we admit this hypothesis,
the deliveryman's disguise should be stained with blood.
Unless he wore something over his clothes,
like a long raincoat with a hood.
Takagi, mobilize the investigators to look for him!
Yes!
Even if they find this raincoat, I don't care.
It doesn't prove that I committed the crime.
I didn't know you could make a mirror with a ruler and a sheet of black paper.
and a sheet of black paper.
I've been sitting quietly in the dressing room doing origami
while I waited for my manager to come back!
Ah.
So, you don't mind showing us how you make these paper cranes?
-What? -You can light up a cigarette.
You said before that you always smoke when you do crafts, didn't you?
What nonsense!
How can I do origami in this state?
Ayumi, could you show us how to make a paper crane?
Yes!
First you fold the paper into a triangle shape.
Then you make it like this, and like this.
-Oysters.
You really know, Ayumi! -Yes.
When my father was in the hospital, my mother and I used to make a lot of them.
-Come on, it's done! -You've done very well, Ayumi.
But you haven't neglected one little thing?
Ay.
It's true!
Now I understand everything!
In the end, the paper cranes have to blow to inflate their bodies.
If you had made them, they would have lilac-colored stains,
like the cigarette butts in the ashtray.
But the cranes don't have any stains.
What do you mean?
Didn't you make them today?
Mr. Agasa, how come you ask questions to yourself?
Oh, excuse me, I meant to say that it seems that Mr. Satan...
has forgotten how to make a paper crane, or maybe he doesn't know how.
Be that as it may, these cranes were already made.
They were just a pretext to be able to disguise the mirror trick.
Besides, he readily admitted to the police
that he had every reason to hate the director,
with the intention that they would suspect him and, in this way,
searched his dressing room to confirm that he had no mirror.
If he managed to stall the police for a few hours,
the delivery boys would come to take away the plates and cutlery from the food
and no one would ever think again.
In other words, he asked the delivery men to come and pick up the
to pick up the night to give us time to search your dressing room?
No!
Mr. Satan is not a murderer, no way!
Then let him prove it by taking off his makeup right now...
by showing us his real face.
Of course he will!
Take the makeup off your face, Satan!
Mm...
Sa-Sa, Satan!
I'm sorry, but now... I can't take off my makeup.
If I take off this demon mask,
everyone will be able to see the face of a man who has committed a gruesome murder.
It can't be, I don't believe it!

You may already know that, 3 years ago, I had to be hospitalized...
while I was on tour because I had a neck problem.
In the hospital, I kept receiving...
letters from a fan who often wrote to me...
and kept the paper cranes she sent me in a box.
She thought I was a real demon.
I really enjoyed reading her letters.
Until one day, suddenly, she stopped writing to me.
I thought he just got tired of it.
But last month, I went to have a drink with the director...
and I finally understood what had happened.
"What do you plan to cause many more sacrifices?" he asked me.
Sacrifices? That's right.
While I was in the hospital,
the director wrote a comment with my name
on the group's official website without telling me.
It said: "I need sacrifices to regain my magical powers.
Give me blood!" My God!
You mean the fan read this comment and...?
Yes.
I asked him what happened, and he laughed.
It turns out that the girl's last letter said:
"It is my pleasure to offer you my blood. Goodbye.
The director said that the concert I did after 15 days
had created so much expectation,
that it had even caused a death before I was discharged.
I went to investigate at the girl's house,
and they told me that she had committed suicide for unknown reasons.
And so you have avenged your admirer?
Yes, I have murdered him.
He was an individual capable of sacrificing lives in exchange for money.
Suddenly he decided to cancel the farewell concert...
and he wanted to make me pay a compensation
if I cancelled the contract before the deadline.
He was the devil personified!
I tried to save face,
but I've been in a depression for a couple of years.
I was so enraged that I just wanted it to end as soon as possible.
as soon as possible.
But my sister always says that the Sanzu no Three
will be resurrected someday, and that they will play live again,
with the same energy they always showed on stage.
Not anymore, my boy.
I used to tell my fans that I would put a curse on them
but I never asked them to die.
Only in Yaiba the Masked One is able to say such things.
But I've become as despicable as he is.
No, I haven't!
When that girl stopped writing me letters,
I began to have doubts;
that maybe I had failed her,
or that she didn't like me like she used to.
Just thinking about it made me want to cry.
I couldn't write letters and compose melodies.
I couldn't come up with anything... I was a failed demon.
Wow!
The demon's tears are red!
Because they're Principal Urushibara's blood splashes.
Blood?
The ruler trick reflects the images, but not the colors.
He didn't realize that he had blood around his eyes
and he made up with white foundation.
She saw the blood when she looked in the mirror that the manager brought her.
That's why she didn't want to put eye drops in her eyes.
The drops would have made the make-up drip off her eyes
and the blood would have been exposed.
Esclar.
Ens should accompany you.
The truth is that this looks like a fairy tale.
Eh? Yeah, man.
Haven't you ever heard it said, "When the devil cries, the magic evaporates"?
"How exciting, ladies and gentlemen!"
"Waka Inoue, Yoko Okino and Azusa Yamamoto...
"They're tied with 9 correct answers each!"
-Come on! -There's only one question left.
The contestant who gets the correct answer right,
will win the grand prize!
Is this the program they were recording when you went to visit Nichiuri TV studios?
Nichiuri TV Studios?
Mm, but when the case was solved I don't know who won.
How can you not?
Yoko will get the last question right and win!
Miss Inoue, are you ready?
-Oh so much!
Oi! -Miss Okino?
I would like to ask my fans to cheer me up a little bit!
Cheer up!
You have my full support!
-Miss Yamamoto? -I'll do my best!
Well come on, let's move on to the tenth question!
Conan Doyle is the creator of Sherlock Holmes,
Seishi Yokomizo is the creator of Kosuke Kindaichi.
Which character did Ranpo Edogawa create?
-Ah! -Hail!

-Miss Okino! -Ah...
Aah!
Akechi... I don't remember the name!
"What a pity! Miss Okino, you're eliminated!"
"Waka Inoue and Azusa Yamamoto have won!"
- "Let's hear it! Congratulations!" - "Congratulations!"
"It's normal that I don't even want to pronounce that name."
I got it!
Kogoro!
What a disappointment.
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo", Nakamura Yuri)
Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame
kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

