(Female) On the day of the incident, on her way home from work, she entered a tavern called Espa, located on Suehiro Street,
she entered a tavern called Espa, located on Suehiro Street.
She drank a beer and a glass of sake
and left the tavern around eight o'clock in the evening.
-That's right, I suppose, isn't it? -Yes.
At 11 o'clock he ran over the victim on a street in the Toriya district as he was returning home.
in the Toriya neighborhood as he was driving home.
Where was he and what was he doing from 8 to 11?
I was a bit drunk, I waited before returning home.
I sat in the car and fell asleep.
-Is there anyone who can confirm this? -No.
Why did you run away after you hit the victim,
instead of getting out and calling for help?
Because I was very confused.
I ran away without thinking.
Are you sure you don't want to explain anything else?
You have been detained in jail for exactly 10 days today.
The prosecutor has come to interrogate you every day, what did she ask you?
Prosecutor Kujo, who is in charge of the case, is a brilliant lawyer.
I find it hard to believe that she is holding you for so many days for no reason.
Think that I am here to help you.
You have to explain everything to me, even if you think it might hurt you.
Mrs. Kisaki.
Have you come to see the suspect?
Yes, I am.
Good to see you, Prosecutor Kujo.
-I wanted to talk to you. -Go ahead.
My client has been in custody for several days.
I'd like to ask you to release him.
He voluntarily surrendered to the police
and confessed that he was the perpetrator.
After that, does he have any reason to justify his incarceration?
Look, Mrs. Kisaki, it seems to me that it is up to me...
to decide when a suspect can and cannot be released.
In this case, I will ask you to disclose to me...
the reasons for my client's detention.
Do as you see fit.
Excuse me, I have to go.
What is your objective, Prosecutor Kujo?
I just want to find out the truth.
This is not like you, Prosecutor Kujo.
We will meet again in court.
We take a determined step towards a glorious future.
We are fully prepared!
Two female lawyers who cannot hide their rivalry,
lawyer Kisaki and a very competent prosecutor face each other in court!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

(Piano)

(Telephone: rings)

- (Intercom: rings) -What's up?
"Lawyer Kisaki has just arrived."
Send her in.
-Endavant. -Thank you.
Prosecutor Kujo.
Shall we go for a walk?
Uh... Yes, I need to freshen up.
Thanks for joining me the other day.
Are you here to talk about the Takeuchi case?
Yes.
I heard you withdrew the lawsuit when the suspect died.
I apologize for the inconvenience I caused you,
Attorney Kisaki.
By the way, I also heard...
that you have informally resigned.
Is this true?
I hope you haven't considered leaving the prosecutor's office.
At my insistence, I provoked the suicide
of a suspect who had already confessed to his crime.
This goes beyond any conviction.
What will happen with the hit-and-run case?
My deputy is trying to gather evidence to prove
that Mrs. Takeuchi committed the crime.
And what will happen to you?
As long as the facts are properly clarified and justice is done,
it makes absolutely no difference what happens to me.
Even if I overlooked a murder case?
What?
-Murdered? -Yes.
We suspect that someone murdered Mr. Takeuchi
and made it look like a suicide.
This doesn't make sense!
I saw him jump with my own eyes!
Think back.
What exactly did you see?
"Mr. Takeuchi! What are you doing?"
"Ah!"
Where was your wife?
I don't remember.

All he could think about was saving Mr. Takeuchi.
He was not looking after his wife.
Ah!
You mean...?
M-m.
Mrs. Takeuchi had a motive to kill her husband.
So, everything I saw that day was planned?
If I could get her husband to jump to the prosecutor,
the investigations would become a formality.
No one would even think of launching an investigation
that would call into question the statements of a public prosecutor.
She is right.
It is unbelievable!
I had not considered this possibility.
What will she do?
If you resign now, she will get away with it.
-Will she be allowed? -Mrs. Kisaki... -Mrs. Kisaki...
You'll have to excuse me, but I have to leave.
I still have a lot of work to do.
Sasaki, it's me.
I want you to urgently retrieve all the Takeuchi case material.
Yes.
Get in touch with the police and ask me to make
an appointment with the relevant inspector.
On the day of the incident, the defendant Mariko Takeuchi
was driving her car at 11 o'clock at night.
She ran a traffic light at the intersection of Toriya
and rammed the victim's bicycle,
Mr. Yasuyuki Matsukawa, who was crossing the street.
She then fled and omitted the duty to render aid.
She then convinced her husband, Hiroaki Takeuchi,
to turn himself in instead of her in order to escape conviction.
First he commits suicide, and now the wife is charged with a traffic offense.
It is a desperate attempt by the prosecutor
to preserve her dignity in the face of the press attacks.
Hey, Conan, if it was the lady who was guilty of the hit-and-run,
why did the mother agree to defend her?
I'm sure your mother has some head in the door.
"Let's see how this will end."
The accused lady admits the charges against her?
I am innocent, your honor!
My husband had already confessed.
But she put so much pressure on him that he committed suicide!
Silence!
If the defendant has an objection, we must wait for her turn to testify.
We now turn to the evidence.
Madam Prosecutor.
Yes, your honor.
I present as evidence the results of the analysis of the car,
the report on the fingerprints found on the steering wheel,
the glass fragments collected at the scene of the accident,
the paint residue and the results of the analyses
of the paint stains from the crashed bicycle.
The party ended at around 10 p.m,
and the president returned home driving her own vehicle.
Thank you, sir.
I have no further questions, your honor.
Understood.
The defense may cross-examine the witness.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Mr. Tanishima, I'll just ask you one question.
Did you see the defendant drive her car home, you?
No, because I was talking to one of our clients.
Just answer me whether you saw her or not.
Understood.
I did not see her.
I'm done.
That's the way I like it, to show that I'm paying you well.
Your Honor, the defense would like to call a special witness.
Madam Prosecutor,
the defense has made the request before today's session.
-Do you have any objection? -Proceeding.
In this case, at the request of the defense,
the court summons Mr. Kogoro Mouri as a special witness.
(Public: whisper)
It suits us, this witness? -Yes, nothing happens.
The father too?
"Now we will check Kogoro's skills."
Mr. Mouri, I understand that you...
knew Mr. Hiroaki Takeuchi personally.
Yes, we met from time to time...
...at the tavern we both frequented.
Then surely you can tell me if Mr. Takeuchi...
used to take the car after he'd been drinking.
No.
As far as I know, he never did that.
That's why, when I heard that he had taken the car..,
drunk and all, and had caused an accident,
my little gray cells started to spiral.
(laughs)
So, I started to investigate
and I suspected that Mr. Takeuchi must have turned himself in to the authorities
to the authorities to cover up for his wife.
How did you come to this conclusion?
It's a long story, but the most important thing?
is the motive that prompted him to cover up for his wife.
It was explained to me that the Takeuchis were not a well-married couple,
and I thought he had a powerful motive
for a wife he no longer loved.

-What do you think it was there? -It was freedom.
-What?
Freedom? -Yes.
That's right.
When Mr. Takeuchi married his boss's daughter,
the situation was already awkward enough,
but when his father-in-law died and Mrs. Takeuchi
inherited the company and became its president,
he had to see her 24 hours a day, at home and at work,
and he felt trapped and imprisoned and...
I mean that... well, that's it.
He decided to cover up for his wife
in exchange for a divorce and freedom.
Counselor, could you come here for a moment, please?
You too, prosecutor.
Counselor, I don't quite understand what you're trying to prove...
by presenting the version of this witness.
At the moment, Mr. Mouri's statements...
are absolutely prejudicial to his client's defense.
Your Honor, I would like to make clear the disagreements between the couple..,
which are the background of this case.
And what do you think, the prosecution?
That this is evidence that proves murder, your honor.
What murder?
It seems to me that we should discuss at length
about this whole matter in private.
The court will recess for half an hour.
Court is temporarily adjourned.
Will you ladies join us?
Conan, where are you going? I'm going to the bathroom!
"Please explain to me what's going on here."
I would imagine that both the defense and the prosecution are aware
that this court is trying a hit-and-run case.
Yes, of course.
But this case is directly related
to the alleged suicide of Mr. Hiroaki Takeuchi.
I think that clarifying the circumstances of the suicide of Mr. Takeuchi
will help us to judge the present case.
Okay, ladies, if the prosecutor has nothing against it,
the court will allow Mr. Mouri to continue testifying.
But... if some other fact occurs
that causes the confusion of this court,
we will suspend the trial immediately.
Do you understand me?
Especially you, prosecutor.
I understand that there are personal reasons linking you to the case.
"I have understood."
"In Kogoro you will no longer be able to intervene."
(Public: whispers)
Silence!
We resume the trial.
Where did he get to Conan?
The witness may continue to testify.
(Audience: whispers) Go ahead.
I continue.
Ah!
We'd better get down to business.
As I was saying, Prosecutor Kujo was...
who took over Mr. Takeuchi's case when Mr. Takeuchi
turned himself in to the authorities to cover up for his wife.
When the prosecutor pressured him to tell her the truth
about the illegal construction case
case that went unsolved five years ago, I am sure that Mr. Takeuchi
Mr. Takeuchi had an idea.
Can you explain this idea to us?
He came up with the idea of blackmailing his wife to get money from her,
in exchange for not revealing what he knew to the prosecutor.
In other words, he not only wanted a divorce,
he also realized he had a great opportunity to get rich.
"One hundred million yen? But what have you gone crazy?"
"The deal was 30 million yen in exchange for the divorce!"
"The days I've spent in jail have driven up the price."
"I'm not giving you 100 million yen!"
"All right, suit yourself."
"If you don't give it to me, I'll tell the prosecutor the whole truth."
"How would you like to live in jail for a while?"
"It's tempting, isn't it?"
Then, Mrs. Takeuchi began to consider...
the idea of making her husband disappear.
Wait a minute!
What do you mean by this?
Accused!
Silence, please.
Witness, are you insinuating that the defendant had something to do...
...with the suicide of her husband, Mr. Hiroaki Takeuchi?
-Effectively. Your Honor!
This statement is related to the facts
and may help to clarify the truth.
What are you doing?
I remind you that you are my attorney!
What does the prosecution think?
The prosecution agrees with the defense,
we want the truth to come out.
The witness can continue to testify.
No way!
Why do I have to put up with that...?
Defendant!
We'll have to wait until it's your turn to testify.
You go ahead.
That day, Mr. Takeuchi called Prosecutor Kujo...
and said he was willing to reveal the truth
if I went to see him at his home.

Evidently, he was only bluffing, because his wife?
would give him the money he had demanded.
"It seems to me that there's quite a bit of money missing, Mariko."
"How do you want me to walk around with 100 million yen in my pocket?"
"I can't give you all at once."
- "Then sign an IOU." - "What do you think!"
"Prosecutor Kujo will be here in two hours, queen."
"I don't know what I'll tell her first."
"Maybe I'll start with the accident you caused."
"Then I'll tell her about the illegal construction fraud, five years ago."
So, Mrs. Takeuchi decided to carry out her plan.
But Mr. Mouri, the witness saw Mr. Takeuchi...
jump from the balcony of his house.
When Mr. Takeuchi jumped from the balcony..,
he was wearing his jacket;
he was also dressed in jeans.
This was the key to the mystery.
After her husband died, the woman dressed the corpse in a blazer and then put a jacket on it.
with a blazer and then put a coat hanger on his back.
She then dragged the body out onto the balcony,
tied the end of a rope to the coat hanger,
put her through one of the clothesline hooks on the ceiling
and brought it in through the bedroom window.
If he pulled the rope taut from the bedroom while the corpse would be hanging from the ceiling,
the corpse would be hanging from the ceiling
and it would look like it was moving of its own free will.
This is a lie!
This is nonsense!
Defendant!
Although it is not your turn.
Witness, it is true that with this mechanism...
I would have been able to make the corpse stand up straight,
but I couldn't have made it jump off the balcony.
Correct, sir.
It is evident that to make it jump it was not enough holding it
from above, he also needed to push the body forward.
To push the body over the railing,
he used the antenna on the façade as a fulcrum.
and tied the end of the rope to her husband's chest.
She then left the will she had previously prepared in the dining room and waited for him to arrive.
previously and waited for Prosecutor Kujo to arrive.
"Just a moment!"
Mrs. Takeuchi pretended to be coming from the street
and entered her house with the prosecutor herself.
"Beloved! What are you? Hello!"
"My God! What are you doing here?"
"Come in at once!"
"Mr. Takeuchi! What are you doing?"
Deceived by the darkness outside
and dismayed by the events she had just witnessed,
Prosecutor Kujo did not realize that the movements were unnatural,
nor did she notice that his wife was acting suspiciously.
Enough of this nonsense!
You have no evidence to prove it!
You had planned for the rope to be easily untied,
but it got stuck, that's why the antenna on the balcony...
of your house is the only one in the whole building that looks down.
You have no way of knowing when the antenna got twisted!
It could have been earlier.
I found a bent hanger in the bedroom closet.
It was twisted and I was about to throw it away!
I also found traces of blood and hair
on the brick underneath the air conditioner.
No way!
I'm sure I got rid of the...!
-Oh! - (audience: whispering)
He swapped it for one of the bricks in the flowerbed underneath, didn't he?
Exactly, we've seized the brick he used for the murder...
and it's currently being analyzed.
It can't be.
They've all united against me!
Quiet! Quiet! -But...
Please be quiet, defendant!
With this statement the court closes today's session
and retires to deliberate in order to reach a verdict.
As for the case of homicide exposed by the witness,
the prosecution will file an application for trial.
Good afternoon.
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo", Nakamura Yuri)

Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame
kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

Come in, Prosecutor Kujo.
I wanted to thank you for everything.
In the end, I was given a salary reduction for half a year,

and a one-month temporary suspension.
Wow!
How strict.
I got a good scolding too.
In fact, it will be good for me to take this month to rest a bit.
I've needed a vacation for too long.
So, enjoy your well-deserved rest...
and get everything that happened out of your head.
I will. Escort, Prosecutor Kujo.
You're going on a trip?
I say that because you're carrying a suitcase.
Yes, I'm going to Tottori now.
It's been two years since my old boss died,
I thought I'd make an offering at his grave.
That's nice.
I wish you a good trip.
Thank you.
I'll be on my way.
I'm sure we'll meet again in court.
And I won't let myself win!
Same to you.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
How nice, Mother!
Prosecutor Kujo is back to her old self.
Yes.
"The queen of the prosecutor's office...
"is back."

