(Female) On the day of the incident, on her way home from work, she entered a tavern called Espa on Suehiro Street,
she entered a tavern called Espa located on Suehiro Street.
She drank a beer and a glass of sake
and left the tavern around 8 o'clock.
-He said, "That's right, I guess, isn't it? -Yes.
Then, at just after 11 o'clock, he ran over the victim...
on a street in the Toriya neighborhood as he was driving home.
Where were you and what were you doing from 8 to 11?
As I was a bit drunk, I was going to wait before returning home.
I sat in the car and fell asleep.
Is there anyone who can confirm this information?
No.
Why did you run away after you hit the victim,
instead of getting out of the car and calling for help?
Because I was very confused.
I ran away without thinking.
Are you sure you don't want to explain anything else to me?
Today you have been detained in this prison for exactly 10 days.
The prosecutor has come to interrogate you every day, what did she ask you?
Prosecutor Kujo, who is in charge of the case, is a brilliant lawyer.
I find it hard to believe that she is holding you for so many days for no reason.
Think that I am here to help you.
You have to explain everything to me, even if you think it might hurt you.
Mrs. Kisaki.
Have you come to see the suspect?
Yes, I am.
Good to see you, Prosecutor Kujo.
I wanted to talk to you.
Please come in.
My client has been in custody for days.
I'd like to ask you to release him.
He voluntarily surrendered to the police
and confessed that he was the perpetrator.
After that, does he have any reason to justify incarceration?
Look, Mrs. Kisaki, it seems to me that it is up to me...
to decide when a suspect can and cannot be released.
In this case, I will request that you disclose to me the grounds
for my client's detention.
Do as you see fit.
Excuse me, I have to go.
What is your objective, Prosecutor Kujo?
I just want to find out the truth.
This is not like you, Prosecutor Kujo.
We will meet again in court.
We take a determined step towards a glorious future.
We are fully prepared!
Two female lawyers who cannot hide their rivalry,
lawyer Kisaki and a very competent prosecutor face each other in court!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and is... Detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

CONFRONTATION IN COURT 3. A PROSECUTOR AS A WITNESS.
It's unbelievable!
Why the hell do I always have to do the dirty work?
What are you talking about?
If it's a job you entrust to the mother!
I called you so that the owner of the bar
asked me if I knew a good lawyer, and that's enough.
She didn't tell you that the one in charge of the case was prosecutor Kujo.
The culprit turned himself in and confessed to his crime.
Taking into account the mitigating circumstances,
the trial should be resolved in a jiffy.
and the sentence should be almost symbolic whoever the prosecutor is.
"In Kogoro is right, it doesn't seem like a very complicated case."
"Who knows what a in head door, Prosecutor Kujo."
Thank you for coming all this way, Mr. Mouri.
This is the car that caused the accident.
I understand that the victim was riding a bicycle.
Yes, according to witnesses, the car ran a traffic light at a crossroads
at an intersection and rammed the bicycle, which was crossing.
The impact marks indicate that the defendant was traveling at a speed of about 60 kilometers per hour.
at a speed of about 60 kilometers per hour.
Wow!
Hey, kid!
Don't touch the evidence without permission!
Kogoro, who knows what approximate height Mr. Takeuchi is, Mr. Takeuchi?
What height?
If I'm not mistaken, he must be a little taller than me.
Could someone else have caught him after the accident?
You look like a donkey!
How do you expect someone to drive a dented and battered car like this?
Look at the seat.

Can't see it?
The driver's seat is quite advanced.
There's not enough room for a man of your height, Kogoro.
That's true.
Maybe someone my height would fit.
Do you know if a female inspector drove the vehicle when it was searched?
No way!
No inspector can drive a vehicle seized as evidence.
We went to the suspect's house
and we towed it away with an official tow truck.
Maybe someone moved the seat forward...
when they searched the inside of the car.
No.
When they frisked him, they did not change the position of the seats.
Prosecutor Kujo was very insistent on this,
I'm sure no one moved anything.
-The prosecutor? -Yes.
You can't imagine how insistent she was.
When the bicycle was crossing the road at the pedestrian crossing,
the car jumped on it.
And you, where were you at the time of the accident?
I was standing at the traffic light at the corner.
Right there.
Oh, my God!
The car slammed on the brakes and stopped,
I figured the driver would call for help, but he ran away.
-Did you see the driver's face? -No, it was too dark.
Besides, he never got out of the car.
Entesos.
Senyor cab driver.
Were you able to see if the person who was driving the car
was rather short in stature?
-Why do you want to know? -It is quite important.
I can imagine, the prosecutor asked me that too.
I said that, as he didn't get out of the car,
I didn't know if he was tall, or if he was a woman.
Wait a minute!
What do you mean you don't know if it was a woman?
-Who confessed he was a man! -Yes, I know it was!
I read it in the newspapers, that's why I thought it was a strange question.
And what did you answer him? The same thing I told you.
That I can't know, I didn't see his face.
Esclar.
Escolti.
Is there anything else that caught your attention?
Let me think... Any details that caught my attention?
I got it: as I was running away,
I thought I saw you were wearing something shiny here.
-A pair of glasses, perhaps? -No.
It was much shinier.
Earrings, maybe?
- (at once) Hello! Hello, Ran.
Hello, Conan.
Today, the only thing we can do is to wait...
for the prosecutor to make her move.
Thank you for the effort you're making, Attorney Kisaki,
I'll certainly make it up to you.
Your husband must be very distressed,
I advise you to go and see him when you have a moment.
You know I am a very busy woman.
I have to go now.
You say the driver of the car in the accident could be a woman?
It appears that Prosecutor Kujo asked this question of the cab driver.
If this were true, my client would be lying.
He could be covering up for someone else.
Hit-and-run is a serious crime.
Who could he be covering up for?
Wait a minute!
His wife? The woman's not very tall.
The seat was tailored to her.
Maybe the prosecutor doesn't want to let the suspect go free
because she thinks he's covering for his wife.
Miss Kuriyama.
The suspect's wife said she was very busy.
Do you know what she does for a living?
Her father quit his job last year because of a stroke,
and now she's the president of the company where her husband works.
She sounds like an important person.
Yes, she is.
But that's not enough reason to cover for her,
especially if she has committed a crime, of course.
-Kuriyama: Yes?
Call the detective company and ask them to send someone urgently.
We must resume investigations.
Understood.
"I'm beginning to think that this case has nothing to do
"with a simple hit-and-run crime."

Prosecutor Kujo.
What can we talk about?
Give me ten minutes.
I still have two kilometers to go.
Okay, I'll wait for you at the coffee shop downstairs.
Understood.
Sorry to bother you at lunchtime, Miss Prosecutor.
And now, no!
Yes.
What did you want to talk to me about?
Understood.
We'd better get down to business right away.
I want you to release my client immediately.
You know for a fact that the culprit is not him, but his wife.
Can you tell me what's at the front door?
Why are you holding him if you don't intend to charge him with anything?
What is your real objective in this case?
Understood.
I'll let your client go free, if you like.

-What? -I have a lot of work to do, I have to go.
Wait, Prosecutor Kujo!
Prosecutor Kujo!
(Cars: horns)
What? Have they released her?
Yes, just a moment ago.
Now he's talking to Mrs. Kisaki.
So far we've managed to get him released,
but it's not over yet.
If you need my help, you must be honest with me
and explain to me what really happened.
I told you that I have already told you the whole truth, Attorney Kisaki.
Will you excuse me?
I haven't had sake in days, and I'm in the mood for a drink.
Mr. Takeuchi.
That's why your wife turned herself in, isn't it?
-It was stupid. No, it was me driving the car.
Don't lie to me!
Do you have any way to prove it?
The prosecutor is investigating this possibility.
If she had found evidence, she would have already re-arrested me.
Do you really think that the lack of evidence will stop someone like prosecutor Kujo?
Don't worry, I know her perfectly well, Prosecutor Kujo.
-What do you mean by that? -Thank you for everything, I'll see you later.
Wait, wait! Oops!
Oops.
Gotcha, man.
It's so ugly to listen behind doors.
See you again!
"This man already knew the prosecutor Kujo."
(Phone: ringing)
Yes?
"Suspect Takeuchi says he wants to talk to you. What do I do?"
-Wait a minute, I get .-"It's line 3."
Hello?
I am the prosecutor Kujo.
"It's here, I've found it!"
What are you looking for, now, Conan?
Mr. Takeuchi's company is a construction company that was involved in a series of irregularities.
involved in a series of irregularities 5 years ago.
I don't remember much about that one.
That case was on the verge of becoming a scandal
that would have affected several politicians, but the director...
of the subsidiary committed suicide and the case was solved.
It is seen that for this reason they demoted the prosecutor in charge.
Why does it interest you?
Maybe it has nothing to do with the hit-and-run case,
but it turns out that we've learned
that Mr. Takeuchi and Prosecutor Kujo are old acquaintances.
That Mr. Takeuchi and Prosecutor Kujo knew each other before the case?
M-m, I felt that you were telling Attorney Kisaki...
that he knew Prosecutor Kujo perfectly well.
I don't remember that Prosecutor Kujo had already arrested her before.
Hey, Kogoro.
The media often talk about cases like this.
Isn't it true that the investigation department is in charge?
Now I get it!
If Prosecutor Kujo worked in the investigation department,
and Mr. Takeuchi was involved in the construction scandal,
there might be something else behind all this.
(Phone: ringing)
Yes?
Detective Mouri's office.
Hello, Kuriyama!
Yes, it's here.
Hey, Father, it's Kuriyama.
He says it's urgent.
Yes.
What's up?
What are you saying?
That Takeuchi has died?
When was it?
What happened?
What did he die of?
Hey, look.
Detective Mouri.
-Hello. -Hello.
What's happened?
Is it true that Mr. Takeuchi died?
Yes.
He jumped from the fifth floor balcony of the building where he lived.
It looks like he died on the spot, poor thing.
He jumped from the balcony?
Did he commit suicide?
-It looks like it. What nonsense!
-But she had just been released! -Yes, I know that.
You don't need to remind me!
I don't know what to think!
Is there any chance it was an accident?
I don't think so.
They found his will.
Besides, there is an eyewitness to the fact.
An eyewitness?
Wow!
But if it's...
I'll accompany you.
You didn't come by car, did you?
That's not necessary.
I'll take a cab.
Prosecutor Kujo.
If you need anything...
Hey, you!
What are you doing here?
Foti the field!
Get out of my house!
My husband is dead because of you, murderer!
-Mrs. Mariko, calm down. -Excuse me, prosecutor Kujo.
-I should leave. I just wanted to offer my condolences.
Prosecutor Kujo.
That's enough for today.
I'll come back another day.
I'll come back another day.
We'll see you home.
I have to talk to you.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Maybe it's not a good time, but can I ask you a couple of questions?
Yes, of course, as long as you can answer them.
To begin with, I'd like to know...
why you were at Mr. Takeuchi's house when he committed suicide.

The other day I received a call from Mr. Takeuchi.
He asked me to come to his house so he could tell me the truth.
What truth did he mean?
About his wife, perhaps?
-Or about what happened five years ago? -Oh!
How did you know, you?
You worked in the special investigation department, didn't you?
Yes, it all started with some irregularities detected...
in Takeuchi's company's constructions.
But in the end, the case threatened to turn into a big scandal
involving politicians, and we were asked for help.
The case was closed when the head of the company's subsidiary
the director of the construction company's subsidiary committed suicide,
who held the key to the problem.
Yes.
Mr. Takeuchi was one of the subsidiary manager's employees.
"Sure. They were related."
His testimony would have helped us to clarify the criminal acts,
but he suddenly changed his statement
and we had to close the case without being able to charge anyone.
In Takeuchi, he married the daughter of the president of the construction company and was appointed director.
and he was appointed director.
And now, 5 years after the whole thing,
Takeuchi has been found again as a hit-and-run suspect.
I immediately suspected that he was just
covering up for his wife in a serious matter.
But I didn't want to let this new opportunity to catch him slip away!
That's why he kept him in custody for so many days.
I am very sorry for that.
But if you called him expressly willing to explain to him the truth, why did he throw himself off the balcony?
why did he jump off the balcony when you arrived?
It's just that I can't explain it either.
It's very strange, all of it.
Can you explain to me exactly what happened
when you jumped from the balcony of your apartment?
That day I got home at 8 o'clock, just as we had arranged.
Just a moment!
Thanks, I'm in a hurry.
But it's the prosecutor!
Have you come to see my husband?
Yes, I did.
You also at home, ma'am?
In fact, I've come in a hurry
because I received a very strange message from my husband.
A strange message, you say?
"I thank you very much for everything you've done for me.
Try to forget me and be very happy."
He's right.
It's all rather suspicious.
Beloved!
What are you?
Hello!
Oh, my God!
What are you doing here?
Come in at once!
-Prosecutor Kujo, you must help me! -I'm coming!
My husband is the balcony!
Mr. Takeuchi!
What are you doing?
Mr. Takeuchi!
My God!
Beloved!
"How strange."
"Why did the prosecutor who was investigating her warn you
"And jumped off the balcony?"
"Something doesn't fit."
What a surprise!
I still find it hard to believe that Mr. Takeuchi committed suicide.
He jumped from the balcony of his house
right under the noses of his wife and the prosecutor.
-It was a clear suicide. But....
Mr. Takeuchi came the night before he died and drank sake.
-And he looked very happy. Was he happy?
Yes, he said that, now that he'd won his freedom,
maybe he'd take a long trip abroad.
It's true that he had been released,
but he still had to stand trial.
I also reminded him of this, but he answered me...
that he was not worried about the trial, that he wanted to...
divorce his wife and start all over again.
What nonsense!
He gave himself up to cover up for his wife, even though he loved her.
Yes, but it seems that the two of them had already decided to separate.
How could this be?
"This doesn't make sense."
"Why was he wearing those clothes, Mr. Takeuchi?"
"And where do these marks come from?"
You four-eyes!
I've caught you going through my drawers again without permission.
No, sir, I was thinking about the clothes Mr. Takeuchi was wearing
when he committed suicide.
What? You see?
Whoever plans to commit suicide doesn't dress in a blazer
as if he was about to go out on the street.
Maybe he put on the blazer to embark on
his journey to the realm of the dead.
But he was also wearing jeans.
People, before they commit suicide, must be a little confused.
The pants have very strange markings
between the waistband and the knees,
as if someone had rubbed something we don't know what it is.
What do you think it might be?
Kogoro, what do you think? Ehm...

I'd say there's something strange about Mr. Takeuchi's suicide.
What do you know!
Don't meddle in old people's business!
But you asked for the death certificate
because you suspected something, too, about this suicide, didn't you?
You shut up! Father!
Where are you going?
To play.
Wait, father!
You can not leave the investigation half done!
(Cars: horns)
You don't see any bricks, here.
What are you doing here?
The death certificate said that the dead man
had a contusion on the back of the head caused by a brick.
Please take a good look!
At the level of the head, next to the body,
there is a flowerbed built with bricks.
But if he had hit the flowerbed, the trees would have fallen.
Also, there would be some cracked bricks.
A body falling from a fifth floor....
"What is that?"
The lady said she didn't want to live in the apartment where her husband had died
and decided to go back to her parents' house.
-Now this apartment is for sale. Wait, Conan!
Mr. Mouri, when you have finished, leave the key to the concierge.
Understood.
"I knew it was here!"
"Why are you looking down, this antenna?"
This is the balcony of the house?
Then, he jumped from here.
"Where will be the brick?"
"It's ground. Of course it is!"
"He changed... for one of the bricks in the flowerbed!"
"But how did he get it to jump right in front of Prosecutor Kujo?"
What are you looking at?
"The metal hooks on the clotheslines are crooked."
"I'm coming down!"
"Where is he? Where could he be? Maybe he's already gotten off!
"Shit!"
"It's here!"
"Now I know why the corpse was wearing the jacket and why
"He had those strange scratches on the skirt of his pants."
"I also know why the antenna's facing downwards.
"And the clotheslines, crooked."
"It's been a murder."
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo," Nakamura Yuri)

Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame
kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

