We are taking a decisive step towards a glorious future.
We are totally psyched!
In Heiji and Shinichi, the teenage detectives,
will face off in a battle of deductions at a ski resort!
Who will solve the mystery?
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

What?
That the actor Minowa has been murdered?
Are you serious, Heiji?
Xt!
Don't shout so loud, mother!
It's not official yet!
But how could it happen?
I don't know, I haven't found out yet.
It's suspected to be a suicide.
The same thing that happened 4 years ago.
Why are you sure it wasn't suicide?
I want to check with the video you took while skiing.
Oh.
You see anything, Heiji?
I knew it!
This proves it was murder.
How come everyone wants to see this video?
Everyone wants to see it?
More people came to me earlier asking me to let them take a look.
Was it a student my age, mother?
Yes.
One of them was a boy.
-One of them?
Who else came? -The other one was a very handsome gentleman.
He had a mustache and he came before the young boy.
A gentleman with a mustache, you said?
The other legend of the snow woman
is the clue to solve this strange case?
First listen to the story, you'll ask me the questions later.
"A long time ago, on a stormy night,
"There was a man named Mokichi
"who was walking home through the mountains."
"Halfway there, he met a very pretty woman...
"who had long hair and wore a silver kimono."
"The stranger raised her head, looked at him and said..:
I have sprained my ankle coming down from the mountain
and I cannot continue walking.
Please, I beg you to do me the favor of accompanying me in my house.
"When in Mokichi asked her where she lived, the woman....
"She silently pointed to a dark forest, where there was no path."
"But the deeper they went into the forest..,
"the harder it snowed, and no house appeared."
"At last, the man asked her:
'Are you sure, that we are not lost, girl?
"She nodded her head, without a word of complaint,
"waiting for the moment when the man would leave her stranded."
"In reality, the stranger was the snow woman,
"a diabolical being who absorbed the strength of humans...
"and devoured their souls."
"At the end, the man began to walk more slowly...
"And opened his mouth to say something."
I'm sorry.
"As if he had been waiting for that moment,
"she answered him with a smile."
Say.
What's wrong?
And in Mokichi, almost breathless, he asked her all puffing:
'Aren't you cold?
The snow woman did not expect that question,
that left her stupefied and dumbfounded.
In Mokichi, exhausted and freezing to death,
made a great effort and continued walking
while saying things like, "Is the basket comfortable enough?",
"Are you hungry?",
"Have a little more patience, it won't be long now".
The woman just said yes,
but her voice grew weaker and weaker,
until, at last, it died away completely.
Worried, Mokichi stopped, put the basket down on the floor...
and realized that the woman had disappeared.
Inside the basket was only a pile of snow
a pile of snow wrapped in the silver kimono.
I get it: the warmth of Mokichi...
melted the snow woman's heart, cold as ice.
-And what clue would you give me?
Maybe it's too difficult for you,
but it seems to me that for him it will be a good excuse to practice.
For him?

Our son, who must be in the hotel room?
looking non-stop at the videotape where he is in Minowa.
Look at it!
I already told you!
Here in Minowa he skis in a different way...
from the way he did at noon.
You're right, he's a good skier,
but in the film he looks more professional.
Look at that!
It's the scene where Minowa stops to help the girl.
From the moment he starts to go down until he goes off screen,
he wears his cap tied with a ribbon, but when he comes back into the scene...
into the scene and hugs the girl, the ribbon is gone.
And that's just a single prey, it's true!
-What if he was a specialist? -Maybe this guy doesn't know how to ski.
That's impossible!
We've seen her skiing and she did it better than you!
-And you're sure it was him? -Of course it was!
I've got it on tape too.
Do you see it? Listen Sonoko.
Do you remember where he left this bag in Minowa
while he was doing his skiing exhibition?
Yes, he left it on the ground where the girls were.
He said it was carrying very important things
and asked them to keep an eye on it until he got back.
You say another boy also came to ask about this bag?
-When was it? -Well, he just left.
In the end he didn't buy anything, though.
If this one looks small to you, I've got a much bigger one.
-Well, thank you. The strap can be adjusted to fit.
-It's a very practical bag. It's true!
Does it say "practical"?
-Heiji, why are you so angry? -What do you think, girl?
This nosey teenage detective always beats me to it.
He ordered the hotel's video device before I did.
Plus, a mysterious mustachioed man has also shown up.
If this keeps up, someone will solve this mystery before I do.
Does this mean you still haven't pulled out the frame?
No.
I know who the murderer is and how the crime was committed.
-I know since we went to the shop. You have to explain everything to the police.
But there are two things I don't understand.
I haven't solved the rings that are upside down and the frozen bag.
Until I solve it, I won't be able to complete my deductions.
What's wrong, Shizuka?
I told you not to call me on my personal cell phone while I'm at work.
What's that?
What happened?
I found it!
It's here! What is it?
Before Minowa's chair reached the top,
there was a noise that sounded like a gunshot.
If he hasn't picked up the bottle yet, this mysterious killer...
is somewhere where he has no freedom of movement.
Wow!
You're talking as if you've already figured it all out.
No.
I still don't know exactly how the crime was committed.
What's that hole on the left side of the seat?
I know who the murderer was and I've solved the bag full of snow.
But I still don't have it all tied up.
Do you know who the murderer is? Yes!
Right now, the police are questioning 4 suspects.
Director Oyama, who was right in front of the victim,
Detective Katashina, who was riding behind him,
the stuntman who skied down to warn the director,
and Miss Tateishi, who couldn't get off the chairlift.
Just a moment, Shinichi!
I understand that you know where the director was going so you spoke up.
But how did you know where the others were? Because I told you.
Shinichi's mother!
I couldn't help overhearing the statements of the suspects
while the police were questioning them.
That's fantastic, but what's she doing here? It's a coincidence!
The excursion coincided with my husband's trip.
"Let's just say it's been arranged for him."
But Shinichi, you're half an hour late.
What's that? Another boy came earlier.
A student your age or younger.
What was that?
I thought there wasn't any other high school student
who was so interested in crime;
how strong!
By the way, come to think of it,
have you heard about the other legend of the snow woman?
Wow!
It's already nighttime.
Now the police must be questioning the culprit,
but if they let him go free, he'll make all the evidence disappear.
-Heiji! -What's wrong, Mom?
To make rain you need water,
but if you want to make snowmen, you just have to wait...

that the snow freezes to make a great sculpture.
Your father says that the legend
is the clue you're missing to solve the mystery.
Your father says don't be fooled by the view.
Do you understand?
What?
What the t'empatolles, now?
What snowman are you talking about?
-Oh... -Heiji.
Could we get it over with?
(Cell phone: ringing)
Pick up my cell phone, in my coat pocket.
-Who's there? -We're busy now.
-I've solved the mystery, Inspector. -What?
I know who killed in Minowa
and made it look like suicide.
I've also discovered the murderer's set-up.
I know everything.
-How? -These brats again?
I'm sure he wants to accuse us again of murder in Minowa.
-What an outrage! -If they accuse us, we're innocent!
None of us could have climbed
in the chair and give him that gun.
Besides, the only one capable of firing in the middle of a snowstorm with poor visibility and hitting the target
with poor visibility and hit the target is an ex-cop.
And now!
Even for me it was impossible.
The snow was falling heavily, preventing me from seeing the chair in front of me.
(Heiji) It's true.
It was impossible to shoot anyone.
Unless in Minowa I didn't go up the chairlift alone.
(Heiji) -What't'empatolles? -Wait a minute, kid.
You don't mean there was someone hiding in en Minowa's bag, do you?
But the bag was full of snow.
An adult person couldn't fit in it anyway.
You're wrong.
The bag he was carrying was this one, fatter.
In the souvenir store of the hotel there is an identical bag
but much bigger.
What nonsense!
You mean to say that in Minowa she went up the chair lift
dragging the bag where her killer had hidden?
No, what was hidden in the bag?
was not the culprit, but in Minowa itself.
And now!
It couldn't be!
So who was carrying the bag? "The culprit."
In Minowa he wore his hair cut
so that it covered most of his face.
In addition, he wore sunglasses.
Anyone who wore a wig, a cap,
sunglasses and dressed in a skiing uniform
could impersonate him without arousing suspicion.
But he has been talking to me and his fans!
Because the voice was indeed that of Minowa.
How could it be?
Because the real Minowa, hidden inside the bag,
would stop his ear and answer the questions asked of him.
That's why everyone thought that the man
with his head and face covered was the real Minowa.
-Renoi! -Of course.
That's why Minowa wouldn't say a word
until the other one picked up the bag.
This doesn't make any sense!
I knew Minowa, and he was too proud to hide in a bag.
Maybe he's right.
"He hid in the bag because he was too proud."
In front of his fans he said he skied like a pro,
but this was just to save face.
It was probably a lie.
How was it a lie?
It's true that he didn't ski badly at all,
but he wasn't a pro.
Earlier, at the hotel, I saw action scenes from movies:
"The Love of the Snow Woman" and "The Mystery of the Snow Woman".
When the heroine falls and lies on the floor,
the protagonist leaves the screen and re-enters the scene.
In addition, while skiing down she wears her cap tied with a ribbon,
which then disappears.
This can only mean that the man skiing was someone else.
-Right, Mr. Director? -Yes.
In Minowa he skied quite well,
but he hurt his leg during the shooting of the first film.
He wanted to continue skiing no matter what,
but we convinced him, and in the end we were able to hire a specialist.
Ironically enough, that scene was very successful,
and we decided to hire a stuntman again without anyone noticing.
I didn't know it!
Then, when his fans have started to press him,
Minowa hid in the bag and the stuntman took care of the skiing.
When the stuntman came back and picked up the bag,
he started talking to the girls and bragged about being an excellent skier.
to be an excellent skier.
Wait a minute!
Your replacement was the person who...?
Yes, sir, the person who replaced Minowa,

has carried her hidden inside the bag and murdered her in cold blood is....
Mr. spoiled, the double!
It could only have been you.
-It was in spoiled? -Are you serious?
Yes, but I would say that the stuntman who replaced him
in the first film 4 years ago was the late Mizugami,
who, at the time, was also a stuntman in the film.
His style was quite different from the style of en mimados.
After Mizugami's death, en mimados replaced him....
without anyone knowing anything about it and took the opportunity
to commit today's murder on the ski lift.
Once on the chairlift, he pointed the gun at Corporal en Minowa,
and cold-bloodedly fired a bullet into his brain.
Then, he took en Minowa out of the bag and sat her in the chair,
put the gun in her hand and jumped out with the empty bag.
There are a couple of points on the course
where the chairs are only 3 meters from the ground, and he took advantage of them.
The hole in the seat that was unnoticed for the moment
is the impact of the bullet that killed in Minowa.
The proof is that in Minowa, when he climbed up,
he sat on the left side of the chair,
but when he got to the top, his body was sitting on the right.
You will understand that it is difficult for a person who commits suicide on a chairlift to change
on a chairlift to change places by himself.
But when we heard the shot, in mimados was talking to me.
The feature that we have heard was only a firecracker.
He has prepared as soon as he has jumped from the chairlift.
He put on his ski uniform and tied a lit cigarette to the wick of a firecracker.
to the wick of a firecracker in the neck of a bottle.
After a moment, the firecracker exploded.
He had intended for it to go off while he was talking to someone else,
so there would be someone who could confirm his alibi.
So what does the bag full of snow mean?
I've already told you, there are a couple of places on the aerial tour?
that the chairs go 10 feet off the ground.
The culprit had left the bag in one of these spots.
He used the pole to pull the bag up.
You're right, 10 feet is a short distance.
Each ski pole is one meter 20 meters long.
If we would pull them together with the rope and lengthen the arm, we would reach the ground,
But it is difficult to pick up the bag in the middle of the snow.
No, it is not that.
He only used a stick.
To cover the missing meter...
he stretched the strap of the bag as long as possible, dipped it in water...
and let it freeze, and he gained at least a meter.
He turned the rings of the two poles because if he had turned only one, it would have
one would have attracted too much attention.
But how could he find the bag from the chairlift?
It was snowing so hard, you could barely see the chair in front of you.
As you know, there must be a 6-second interval...
between chair and chair, necessarily.
If the chairlift runs between one and a half and two meters per second..,
we can calculate that there's about 10 meters between the chairs.
Even if you couldn't see what was 10 meters ahead,
the bag could be seen from the chairlift,
because the ground was only 3 meters away.
-But there is no evidence! -Of course there is, of evidence!
After having spoken with Miss Tateishi, pampered...
...you have come here to answer the police's questions,
so you should still bring
(Both of you)... the same ski uniform you wore in Minowa.
And I'm sure he's also carrying the bag
that he used to hide in Minowa.
I've been wanting to do this for a while.
I'm dead hot!
-My... spoiled! -I knew it, it's you.
You've noticed it too, director?
Yes.
At first I thought he was skiing better in Minowa than before,
but when I saw him dead, I realized it wasn't him skiing but you.
Why did you do it?
To avenge the death of Mizugami,
the man who was supposed to marry you, Tateishi.
Four years ago, in Minowa you killed him...
using the chairlift trick.
-What?
Was it him? -Yes.
That day, 4 years ago,
when in Minowa he was surrounded by fans and didn't know how to get ahead,
in Mizugami said: "We'll find a solution".
The solution was to hide him in Minowa in a bag and transport him up and down.
and carry him up and down.

But in Minowa he took advantage of his good faith and killed him.
In Mizugami he wanted to be a real actor!
He confessed this to me as I pointed the gun at him.
"I couldn't allow him in Mizugami to become an actor!"
"He was too smart, he would have revealed my secret!"
That's why I was so scared.
How ironic!
It was the most suitable film to carry out your revenge.
The truth is that I also suspected
that I had committed that crime in Minowa.
That's why I decided to make this film.
No one knew it, but at the end of the film, you find out...
that the culprit is the detective I played in Minowa,
with the same trick he explained to me in Minowa 4 years ago.
I thought, when I read the script,
in Minowa he would go down and confess to his crime.
Maybe I'm not the best person to tell him, but if he already knew everything, why didn't he do anything to stop this?
why didn't you do anything to stop this senseless murder?
Revenge triggers a spiral of revenge,
until, in the end, the objectives achieved fade away
like snowflakes when they fall in the palm of your hand.
(Man) Good.
We'll talk at the police station.
Can you join us, you too?
Inspector!
What do I say to this boy who phoned?
He has come to the same conclusions as this young man,
both have told what had happened almost at the same time.
- (both) What? - (all) What?
Heiji, why didn't you want to go to the police station with the police?
Silly, if I had gone with them,
who would have carried you to the hotel on their shoulders?
Besides, I have discovered the mystery of the tape of the frozen bag...
thanks to the clue my father gave me.
That's why I don't want to meet the guy who solved it by himself.
I don't want to see him in this one.
Why not?
Don't make me go, man!
You take the water bottle, you go to the police station,
tell them you solved the case and that you know the other guy.
My father has told me the legend of the snow woman
who pretended to twist her ankle to be carried in her arms.
That's why I found out that in Minowa he pretended to be an expert skier
an expert skier but was actually hiding inside a bag.
But you managed to solve the mystery.
No, the credit goes to the other guy,
who solved it without help;
it's not my case.
-Heiji: Shut up.
Why did you follow me if you sprained your ankle?
You joined the higher group
and you overexerted yourself to show off and got injured.
But thanks to you, I realized right away that in Minowa...
used a double to save face.
Since you helped me solve the mystery, I'll forgive you.
"What an ass!"
"Maybe I did overexert myself, but not exactly to show off."
How come there are two versions of the legend of the snow woman?
Because it was the mothers who explained the story.
What?
This legend was invented by someone to teach the children
that they didn't have to go out when there was a snowstorm.
As the mothers told this legend, they identified with the main character of the story,
they identified with the protagonist of the snowstorm,
who was a woman like them, and the story began to change.
The original legend said only that the woman
had given her clothes to the man and he had murdered her,
but she turned into a demon who melted down
into a pile of snow.
That's why the legend is so sad and plausible once.
"The snow wouldn't let me see his face, but..."
"It's this boy, he's my rival."
"Although we don't know each other, if he's a detective like me,
"...we're sure to meet again at the scene of another mystery."
(Wind: howl)
In the end, that clever detective disappeared...
suddenly without telling the police his name.
You see?
He really was a smart and modest guy.
Not like another one I know, eh, man?
"This modest guy was me."
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo", Nakamura Yuri)
Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame

kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

