(Birds: chirping)
This means that, let's see,
4, 5, 6, this month I have solved six cases.
Six!
And you, Kudo, how many?
Yes, let's see... I've solved seven cases in total.
Well, well, well!
I lost again.
Hey, Kudo.
You mean there's not too much going on around you?
If you want to be more successful, you should change the symbols in your name.
I call myself Shinichi, which is spelled with the symbol for "number one".
And a radish!
You will always be number two.
Number two? Yes.
It turns out that a few years ago...
I met a guy a lot smarter than you.
He was a detective.
Oh!
We make a determined step towards a glorious future.
We're totally psyched!
In Heiji and Shinichi, the teenage detectives,
will face off in a battle of deductions at a ski resort!
Who will solve the mystery?
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Seaside moon, seaside sky,
itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo moves ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!
Sound give me the reason why
leave me here alone.
The reason why
I do not know how I feel.
Sonido must be the truth, baby,
shall we end then it 's up to me?
Tomorrow is a different day, yeah.
And I know when I'M ready.
Glorious mind, glorious sky!
Omoikiri naitara.
Kinou made no koto ha zenbu wasureyou!
Seaside moon, seaside sky!
Itsumademo kawanaru
kokoro wo mueve ichido kimi ni todoketai...
Glorious mind!

Heijō Hattori VERSUS Shin'ichi Kudō.
THE GREAT BATTLE OF DEDUCTIONS.
(Wind: howl)
Kazuha!
Are you sure you're all right?
If you sprained your ankle, you should go back to the hotel and rest.
Don't worry, I'm fine.
I don't want to go back to the hotel alone, what a bore!
I have a much better time here, watching you ski.
Besides...
Oops!
Oops, sorry.
Since you were standing there in the middle like a stunner,
I thought you were a snowman.
What's wrong with you?
It's the fifth time you've done the same thing to him!
-Do him a favor and apologize! -Can't you see I'm doing him a favor?
I throw snowballs on his ankle to cool it down,
so it won't swell up and it'll heal.
Professor!
Hattori is bothering the girls again!
-Go to the club! -Don't interfere with us!
-The grandmothers are bothering! -Iaies, us?
-Wait, girls! -Kazuha.
Don't be brave and go to the hotel.
You'll get constipated here.
Yes.
Why are you guys so heavy?
I wish the snow woman would eat you!
The snow woman?
The teacher explained to us an old local legend
that tells of a mysterious snow woman.
It seems that, once upon a time, a very beautiful woman lived here....
who was dressed in a shimmering silver kimono.
One day, she saw a handsome man on the mountain..,
sang and caused a snowstorm to break out.
Then, she asked the man to exchange her?
the kimono for an object of value that he had on him.
The man, who was a little short, was dazzled by the girl's white skin.
by the girl's white skin;
without thinking, he accepted the deal.
So what happened?
As the man wrapped the kimono, he told her...
that the only object of value he had on him was his rifle,
and asked, "Is this what you want?"
The woman stepped behind him, "I don't want it."
"You want my money?"
"I don't want them."
"Do you want the hat?"
"I don't want it."
"Then what do you want?" the man asked her.
Then she hugged him all naked from behind.
"I don't want these cold things you offer me," she told him.
"What I want most in this world is something hot....
"That makes your blood throb."
- "Your coooor!", she said to him.-Ah!
Further on, they found the man's corpse,
they opened the package in which he had wrapped the silver kimono
and found only a pile of snow.
They say that, when there is a snowstorm, terrible things happen here.
Four years ago, there was a very strange accident.
"Attention, students in my class! It's lunchtime!"
-But it's already two o'clock! -Really?
No wonder I was so hungry!

It is clear that there are students from other schools in this hotel,
so we have to organize the lunch in shifts
so that we don't overcrowd the dining room.
(Girls: shouting)
Isn't that actor Shohei Minowa over there?
-What's he doing here? -Of course, man!
He said on TV that he was shooting a movie
based on a real accident that happened here.
Really?
I felt it was a detective movie.
-Related to the woman in the neus. -Nonsense!
Anyway, Shohei Minowa is the main character of the movie.
He plays a detective trying to solve a case full of mysteries.
Eh?
A detective?
Minowa, I hear you've come to shoot...
the last part of the Snow Woman trilogy.
Yes.
-Are they based on a real case? -Yes, that's true too. -Yes, that's true, too.
The victim was a stuntman friend of mine.
I was there, too, when it all happened.
Hey, Minowa, I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't air...
the story of Jiro Mizugami's death.
What the hell?
You're the one who's making a movie based on his death!
I know, but this film will serve to honor his memory.
Come on, nothing happens, the dead do not get angry,
and he won't come to ask for explanations.
If at the end we put a: "To our friend Jiro Mizugami",
the viewers won't be able to hold back their tears.
And with this, we will have guaranteed success.
In Mizugami, it allowed us to shoot a good movie.
You did very well, the death of Mizugami.
Thanks to that, you are now taking his place.
Anyway, be very careful.
Think that you will be playing the late Mizugami.
Don't be fooled by the mysterious snow woman.
-Don't pateixis. Anyway, I don't understand.
How come in Mizugami is going to commit suicide
when he was about to marry his promise to you?
-I don't know. It wasn't a suicide.
It was murder.
Someone of you killed him in cold blood.
- (girls) Oh! A new you, Inspector?
No.
I'm told you're no longer with the police.
Yes, as I became obsessed with a case from another prefecture,
they fired me;
now I make my living as a private detective.
But Mizugami's death looked like a real suicide!
Yes, it did.
Four years ago, a man who had ridden alone on a chairlift at this station shot himself
of this station shot himself before getting off and died.
He had a revolver in his right hand and his sleeve was stained with gunpowder.
At first glance, it looked like a suicide caused by a firearm,
but there was something strange:
the bag the victim was holding next to him.
Why was it full of snow, that bag?
The boy probably knew the legend
of the snow woman and tried to reproduce it.
Nonsense!
I knew Mizugami since we were kids.
I know for a fact that he had no interest in ghost stories.
Besides, supposing she had done it expressly,
what motive could he have?
In fact, we could only know that if we were to ask him directly, but one thing is
directly to him, but one thing is obvious.
If it had been murder,
it would be an impossible crime that none of us could have committed.
Only a supernatural creature, like the beautiful snow woman, could have done such a thing,
could have done such a thing.
And a radish!
If it was murder, it was done by a human!
Besides, there is no impossible crime.
Useless!
You're just like the other one!
Earlier a high schooler came and said exactly the same thing as you.
He'd be about your age, or younger.
-A high school nano? -Heiji!
Ah... Atxim!
This must mean there's someone talking about me.
I'm sure there is.
After the stunt you've pulled...
At this point the people in the dining room must still be laughing at you.
You're such an ass!
I did it because you were so excited about the story of the snow woman.
of the snow woman, I wanted to show you that it was a hoax.
I wasn't scandalized by anything!
It just occurred to me that it might have really happened.
The legends of the snow woman are always sad and plausible.
Yes, the truth is that it is a very mysterious story.
Especially because, in fact, the creature that appears in the most famous legend...
about the snow woman in Japan is called "Woman of the snow".
Mysterious, eh? In English?

Wasn't the Snow Woman a Japanese fairy tale?
Yes, it is a Japanese fairy tale.
But an English professor named Lafcadio Hearn
felt the story and wrote it in English.
I'm sure you're familiar with the name Yakumo Koizumi.
That was his pen name.
Yes!
I know you are very smart and you always know everything!
But thank you.
I thank you for intervening to reassure me.
Not only for that.
I had the impression that if I didn't say anything, the situation would get worse.
I had a feeling that a storm would come, like now.
(Wind: howl)
Wait a minute!
What will we do if the snow woman suddenly appears?
Bleda!
If she really existed, I would love to see her.
Heiji!
To find out what happened 4 years ago, we have to start by investigating...
the chairlift the victim took,
and do it before this "high school nano."
Please pass on this kid!
He would have the same idea as you and expressed!
That's why I can't let him beat me!
If he solves it before me, they'll say I'm a "high school nano" like him.
- (flow) And what does he think he is? -How romantic, couple!
Hey, you!
Can you tell me what...?
If you continue to warm the slopes with your love, melt the snow!
I thought he was talking to us.
Why don't we wait until it stops snowing to investigate the chair lift?
Maybe you're right.
But before you go...
-Sorry, sorry. -And now!
Forgive me.
Heiji!
Listen to me!
Stop it, please!
You haven't stopped recording the whole time.
Heiji, stop it!
I'm sure this lady just wanted to film the snowy landscape.
Yeah man, and what else!
I know she was filming me.
-You? -It's my mother.
What's that?
The pots such a splinter!
You're just like your father.
-The same intuition! -But what are you doing here, madam?
I was worried because in Heiji had never been north.
-M'amoïnava that happened fred. -It's a lie!
You wanted to add a new tape in the collection of videos
about me growing up that you've been making since I was born.
- "I'd love to see it." - It was snowing a lot that day too.
What?
The day in Mizugami committed suicide, 4 years ago.
We were also waiting to start shooting, just like now,
and in Minowa he was surrounded by fans.
Eh?
It seems to me that the storm is beginning to subside.
Oh.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
(Girl) Can we see how you ski?
In the first two movies you proved
that you're an expert skier!
I don't know what to tell you.
The shooting is about to start.
No way!
In Minowa you have already gone down 3 slopes at the request of your fans.
If you want to see skiing, go watch your movies.
-What should we do? -We're a little short.
But it is important that the fans are happy.
If I were here, in Mizugami I would say something like:
"We'll find a solution".
Won't we?
I'm fed up!
It's not in Mizugami, and we have to accept it once and for all.
Excuse me, girl.
Maybe you shouldn't take part in a movie based on the death
of the man who was to become your husband.
In fact, I was the one who insisted on collaborating with you.
I was under the impression that the film would help me understand why...
he committed suicide in Mizugami.
There are two locations.
What?
I've seen it from below.
There are only two points where the chairlift approaches the track.
And could someone have jumped from below?
No.
The chairs go about 10 feet off the ground.
It's impossible to get there without a trampoline.
Isn't this at Shohei Minowa, what used to be at the hotel?
How well he skis!
(Shouts)
(All) Another one, another one, another one!
Not now.
You've had enough once.
For more, go see the movie.
But it's almost 4 o'clock!
We should go shoot the scene on the slopes right away.
If anything, I'll go pulling with the chairlift.
From 5 o'clock on, it will be pitch black.
Mr. Director, I don't see the make-up artist or the stuntman anywhere.
Do you know where they've gone? -Yes, I do.
They said they'd go up earlier and took the chairlift.
There's something.

There must be something on this chairlift.
Hey, Heiji, this chairlift scares me a little.
No shit, Kazuha!
You signed up for the top level and you're scared of a chairlift!
Not all of them scare me!
But this one's a little different.
Wow!
Looks like it's snowing hard again.
I can barely see the detective right in front of us.
Hey, Tateishi!
-Mimata, is that you? -What are you doing here?
How come you're turning down?
I couldn't get down in time!
These devices are not my forte.
(Gunshot)
Shinichi, what was that loud noise?
"It sounded like a gun."
"Who was on the chairlift?"
"Director Oyama, actor Minowa and the detective."
What happened? Ah, it's you.
Well, I really don't know what happened.
I just got off the chairlift just now.
Stop the chairlift! What?
Can't you see?
It's death!
Stop the chairlift and call the police and an ambulance!
What happened, Shinichi?
Is everything all right? Don't look, Ran!
Aah!
-They stopped the chairlift. What happened?
First there was a gunshot, then a loud scream!
"A shot, a chairlift..."
"What if the crime that was committed 4 years ago was being repeated?"
(Loudspeakers) "Ladies and gentlemen, sorry for the inconvenience."
"The chairlift will be back in operation as soon as possible."
What's happening
It's just like that day!
You're right, it's the same thing that happened then,
when Mizugami committed suicide.
"Mizugami..."
He put the barrel of the gun to his temple and fired.
-He's a Suicidi.
Although he holds the gun in his right hand.
The problem is this bag next to the corpse.
I have a bad feeling about the contents.
I knew it, it's snow!
It's the same thing that happened 4 years ago.
I heard that you all came here to shoot a movie.
Yes.
It's based on the legend and the events that happened 4 years ago.
Who would have thought that Minowa, the main character, would commit suicide!
-What?
It's the actor Minowa? -It's true.
-You were there 4 years ago, too. My name is Oyama, and I'm the director.
I took the first chairlift.
I was right in front of him.
I heard a shot, and when I got off, this guy...
realized that something had happened to Minowa.
Hey, kid!
What are you doing?
Excuse me, I should restart the chairlift.
Can I do that?
Please hold on.
When we lower the corpse and the bag, you can turn it back on.
Is it too heavy? -No.
In fact, very little.
He was much thinner than he looked, he must have weighed about 60 kilos.
That's why he was only in movies set in winter.
He didn't want anyone to see his skeletal body.
Why did he wear his skis on the back instead of on?
Yes, it's strange.
Maybe because I had to drag this bag full of snow.
The bag is big enough to fit a child inside.
You can put the chairlift back on whenever you want!
Inspector!
There are three mysteries to solve.
It's moving again!
Have you seen the crowd at the top?
How scary!
And now!
It's most exciting.
Everybody out of the way!
Get out of the way!
Out of the way!
-What's up?
What's happened? Ah, it's you.
From what I've heard so far,
it's exactly the same case as 4 years ago.
A man went up the chairlift alone with a bag full of snow together
and committed suicide with a revolver.
As if possessed by the mysterious snow woman.
You again?
You're out of your jurisdiction.
No.
I left the police, now I'm investigating on my own.
Besides, I rode in the chair that was right behind the victim.
I'm sure you'll want to ask me a lot of questions, Mr. Inspector.
The victim?
This boy committed suicide!
Don't jump to conclusions.
Heiji!
Help me!
-What are you doing upstairs?
Come down right now! I can't go down!
I don't know how to get down!
Then wait until you get downstairs and someone will help you down!
Okay? -M-m.-Look, it's chard!
-M-m.-Look, it's chard!
I've already told you that it wasn't necessary for you to accompany me.
There was also a girl who didn't know how to go down before.

-Are you serious? -Yes.
She was a very pretty girl wearing a ponytail.
What?
In Minowa has committed suicide?
But why?
This is what I wanted to ask you.
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Why didn't you come down from the chairlift before?
Because I don't know enough!
These devices are not my forte.
How strange that is!
Four years ago you came here to shoot another movie, didn't you?
But that time I went up with you on Mizugami,
and now you've accompanied me in mimados.
-You're not used to exercise, are you?
Well, the director told me that you went up before the others.
Why didn't you take the chairlift with this lady?
The whole team was ready to start shooting,
but when I saw that the director and the main character weren't going up,
I decided to ski down and let them know.
In the meantime, I saw Miss Tateishi coming down with the chairlift,
I called her and together we heard the shot.
Then I had a bad feeling,
I took the chairlift with the spoiled ones.
and we went back up to the top of the runway.
After what happened 4 years ago?
Then the chairlift stopped and after a while I was able to get off.
Okay, then;
that is to say, that both the director Oyama,
who took the chair in front of the victim,
or Detective Katashina, who got on right after him,
or Miss Tateishi, who came down with the chairlift,
and Mr. Spoiled, who was skiing down,
had the opportunity to kill Mr. Minowa.
-Wait a minute! -Hey, kid!
I didn't explain myself well before?
When I heard the shot, I was talking to the pampered.
But if the shot had been false, it could have been a crime.
-That's what you meant, isn't it? -That's what I meant, isn't it?
That's right, yes.
Anyway, in Minowa he had a revolver in his hand.
No one could have planted it on him from that far away.
And you can't kill somebody and ask them to hold the gun either.
Besides, it was snowing pretty heavily at the time.
Only an expert marksman would have been able to hit the target.
Very good.
I still don't know how Minowa's murder was committed.
But there are a few details that have come to my attention, gentlemen.
The first is the poles that Mr. Minowa was carrying on the chairlift.
The rings on the bottom were upside down.
This could prove that they were used for something.
The second is the chair where the victim died.
To the left of the plastic seat of the chair there is a small hole.
It could also have been used to prepare some invention.
The last detail is this cloth bag that Mr. Minowa was carrying
which has turned up full of snow.
For some reason I don't understand, it's frozen.
Don't touch the evidence without permission, kid!
How observant are today's high school students!
What?
We just spoke with a student your age
who also made these 3 remarks to us with a posh air.
-What did he say? -It was here just before you arrived.
Ouch!
I finally got off!
I'm not going to take this infernal machine again.
Kazuha!
You've joined the highest level group.
-What? -You should know how to climb down.
Confess!
You signed up for the higher group to go with Hattori, didn't you?
And the twisted ankle was just an excuse.
No, it wasn't!
Don't suffer!
We won't tell you anything in Hattori.
Sorry, noies.
Excuse me!
Have any of you recorded in Minowa when you went up the chairlift?
I have a video camera.
Thank you.
How did you film everything?
I thought you were a fan and that you only filmed at Minowa.
It's just that my son asked me to film the chairlift station
to try to investigate the events that happened 4 years ago.
What?
He's a detective, your son? He's just a high school student.
But he says he wants to be a detective when he grows up.
Detective!
I'd like that very much too.
Guaita!
Shinichi is talking to a very pretty lady.
I don't know who she reminds me of...
No, that's his detective face.
He thinks he's still young.
And you, who consider yourself the best crime writer...
in the whole world, have you managed to solve the mystery?
Yukiko, what questions you ask me!
What?

You mean you've already figured it out?
You know I wanted to write a novel
inspired by the events that happened 4 years ago, that's why we are here.
But I didn't imagine that exactly the same thing would happen again
during the shooting of a movie.
If you already know who the killer is, why don't you explain it to the police?
No.
We'll let the youth take care of it, you and I will watch.
Okay, okay, okay!
But I want you to give me a clue!
I don't know if you know that in this mountain there is a legend
that talks about the snow woman with the silver kimono.
It is a tale that has a sad ending, and very distressing.
("Sekai ha mawaru tono y uno keredo", Nakamura Yuri)
Nagai yoru ga asa ga hiru ga,
Subete no rarikurari nagareyuku yo...
Hibi wo tsunaide yuku ni mo soune
ishi tono y uno mono ga hitsuyou?
Kizutsuite naiteita hay mo atta ki ga suru.
Nanika wo shinjiyou to shite!
Sekai ha mawaru tone and one keredo,
nani mo watashi no naka wo meguru mono nado nai kara.
Sotto tada mado no soto nagame
kisetsu ga utsurou no wo miteimashou!

