"How did that story end
"Of the grandfather who had known Eisuke Hondo as a child?"
"Did you finally get to talk to his grandson?"
Yes. Ah.
So that's it?
You don't tell me anything else?
I'm starting to get a little intrigued by this case.
I was recently talking to this man's grandson and a friend of his,
and they gave me a little more information.
I also have a photo. "A photo?"
Yes, an unintentionally taken photo showing Eisuke Hondo as a young boy....
with a man behind him who they say is his father.
Wow!
You did it, Kudo!
What do you mean, the father?
Did his face ring a bell?
"I don't know him, but..."
The other boy happened to feel that he was talking to his companions
and said, "The dive is coming."
"The dive?"
Then, the men at the table with him....
wished him good luck and to be very careful.
Dives, Kudo, are usually practiced in the water.
Maybe he meant the sea.
Yes.
The boy asked his friend's grandfather what the man did for a living.
He told him he was a businessman, and he figured he was a scuba diver.
But the grandfather's exact answer was: "He's a businessman, period.
You can see he works for a company.
For a company, you say?
Hey, Kudo, you don't mean...?
"I don't know if this company is an ordinary company.
"Or it has the meaning that we suspect."
The owner of the restaurant was on good terms with Eisuke's father
and they made small talk quite often.
The grandfather was a great fan of crime novels,
and perhaps because of the way the interlocutor spoke
or by the expressions he used, I could deduce...
That he worked for the "company" we suspect he was part of,
Maybe that's what you mean, Kudo?
"Yes."
Anyway, if it's all true, you'll have to tread carefully.
"For the time being, maybe you should just watch and wait."
What would you do? "Me?"
You wait for you?
Man, I'd track him down in a heartbeat!
I didn't want to say this, if I were you...
"You and I are the same." What?
If we have a possibility, we investigate it in detail.
Until we get our curiosity satisfied however we can.
Oi? Conan!
You've been in here for a long time!
Are you all right?
Sorry, Ran, I'll be right out.
Escort!
Don't you fucking lock yourself in the bathroom for such an important call!
Maybe something's gone wrong.
Ran!
Forget about this brat and let's go to the hospital at once!
We have to go see that girl who went to class with us.
But you haven't eaten yet, have you, Sonoko?
I thought we could all eat together once we get out of the tour.
Father has gone to see the horses,
I wouldn't want Conan to be left alone.
I have to leave you, Hattori.
I'll call you back when...
"Hey, uncle! Don't hang up yet!"
- (line: communicates) - "Be careful, Kudo."
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the midst of darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
The mystery of the organization related to the Rena Mizunashi
and the Eisuke Hondo, curtain of a new act is about to rise!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
THE ORIGIN
See you soon!
I'll see you around, eh?
This Aya is a case!
She came to the hospital all worried
because her appendix was about to burst,
and she hasn't stopped saying: "I can't wait to eat my fill of cakes!"
There is no one who understands her.
I'm so glad!
This means that she is feeling better. (Guts: grunts)
Wow!

Speaking of food, I've become terribly hungry.
Well, we can go eat now.
I hear there's a trendy burger joint next door.
They also have one of those children's menus that you like so much, Conan.
"Ah! You mean the one with the toy in it."
Don't you think maybe we should invite him, too?
Who should we invite? It's that clumsy boy.
It's-that's Eisuke! "Oysters!"
Oh!
Mouri, Suzuki!
Ah!
I'm sorry, sir.
Did you get hurt? No, uh...
I'm fine.
What-what are you girls doing here?
We're here to see a friend. "I knew it!"
"He knows that Rena Mizunashi is in a hospital somewhere.
"And he's looking for her."
Eh?
Well, if it isn't Rena Mizunashi!
If it isn't Rena Mizunashi!
That popular anchorwoman who is now on sick leave.
In this photo she looks much younger than she does now.
No, the girl in the photo is my older sister.
Your sister? Oops!
Is she a presenter?
No.
She looks a lot like her, but she's someone else.
They have different names.
Besides, my sister left home 10 years ago.
She ran away? I'm looking for him with this photo.
Why did you come to the hospital to ask about her?
Because my sister always said that when she grew up, she wanted to be a nurse.
She also had to take me to the hospital when I was little and sick.
That's why I had a feeling I would find her here.
She took you to the hospital?
When I was little, besides being a handyman,
I got sick all the time,
and my sister always had to accompany me to the hospital.
When I would get a wound and blood would come out,
she would tell me that God had created our blood type
so that we could share our blood with everyone,
and that I couldn't waste it, but in the end it was she...
who shared her blood with me.
A little while before she left, I had a very serious accident.
I had a transfusion of my sister's blood.
Therefore, the blood that runs through my veins is hers.
Nowadays, every time I feel my heart beating, I feel her generosity,
I feel her generosity.
But when I was discharged, it disappeared.
Perhaps it was thought that if this continued,
you would end up sucking all the blood out of him and he preferred to run away.
Don't be a fool, Sonoko! I didn't know why he left.
But I'd like to see you again to thank you.
After all, I'm alive because of your generosity.
"A blood group compatible with any other..."
"Besides, your story sounds quite plausible."
"At the moment there is no doubt that this boy is looking for his sister."
This reminds me of something that happened to us.
What? You don't remember?
I had to give blood to get you a transfusion too.
Do you also notice my generosity? Y-yes.
"This was a low blow." How strange!
Are you absolutely sure, that Rena Mizunashi...
can't be the sister you're looking for?
-Yes, I'm sure. How do you know?
People who work in TV use artistic names.
Maybe they do, but... Why don't we do something?
My father has a friend who's a big fan of Rena Mizunashi.
He has a pile of videos of this girl.
We could ask him to show them to us.
Maybe then you'll find out that she's your sister.
-Of course! -All right, as you wish.
Besides, if you show your picture to my father's friend,
he'll be able to tell you whether or not it's Rena Mizunashi.
Yes.
Understood.
Let's go.
Let's go see this gentleman.
But first, we'll eat... Come on, let's go!
Of course we will.
I'll have a cheeseburger.
I'm so hungry!
I could eat a bull with horns.
(Mobile: call sign)
- "Yes, tell me?" - "(dog: borda)"
Hello, sir.
Long time no see!
Do you remember me?
"It feels like barking a dog." Yes, I am the Ran Mouri.
- "Who?" - Excuse me, am I speaking to Mr. Anno?
- "You're wrong." - (phone: hung up)
Gee, I've got the wrong number.
You're too nervous.
Yes, of course, if Eisuke's sister was Rena Mizunashi,
it would be fantastic news!
Hello, long time no see!
I'm Ran Mouri.
- "You again? I told you you're wrong!"

Oh, how strange!
I don't get it.
Maybe your father's friend has moved house.
I don't think so, because the father hasn't told me anything.
And if you call your father and ask him?
(shouting)
What do you say?
That Anno has changed his phone number?
No way.
I went to his house a few days ago to play cards.
Well, I called him and they told me I was wrong.
Are you sure he hasn't changed?
"Why don't you go to his parents' house and ask them?"
"Are you still in the hospital? I say that because they live very close to there."
What?
You want to know if my son has moved?
I called you earlier and I got an answer from someone I didn't know.
How strange!
But I just spoke to him on the phone!
He explained to me that he has had a bad cold since yesterday,
it seemed to me that he had a nosebleed.
That's why he had to cancel the trip he had planned to take today
today Thursday and tomorrow Friday.
What? Oh, by the way!
He told me he had to change his cell phone number.
Is that what you mean? No, I called him on the landline.
You told me you're Mr. Mouri's daughter, right?
That you could come back later, sweetheart?
I've got a lot of things to do.
I have to go to the bank before they close.
Your son didn't tell you if he had any kind of a problem
or anything that was keeping him tied up?
He didn't?
Well, no.
Maybe he warned him not to tell anyone about it
and not to ask anyone for advice either.
Oh!
The truth is that a colleague of yours
stole the company's money and ran away.
My son was about to open a new business.
If he didn't make a transfer to his client today,
the company would go down the drain.
I told him that I would ask his father's advice
and that we would find a way to fix it.
But there was no time.
What did you ask him to say?
When he went to the bank to transfer the money.
That they are funds for a business and that it is very urgent.
What business will it be?
It must be a store selling Rena Mizunashi items.
Or a business selling on the internet.
Since she's so famous...
Of course it is!
Internet sales are all the rage.
No, it's not that. (Both) What?
Although, unfortunately, it is true that it is very fashionable.
What is fashionable, you say?
Do you know what you're talking about or are you just making it look, brat?
I know very well, I'm convinced that what the person who called you is trying to do
who called you has nothing to do with what this girl says.
How do you know that?
The person who called you is the son of this lady.
A great admirer of Rena Mizunashi.
I'm sure he has the idea of opening a store...
of items about Rena Mizunashi or an internet sales business.
How can you say I'm wrong?
But your son has me worried.
If they've taken the money he needed,
he should get it back right away.
Of course, that's why I was about to go to the bank and move towards it.
My God!
The bank is about to close!
I'm sorry, I have to go, we'll talk later.
Your son had cancelled a trip because he had a cold, right?
Yes, he did.
Don't you think it's a little strange that he's going on a trip now,
about to open a business, with the work he must have?
It's called business, nano!
This kind of trips are made to attract new customers
or simply to keep the old ones happy.
He has also told his mother that his cell phone had broken down
and the number had to be changed.
Yes, but that doesn't mean anything, man.
He took advantage of the fact that he was buying a new phone to change his number.
In the end, he was about to open his business!
But just yesterday he called his mother
to tell her that he had changed his phone number.
Changing a cell phone number in a busy time of the year can cause you
can cause you a lot more problems.
-Oh, you're right, you're right.
You will have to notify your co-workers and all your clients to give them your new phone number.
to give them your new phone number.
Unless you have a good reason to do so, changing your cell phone number at a time like this.
your cell phone number at a time like this is not wise.
Why did he do it? Maybe a prankster was bothering him.

Now that you mention it, he was getting a lot of calls lately....
from someone who wasn't telling him anything.
What was that?
Right after, her house was burglarized.
(At the same time) To rob?
I'm sure those mysterious calls only served
to make sure my son wasn't home.
He doesn't usually have valuables at home,
so they couldn't have stolen anything.
He must have had microphones installed.
My-microphones?
Thanks to the microphones they installed throughout the house,
they analyzed their son's speech and tone of voice.
Of course, they also knew that on Thursdays and Fridays?
there would be no one in the apartment so that their son
was planning to go on a trip.
He just called me to tell me that he was canceling the trip because of a cold!
It's at home, are you sure you've spoken to your son?
Have you?
Yes, he did.
Maybe his voice was a little hoarse,
but I thought it was because of the cold.
The screen showed his number, and I felt the dog barking.
He always barks by the phone.
But the barking of dogs is harder to distinguish
than human voices.
Perhaps someone has imitated the dog's barking,
although it's also likely that they were reproduced with a boom box.
Oh, really?
And who could be interested in making this montage?
Someone who wanted this lady to think
she was talking to her son.
Eh?
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
You don't mean someone's trying to con her?
What? What?
Man, he calls her pretending to be her son,
and asks her to make a transfer.
This is all an absurd story that this little boy has invented!
In fact, what this child says is quite logical.
If an intruder has entered the apartment and is called to his mother from there,
the number that appears on the screen is the son's home number.
If, in addition, it somehow reproduces the dog's barking, the mother is convinced that it is the son's home,
the mother is convinced that she is talking to her son on the phone.
Then, the person who took the phone from me....
and told me that I had made a mistake...
"You again? I told you you've made a mistake!"
Perhaps the intruder was expecting a call from you, Mrs. Koshi.
Yes, surely, he told me to let you know right away,
when he had made the transfer.
He must have an accomplice at the bank who is waiting for a call from you
to get the money right away and run away.
That's precisely why he doesn't have time to impersonate the owner of the house every time
the owner of the house every time someone calls him.
Moreover, he is called just when the banks are about to close.
The success of these scams depends on
that the person being scammed does not have much time to think.
He has told him not to explain it because anyone else might be suspicious,
and asked for the transfer saying that it was money to set up a business.
to set up a company;
so that when the scam came to light,
not even the bank employees would suspect it was a scam.
They explained it one day on the afternoon magazine show.
As usual, you have a memory like an elephant, you Conan.
Don't tell me you're hooked on the news like a housewife!
So, this thing about the broken cell phone
and that he had changed his number must have been a lie.
We could call him on his regular cell phone.
By now, he must be on the road.
Yes.
If we call his son's old cell phone, and he answers,
we can immediately check whether someone has tried to scam him or not.
"This cell phone is switched off or out of range."
"Please try again later."
- "This cell phone..." - It's turned off!
So, maybe the story of the broken cell phone was true!
Where was your son going on a trip? On the island of Sado, in Niigata.
He was scheduled to return at 7 p.m. today.
"At 7 o'clock?"
"From Sado to Tokyo should be about an hour or so by ferry.
"And a couple of hours more by bullet train."
"If we do the reverse calculation,
"By this time it should be in the middle of the sea."
"Sometimes, cell phones don't have coverage, in the middle of the sea."
"Maybe the culprit has taken this detail into account?"
My God!
Only 10 minutes to go.
I have to get to the bank as soon as possible.
Don't go.
Don't go, madam! Leave me alone!
My son told me that if I didn't make a transfer today...

10 million yen, you should take out an illegal loan!
I can't allow you to do that.
What?
You haven't made the transfer?
"No. It's just that I had some visitors I wasn't expecting."
"I'm sorry, son."
Why do you think I told you to be sorry?
You should have gone out after I called you on the phone.
"But since you said you had to take out an illegal loan," he said,
"I thought if we could find a way to get the money, it wouldn't be necessary."
-Yes, of course, but- (dog: borda).
"Maybe you'll have enough with your mother's secret savings."
Savings?
How much money do you have?
"I've been saving for a long time just in case,
"And I must have about two million yen."
"Yesterday I sent you the card to withdraw money and the secret code."
"You should have received it by now. Will you have enough?"
At least, I'll be able to cover immediate expenses.
I'll go and withdraw the money right away.
Thank you so much for calling, Mother.
Oh!
-Can I know who you are? -Well, no, I'm just... -Shit!
Get out of the way!
"So the swindler we were looking for was arrested."
"Then, the police arrested his accomplice as well,
"who was waiting at the door of the bank,
"and we were able to prevent a very sophisticated scam."
"Do you want to know what preventive measures you should take
"To never fall for this type of scam?"
"Don't make any more rash decisions on your own,
"Always consult with someone you trust."
"When you explain to someone what is going on,
"You will be able to analyze the situation and look at it coldly."
"If the person you have asked for advice, or yourselves.
"Has any suspicions, however small, the scam will not succeed."
Mother!
What?
That there has been an attempted scam?
They wanted to swindle you?
Yes, but I was able to avoid it thanks to these guys.
Long time no see!
I'm Ran Mouri.
Hello, Aina!
How are you? Yes, it's true!
You're Mouri's daughter.
How come you've been waiting for me?
In fact, we had come to see you.
We have a favor to ask you, you know?
Eh?
We'd like you to take a look at this photo of Rena Mizunashi.
"The sister of Eisuke Hondo and Rena Mizunashi.
"Are they the same person?"
"The Eisuke is convinced they are not,
"Because they have different blood types."
"The Rena Mizunashi is group AB,"
"While her sister is group 0."
"At the house where we have gone to check the truth,
"We have stumbled upon a new mystery."
Don't miss the next episode,
"The clash between red and black. Blood Binding."
kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete

