"When I was investigating the relationship between the anchorwoman.
"Rena Mizunashi, a member of the Men in Black organization,
"and Eisuke Hondo, Ran's new classmate,
"I discovered that Eisuke's father was employed
"For a company called 'the company',
"And that Eisuke had an older sister who had left home
"10 years earlier and who made the same face as Rena Mizunashi."
"We went to look for Mr. Anno, a great admirer of the presenter,
"and we asked him if the sister of the Eisuke
"And the Rena Mizunashi were the same person."
In fact, we had come to see him.
We have a favor to ask, Mr. Anno.
We would like you to take a look at this picture of the Rena Mizunashi.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
"An intrigue that gives you goosebumps."
"In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!"
"The Eisuke Hondo, who is searching for his sister.
"He will discover a new truth related to blood groups."
"He always discovers the only truth! He looks like a child."
"But he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
BLOOD TIES.
Mm...
The girl in the photo looks like Rena when she was little.
Doesn't she?
It turns out that this girl is Eisuke's sister.
What?
You're Rena's little brother?
Now that I look at it, you have the same eyes!
Could you ask her for an autograph?
What happens is that I'm convinced that my sister
and this presenter are two different people.
Our friend is looking for his older sister,
who left home 10 years ago.
No.
I'm sure it's Rena.
I'm telling you, I'm a fan of hers.
(Eisuke) But...
(Anno) When Rena was starting to appear on TV,
she had a hairstyle that looked a lot like the photo.
You'll see if I show you a video from that time.
It's a recording of the news program
that made her famous.
Attention, it begins.
"We are showing you aerial images of the affected area,
"which looks like a battlefield."
"The number of victims is unknown, but the police estimate...
"that the explosion at the factory could have caused 100 deaths."
"At this moment, the medical services are transporting the victims to the nearest hospital.
"the victims to the nearest hospital."
"The Nichiuri Television journalists who were nearby...
"When this has occurred..."
"We are looking for people with blood group AB! Is there anyone with blood group AB?"
"We need blood donors! Is there no one with blood group AB?"
"I have blood group AB! I have to go."
(Man) "Rena, wait a minute!"
"I am group AB!"
"Wait a minute. But you're hurt too!"
"Yes, but it's no big deal. I'm fine to donate blood."
"Okay, come with me. Let's go inside."
What to say?
She is so generous!
Even when she's hurt she's willing to donate blood.
I don't know anyone like her! She's right.
She was caught in the blast while reporting nearby.
She hurt her arm and needed several stitches.
After she donated blood, she passed out, had a transfusion.
That's a touching ending, eh? Wow!
"I'm feeling much better now, thank you very much."
What do you think Eisuke?
Could she be your sister?
She's not.
Why do you say that?
Come closer to the screen and take a closer look!
I'm telling you this is not her!
"According to Eisuke, his sister said to him...
"God created our blood type because...
"We can share our blood with everyone."
"Assuming it's true that her blood type is the only one compatible...
"With all the others, that is, group zero."

"It is always better to receive blood from the same blood group,
"But in the event that the victim suffers a heavy hemorrhage
"And his life is in danger if he does not urgently receive a transfusion,
"blood of blood group 0 can be used regardless
"Of what is the blood group of the injured person."
"This is the case of the catastrophe we have just seen the video."
"But people of group 0 can only receive blood of the same group."
"If the Eisuke received a transfusion from his sister.
"She also had to have group 0."
"However, the girl in the video claims....
"That her blood group is AB, and then she received a transfusion."
"Maybe her real group was 0,
"and she lied for some reason I don't know."
"In this case, she would be a universal donor,
"But she couldn't receive blood from any other blood type."
"This means that she and the girl in the photo are not the same."
"Then, the Eisuke is not looking for the Rena Mizunashi....
"For her to be his sister, but because she looks so much like him."
Wow.
A teenager who has a sister identical to the Rena Mizunashi?
Yes, he found out that Rena Mizunashi is in the hospital...
because of the accident she had and he's looking for her
for her in all the hospitals in the city.
So it's possible that sooner or later this guy will show up there.
Understood.
And you'll want me to take him off your hands, won't you?
Don't worry, the doctors and nurses who know that the girl...
is admitted here can be counted on the fingers of one hand.
I had no idea that Rena Mizunashi had a younger brother.
In fact, Rena Mizunashi and Eisuke Hondo's sister...
are two people, they have different blood groups.
What?
What do you want to say?
"The men in black have subjected the Rena Mizunashi to a plastic surgery operation
plastic surgery to make her look like Eisuke's sister.
They would do it for some reason related to Eisuke's father.
So, her father is also involved?
What kind of man is he?
I have found out practically nothing yet.
I can only say that he is likely to be a member of the company.
The company?
You don't mean...?
But it's only a hypothesis.
He never said so.
Listen to me, it seems to me that you're getting into dangerous territory.
Is everything all right? Yes, for the moment it's all right.
"Only for the moment?"
By the way, I'd like to check one last thing:
what is Rena Mizunashi's blood type?
The girl's blood type is AB positive.
"I thought so."
"Hey, I'll try to find out four things about her father."
Try not to get into any trouble, got it?
Yes.
Thanks, Jodie.
What'd she say?
Are you sure the Rena Mizunashi and the Eisuke's sister
are different people?
Yes, Rena Mizunashi has blood type AB,
and Eisuke's sister has 0.
If she received a transfusion from her sister, she could not be the Rena.
People of group zero can only receive blood from the same group.
If I am not mistaken, Eisuke was very young when he received the transfusion.
I don't know how much we can trust his memories.
I had already thought about that.
Besides, we also don't know if it's true that Eisuke's group is 0.
You should do something to make sure, Shinichi.
You break her leg and send her to the hospital.
What an animal!
But we should find a way to check it out.
We should find out why he's looking for the Rena Mizunashi,
and try to dissuade him.
Otherwise, he'll end up attracting the attention of the men in black.
You are right.
They've been looking for that girl for a long time, too.
Yes, it seems so.
They're moving heaven and earth.
And why don't you let Eisuke see Rena Mizunashi?
You know in which hospital this girl is admitted
and, from what you say, Eisuke has nothing to do with the men in black.
No.
I still can't allow the two of them to see each other.
The Eisuke might inadvertently give a clue to the men in black,
and they would surely take advantage of it.
Oh!
Have you woken up yet?

-Who are you? -Don't you remember me?
I'm the woman who accidentally ran you over.
Yes!
I remember.
I'm so sorry, it was my fault.
Don't worry, I was distracted too.
Do you have a headache now?
Are you all right?
-I'm fine. What a rest!
-I'll go tell the metge. Wait, what's your name?
Akemi Miyano.
My name is Dai Moroboshi.
Nice to meet you, Akemi.
Nice to meet you, too.
What is it?
That your father has the address of Rena Mizunashi?
Are you serious?
Yes, Rena commissioned him to investigate a case some time ago.
Isn't that right, Father? Mm?
Yes.
(doorbell rings)
You call and march currents?
And you want me to find out the joker?
You see?
It's silly.
-Mm... (doorbell rings)
(doorbell: ringing) Eh?
(doorbell rings) Oh!
"I've been investigating the case, and in the end..."
Oh!
But it's a boy!
You have to do kindness to make your mother very proud of you.
In the end, it turned out that it was just...
the mischief of a little boy.
Hello! Have you arrived, Conan?
Why didn't you tell Eisuke to come with you?
If you voice it, he'll know for sure if it's his sister or not.
Because I don't have any right to shout without permission the address
of a presenter like Rena Mizunashi.
Besides, I'd be very upset if Eisuke had been deluding herself....
And in the end she finds out that she is not her sister.
I'm telling you, this is not her!
When she saw that video with Rena Mizunashi in it, she was sure it wasn't her sister,
he said it wasn't his sister.
Yes, that's true. "He was right not to go."
"It's very likely that the men in black are watching.
"Rena Mizunashi's house since the girl disappeared."
"If they see the Eisuke Hondo, which looks a lot like the Rena,
"in front of her house, they would notice him and his life would be in danger."
In the end, then, the Rena Mizunashi...
and her friend's runaway sister are two different people?
M-m, this is what the Eisuke says.
Come to think of it, that day....
Before, I... also had a little brother like him.
But I don't think he meant his classmate.
I doubt it, Father.
Besides, it turns out that our Eisuke and the famous Rena Mizunashi...
Have different blood types.
What?
But Ran, just think, not all siblings...
share the same blood type.
But in that video, Rena said that...
I have blood group AB!
People of blood group AB can only donate blood to people of the same group.
to people of the same group.
Eisuke says that, when he was little,
he received a transfusion from his sister that saved his life.
You are right, in order to receive a transfusion from Rena Mizunashi,
Eisuke should have the same blood type, AB.
Hey, Ran.
And what blood type did she tell you Eisuke had?
Well, she told me that...
I'm group zero.
Did you get hurt?
No, I tripped over a bad tile.
What did you do?
It's true!
There is a tile aixecada.
I don't pay attention to these things anymore.
"Yeah... You could say you don't notice anything."
Have you been here long, Eisuke?
He arrived with us a little while ago,
but he said he had to go to the bathroom.
I'm Detective Mouri's number one assistant.
Sorry, unfortunately, I don't have any work to give you right now.
What do you know!
By the way, how come you were talking about my blood type when I arrived?
It's just that we wanted to know what group you had,
we were talking about transfusions and it occurred to us that...
What are you doing? We have to say clearly.
If he has zero blood type, he is not Rena Mizunashi's brother.
I would feel bad if this boy had illusions that he had found his sister
to have found his sister and now we tell him no.
-Really, you have blood group O? -Yes.
-Have you given blood lately? -No, I haven't gone to give blood, but.
Have you been hurt in any way and had to be taken to the hospital?
No, I haven't;
when I was little, I was often taken to the hospital...
because I was in pain or got sick.
The most serious accident I had was in elementary school.
Goodbye!
Ah!
I haven't been in the hospital since I was hit by a car.
Was that when you had the transfusion?

Yes, although I often slip and slip every so often,
but I only get minor injuries.
-Are you serious? -Now that I think about it...
If you're so interested in knowing what blood group I have,
you can come with me to a place tomorrow, they have a test there.
I got a call from a house where my mother worked years ago.
They found some of the mother's things and asked me to come and pick them up.
You mean your mother is dead?
Yes, she died of illness.
Among her things was also my maternity book.
What are we going to do? I won't be able to go.
I have a lot of things to do tomorrow.
The house where the Okudaira family lives
is in district 3 of the Haido neighborhood, it's very close to here.
I also have to go to Okudaira's house in Haido tomorrow.
What? Father!
You've been assigned a case? Yes.
It seems that last year the family's only son
was killed in a rather mysterious way.
They didn't find any clues about the murderer.
Now I have been commissioned,
the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, to reinvestigate the case.
I know... This son was a boy named Tango?
Yes, this is the name you gave me.
Ostres!
You knew this boy, Eisuke?
We met when I was very young, I only remember his name.
No right, Mr. Mouri!
He told me that he had no case for me!
I meant that I don't have any case that would require
the help of a handyman like you.
It's unfair!
Your mother worked as a maid in this house, Eisuke?
Yes.
We both lived here.
And where were your father and sister?
Father was working in Osaka and my sister had gone to study
abroad, but she came home when she had vacations.
But I only saw my father at the end of the year.
When my mother died,
my father took me to Osaka with him
and we lived together for a while.
Does this mean that you no longer live together now?
No, because father also had to go abroad to work.
Since then, I've been living with some acquaintances.
What an irresponsible family!
First the father leaves, and then the older sister disappears.
Anyway, my father sends me money once a month.
If it isn't Eisuke!
It's been a long time!
Maybe it's been 10 years since I've seen you.
-Mother, how you've grown! -It's good to see you.
I'll give you your mother's things.
But don't stay here, go inside the house.
Kikuyo, please take them inside.
Yes, ma'am.
Kikuyo is the maid we took in when your mother died.
She's a little surly, but she's a very good person.
Excuse me.
Oh, my goodness!
Are you also a friend of the Eisuke?
No, actually I'm Kogoro Mouri.
Her husband hired me to investigate a case.
Ah!
If it isn't the famous detective!
My husband has spoken very highly of you.
How nice! -Very well.
I will accompany Mr. Mouri in my husband's office.
You accompany Eisuke and his friends in the living room.
Right away, madam.
Wow!
But you are the same!
Gee, you and your mother look so much alike.
"That's true. On the other hand, she doesn't look like her father."
Look, the maternity book is here.
See?
It says it clearly here.
"Eisuke Hondo. Blood type: 0."
That's right.
This proves that my blood type is 0.
"It's obvious, now all that's left is to check...
"If the transfusion story is also true."
Sorry, the bag is a little damaged.
It's just that it was hidden at the bottom of the drawer in my room.
But I'm glad I found it.
When we showed it to the lady, she recognized it...
as one of the personal belongings of the maid who worked in this house before.
in this house, and decided to let you know.
Besides, it was a year ago today that Master Tango died.
A year?
The lady is convinced that her deceased son
wanted to gather everyone here.
Ah, Mr. butler!
You haven't changed in the last 10 years.
In fact, the butler you knew was my older brother.
Unfortunately, it's been two years today since my brother...
died in a car accident.
-What? - (time) Eh?
Let me get this straight.

That day everyone in the house, except your son, was in the living room watching videos you had recorded,
were in the living room watching videos that you had recorded.
While an intruder entered the mansion and murdered your son,
who drowned in the pool.
Yes;
according to the police,
my son died between approximately 9:00 and 10:00 at night.
The rest of the family and the service were gathered in the living room watching videos for 5 hours, from 7:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m..
watching videos for 5 hours, from 7 to 12.
Now...
Here is a printout of the video I shot when we found the boy's body.
when we found the boy's body.
He is gagged and bound hand and foot.
What a savagery!
Why did you take these images with the video?
The next morning, the maid woke me up screaming...
that the pool was empty and my son was in it.
At first, I thought it was a setup the nano had set up to scare me, but it turned out it wasn't.
to scare me, but it turned out that it was no joke,
my son was really dead.
Do you know anyone who might have a reason to wish your child dead?
Do I know anyone?
Not outside the house, but inside.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Look, Mr. Mouri, I'm convinced of something.
My son was killed by a very intelligent person
who lives in this house, right here.
A year ago, the son of the Okudaira family was killed.
The father is convinced that the murderer still lives in the same house.
What if he was right?
But before we could find out the truth,
we heard a scream and Mr. Okudaira turned up dead.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The scream".

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su

