While we were trying to find out if Rena Mizunashi
and the older sister of Eisuke Hondo were the same person,
we found out that Rena Mizunashi's blood type was AB.
I am group AB!
On the other hand, we went to the house where Eisuke's mother had worked as a maid and confirmed that Rena Mizunashi's blood group was AB.
had worked as a maid and we confirmed
by the maternity booklet that Eisuke had blood group 0.
It clearly states here.
"Eisuke Hondo. Blood group: O".
It is true.
This proves that my blood type is 0.
"It's obvious. Now it remains to check if the transfusion is also true."
Last year, the Okudaira family's son, named Tango,
was unexpectedly murdered in his home.
Here is a printed image, from the video I shot
when we found my son's body in the pool.
He is gagged and bound hand and foot.
What a savagery!
Do you know anyone who might have had a motive to wish your son dead?
Do I know anyone?
Not outside the house, but inside.
Look, Mr. Mouri, I'm convinced of something.
My son was murdered...
by someone very smart who lives in this house.
Someone here killed my son.
(Thunder)
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the midst of darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
A surprising truth related to blood groups.
A scream that breaks the silence!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
THE SCREAM.
Wait a minute!
You say that someone in this house murdered your son?
But, listen, if you yourself have said that, at the time of the crime,
all the inhabitants of the house except your son
were in the living room watching a video you recorded.
How can it be that someone from the family or from the pool service suffocated the pool?
According to the coroner's report, the approximate time of death?
could be between 9:00 and 10:00 at night.
From 7 o'clock in the evening, that is to say, 2 hours before,
until 12 midnight, you were watching videos in the living room, right?
Yes, what you say is true.
But someone in the house killed my son Tango.
I'm sure the killer was among us.
Is there another door in the living room
where someone could have gotten out without being seen?
No, there's only one door.
But someone got up to go to the bathroom while we were watching the videos.
Of course they did!
He could have taken the opportunity to go outside.
No way.
The sink is right next to the living room.
The window is not wide enough for an adult to squeeze through.
So, no one could have done it inside.
But notice one thing.
Look at the photo closely.
Look.
Tango is wearing a white glove on his right hand.
Yes, that's right.
The butler who used to work in this house always wore white gloves like this one
white gloves like this when he took the car to be the chauffeur.
It was two years ago today that he died.
He fell off a cliff while driving.
(Thunder)
Now that you mention it, coincidentally, today also?
is the first anniversary of your son's death, isn't it?
Yes, he's been dead for a year today.
3 days after the murder of my son I found
the office of the butler's other glove;
it was the one on the left hand.
Well, I get it, that is,
the glove that the murderer put on his son fell by chance
and ended up in his office.
No, it was made by someone who resented the death of our former butler.
Resentful, you say?
The cause of the butler's death was an accident, wasn't it?
Yes.
I mean, someone thinks that you and your son...
caused that road accident.
The killer put the butler's glove on your son,
then murdered him and left the other glove in his office
so he'd know that you'd be his next victim.

That's what he meant, wasn't it?
-That's right. What are you two doing here?
Who gave you permission to enter?
We're done here and Conan wanted to ask you
if we could help you solve the case.
May I know who you took me for?
If it's already over, go home!
Oh!
Good to see you, Mr. Kakuzo.
Oh, Eisuke!
What a surprise!
I guess they told you we found some of your mother's things.
Yes, and I came to pick them up as quickly as I could, sir.
What a maid, your mother.
She was remarkable and a very good girl.
She was intelligent and very considerate, and she always smiled.
I'm sorry, sir, I know I'm not...
intelligent, considerate or nice.
Don't worry, I didn't mean to offend you.
I heard that your son, in Tango, died last year.
Yes, my boy;
I sent for Detective Mouri...
to ask him to investigate his murder.
-Please, Segawa. -Yes.
Join Mr. Mouri in the living room.
I'll do it right away, sir.
As you wish.
Kikuyo, can you bring me some more coffee?
-Yes, please.
Let my wife know.
I want you to help me tidy up the office.
When you have finished doing what I have asked you to do,
come give me a hand;
I'd like to talk to you.
Yes, sir.
As you wish, sir.
-Come here, come here, Segawa. -Yes?
How many times do I have to tell you?
Before you enter my office, I want a knock on the door!
You didn't remember to tell the guests, you good-for-nothing?
I'm sorry, sir.
I apologize.
What's that?
You say you want me to help you tidy up the books in your office?
No way!
My husband is a nitpicker and a grump.
He always finds fault with everything I do.
Madam, don't say that about the master.
Today a cardboard box arrived in the mail with a very thick book in it.
and he booed me hard because I was about to open it.
"Don't touch it until I open it!" he said.
He wanted to make some room for the new book
and in the end he had to take the books off all the shelves.
And now he's coming to me to help him tidy up?
Let him do it himself, if he wants to.
-But, madam... Yes, I know what we'll do.
I'll accompany Mr. Mouri in the living room.
You go help my husband.
It's just that I was thinking of doing a maintenance check
on Master Tango's car.
That car hasn't been used by anyone at home for two years.
Why don't you just forget about it?
-But madam! -Let's go.
This way, please.
Go help my husband, you'll check the car later.
This is it.
-This is the living room? -Yes, it is.
There were all 4 of us here that day: my husband,
the butler, the maid and myself.
We were watching a 5-hour video of the trip abroad that my husband and I took last year.
my husband and I took last year.
Why didn't he want to watch the video to his son?
It must have been because in Tango he was always trying to avoid me.
He already knows I'm not his birth mother.
He didn't know.
He didn't know that.
Yes, Tango is my husband's ex-wife's son.
He didn't tell you?
Hey, is it true that my husband considers us all suspects?
Yes.
How could you even think of doubting us,
even if you haven't found the culprit?
This man is a case!
"This is the washroom."
"It's true, no one could get out of this tiny window."
"And in the living room there is no other door through which the culprit
"He could have escaped, this means..."
"That the four people who were here have a perfect alibi."
The truth is that I was surprised that Eisuke,
who was a crybaby as a child, came to us...
to introduce such a beautiful bride.
We are not a bride and groom, us.
No!
You're wrong, she's not my girlfriend!
We came here because we wanted to check Eisuke's blood type,
and he told us that you had called to tell him that you had found
a maternity book with his mother's things in it.
Oi, Eisuke?
Yes.
Why do you want to know, the blood group?
I showed Mr. Mouri a picture of my sister
and he thought she was anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi.
And we've come to undo all this misunderstanding.

Rena Mizunashi's blood type is AB,
but I have 0.
Since I received a transfusion from my sister,
it's impossible for her and Rena Mizunashi to be the same person.
"So, the Eisuke knows why we are here."
That's right, I didn't remember anymore.
When your mother died, Eisuke, your father is coming to look for you,
took you to live in Osaka, where you had a serious accident,
and took you to the hospital.
When I heard what had happened,
I went to the hospital and saw your sister
asleep at your bedside.
I was talking to the nurse
and she told me that she had been transfused with the girl's blood.
It seems that she was willing to give all her blood,
to save her brother's life.
So, you were too?
"This proves that Rena Mizunashi was a good person.
"And Eisuke's sister are different people."
I don't watch TV much.
They look so much alike, the Mizunashi and Eisuke's sister?
Yes.
In fact, they're as alike as two peas in a pod.
But it's all a bit strange.
How can there be two people who are...
exactly alike without having any common bond?
Maybe this has something to do with their disappearance.
Maybe it does. "It's obvious."
"Eisuke expresses his suspicions.
"Because he wants Mr. Kogoro to investigate and find out.
"Rena Mizunashi's true identity."
"His intention is to question Rena about her sister."
"He's afraid that, if he asks her directly,
"She will pretend she knows nothing and run away."
And if you try to talk to someone who has seen...?
It seems to me we should go inspect the pool.
Maybe we'll find out more about Tango's murder.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
As you wish, but it's raining a lot.
Where did you come from, Kikuyo?
You're out shopping?
Yes, I'd run out of milk for coffee and I had to go...
to the neighborhood store to buy some.
You'll have to do me a favor.
Would you like to accompany these gentlemen to the swimming pool?
-I'll take the coffee to my husband. Okay, as you wish, ma'am.
-Very well, thank you. You're welcome.
-It's very dirty! -Yes, it is.
We haven't used it since the terrible accident last year.
It brings back so many memories!
I had played a lot, in this pool.
Ouch, ouch!
What are you doing, Eisuke!
This boy is capable of stumbling where there is nothing!
"You can say it."
It's right up your alley.
I must apologize.
My late son's clothes are the only ones that could fit you.
So, your son was also short and thin like Eisuke?
In fact, I was a little big.
Yes.
At Tango he was working out to build up his muscles.
I just put the clothes in the washing machine, it'll take a while.
By the way, Kikuyo, I went to the kitchen and the coffee wasn't there.
How come it's not there?
Well, I left the coffee pot on and went out to buy milk.
-Segawa! -Yes?
-Did you touch the coffee in the kitchen? -No, ma'am.
Maybe your husband got tired of waiting and came looking for you.
Did you hear that noise?
I think it was coming from your husband's office.
-We'll go and see what happened.
Y-Yes.
Go on.
That fat Chinese vase must be broken.
I'd be surprised if it was.
That vase is an heirloom worth 50 million yen
that Mr. Kokuzo guards like a treasure.
(Thunder) The power is out.
Don't open!
Did you feel it?
Oh! (thunder)
Beloved!
My God! Why did you do it?
Beloved!
Madam, the floor is full of pieces of the broken vase!
-Did you hurt yourself? -No, we are fine.
-Darling! -We'll take it down right away.
Ran!
Call the police and an ambulance.
Hurry up!
Yes.
I'll be right there.
How the hell is this knot tied?
It can't be undone!
"Oh! The edge of the vase."
"It's wet!"
I know very badly, when the ambulance arrived at the hospital
they couldn't do anything, ma'am.
Oh, my God!
Sedes, madam.
Here, ma'am.
Take a handkerchief.
Thank you. Thank you.
If you don't do anything, we'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
Who was the first to find the body?
Let's see, the first ones to find the body were the two of them.
-Kikuyo and Segawa, right? -Yes.

First we heard the sound of something breaking in the office,
We came in and knocked on the door, but he didn't answer.
As we called him from outside and he still did not answer, we turned the doorknob and he said in a loud voice: "No!
we turned the doorknob and then he said in a loud voice: "Don't open!".
Right.
But you opened the door.
Yes, we opened the door.
We thought something bad had happened.
When we opened the door we saw the man
hanging from the ceiling with a rope around his neck.
This means that Mr. Okudaira had hung up
just before you entered the office.
Yes, his body was still swinging when we entered.
The window was hermetically sealed,
it's obvious that it was a suicide.
But why did you tell the victim not to open the door?
I imagine he preferred not to be seen dead.
Apparently, Mr. Okudaira was tired...
of the life he was leading and opted for death.
Him again?
Inspector Megure, look at the pieces of this broken vase...
scattered all over the floor.
It must have been the breakage we heard earlier from the dining room.
It was a 50 million yen vase that he cherished.
My goodness!
Is that true? Yes.
My husband was very proud,
he said that actually it would have been worth 200 million.
The fact that he decided to use the platform pitcher
to commit suicide shows that he was tired of it all.
In any case, the autopsy results revealed...
that in the stomach of the corpse there were traces of coffee and sleeping pills.
Coffee?
Ah, yes.
How come there are two cups? There's one that's mine.
Why did he drink coffee mixed with sleeping pills before hanging himself?
Maybe at the beginning he had the idea of committing suicide by ingesting a considerable dose of sleeping pills.
of sleeping pills, but he didn't succeed and tried to do it...
with the rope hanging from the ceiling.
He glued the knot with glue to make sure it wouldn't come undone.
With glue? Yes, he did.
When we tried to untie it there was no way to undo that knot,
until we finally realized that he'd glued it.
But do you know what motive he could have had for committing suicide?
Can you give us any clue, madam?
-I don't know. Now that you mention it....
Before he died he asked us to come
to talk to him for a moment in his office.
I imagine there must have been something troubling him.
Why did he kill himself if he was going to ask you for advice
to ask you for advice about what was troubling him?
Maybe he thought it wouldn't dissuade him.
Maybe it's not a good time to say it,
but Mr. Okudaira didn't trust any of you very much.
The blood that we have seen flowing from his mouth could have come from a wound
he bit his lips in a fit of rage.
Maybe she didn't want anyone to inherit her precious vase after her death.
after his death.
He preferred to break it than to leave it as an inheritance.
Maybe he did.
After all, this gentleman was a greedy man, wasn't he?
It seems to me that if he used the vase as a platform,
this means that he had already hung himself
when we felt the vase breaking.
He must have been very greedy to call out that of:
"Don't throw him out!", Although he must have already been half drowned.
I'd say you're wrong, Conan.
He didn't say "don't throw it out", he said "don't open".
Oops!
I got confused.
Now that you mention it, it's curious.
How could he have made that scream if he must have been about to suffocate?
It could also be that when the vase broke he had not yet hung himself.
But what if he had committed suicide when he saw that the vase had broken?
He would not have had time to prepare the rope from the noise.
Maybe he did it because of this!
This book is full of blood splatter.
Maybe it was a book she liked and she has committed suicide because it has been stained.
It's called "The Killer from Hell"?
The book is right below where Mr. Okudaira's body was hanging.
What do you mean?
What if they were a message he left us before he died?
What nonsense!
You mean to say that the culprit was the spirit
of a murderer who came from hell?
No, when I said "message" I meant...
that the word "hell" is totally tainted,

and the splashes underneath the title
have the shape of a syllable that could be "ko".
What does it have to do with the syllable "ko"?
What if it is some kind of number?
In fact, we still don't know if it is the syllable "ko" or not.
If we put the book horizontally, the spots can also be read...
as if they were the syllable "y" or "ri".
If this was a message that he left us before he died,
it means that one of the three people...
who live in this house have murdered her.

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
What is the meaning of the message that the late Mr. Okudaira
has left in the book "The Killer of Hell"?
If the murderer is one of the inhabitants of this house,
What is the relationship between this crime and the murder of the son,
who died a year earlier?
Both cases have in common a ruthless trick
that may be the key to solving the mystery.
Don't miss the next episode!
"The clash between red and black. Hell."

