To find out if Rena Mizunashi and Eisuke Hondo's older sister were the same person, we went to the Okudaira family's house.
were the same person, we went to the Okudaira family home,
where Eisuke's mother had worked as a maid.
Thanks to the maternity book that belonged to the Eisuke's mother
and in Mrs. Okudaira's explanations,
we have been able to verify that they are two different girls.
On the other hand, last year a mysterious murderer?
killed the son of the Okudaira family, in Tango.
Today, on the anniversary of his death,
we found the body of his father.
At his feet he has a book splattered with blood
entitled "The murderer from hell".
If this was a message he left us before his death...
it means that one of the 3 people...
who live in this house have murdered her.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
We have the case solved!
Who is the murderer who has come from hell?
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
HELL.
I have to ask you a few routine questions.
Before finding the corpse,
where were you and what were you doing, each of you?
Well, you see, I accompanied Detective Mouri in the living room,
and then... yes,
I wanted to go outside and show you the pool,
but I saw that it was pouring with rain.
So, I asked Kikuyo, who was coming back from shopping,
to accompany the guests and I went to the kitchen
to bring coffee to my husband.
Where did you go shopping? I went to the local supermarket.
To buy milk to prepare the coffee that the gentleman had asked me for.
I have the ticket from the supermarket, if you want to check.
Tingui. It's true.
Do you remember what Mr. Okudaira was doing when he brought you the coffee with milk?
I didn't bring it.
I went into the kitchen, the tray was gone.
If the coffee tray wasn't in the kitchen,
someone must have brought it here.
Before I went out to buy the milk,
I left the tray ready in the kitchen.
So, while you were shopping at the local supermarket, I went to the local supermarket and Mrs. Okudaira spoke,
and Mrs. Okudaira was talking to us,
someone mixed a sleeping pill with the coffee, took the tray...
prepared in the kitchen and took it to Mr. Okudaira.
No!
I didn't touch anything!
I was checking Master Tango's car.
When I finished, I went to the living room,
where the lady was talking to the guests,
and I felt the vase breaking.
It's true, Megure, when the vase broke....
the butler was in the living room with us.
Understood.
Where is this Master Tango you say?
Master Tango was the son of the master,
died in the swimming pool a year ago, killed by an unknown person.
Precisely, Mr. Okudaira hired me...
to solve his son's murder.
I see what you mean.
Apparently, Mr. Okudaira was dying to see the famous Mr. Mouri
to see the famous Mr. Mouri in action.
Look, in this notebook is written:
"At 4 p.m. the sleeping Kogoro show will begin."
You always shuffle everything!
You're a voyeur, Conan.
This means that today, at 4 o'clock, Mr. Okudaira...
was scheduled to meet with everyone in the house...
to solve the crime committed against his son last year.
So the suicide hypothesis is becoming less and less likely, I guess.
Well yes, you are absolutely right.
"A stain! And it's wet."
"It smells like coffee."
"But the table is clean, and there's no stain...
"Indicating that the coffee has spilled."
"How strange!"
How come there are books scattered all over the place?

Maybe your husband was cleaning, ma'am?
No, it's just that today my late husband...
received a book that was bigger than the one he had ordered...
and he had to move the other books to make room.
Yes.
I see what you mean.
And where is this big book that arrived today?
Well...
This one!
It's really bulky!
How come you left such a new book on the floor by the door?
I'd say it was left by the culprit for some specific purpose.
He must have used some kind of trick.
Wait a minute, kid, aren't you Eisuke Hondo?
What are you doing here?
Yes, my mother had worked as a maid in this house.
I was told that they had found some of her things and I came to take a picture.
So, it turns out that your mother is dead?
Yes, she's been dead for 10 years now.
I have a picture of her in the...
Ah!
I fell in the pool and I changed my clothes.
Well, in the pockets of the jacket that you were wearing before
that I put in the washing machine there was no photograph either.
What's that? What?
Maybe it fell out of your pocket when you went to the pool.
Oh, my mother's picture!
My mother's picture!
Be careful!
Yeah, don't worry.
Ah!
Oh! For God's sake!
I told you to watch out!
Ouch!
Give me the picture, Eisuke.
I'll keep it for you.
Thank you, Eisuke!
You're doing me a favor.
"Sure, now I understand everything!"
Try not to lose it, Ran, sisplau.
Do not suffer.
I've wrapped it well, with the handkerchief.
Here, dry yourself a little.
Your face is dirty.
Thank you, Ran.
You should try not to trip so often.
Otherwise, what will your sister think when you find her?
It's all right!
In fact, I've assumed for many years that I'm a handyman,
it's not like it's coming back to me, you know?
I'm sure my sister, when she thinks of me,
the first thing that comes to her mind is: "Eisuke equals disaster".
"Sure! I know what happened."
Hey.
Conan!
Where are you going now? I'm going to see Mr. Kogoro!
You found out something? "Yes, I've found out everything."
"I know who it is who has plotted this cruel murder."
"I know who the murderer from hell is!"
It is obvious that these blood splashes are part of a message
of a message that the victim has left us before he died.
But we still don't know what they mean.
Surely it's a coincidence.
She has bitten her lips before she died and the blood has splattered
the book in a way that, coincidentally, looks like a covert message.
A coincidence?
Excuse me, if these bloodstains are a message...
that my husband left before he died,
does that mean the killer is one of the three of us?
No, ma'am, your husband committed suicide.
Look at him, everything fits!
When we heard the sound of the vase breaking, the maid...
and the butler came running and tried to open the door.
Mr. Okudaira shouted back at them.
It means that, at that moment, although now alive.
Moreover, when they opened the door, his body was still swaying,
so it can only be a suicide.
He himself had broken the vase before committing suicide
because he couldn't bear the thought of anyone keeping it.
So where do you think he hung himself from?
He must have piled up the books that are scattered on the floor
and used them as a platform to... ah!
Ah.
My God, Mouri, are you all right?
No pateixi.
It's about time!
Yes, I've finally figured it all out.
I know the truth about what I was telling you about the pile of books
and the terrible and ruthless crime that has been committed in this office.
I have also found out which one of the three suspects
is the murderer of Mr. Okudaira.
So you are sure that Mr. Okudaira did not commit suicide?
but that someone murdered her?
That's right, Inspector Megure.
"Why does he always end up contradicting himself?"
We tried to reproduce the trick used by the murderer
to make it look like suicide.
-Inspector Takagi. -Yes?
Push this wheelbarrow to the exact spot where the feet of Mr. Okudi's corpse were dangling.
the feet of Mr. Okudaira's corpse.
Yes.
Now, take a few books from the ones scattered on the floor,
make a pile about three feet high on the trolley.
-Sit down - sit down - sit down?

Yes, but be careful not to damage the books.
Oh... Yes.
Well, I'm already seated, Mouri.
Now, Inspector Megure, close the door and place horizontally...
the books that have been left over, forming a row that goes...
from the door to the wheels of the wheelbarrow.
Like this? Yes.
The book on the side of the door should be the bulkiest of them all.
You mean this one?
It's the one that was closest to the door when the body was discovered.
It's all set.
You can just imagine Mr. Okudaira in this same situation
but with a rope around his neck.
Now, just open the door.
It costs a lot.
Vinga.
Do a little more force.
The door pushes the books placed in a row,
which collide with the trolley...
and Inspector Takagi, who is sitting on top of the pile..,
loses his balance and falls to the ground.
But because Mr. Okudaira
had a rope tied around his neck,
he inevitably got hung up.
It makes sense!
Although the beam sit on the pile, he could undo it with his hands.
That's why the knot was glued with glue,
because it could not be easily undone, even if it wanted to.
But you said you were able to undo it, the knot,
when I unloaded the corpse, right?
Yes, I'm sure that anyone, with a little patience and a lot of vigilance,
would have been able to undo the knot without losing his balance,..,
but he couldn't because the man couldn't use his hands.
What do you mean by this, Mouri?
But there were no marks on her hands to indicate that she had been tied.
I should rather say that her hands were occupied.
How were they occupied?
The murderer had made her hold her most precious treasure
with her hands behind her back.
Note the broken rim of the vase.
How Mr. Okudaira's hands were sweating as he held the vase,
the rim is still a little damp.
It's true.
As valuable as this vase was, he wouldn't have let her go
knowing that her life was at stake?
What happened to it, the vase, when you let it go?
It fell to the ground and broke.
And what happened when it broke? He made a hell of a fuss.
Of course, the victim knew that, if he dropped the vase,
someone would be attracted by the noise, open the door and kill him!
Exactly;
that's why, when the maid and the butler tried to open the door,
Mr. Okudaira asked them shouting: "Don't open!".
I understand!
How did the culprit manage to get out of the office once he had the whole mechanism ready?
once he had the whole mechanism ready?
Now I will show you.
Conan, do as I told you.
Right now, Kogoro.
First, he opened the door.
Then, he left the book leaning against it.
He went out through the crack in the door and closed it.
Oh!
So, everything fits!
And he was able to commit a murder that looked like a suicide.
Yes.
Even so, we still have no idea who the murderer might be.
That's right, that.
Do you know why the book that was right in front of the door
was bigger than the others?
No.
Why was it bigger?
The gap must have been wide enough for the culprit to get out.
This means that the murderer was....
The maid, Mrs. Kikuyo!
It was you.
No, it couldn't have been the master!
Mrs. Kikuyo had gone to the supermarket to buy milk
for the coffee I had asked my husband for!
When she left the house, she had already committed the crime.
She knew that Mr. Okudaira would ask her for coffee
so she made it first.
Mrs. Kikuyo mixed a sleeping pill with the coffee,
put the victim to sleep, sat him on top of the pile of books,
put a rope around his neck
and reinforced the knot with a bit of glue.
Then Mr. Okudaira woke up....
and gave her the vase to hold with her hands.
He must have threatened her by telling her that if she dropped it, the vase would break and she would want to break it,
the vase would break and unbalance the pile of books.
He has left the office using the trick of the crack in the door,
and when he felt the vase break,
he came back and pushed open the door.
So that no one would discover his trick, he pretended to stop...

Mrs. Okudaira and scattered the earthen books with her feet.
To tell the truth, you have to admit that it is a well organized murder.
Yes.
If he got tired of holding the vase, he was lost.
And if he screamed for help, too.
Yes.
The truth is that the modus operandi is very similar to the other one.
The trick is almost identical to the one used last year by Tango's killer.
the killer of Tango, the son of the Okudaira family,
who drowned in the pool at the hands of a stranger.
Wait a minute!
There was also a trick?
Yes, but it was much simpler than this one.
All he had to do was to tie the boy's hands and feet, gag him...
with adhesive tape and throw him into the pool full of water.
Throw him, he said? And what was the trick?
Mr. Okudaira's son was about the same height as Eisuke.
To the Eisuke, the maximum level of the water of the pool...
would be about eyebrow height,
but if he stood on tiptoe he could stick his nose out.
The murderer probably promised the victim that,
if he was able to survive for an hour,
he would empty the pool and spare his life.
In this way, the poor boy struggled desperately
to breathe and provided the killer with a perfect alibi.
He left him in the water until he couldn't take it anymore and drowned.
Exactly.
In Tango he was a pretty muscular guy.
Although he tried as hard as he could,
the weight of the muscles caused him to sink.
Am I right, Mrs. Kikuyo?
So, the boy's killer was also her?
Surely.
The modus operandi of the 2 crimes are very similar.
She makes the victim suffer until the last moment.
But you don't have any evidence to prove
that the killer is our maid, do you?
The crimes could have been committed by anyone.
That's true.
The fact that a book was used is not proof of guilt.
Besides, what does it have to do with the message my husband...
left us before he died on the cover of "The Killer from Hell"?
The splashes on the cover do not form any syllables, but an equal.
The message means, "look for a synonym for hell."
Meido, which also means "hell",
resembles maid, which in English is "maid".
On the other hand, there is another much stronger proof....
than this ambiguous message on the cover of the book.
It is Mrs. Kikuyo's right apron pocket.
When Mrs. Okudaira has mocat and has returned the handkerchief to the maid,
she put it in the left pocket of the dashboard.
Later she took out the supermarket ticket from her left pocket and put it back in her left pocket.
and put it back in the same place.
I noticed that she kept a receipt in the same pocket where she had the dirty handkerchief.
where he had the dirty handkerchief;
then a light bulb went off in my head.
And I thought that, for some reason, he must not have wanted to open...
the right-hand apron pocket to the police.
May I, madam?
Inspector!
There's a handkerchief.
It has stains of a substance that looks like coffee.
When Mrs. Okudaira burst into tears,
instead of offering her a cloth handkerchief I offered her a paper one.
There is a coffee stain on the mat,
but the table is completely clean.
When Mr. Okudaira drank the coffee mixed with the sleeping pill, he must have spilled it unintentionally,
he must have spilled it unintentionally, and the maid has dried the table...
with the cloth handkerchief that she has put in her right pocket.
Takagi, take the handkerchief to the analytical department.
If they find traces of a sleeping substance, it will serve as evidence.
Yes.
But why did you kill her, Kikuyo?
What was your motive?
I imagine that the motive for the crime is related to the accident
that ended the life of the previous butler two years ago.
I imagine that this was the reason why in Tango
hadn't driven since then.
-No one touched the car, did they? -Yes.
It's only natural that he never took it again.
What?
Master Tango hit a person while he was driving.
The vehicle that Master Tango was driving that day
was a foreign car that the previous butler used
to fetch Mr. Okudaira.
Master Tango took it without permission and, when he got out, ran over a pedestrian,
ran over a pedestrian and fled.

He begged his father not to tell anyone,
blamed the butler and pressured him to turn himself in.
Two years ago, the butler fell off a cliff.
You mean that accident...?
In order to silence the former butler and remove the bundles from the car, which were the evidence of the crime,
which were the evidence of the crime, they got him drunk...
and threw him off a cliff.
Master Tango confessed everything to me before he drowned.
His father and he had agreed.
They murdered my older brother?
He has chosen the anniversary of death for committing this crime and the previous one?
But how did he come to suspect that it was not an accident?
Because when he fell off the cliff
he wasn't wearing his chauffeur's gloves,
and he always put them on, without fail, before taking his master's car.
Those gloves were a gift I had given him, some time ago.
Hey, Ran!
We are leaving!
Where has this girl gone?
If you are looking for the lady and her friend,
I saw them in the washroom a moment ago, sir.
What's that?
In the lavatory?
Shit!
The mother who...!
How could I not have noticed?
What are you doing?
Wait a minute!
Excuse me...
Hey, you!
Hello.
What's he doing?
Eisuke has come to change because his clothes have gotten dirty,
and undressed in front of me without any shame.
I always changed my clothes in front of my sister at home.
I understand.
Oh!
"What if... this boy...?"

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
That Eisuke Hondo has disappeared?
He told us that he had found a clue about "the company",
where his father worked, and then right after that, we lost contact.
It could be that, apart from the men in black,
"The company" was also looking for Rena Mizunashi.
An international organization is threatening this girl,
who is still sleeping peacefully!
Don't miss the next episode,
"The clash between red and black. In coma".

