(Haibara) How did it all end?
What is it?
What is the relationship between Eisuke and Rena Mizunashi?
Well, taking into account the blood groups,
it seems that the sister of Eisuke Hondo and Rena Mizunashi
are two different people.
According to the maternity booklet, Eisuke's group is 0.
The sister must have the same group,
Eisuke received a transfusion from her, but Rena Mizunashi,
who is admitted to the hospital, is group AB.
So, we can rule out that the Rena Mizunashi is this boy's older sister.
is this boy's older sister.
Yes, Haibara.
I guess...
I think you're hiding something from me.
Don't look at me like that!
If I find out anything else, I'll tell you.
I've always made this face.
Bye.
Bye.
tsumetai soto no ame gaHello!
Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai.
-kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo.
-Ah!
What a beautiful voice!
Yoko is a fantastic singer.
Her voice reminds me of birds.
(Crows: cawing)
These damned demon crows are already back on the railing of the second!
Aneu's-en al carajo!
You little birds!
Get the field in at once!
Oh, these crows.
Why do they call like that?
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
From the Rena Mizunashi to the organization of the men in black!
We will collaborate with the FBI and do everything we can to hunt them down!
Always find out the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
IN COMA.
What are you saying?
That Eisuke doesn't answer?
"Yes, girl! I've called her thirty times and she won't pick up the phone."
"I don't understand what could have..." Hello!
Have you arrived, Conan? "Hey, Ran! How do you feel?"
Something happened to Eisuke?
He won't pick up the phone, the class call chain is broken.
We're making a round of calls to let everyone know that we've cancelled
an activity we were planning to do after the vacations.
How many days has it been since Eisuke has picked up Sonoko's phone?
Since the Christmas vacations started, I guess.
Sonoko says she didn't answer her calls for the first few days.
Eisuke didn't say anything to you in the last few days before the Christmas vacations?
Now that I think about it, he did say...
something, yes, he told me that he had found some clue.
What was it? At the Haido central hospital.
"What? At Haido Central Hospital?"
"It's where Rena Mizunashi is admitted.
"The girl the men in black call Kir!"
"How did you find out?"
"The FBI has the hospital under continuous surveillance.
"So that no one can locate the girl."
"It's not easy to find her."
Conan?
Conan!
Conan? What? You were listening to me, kid?
In this case the Eisuke was not referring to a clue about his sister.
Ah!
Then what was he referring to? His father!
He had found someone who worked in the same company as his father.
What?
The truth is that he was very happy.
He said that maybe his father, with whom he had lost contact,
was also looking for his sister with the help of his co-workers.
"His father's co-workers could be from 'the company'!"
"It could be that, apart from the men in black,
" 'The company' was also looking for Rena Mizunashi."
But then the Christmas vacations began,
and we haven't heard anything from Eisuke.
Perhaps he took advantage of the vacations to get in touch with his father's partner
with his father's partner and went looking for his sister.
Thank you for coming specifically, Jodie.
That's very kind of you.
You're very welcome.
Talking from the hospital is too dangerous.
Besides, I wanted to talk to you too.

Tell me, what did you want?
What kind of trouble have you gotten yourself into now?
It's about Eisuke Hondo.
He went to Haido Central Hospital.
You mean that guy who's looking for a sister
who looks a lot like Rena Mizunashi, right?
That's right, he went to Haido hospital at the end of the year.
He did? Yes.
He showed a picture of his sister, asked about her,
but the staff doesn't know of Rena Mizunashi's existence,
so he had to leave with his tail between his legs.
No, I don't mean his sister.
She had seen a co-worker of her father's at the hospital.
He had seen a co-worker of his father's?
From the company?
Yes.
It's possible that they're also looking for Rena Mizunashi.
But I still don't know what their objective is.
You're right.
If it's true, it's very dangerous.
Maybe the people from "the company"
know us, the FBI investigators.
They don't have a very clear methodology.
Even if they were in a hospital, they would act inconspicuously.
They would attract the attention of the men in black
and give them a clue about Rena.
If they just go through the hospital, nothing will happen.
But if they manage to get in,
I think we'll have to take drastic measures.
Listen, I've had a question on my mind for a long time.
Do you know what this "the company" is?
From what I've heard, it sounds like a regular company.
It's just a figure of speech,
the same way the FBI calls it "the Bureau."
"The company" is a secret intelligence service
supervised by the president that enforces U.S. national policy by gathering information in
U.S. national policy by gathering information abroad.
But this is a description of the activity of.....
Yes, it's the CIA.
-Are you talking about the CIA? -Yes.
This means that Eisuke's father
was a spy working for the United States overseas, right?
In fact, for the moment, this is only a hypothesis.
No, I'm sure.
What? I have to thank you!
I've been looking for him for a long time and now I've finally found him.
What do you mean? His real name is Ethan Hondo.
He's an American of Japanese descent
who went to work for the CIA 30 years ago.
After 3 years, he immigrated to Japan,
got married and started working as a spy.
He didn't find what he was looking for, which I imagine he was,
if I'm not mistaken...
Information about the Men in Black organization.
If we are to believe that the CIA is looking for the Rena Mizunashi,
for some hidden reason, it can only be him.
Isn't it a bit strange?
If Eisuke is looking for Rena Mizunashi,
the member of the organization who got plastic surgery
and she's just like the sister, the CIA should stop him.
It's true, that.
The people in black are looking for her and if they notice him he could be in danger.
And he could be an obstacle for the CIA.
If he happens to be the son of one of its members, I don't understand...
why they haven't intervened.
If they did, they got Eisuke to stop looking for her.
Before the Christmas vacations, Eisuke said that he had found...
a co-worker of his father's at the Haido hospital, and after that, there was no way to contact him,
there has been no way to contact him.
You mean that the CIA told him that... Yes.
He must have been placed under protection at his father's request, I imagine.
I'm sorry, this is impossible.
What?
Eisuke's father, Ethan Hondo, died exactly 4 years ago.
He was killed in an abandoned warehouse in Yokohama.
There was a witness, a homeless man sleeping on the second floor.
(Shot)
He woke up to the sound of a gunshot,
went to see what had happened, and found...
a woman kneeling next to a man lying on the ground.
Then, two men appeared.
They were dressed in black from head to toe.
One was tall and had long hair,
while the other was muscular and wore sunglasses.
In Gin... and in Vodka!
The kneeling woman explained to the men in black what had happened.
She had bitten the man's wrist, grabbed his pistol
and shot him.
She also told them: "I didn't say anything.
You will know if you listen to this man's minidisc."

After a while, another man appeared,
approached the deceased and called out, "Hondo! Hondo!".
"Hondo!", he said to him.
So, the man who called him was also from the CIA?
But if he only called him by his last name,
how come you're sure it was Ethan Hondo?
For the photo of Eisuke's father you sent us.
He showed it to him and confirmed that it was.
That's what he told us.
Who are you talking about? I'm talking about the Akai.
He was the one who discovered that Ethan Hondo was a member of the CIA.
I don't know how he handled it,
but the thing is, he didn't present a single piece of false evidence at the trial.
How is it that the men in black
not get rid of the witnesses?
The homeless man was never seen.
But when the other man went running,
they shot him from the hideout, and set the building on fire.
They thought that if anyone was there they would die in the fire.
As happened to me.
But the most surprising part of the case
is the identity of the woman in the warehouse.
The homeless man was scared, but in the end he explained everything to us.
He told us that the woman who was kneeling next to the corpse
was the same as the anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi.
This means... The Rena Mizunashi...
Yes.
It's almost impossible for her to be the sister of Eisuke Hondo.
If she was, we would have to accept that she shot her own father.
Maybe that girl wanted to pass herself off as Ethan Hondo's daughter
to find out what information the CIA had
about the Men in Black organization.
Then, Ethan discovered her, captured her and she?
killed him before he forced her to confess.
Oh, boy!
I've wasted my time!
I came here with the intention of seeing Eisuke
and ask him directly a few things about his father,
but you say there's no way to get in touch with him.
We should go to Haido Central Hospital.
What?
You too? Yes.
Even if there's a CIA agent infiltrating the hospital,
I can service you because I'm sure he won't recognize me.
Yeah, that's right.
We'll be there in 10 minutes.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
As I told you, the nurse to whom Eisuke showed...
your sister's picture is waiting for us, "leader".
Thank you.
Ep, stop!
I thought your boss was me, Jodie.
You were saying something to me, Mr. Driver?
Anyway, there's something bothering me.
How come this kid named Eisuke has disappeared?
That's why the first thing is to question the nurse who talked to him,
in case she can give us any clues.
But I am convinced that the CIA has him under their protection.
Even if his father is dead, a member of the agency...
must have recognized the son of a former colleague.
In fact, Eisuke only said that he had seen in the hospital
a co-worker of his father's...
"Wait a minute!"
"It was explained to me that, when the Eisuke Hondo was small,
"His father used to take him to that restaurant..."
-Look, it's this one! -You're right, it's this picture!
"His father used to go to that same restaurant
"With his CIA buddies, but..."
"In fact, when he went with the boy, it was always just the two of them."
"This means that the Eisuke did not know
"None of his father's coworkers."
"If his father did not let him meet other members of the CIA.
"How could he have identified one at the hospital?"
"No way!" Come to think of it, he did say....
He said he had found some clue.
"According to the Ran, Eisuke didn't say he had seen anyone,
"but that he had found a clue."
It could well be that he hadn't seen anyone."
"Then how could he have found a co-worker of his father's?"
"Wait a minute!"
"One day, the restaurant, Eisuke's father said to his co-workers:
" 'The dive is coming.'"
"His father was about to infiltrate the organization!"
What's wrong with you?
Yes, this is what the Eisuke said.
"I found a co-worker of my father's," he said.
But did he tell you if he had seen her? No.
At the hospital he found someone who dialed the cell phone
his father's e-mail address
to send messages to people in the company.
To people in the company?

If you didn't see this person, how did you know the address he was dialing?
"By the tones." The tones?
It looks like, when his father went abroad on business,
he would call him on the phone from time to time.
Eisuke felt tones through the phone that sounded like a melody.
Melody? "Yes, it was a nursery rhyme."
(Mobile: key tones)
You say it was the song of the 7 children?
Father, what was this music?
His father told him that, while talking on the phone with him,
he was sending messages with people at work.
"This means the person who saw the Eisuke.
"At Haido Central Hospital...must not have been a CIA agent,
"but one of the men in black!"
What?
You say that one of the men in black has come to the hospital?
Yes, that's right.
But maybe he's gone.
Maybe... he only came that day.
"Where did you get the information? Do you have a reliable source?"
It's Conan Edogawa.
The boy explained to me that an acquaintance of his saw at the Haido hospital
a suspect who marked the address of the organization's leader.
This nano again?
I see you are very close, Jodie.
Anyway we are going to the hospital to interrogate a nurse
who was talking to this guy.
Warn the other investigators to try not to draw attention to themselves,
until we get to the hospital.
If anyone finds out that the FBI agents
have the Rena Mizunashi hidden in this hospital,
it could break the only thread holding us together with the men in black.
Understood.
Mm...
So the only thread...
Still, we won't get anything out of throwing a thread in the ocean.
If we want to catch these guys we have to get them to take the bait.
That's why we have to offer them various baits that they can bite.
We've got to get the hook in the back... of their throat.
Yeah, it was this guy.
Yeah, I think he came in at the end of the year.
He was carrying a picture of a girl.
Was it a picture of anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi?
Yes, he asked me if I knew
if that girl was admitted to this hospital,
but I told him no.
If a celebrity was admitted here, everyone would know about it.
I knew about it!
Eisuke Hondo is not looking for his sister but for Rena Mizunashi.
Anyway, is it true that this boy then disappeared?
It's not that he disappeared: we can't locate him.
That's why I'm looking for her with my teacher and some of her neighbors.
Since Rena Mizunashi hasn't been on TV for a long time,
this boy imagined that something had happened to her
and that she was in a hospital somewhere in the city.
It turns out that he is a big fan of the presenter.
(laughs)
He's spent the Christmas vacations looking for her all over the place
and he's barely had time to go home.
Do you remember if he said anything else? Ah, wait.
Now that you mention it, yes.
I spoke to someone else earlier who wanted to know the same thing.
What was that?
He told me that he had seen a patient
at the hospital who looked like Rena Mizunashi,
and wanted to know if it was really her;
she left me standing on my head!
What face did this person make? I don't know.
I couldn't see her very well. What didn't you see her?
I bumped into someone while running and lost a contact lens.
That's when he appeared and asked me that question.
What was her voice? I don't know...
I'm convinced it was a man's voice, what I don't know is whether...
Oh!
But...
It was a patient who had been admitted at the end of last year.
I know because he was wearing new sandals that had only recently arrived at the hospital store.
that had arrived at the hospital store.
Funny, I only noticed the sandals.
"What?"
Since when have sandals been on sale? I would say...
Since December 18 of last year.
This proves that there is a member of the men in black infiltrated here.
Yes, it seems obvious.
We should immediately move Rena Mizunashi to another location.
Now that we know that one of the men in black is infiltrating the hospital,
it's too risky for the girl to remain in this facility.
But if we move her hastily,
we'll make a considerable stir and they'll know we have her here.
Besides, they won't have much trouble locating her...
if we admit her to another hospital.
It's no big deal.
No t'esveris.

That it's no big deal?
What do you mean, no big deal?
This one who has been posing as a patient and is interrogating
the nurses to try to find out if Rena Mizunashi is here,
he's just started investigating.
He's not sure if the girl he's looking for is here.
-Besides, it's an opportunity. An opportunity?
Yes.
It will serve us to have two threads instead of just one.
You're right, we have a chance to catch him...
before he discovers that Rena is here.
But just think, there must be more than 20 men
who entered at the end of last year!
It will be very complicated to interrogate them all
without the infiltrator knowing that we work for the FBI.
Besides, it would take too long.
If the nurse could remember what day she spoke to that man,
it would save us a lot of work.
I think it was one of the four days between December 18 and 21.
What day?
The school vacations started on December 23rd,
and the Eisuke told her classmates
that he had come to the hospital before the vacation started.
This means that he came before the 21st.
The new sandals went on sale on December 18,
just research patients who were admitted between the 18th and the 21st.
Yes, you are right.
I will try to get a list
of patients who were admitted between the 18th and the 21st.
Now we should try to locate the Eisuke, the boy who has disappeared.
In fact, in the interests of the FBI,
it may be in our best interest to keep the boy missing.
The presence of the son of a NOC could hinder our work.
A NOC? Non Official Cover, abbreviated "NOC".
They are undercover agents who work
posing as civilians and infiltrating foreign countries.
I'm surprised you haven't heard of it, you who know so many things!
Actually, I did, but the word has caught my attention.
Non Official Cover, abbreviated NOC.
The men in black have no reason to let a guy get away who knows the leader's phone number
who knows the leader's phone number and is getting closer and closer.
If you are concerned about the physical integrity of the nano,
you should let him run.
"Who is the infiltrating man in black.
"Who is trying to locate the Rena Mizunashi?"
I'm about to get in touch with him!
"As dangerous as he is, I intend to unmask him."
"And I'll get another lead that will get me closer to the organization."
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The invasion."

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su

