Eisuke Hondo is looking for his sister, who looks a lot like?
Rena Mizunashi of the Men in Black, also called Kir.
We have found out that Eisuke's father
was a CIA spy that Rena killed 4 years ago.
A few days ago, the Eisuke went to the hospital....
where Rena Mizunashi is admitted and has mysteriously disappeared.
To top it all off, we have also discovered...
that there is a man in black infiltrating the hospital.
This guy knows the email address of the gang leader.
He's getting close, and the men want to get him off their backs.
If you're concerned about the physical integrity of a NOC's son,
you should let him run.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
Once we discover the man in black infiltrated in the hospital, a dangerous negotiation will begin!
a dangerous negotiation will begin!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
THE INVASION.
Ah!
Wait, boy! Eh?
I finally found you, boy!
I've been looking for you.
Have you remembered any details of the man who spoke to you?
No.
I rather remembered the guy with the round glasses.
You say your friend's name was Eisuke, right?
Yes, Eisuke.
Ho see?
I knew it!
He's the one who was operated on that time.
Operated?
His face looked very familiar, and I was thinking.
I remembered that he was the guy who had been operated on
at the hospital where I worked before.
Was it a hospital in Osaka City?
When his mother died, Eisuke went to live in Osaka,
and when he had just arrived, he had a serious accident.
No.
He was operated on at a hospital in Tokyo.
But it wasn't this one, it was another hospital.
He was with his mother,
it must have been before this accident you say he had.
His mother, you say?
And what was he operated on, if I may ask?
That poor creature, Eisuke, had leukemia.
I didn't know he had an accident
after that complicated operation!
The truth is that he is not in luck.
Good news!
I have learned that there are only 3 patients
who were admitted to the hospital between December 18th and 21st
without major injuries or serious illness.
This is the first suspect, he was admitted on the 18th....
with a fractured right leg, Mr. Chotaro Shinko.
Forgive me for the poor quality of the photos,
I took them in a hurry, already hidden.
The second suspect is Rikumichi Kusuda,
was admitted on the 19th with cervical vertebrae contracture.
The third has been in the hospital since December 21.
He has acute low back pain and his name is Chug Nishiya.
All 3 requested single rooms
and have yet to receive a single visit.
Whoever the man we are looking for is, it seems that he has not yet discovered
that the Rena Mizunashi is here and that we are keeping an eye on her.
That's true.
If he had already found out, they would come to visit him posing as his friends or family...
friends or relatives of yours to find out how many FBI agents
we have in the hospital and where they are located.
In any case, we should alert the agent guarding Rena Mizun's room...
Rena Mizunashi's room of what's going on.
Show him the photographs and ask him
to memorize the faces of the 3 suspects.
(Door: knock)
- (flow) What?
How is it going? -He's still sleeping.
I'd like you to take a look at these.
Are those photographs?
(flow) What?
You're saying someone from the organization has infiltrated the hospital?
Yes.
These are the suspects.
If any of them come near Rena's room,
try to get rid of him without him suspecting anything.
Whatever happens, don't let him into the room, okay?
Now I'm pressing on his toenail
to provoke a painful stimulus.

If he were conscious, he should react...
by waking up or moving a muscle in his face.
But you see.
Apparently, the girl still hasn't come out of the coma.
We understand.
Anyway, if we were to do the electroencephalogram...
scheduled for 3 days from now, we'd be sure.
I don't think that will be necessary, Mr. Director.
Thank you for coming.
We just wanted to make sure.
The truth is, I'd like you to explain to me what you're up to.
But you saved my life when that group of delinquents
were about to beat me to Los Angeles,
that's why I've decided to trust you and not ask you too many questions.
The hospital director is not aware of the facts either, it seems.
No, I just told him that we work for the FBI and that we have kept the girl's identity a secret.
the identity of the girl, a vitally important witness, a secret.
I can't tell you that the famous anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi
is part of a dangerous criminal organization
that we are trying to bring down and that one of her colleagues has entered the hospital
the hospital, mixed in among the patients, to try to track her down.
The less information he has, the safer he is.
At the very least, it's small comfort to know....
that while this girl is in a coma,
it won't do the men in black any good to know where she is.
They probably won't want to risk
taking an unconscious person out of the hospital.
Anyway, for the safety of the staff and the director,
who is helping us so much, we must avoid...
his colleagues from discovering where he is hiding.
Yes, even if they are not aware of the situation,
we can in no way allow the organization
to harm the people who are helping us.
The problem will come when it comes to finding out which of the 3 suspected patients is the infiltrator of the
the infiltrator of the organization of the men in black.
Under normal circumstances,
we would move them all 3 to another hospital,
and subject them to a thorough interrogation.
Yes, but we are in Japan.
We can't interrogate anyone because we're conducting an investigation
without the authorization of the Japanese police, and we must also not forget...
that two of these patients are completely innocent.
One wrong move, and the organization will know we're FBI,
and, on the other hand, we run the risk of them discovering...
that we have the girl hidden in this hospital.
Listen!
I've come up with a good idea, do you want us to try it?
What's that?
A good idea?
Yes, but it would be wiser if we talked in another room.
If the bad guy sees two foreigners coming out of the same room,
they'll draw attention and he'll suspect they're hiding something.
We go out now that there is no one in the corridor.
We go out, there is no one.
You're right, let's go somewhere else.
Ah.
You come too, home.
What?
Me too?
I'd like us all to hear my plan.
We'll be done in no time.
Come on, let's hurry up. Contact us.
Hurry up!
Ah! What?
It's just that I got a little careless.
I have to go back in, I'll be right back!
What's that?
Did you find it, what you left behind?
No, I didn't.
It seems to me that now I got a little confused.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Ah... On second thought, maybe it's better if you stay in the room.
What's that?
What if he wakes up and there's no one by his side?
What? You're saying you'll talk directly to the three of them?
You mean you'll talk directly to the three of them?
Alone?
If not, he'll smell something right away.
As I'm a child, he won't suspect anything and I'll be able to interrogate him.
It's true that they can't know
that you're a really smart kid and maybe they'll let their guard down,
But do you mean you'll be able to interrogate all three suspects
and identify the infiltrator, without us helping you?
I won't be alone.
You will all help me.
I will record everything with a hidden camera,
so you can later analyze the suspects' reactions.
It would be better if you could anesthetize me by indicating the questions, but...
We will not be able to do so as not to cause interference in the medical equipment.
Look, man, I see that you are willing to risk.
But whether you like it or not, these people will remember your face.

and always more identifies you as "the kid who does the FBI's dirty work".
You will have to protect from various dangers,
and I don't think you'll be able to do it alone.
I am like the hospital director.
I trust you, the FBI agents.
I know you catch these criminals and won't let them get away from you.
Are you ready?
Remember, you have your camera and microphone in your right lapel.
If you see that you're about to get caught....
I know, just call out loud and you'll come to my rescue.
Yes.
We'll start with the first suspect, the patient named Chug Nishiya.
Oh, geez!
But you're the nano who lives with Mr. Mouri!
What are you doing here?
Are you not feeling well?
"It's in Nakamichi, from the soccer club!"
Are they friends of yours? No, and now!
I came to see a friend, but I got lost and had to ask them.
And you, Nakamichi, how come your head is bandaged?
Ah, that's silly, I got hit...
while I was training and I was knocked unconscious.
I thought it was nothing,
but the doctors wanted to keep me under observation for a few days.
I'm sure you tried to do a dive that went wrong,
as usual.
Hey, how did you find out?
It turns out that Shinichi often told me about it.
"What else could you have done to hit your head?"
By the way, what have you seen Eisuke lately?
It turns out he came to this hospital a few days ago.
No, I haven't seen him, in Hondo, lately.
I was admitted 4 days ago, only.
But Eisuke Aizawa,
from the soccer club, came to see me today.
Understood.
It's good that you were able to talk to all 3 of them without any problems.
You have done very well this time, Conan.
It's time to look at the pictures, then.
We'll start with Mr. Nishiya,
who was admitted with acute low back pain.
"What do you want, kid? You have to knock, before you go in."
"Excuse me, sir. I've got the wrong room."
"Ah! Oh."
You fell on the floor? (laughs) Yes, you'll see.
"What did you hurt yourself?" "What a bump!"
"Excuse me, could you get my cell phone, please?"
"What? What a mug!"
"Ah... Oh, oh."
"Sorry, kid, I left you with a screen full of fingerprints."
"It's just that my hands are really sweaty." "Thanks!"
"By the way, sir, do you know how cell phones work?"
"Eh?"
You told me that the infiltrator had sent a message to his head, didn't you?
M-m.
"Sorry, I'm a techno-nerd. I have no idea."
"Wait, I got it! Maybe so..."
"Nano, what are you doing?" "It's just that the curtain is closed."
"If I shake it, the waves will come in and the cell phone will work again."
"Marrec of the devil! Can't you see you're kicking up dust?"
(sneeze) "Cheers!"
"Go on, get out! If you don't want anything else, get out!"
"I'm resting a bit." "Okay."
Next is on Rikumichi Kusuda,
who has a contracture in his cervical vertebrae.
"Ouch!"
"Gee, this is called a triumphal entry!"
"Who are you?" "I'm sorry!"
I've got the wrong room.
Would you do me a favor and pick up my cell phone?"
"Okay, okay."
"Is that your cell phone?"
You did the same thing as before? It's the only thing I could think of.
"Ugh, my neck hurts and I'm having a hard time reaching!"
- "I've got it!" - Eh?
"Stop running up and down like a top!"
"Sorry to bother you! When I saw you in profile you reminded me of someone."
"By the way, do you know how cell phones work?"
"It's just that no matter how hard I try, I can't make a call."
"Ah... I understand a little."
"But you know that in hospitals there is very little coverage and sometimes..."
"Wow, this cell phone doesn't have a battery in it!"
"Ah, of course!"
"Before I came, I dropped it on the floor and must have lost the battery."
"Wow, I see you like coffee from a can!"
"Yes, I just had it myself."
"Be careful! What are you doing?"
"How bad it tastes to me! I wanted to look at the brand but I've knocked them down!"

"I'll put them back where they were right away."
The last patient is Mr. Chotaro Shinko,
who has a fractured right leg.
"Pick up that thing you dropped? Wow!"
"Just when my leg is broken!"
"But it's a cell phone, that!"
"You'll have to pick it up yourself!"
"Why?"
"There are two things I can't stand: insects and cell phones."
"Oh... Now that you're talking about insects..."
"You have something there, just above your left shoulder."
"Looks like a spider to me!" "A spider?"
"What do you say! May I know where you see it, boy?"
"Oh... Oh!"
"Now I understand everything."
"The doctors told you to come and spy on me, didn't they?"
He got out of bed!
"Then go back to the doctor who made you come here!
"And tell him that my leg hasn't healed yet,
"and I don't want X-rays, they're very harmful."
"All I want is a doctor's certificate, okay?"
"Well, spread the fog right now, man!"
Ah!
The three sick people seem to be hiding something.
Yes.
We should keep an eye on them for a few days and see what's going on.
No.
Just keep an eye on one of the suspects.
Right?
You okay with that, kid?
Yes.
Hey, Shu, are you sure, it will be enough...
to watch just one of the 3 suspects?
Yes.
The boy has solved the mystery, and I know perfectly well...
which of the 3 is the man in black infiltrator.
Wow!
And how did you find out?
The only thing he's done in Conan is to stumble in front of all 3
and ask them to pick up his cell phone.
He then asked them if they knew how to use it,
made the room a bit messy and pissed them off.
How could you deduce which of them was the infiltrator?
In fact, there was only one of the 3 suspects...
who openly acknowledged that he knew how to use a cell phone.
But if he wanted to hide his identity, he would have said...
that he didn't know how cell phones worked, like Mr. Nishiya,
acknowledged that he was a technology nerd.
No, James;
Mr. Nishiya,
the man who was admitted with acute low back pain, is innocent.
The man who entered the hospital posing as a patient in order to
for a patient in order to look for his companion,
Rena Mizunashi, surely could not have back pain.
Moreover, when in Conan has moved the curtain and raised dust,
then Mr. Nishiya pinched his nose with his fingers
to hold in a sneeze, but in the end he didn't succeed.
In other words, he tried not to sneeze,
because he knew that if he did, it would hurt his whole body.
Normally, when you sneeze with full force, your back suffers.
Yes, I try to hold in my sneezes when I'm in front of someone, too,
but I could do it to make it look like his back was hurting.
The only person in the room was an unknown child,
so I had no reason to want to disguise a sneeze.
If he had suspected Conan, he would have made it out of the room
before picking up the cell phone and leaving the fingerprints on it.
You're right, this means that the undercover man must be someone...
who's in the hospital with a fake illness.
Yes, someone who is fully recovered...
but who is trying to extend his stay in the hospital.
By the way, Mr. Shinko is up.
-And he has leaned on his right leg! -Yes.
It's obvious that the fracture in his leg has healed completely,
and Mr. Kusuda's neck didn't seem to be hurt either.
He turned his head left and right freely to look for Conan when he was running.
to look at Conan as he ran around the room.
If his cervical spine was really hurting him
he would have turned using his whole body to the right and left.
Besides, that gentleman usually drinks canned coffees.
Canned coffees?
Yes;
when you drink a canned soft drink,
you have to tilt your head back so you can drink it all, right?
I knocked over the cans to make sure they were completely empty,
and not a drop of coffee has fallen out.

This means that the man has bent his head to wash the photo.
In addition, he told me that he had recently had a coffee,
but there was no can with coffee residue.
This means that we have two fake patients.
One of them is the insider, but what reason does the other one have to stay?
The other is the old man who wants to collect the insurance money.
In this country you don't get paid sick leave
until you have been in hospital for more than 20 days.
That's why he doesn't want to have an X-ray,
he makes it look like he is not fully recovered.
So his only goal is to collect the insurance.
And couldn't he have used the insurance as a pretext?
Exactly, he suspected that the doctors had sent Conan to spy on him.
When the nano discovered that he was fully recovered,
he could've just been disguised as a way to collect the insurance.
Yes, moreover,
he was the only one of the three who didn't want to touch his cell phone.
"I can't stand bugs and cell phones."
Could it be him? It's normal that he didn't want to touch it.
Because I noticed that the older man
had heart problems and was wearing a pacemaker.
Cell phone waves can affect
the functioning of pacemakers, and he didn't risk it.
Anyway, the cell phone was not working,
because I took the battery out before I went in.
How can you be so sure that old man had a pacemaker?
Caram, because he had a lump-shaped scar
just below his left clavicle bone.
It is the scar from an operation to install a pacemaker.
So, when you told him he had a spider on his left shoulder...
you didn't do it to scare him into getting up,
but to check whether he had a pacemaker or not.
Yes!
Then we can rule him off the list of suspects as well,
because he couldn't have used the cell phone
to send a message to the leader of the organization.
Yes.
We only have one suspect left:
the man who feigns dizziness and nausea from a cervical contracture,
and who is extending his stay in the hospital.
It can only be... Rikumichi Kusuda.
"At last we have discovered the infiltrator of the men in black!"
"We've lured him into a trap, and discovered his identity."
"But in Gin he already knows where the Rena Mizunashi is.
"And his companions will try to retrieve it."
"In addition, we will discover an unexpected revelation...
"About the organization and the Akai's past."
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The Awakening."

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete futashikana mono Bakari da su

