The Rena Mizunashi is the only lead we have
to get closer to the organization of the men in black.
Eisuke Hondo has a sister who looks a lot like her.
While he was looking for her, she mysteriously disappeared;
when he was a child, he was operated on for leukemia.
That poor creature had leukemia.
In addition, a member of the men in black has infiltrated the hospital
where Rena Mizunashi is admitted.
I have gone to see the 3 suspects and we have unmasked the infiltrator.
We only have one suspect left:
The man who is feigning dizziness and nausea from a cervical spasm,
which is lengthening his hospital stay.
It can only be... Rikumichi Kusuda.
-L'interroguem right now? -Not yet.
For the time being, we'll keep an eye on him.
If he makes any suspicious moves, we'll be in time to unmask him.
Besides, there is still a small chance that he is a patient like any other patient
a patient like any other who is receiving treatment at the hospital.
Yes, but if he does something strange in a public place,
we won't be able to stop him immediately.
No.
You are both right.
Perhaps it would be more convenient
if we moved Rena Mizunashi to another hospital.
You are right.
I'll go talk to the hospital director right away.
I'll ask him to send me a doctor capable of keeping a secret,
to take charge of the circumstances.
We should get her out of here before she gets caught in Kusuda.
(Jodie) We should take us to the United States.
(James) I don't think that's a good idea.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
The men in black are about to discover the Kir's hideout,
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
THE AWAKENING.
I'll go up to the second floor then.
Yes, thank you.
Do you mind stopping by Mr. Hikata's room?
-I've already anat. And what do the doctors say?
They don't know what to think.
It's obvious that he does comedy, but who knows!
(yawns)
- (doorbell) -Wow!
Mrs. Nezu calls again at the usual time.
It must be another false alarm.
"Mizunashi, Mizunashi..."
- "It's not in this hospital either?" - Hey, you!
-What are you doing here? -Excuse me!
It's just that I'm in the wrong corridor.
In fact, I was looking for the washroom.
To go to the bathroom you have to go to the end of the corridor
and go down the stairs.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh!
Eagerness s!
Go to the bathroom and return to your room.
Here you go.
All right, thank you very much.
But... isn't it a little strange, miss?
You've seen me come in here, at the nurses' station,
with a camera, so you can imagine...
that I wanted to photograph something in here.
However, you didn't reproach me at all.
May I know who you are?
FBI!
Put your hands behind your head, where I can see them, and kneel on the floor!
Oh, my goodness!
What a great surprise!
So, just as I suspected, Rena Mizunashi...
must be admitted to this hospital.
That's right, we didn't want to let you out of our sight...
until we found some more solid proof, but now we have it.
Ow, get down on your knees for once,
before the other patients wake up.
It seems to me that they'll all wake up together anyway...
When I set off this necklace of explosives!
Plastic explosive door!
Nobody move.
One step, and I can blow up the whole floor!
Don't move!
Everybody freeze!
I imagine he'll go back to his room,
erase the footprints and try to escape through the window.
Go around the outside and don't let him escape!
(Motor: starts)
It can't be!
Has he left the emergency room without going through the room?

and took a car that was in the parking lot?
He beat us to it!
Shu!
Come on, hurry up, Akai!
"You have to try to catch this guy,
"before he can contact the organization!"
Okay, but if he's got his cell phone on him,
there's nothing I can do to stop him from alerting his buddies.
Don't suffer!
When he left the room, I grabbed his cell phone...
and dipped it in a glass of water, just in case he took it with him.
Shit!
They never work when you need them!
Didn't you say before that you trusted the FBI?
Yes, but sometimes it's better to be safe than sorry.
If the FBI was watching him that closely,
it was foreseeable that they'd try to arrest him in a hurry.
and that what happened would happen.
You foresaw that too, didn't you, Akai?
Maybe.
Maybe I did.
Oh!
It's in Shuichi Akai!
What is it?
You say she stopped?
You were able to stop her before she had time to warn the organization?
Yes.
He shot himself in the head...
and lost control of the car.
You say he committed suicide by shooting himself?
Then the explosives necklace was a fake.
Are you sure he couldn't reveal Rena Mizunashi's hiding place?
"Yes."
But by now his companions would know.
"What?"
I imagine that the infiltrator was periodically sending in reports
of the research he was conducting at the hospital to the men in black.
If every day the organization received a report,
and all of a sudden it stops, maybe tomorrow we'll have them here.
"They will come!"
Haido's central hospital.
So that's where the FBI has the Kir locked in a cage.
Yes.
Communication with the insider at the hospital has been interrupted.
I asked another informant to go take a look,
and after checking, he explained to me that the hospital...
is crawling with FBI agents who are sneaking something undercover.
They deduced that we had found the Kir and stepped up surveillance.
You all would have been grateful to me.
I'm the one who knew that the Kir had been in a traffic accident
and that she might be in a hospital somewhere.
Yes, but then the FBI took it upon themselves...
to hide the brat who gave you the information.
It was just a child.
I don't think she'd be in trouble even if she'd been set free.
I don't know how we'll get the Kir in there.
Remember the FBI has the hospital under full surveillance.
If we don't get it right, the organization could be exposed.
You're right.
I doubt the FBI will open the doors and let us take the Kir in there
just like that, but there is another option.
What do you mean by this, Gin?
Don't worry, Vodka.
I've taken precautionary measures.
But anyway, be careful, Gin.
Among our enemies is a silver bullet.
(Gin) In Shuichi Akai.
This case will be the perfect excuse to settle
my unfinished business...
with the one who put a lead bullet in my cheekbone.
-Do you want to send him to the cemetery? -Yes. -Yes, I do.
I don't know why our boss is so afraid of him, but he's just a man.
A single silver bullet can't stop a cannonball.
"But there's another silver bullet that points
"At the heart of our organization..."
(laughs)
We have to move it, James!
Now that the men in black know we've got her in the hospital
it doesn't make any sense to keep her here;
there would be no need to discuss it!
Yes, but we haven't even decided which hospital we could move her to.
We can't walk around unconscious all over town without knowing where we're going.
Besides, if we move, we run the risk of being left like a sieve.
What?
Officers guarding the hospital's outer perimeter
have spotted a suspicious silhouette moving across the rooftop,
just above Rena's room.
So, have they arrived yet?
I'll explain the situation to the director and we'll try to do something.
Don't do it.
I don't think it's a good idea.
What?
If you explain the situation to the director and the dung mobilize to collaborate,
they will immediately know that we had Rena Mizunashi hidden in the hospital.
On the other hand, if there is no movement from the hospital people,

there is a possibility that they may think it is an ordinary hospital that has no ties to the FBI.
that has no ties whatsoever to the FBI.
You're right.
As it is, maybe that's the only way...
to protect the director and all the staff.
But you know there are many more patients who can't move!
Now that we know that the organization's men are on their way here,
we can't just wait for them without doing anything and without telling anyone!
No, we won't wait for them.
We will lure them.
We'll lure them?
You want us to leave the girl here and run away?
No.
We'll be ready for them when they come.
When the black wolves come looking for the lost pup,
we'll have them... set up an ambush.
Right now, it's the only thing we can do.
I've called for reinforcements.
When dawn breaks, they'll send us more agents.
I wish we had stopped the infiltrator,
when he was taking those pictures in the infirmary control center.
But we wanted to prevent the organization
from accessing information about patients who had nothing to do with it.
Let it go.
He would have found us out sooner or later.
Conan disabled his cell phone
when we saw him leaving the room.
No, Conan didn't disable her cell phone
to prevent him from contacting anyone in his organization,
but to find out how they were communicating.
It is evident that in Kusuda he would lock himself in his room and send
emails to the organization through his cell phone.
But if espatllàvem him, he would be forced to use?
another method to contact his superiors.
True, if he had used a traditional communication system,
such as a phone booth or an Internet cafe,
we would have found out who he was talking to and how, and once we had stopped him,
we could have impersonated him and continued to send reports to the organization as if it had not happened.
to the organization as if nothing had happened.
Yes, this means that it is not Conan, who has made a mistake,
it's us;
it's the FBI who made a mistake.
None of us have realized that there was this possibility.
Now we should take turns and rest
to receive these guys as they deserve.
If we continue with our nerves on edge,
we'll be exhausted before they get here.
Yes, good idea.
If I come up with any ideas on how to corner the men in black,
don't be afraid, I'll let you know right away.
-What do you think of Shu? -What do you mean?
I get the feeling that he's excited at the prospect...
of those criminals showing up at the hospital.
I'd be fooling you if I said you weren't right.
I think if he could confront the organization head-on,
he could avenge his girlfriend.
His girlfriend?
En Shu's girlfriend was killed by the men in black a few months ago.
It looks like she was involved with the organization in some way.
En Shu said she disappeared when she tried to leave.
And can you tell why he was going out, with this girl, the Akai?
To get closer to the organization.
It is seen that the girl was not at all involved,
but her younger sister was a scientist
who had been working for them for some time.
She was a... scientist? Yes.
The Akai knew his sister, and was establishing links...
with the people around him until he got
to get pretty close to the Men in Black organization.
He infiltrated under the false name of Dai Moroboshi five years ago..,
but he had to quit two years ago,
so he only stayed for 3 years.
The truth is that he moved very well within the organization.
He came in very discreetly and advanced little by little.
He was given the code name Rye,
and he gained the trust of a gang leader,
a man named Gin, who gave him an important job.
"Gin!"
We thought that if we pressured the man,
we could get to the top leader of the gang, so...
that we displaced several agents of the FBI in the place where the Akai
was to carry out the work that had been entrusted to him, but he did not come.
We waited for him until dawn.
The bad guys had found out you were FBI?
Yes.
One of the expected agents made a very serious mistake.

Because of him, Shu had to leave the organization.
And the Akai's girlfriend died that same day?
For the men in black, the girl's little sister...
was a very important person, and they could not risk losing her.
Shu knew it, and decided to stop seeing her, so as not to compromise her.
Although he would have liked to keep in touch with the girl,
both she and her younger sister moved out of the house right after that.
and we couldn't reach them again.
As you can imagine, the men in black could not afford to let a woman live who could put herself in danger....
to let a woman live who could contact the FBI.
They were between a rock and a hard place, so they offered her a job.
If the girl succeeded in doing it, she and her sister could leave the organization,
she and her sister could leave the organization.
But if she failed, then they would both die irrevocably.
Then they could get rid of her,
with the excuse that she had failed in her mission.
However, the girl successfully stole the one billion yen
they had asked her for, so they were forced to liquidate for no apparent reason...
to liquidate for no apparent reason.
And what was the Akai's girlfriend's name?
Her real name was Akemi Miyano, and the code name, Masami Hirota.
I won't forget. "I knew it!"
"She was the sister of the Haibara!"
"So, the scientist was Haibara!"
We have all these details that I told you that,
the day before the robbery, the girl sent a message to the Akai.
She suddenly wrote to her,
when it had been more than two years since they had discovered
that the Akai was an undercover FBI agent.
Although the girl knew perfectly well that the FBI had used her,
I guess she was unable to forget the Akai, because she was in love.
And from the look on the Akai's face,
when he found out she was dead, I'd say he was, too.
Yes.
He hadn't been able to forget either.
Oh!
Ah!
I'm so sorry, it was my fault.
Don't worry, I was walking distracted too.
Does your head still hurt a lot?
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine.
What a rest!
Ah.
I'll go tell the doctor.
Wait, what's your name?
Akemi Miyano.
My name is Dai Moroboshi.
Nice to meet you, Akemi.
Nice to meet you, too.
"Dai..."
"If the men in black let me go, after this mission,
"I'd like us to try again,
"But this time, for real."
Hello.
Can we talk, Akai?
I'm still thinking about it, the strategy to catch the men in black.
You know what's going on?
When we looked at each other, I thought that maybe you and I...
the same idea had crossed our minds to catch them.
Well, well, well!
Go get some rest, kid.
It's gonna be a long night.
We got it.
- (door: knock) - (Bill) Akai!
Urgent meeting.
-A strategy meeting? -(Bill) Yes.
I hope you've come up with a good plan.
Hey.
Wake up, Rena Mizunashi.
I need you to wake up.
How will I know where my sister Hidemi is if you don't wake up?
Don't you feel me?
Wake up!
Open your eyes!
They say you'll soon be taken somewhere else!
You have to wake up first!
Open your eyes!
Hey, hey, hey!
I told you... wake up!
Don't do it Eisuke.
Hey... Excuse me for a moment.
You must be the agent they sent for backup.
Yes.
My name is Andre Camel.
I was just making a call to my wife.
Yeah, I was.
Well, call her later.
We have a meeting.
Yes.
Everything's going smoothly.
"The men in black have mobilized."
"When we put in place the evacuation plan
"That will allow us to get Rena out of the hospital,
"the organization declares war on us.
"At the same time, a series of accidents occur...
"that cause panic in the hospital."
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The distraction."

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete
futashikana mono Bakari da su

