"In Rikumichi Kusuda, the man in black....
"Infiltrated the hospital where Rena Mizunashi is admitted,
"He committed suicide while FBI agent Akai and I were pursuing him."
"The Akai suspects that the organization has discovered where Rena is.
"At the moment in Kusuda has stopped sending them reports."
"The FBI has taken steps to prevent
"The anchorwoman being taken from the hospital."
We'll do what we can, but there are more patients who can't move!
Now that we know the organization's men are on their way here,
we can't just wait for them without doing anything and without telling anyone!
We will not wait for them.
We will lure them.
We'll lure them?
You want us to leave the girl here and run away?
No.
We'll be ready for them when they come.
When the black wolves come looking for the lost pup...
they'll fall into our trap.
"Some time ago, the Akai had been infiltrated to the men in black,
"and I've discovered that he had a relationship with the Akemi Miyano,
"the Haibara's older sister."
(Akemi) "Dai, if the men in black....
"They let me go after this mission,
"I'd like us to try again,
"But this time, for real."
Hello.
Can we talk, Akai?
If you want to talk about how to catch the men in black,
I'm still thinking.
Yes, but when we looked at each other, I happened to think...
that maybe the same idea had crossed your and my minds.
Mm?
Wow!
"On the other hand, the Eisuke Hondo,
"who is looking for his missing sister,
"returned the Rena Mizunashi's room."
Ei.
Wake up, Rena Mizunashi.
How will I know where my sister Hidemi is if you don't wake up?
Don't you feel me?
Wake up!
Open your eyes!
They say you're being taken somewhere else!
You have to wake up!
Ei.
Open your eyes!
I told you to wake up!
Come on!
All right, well... you asked for it!
Don't do it, Eisuke.
Excuse me for a moment.
You must be the agent they sent for backup.
Yes.
My name is Andre Camel.
I was talking to my wife for a moment.
Well, call back later, Agent.
We have a meeting.
Yes.
Everything's going smoothly.
You'll never cease to amaze me, Conan.
Good to have you on my side, Akai.
You too, kid.
Let's talk.
What should we do now, Akai?
Do you feel like getting...
into this dirty war...
and play them all out for everything?
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
Strange things have started to happen in the neighborhood.
All the incidents are related to the hospital!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child.
But he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
tonight and everynight, you'D be mine.
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka
mitsumete in your eyes.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah.
Ai ha furuete beat ni Daka
Kono mama in your eyes oh, yeah.

THE CLASH BETWEEN RED AND BLACK.
THE DISTRACTION.
We have prepared wheeled bunks to transport 3 patients at a time.
If things go wrong, we will use them to distract...
our enemies and flee the hospital with Rena Mizunashi.
Anyway, whatever happens I assure you...
that we will try to avoid this strategy.
-Are there any questions? -Yes, I have a question.
For communication, we can't...
use cell phones or walkie-talkies?
No.
This is a hospital.
The use of cell phones could interfere with the medical equipment.
Besides, cell phones are easy to intercept.
If anything happens, you must tell your team leader by word of mouth.
The leader will leave the building and contact James,
who will wait in the parking lot for instructions.
And isn't it all a bit slow?
If every time we want to communicate we do this ritual,
it will make it easier for the organization to find its partner.
If we already have everything prepared for a possible escape,

I am of the opinion that we should move her as soon as possible.
No, we will make the escape only as a last resort.
The men in black don't know which room we have Rena Mizunashi in,
and any move on our part could be dangerous.
Now they must be watching all the cars leaving the hospital.
If we count on the possibility that they are carrying a thermograph
to detect body temperature,
like the one I had hidden in Kusuda, they will be able to find out how many people are traveling in each car
in each car and they will be able to find us right away.
It is even very likely that they will follow us.
In this case, we would risk running away...
under a hail of enemy bullets.
But if an unforeseen event arises and we cannot communicate immediately...
Contact me via wireless transceivers.
I trust your judgment, okay?
(All) Yes!
I imagine that our enemies won't be entering the hospital armed
and organizing a major commotion.
They don't want the existence of the organization to come to light.
I agree.
They approach slowly and stealthily like a shadow...
and vanish like fog;
that's their way.
Wait a minute!
Where were you?
-The strategy meeting is over! -Don't suffer.
The 3 bunk beds you have prepared
and 3 vans that are in the parking lot,
allowed me to deduce right away what you have proposed.
The strategy is not very good.
But we were expecting it.
Isn't that right, my boy?
Yes.
What do you mean?
You've all gone to your heads?
Besides, Conan,
shouldn't you have been home long ago?
Don't worry, Jodie.
I told them I'd sleep at the doctor's tonight.
And I had a little nap a while ago.
It's hopeless...
Well, boys, it's about time we took our places.
If plans change and we have to evacuate the hospital, let me know.
An experienced driver may be needed.
Shu, listen.
Doesn't this man's face look familiar to you?
He's the agent that headquarters sent us for backup.
Yes.
I don't have much of a memory, but...
I never forget the faces of my enemies.
Good.
It's quite normal for me to remember this man.
He's an FBI agent, like yourselves.
Yes...
But his dog face doesn't give me a good vibe.
Eh? Oh...
-Are you all right, Shu? -Yes, yes.
You haven't slept tonight, have you?
You make huge glasses.
"This is nothing new."
All right, I'll go out for some fresh air...
taking advantage of the fact that it's my turn to keep watch outside.
I thought so, Shu is obsessed...
with the idea of catching his girlfriend's killers.
Yeah, but it's in our best interest that the guy takes this mission seriously.
He's been undercover in the organization
and he knows their modus operandi.
For those in black, he is an enemy they want to eliminate as soon as possible,
and for us he is the hidden card that will guarantee us victory.
Hey.
Hey, sir!
Are you all right, sir?
I have a stomach ache!
Excuse me, sir!
He is also unwell!
(Public Address) "The Tokyo Circle Line Train
"is about to pass track 4."
"For safety, please wait behind the yellow line."
- (coughing) - Oh, my neck!
-My eyes itch! -What a strange modesty it feels!
Mr. conductor!
Call an ambulance!
"If I don't get the notebook back at once, all souls will die!"
- (doorbell)
(Public Address) "A fire has broken out."
"Evacuate the room following the instructions of our staff."
(Sirens)
(Sirens far away)
(Sirens far away) What's going on?
(Woman) What?
Mr. James Black?
I'm sorry, we don't have any patients by that name, sir.
He's not admitted to the hospital, I'm told he's a companion.
-I know him, Mr James Black. -Oh.
How nice!
I've come to deliver an urgent package.
Who is this from?
The person who placed the order...
is a gentleman by the name of Rikumichi Kusuda.
Rikumichi Kusuda?
Yes.
Mr. Kusuda... sends this to Mr. James Black.
A... plant?
It's an aquilegia, a plant belonging to the genus Aquilegia.
-The organization sent it to me? -Yes.
They've placed the order on behalf of Rikumichi Kusuda,
his partner who committed suicide yesterday,

so it could only have been them.
We searched the delivery man's bag just in case;
he was only carrying packages he hadn't delivered yet.
But why did they send me these flowers?
The aguilera is originally from Colorado.
They are sure of its success.
It's the symbolism of flowers.
Every plant has a meaning, and this one symbolizes victory.
They have declared war on us.
Haven't they?
Yes.
It seems so, at least.
- (car: braking) -Hold on some more!
We have already arrived at the hospital.
It will be the wounded from the fire.
"I'm at Meyer, from the main entrance."
Here at James.
Has something happened?
"Sick and wounded have crowded the entrance..."
...of the hospital, I can't keep watch or search you!
And now!
What do you say!
(Sirens)
From what the injured say, it seems that there have been...
three serious accidents near here almost at the same time.
-Three accidents at the same time? -Yes.
One by poisoning, one by gas inhalation and one by fire.
-It must have been the organization. Maybe...
They made the gas intoxication and the fire coincide,
but not the food poisoning, which depends on the individual.
Probably they have only used a poison that causes the symptoms.
Their aim was not to cause death or injury,
but to get a considerable number of people
people to gather at the entrance of the hospital.
Moreover, in all 3 incidents the symptoms...
The symptoms presented by the affected persons are practically the same in all 3 incidents:
nausea, malaise, sore throat and stinging eyes.
These are symptoms that are very difficult to detect with the naked eye.
Do you mean to say that the men in black will pose as accident victims and enter the
accident victims and enter the hospital mixed in with all these people?
mixed in with all these people?
Evidently, their only objective...
is to find Rena Mizunashi's room.
If they have used this infiltration tactic,
they'll be able to search the entire hospital and find her right away.
-No.
It's not that.
Wh-What?
-It's not that.
En-Eh?
This tactic would force them to send a lot of men
who would act suspiciously, and run the risk of us, the FBI, detaining a significant number of your agents,
the FBI, would detain a significant number of their agents.
The men in black never take that kind of risk.
So, all this fuss...? - Yeah.
I imagine they have... another target.
(Ticking)
Listen, uh...
Don't you hear a strange noise?
It's coming from your test! Eh?
In addition, it feels louder and louder.
Now that I look closely... you're right.
James, put it down slowly and stand back.
(Ticking)
(Ticking)
A bomb!
How come you haven't registered the test?
S-sorry!
We've only looked at the plant, James.
Besides...
Anyway, with a bomb like this,
they would have only managed to kill several FBI agents.
The national police would have come looking around,
and they wouldn't have been able to search for Rena Mizunashi.
For me, it's a pretty clumsy strategy.
-For you, isn't it? -Yes.
However, we must deactivate it right away.
It looks like an artifact full of traps and quite difficult to deactivate.
It will be much safer if we take it where no one is and blow it up.
If the timer is working properly, though....
it's 31 minutes and 14 seconds to explosion.
Can you handle it yourself, Akai?
-Yes. -No, Akai.
You stay here.
I'll go, I'll take the car...
to a dump about 7 kilometers from here.
That's good.
You can use my car, if you want.
You mean you'll be able to get there before the bomb goes off?
The main streets of the city are jammed...
the 3 accidents that have happened at the same time.
You won't get to the dump with half an hour.
But I know the neighborhood streets well,
and if you let me accompany you, maybe you'll get there sooner.
What are you doing here?
How come you've abandoned your guard post?
The people crowded at the entrance told me that the whole city was jammed
that the whole city was jammed and I came to inform you.
After all, it was near here.
And it was quicker to come and see you directly.
We can't waste any more time talking.
Dispose of the bomb right now.
(Both) Understood.
-It's funny. -You mean this end Camel?

Can't say I have a sympathetic face.
No, I was referring to the pump, James.
It's made in such a way that the timer is immediately visible,
and it makes a lot of noise.
It's obvious that it's been made so that we'd spot it right away.
It's also strange that it doesn't go off for half an hour.
It seems to have been programmed specifically so that the FBI agents who find it would have
FBI agents who found it would have time to get rid of it.
What are they trying to accomplish with a bomb?
I'd really like to know what the hell they're up to.
Are you sure this is the shortest way to the dump?
It's strange!
This street had always been very quiet.
At least, until two years ago.
Two years ago?
By the way, do you have a watch in your trunk, by any chance?
It's just that I've been feeling a very strange "ticking" for a while now.
What's that?
Coi.
You could have told me before!
What are you talking about?
There's no clock here!
I don't know where the noise you heard was coming from, but...
It's gone!
If you don't get in, I'll leave you here.
Who gave you permission to sit in the driver's seat?
I just didn't like to show you the way from the back seat.
Besides, I'm an experienced driver.
We're running out of time, so we'll have to hurry.
So, the noise from the trunk was just an excuse to make me get out?
Yes, a justified lie.
-Atura't!
What are you going to do? -I'd better catch you.
What?
What are you doing?
Just a moment!
The landfill is in the opposite direction!
We're not going to the landfill, we can't keep up.
What? Anywhere will do as long as there are no people on the edge, right?
Any place will do as long as there are no people on the edge, right?
I need someone to visit my daughter!
You asshole!
I'm here first! Hey.
Have you seen the delivery boys?
(Akai) Yes, there are many.
Gee, what a drag!
(Akai) Oh!
(Akai) I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
"Kusuda! Rikumichi Kusuda!"
Do you feel me, Jodie?
What's wrong with you, Jodie?
- "The bomb is about to explode." - Yeah, easy.
It turns out that Camel's been sitting behind the wheel and now...
May I know why you take the top off?
-The steering wheel!
Take the wheel! -What? -What?
Wait a minute!
"Jodie! What was that noise? Can you hear me?"
Yes!
We just got rid of the bomb.
-Oh.
Oh, good for you, Jodie.
Congratulations, Jodie. "Well, actually..."
Credit to Agent Camel.
If he wasn't an experienced driver, we wouldn't have made it.
What about you guys?
Is everything all right at the hospital?
The Akai and Conan have found a clue that can help us to discover the strategy used by the organization.
to discover the strategy used by the organization.
- (door: knock) -Come in.
Excuse me, sir, I'm from security.
The nurse just brought a package addressed to you, right?
Yes, sir, she did.
That's it.
-The sender's name is Kusuda? -Yes. -Yes, sir.
But the truth is, I've never heard that name before.
May I have a second?
"Oh! It's another bomb!"
-What did you find?
What is it? -Relax, it's just a bug.
It's a new kind of scam that's becoming very fashionable lately.
It was another bomb?
In all the packages there were bombs hidden?
Yes, they are plastic bombs, which, if they exploded separately,
would only destroy one room, but...
if they were to explode a few dozen at a time...
"Destroy the entire hospital!"
"It's four hours before they explode.
"The dozens of bombs that have reached the hospital."
"As FBI agents mobilize
"to retrieve all the bombs, Rena Mizunashi...
"She comes out on TV perfectly recovered!"
"When we discovered the strategy of the men in black..,
"We came up with a new plan to counter it, but..."
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The camouflage."

kimi no heya ni iru to Naze ka
tsumetai soto no ame ga Furu koto ni sae kidzuki mo shinai
kimi no soba ni iru to itsumo
Fuan ya nayami ya ASER mo ichijiteki ni wasurete shimau
aka to kuro ni somatta tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo
aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukaitai yo
yuki doke no ano kawa no Nagare no you ni
tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete
sasurau kareha no you ni
Shizuma sueldo de ukandeiru
mitsumeru kimi igai wa Subete
futashikana mono Bakari da su

