The organization of the men in black turned me into a little boy.
So far, I've tried to track it down whenever I had the chance,
and I've allied myself with the FBI.
Now, we are getting closer and closer to catching the men in black....
thanks to Rena Mizunashi, a member of the organization.
But the men in black have discovered
which hospital their partner is being held in,
and have caused 3 accidents around the hospital
that have been triggered at the same time.
Then, in James, from the FBI,
has received a plant containing a bomb,
and the rest of the patients in the hospital have also started receiving gifts
from a stranger with hidden bombs.
They are plastic bombs that, if they were to explode separately,
would only destroy one room,
but if they were to explode a few dozen at a time...
"Destroy the entire hospital!"
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the midst of darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
A large-scale maneuver through the underground.
Panic grips the hospital!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
Tonight and everynight, you'D be mine!
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka,
mitsumete in your eyes...
Ai ha Maboroshi kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha fururete beat ni Daka,
Kono mama in your eyes...
Oh, yeah!

"The clash between red and black. The camouflage."
Fortunately, the bombs are timed...
to go off at 5:00,
so we still have four hours of neck time.
If we can dismantle the fuse attached to them, we can disarm them and they will be inoperable,
we can deactivate them and they will be rendered useless.
At the hospital I was informed at the last minute
that they have already finished distributing all the gifts that have arrived today,
and that there are about sixty of them.
Now I understand why they wanted the victims of the poisoning and the injured to collapse the hospital.
and the injured to overwhelm the hospital!
If only one delivery man had come with a lot of orders, we should have been suspicious right away,
we would have been suspicious right away.
That's why they had the orders placed with different deliverymen,
"who arrived when the hospital was in chaos...
"And so no one suspected anything."
Anyway, how did they know the names of the patients?
Because of Kusuda.
We caught him in the infirmary taking pictures of the panel
where the patients' names and room numbers are listed.
They must have taken the names of the patients
from the photographs that Kusuda sent them.
Yes.
In any case, we have 4 hours left.
Mobilize all agents,
have them go through the rooms
and collect all the bombs.
Things are getting more complicated by the minute.
I thought the organization
just wanted to find Rena Mizunashi's room.
Yes.
The truth is that we didn't even imagine
that they planned to kill all these people
to impose silence on them.
Oi, nano?
Am I right?
Yes.
You are right.
(Inaudible)
Excuse me, I'm security.
Can I have a second?
I have to check some suspicious material.
Will you excuse me?
Who will be this Kusuda end?
(Door: call)
Excuse me, I have to check that there is nothing strange...
the gift that was just sent to you.
Thank you.
-It's this teddy bear. May I examine it?
Yes.
Hello, king, how are you?
Would you let me look at your teddy bear?
Yes, oh, so much.
Thank you. Thank you.
I'll get it right back to you.
Oh, wow! Oh, wow!
Look, it's the girl from the TV!
(thinks) "The Rena Mizunashi?"
"That's impossible! How can it be?"
"I'm already fully recovered."
"Dear viewers,
"I must apologize to you
"for causing you so much worry."
(Boy) I've never been on TV lately.
Isn't this in this very hospital?
And now!
It can't be!
"I thank you for your patience, friends!"
What?
You say the Rena Mizunashi has been on TV?
Were they authentic images?

(Boy) "Yes! She's been seen on the TV in the lobby and in all the rooms!"
It was in a hospital room, she was wearing a gown,
and she said she was fully recovered.
"Have you received any messages from the agents watching her?"
No.
"There are 3 agents in her room, watching her."
"One of them goes outside every five minutes...
"And he informs me of the girl's condition."
(Boy) "They can't communicate from inside the room, can they?"
(James) "No. The waves could mess up the electronic device....
"That controls the drip to drip,
"That's why inside the room
"You can't use cell phones or walkie-talkies."
Go to the girl's room
and make sure the situation is under control.
"Understood! We all thought the same thing, we'll be right there."
"Right!"
"This was what the organization intended!"
Order the heads of all the groups of agents
to stay away from Rena Mizunashi's room!
What?
I guess... it's too late, now.
What?
That it's too late now?
You mean... the men in black have located the room?
(footsteps approaching)
Mm?
That there's a problem?
Yes.
Rena Mizunashi just went on TV.
-Don't tell me you haven't seen it! -What?
No, I was in the room of a rather serious patient...
who had the TV off.
Besides, I've just joined the investigation,
and I still don't know which room Rena is in.
Do you want me to come with you just in case?
No, you take care of picking up the missing bombs.
There should be at least 10 or 12 left.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
(Thinking) "How strange! What does it all mean?"
Guys!
(Jodie) What happened here?
(Jodie) Oh, no!
But she's here!
Then how come I just saw her on TV?
(Akai) They played us right.
We acted exactly as they predicted we would.
Shu!
What do you mean by that?
These pictures are the statements
Rena made when she was released from the hospital
after she was injured in that explosion
where she was involved.
"Dear viewers,
"I apologize for the trouble I have caused you."
They changed the background to a hospital room
and put her in a gown.
"I am fully recovered."
A few days ago, I went to the home of a big fan of Rena,
who showed me a video with these statements.
But why did they need to manipulate the images and broadcast them on television?
and broadcast them on television?
They wanted all the FBI agents to meet him here.
Since you couldn't use cell phones,
you had to come personally.
Why did they want to gather us in Rena's room anyway?
(Akai) Because they've been looking for her for a while now.
Where are the toys that were distributed all over the hospital?
Tell me what you have done.
Ah... the bombs?
I remove the fuse and put them in my pocket.
When we've picked one up,
we have to go to the next room to defuse another one.
(All) Oh!
You mean, thanks to this...?
(All) Exactly.
Inside these toys, they've installed a device...
even more dangerous than the other one.
(Man: sinister laughter)
They're like flies around the debris.
All running to the same place, eh, Gin?
Apparently, they've been found in room 307 of building 4.
Yes.
Now that we know the room, this will be a piece of cake.
Our main objective wasn't to find the Kir's room.
(Gin) What?
(Gin) The most important thing is for the FBI to realize
that you just revealed the Kir's hideout to us,
so we can put fear into their bodies.
We'll see where they'll fly to... the frightened flies.
A transmitter!
All bombs have a built-in transmitter!
That's right.
This means that everything they've done so far has helped them...
to find out Rena Mizunashi's room number...
through the transmitters.
The plant they sent me
was a first clue about the bombs in the gifts.

They let us discover that they had sent
that they had sent a lot of bombs
because we were eager to pick them up,
and a moment ago they have broadcast the images of the presenter
because we came running here.
-And now you know where she is! -Yes.
They must be watching us with a smile on their lips
as they plan their next move.
Y... what are we going to do?
We'd better not stay here for too long,
and implement the alternative plan we discussed tomorrow.
We'll spread out in 3 vans to try to confuse them
and take Rena Mizunashi out of the hospital.
The agents driving the vans that will be used as bait will
will have to try to distract their pursuers in any way they can.
To find out in which of the 3 cars go, ask Jodie.
Something.
Why don't we move Rena with the car of an acquaintance of mine?
What's that?
In the back seat she'd fit stretched out,
and I'm sure the men in black are expecting
to transport her with a bunk bed
and put her in a rather fat van.
I don't think we'll be spotted like that! It... sounds like a good idea, but...
Then I'll go out for a moment and make a phone call.
Don't worry, he'll be here soon.
Oh!
Thanks, kid, but... we can't let you do that.
This job falls to the FBI.
We can't afford
to involve any more civilians in this case.
Yeah, but it's just that I...
We'll handle it.
(James) For starters,
find the transmitters embedded in the bombs you've collected
and destroy them.
All in a row... - No.
If you wish to destroy them, do so when you have heard what I have to say.
What do you want to tell us, Akai?
It seems to me that this little boy has given me a good idea.
A good plan to trick them
and move Rena Mizunashi to another hospital.
What the hell?
You are right... Maybe that would be the way to distract them altogether.
Yes, I'm convinced it will work.
Thanks for always giving us good ideas, Conan.
You're welcome!
The problem is...
who will drive the car that will transport the Rena Mizunashi.
You are right.
I think it should be someone
who, assuming our plan was discovered...
and we were faced with a totally unexpected situation..,
would be able to adapt to the circumstances.
In addition, this person should know the area perfectly well...
and be an experienced driver.
This... is you, Akai.
You're the only one who can do it.
No.
I'd have to stay out of it.
The first thing the men in black will do is...
follow the car I'm driving.
In that case...
I'll do it.
It seems to me that I am... that person you're looking for.
Wow!
That's what you've managed
to get rid of the first bomb!
I also think that Camel is the most suitable.
Yes.
"Fear of death is worse than death itself"....
The fear of death is much more distressing
than death itself.
Don't be intimidated.
No.
I have been ready to die for a long time.
Besides, I have no relatives to mourn my death.
What? Well, that's all there is to it.
Well, that's all there is to it, you can start now.
Understood.
"My name is Andre Camel. I was just talking to my wife for a moment."
Oh!
One... one moment.
What? What's up, Jodie?
What is it, Jodie?
Uh... No, it's nothing.
Good luck to you.
(Akai) Thank you.
(Akai) Don't make that face.
I promise you that this operation will be finished successfully.
Is... my word not enough for you, Conan?
And now!
On the contrary.
Okay, then, Camel?
I trust you.
The key to success is in your hands.
Yes, I keep that in mind.
If everything goes well, I promise I'll buy you a drink.
Thank you, Camel.
I'm looking forward to it.
(Jodie) Stop!
I've changed my mind.
You'd better not drive this van.
Will you let me take over for you?
I know the route we have to follow.
I don't mind, but I don't want to get into trouble later.
First of all, I have to ask you a question...
(Gunshot)
Car 1, ready to go.
Car 2, ready to go.
Car 3, ready to go.
Car 1, car 2 and car 3, ready...
On your mark, you are ready to go.
Okay. (Beep)
Follow instructions at all times.
We'll leave the lines of communication open.
If you have any questions, please contact me.
(At the same time) Understood.

By the way, something, Camel.
Yes?
Do you know where Jodie is, by any chance?
She said she was coming to find you to talk to you.
Yeah, she came to see me about ten minutes ago.
She said she'd come up with a good way
to escort my van.
What?
He told me to be quiet, took a car and left.
How strange!
How could she not have told me?
I'm sure she was worried, sir.
After all, my car is...
that transports the Rena Mizunashi and the organization's target.
(Woman) It's coming.
It's coming, it's coming!
A navy blue van.
Two.
The third one!
They wanted to confuse us with 3 vans.
Understood.
You, Chianti,
"You will follow the first car."
Roger that.
"Korn, you'll take the second one."
You, Chianti, "You will follow the first car.
Vodka.
- "Keep an eye on the third car." - Roger that.
I'll stay at the hospital and continue watching the FBI.
Maybe all 3 vans are bait.
Once they're caught..,
"Search their insides,"
as instructed.
I'll decide what our target is.
By the way, Gin.
What do you know about our man?
-No.
He hasn't contacted me.
In fact, it was only an alternative that the boss ordered us.
I have not counted at any time, with this man.
(Man) "Camel, is everything okay?"
Yes.
I don't think I'm being followed by any suspicious vehicles at the moment.
No.
Not one.
(Chianti) Gin.
I've caught the first car.
Have you examined it?
Door tinted windows and I don't see the inside of the vehicle.
- "I want to see a picture." - (Chianti) Right away.
Thermography completed.
Sending it to you.
(Gin) According to the thermograph images, there are 9 people.
It's a perfect match
with the signals we received from the transmitters attached to the pumps.
Don't you see the figure lying on the back seats?
(Chianti) "It could be Rena Mizunashi."
(Chianti) "She's the only one without a transmitter."
(Korn) "I also have a thermograph."
(Chianti) "I'll send it to you right away."
In the second car, which pursues in Korn,
there are also 9 passengers, but none of them have a transmitter.
(Vodka) I'm sending you my thermogram.
In the car following in Vodka there are only two passengers.
Both have transmitters.
(Chianti) "Make up your mind, Gin."
(Chianti) "If not, the rifle on my back..."
will lose its cool and shoot itself.
It seems to me that, for the moment, we should discard this car, Gin.
According to the thermography images and the signals from the transmitters,
both passengers are FBI agents.
If they continue in this direction,
they will make the full circle and end up back at the hospital.
(Vermouth) "Clearly this car is bait."
(Vermouth) "I got it, Gin!"
I finally found... Shuichi Akai's Chevrolet.
It's about time you found it, Vermouth.
You had direct orders from our commander.
I'm sorry, kid.
It seems to me that Shuichi Akai must have smelled it already,
because he had the car parked a kilometer away.
Vermouth, where is it now?
"He has left Haido Park behind and has just entered the Beika neighborhood."
"The vehicle he has closest is number 2,
"The van he's chasing in Korn."
They are 200 meters apart.
"It must be the car following in Korn! The Akai is escorting it."
"Long hair dyed platinum blonde."
"It's the Vermouth!"
She's finally out, this one!
Oh, my goodness!
She has accelerated to full throttle.
If she continues at this rate,
in a minute he'll have caught car number 2.
They will have noticed that Korn is following him very closely.
Car 2 is the good one!
I will change direction and go to help at Korn.
I will also meet up with en Korn.
It doesn't make any sense for me to continue chasing a decoy.
When the Akai arrives, I'll shoot him.
Wait, Korn.
At the next junction, change direction.
(Chianti) "Why?"
"You'll give up taking back the Kir because you're afraid of the Akai?"
No, nothing.
The car we have to watch out for is the third one, which is next on Vodka.
I'm sure that's where the Kir is.
"In Gin has discovered the strategy that we have invented.
"To get Rena Mizunashi out of the hospital."

"But this isn't over yet!"
"My plan will come to light,
"And we will finally discover the relationship between Rena Mizunashi.
"Eisuke Hondo and Ethan Hondo, the CIA spy."
Don't miss the next episode!
"The clash between red and black. The Will."
("Yukidoke no ano ano kawa no Nagare no Younis", Saegusa U-ka in db).

Kimi no heya
ni iru to tsumetai...
soto no ame ni Kizuki mo shinai.
Kimi no soba ni iru to Fuan
ya nayami mo ichijiteki ni wasureteshimau.
Aka to kuro ni somatta
tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo.
Aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukai tai yo.
Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Youn....
Tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete.
Sasurau kareba no Younes shizumisou de ukandeiru.
Mitsumeru kimi igai ha Subete futashikana mono Bakari da él.

