The organization of the men in black turned me into a little boy.
So far, I've tried to track it down whenever I had the chance,
and I've allied myself with the FBI.
Now, we are getting closer and closer to catching the men in black....
thanks to Rena Mizunashi,
a member of the organization they want back.
The Men in Black have released fake images of Rena Mizunashi.
The images have set off alarm bells,
and all the FBI agents have assembled
in front of the girl's room.
We'd better not stay here too long,
and implement the alternative plan we discussed tomorrow.
We'll split up into 3 vans
to try to confuse them and take Rena Mizunashi out of the hospital.
It seems to me that this little guy has given me a very good idea.
A good plan to trick them
and move the Rena Mizunashi to another hospital.
So, we have installed the Rena...
in the van that Agent Camel was to drive.
We thought the plan was a success, but...
No, nothing.
The car we have to watch is the third one,
which is next on Vodka.
I'm sure that's where the Kir is.
What? How do you know?
How do you know?
The Akai would never make a mistake like this.
He's made a few reckless overtakes
and got us to notice the van in front of him.
It's a trap to divert our attention.
A trap?
But, Gin, the seats in the back of the van I'm following...
are not occupied,
there are only two FBI agents in the front seats.
The man driving is an FBI agent,
but the one in the passenger seat is Kir.
(Gin) We thought that they would take her to the van with a bunk bed
and put her in the back seats in a horizontal position,
but they've put a transmitter on her
and made her sit right in the front passenger's seat
to pass her off as an FBI agent.
But the third car van was heading back towards the hospital, right?
This also made me suspicious.
I was surprised the FBI didn't decide to move Rena immediately when we discovered her hideout.
when we discovered their hideout.
This meant they had no choice.
That's why they make it look like they are moving her to another location,
but they had planned from the beginning
to take her back to the same hospital where she had left.
They figured that we wouldn't do the stupid thing
to take her back to the same place.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
An intrigue that gives you goosebumps.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
In this fight, the stakes are high!
At last, the secret of the Kir will come out!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
Tonight and every night, you'D be mine!
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka,
mitsumete in your eyes...
Ai ha Maboroshi kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha fururete beat ni Daka,
Kono mama in your eyes...
Oh, yeah!

"The clash between red and black. The will."
What do you say?
A black Porsche and 4 motorcycles following it?
(James) "You mean maybe we've been spotted?"
Yes, I'm afraid so...
But don't suffer, remember I'm an expert driver.
I'm going to get them off my back!
Ooooh!
"(thump)"
Camel, what was that noise?
(James) "Camel, are you all right?"
Kir!
What happened, Kir?
Did you lose control of the car?
I knew you were coming to rescue me thanks to a communication from the FBI.
When the time was right,
I hit him in the head with the bomb...
and lifted the brake lever.
So, the FBI was keeping you in the hospital,
but you had already regained consciousness?
Yes, I woke up a couple of days ago,
but the FBI thought I was still in a coma.
Now that we've regained the Kir,
we should get me out of here as soon as possible.
Yes.
But first we'll take out this useless FBI guy
who's taken on this job all by himself.
-Kill him.
Come on, Chianti. Okay.
(Chianti: laugh)
Thank your friends in the FBI,

that they have come up with a plan as mediocre as...
An explosion!
He put the bomb in his pocket without removing the fuse!
Maybe the fuse went off by itself
because of the blow when the car crashed into the barrier.
(Wheels: squeaking)
-What happened?
An accident! -Oysters!
Oh, my God!
I'll call an ambulance.
It's getting crowded in here.
Kir, get in my car.
We're leaving!
Everything... went well.
It's perfect.
Well done, Camel!
What?!
You have expressly handed over the Rena to the organization?!
Yes.
That's why we summoned the agent Camel
and asked him to volunteer.
We knew he was an expert driver,
and we wanted him to be the one to drive the van
that was to take Rena Mizunashi out of the hospital.
Then he waited for the men in black to locate the girl....
and allowed them to retrieve her.
The thing is that we had already foreseen that they would guess our intentions
and we let them anticipate.
The strategy was this nano's idea.
Well... I don't get it!
The punch that this bouncer threw at me
that knocked me unconscious was also part of his plan?
Yes, I ordered him to get rid...
of anyone who could jeopardize the success of the operation.
Besides, Camel let the bomb explode...
that they themselves had manufactured
and led them to believe that he had died in the accident.
In reality...
"... he skidded the car...
"So the driver's seat...
"was left on the side of the crash barrier."
"So, he stopped the car in the most convenient place...
"So that he could open the door and escape."
"If he had not been able to leave the vehicle during the explosion,
"The plan would have failed."
You are not a skilled enough driver
"to be able to carry out an operation like this."
Anyway, Rena Mizunashi was the thread...
leading us to the organization.
Why did you let them take him away so easily?
Last night, we made a pact with Rena herself.
She has ceased to be a thread
to become the FBI's fishing rod, gentlemen.
Rena agreed to Conan's plan.
No... You will never cease to amaze me, Conan.
Good for you to be on my side, Akai.
Likewise.
(Door: call)
Go rest, now.
I'll stay here.
Uh... Well, let's...
Let's talk, Akai.
What to do now?
Do you want to get into this war and go all out?
Of course we do!
The first thing we have to do
is to bring in the prince who will wake up the sleeping beauty.
(Camel voice) Hey, Akai!
There's an urgent meeting.
A strategy meeting?
Yes.
(Akai) I hope you've come up with a good plan.
(Camel voice) Hey.
Wake up, Rena Mizunashi.
How will I know where... my sister Hidemi is if you don't wake up?
Don't you feel me?
Wake up!
Open your eyes!
They say you're being taken somewhere else!
You have to wake up!
Come on, open your eyes!
Hey, hey, hey!
I told you to wake up!
Wake up!
Don't do it, Eisuke.
I told you...
never to become a man who hurts others.
Sister!
Yes.
It's me, Eisuke...
Don't ask me any questions and leave at once...
It's dangerous for you to stay here.
Please don't.
It's not true!
You're blood type AB!
I received a transfusion from my sister when I was little,
and I was group zero!
I can only receive blood from donors who have the same group as me,
that is, group zero!
Your blood type changed...
when you had a bone marrow transplant to cure your leukemia.
to cure your leukemia.
They used your sister's marrow
because of a compatibility issue.
It is quite common to use marrow from siblings
because the leukocyte antigens are fully compatible.
Your blood type, which was zero when you got the leukemia, changed when you received the marrow,
changed when you received your sister's marrow,
"Which is blood type AB."
"In short, all this means that, when you were operated on,"
you went from blood group zero to blood group AB.
I... I have blood type AB? Hm.
I'm sure, Eisuke.
A nurse who witnessed your operation at the time
told me that you had leukemia,

and these strange marks that you have in the middle of your chest
are the scars of the punctures that the doctors used to do to you
to check the evolution of your cancer cells.
But... if this is true,
why didn't you... why didn't you tell me everything,
when... you changed your name and became a TV presenter?
Eisuke...
why?! You must know.
Your famous sister...
...is a secret CIA spy.
CIA spy?
But what t'empatolles, boy?
An international spy, she?
But she is not the only one.
Your father was too.
What?
The father too?
Yes.
They infiltrated a criminal organization to destroy her.
"They forced your sister to pass herself off as an anchorwoman
"Because it suited them,
"And she made it look like she was someone else without wanting to tell you anything,
"Because it wouldn't occur to you..."
trying to track her down when you saw her on TV.
In the end, things didn't work out well enough for her and you ended up finding him.
Wait, wait a minute!
I don't understand anything at all!
What kind of organization is that, you say?
(Akai) Stop.
At the moment, this is all you can know.
(Akai) What?
Camel, come in.
Hey, wait a minute!
I was still!
By the way, Akai,
the strategy meeting is about to start.
Close the kid in an empty room and then go to the meeting.
I will add me when you have finished talking to her.
Follow the instructions I gave you earlier on the phone.
Understood.
Hello, Rena.
I guess you know who I am, right?
Yes, I know you.
You're Shuichi Akai, the FBI agent most feared by the organization.
Well, let's get this over with.
I think it's best if we get straight to the point.
Before we begin, I would like...
to explain to me how you found out that I am a CIA spy.
Because the park where you went to interview Mr. Domon
you used the lie detector tactic on me.
Tell me something, were you following me?
No!
I came... by chance.
"It's used to check if a person is lying...
"By observing their heartbeat,
"breathing and pupil dilation."
It's a method often used by the CIA.
And then...
Okay. (Chuckles)
Thank you.
You've helped me.
I'm very grateful to you, kid.
You're going to guess that I wasn't there by chance
and you thanked me so much,
because thanks to my intervention
you should not have killed Mr. Domon.
Besides, there are those words you said, that day, to Gin.
It is to our credit that we are a clandestine organization,
but if we fail, the whole world will discover our existence.
The CIA often uses this phrase too, doesn't it?
But it seems to me that Vermouth also suspected something.
You must not have anything to do... with this, right?
"When he bit the bike with his fist,
"He made a touch-touch similar to the word NOC,
"which refers to secret CIA spies."
It was a way of asking if you're a spy.
We know this because that day, coincidentally,
you were wearing a transmitter and a microphone on the bottom of your shoe.
They were the ones that were used
to solve the case of the boy who rang the doorbell of your house
and was running away.
Wow!
Now I understand everything.
But how did you know my father was a spy?
Once we found out that his real last name was Hondo,
it didn't take us long to figure out the rest.
From the very beginning, this boy suspected...
that he might be a spy for "the company".
What you won't know is what happened to what was my father.
-You killed him, didn't you? -Did I?
You're going to bite his arm
and you're gonna shoot him in the jaw with a gun.
Or... maybe we should say it was all a setup?
All your father, Ethan Hondo, wanted was to protect you.
That's why he left a minidisc
of him questioning you.
He knew that the men in black were about
to discover that you were a CIA spy.
-Am I wrong? -No.
It was my father who planned everything.
I was doing everything I could to infiltrate the organization,
and I didn't realize it.
"In the end, I didn't plan to stay there for long either.
"Besides, my mission as a CIA agent...

"It was to introduce her to my father, who was undercover in the organization,
"a new contact to help her."
"The one before had been killed
"And the flow of information had been interrupted."
I had to fake an accident and make it look like I was dying
in order to leave the organization of the men in black.
But...
(Rena) This man will be your new contact.
His name is Barney.
You know him, don't you?
He'll come looking for you right away.
Yes.
By the way, did you make sure you weren't followed?
Yeah, I was taping a show for TV,
but I told them I was feeling sick,
that I needed to rest and I took an hour off and left.
This warehouse is relatively close to the studios,
and when they told me that it would be the next exchange point for the organization,
I thought it would be a good opportunity to meet.
-Have you changed your clothes? -No, I'm wearing the same clothes.
Don't move!
Oh!
Don't exalgerate, father!
They haven't glued anything to my clothes.
Look.
A transmitter.
What is it?
It can't be a transmitter.
They've never put one on me until now!
It's a special model that self-destructs after 24 hours.
It's what they use to control the new members.
(Engine)
It's the noise of a Porsche.
In Gin.
Father!
(Gin) What are you doing?
Hold on!
It's the only way to save your life.
Ah!
Rena, listen to me.
This... is what you're going to say.
You may have noticed that I was behaving very strangely,
and you followed me and harassed me,
but I shot you and subjected you to an interrogation.
But you bit my arm,
you took my gun and shot me in the head.
A shot in the jaw will serve
to justify the blood coming out of my mouth.
I figured something like this would happen.
That's why I recorded a minidisc with my voice questioning you.
It's in the pocket of my jacket.
Suffice it to say... you haven't told me anything.
This is the truth serum.
I'll inject just a little to make the interrogation seem credible.
If you n'inject too much, you could be in trouble.
Never give up, Hidemi.
If you have patience, you will eventually find allies!
Finish the mission I started.
Soon after, Gin and Vodka arrived.
I told them the story the father had made up
and they let me live.
"But then came in Barney,
"They saw him... and they killed him on the spot."
Is that why you took that case of the mysterious phone calls
to Mr. Kogoro?
Because you needed a new contact?
No..., that case was an excuse,
I knew he was a detective and wanted to meet.
But what I wanted to ask him was to protect the Eisuke.
"I had called several times to the television studios,
"And I was convinced that sooner or later he would come looking for me."
I sent Mr. Mouri an e-mail
explaining that, if the Eisuke approached me,
I would fall into the hands of a very dangerous organization.
"I didn't know whether in Kogoro he would believe me or not."
Anyway, I was glad to have met you, Conan Edogawa.
You noticed right away that I had regained consciousness, didn't you?
The other day I came back into the room
with the excuse that I'd forgotten something and was coming to look for her.
"That's when it hit me."
"The wrinkles on the top of the sheet had shifted.
"While there was no one in the room."
By the way, I also found out that your brother Eisuke...
had hidden somewhere in the hospital and was running around here.
Coincidentally, a classmate of Eisuke's named Nakamichi...
is also admitted to this hospital.
I ran into him and asked him if he had seen the Eisuke.
No, I haven't seen him, in Hondo, lately.
But Eisuke Aizawa, my partner from the soccer club,
did come to see me today.
Ah... What do you mean by that?
I only asked him about Eisuke,
but he immediately interpreted
that I was asking him about Eisuke Hondo, and not about Eisuke Aizawa.
"That's why I suspected he knew where your brother was."
That's why I deduced... she must have him hidden somewhere,
maybe in his own room and all.
Wow!

The truth is that you are extraordinary.
Yes.
You always leave us with our noses to the grindstone, too.
What do you want to do now?
The organization will come to try to get me back, won't they?
Yes.
We want to make a proposal.
I don't suppose you'll want to...
to ask me to infiltrate the organization again.
Of course we...
This is... what we want you to do.
"Rena Mizunashi has returned to the organization."
"At last we have found a taut and thin thread...
"that will lead us to the men in black."
"We cannot let our guard down,
"And we'll have to take a thousand and one precautions
"Lest the thread be broken."
"But... Friday the 13th has arrived, the day of bad luck."
Don't miss the next episode!
"The clash between red and black. Suspicion."
("Yukidoke no ano ano kawa no Nagare no Younis", Saegusa U-ka in db)

Kimi no heya
ni iru to tsumetai...
soto no ame ni Kizuki mo shinai.
Kimi no soba ni iru to Fuan
ya nayami mo ichijiteki ni wasureteshimau.
Aka to kuro ni somatta
tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo.
Aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukai tai yo.
Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Youn....
Tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete.
Sasurau kareba no Younes shizumisou de ukandeiru.
Mitsumeru kimi igai ha Subete futashikana mono Bakari da él.

