The organization of the men in black turned me into a little boy.
So far, I've tried to keep track of it whenever I had the chance,
and that's why I've allied myself with the FBI.
The Eisuke Hondo, who was looking for his sister,
ended up at the Haido Central Hospital,
where the FBI had hidden one of the members of the organization
they call "Kir": the Rena Mizunashi.
We managed to unmask Rikumichi Kusuda,
who had infiltrated the hospital to try to retrieve the Rena,
but we couldn't catch him in time.
As a result, we received the merciless attack of Gin and company.
Once we had sorted out the bomb hoopla
that the men in black had spread throughout the hospital,
we tried to move the Rena Mizunashi,
but Gin guessed our intentions
and the men in black were able to retrieve the girl.
But it was all part of a strategy
that the Akai and I had invented.
In fact, the Rena Mizunashi is the Hidemi, the sister of the Eisuke,
and a secret CIA spy.
As a consequence of the bone marrow transplant
Eisuke received when he was a child,
his blood type had changed.
In addition, the Rena did not kill his father, Ethan Hondo.
It was he himself who committed suicide to protect his daughter from the organization's reprisals.
from the retaliation of the criminal organization.
(Shot)
I imagine that you do not ask me...
to infiltrate that damn organization again.
Of course that... This is... what we want you to do.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Goosebump-inducing intrigue.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
Pons end the Rena's comeback strategy?
The suspect of a new case is an FBI agent.
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
Tonight and everynight, you'D be mine!
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka,
mitsumete in your eyes...
Ai ha Maboroshi kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha fururete beat ni Daka,
Kono mama in your eyes...
Oh, yeah!

"The clash between red and black. The suspicion."
Of course!
Now I understand why you have expressly delivered the Rena Mizunashi
the men in black.
So that she can infiltrate the organization again
and can continue investigating as before.
Yes, but she won't work for us,
but will work as a secret spy for the CIA.
So, that punch that she felt...
just before it caused the accident was also comedy?
"(Bump)"
Yes, of course.
The Akai had given me instructions.
I was to pretend that the girl left me stunned
so I could stop the car.
But, to be honest,
I didn't imagine that she would punch me for real.
Of course she did, because I asked her to.
If that hadn't gone well you would have been killed, Camel.
We needed you to have the mark of a punch on your face.
Otherwise, the organization would have distrusted Rena.
Yes, you're right.
Anyway,
you should have explained your plan to us from the beginning!
Yes, ma'am, that's true.
You can't imagine how we felt when we realized that the girl was back in Rena's hands again.
that the girl was back in the hands of the organization.
Well, this is what we wanted.
It was very likely that the men in black...
intercepted the FBI's radio messages.
What?
We wanted it to look like you were in a lot of pain when they got Rena back.
If it wasn't real, we couldn't have convinced them.
We couldn't pretend.
It had to be real.
But even if she's a CIA agent,
how could you have let her walk away like it was nothing?
We didn't just let it go.
We made an agreement.
We have agreed with her that she will pass on to us...
any information she transmits to CIA headquarters.
And you mean she's agreed to this condition?
She can't have.
He has accepted.
But in return she has also imposed a condition on us, as is logical.
That we get your brother into the witness protection program?
Yes.

I will write a letter to Eisuke to accept the offer.
It is the only one I ask of you.
Think that I will have to infiltrate again
in a criminal organization
where there are very malevolent people who suspect that I am a spy.
Very well.
We will take care of your brother's protection.
And another thing.
My first priority
is to continue the mission my father had at the CIA.
If I take any action that might harm the FBI,
don't hold it against me.
We came to see you because we wanted to talk to you about it.
-What? -Right, nano?
The witness protection program?
I guess we could bring in a smart guy who knows...
the e-mail address of the head of the organization.
And what about the staff of this hospital?
Maybe the men in black think they've been supporting the FBI
and helped us hide the Rena Mizunashi.
We have to remedy that.
Don't worry about that.
I'm sure that by now, the Rena Mizunashi...
That we don't retaliate against the hospital?
You want us to forget about the guys who helped... the FBI?
Not this.
But the hospital staff has nothing to do with it.
It looks like the FBI got me in
posing as Agent Shuichi Akai's little sister.
But... but you're a very famous anchorwoman!
They must have said that I looked like me, but I wasn't the real one.
If someone had discovered me,
the media would have made a big fuss.
Naturally, the FBI used whatever resources it had at its disposal...
so that no one could locate my secret hiding place.
What's the matter with you, Kir?
Why are you so concerned about the hospital?
Is there something you want to tell me?
Nothing at all.
The only thing is that, at the end of the day,
the hospital staff saved my life...
and have taken care of me all this time, and I don't want them to die because of me.
Also, if the hospital staff had been involved in the operation,
I imagine that they would have reacted in some way
to know that you guys were coming to try to get me back on my feet.
For the time being, we'll listen to you and forget about the hospital.
-Just... for the time being? -There's something I don't like.
I find it very strange that someone like the Akai
would come up with this half-baked strategy
that has allowed us to recover the Kir easily.
It seems to me that there's something fishy going on here.
-Now that you mention it, the Akai could have killed us.
-Yes, you're right, I thought he would show up to challenge us,
just when we were about to take back the Kir.
Maybe the kid wasn't as smart
as he wanted us to believe.
Wow!
So anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi was a CIA spy?
Yes.
Since she's now infiltrated the organization again as a spy,
it looks like... we finally have some hope...
of defeating the damn men in black.
I see what you mean, Conan,
but try not to underestimate too much.
Especially Gin.
Yes.
I already know that.
Are you sure, you know it?
Yes.
And what else?
What do you know about Eisuke?
Did he agree to enter the witness protection program?
No, it looks like the kid said no,
although the FBI people are still trying to convince him.
I was thinking about it.
I also resigned.
In fact, once you get in, they...
they change your name and your nationality
and make you a completely different person.
I figured the Eisuke would quit, like you did,
and would rather collaborate with the FBI.
Eisuke's a real handyman, but he's a pretty smart guy at heart.
Do you think he'll make it?
I pretend, but he's always doing something reckless.
Don't worry.
Jodie and Akai keep an eye on this kid all the time.
Ah... I'd really like to meet this Akai from the FBI.
Yes?
Why is that?
You have the brain of an adult,
but to the naked eye you're a grade-schooler.
It's not very common for an FBI agent
to listen to the advice of a little... little kid like you.
Oh, yeah... It's just that...
Is there... any reason why I can't meet the Akai?
No, and now!
(Thinking) "I can't tell you!"
Eh!
"I wouldn't say that he started dating your sister.
"To get closer to the organization
"And that, because of him, they ended up killing your sister in the end."

"Maybe his face even rings a bell."
Wait a minute!
Don't tell me he's...!
He's not one of those guys who's attracted to little girls, is he?
Oh! Oh, I knew it!
I knew it!
You're crazy!
These two are already telling each other secrets again!
(Mitsuhiko) Conan just said "goat".
(Genta) Were you sneaking around criticizing us, you guys?
No, man, what nonsense!
We were just talking about the free buffet where we're going to eat.
That's right, that's right!
I meant the goat cheese.
I asked him if there would be goat cheese on the menu.
-Goat cheese? -Huh?
If you eat it, you turn into a goat?
I didn't know there were such dangerous foods!
You misunderstood.
It's a normal cheese, in fact it's very good.
It is a specialty of the free buffet of the hotel where we are going to eat.
- (Genta) Blow! - (Mitsuhiko) Oh, no!
(Ayumi) It's fantastic!
What a pile of food!
And we'll be able to choose the one we like!
Can we eat as much as we want, doctor?
Yes, but if you eat too much, you may get a stomachache.
It all looks so good!
-I'll eat a little bit of everything.
This, this and this too.
I'm done!
These things should be done once in a while.
Yes!
Eh?
The police?
They're coming this way?
Takagi!
Oooh... But it's Conan!
(At once) What?
A murder?
Was it in this hotel?
XXT.
Please do not call so much, it is not yet official!
And who was the victim, if I may ask?
The president of a foreign headhunter's company, who had his office on the 39th floor of the hotel.
who had his office on the 39th floor of the hotel.
His secretary found her.
When she returned to the office,
she found him dead and covered in blood on the chair.
He had been shot in the chest more than once with a revolver.
According to the secretary,
today the president had a meeting with a new talent.
This future interviewee is the only suspect we have.
"The problem is that the president discovered him one day.
"while he was walking around and hired him,
"so his secretary doesn't know his face or his name."
What time is he called to the police, the secretary?
We received the tip a couple of minutes ago,
and the crime was committed 4 or 5 minutes ago.
Since I was investigating a case near here,
I was able to get here before anyone else.
How can you be so sure of the time the murder was committed?
The secretary was two floors down,
in the room the company always uses for storage.
About 5 minutes ago,
the president asked her to go check on something
and, when he called him after a minute to give him the result, he didn't answer,
it turns out that no one answered.
This means that the murderer of this businessman could be at the hotel.
-Isn't that right? -What?
Don't you see that it's been more than 5 minutes since the time of the crime?
Yes, but...
Of the 3 elevators, one is out of order,
and the other one is undergoing a maintenance check.
There is one that works,
but since he has to use them all, it takes a long time to go up and down.
Besides, I'm sure that when it comes down...
it's full of customers from the restaurant on the top floor.
Yes, you're right.
If the elevator is full, he wouldn't have taken it.
What's that?
Why wouldn't he?
Because when you've fired a revolver, you make gunpowder modesty.
It would make sense that he would have tried to avoid
taking a crowded elevator.
Exactly, Haibara.
And this means that the killer may have
may have run up the stairs...
and is eating in the restaurant on the top floor..,
is hiding in the bathroom, also on the top floor above all,
or he is running downstairs to escape.
In any case, if it is a foreign person with talent,
who speaks Japanese... we will find her easily.
When you found President Sunouchi dead,
there was no one else in this room?
No, no one, sir.
And what was it that the president had asked you
to search for in the warehouse?
The president asked me
to locate the files on the young talents
he recruited 10 years ago.
When I finished,
I called him to ask if he wanted me to bring them to him.

The phone rang for a long time,
and in the end no one got through.
And, let's see, do you have any idea, you,
who this new talent might be
with whom the president was supposed to meet today?
No, he had not told us anything.
The president didn't want to introduce him to us
until he had formally hired her.
He did the same thing with me, sir.
What?
So, you're a talent too?
That's right, sir.
But, to tell you the truth, I don't really know how to write Japanese,
he told me to act as his secretary until I learn a little.
But Japanese is very difficult for me, sir,
that's why the president always sent me
his e-mails to me in English.
If we don't have any clues about his name and appearance,
it will be very difficult to locate the culprit.
(Takagi) Inspector Megure!
Mm?
Takagi, have you arrived yet?
Inspector, I've found two suspects.
Two foreign suspects who speak Japanese very well.
Suspects, you say?
Why do you consider them suspicious?
Look.
One of them was hanging around the restaurant area on the top floor,
and the other suspect was hiding in the washroom.
And that, boy... what do you think it is, suspicious?
What's suspicious about it?
It was Conan's idea!
Takagi...
Since the elevators don't work,
Conan says that any foreigner who's near the crime scene
could be the killer.
Have you aired the details of the investigation again?
Yes..., I'm sorry.
I did it unintentionally, as usual...
It's the same thing, man!
We've brought you two suspects, what more do you want?
Don't be so grumpy!
He-he.
Takagi... (thinks) "I'm sorry."
Ahem.
Well, have you only found these two foreigners?
No, actually, in Chiba and the others are searching the staircase.
-Inspector! -Any luck?
I found another one!
It's a foreigner who was running downstairs
and who looked rather suspicious to me.
Please, do me a favor!
(Man) I've already told you that I'm innocent!
We'll see about that, come in!
"Agent Camel! What... what are you doing here?"
Xxxxxxt.
"It's true!"
"The Japanese police don't know
"That the FBI is doing a secret investigation in Japan."
"But what is he doing in this hotel and at a crime scene?"
"And why... is he wearing a tracksuit?"
We have 3 suspects, then.
(Takagi) Yes.
Mr Toby Cairns was hanging around the restaurant area,
on the top floor.
Mr. Hal Wagner was hiding in the washroom on the same floor.
And what was running down the stairs sweaty,
is Mr. Andre Camel.
Stop the car!
What do you mean he was hanging around the restaurant upstairs?
I was just reading the menu
to decide if I would stay for a bite to eat.
Wow!
I see you speak Japanese very well.
Yes, sir, I am the son of an American father and a Japanese mother.
Thanks to them, I can make a living as a model....
I was born with very pronounced features.
Yes...
Do you know a fashion magazine called "Annon"?
Sometimes there are photos of me as a model.
Check it out, Takagi.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
It's true that I was in the bathroom, but I wasn't hiding...
In fact, I was thinking about my student.
Student?
Yes, I'm an English teacher...
at an academy near here.
I happen to be in love with one of my students...
and I was planning to invite her
for lunch at the restaurant on the top floor,
but in the end I couldn't find the words to tell her.
Is that why she was in the sink, white as a sheet?
Yes.
When I'm worried, I lock myself away somewhere.
Well...
To finish,
what were you doing, running down the stairs of the hotel drenched in sweat?
I think it's pretty obvious.
I was training, Inspector!
The stairs in this hotel are the perfect length and the perfect height
for a little exercise.
I need to stay in shape to do my job well.
I used to always try to find time to come here.
Before, you say?
I discovered these scales when I came to Japan 2 years ago.
There's a restaurant at the top, isn't there?
Their specialty is fruit juices.

Even today I remember the taste of those juices I drank after training!
I used to drink after training!
Listen.
Can you tell me what the hell do you do for a living?
Mm?
Me?
You said you needed to get in shape for the job.....
Are you an athlete?
No, and now!
(Mitsuhiko) He can only have one reason to hide it.
This man's profession... must be... professional killer!
(Mitsuhiko) What?
(Mitsuhiko) "My goodness!"
He needs to be in shape
to quickly corner his victims.
I'm sure these ugly wounds
were inflicted by the victim defending himself!
No, these wounds...
What is really ugly is his face!
What is it?
His face says he's a murderer.
What is obvious is that this man is no tourist.
Yes, he is.
Tourists don't usually train when they're on vacation.
No, it's just that this man is...
What were you going to say?
Do you even know him, Conan?
Come on, Conan.
What were you going to say, Conan?
Is he an international wanted criminal?
He doesn't look like a nice person.
Yes!
If he wasn't bad, he wouldn't have to hide from anything.
No, it's just that...
The children are absolutely right, sir.
If you don't speak frankly, you have a guilty conscience!
What do you do for a living?
What do you do?
"I have no choice."
What?
In Camel you have become the only suspect in a murder?
Yes...
It looks like he was training by running down the stairs of the hotel
where there's been a murder of a businessman.
He was training on the stairs of a hotel?
In Camel he is always obsessed with being in shape.
He was already doing it 2 years ago, that.
Yes, that's true.
And it looks like it had been in Japan a couple of years ago.
Nothing happened? -No, nothing.
Now... the most important thing is that you get him out of the mess
this man has gotten himself into.
Can you go right now... in this hotel, Jodie?
Yeah, I can.
Jodie, try not to let the police find out...
that the FBI is conducting an undercover investigation in Japan.
This is done.
Wait for me, Conan.
I'll be right back.
Bye, see you later.
(Akai) Jodie.
(Akai) What?
(Akai) Be careful.
Today... I have a bad feeling.
Ah, you must be saying that because today is Friday the 13th, right?
I don't believe in superstitions like that.
Understood.
"The suspect... and what he suspects."
"Will we have to reveal the truth to undo this terrible misunderstanding,
"Or can we continue to dissemble... until the end?"
"Around Rena Mizunashi, who has returned to the organization,
"The secret battle between the FBI... and the men in black continues!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Clash Between Red and Black. Innocence."
("Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Younis", Saegusa U-ka in db).

Kimi no heya
ni iru to tsumetai...
soto no ame ni Kizuki mo shinai.
Kimi no soba ni iru to Fuan
ya nayami mo ichijiteki ni wasureteshimau.
Aka to kuro ni somatta
tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo.
Aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukai tai yo.
Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Youn....
Tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete.
Sasurau kareba no Younes shizumisou de ukandeiru.
Mitsumeru kimi igai ha Subete futashikana mono Bakari da él.

