The organization of the men in black turned me into a little boy.
So far, I've tried to keep track of it whenever I had the chance,
and that's why I've teamed up with the FBI.
We have arranged for the Kir or Rena Mizunashi
to be our link to the organization,
but we knew it was a long shot.
On the other hand, the president of a foreign headhunter company?
has been murdered at the New Beika Hotel.
There are 4 suspects: secretary Irina Palmer,
English teacher Hal Wagner,
model Toby Cairns
and FBI agent Andre Camel.
Before he died, Mr. Sunouchi left a note....
which the killer took with him.
The note read...
Bring my tux.
"Bring me my tux."
What does the message left by the dying man mean?
At the same moment, FBI agent Akai receives an unexpected call.
Yes?
"This is... Rena Mizunashi."
The men in black are making my life miserable,
and I'd like to leave the organization,
but I need help.
I'll send you a message in a moment indicating the time and place.
Okay.
The call was from Rena Mizunashi, right?
That's right.
She asked to meet me and her alone in a while.
Keep in mind that it may be a trap, Akai.
It would be wiser if you didn't go.
Yes, it would.
I'm aware of that.
But supposing it is a trap,
if I don't show up, it's very likely Rena will be killed.
It's clear that the organization doesn't trust her.
But...
Don't suffer for me.
I've always boasted of having extraordinary intuition, haven't I?
Besides, she's a CIA agent.
I'm sure she'll find a way to get ahead.
Anyway, let me call the Jodie...
and let's take steps to...
What's wrong with you?
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah!
An intrigue that gives you goosebumps.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
The young detectives will utter the magic words to discover the killer.
to discover the murderer.
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
Tonight and every night, you'D be mine!
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka,
mitsumete in your eyes...
Ai ha Maboroshi kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha fururete beat ni Daka,
Kono mama in your eyes...
Oh, yeah!

"The clash between red and black. Death."
This is what you told me in Chiba, Inspector.
These are the results... of the investigation.
Miss Irina can hardly write or read Japanese,
so her correspondence with the president...
was in English.
Mr. Hal teaches English at an academy near here...
and Mr. Toby is a model and works for a fashion magazine.
We have checked all your claims, gentlemen.
As for Mr. Camel..,
we have no way of confirming that he's an FBI agent,
so we'll take Ms. Jodie's word for it.
And that's it for us.
But you should... please wait a little while.
Inspectors, have you figured out what the note means yet?
Uh...?
Actually, we're still working on it, miss.
What note?
You mean the famous "massage" of death?
Watch what you say, Genta.
It's a "message" of death.
Excuse me.
If all we have to do is wait,
could you leave and come back in a couple of hours?
It's just that my English class is about to start, inspector.
-Me too!
I'd like to go to the hotel reception for a moment.
Besides, I have a stack of interviews and meetings to cancel.
Besides, maybe the receptionist knows what the man she was supposed to meet looked like...
the man the president was supposed to meet.
-Yes.
It's possible.
If an inspector accompanies him, I don't think there'll be any inconvenience.
Mr. Hal, I'm sorry,
but you'll have to give up today's English class.
Then I should go talk to the principal...
to explain my absence.

I assure you that the academy is very close to this hotel, Inspector.
Bé.D'accord.
Chiba!
One of you will go with Miss Irina
and the other will accompany Mr. Hal.
Okay, let's go.
Who cares about English lessons and parties when a person has just died?
when a person has just died?
How cold-blooded some people are!
Don't you agree with me, Mr. Inspector?
(Thinking) "Sure, I get it!"
"That's why the murderer took the note."
Wow!
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
I thought Shu could help us
find out the meaning of the message,
but this cell phone isn't working right... and I can't get in touch with him.
Jodie!
If you want I can leave you my cell phone for a few days.
You sure?
You must have messages and your friends' phone numbers.
Don't worry about that.
I have backup copies of all the messages,
and my friends' phone numbers
are all registered on the SIM card.
All you need to do is put in your SIM card
and it will be exactly as if my phone was your phone.
After all, they are both the same brand.
But... I'm sorry... to leave you without your cell phone.
Don't worry.
I have two, I'll use another one.
I'll use another one. Thank you.
In this case, I accept your loan.
It's funny, isn't it?
Its outward appearance has changed and it looks different,
but it's still the cell phone you know
and that you're used to using.
What?
-How? -What's wrong with it, Conan?
Shut up, Genta...
In the end, Camel turns out to be an FBI agent, right?
This means you can't trust appearances.
Of course you can!
Thanks to you!
Thanks to you, I solved the riddle of the note.
Uh... I hate to interrupt you guys,
but if you'd explain it out loud, maybe we'd all understand.
Yes.
Now I will tell you...
the magic words that will... enable you to find the murderer.
Magic words?
You mean with magic words we can find the murderer?
Hm.
But first we should make some preparations.
Preparations?
For starters, bring a chair for each suspect.
What?
And that's it.
It's easy, isn't it?
But, uh... are you sure this will work?
Yes.
It was Shinichi himself who taught me these magic words.
Go on, give it a try.
"If it's advice from in Kudo, I guess I can trust it."
Hey, Conan!
-What are those magic words to find out the killer? -What are those magic words?
-Tell us! -Go on, speak!
Look, guys..., he must stand in front of the suspects and say....
(At the same time) What?
-I don't believe it! -What nonsense, boy!
-If you could find a murderer so easily,
we wouldn't need the police!
"That's why I didn't want to tell them."
Au, now tell us the truth, Conan.
Speak seriously and without jokes.
(Shinichi voice) This is precisely what I intend to do.
(Shinichi voice) Oh!
Takagi! Yes?
Now look carefully.
Would you mind bringing 4 chairs for the suspects to sit on?
But..., Inspector,
are you sure you wouldn't prefer to question the police station?
No.
It's to unmask the culprit.
If you bring me the 4 chairs, she'll get caught.
Yes?
Are you serious?
Uh... I guess... yes.
(Mobile: message tone)
"At 7 o'clock in the evening,
"past the seventh left turn on Raiha Road."
At this hour there is not much traffic on Raiha Road.
It is the ideal place for a clandestine meeting.
Are you sure you know what you're doing, Akai?
Yes.
Don't suffer and trust me.
And also, in Rena.
Akai, son...
I'm leaving.
Take care...
everything else.
Yes... As you wish.
Inspector Megure, we have the chairs ready.
Well, now, please,
each suspect will place himself in front of one of these chairs.
-Do you know what they're up to? -I'm not amused.
Wouldn't it be better if we were questioned separately?
-Anyway, we'll do what the policeman tells us to do.
I guess they won't make us play a game of chairs.
No, don't sit down yet.
Will you say the magic words, Inspector?
Of course he won't!
-If you do, you'll make an awful fool of yourself.
Ahem...
Ahem...
Ahem... Now that you're all 4, we can start.
"If it filled you up"!

(laughter)
-(all) Huh? - (all) Eh?
Eh...?
Oh... (laughter)
May I ask why the hell you've all sat down?
(all) Eh?
Because the inspector asked us to.
"Sit down, please."
This is what the foreigners who are familiar with English...
the foreigners who are familiar with English...
and speak it often.
"Si te llenó" sounds in English... like "follow up, please".
Especially if you are in front of a chair.
I mean..., you look like a foreigner,
but... you are a root Japanese.
Because, if a person who is not familiar with English,
being the phrase "if it filled you up",
will only understand the literal meaning of the expression.
I guess you know what I'm getting at, don't you?
-Is he? -The killer?
The killer? Why?
E-excuse me, excuse me, excuse me, Agent Jodie.
I just don't quite understand it, that's all.
I don't either.
Here's what happened, sir.
The victim was the president
of a new foreign headhunting firm.
Just today, the president was scheduled...
to meet with one of these future foreign talents.
As the police arrived on the scene immediately,
they suspected Miss Irina,
who found the dead body of the president;
Mr. Hal Wagner,
a foreign English teacher at a nearby school,
who was in the hotel after the crime.
Also of the model Toby Cairns....
and of a person who went up and down stairs for training:
FBI agent Andre Camel.
The only clue was the sheet torn from the notepad,
which was on the table.
As we found traces of blood on the president's hand,
the pen and the notepad,
we deduced that the murderer had taken with him a note
that the president had written before he died.
"In the note, we were able to read....
"Because it had been marked on the back sheet, it said: Bring my tux."
Which means, "bring me my uniform."
According to Miss Irina, the secretary,
the president intended to go to a party tonight,
so the note was just a simple reminder
to his secretary.
If the note said this, why did the assassin make him disappear?
Of course he did!
He took it away because he couldn't read English!
What?
The murderer didn't know what the note meant!
He got scared and chose to tear the leaf from the block.
Of course, the culprit shot the president with a pistol.
Then, when he thought that the president was already dead,
he must have been busy looking for... something,
but he realized that the victim had written a sentence in the blog,
and he thought that the dead man had given it away.
That's why he decided to take the leaf out of the block.
But the president had written the note before the murder.
Anyone who knew English would have immediately understood
that it was a harmless note addressed to the secretary.
In other words,
if we rule out Hal Wager, who is an English teacher at an academy,
Irina, who was communicating with the president in English,
and Mr. Camel, who is an FBI agent,
the only person who could have taken the note...
because... he didn't understand the sentence in English is Mr. Toby Cairns.
You're the only one who could have done it, Toby!
You have no proof!
I don't suppose they're going to try to accuse me of murder...
just because I can't read English, are you?
Listen, what would you guys do...
if I found a written note that spoke ill of you?
-I guess I'd throw it out right away. -I'd get really mad!
-I don't think I'd want to read it again, me.
What would you do if it was written in an encrypted code...
and you couldn't read it?
I would never throw it away!
If it was talking about me, I'd want to know what it said.
-I would take it home and try to decipher it.
(All) Oh!
The murderer must have done the same thing.
May I search it?
It's here!
(All) Inspector.
Yes, I wanted to ask...
the meaning to my girlfriend's brother, who is American.
I wanted to know what it said, in the note.
I wanted to ask him.
-Your girlfriend? -Yes. -Yes.
My girlfriend... worked for the president of this company.

I made her work so hard, poor thing, that she got sick, and...
finally died at the end of last year.
He made her work too hard? That's right.
When she started, he made her sign a contract written in Japanese.
She was pretty good at speaking Japanese,
but she couldn't read or write it.
Also, the contract said that...
if she couldn't continue working,
her brother would take over the job.
My intention was...
that her brother would help me to get the contract back
by threatening the president with a gun, if necessary.
That's why I introduced myself to the president and he hired me.
But... when he told me that the contracts were not in his office
and that he would ask his secretary to bring them,
I pulled the trigger without thinking or being lazy.
Then, the folder that the president asked me to go get,
it was...
Yes, girl, there must have been my girlfriend's contract in there.
If I had known that the secretary was such a pretty girl... like you,
it seems to me that the president would not have died.
In the end... I fell for the game of chairs.
How did they find out... that I didn't know how to speak English...
and that, deep down, I was a Japanese from head to toe?
For the reception.
It was for the reception.
When the secretary said
I had to go down to the front desk of the hotel,
you made a strange remark.
Who cares about English classes and parties when a person has just died?
when a person has just died?
How cold-blooded some people are!
You have mistaken what the English call a hotel "reception" for a reception like a meeting....
for a reception like a meeting... or a party.
Ha-ha-ha!
So a reception!
It had seemed a bit strange to me.
I can see that my American father
should have taught me something more useful, like English,
instead of teaching me how to shoot bullets with a gun.
He taught you to shoot?
Yes.
He was an American soldier stationed in Japan.
He didn't want to,
but when we went on a trip to Guam,
I insisted so much, he was forced to teach it.
But... he could have taken the opportunity...
for teaching me more things,
like now... what it feels like when you shoot somebody.
If I had, I wouldn't have wanted to try it again.
It's like, every time you pull the trigger,
a piece of your soul is shot out.
It's an awful feeling.
(Thinks) "Both the father and Conan have been out for a while.
"And I don't know where the fuck they must be."
"Geez! Looks to me like they're going to run out of dinner today."
"New York? Oh! The FBI?"
"Come to think of it, the man I met that day..."
(thinks) "A... a Japanese... with long hair?"
"Oh! A gun!"
"I can't...I can't...I can't...I can't move!"
Hey, hurry up!
Get in!
This man must be the serial killer!
"But it's that... Shinichi... Shinichi is still in there!"
Shit!
Wait!
Are you Japanese?
I just asked you... if you're Japanese.
Eh... Yes.
Have you seen anyone who caught your eye?
What? Have you seen a Japanese with long, dyed blond hair...
Did you see a Japanese man with long, dyed blond hair...
with a beard?
No, I haven't seen anyone like that.
(car: approaching)
- (man) Have you found her, sir? (man) - No.
(man) Ah!
It's dangerous for you to stay here.
If you turn that corner, you'll end up on the main street.
Go and take a cab.
I'm not alone!
I'm waiting for someone else.
It's a friend of mine who's my age.
Well, I'll tell you for the last time, you and your friend.
Go away!
Get the field out of here right now!
(Inaudible)
"He was also from the FBI. And we met again another day."
You're crying again?
(Inaudible) What?
It's just that whenever I see you, you cry.
Is there a problem?
No.
It's just that I remembered a... girl who looks like you.
She pretended she was fine, but she cried on the sly.
She was stupid.
"A girl who looked like me? Who should I talk about?"
You know the answer.
Has our link to the organization
has become a double-edged sword?
Who will get control of the situation and emerge victorious?

When will we decipher the meaning of their last conversation?
This very long Friday the 13th is over.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The clash between red and black. The Victim."
("Yukidoke no ano ano kawa no Nagare no Younis", Saegusa U-ka in db)

Kimi no heya
ni iru to tsumetai...
soto no ame ni Kizuki mo shinai.
Kimi no soba ni iru to Fuan
ya nayami mo ichijiteki ni wasureteshimau.
Aka to kuro ni somatta
tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo.
Aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukai tai yo.
Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Youn....
Tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete.
Sasurau kareba no Younes shizumisou de ukandeiru.
Mitsumeru kimi igai ha Subete futashikana mono Bakari da él.

