The organization of the men in black turned me into a little boy.
So far, I've tried to keep track of it whenever I had the chance,
and that's why I've allied myself with the FBI.
La Kir has returned to the organization as we had planned,
but Gin distrusts her and orders her to kill the Akai.
As for the New Beika hotel murder case...
What?
And you're sure this will work?
Yes.
It was Shinichi who taught me these magic words.
You try it.
Now that you're all 4, we can start.
"If it filled you up"!
(All) Eh?
Oooh!
We've managed to solve the case thanks to some magic words.
Meanwhile, FBI agent Akai drives along the Raiha road,
to meet the Kir or Rena Mizunashi,
the CIA spy who is once again infiltrating the organization of the men in black.
the organization of the men in black.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de odorus.
It's gonna be a great night, yeah!
An intrigue that gives you goosebumps.
In the middle of the darkness, a red scream and a black bullet!
The last shot rings out on Raiha's road.
What fate awaits FBI agent Shuichi Akai?
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Yoake no highway.
Kono Omois to be you slave.
Oh!
Tonight and everynight, you'D be mine!
Me utsuri ki ni naru koi no kakehiki.
Ai ha tesaguri kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha Kimagure beat ni Daka,
mitsumete in your eyes...
Ai ha Maboroshi kurayami no naka de
odorus it 's gonna be a great night, yeah!
Ai ha fururete beat ni Daka,
Kono mama in your eyes...
Oh, yeah!

"The clash between red and black. The victim."
(Wheels: squeak)
CIA spy?
But what t'empatolles, boy?
An international spy, she?
I do not understand anything at all!
What kind of organization is that, that you say?
I was still!
(Think) "Eisuke..."
"Father..."
Don't ever give up, Hidemi.
If you're patient, you'll eventually find allies!
You have to finish the mission I started.
(Car: approaching)
(Car: approaching) Wow.
What the hell happened?
How come you're coming from the other direction?
It's just that I got here a little early and I've been surveying the area.
Ah.
So what, then?
Did you find what you were looking for, Akai?
Could you be sure, I came here... alone?
Yes.
It seems so.
"Now, give me the information you've offered...
"In return..."
to help you flee the country.
Yes... That's all I can offer you.
(Think) "A Porsche 356A..."
"Now I understand everything."
(Radio: Gin) "What are you waiting for, Kir? Finish it off at once!"
But it's just that... I've broken a lung.
If we leave him here, he won't last more than half an hour.
"Aim for the head."
Fire a bullet in the brain.
"It'll be the way to make sure...
he doesn't bother us again.
Understood.
(Akai: snorts)
I didn't know you'd go this far.
I was surprised too, Akai..., that everything went... so well.
(Police, from afar: sirens)
Police.
There must have been another accident near here.
"Kir. Remove the evidence and leave."
Understood.
(Thinking) "Please..., don't hold it against me."
(Thinking) "What?
What's happened?
-Call for backup, hurry! Yes!
(Cell phone)
(Phone: ringtone)
(Phone: ringtone) Geez!
May I know why it does not get?
The cell phone that I left in Conan works, but it won't pick it up.
There is no way to reach Shu anywhere.
Ah.
He'll do a snooze, woman.
These days, the Akai has barely had time to rest.
Oh, boy.
What do you want to do, Conan? Me?
You told me earlier that you wanted to see all of us
before we left Haido Central Hospital, right?
Yes.
We're going, you want to join us?
Man, I'd really like to, but I'd better not come.
I'm sure it bothers you that there's a kid hanging around.
Besides, you know that today is Friday the 13th.
I think I should go home and go to sleep.
Goodbye, then.
I'll see you around, Jodie.
(Thinking) "Friday... 13."
What?
Be careful, now.

Today... I have a bad feeling.
Ah... You must mean because today is Friday the 13th, right?
I don't believe in superstitions like that.
Got it.
(Jodie) What?!
That the Mizunashi has contacted in Shu
to stay with him alone?
Yes, when you had already left,
the Akai received a phone call from the girl
who told him... that she wanted to see him alone.
See him alone?
It was obviously a trap!
Why didn't you stop him from going?
I tried, I assure you!
But he told me that, if he didn't show up,
he would put the Rena Mizunashi in danger.
You know the Akai well enough, we don't need to worry about him.
Excuse me.
The Rena Mizunashi and the Akai had met on the road to Raiha.
How do you know?
They are talking on the TV news right now.
It says that the police just found a burned out car
on the Raiha road
with the charred body of a man inside.
It can't be!
(TV: woman) "The burnt car is a black Chevrolet."
"The driver was a man in his 20s to 30s."
"A police patrol car found it by chance.
"While on its way to the site where there had been another accident."
"According to the patrol officers,
"The car suddenly exploded in front of him."
"Apparently, the corpse has two bullets in the body,
"and the police suspect it's a case of homicide."
"They will try to identify the dead man
"from the license plate number and the hand..."
No!
This is not in Shu!
It's someone from the organization who has been impersonating him!
-In Shu he wouldn't let himself be killed! -I agree with you.
We'll go to the police and check to make sure it's him.
Go.
The body is charred,
but if they've been able to recover his right hand,
we could run his fingerprints against the Akai's
and we'd know for sure.
He's right.
The FBI has a sample of his fingerprints.
The problem is that we can't go to the police,
explain to them that we think the body...
could be one of our agents
and ask them to let us have... the deceased's hand for analysis.
And the same goes for the black Chevrolet.
I'm sure there's his fingerprints,
but since it's on fire, the police will take it as evidence.
I don't think we can make a claim to the police
without good cause.
There must be some way to match the Akai's fingerprints with those on the corpse's right hand.
with those on the corpse's right hand without raising too much suspicion.
I think, if we used his cell phone,
we'd definitely find prints we could analyze.
Yes, but his cell phone must be...
Conan... he left me his cell phone a while ago.
Then, I'll go out for a moment to make a call.
Don't worry, he'll be here soon.
Oh! Thanks for your help, kid.
but we can't let you do it.
This is the FBI's job.
We can't... involve any more civilians in this case.
Yeah, but it's just that I...
We'll handle it.
You think the Akai's prints are here?
Yes.
I'll take this cell phone and go to the police.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Let's take my car.
I don't want to make a nuisance of myself, Jodie,
but try not to let them suspect
that the body might have any connection to the FBI.
Yes.
I'll try to hide everything and do the best I can.
(Takagi) Are you saying that you suspect...
that the charred body found inside a car...
might belong to the man who picked up your cell phone a few hours ago?
Yes.
It turns out that this morning, coincidentally,
I was driving down Raiha Road...
and halfway along the road I stopped for lunch at a roadside restaurant.
While I was eating, my cell phone accidentally fell on the ground,
and a man picked it up and gave it to me.
He was driving a black Chevrolet which made me suspicious right away.
As I remember his face and the clothes he was wearing, I thought maybe they needed my help,
I thought maybe they needed my help.
Yes, of course.
Then I'll take him for analysis.
By the way...
This cell phone is Conan's,
he left it with me earlier because it was broken.
You'll probably also find my fingerprints and the kid's.
Okay, Miss.
I'll have it analyzed right away.
Hold on a moment, please.

(Door, open)
I already have the results.
Y... And what do you know?
They're not from the man I met this morning, are they?
(Takagi) Thank you for coming expressly.
And now, you're welcome.
I'm very sorry I couldn't give you... more details,
to help you identify the deceased.
That's all right.
The truth is that this accident is a very mysterious case, miss.
If you remember anything else, let me know right away.
Yes, of course I will.
Thank you very much for your help, it's been very helpful.
(Takagi) "The analysis has confirmed..."
your suspicions.
We found your and Conan's fingerprints on the cell phone,
and there were also the fingerprints
of the man we found charred in the car.
This means... the body they found is that of the Akai.
Still, we can't blame Rena Mizunashi for this crime.
If she hadn't shot him, he probably would have been killed.
Besides, she had already warned the Akai.
My priority is to continue the mission
my father started to the CIA.
If I take any action that might harm the FBI,
don't hold it against me.
She told him.
Thanks to him,
we have a bond that will help us bring down the organization.
More than a bond, it is a steel chain that will not break.
Perhaps the Akai has expressly sacrificed
so that we could maintain this bond.
The problem is that the price that we have had to pay
has been higher than it should have been.
Shu!
Shu!
(Cries)
Who's there?
I found... a blind spot.
How long have you been here?
Drop the gun.
Drop the gun!
Or next time I'll shoot you in the head!
(CLEC)
(Thinking) "Is it a bomb?"
"A shotgun?"
All right, Calvados.
We've got her cornered.
(CLEC) "I knew it! There's another one!"
Come on, Calvados.
Make this little FBI girl disappear
with your beloved Remington.
Wow!
So that guy's name is Calvados?
He was armed with a rifle, a shotgun and a pistol.
I thought he was an arms dealer.
Eh?
You're in Shuichi Akai!
Shu!
No, no, Shu, don't kill her!
(Akai: whistle of admiration)
You have to have good aim
to hit a tanker truck in the state it's in.
Unbelievable!
Shu!
Don't just stand there!
He's taken a hostage and fled with a car!
Your car keys are broken.
Now, you... take care of the rest.
It seems to me that, for the time being,
it would be better if the girl with the brown hair never sees me again.
(Police: sirens)
Shu!
You've left... a lot of things unresolved!
(Inaudible)
Shu!
Shu!
(Cries)
Two silver bullets were not necessary.
Whatever they say... just one was enough.
Here, Conan.
It's the cell phone you left me, that day.
Oh, my!
You don't need it anymore? No.
I'm sorry, but I'll have to requisition Conan's cell phone as evidence,
but if it's all right with you,
you can return this other one of the same model and color.
All you have to do is put in the SIM card
and you will be able to use it without any problem.
Goodbye... And thank you for everything, Conan Edogawa.
(Think) "The serial number is not the same."
Hey.
Jodie, something.
Say.
Uh... No nothing... Good luck, huh?
Thank you.
-Conan, are we going or what? -What are you doing?
We'll be late in the end!
I'm coming!
(thump)
(Thinking) "What happened?"
We have felt some very strange noises.
We felt 3 noises.
The first sounded like some kind of crash,
then we heard the sound of something falling down.
and, finally, we heard something else rolling.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The testimony of attorney Eri Kisaki. Part One."
("Yukidoke no ano ano kawa no Nagare no Younis", Saegusa U-ka in db)

Kimi no heya
ni iru to tsumetai...
soto no ame ni Kizuki mo shinai.
Kimi no soba ni iru to Fuan
ya nayami mo ichijiteki ni wasureteshimau.
Aka to kuro ni somatta
tokenai Nazo darake no Hibi mo.
Aru ga mama no kokoro de tachimukai tai yo.
Yukidoke no ano kawa no Nagare no Youn....
Tashikana mono mo Naku genjitsu ni mi wo yudanete.
Sasurau kareba no Younes shizumisou de ukandeiru.
Mitsumeru kimi igai ha Subete futashikana mono Bakari da él.

