Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
Something has happened in a hairdresser's shop.
The lawyer defends the main suspect.
What is her testimony?
She always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seii... ppai... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

Aaaaaaaaaaaah...
(TV: female) "And now, we move on to the next topic."
"It's getting closer and closer
"For the expected wedding of wrestler Shiro Nagasaku,
"who next month will face the reigning wrestling champion."
But if the best time of youth is the time before marriage!
Can you tell me what they're ruminating on?
By the way, Father, it's about time you started getting ready.
Is it?
But we have a 10 o'clock dinner!
Although it's two quarters of 7, girl.
But we could leave a little earlier and pick up the mother.
The mother?
Do you want us to stop by her office?
No, to the hairdresser's.
To the hairdresser's?
Just a moment!
You mean we're meeting for dinner at 10 o'clock
because she had to go to the hairdresser's to get a haircut?
Sure, man!
The mother wants to look nice to see you.
Who... what nonsense!
Who does she think she is?
You should also arrange, father.
Hello!
Hello, Conan.
Au, go wash and change your clothes.
What?
"Lawyer Eri Kisaki's testimony, (part one)
I find it hard to believe
that this is the last time I cut your hair, Shiro.
And now, Minayo!
When I'm married,
I'll keep coming to your salon for haircuts.
If your brand-new, gorgeous wife finds out...
that your ex is cutting your hair,
maybe she'd be pissed.
Now I understand why you make me hide
and cut my hair in this room
instead of doing it in front of everyone.
I'm doing it to protect the privacy of a famous wrestler
who's getting married soon.
Wow.
But it's already 8 o'clock in the evening!
-You mean he's still coming...? - (woman, from afar) That there is someone?
(woman, far away) Oh!
Yes!
I'll be right back!
I can't believe it!
But it's almost closing time!
I'm sorry, I have a client who has an important appointment tonight.
So, if it's better for you, I can come back another day.
I don't have any important appointments tonight.
No.
Today is the last day... I'll cut your hair.
Good evening, Mrs. Kisaki.
Sorry, dear, I always make you fold at ungodly hours.
And now!
Gee!
Are you alone today?
Yes, my maids had to leave.
If you want, I can turn up the background music...
so that the salon doesn't seem so empty.
-Don't worry, you don't need to go to all that trouble.
Do you want us to do the same as always?
The color, the cut and the perm?
Yes.
If anything, I'll just cut the ends a little bit.
Well, we'll start by washing the hair.
Followed by the head wash.
What a drag!
Why the hell does the famous detective Kogoro Mouri...
has to go and look for a lady who has had the brilliant idea
to go to the hairdresser's to get a haircut
at this time of the afternoon?
Ouch, father!
But you had nothing to do!
The mother told me that she had made an appointment today at 8 pm.
She thinks that maybe you'll see her with her hair down, like before!
When we were young, I was sick of seeing her like that!
However, it didn't take her long....
she decided that we would go and look for her, Kogoro.
Well, I've already put the dye on it.
Now we have to wait 10 minutes for it to work.
I'll leave it for a little while.
Don't worry, I'll be right back.
Yes.
Listen... Do you have to go somewhere?
Yes, to throw out the garbage and to the supermarket.
Ah... That's too bad.

I thought we were going to chat as usual!
Yes, I also like to chat with you when you come.
I love it when you tell me things about the latest trials
or that you tell me... about your husband, the famous detective.
Just this afternoon I'm meeting my husband,
it's been a long time since we've seen each other.
Next time I'll have lots of things to tell you.
Oh, my goodness!
Then I'll have to make an effort to make her even prettier,
and in the meantime you'll tell me romantic stories about your husband.
They're not romantic, they're complaints.
It seems to me that the hairdresser's at the mother's
is at the top of this rise.
I know.
It's been a long time since you've seen each other,
try to be nice to her, eh, father?
Yes!
I'll strike a blow of authority and make it clear to her that...
(thump)
(Thinks) "What was that?" (Thump)
"Again?"
What were those noises?
First there was the sound of a crash,
and then it seemed that something fell.
Well... it doesn't sound like anything fell, around here.
And I'm sure the car didn't hit anything either.
Is it down there?
Down there, over the garbage containers.
Let's see...
Ah! Ah!
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
It's a person!
I'll call the police and an ambulance!
(Roll, roll: rrit) "What is... this noise?"
(Rrit)
- (woman) It's here .- (people: whispers)
What do you think?
(people: whispers)
- (police: sirens) -Thank you, Minayo, it's perfect.
I'm glad you like it.
What happened, outside?
There's a lot of commotion!
(Minayo) Yes, there must have been an accident.
We heard the sirens of the patrol cars.
Shall we go out and see what happened?
Yes, let's go.
If it's a complicated case, my husband should take care of it.
Of course, of course!
(Thinking) "No."
"What I will need... are your services, lawyer Kisaki."
(People: uproar)
Out of the way!
You can't come in here.
(Takagi) Let's see, according to his driver's license,
the victim was Mr. Shiro Nagasaku, 28 years old.
The cause of death was hemorrhaging
caused by the severing of the carotid artery.
From what we can gather from Mouri's story,
who says he heard the sound of something falling,
someone must have cut her throat
and threw it in the garbage by passing it...
over the road safety barrier.
But when we were passing along the street above and we heard the noise
and we heard the noise,
we didn't see any suspects roaming the road.
Are you serious? Yes.
In this case,
the culprit could have transported the body with a tall vehicle,
like a truck,
and dumped the containers from the roof.
But if we had felt the engine of a truck, we would remember.
It is true.
We heard three noises.
The first one sounded like some kind of a very loud crash,
then the sound of something falling...
and then we felt from the car...
the sound of something rolling.
You say a crash, something falling and something rolling?
Noises aside, it's very likely...
that the person who dumped this body is a man.
Yes.
And it wasn't an ordinary man,
but someone with strong arms, like a wrestler.
A wrestler, you say? You didn't recognize him, inspector?
The victim is the famous wrestler Shiro Nagasaku,
who was scheduled to challenge the reigning wrestling champion.
He is famous because he never lets his opponents knock him down on his back.
He weighed 90 kilos.
To cut the neck and throw him off a cliff like this,
you have to be fast and physically very strong.
Not that strong.
Anyone could have cut his throat,
it all depends on the situation in which he found himself
at the time the crime was committed.
But it's you!
Eri!
What are you doing here?
You should tell me this.
Isn't the cafeteria where we were meeting for dinner in the other direction?
Yes, but... we were passing this way.
Anyway, if the victim was a professional wrestler,
we should be looking for partners of his
who might have a motive to want to kill.
(Takagi) Yes.
(Think) "What a bunch of fools!"

"They can now remove heaven and earth, that, no matter how hard they look....
"These hooligans, they will never suspect a simple... hairdresser like me."
Ah!
Do you live in this neighborhood, miss?
Do I?
Uh... Yes.
Do you know a hairdresser nearby called Tokoya?
What is it?
What?
Conan!
Why do you ask such strange questions?
Look, Takagi,
if you look at the wound
that caused the victim to bleed,
you'll notice that there's a lot of severed hairs
mixed in with the blood around the neck.
What?
Are you serious?
Oh!
It's true!
This has made me think...
that maybe this gentleman went to the barber's shop
to get a haircut just before he was killed.
That could be it.
Also, the blood that came out of his neck has dripped...
forming strange columns.
What? Yeah, you're right.
Yes... you're right.
It must be because, when he was killed,
he was wearing a towel or a cap
the kind they give you at the hairdresser's when they cut your hair.
Of course, of course!
Probably the only place where an experienced fighter...
would allow a sharp object to be brought up behind him.
"Without getting defensive
"It's in a barber shop or a beauty salon."
Mm?
What is it, Takagi?
Inspector, Conan just discovered...
a couple of very significant details.
"No...!"
You're absolutely right.
Considering the circumstances,
it's quite likely that the culprit is a muscle-bound barber
or a strong hairdresser.
Yes, someone strong enough...
to be able to lift a man like this without difficulty.
Then I'll scour the area from top to bottom,
and try to find any suspects
that fit this description.
If you talk to the lady..., she may know the culprit.
She works at a hairdresser's or beauty parlor near here,
I think.
Isn't that right, miss?
"My God! May I know... who the hell is he, this little guy?"
This girl works in a hair salon
or a beauty salon very close to here.
Isn't that right, miss?
-Is it true, this? -Yes... Yes.
That's right.
It's the hairdresser who was cutting my hair a while ago.
She works at the hairdresser's where you had your appointment today, mother?
Yes, she's the owner of the salon...
that used to belong to her late father, Mr. Hasaka.
How did you guess, that this girl was a hairdresser,
if you can tell me, of course?
By the hands.
This lady has a callus
on the second joint of the ring finger of the right hand.
Excuse me, miss.
May I see your right hand, please?
Yes.
May I, miss?
Yes, it's true!
It is a callus typical of his trade,
has been formed by the friction of the scissors with the ring finger.
Well!
Also, if you look closely,
you'll see that her nails are a rather brownish color.
This is because she works every day with shampoos and chemicals....
which are used to dye the hair.
And how do you know all these things, Conan?
They were talking about it on a hairdresser's show on TV.
The TV again?
Maybe you watch it too much.
Well, it's better to watch TV than to go to the horse races.
Racing is men's entertainment!
Are you serious?!
I have to ask you a few questions.
Can you tell me approximately how many barbershops and hairdressers
are in this area, approximately?
What do you mean?
It turns out that... Mr. Shiro Nagasaku, the victim,
was a wrestler who weighed 200 pounds.
Mr. Mouri and his daughter, who happened to be passing by,
heard the sound of something falling.
In addition, we have discovered a considerable amount of small hairs?
of the same color as the victim's
mixed with the blood that has come out of his neck.
If we take into account that the blood has dripped in a strange way,
we can clearly deduce that someone has slit Mr. Nagasaku's throat
while cutting his hair
and then disposed of the victim's body by throwing it in the dumpster.
by throwing it in the dumpster.
That is precisely why I would like to ask you
if you know of any barber or hairdresser in the area
who is physically strong enough

to raise the corpse of a professional wrestler.
Well, there are... 2 or 3 more barbershops,
but I couldn't tell you...
if the employees who work there are strong enough to lift a body.
You've got a lot of nerve, miss!
What?
Yes, Miss, because, earlier, when I asked you...
if you knew a hairdresser in the neighborhood called Tokoya..,
you didn't say a word to me...
Why didn't you tell me that you also had a hairdresser's shop?
when I asked you the question?
Well... because...
You've got a lot of nerve,
to ask him the question if you already knew the answer!
But... No buts, no fucks!
It has.
He was already bothering me.
Don't take your eyes off him.
D'acord.
The truth... is that I didn't answer right away
because I was too emotionally affected.
Affected?
Yes.
I came here in the morning and I recognized the victim as soon as I saw him.
Did you know him?
Did you know Mr. Nagasaku?
I'd better explain it to them now,
because they'll find out sooner or later.
This boy and I were classmates in high school.
We dated for a while.
And Mr. Nagasaku often came to your hairdresser's?
Yes, before he got engaged he used to come in for a haircut.
He was engaged?
Oh!
It's true, a sports newspaper published the news.
Then, there's a quite obvious detail.
What's that?
That Miss Hasaka, the hairdresser,
had a motive to murder Mr. Nagasaku.
Me?
For what?
Stop the cart!
May I know what t'empatolles, now, you?
Well, she is the victim's ex-girlfriend,
and lives very close to where we discovered the body.
Therefore, it can be considered a suspect.
You always jump to conclusions!
Inspector Takagi.
Yes, ma'am?
What is it, the estimated time of death?
Well, I'll tell you now.
Mr. Mouri told us that he discovered... the corpse...
at about half past five at 9 o'clock in the evening.
Therefore, the crime must have been committed about 20 minutes earlier.
So, this hairdresser is cleared of all suspicion,
because from 8:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.,
she has been busy cutting hair.
(At the same time) What?
Has she been with you the whole time?
Yes, she has not moved from my side.
In fact, she went outside for a moment to run a couple of errands,
but he's only been out for 10 minutes.
But, with 10 minutes there's plenty of time to...
And now!
Her hair salon is at the top of the climb, on the other level.
You haven't had enough time
to come all the way up here dragging this man's body.
But anyway...
What else have you got to say?
Wow!
The father and mother are already looking at each other like that!
He-he-he-he-he!
"But if what lawyer Kisaki just said is true..."
Eee... Excuse me...
If you want, you can come and search my hair salon.
"Sometimes it's not so bad, that being small."
Turn left at the next junction.
(Wheels: squealing)
But, what have you gone crazy?
Before you turn at a crossroads,
you have to look right and left first!
Please respect the rules!
(Think) "Why did he want to get into my car? To scold me?"
My hair salon is over there.
-Where? - (wheels: squeak)
Ah!
At Conan's!
(Eri) What a way to drive!
We should have come on foot.
Conan, are you all right? Yes.
So, you say that Mrs. Kisaki sat in this chair...
while Miss Hasaka was cutting her hair, right?
Yes.
I always come here to get my hair cut when I get home from work.
That's why I made an appointment at 8 p.m. today, too.
I arrived at the salon at 8 o'clock.
"And it took me 10 minutes... to wash my hair,
"20 minutes to dye me,
"He washed me again,
"It took him 10 minutes to perm my hair,
"He washed my hair again,
"He cut my hair in a quarter of an hour.
"And then he washed me again."
"It took her 10 more minutes to dry and style them."
It must have taken us an hour and a half in total.
Uh... Yes.
Wow, you have an extraordinary memory!
It's just that every time I come here, I do the same thing.

Also, I kind of had a date tonight with someone I know a lot,
I was looking at my watch.
And do you remember what time it was
when the hairdresser went out to run the errands?
When she dyed my hair and made me wait for the dye to work.
I'd say it was between a quarter and half past 5:00 to 9:00.
-It must have taken about 10 minutes.
Y-Yes.
"10 minutes, from a quarter and five to two quarters..."
You see?
10 minutes is plenty of time to commit the crime!
It only took us 3 minutes by car
to get here from the crime scene.
Listen...
I don't happen to have a driver's license, sir.
I threw out the garbage and stopped by the supermarket.
Oh, did you?
Yes.
I went to the containers that are located next to the supermarket.
The supermarket?
Yes.
It's very close to here, do you want us to go and have a look?
Go ahead, please.
An alley?
Yes.
This way is closer than the main street.
Oh.
And this bike here?
Ah... It's a memento of my late father.
I use it now.
Before I also took it to go to the supermarket to buy some rice.
I could have transported the corpse tied behind the motorcycle.
What an ass you are! -What did you say?
Putting a corpse of more than 90 kilos on the seat of a motorcycle is difficult enough.
is difficult enough,
but to tie it up and transport it
without anyone noticing is quite impossible!
Besides, can you explain to me how the hell he did it?
to throw the body in the garbage?
Don't take it like that, woman, it was only a hypothesis!
And the supermarket you say, where is it?
Look, if you continue down the alley to the crossroads,
you'll come out right in front of the supermarket.
Listen!
The containers where the body was found were that way, right?
Yes.
Conan, do you know where you're going?
"I knew it!"
"The containers where we discovered the corpse are just ahead.
"2 levels below."
"But it's absolutely impossible to dump a corpse from here.
"Unless you used a crane."
The famous fighter Shiro Nagasaku was killed...
and we found the corpse at the dumpsters.
At that time, we heard 3 noises.
(thump)
(Hit)
(Rrit)
"Where did the third noise come from?"
Mr. Nagasaku has died while having his hair cut
at a hairdresser's or beauty parlor.
The main suspect is Minayo Hasaka,
the owner of a barber shop in the neighborhood.
Miss Minayo is Mr. Nagasaku's ex-girlfriend.
But from 8 to 9, the hairdresser has been serving lawyer Kisaki,
all the time,
and has only left her side at a quarter to 5 of 9,
for 10 minutes.
Assuming that Miss Minayo is the culprit,
how did she manage to transport a 90-kilogram corpse
and throw it in the dumpsters in only 10 minutes?
Is she the real killer?
What were... the 3 noises we heard?
"Where did they come from?"
There's no dust on the traffic signal pole,
and there is a small mark!
How did they do it, this mark?
Eh?
Do you see it?
You have a bump! A bump?
No way.
You'll have to ask for an arrest warrant or a search warrant first.
(Kogoro voice) We'd better clear up once and for all what happened.
I can prove that she committed the murder.
Don't miss the next episode:
"Lawyer Eri Kisaki's testimony, (part two)."
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

