Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
The estranged couple
of lawyer Eri Kisaki and detective Kogoro Mouri
have found a new reason for confrontation.
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Sei... and... ppai... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

While we were going to look for Ran's mother, lawyer Eri Kisaki,
to have dinner with her,
we discovered the corpse of the famous wrestler Shiro Nagasaku.
From the wounds on the body, we deduced that she had been murdered,
we deduced that she had been murdered
in a hairdresser's or beauty salon while she was getting a haircut.
while she was getting her hair cut.
When Ms. Minayo Hasaka
owner of a barber shop in the neighborhood,
confessed that she had dated the victim a long time ago,
she became the prime suspect.
But at the time of the crime, the hairdresser was cutting her hair,
the hairdresser was cutting Ran's mother's hair.
Assuming that Miss Minayo is the culprit,
how did she manage to transport a 200-pound corpse
and throw it in the dumpsters?
And furthermore,
where did the 3 noises we heard come from
just before the victim's body appeared in the dumpster down the street?
the dumpster down the street?
"The testimony of attorney Eri Kisaki, (part 2)"
Hey, Conan.
Hey, Conan. Eh?
The others are leaving.
Do you want us to accompany them?
Yes.
What are they doing here in the middle, a chair and a table?
They must be junk he doesn't use anymore and he left them here
for when the old furniture collection truck comes by.
I see that Miss Minayo is very tidy, isn't she?
What?
I say that because, in addition to separating the newspapers from the magazines,
she folded the cardboard boxes and left them tied together.
Au, let's go hi.
Yes.
(Thinking) "Gee, how can that be?"
Can you use the bike in such a narrow alley?
Yes.
Normally there is no one.
(Mobile: vibrates)
(Thinks) "What does he want? He keeps calling me!"
-Gosh!
How come you don't pick it up? -What?
I'm sure she's one of your cute little friends
from that joint you always go to.
You don't have to do anything!
"I'm sick of it! Why does it always have to end up the same way?"
The supermarket is over there.
"It's in the opposite direction
"Regarding the containers where the corpse has appeared."
"On the stick of the road sign there is a small mark!"
"How did they do it, this mark?"
"Here are cigarette butts
"Mixed with dirt from the street forming a semicircle."
"How strange!"
Is it here?
You say you have come to throw the trash in these containers
next to the supermarket?
Well, yes.
Can I help you gentlemen with something?
Ah, you must be the clerk at this supermarket.
Yes.
We're police inspectors.
What?
The police?
Ah.
That's right, I heard that a crime had been committed in the neighborhood.
Yes.
Precisely because of this...
we'd like to know what time this lady came to shop.
Wow, they suspect you, Minayo?
It looks like they do.
At the moment, we just want to check a couple of facts, sir.
Eee... Well... if my memory serves me correctly,
he came in at about half past five on the ninth,
but if you want to know the exact time, you'll find it on the shopping ticket.
She just came in this afternoon to buy some rice.
Yes... Exactly, at 8:28 in the evening.
That's good.
Could you tell us how long the customer has been in the supermarket?
Maybe 4 or 5 minutes.
You want to take a look at the security camera?
Then, it's absolutely impossible that she was the perpetrator of the crime.

"When he said he had to go out to do some errands.
"And he left me alone at the hairdresser's it was a quarter to five to nine,
"And when he came back it was half past five o'clock."
"If she got to the supermarket between 8:23 and 8:24 minutes past 8:24," she said,
"and he finished buying what he needed at about 8:28,
"He would only have had four minutes to commit the crime...
"Before coming to the supermarket,
"Or two minutes if he had done it after shopping."
He didn't have enough time to kill someone
and transport his corpse to the dumpsters on the street.
Let's see..., tonight, when Ms. Minayo came in,
do you know if she had garbage bags in her hands?
Yes, sir, 2 or 3.
Could it be that in one of the bags she threw there was a corpse?
A corpse?!
This one is hopeless!
Do you want to know if he could have transported a corpse
with his motorcycle?
-Well, I assure you, no. No?
Of course he couldn't.
That motorcycle is a ratchet.
When Miss Minayo came to buy it..,
it stalled in the middle of the street.
-She broke down? -Exactly, gentlemen.
Just when I came out of the supermarket to take out the garbage,
"Miss Minayo arrived from the back alley,
"and I saw her bike catch fire."
She had to get off and push the motorcycle down the sidewalk
to the door of the store.
It's true...
But by the time I was done shopping it was working,
and I used it to get back.
I hope that was clear to you.
It's innocent, Kogoro!
This girl is my hairdresser and I'm very fond of her.
I won't let you doubt her innocence again.
(Thinks) "Very good, that's the way I like it!"
"Continue to protect me as you have done so far, Lawyer Kisaki!"
Ay, geez!
Did you see that you have blonde hair sticking to your sweater, miss?
What?
Oh!
"That's impossible, but I've changed my clothes!"
Oops, I think I got confused, they're brown!
They must be lawyer Kisaki's hair.
Yes, surely...
"From her reaction, I'm sure she's guilty."
"But I don't understand."
"In a straight line,
"The hairdresser's shop is not far away.
"The bend in the road that leads to the dumpsters,
"But when the girl came out, she went towards the supermarket,
"Which is in the opposite direction."
"Besides, she only had about five minutes in total to commit the crime."
"How did she manage to transport to the dumpsters
"A 200-pound corpse in such a short time?"
Oops.
See?
You have a bump! A bump?
And where did I get it?
A moment ago, when we were in the car and the father braked abruptly.
"I've got it! A hard braking!"
"If my deductions are correct,
"It should be another one here."
"I knew it, just as I figured!"
"At last I've guessed....
"The trick you've used to bring down the corpse...
"Dislodgement of the ravine."
(Mobile: vibrates)
(Think) "Again?"
(Eri) I've been telling them for a while now.
Miss Hasaka can't be the perpetrator of the crime!
But, Mrs. Kisaki,
think that the estimated time of death is from 10 past 8 o'clock,
for half an hour.
You must admit that it is striking that it coincides with the time of death
that Miss Hasaka has left the hairdresser's shop.
In addition, Miss Hasaka had been in a relationship with the victim.
At the moment, this has nothing to do with this case.
You have already checked the security camera footage,
"Where it is shown that the girl has been 4 minutes in the supermarket,
"between 8:24 and 8:28."
Before arriving at the supermarket she only had 4 minutes,
and when she left it took her 2 minutes to get to the hairdresser's.
Can you explain to me how he managed to transport, in such a short time,
the corpse of a man weighing 90 kilos
and throw it in the containers
located 2 levels below this stretch of road?
Do you suspect her,
just because she is my hairdresser and I am defending her?
This is ridiculous!
Stop it, mother!
Now you've crossed the line.
The truth is that the father was not here by chance,
but because he had come looking for you!
Don't strain yourself, I've known this for a long time.
Really?
And why are you angry with him?
Because he makes me very angry

that he didn't want to acknowledge the truth from the beginning.
Then maybe you should have asked him yourself!
Ask him directly if he has gone looking!
Why should I?
Do you want me to start flirting with your mustachioed father?
No way!
Never in life!
Mother!
About it, Miss Hasaka.
Yes?
Would you allow us to enter your house
to make a routine search, just in case?
What?
But...
No way, inspector.
According to Article 35 of the Constitution,
any person has the right to prevent
the search and seizure of his personal belongings,
his documents or his private home.
Except in cases of detention,
this right is based on legal grounds and may only be infringed...
if you are in possession of a search warrant for a specific domicile
or a warrant for the seizure of a specific object.
If you insist on searching this lady's home,
you must first proclaim an arrest warrant before a court of law
or apply for a search warrant.
But, look here, Mrs. Kisaki....
Since it has been proven that she could not have committed the crime,
she will not be granted permission.
"Very good! Keep it up, Attorney Kisaki!"
"I have done well to choose you... because you will confirm my alibi."
(Kogoro voice) We'd better clear up once and for all what happened.
I can prove that she committed the murder.
What?
-Me? -(all) What?
You talk as if I'm in a position to prove everything.
No, and now, I didn't say anything, it was... (all) Ah!
Oooh! Oooh!
It's... It's him!
(At the same time) In Sleeping Kogoro!
"Lucky that Dr. Agasa
"Gave me a spare voice-changing tie!"
(Eri) Wait a minute!
Didn't you just say that it wasn't you who was speaking at the time?
(Kogoro voice) Yes, I wanted to say....
that the trick the culprit has used is so simple,
that anyone could explain it.
I'm referring to the mechanism that Miss Hasaka has devised
to kill Mr. Nagasaku and throw the corpse into the containers
at the bottom of the road.
Wha...?
Inspectors, I would need a piece of thick, sturdy fishing line...
and a couple of sacks of cement
to replace the victim's corpse.
Takagi, take care of it.
Yes!
Before we begin the demonstration,
I'd like you to take some photographs.
Of what?
You must photograph the pole of the security barrier
above the containers where the body has been found...
and the traffic signal pole
at the corner of the supermarket,
where you will find two small marks.
Next to the signpost, on the road,
there are some cigarette butts mixed with dust from the street.
in the shape of a semicircle.
Very good, Mouri.
Everything is ready.
Well, we can start now, inspector.
First of all, take the chair on the desk...
and put the one on the right.
The seat of this chair
is the first clue that has come to my attention.
The seat of the chair is at the very top, isn't it?
Yes, you're right.
Miss Minayo seems to be a very tidy person.
She has separated the old magazines and newspapers
and folded the cardboard boxes so they wouldn't take up so much space.
That's why I was surprised
that she had left the chair in any way,
without adjusting the seat height.
This is ridiculous, it was a small distraction!
Not that much!
He needed the seat of the chair to be at its maximum height
for the trick to work as he had planned.
I'm talking about the trick we'll play next...
Takagi, please! Yes, sir?
Tie the sturdy fishing line you've been wearing
to the leg of the chair,
and make sure it can't be untied with a jerk.
Next, pass the end of the line...
through the pole of the safety barrier,
which is just above the containers,
where we found the victim's body,
and then come back here.
Now, prepare another piece of thread...
of the same length
as that which connects the chair to the safety barrier,
except that it should go
from the back door of the hairdresser's salon
to the street of the supermarket,

and tie it to the motorcycle parked at the door.
I'm done!
Okay.
Tie another piece of string to the bike.
This one has to be a bit longer,
because it has to go from the security barrier
to the street of the supermarket,
and you'll need to tie the other end to the leg of the saddle.
Finally, place the cement sacks on the seat of the saddle...
and the preparations are complete.
Now all you have to do is get on your bike and head for the supermarket.
Do you hear me?
Do you have everything ready here?
Yes.
We've evacuated the onlookers, as you ordered.
Very well, all right.
Takagi, you can proceed.
Yes.
Start moving forward slowly,
making sure the cement sacks don't fall,
and gradually speed up.
We understand.
Ouch!
I-inspector Megure,
the cement bags have fallen right on top of the garbage!
Very well, thank you.
When the chair collided with the safety barrier,
the law of inertia caused the corpse to shoot out of the chair
and landed right on top of the dumpsters
located in the street below.
The first thread was broken by the impact,
but as the motorcycle kept going all the way to the supermarket,
the other thread stretched the saddle
and brought it back to the point of origin.
The law of inertia, you say?
And the 3 noises we heard were the crash against the barrier,
the falling body and the wheels of the chair going backwards.
So, the markings that are on the safety barrier
and the traffic sign
the friction of the fishing line caused them.
But there was an obvious risk that the legs of the corpse,
dangling from the chair,
the barrier and that it would not fly away.
Precisely for this reason,
to prevent the body from getting stuck in the barrier,
the culprit has adjusted the seat to the maximum height
and the corpse sits there with its legs bent.
And what about the semi-circle-shaped mess on the roadway?
When Miss Minayo was coming back from the supermarket,
"The fishing line hanging from the motorcycle...
"It dragged the cigarette butts and dirt from the street."
Then, when the chair collided with the barrier,
the emergency braking system was activated,
which caused the bike to ignite.
They have no proof!
They cannot prove that it is me, the perpetrator of the crime.
How can they consider themselves guilty,
if it turns out they don't have any evidence?
Oi, Mrs. Kisaki?
I can prove it.
"Wow! He woke up at the most inopportune time!"
Tell me, where is this evidence you have?
Proof?
According to article 239,
movable property without the right of ownership
get this right if there is the will to possess them
or if someone needs them.
Therefore, if there is someone?
who needs a garbage that have been thrown into the container,
this person can dispose of them as if they were his own.
If there is evidence, we will find it by searching the bags...
that you have thrown into the supermarket dumpster.
If you are the perpetrator of the crime,
we'll find the bloodstained towel
that the victim was wearing around her neck when she was murdered.
That's why you were in such a hurry to throw out the trash.
Ooooh...
But we won't even need to mix the trash.
I'm sorry, but in the end you couldn't use me...
because it will help you corroborate your alibi.
"You must have called Mr. Nagasaku who came before me...
"And you took advantage of the 10 minutes it takes for the dye to work...
"to assassinate him."
"So, you got rid of the corpse...
"by means of the chair trick."
"But when you untied the thread, you made a mistake:
"You forgot to adjust the seat back to the normal height."
"You threw the corpse in the dumpster,
"because you wanted someone to find it as soon as possible...
"And that the time of death would be calculated
"within a relatively short period of time."
Did you dislike Mr. Nagasaku that much, Miss?
No, Inspector, I didn't dislike him that much.
On the other hand, I can't stand that actress who was supposed to marry him.
She's a bitch who came over and got engaged to him...
when the two of us had fallen out
and had stopped seeing each other for a while.
So why did she die on him?
Don't they know?
When he made his debut as a professional wrestler,
he wore his hair short and brown.
It was she who ordered him

to let them grow and dye them blonde!
I couldn't take it anymore!
She couldn't stand having to be forced
to cut her hair the way she wanted it,
and having to put up with...
her face of satisfaction as she looked at herself in the mirror!
And why didn't he ask her not to come back, if he hated her?
Because when I started working as a hairdresser,
I promised her that I would be the one to cut her hair for the rest of her life.
Yes..., I didn't want anyone else to cut their hair but me,
but it was getting harder and harder.
It was the only option... I had left!
(Cries)
You will have to accompany me to the police station.
Takagi! Yes.
I advise you to go very carefully, Mrs. Kisaki.
I'm?
-Shiro and I got into a fight over a silly thing.
But neither of us wanted to get off the donkey,
and by the time I wanted to get him back it was too late.
Au, let's go.
What I know about it all
is that I'll never again be able to feel the romantic stories
you used to tell me about your husband!
Romantic?
No, they weren't!
They weren't... they weren't romantic stories!
(Kogoro) Is that true?
What nonsense!
How can it be true?
Is it true or not?
Yes, it's true.
Does it bother you that it is, Kogoro?
Do you really mean it, that you won 1,200,000,000 yen in a bet?
You don't know how happy I am!
We have to celebrate with a toast!
Are you already drinking?
I'll be right back, wait for me a second!
Look, I was talking... with a fellow at the racetrack..,
the same one who tried to call me a couple of times before.
It seems he's won an unexpected bet
and invited me to celebrate.
- (slaps) - (Kogoro) Aaaaah!
Whew!
Why... why did he do that?
Man, if you don't know...
By the way, how did the case end, inspector?
If you don't know...
"I don't know anything either."
Caram, Eisuke!
I didn't know you were back in school!
Yes!
Today's the first day.
I still don't know who it is,
but it's very likely that the individual guarding the Eisuke Hondo
is an FBI agent.
"Wow! That's him!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Dead Angle of Karaoke, (part one)."
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

