Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
Sonoko, a simple high school student, is as brilliant as in Kogoro itself,
is as brilliant as Kogoro itself.
She will solve the mystery of the missing gun!
She looks like a child, but she has the brains of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

Since the Rena Mizunashi case, the FBI is protecting the Eisuke Hondo,
who has returned to high school.
While we were on our way to the karaoke to celebrate his return,
we noticed someone following us.
Could it be an FBI agent guarding and protecting the Eisuke?
Suddenly, our mysterious pursuer?
turns up dead in one of the booths.
The killer is one of the karaoke patrons.
What if he had done it... the Eisuke?
"The Dead Angle of Karaoke, (part two)"
We'll start... with Mr. Tamai, from booth number 1.
Understood.
I came... on my way back from fishing.
You mean... you went fishing and came to sing by yourself?
What's wrong?
Gee, you made a good catch!
The truth is that I bought almost all the fish at the supermarket.
What's the matter? It's just that the rod fell into the river.
But I had promised my family that I would catch a lot of fish.
And in order not to disappoint them, I had to buy them.
Yes, it's true that the rod case is empty.
If I had come home so early, they would have been suspicious,
and that's why I came here to kill time.
Kyoto Honma, from cabin 2, you are next.
Yes.
I'm here to rehearse
because there will soon be a karaoke competition
at the company where I work.
Is it far away, your company? Yes.
I was ashamed that my co-workers would find out,
and that's why I came all the way out here.
Mm...
I see you bought a carton of cigarettes.
Yes.
It's just that I smoke like a cartwright.
May I?
Well... A pack of cigarettes is not a blunt weapon.
And you came to karaoke having folded from high school?
Mm... Yes.
Oh, the youth of today...!
Wow, those are maracas!
I've always liked this instrument.
They're not a weapon either.
Now it's the turn of Mr. Konjo Arimoto from booth 4.
(Konjo) My girlfriend and I came to the karaoke room
when we came home from the gym.
-I don't have to hide from anything.
En-Ep!
Isn't that the new brand of fizzy drink that came out lately?
Yeah, we bought it because my girlfriend wanted to try it,
but it tastes awful and we've only had one sip.
A plastic bottle wouldn't do.
Ah, we've already searched all the booths,
but the gun is nowhere to be found.
Well, it's not.
We haven't found anything in the washroom either.
(thinks) "This is impossible."
"Somewhere in this karaoke room there must be a murder weapon!"
"First of all, I'd like to check...
"Whether the man who was killed was an FBI agent or not."
(Female voice) "This cell phone is turned off or out of range."
"Please call back later."
"Why can't I reach Jodie?"
Inspector!
I have developed the photographs from the camera the victim was carrying.
It's extraordinary, sir!
Extraordinary?
What-what does it all mean?
But they're pictures of us!
Ugh!
He was a stalker? Oh!
Sure, how scary!
So, it seems that this case has nothing to do with us.
It really doesn't.
I hadn't even seen the victim's face.
You 3 haven't met the victim in the hallway even once?
No.
We might have met in the hallway or in the men's room,
but I've only seen these people here.
I haven't run into anyone so far,

when the crime had already been committed.
For me, this case is solved.
It is obvious that the murderer is him, the boy with the round glasses!
-Yes, you're right.
They were being chased by a stalker and he killed him without thinking about it.
What?
I didn't...
Take a good look at this!
I'm the one in all the pictures!
They were targeting me, and the guy with the glasses is innocent!
"It's a case."
-Deixi'ns go home, inspector.-I have to go, too....
"Sonoko is right, she's in all the pictures."
"Maybe the guy who was following us wasn't FBI..."
"But... wait a minute!"
"It seemed to me that..."
It's already five-thirty from 8.
No.
I can't let them go yet.
I don't mind staying here
until the police know what happened.
I appreciate it.
I brought a deck of cards.
My girlfriend and I are going to have a little game
of poker or black jack to kill time.
"Black jack! I hadn't noticed!"
The facts are summarized.
According to the estimated time of death of Mr. Moniwa,
who has been beaten to death
in booth number 5 of this very karaoke,
the crime was committed in an interval of half an hour,
between just before 6:00 p.m. and a quarter to 5:00 in the evening.
The images recorded by the security camera show us?
that the persons who had the possibility of committing the crime are Mr....
are Mr....
Kyoto Honma, who left booth 2 at 10 to 6,
Mr. Eisuke Hondo, who left booth 3 at 3 minutes past 6,
Mr. Konjo Arimoto, who left Booth 4 at 5 minutes to 6,
and Mr. Kunio Tamai,
who left booth 1 at 6:7 minutes past 6:00.
Definitely, the murderer is one of you 4.
That's why I can't let them go yet.
Yes, but they haven't found the murder weapon anywhere, have they?
Didn't they say it had to be a blunt object?
That's right, it doesn't make much sense to keep us here any longer,
if they haven't found the murder weapon yet.
(Sonoko voice) I know where it is, the murder weapon.
(All) What?
But it's an object that doesn't look like a weapon.
What?
(All) What?
Sonoko!
It's an outburst of inspiration!
No, it's not!
I didn't say... Ah!
Aaaah!
Aaaah...
Aaaaah!
Aaah...
...nothing!
You didn't say anything?
(Sonoko voice) Yes.
It's such a simple case,
I was convinced that it wouldn't be necessary for me to say anything.
But since I see that you don't get it, I'll tell you everything.
I'll tell you where is the weapon that has changed its shape after the crime...
and has disappeared...
And I will reveal to you the identity of the murderer who used it.
Ahem... Well...
We would appreciate it if you would explain your deductions to us, young lady.
Ep, wait a minute!
You said the murder weapon disappeared
when the victim was already dead, right?
(Sonoko voice) Yes, I know who you are!
(Sonoko) What?
The murder weapon... was a huge block of ice!
And the murderer is the person who carries a cooler
that allowed him to keep the ice!
-Mr. Kunio Tamai! -What?
-Yes, it's you! -Me?!
No!
Wrong!
It is true that to commit the crime
you could have used a block of ice
which would then have melted without a trace,
but if that had been the case,
we would certainly have found pieces of ice and drops of water
at the crime scene.
There was no water in the cabin.
Besides, he left it all splattered with blood,
and there's nothing to show
that he dried the floor once the victim was dead.
Therefore, the culprit...
has introduced something hard inside another object
so as not to leave any evidence after having attacked the victim.
Oh!
I got it!
The plastic bottle!
With the frozen liquid,
it could be used as a blunt weapon and not splash anything!
This means that the killer, Mr. Arimoto,
is the man who has an almost full plastic bottle.
That means you!
No, it's not!
It's not him either! No?
Mr. Arimoto left his cabin at 6 o'clock.
And you found the bottle a little before half past five at 7.
I doubt very much
that the frozen liquid contained in a half-liter bottle...
could have been heated enough to melt
in an interval of only half an hour.

So, what is the hard object that has been used?
You don't know?
Well, I'm sure you're carrying it too, Inspector.
Me? Yes.
It's a basic necessity that everyone should have.
It's a coin, gentlemen.
A 10-yen coin, to be precise.
What's that? A coin?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
How do you plan to kill someone with a 10-yen coin, young lady?
You're right, with just one coin it would be very difficult to hurt someone.
But if we had 300 ten yen coins....,
we could make a copper weapon weighing one and a half kilos.
Yes, I hadn't thought of that.
But none of them had 300 10-yen coins.
He got rid of it after committing the crime.
What? And how did he do it?
He put them in the machine behind him.
It's unbelievable! The cigarette machine!
Of course he did!
He has put 300 coins in the plastic bottle
and made a murder weapon!
And after committing the crime,
he got rid of the coins by putting them into the tobacco machine.
(Sonoko voice) No, no and no!
The neck of the bottle is too small,
it's impossible to get a 10-yen coin through.
If I had tried,
the bottle would have spoiled and we would have called attention to it right away.
You can check it out.
And where did he put them, the coins?
It is an object that everyone has to use, too,
as indispensable as money.
It is an object
that, if you put in a lot of 10 yen coins,
becomes a weapon that is popularly known as a "black jack".
A sock! A sock?
Isn't it, Mr. Kyoto Honma?
But how do you know it was him?
Eisuke and Mr. Tamai also wear socks.
Because Mr. Honma's foot is very swollen.
What?
May I?
It's... it's true!
Because when he went to the wrong door and entered our booth,
he collided with Mr. Arimoto and fell to the floor.
As his foot was not yet swollen,
his shoe slipped off.
But now he has to wear two socks, one on top of the other,
probably in order to hide the victim's blood,
which has left a stain on the sock he used as a weapon.
By the way, Mr. Honma had a carton of tobacco!
He must have taken an empty carton from his house
and, after committing the crime,
he bought several packs of tobacco from the machine
in order to get rid of the 10 yen coins
and put them in cardboard to disguise them.
When they open the tobacco machine,
they will find a large amount of 10-yen coins.
In addition, if the sock is stained with blood,
the coins in the machine will also have traces of blood on them.
mixed with Mr. Honma's fingerprints.
He was in a hurry to get rid of the coins and run away quickly,
and you didn't take the precaution of putting on gloves.
So you lied to us,
when you declared that you had never seen the victim?
Not only had he seen him, but he knew him.
What are you saying?
The victim's first name is Tatsumi.
When you feel him for the first time,
it's impossible to tell if it's a man or a woman.
However, Mr. Honma said earlier...
that either of them could have been found
in the hallway or in the men's room,
so he knew perfectly well that the victim was a man.
I don't think he expected to find a woman... in the men's room.
Yes... He knew.
I will never, ever forget... the face of that bastard,
the face of that kidnapper!
-Kidnapper? -Yes, exactly.
That man kidnapped my son,
found out that I had reported him to the police...
...and killed him.
He was just a 4-year-old boy.
But now I've taken revenge.
Dad!
Oh, my God!
Inspector.
? Do you remember the kidnapping case
that was a year ago in the Okuhochi neighborhood?
Yes!
I heard that they had arrested the culprit,
but that they had to release him for lack of evidence.
Yes.
They never found the murder weapon.
It looks like he used
the same trick I used to kill him.
That's why you've been following her until you found the ideal spot
so he could apply the sock trick and avenge his son's death.
That is, a place like this karaoke,

which has individual booths and a tobacco machine.
Yes.
The truth is that you should be grateful to me.
For the content of the photos I had taken,
I figured you should be the next victim.
If I were as observant as you, they wouldn't have... kidnapped my son.
And I wouldn't have been forced to do... this animal thing.
(Sonoko: sighs)
In the end, the celebration was a disaster.
Yes...
But you've left me in awe.
You are the queen of deductions!
Yes...
(Eisuke) In Sleeping Kogoro I couldn't have done better!
Yes.
In Shinichi I was also the king of deductions.
(Eisuke) Really?
(thinks) "I don't remember anything at all!"
In Shinichi, you say?
You mean in Kudo, that teenage detective?
Yes!
He's Ran's runaway husband!
Sonoko!
But... you two were married, so young?
Oh!
Me, married to that one?
What nonsense!
He's working on a case and has long since disappeared.
Like a husband working abroad.
"The truth is, we're living together."
Guys, I still have to go buy another book for school,
I'll see you!
Now?
Isn't it too late?
Don't suffer, I'll go with him and then I'll accompany him to your house.
Ok...
So what.
What do you want?
Why did you want to accompany me?
That you want to explain something to me? Yes...
I've been thinking about it for a long time.
I've decided to go to America.
What?
And you'll take the witness protection program?
No, I declined the FBI's offer.
As I told you before, I don't like to feel tied to anything.
Besides, as luck would have it,
it seems that this criminal organization you told me about
hasn't noticed me yet.
And why do you want to go to America?
To join the CIA, like my father and sister!
When I become a CIA agent,
I will unmask all the criminals in the world
until, one day, my sister and I will sink...
Before you join the CIA,
maybe you should learn to control your movements.
Ah... Maybe so.
(thinks) "Besides, the CIA is an organization...
"That looks out for the national interests of the United States."
"I don't know if you know that."
And why did you go back to high school,
if you want to leave for America?
Because I wanted to see my new friends before I left..,
even if it was only for a few weeks.
Besides, I want to tell Ran something.
What?
I'll tell her that I've been in love since the first day I saw her.
I have never met a girl so beautiful and so nice!
But... it seems to me that she likes Shinichi,
and the problem is that I don't know exactly
what the relationship is between the two of them.
I got it!
Could you get a message to Shinichi?
Ask him for me...
if it's okay if I tell the Ran how I feel about her.
I'm not going to stand her up... like Shinichi has been doing lately!
I'll ask her to come with me to America,
we'll live together and be happy!
(Shinichi voice) No way.
Conan, I don't want to hear your opinion, I want to hear Shinichi's opinion.
(At the same time) That's why I'm telling you no.
Wait... moment.
You must not be...?
(At the same time) Yes, I'm Shinichi.
I've finally solved the mystery!
The first time I went to see Detective Mouri,
I did so because I had heard
that he had talked to Rena Mizunashi before she disappeared.
I didn't know then that she was my sister
and that she worked for the CIA,
and I was convinced
that in Kogoro Mouri was an unscrupulous criminal
who had her locked up and hidden somewhere.
That's why I started investigating Mr. Mouri.
That's how I discovered something.
That his capacity for deduction had changed radically
from the day he started appearing in Sleeping Kogoro.
And I also discovered that you were always by Sleeping Kogoro's side.
I know that you have done everything possible
so that no one would find out that you've been dwarfed,
but I knew you were Shinichi Kudo!
(Shinichi voice) You knew?
I don't know why, but I can't believe it.
Seriously, I thought so!
The first appearance of Sleeping Kogoro
coincided with your disappearance from high school.

Besides, I've always made it look like I was a handyman,
but it was all pure comedy.
What? Yes!
Remember what I told you when we first met?
Oh.
Nice to meet you, Detective Mouri!
It's an honor to be able to talk to you.
Was it also a set-up to lure me into the trap?
Yes, but it's true that I fell in love with the Ran.
I would like you to make her happy.
Oh, by the way, you know? What?
It looks like something serious has happened at the FBI.
What's that?
Ah... It seemed to me that one of their men had died.
But if they haven't explained anything to you, I guess everything's fine.
"Yes... Everything is fine."
We don't have any orders today either.
(Mobile: vibrates)
"Who should it be, at this hour?"
"Code name... Bourbon!"
We know for sure that one of these 3 people has set fire!
(Think) "It's here. Very close. It's one of the men in black!"
Don't miss the next episode!
"Red, white, yellow and the Junior Detective League."
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

