Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
The red, white and yellow colors of a newspaper
will be the key clue to solve a case.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

"Red, white, yellow and the Junior Detective League."
(School bell)
-Bye! -Bye!
Ooh... There's nothing at all.
We don't have any errands today either.
What a bummer!
Better, this means things are going as they should.
That's it! (Mobile: vibrates)
(Thinking) "Who should it be, at this hour?"
Well, I'm bored!
When we were commissioned the last case?
(Jodie) Hello? (Jodie) "Hello, boy!"
I guess you've already folded from school.
(Shinichi voice) Yo-Jodie, it's you!
(Jodie) What happened?
I've been trying to reach you for days and there's no way!
Yeah, it's just that during that murder case at the New Beika Hotel,
my cell phone broke and I had to buy a new one.
Besides, with everything that's happened, I've decided to change my number.
But don't worry, don't suffer:
the girl who continues to infiltrate the organization has my new number.
You mean... Rena Mizunashi?
"Yes. By the way, we recently heard from her."
She looked for a time to call us on the sly...
and we couldn't talk for a long time,
but she passed on some very important information.
A new member has joined the organization.
He is a very observant and perceptive spy,
and, apparently, he has a great ability to search for information.
His code name is... Bourbon.
Be careful.
In fact, he only had time to tell us that.
From Rena's tone of voice,
I deduced that this new spy must be a very dangerous character.
And I imagine that his main target...
"... is that dark-haired girl
"That the organization knew by the name of 'Sherry'."
We must be patient!
Surely.
The FBI could put her under surveillance to try to protect her,
but if we did that, we might only get...
"...the men in black finding out where she is."
"We'd better stay out of the way...
"And that you're in charge."
"Protect the girl, but don't let your guard down."
If you see anything suspicious, call me right away.
(Phone: tut-tut)
(Think) "Code name... Bourbon!"
What do you want us to do, from now on, guys?
-Oh.
Look how it's raining.
Guys, guys!
How about we go play foul doctor?
-Yes!
Good idea! Yes!
You mean you want to go to see Dr. Agasa
to consult him about something, right, detective?
If I'm not mistaken, the person who called you was Jodie from the FBI.
Uh... Well...
Don't worry!
I've always told you that you don't have to worry about anything.
What about head doors?
I'm sure you're hiding something from me.
I'm not telling you that nothing's happened again.
(Mitsuhiko) A case!
(Mitsuhiko) What?
There's a case related to Conan and the Ai?
(Mitsuhiko) No, after him!
Let's see.
You're in Kaito Sugiura, first A, right?
According to what you've told us,
your father is the owner of a small block of apartments
where 3 tenants live.
One of these tenants behaves suspiciously at night,
and you want us, the Junior Detective League,
investigate her and find out what she does.
Yes.
So, tonight we'll stay over at your place,
so we can keep an eye on this man.
Yes!
That's perfect!
Besides, tomorrow is Saturday and we don't have to go to school.
-That's true! -No!
Today it can't be.
Tonight... I wanted to stay and play cards with my father.

That's why you have left...
the order form to the locker for later,
thinking that if we found it today,
in the evening, you wouldn't be able to play cards with your father.
Well... yes.
But, then, don't you understand that we wouldn't have found your note...
until Monday of next week?
That's right...
Tell me, what does this person do at night that seems so suspicious to you?
Why don't you come and sleep at my place tomorrow night
and see for yourself, Kurosh... Uh..., Edogawa?
Yes, that's all right.
In fact, you can come a little earlier, around noon,
so I can show you my house in daylight.
So, we'll go to your house after lunch, huh?
-My house is number 23 in district 2 of the Beika neighborhood,
it's a block of apartments called Mokuba.
See you tomorrow, Kurosh... Eh...
Edogawa!
Good bye!
Yes, bye.
Why did he only talk to Conan?
Also, I don't understand why he called him Kurosh.
(Ayumi) He must have mistaken him for someone else.
Mokuba building, number 23 of district 2 of the Beika neighborhood...
Do you know the building where he says this boy lives?
Actually no, but it seems to me that it's quite close to where the doctor lives.
Yes.
When I go home, I walk past it often.
It's a small, old building, but the apartments look cozy.
Beika district...,
district 2..,
number 23.
Mokuba building.
It's here, isn't it?
(Genta) It can't be!
It's all burned down!
(Ayumi) My goodness!
Come to think of it, I heard the firemen's siren tonight.
Where could that boy be?
What happened to Kaito?
What if when the fire broke out, he...?
Wow!
-Calm down, this Kaito you are looking for is fine.
He has a few minor burns,
but he was rescued by the firemen and now he's in the hospital.
-Are you serious? -What a break!
Inspector Yuminaga!
Oh, my goodness... But in your nano in Mouri!
It's been a long time since we've seen each other!
"Yes, Inspector Yuminaga is the one who handled the case....
"From that arson we stumbled upon by chance...
"Once when Heiji Hattori came to Tokyo."
Were there any victims of the fire, Inspector?
Yes, but fortunately no one was killed.
But your friend Kaito's father is badly burned...
and is in intensive care.
So when the fire broke out,
both Kaito's family and the rest of the tenants
have managed to get out of the building, right?
The boy's mother was out of town.
We called her at the hotel where she was staying,
She was very surprised and told us she would be right back.
As for the other 3 tenants,
when the fire broke out all 3 were away from home
and did not return to the building until this morning.
They were not there?
But the fire happened at night!
Yes, it happened at half past five at 3 am.
But the tenants are not exactly creatures,
it's not uncommon for them to spend a night away from home
and not return until the next morning.
One of these 3 people must have set fire in the building!
How?
Yesterday afternoon, Kaito explained to us....
that one of your tenants was doing some strange things at night.
We came to investigate and found the house burned down!
I see what you mean.
-Excuse me, Inspector. -Mm?
We found this in the ash.
What is it?
Mm?
If it isn't... Kaito's diary!
Let's see, the last page he wrote is from... July 4th,
that is, yesterday.
"It was a horrible day this morning."
"I had to get up early to go to school," he said,
"But I'm sure the red man could have slept in."
What does that mean, "the red man"?
"When I came home from school, I stumbled into the hallway at home."
"Luckily, I ran into the white man who was about to leave."
"Tonight, the red man, the white man and the yellow man were out..."
"The father and I were left alone
"And I wanted to stay and play with him a while longer,
"But tomorrow the boys from the Detective League are coming...
"And I have to go to bed early."
"But in the middle of the night... someone has come and now he's arguing with the father."

"That someone is the yellow man."
"Maybe the father has discovered that he does strange things."
"I'm very afraid."
"I'll cover my ears and go to bed."
"Tomorrow I have to explain all this to Conan Edogawa."
So, it's obvious that the yellow man is the one who set fire to the building!
Inspector Yuminaga, what kind of people are these tenants?
Well...
Excuse me, can you tell 3 tenants to come here for a moment?
Yes, sir.
Oh!
Oooh!
(Thinks) "This feeling...
"This look that paralyzes its victims...
"This pressure that feels like it's going to rip your insides out..."
What's the matter with you?
"It's here. Very close. It's one of the men in black!"
"It's here. I'm sure of it."
"It's one of the men in black."
"But why? What's he doing here?"
"So much is, I don't have time to think."
"We have to run away! We must leave here right now!"
"Let's run away!"
"He's disappeared!"
Are you all right, Haibara? What?
Yes.
-You're making a face. What's wrong with you?
I'd appreciate it if you'd answer a couple more questions, gentlemen.
Come with me, please.
Well, which of these 3 men is it that you say was doing strange things?
We don't know.
We came to see Kaito because he explained it to us.
Wow, man!
I could have started there!
Say, what do these 3 men do for a living?
Ah... The one on the right, the one with the band-aid on his face,
is a carpenter and his name is Ryuhei Hoso.
The guy with glasses is Subaru Okiya, a university student.
The chubbiest thing is called widget Makabe and works part-time.
I don't know which of these 3 tenants should be the yellow man?
Inspector, may I know which "yellow man" you are talking about?
Wow... read this and you'll understand.
It's the diary of the landlord's son.
The afternoon before the fire,
in Kaito asked for help in investigating one of the tenants
who was behaving strangely in the evenings.
These three creatures are here.
-We are not creatures! -We are much more than that, sir!
We are the Junior Detectives!
It's true, the diary talks about you.
It's odd that it refers to the 3 tenants by colors
instead of names.
According to the contents of this intimate diary,
there is no doubt that the yellow man is to blame for the fire.
Yes, you are right....,
but the problem is that we have no idea
which of the 3 tenants is the yellow man.
None of the 3 has a name related to a color.
(Agent) And there's no one wearing yellow either.
We have a carpenter, a student and a part-time worker.
At first it seems that we can't relate them to colors.
-The colors red, white and yellow... They look like flower colors.
Well, I only see a black one.
Black?
There's one with darker skin.
-That's true, and the guy with the glasses has very white skin.
Anyway,
I think we should continue to thoroughly investigate this matter
until we find out which of the 3 tenants is the yellow man,
the alleged perpetrator of the fire.
Come on!
Why do we have to explain the same thing again?
Last night, I went out for a drink...
with my head and my colleagues from the carpentry workshop where I work as an apprentice.
The thing is that we just checked it out,
and they've confirmed that you left the group
at one o'clock in the morning.
Yes.
I hadn't had a drink in a long time and I picked up a good Turkish.
I lay down on a bench to wake myself up a little bit
and fell asleep.
When I woke up, it was already dawn.
Already, then, at seven o'clock on 3,
the time when the fire broke out,
there was no one by your side, if I understood correctly.
Well... no, sir.
What happened to him?
How come you have a band-aid on your face?
Did you have a fight with someone?
-You don't have to do anything, brat! -Answer me, please.
I hit myself with a sheet of wood while I was working.
We apprentices often get hurt.
You see?
It's all injuries!
By the way, what is your favorite color?
Eh?
The color?
Navy blue.
I go surfing once in a while.
No, last night I went for a drive.

When I have already prepared the presentation I have to give in class, I usually go for a drive,
I usually go for a drive.
And do you remember where you were driving yesterday?
Namiki Road, along the Teimuzu River.
That's where I drive from time to time
when I feel like seeing green scenery.
Normally, I was the one who did the watering,
the plants in the garden of this building every day.
It is obvious that the owner was not very interested in gardening.
Well, that's good.
So your favorite color is green?
No.
Mm... If I had to pick one, maybe it would be black.
Because it's a color that covers the secrets
that people don't want to be known.
But..., by the same token, it's one of my least favorite colors.
Last night I went to see a movie in the Haido neighborhood.
It lasted all night, from 10 am to 5 am.
It was a trilogy of "The Gomera Monster".
-Was it alone? -Yes, sunshine...
I had arranged to go with a colleague from the network,
but in the end he couldn't come.
-A colleague from the network, you say? -Yes.
During my free time,
I do some intraday trading.
From time to time, I exchange information...
with a few friends I have on the Internet.
Does this mean that you trade the stock market in a single day?
In fact, it's just a hobby, sir.
I don't invest large amounts of money.
Earlier you said you worked part-time.
Is that how you make a living?
Uh... Yes, I record same-day delivery charges.
And that's...
related to public works?
What's that?
I mean, because he's got dirt under his fingernails.
No, it's just... I got my hands dirty...
while playing a game of strategy.
We had to crawl through the woods.
In the end, I got nailed,
and got paint all over my uniform.
So, your favorite color must be...
what is customary for camouflage, that is to say, the...
Yes..., the dark brown color.
Listen, inspector.
Is there any connection between our favorite color and the fire?
-In fact, we suspect it may have something to do with it.
-Hey, Mitsuhiko. -What?
-Can you give me a hand? -Oh, yes.
You'll have to walk backwards for a while.
Just do this.
Walk backwards?
What's that, behind us?
Don't turn your head.
All I'm asking you
is that you don't stop staring at me, okay?
Yes!
(Thinking) "This is it. I'm sure."
"Earlier, I noticed pressure from one of the men in black."
"I have to find out who it is and remedy it."
"I don't want these children involved!"
Ouch.
Haibara, you're hurting me!
Ah!
I'm sorry!
You hurt yourself?
What?
Ouch... No, I'm fine.
You see?
It's just a scratch on my elbow.
You got it, kid.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Put a Band-Aid on it.
Well, thank you very much!
Don't you need it?
Don't worry about it.
My boss advised me to always carry it with me,
in case it hurt.
(Inspector) If it has nothing to do with your favorite color,
why did the ten call you "the yellow man"?
Hey, Inspector.
You mean it's not too risky a thing
to take Kaito's diary literally?
After all, the guy could have made it all up.
-He didn't make anything up!
Kaito told us that one of the building's tenants was doing strange things at night.
was doing strange things at night.
He had no need to make up a story like that!
Yes, besides, if a child had done something wrong,
you, the gentlemen of the police,
would first talk to the adults around him or her
to try to understand the personality of the child in question.
I'm not wrong, am I?
But, also... it could be the other way around.
Even if it's just a child, in Kaito observed the tenants,
and gave them a nickname according to the character of each of them.
Like Copper... Beeches.
What?
That's what he said in Holmes to Dr. Watson
in "The Adventure of the Copper Beeches Estate."
"Dear Watson, as a doctor,
"You always try to understand a child's personality
"By asking questions of his parents and the people around him,
"Isn't that true?"
"Haven't you thought that you could also do it the other way around?"
Was it like that?
Wow!

So, you also like Sherlock Holmes?
Yes.
I had the entire collection,
but only the ashes will have remained.
Let's leave it at Holmes, now.
We should focus on the boy's diary.
-Hey. -Hey.
May I see Kaito's diary?
-Yes, sure, maca. -Thank you.
Inspector!
What?
You found something else, officer?
Yes.
Next to Kaito's room, there were...
all of miniature cars.
"Miniature cars?"
What's so strange about it,
that there are toy cars in a child's room?
What struck me is that there were so many of them,
I'd say more than 100.
-Look, what could that be? -What have you seen now?
What do you mean?
Look, here.
He must have erased and rewritten the name "Edogawa" more than once
the name "Edogawa" more than once, because he's messed up the page.
Maybe there was a spelling mistake.
No.
Below is the name he had written before, and there were no mistakes.
It said... Kurosh.
"Kurosh...? Kuroshiro, maybe?"
A while ago, I called the hospital...
and Kaito's mother explained to me...
that her son called her last night very excited
to tell him that he had invited to sleep at his house
a very clever boy from his class
who always solved all the mysteries that happened at school.
It seems that in Kaito he called him Kuroshiro!
That's why in Kaito he kept saying "Kurosh"!
Kuroshiro is Conan's nickname!
But Kuroshiro means "black and white"!
(Mitsuhiko) When in Kaito comes out of the hospital,
we ask him why he gave Conan that nickname.
No.
It seems to me that there won't be.
To live up to my nickname,
I'll tell you who has white hands and who has black hands.
We will soon find out which of the 3 is the arsonist in yellow...
who started the fire.
(Mitsuhiko) All 3 suspects have stated
that they spent the night of the fire outside the house
and did not return until this morning.
This means that one of you 3 is lying!
I know which one of you is the man in yellow,
the arsonist who set the fire.
What are you talking about?
(Thinking) "Wow! At home there's...!"
"Shinichi! Shinichi is back!"
Don't miss the next episode!
"In Conan and the mystery of the double code."
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

