Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
Today we have two cases!
Dare to solve them both!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

"There's a new member to the men in black organization."
"His code name is Bourbon, and he's targeting.... Haibara?"
"In Kaito Sugiura has tasked us at the Junior Detective League.
"That we investigate one of his father's tenants.
"Who behaves suspiciously at night."
"When we arrived at the building, we found her burned."
"In the diary of in Kaito, who has been saved from the fire.
"The three tenants come out with the nicknames...
"Of the red man, the white man and the yellow man."
"In Kaito wrote
"That the tenant that did strange things was the yellow man,
"and we suspect he might be the same one who set fire to the house."
To live up to my nickname,
I'll tell you who has white hands and who has black hands.
We will soon find out which of the 3 suspects....
is the yellow arsonist who set the fire.
"In Conan and the mystery of the double code."
What do you mean by the yellow arsonist?
Is it true that you were able to recover the diary of a creature?
Yes, we have found the personal diary of Kaito,
the son of the owner of the burned building.
Kaito wrote in his diary that suddenly, in the middle of the night,
the yellow man came home and started arguing with his father.
All 3 have stated that they spent the night of the fire away from the house and did not return until this morning.
and did not return until this morning.
This means that one of you 3 is telling a lie!
-The yellow man is the tenant who is lying and who has set fire to the house.
and who set fire to the building early this morning.
Well, I know the son of the owner of this building.
This child says that one of us is the yellow man?
Yes...
Don't worry, it's just a child's opinion.
I shouldn't have talked about the yellow man with the suspects.
(At the same time) No?
(At the same time) Why not?
Because if they know that the yellow man is the one who set the fire,
the culprit will try to deny that he has anything to do with the color yellow.
-I get it. -Of course.
Guys, don't worry.
I already know which one of you 3 is the man in yellow,
the arsonist who set the fire.
What are you talking about, you?
Are you serious about this, Conan?
Yes.
Let me have the diary, Ayumi.
It has.
Kaito's diary also talks about a red man and a white man.
I've guessed who the red man and the white man are,
so I've also been able to figure out who the yellow man is.
There was also a red man and a white man?
Yes.
This is what this diary says.
"It was a horrible day this morning."
"I had to take off very early to go to school," he said,
"But I'm sure the red man could have slept in."
This means that the red man did something specific every morning,
but yesterday, since it was raining,
it wasn't necessary for him to get out early to do the same thing he did every morning.
What do you think he did in the morning?
Hang out the clean clothes?
When it rains, sports days are cancelled.
Older people don't do sports days.
He watered.
-Watered the plants. -Ah.
It is true!
Yes.
By Kaito, the red man is the tenant...
who watered the plants in the garden every day.
That is, Mr. Okiya.
Anyway, I don't quite understand...
why he called him "red man" in the diary.

They found a collection of miniature cars
in en Kaito's room, right?
I'm sure en Kaito is very fond of cars.
If I tell you to imagine a red car, what's the first thing that comes to your mind?
what's the first thing that comes to your mind?
(At the same time) A fire truck!
Now I understand!
Every morning, Kaito saw this man watering the plants in the garden,
and he related it to a fire truck,
that's why he gave him the nickname "red man".
So, the white man must also be related to a car, right?
But there are a lot of white cars!
An ambulance.
According to Japan's transportation traffic law,
ambulances must be white.
(At the same time) Sure!
But who must be the man... who was driving the ambulance?
What are ambulances for?
To transport the wounded.
They also carry material to cure people.
Yes.
I've got it.
Band-aids!
The white man often gets hurt,
that's why he always carries a few band-aids.
It's Mr. Hoso!
In fact, the diary said:
"When I came back from school, I stumbled in the hall."
"But, I bumped into the white man who was about to leave."
Yes, the nano got a scrape on his knee....
and offered him one of the band-aids he was carrying.
Whenever he was in pain, I always gave him a Band-Aid.
Maybe that's why I looked like an ambulance.
All we have left is the yellow man, then.
Cabs are yellow, aren't they?
But there are also white and green ones.
The bulldozers are yellow too.
Fair!
The yellow man has dirty fingernails.
Mr. Makabe, the yellow man is you!
What... what t'empatolles?
I've told you before...
that I got my fingernails dirty during a game of strategy
we did in the middle of the forest.
Earlier you said that you were hit by a paint ball
that made you lose your camouflage uniform.
Well... yes.
In Japan, the weapons used in strategy games...
are fake guns that shoot plastic projectiles.
Paintballs are only used
in a war game called paintball.
Wow.
But they are two very similar things!
Paintball projectiles
contain a kind of soluble paint that marches with water.
And so?
I... no...
Besides, he said...
that his favorite color was the brown of the camouflage uniforms,
but, in fact, these kind of uniforms...
are usually basically dark green.
Listen.
Is it true or not, that you were playing this strategy game?
It's just that I'm still a beginner.
We should... take a look
in the area where the building's garden used to be.
In Kaito's diary, the newspaper claimed
that the yellow man was behaving strangely at night.
If we take into account that Mr. Makabe has told a lie
so as not to have to explain how he got dirt under his fingernails,
everything suggests that he was engaged
to secretly dig up the soil in the garden to bury something very important.
in order to bury something very important...
which, evidently, he didn't want anyone to discover.
Possibly, we will find...
the money he earned on the stock market, for example.
-What's the meaning of this? -Oh. -Oh.
Ah...
There are two briefcases hidden...
with the money I've earned on the stock market.
About 200 million yen.
That's a lot of money!
Why did you bury this money in the garden?
To save my taxes, inspector.
But last night,
"When I came back from the cinema,
"the owner started asking me questions."
"I got nervous, I pushed him...
"He rolled down the stairs.
"And, seeing that he didn't move, I got really scared."
Then, I thought...
that if I set fire in the building I could restart it...
Restart it, you say?!
Don't you understand?!
This is not just any game
that can be restarted by touching a key on the computer!
In a single night,
a building more than 10 years old, full of memories,
has turned into a pile of ash!
There is nothing here that can be restarted!
I can assure you that the game of your life is not over yet!
I will personally see to it that he serves the sentence he deserves!
Kaito and his father were not to blame for all this!
Inspector!
A call from the hospital.
Hey ?!

The father's operation was a success,
and they say that Kaito has already regained consciousness.
Ah, perfect!
(At the same time) What a rest!
As for the huge fortune he has won playing the stock market,
we'll use it to rebuild the building.
-Yes. Come on, let's go to the police station.
(Mitsuhiko) But there's still one mystery left to solve.
Why is Conan's nickname Kuroshiro, black and white?
-Is there any car that is black and white?
I'll bet you anything...
he was referring to the police patrol cars.
Since he always beats us in Conan, he considers him a real cop.
So long, man.
So long, man.
Guys, what do you say...
if we all go together in the hospital to see Kaito?
Let's go!
The doctor could take us, if he doesn't have work to do with some invention.
The doctor?
Does he have an acquaintance who's an inventor or something?
Of course he does.
-He's always busy making very strange inventions.
Oh, my goodness!
I'd love to be introduced to him.
-All right!
We will accompany you. I thank you.
(Agasa) So you study at the Faculty of Engineering?
When you finish your degree, you will be able to compete with me.
(Laughs) I would not want it!
By the way, you have a huge house.
Do you live with this girl, Dr. Agasa?
Yes.
Well... would you mind having another tenant temporarily?
What do you mean?
It turns out there's been a fire in the building where I was living.
If you'd be so kind as to let me stay for a few days
until I can find another apartment to rent, I'd be very grateful.
When I have some free time,
I'll give you a hand with your experiments, of course, doctor.
All right, I don't mind.
If it's all right with her, too.
Maybe she could stay at Shinichi's place.
At Shinichi's, you mean? Yes.
At the moment, no one lives there.
Look, it's next door.
I'll give you the key myself.
Gee, it's a great house.
Can I stay?
Yes. I came!
What are you doing?
You can't open the doors of your house to a stranger!
What will happen if he discovers your secret?
Do not suffer.
A Sherlock Holmes... Sherlock Holmes can not be a bad person.
I've got it.
Here's the key to the house.
Is there really no objection?
Maybe we should check with this Shinichi guy.
Yes, I'll write him an e-mail later.
That's very kind of you, thank you, my boy.
In return, protect the house as if it were your own.
Yeah, take it easy, man.
It's unbelievable!
A fire, a kidnapping, a hit-and-run...
It seems unbelievable that so many things like this happen every day.
(Ai) You seem very calm.
How do you know that you can trust 100%...
in the man you have in your house that you don't know at all?
Oh, you mean Subaru Okiya?
Don't suffer, woman!
If you say so...
It's all right.
(Mitsuhiko) Alert, Conan! What?
(Mitsuhiko) Be careful!
Excuse me, boy!
Genta!
A paper airplane?
What do these drawings mean?
It looks like... the flag of Japan.
How can you not know?
Don't you know anything, the paper airplanes that have shaken the public opinion?
The day before yesterday and yesterday, during 2 days,
more than 100 paper airplanes have been collected.
that someone had scattered all over the city.
It is clear that all the airplanes had these strange round drawings on them.
these strange round drawings.
(He thinks) "It's true, I've read it before,
"when I checked the news on my cell phone."
Well, it must have been a joke.
Paper airplanes only appear at night.
Whoever did it must have been someone
who was stressed out and wanted to have fun.
Now that you're talking about stress,
they're doing a rerun of "The Stress Murder Case" today.
What? Yes.
The series based on Kaori Shinmei's detective Samoji.
I would love to watch it again!
So would I, but I don't think we made it in time.
"I didn't know it was today, the rerun!"
"I already missed it the first time!
"Because at Kogoro I wanted to watch Yoko Okino's special program!"
"Wait a minute..."
"It seems to me that the Ran said she had exams today!
"And I would only go to school until noon."
"I'll ask her to record the episode for me."
(Kogoro) No, Ran hasn't come back yet.
She told me earlier that she would be late today.

Yes?
Why?
"I wanted to go back to that detective friend's house
"To do a little cleaning."
"But there isn't any! Ran always does more than he should do."
Anyway, you will also serve me.
Can I ask you a favor?
What is it?
If you need money, forget it.
"No, it has nothing to do with money."
"Wait a minute... Oh, man! At home there's...!"
Boy!
If you don't want money, what do you want?
Hey, Conan!
Whoever understands, let him buy it!
"...from the terrace of the building behind me."
"The police have not yet located the hostage,
"The president of the shipbuilding company..."
The truth is that I didn't expect anything...
that Eisuke's big shot would go to live in America.
I don't understand why he went back to high school,
if he intended to leave soon after.
I'd like to know how things are going for him now.
Speaking of missing... What?
What should he do, Shinichi?
He doesn't seem to be back yet, does he?
No.
(Sighs)
Today, as usual, the Ran will be cleaning up,
while looking forward to Shinichi's return!
I'm not looking forward to anything!
Whatever you say,
you've gotten used to coming here once a month...
and cleaning Shinichi's house.
Stop criticizing me!
I'm the one who took you to eat that good sandwich.
Okay, I admit it was really good.
But why do you have to come and clean the house of that bumblebee...
who has hardly given you any sign of life?
Come on!
I'm sure it's very hard for him too, all of it.
Wow!
Mm?
What's the matter?
Tell me,
doesn't it feel so cool in here,
as if they had turned on the air conditioning?
Now that you mention it, it's true!
(Think) "Shinichi!"
"Shinichi is back!"
Shinichi!
Where are you?
Shinichi!
I know you're in there!
Say something!
Shinichi!
(tapping)
"It's over there, in the sink!"
I didn't know you were back!
You could have told...
And you... who are you?
Well... I...
My God, if it isn't a thief!
Get out of my way, Sonoko!
I'm not...
Iaaaaaaaaah!
You asked for it!
Go on, Ran, call the police!
Ran?
"He didn't try to get back at them! Who the hell is this?"
What?
You say he's a college student
who's been living here since last week?
That he's cheating on me, Conan?
"No!"
"Do you remember I told you that the house of a boy in my class
"had burned down during the night?"
"Well, this boy was one of the tenants, his name is Subaru Okiya."
And Shinichi, who lives here, already knows?
"Yes, I sent him an email and he replied."
He doesn't mind if he stays for a few days,
but he asked me, above all,
try not to talk too much about him in front of this unknown boy.
"Why?"
"Because he's afraid he'll get curious
"And start stirring up his stuff without permission."
Of course.
Good morning, children!
The teacher has just arrived, I have to hang up.
(Hangs up) Ah... (hangs up) Wait a minute!
This changes everything.
(Ran and Sonoko) We're really sorry!
No...
I'm sorry I attacked you before I asked you anything.
I already told you,
that this guy was too good-looking to be a flat-topper.
What a face!
But it was you who told him, "You asked for it, thief."
Don't worry,
it was my fault too, I should have given him an explanation.
By the way, Okiya, what career are you studying?
Engineering at Tokyo University.
(Thinking) Oh!
Besides being handsome, he's smart!
Excuse me, can I take a picture of you?
You can give me your number, if you want!
For me, it's already done.
I'll tell Kyogoku.
The photo will be enough...
First of all, may I go out to shop?
I haven't eaten anything since I got up.
Only if you let me treat you to make up for it a little.
Would it be too much of an imposition to ask you...
to take me to the Welcome Burger, where you've been eating.
What? I don't remember saying we ate there.
I don't remember saying we ate at the Welcome burger place.
But I made a very simple deduction.

You did something that caught my attention.
Me?
Before, when you thought I was a floorwalker,
"You got brave and came up to me and insulted me,"
but when you realized that I wasn't a criminal,
you immediately turned away from me
and hid behind your long-haired friend,
when it should have been the other way around.
I'm sure it should have been the other way around,
you did it because you found me attractive,
I must have made a good impression on you
and you were embarrassed that I could smell your breath.
"So, I've come to the simple conclusion....
"That we had just tasted the new garlic sandwich
"from Welcome Burger."
How cool!
But there are many other things that carry all!
I also guessed it by the way you picked up your cell phone.
What?
"You touched the cell phone keys with your ring finger,
"which is perhaps the least nimble of them all,
"Because you picked up the potato chips
"with the thumb, index and middle fingers of your right hand,
"which had become oily."
Besides, your friend with the long hair...
still has a little salt around her mouth.
Excuse us.
We have to go to the bathroom!
Who is he, this piece of man?
He's completely blown me away!
And me...
In fact, I have the feeling that we have already met before.
His face reminds me of someone, but I don't know who it could be.
Bah!
I know why you say that.
He'll remind you of your boyfriend, Shinichi.
This Subaru also looks like a detective!
But they don't look anything alike!
And Shinichi is not my boyfriend.
In fact, from what I've seen so far,
it's clear that Subaru Okiya is much better than Shinichi,
as a detective.
Maybe you're right, but Shinichi doesn't do bad at all as a detective.
He-he-he-he.
Why don't we arrange a match... between Subaru and Shinichi?
Today, children, we'll study the names of flowers.
"A message? It's from Ran."
" 'I'm sure you can solve the case of the paper airplanes.'"
"Just now I have one in front of me. We'll send you a picture."
(Think) "What's this?"
"Isn't that the paper airplane that en Genta threw at me this morning?"
"Wait a minute, the one in Genta was a little different."
"There's also a picture of the bottom one.
"Wow! If it isn't...!"
Did you find this in the garden of your house?
Yes, that's why I want to know...
who is the person who has thrown it in the garden of my house
and, above all, with what purpose he has done it.
Yes.
I get it.
It's a very interesting code.
What is it?
Don't tell me you've already solved the mystery!
(Mobile: message tone)
"Oh. A message!"
"It's Shinichi's reply. How quick!"
I'm convinced these paper airplanes are distress messages.
Distress messages?
So, they've been sent by someone asking for help?
Yes.
Besides, you may find yourself in a very compromising situation.
You should see the other paper airplanes, if there are more.
"Send me pictures of the other paper airplanes."
I need to see them as soon as possible.
You don't know him?
In Shinichi is a high school student who plays the role of detec...
It is said... Kinich.
"There's something that held me back."
"It was a strange feeling,
"As if I couldn't talk about Shinichi."
A person's life may be at stake!
You wouldn't stand idly by, would you?
Tell me how I have to do it, Shinichi!
Ran!
Don't miss the next episode!
"The Deduction Match!" In Shinichi vs. in Subaru Okiya."
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

