Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
Has another rival of Shinichi's appeared?
The two detectives will solve the mystery of the paper airplanes!
Always discover the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

There is a new member to the organization of the men in black.
He is a competent spy,
perceptive and with a great ability to find information.
His code name is Bourbon.
We cannot let our guard down.
Once we have solved the mysterious fire
that has burned down Kaito Sugiura's father's building,
in Subaru Okiya, one of the tenants who lived there,
has been staying temporarily at my house,
that is, Shinichi Kudo's house.
The Ran and the Sonoko, who knew nothing,
have taken Subaru for a thief...
...and the poor boy has received a good kick in the nose.
On the other hand, lately there is someone who, night after night,
is scattering over 100 paper airplanes all over the city.
The planes have strange markings on them.
Thanks to the picture sent to me by Ran,
I was able to see one of the planes...
and I realized that it had hidden a message of vital importance.
It was a...
"The combat of deductions! In Shinichi vs. in Subaru Okiya."
(Sonoko) You say you want to see another paper airplane?
-Exactly.
According to what I've been told, between the day before yesterday and yesterday morning...
about 100 were collected all over the city.
If the messages written on the airplanes that were found yesterday
are different from the day before yesterday,
I think I might be able to finish deciphering the message...
and find out where the person asking for help is.
By the way, when did this plane fall in your garden?
We found it the day before yesterday morning,
but first of all I'd like you to tell me
how you know that these planes are distress messages.
For the drawings on the sheet of paper.
The dots on the front
are almost the same size as the ones on the back.
There are 3 stripes and 3 dots,
and the length of each stripe equals 3 dots.
In addition, there is a small space separating the dots.
It matches, exactly, the Morse code,
an international communication system
used in emergency situations.
Is Morse code what you see in old war movies?
in old war movies?
(Subaru) Yes, exactly.
The dots are made by pressing the lever briefly.
When you press the lever longer, you get the dashes.
In morse code,
the 3 dots are the letter "s" and the 3 dashes are an "o".
In other words, SOS... is:
"Short, short, short, short, long, long, long, long, short, short, short, short".
So, all these planes are the message of someone asking for help.
That's what the message I received says.
Don't tell me Shinichi has guessed it too!
And he has also asked me to send him photos of other different airplanes
we've found.
Shinichi?
Come to think of it, the owner of this house was also named Shinichi, right?
You don't know him?
Shinichi is a high school student who plays the role of detec...
It's called... Kinich.
In class there's a boy named Kinich
who's a crack at deductions.
You say it's not Shinichi, but Kinich?
Yes, that's right.
In Shinichi, the boy who lives in this house,
is an ordinary pupil.
An ordinary student?
Well, he didn't seem normal to me at all.
W... w... w... Why do you say that?
Because I haven't found a single object in his house
that proves he lived here.
There are no clothes, no documents, no photos...
If he doesn't have it all hidden somewhere else, of course.
I see what you mean.

Maybe she gathered her things because she knew we were coming to clean up,
and he was embarrassed for us to see them.
Now that you talk about picking up,
now I remember when we went to the Welcome Burger,
"The manager asked one of the employees
"To pick up a paper airplane that had gotten caught on the sign."
Well, let's go get it!
Yes, but don't run so fast, Ran!
Why did you tell him it was called Kinich?
It's just that Shinichi asked me
not to talk about him too much in front of this boy.
Shinichi?
He sent an e-mail to Conan
telling him that he didn't want Subaru to become curious
and start stirring things up.
Right.
Detectives love to pry into other people's things,
but they can't stand it when we pry into their lives.
You're right.
(Thinking) "Besides..., there's something that's been holding me back."
"It was a strange feeling,
"As if I couldn't talk about Shinichi."
Now, let's write the names of the flowers in capital letters, shall we?
(Students) Yes!
(Think) "Ran takes too long to answer."
"Maybe they've only been able to get a paper airplane."
(Mobile: vibrates)
"It's about time! Let's see..."
"You can tell that yesterday's paper airplanes
"Were different from the ones from the day before yesterday."
"I sent you a picture."
"What's this? But there's no picture!"
"Now that I look at it,
"There are 5 stripes marked on the fold of the plane's casing."
"In Morse code, 5 stripes equals the number zero."
"What does this zero mean?"
"Oh, there are also some marks on the underside..."
"But it looks like they're just lines that follow the folds."
"I know what it is!"
The symbol for the antenna... of a cell phone?
That's right, it's the same!
If we join the antenna
with the 5 stripes drawn on the top,
it means "zero coverage".
If we add the first distress message,
we can deduce that the person who has sent the paper airplanes
is imprisoned in a place where there is no coverage and needs help.
How strong!
You are a fantastic detective, Subaru!
Anyway, it doesn't help us to know that it's in a place with no cover.
Such a place could be a cave in the middle of the forest.
No, the paper airplanes were only found inside the city.
And underground?
How do you want it to reach your garden from underground?
Yes, you're right.
Wait, wait, wait!
If airplanes were found yesterday and the day before yesterday, maybe today too!
Of course, of course!
Let's watch the news!
(TV: woman) "We still do not know the identity of the hijacker,
"who committed suicide early this morning...
"by throwing himself from the terrace of a skyscraper while fleeing."
"Mr. Kosan Daita, hostage of the victim...
"and president of a shipping construction company..,
"is still missing."
"Police believe the kidnapper may have acted..."
Everywhere they're talking about the same case.
Yes.
On the morning news they said that this Mr. Daita
is a very hard-working and persevering person
who took advantage of his own experience as a sailor
to make his company grow.
-What were you going to say, Subaru?
That this kidnapping could be related
to the paper airplane case.
"I wouldn't be surprised if she was kidnapped...
"And that he was locked up somewhere
"From where he sends paper airplanes with encrypted messages...
"so that her kidnapper won't find out."
(Sonoko) You mean that President Daita
is the paper airplane guy?
Yes, that's a possibility.
If he had been a sailor,
it wouldn't be unusual for him to have learned to use morse code
to communicate in emergency situations.
He won't know that his hijacker has committed suicide,
so he's trying to call for help without drawing too much attention to himself.
Of course.
If the hijacker had found the paper airplanes,
he would have thought they were just a prank.
The paper airplanes that were picked up yesterday and the day before yesterday
look like they were made from pages torn out of a magazine.
It is possible that President Daita
does not have much freedom of movement
and only has a few magazines at his fingertips.
It could be...
"Next, we turn to the news about paper airplanes."
Coming up!

"Good morning."
"I have just arrived at the park located next to Beika's tower,
"where more paper airplanes were discovered this morning."
"On top of today's airplanes,
"no mysterious markings appear,
"But at the bottom there is a dot... and four semicircles...
"painted on the right and left that appear symmetrical."
"In addition, if we look closely,
"we can also find some very strange folds...
"which raise even more questions."
Some folds, he said? On TV you can't see it very well.
(Children: whispers)
Please sit down, we are doing class!
Conan is making paper airplanes to twisted and straight, Miss.
Hey, Conan, why don't you make them at playground time...?
Miss, please, don't break my concentration.
What did you say?
A person's life may be at stake!
Are you serious?
(Thinking) "Yes."
"The person who has launched the paper airplanes.
"It must be President Daita."
"It's closed in a place where there is no cover."
"But if every night he can launch such a large number of paper airplanes.
"It's very likely that her hijacker has abandoned her."
"Without drink and food, her life is in danger."
"The paper airplanes that were found this morning
"They could be another clue to locate him.
"But I don't understand them!"
"What do the four semicircles and these strange sheets mean?"
"Wait a minute!"
"If this message was also written in Morse code," "What does it mean?
"Maybe 2 semicircles equal a whole point.
"So the four semicircles are two dots."
"In addition, we have another whole point."
"One dot equals the letter 'e', and 2 dots correspond to 'y'."
"This can form two words: either 'ye', or 'ey.
"What on earth must it refer to?"
Of it, ei, Subaru....
In fact, there was more than one way to make paper airplanes, right?
Of course there is more than one way!
Shaped like a lobster or a swallow?
And there are also paper airplanes that are neither bird-shaped
nor do they look like any animal that flies in the sky.
"I've got it! It's here!"
(Genta) Hey, Conan!
What's this?
Is it a paper airplane?
It looks like a squid.
To be a squid would lack a sheet to shape the head, no?
It's not necessary, it's fine as it is.
The person who launched this sheet of paper
wanted us to fold it in the shape of a squid.
What do you mean the guy
who is dedicated to launching mysterious paper airplanes at night?
Yes.
If you unfold the squid,
you turn the sheet upside down and you make a paper airplane...
Look!
We'll get a figure identical to the planes found this morning.
(Mitsuhiko) That's right.
(Ai) Whoever scattered these airplanes wanted the people who found them
(Ai) Whoever scattered these airplanes wanted the people who found them to make a squid out of paper
with strange folds and wide-spaced black eyes.
(Ai) Wait a minute!
You mean this paper airplane thing wasn't a joke?
Apparently, the airplanes that have appeared...
between the day before yesterday, yesterday and today...
had different drawings each day...
It could be that these markings were messages.
But who did it, and why?
Conan is already looking into it, so he's deciphered the Morse code.
(All) Oooh!
-But it's gone! -Where has he gone?
(Sonoko) "Well"?
These 3 dots correspond to the syllable "well"?
Yes.
(Sonoko) Exactly.
I guess this is written in Japanese Morse code.
A single dot is "hé", and if you add 2 more dots...
you turn the syllable "hé" into "bien".
But what does the whole message mean, Okiya?
Do you know this form?
Isn't it the shape...... of a squid?
Think of "squid" as "ika", in Japanese.
Well...... ika...
(At the same time) Beika!
Yes.
Beika's neighborhood.
A play on words!
In fact, all codes are like simple puns.
If it is true that this message has been circulated by President Daita,
who is locked up somewhere in the city,
even if his kidnapper had found it,
he would not have understood the meaning.

So where will he be, President Daita?
The first paper plane was an SOS,
the second one said it was in a place where cell phones have no coverage...
If we put the 3 messages together,
it turns out that it tells us that it is in a place in the Beika neighborhood
where there is no coverage and that he needs help.
But the only place without coverage in Beika is underground.
-It could also be a tall building (at the same time) What?
The cell phone antennas are oriented towards the areas where there is a density of
(at the same time) What? Mobile phone antennas are oriented towards areas where there is a higher population density,
that's why it's more difficult to get coverage in tall buildings.
And even if there is,
normally, the cell phone receives the waves from several antennas around...
"And in the end you still end up without coverage."
As far as I know, there are two skyscrapers in the Beika neighborhood....
"One of them is the hotel, where it would be quite difficult to hide someone,
"Because there are employees going in and out of the rooms."
"In this case, President Daita can only be closed....
"On one of the floors of Beika Tower."
Wow!
It's very close to here! Wow!
The message stating that he had no reception was just a clue
of where they're hiding him,
because the kidnapper would have taken his cell phone.
I think we need to call the police right now.
Yes.
(Cell phone) (thinks) "One call!"
(Shinichi voice) "Ran, it's me!"
"Shinichi!"
"Where are you?"
We're still at your house.
Perfect.
You have to go towards Beika Tower, which is very close.
The kidnapper hide the Daita in one of the high floors!
What?
That you have deciphered the codes of the paper airplanes?
"Yes, but I'll tell you about it later."
"Open the second drawer in my room and get the binoculars."
"Then go to the New Beika Hotel and take the panoramic elevator up."
"Let Sonoko take care of alerting the police, and you hurry up!"
Wow!
I wanted to go with the Ran too.
Anyway, let your friend and the boy take care of it.
The boy?
Wasn't his name Kinich, that guy... that detective?
Oh! (Man) And now!
(Man) And now!
What's this?
From here I can only see the floors on one side of Beika Tower.
I know, and it might be the other side,
"But it's better that than nothing!"
Oh!
What, you found it? "Yes!"
"It's the floor on the right
"Of the thirty-sixth floor on the east side."
"The window's a little open.
"- And there's a bunch of paper airplanes on the balcony."
Ran!
Now that you know where it is, especially don't go alone!
"It's not very likely that the hijacker had an accomplice.
"And that it's still on the floor, but it's still dangerous!"
Then, I'll send a message to the Sonoko....
To tell the police the number of the apartment.
Oh!
What's wrong, Ran? "It can't be!"
I just picked up another plane... made with a 10,000 yen ticket!
What the ?!
"There's no drawing,
"But I imagine it's also been thrown by Chairman Daita!"
Yes, maybe.
"Even if there is nothing drawn,
"If banknotes fall from the sky, everyone will wonder where they came from.
"And people will go to the police."
But he's done it in broad daylight,
and that means he's desperate enough
to risk the kidnapper catching him asking for help.
"So, President Daita is in over his head!"
What?
"The first paper airplanes appeared the day before yesterday morning," he said,
"And that was almost three days ago."
"Besides, the hijacker committed suicide."
"If he's alone and has no food or water,
"He must be on the verge of dehydration or..."
"It's all the same, I'll call the police and an ambulance, you stay where you are!"
What would you do in my place, Shinichi?
"What?"
You wouldn't stand idly by, would you, Shinichi?
Hey, neither would I!
Wait!
I told you that there might be an accomplice of the kidnapper!
"But you also told me that it was highly unlikely, didn't you?"
"I'm sure you'd go into that room and rescue him."

"Tell me how I have to do it, Shinichi! Please, Shinichi!"
-I'm in Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa, from Yamakawa.
I'm coming, I'm coming!
Who is there?
Madam, I have seen a suspicious person on the balcony of this floor...
from the panoramic elevator of the New Beika Hotel!
What? Call the police now! Call the police right away!
(Thinking) "It's here!
(Think) "It's here!"
"To the upper floors there's a fire escape.
"To evacuate people in case of emergency."
"Use it to get down from the floor above."
Who are you?
I found your messages, President Daita,
and I've come to get you out of here.
"Listen to me well. When you find it, throw them on the floor."
"Don't forget to put a pillow under his head."
"Then wet a handkerchief with room-temperature water...
"And put it in his mouth."
A... someone has paid... my ransom?
Don't suffer.
It's all taken care of, calm down and...
"I don't believe it! There was an accomplice!"
I am...
We'll take care of the rest.
They've explained to us what happened, you must be Ran Mouri.
Yes.
The guy who called us on the phone was your boyfriend?
No, well, I mean...
Tell him that next time...
explain the situation to us slowly and clearly.
I understand he was scared,
but he was calling so much
that it was very difficult for us to understand what he was trying to tell us.
-The only thing that became clear to us was that he was desperate.
"In the end, that apartment belonged to the kidnapper,
"who had no accomplice."
"He was drowning in debt and needed to collect the ransom."
"President Daita recovered a few days later...
"And no one remembers those strange paper airplanes anymore."
What?
That Shinichi was scared
and he was shouting to the police and the ambulance service?
Yes.
I can't really imagine him screaming,
because when he gave me the instructions he was calm.
It's just that he got nervous
because the girl of his dreams was in danger...!
Nonsense!
Shinichi is not this type.
And I'm not the girl of his dreams.
"Well, Sonoko got it exactly right."
"I barely remember what I said at that moment,
"When I started screaming."
"All I could think of was... to protect this brave girl.
"Even if it cost me my life."
(Sonoko) By the way, in the end who has won the deduction match....
between Shinichi and Subaru?
I don't know... The deduction match?
By now, Subaru must be having a little drink...
to celebrate finding Chairman Daita safe and sound.
A drink?
"On the kitchen shelf we found a bottle of alcohol...
"That wasn't there the last time we went to clean up."
"Ah..."
Listen, madam.
Can I ask you to tell me the future?
There's something I want to know.
A blue-breasted!
She must have gone out.
It's locked.
"It's a murder... in a locked room!"
Don't miss the next episode!
"The Broken Horoscope"
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

