Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
A white cup with the smell of black coffee,
a mysterious locked room and an invisible murderer!
He always discovers the only truth!
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

"A coffee-scented murder, (part one)"
24 hours with Kogoro Mouri?
Yes, Monday at 9 o'clock, the best time.
We do these programs
that consist of covering the activities of police officers,
and this time we would like to highlight private detectives.
But they don't like to go on TV
revealing their identity and their methods,
because it can represent an obstacle to their work,
that's why many have told us no.
But you are very famous,
and I'm sure it would be a hook for viewers.
That's why I would like to ask you to accept the offer.
It's just that being followed 24 hours a day?
If at any time the presence of the camera bothers you,
just let us know and we'll turn it off.
Before broadcasting the program you will be able to watch it
and we will cut the fragments you don't like.
Even so...
He hasn't been working lately...
That's true.
He spends his days drinking beer,
listening to the horse races and playing cards.
I don't think he's very interesting.
Ah, s-say you don't have a job?
Well, I'm not very busy today...
Shut up!
(Clears throat)
There's always time to prepare something,
or to invent a murder case that hasn't been solved yet...
Father, please!
Make-it-up?
We don't want set-ups.
We could consult with the team, see what they say.
It doesn't have to be a murder,
a rather interesting or curious case would suffice.
-No way!
Even if it wasn't a set-up,
if someone found out that we'd commissioned it,
people would get suspicious right away
and Mr. Mouri's reputation could plummet.
Besides, it's not long before the program is broadcasted...
and we wouldn't have enough time to prepare everything.
That's true.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Can I ask you... if you go out together, you?
What's that?
Is that I'm wearing the same watch.
No, it's just that she gave me this watch for my birthday, and...
I liked the design,
I also... I bought one for myself.
-Maiko has been working for my company since I founded it
and she's always been very good to me,
that's why she seems to be my wife.
What a pity.
We were convinced that you would say yes and we had already arranged a meeting with you.
and we had already arranged a meeting for you with Mr. Nakame.
Mr. Nakame?
He's a producer from Tokyo Television.
The truth is that Mr. Nakame and I had already set up a meeting with him
to discuss the program,
and he asked me to invite you and the crew to his house.
-And how could he throw me away before asking me whether I was doing well or not?
He thought that, when he saw the name of the program's narrator,
I would agree immediately.
The narrator?
Yes, it's written in the proposal I gave you a moment ago.
Mm?
Noooooo!
My Yokoooooo!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You mean the Yoko will come to the meeting to prepare the program?
Yes... Yes, of course.
I accept it with pleasure!
(Think) "Mr. Kogoro is very easy to convince."
(Man) Caram.
Detective Mouri has accepted the proposal?
I knew he would be convinced when he saw Yoko Okino's name!
"Yes. I knew he was a fan, but I didn't imagine he was such a fan!"
Well, try not to make him realize it either way....

that this program is destined to fill the void of a serial that we had to
that we had to pull out due to lack of audience.
-Yes, don't suffer for it.
En Mouri is enthusiastic.
I don't think he suspects that the purpose of this program...
is to plug someone else's hole.
"Take care of what we talked about."
What does he mean?
Money, kid!
Ask for a bigger budget than you need for the program...
and send me the money that's left over.
It's profit.
No, I just... I thought I already told you I wouldn't do it.
"Yeah, you're right."
"That's too bad,
"Now that you thought you could go back to work...
"After all this time..."
Hey, wait a minute, Mr. Nakame!
That's it.
Let it go.
If you take the girl to me, I won't force you to do anything you don't want to do.
- "The girl?" - Your employee, the Maiko!
What?
"You still don't get it?"
"I commissioned the project to a small production company like you
"Because I'm very interested in this girl."
I want to have a competent and hard-working girl like her by my side.
who can act as my secretary.
And if she is also beautiful and elegant, so much the better.
I already told her that neither...
We'll talk about it in more detail in a few days,
when you come to my house with detective Mouri.
(laughs)
(snorts)
What's wrong, Some?
No, don't worry.
Some productions, tell me?
Ah... Thank you, sweetheart.
You're welcome.
"You're late!"
"We've been waiting for more than half an hour."
My Yoko, my Yoko...!
"Although some people don't seem too worried."
-Ha-ha-ha! - (car: horn)
-Excuse me for being late, Mr. Mouri. -No problem.
If you'll excuse me for a moment of nothing,
I'll leave the car in the neighboring parking lot.
Where is Yoko?
She must have already arrived at the producer's house.
"Come to think of it... she had her jacket soaked!"
What?
Yoko couldn't make it in the end?
It looks like she had a last minute problem.
We'll have to schedule the final meeting for another day,
because the program team couldn't make it today either.
There was a problem? What?
When we met the other day, you didn't look so tired.
It's just that... I've been very busy these past few days.
(Ding-dong)
No answer?
He must have gone out when he saw we were late.
I'd be very surprised.
(Ding-dong)
We'll come back.
After all, Yoko isn't here either.
No, don't go yet!
Maybe something has happened to her.
Ah.
Like what now?
The... truth is that lately...
Mr. Nakame has been behaving strangely.
Do you remember the news that came out recently
about the strange set-ups Tokyo TV was doing?
Yes, like the one about travel where there was a brawl?
Yes.
Mr. Nakame was not directly involved in the montages,
but since he was the one who pushed for the program,
he felt responsible.
Lately, every time we went for a drink, he complained.
He said he wanted to die.
Wait a minute!
That's why I'm concerned that he had too much time to think
while he was waiting for us
and it occurred to him...
Well, explain the situation to the administrator of the estate
and ask for the key!
-Afanya't! -All right.
-Thank you very much. You're welcome.
There is a chain.
This means he hasn't left the house.
Mr. Nakame!
Mr. Nakame!
Are you all right?
-We'll have to... break the chain and get into the apartment.
-Go ahead, sir. -Yes, yes, yes.
Mr. Nakame!
We're here!
Where should I keep my slippers?
You don't have to take your shoes off if you don't want to.
Mr. Nakame lived abroad for a while.
Understood.
I'll go take a look in the living room.
In the meantime, you go to the office, Mr. Mouri.
-Yes, Mr. Nakame!
And what do we do?
Do you want us to go into the apartment too, Conan?
You keep watch in the foyer, Ran.
(Some) Mr. Nakame!
What's happened to him?
You stay here! But, Conan!
Mr. Nakame!
Say something to me!
Mr. Nakame!
Mr. Nakame!
Hey, what happened?
-I... I entered the dining room and found her lying on the floor.
-She's not moving! -Don't fuck around!

His breath smells like bitter almonds.
This is cyanide poisoning!
He must have drunk it mixed with the coffee.
It... it was my fault.
If I hadn't been late for the meeting, Mr. Nakame...
Don't waste your time doing the whining
and call the police and an ambulance right now!
What?
Yes!
Hello, is this the police?
We've found a man... There's a dead man!
Come, come quickly, please!
The address?
The address is... tout skyscrapers, twentieth floor.
"I knew it. It was not a suicide, but a murder."
"And the person who planned it must be...
"... if I'm not mistaken..."
So, they were preparing a special program...
which consisted of following a detective for 24 hours.
Yes.
You have come to the producer's house
to have a meeting about this program
and you rang the doorbell, but since no one opened it,
you went into the apartment and said you found the producer,
Mr. Raisaku Nakame, lying on the floor...
and death due to the ingestion of poisoned coffee.
Yes.
As Mr. Nakame would not open up to us,
we asked the manager to bring some keys.
When we cut the door chain
and entered the apartment, we found her dead.
Well, it turns out that the detective who accepted the assignment from the program
who came to the meeting with the president of the production company,
Mr. some...,
and unexpectedly collided with this homicide,
by one of those inexplicable coincidences of life...
it's you again, Kogoro Mouri.
Myself, Inspector.
Don't you find it a little too strange?
Cases like this don't happen every day,
but then again, you're always in on it!
Anyway, let's let it go... This doesn't make any sense.
Yes.
I agree with you.
So, the death was caused by cyanide ingestion, right?
We'll know soon enough.
What did you find?
Let's see, here.
We won't have all the details until we've done the autopsy,
but I'm... almost certain, Inspector.
We can put the time of death
at about half past five, 7:00 this afternoon.
But why were you in such a hurry to get into the apartment?
You even broke the chain!
It's because of something Mr. subdued told me.
It seems that, lately,
Mr. Nakame had been hinting that he would commit suicide.
We considered it an emergency.
I understand.
Even so, Inspector, it might as well have been a homicide.
What?
Why are you saying this?
It's clearly a suicide.
The front door was locked
and secured with the chain.
You are right, the apartment was locked and fenced.
But, since he died of poisoning,
we can't rule out the murder theory.
Are you sure?
The killer could have come to pay him a courtesy call,
"He slipped the poison into her coffee cup,
"excused himself by saying he had an unforeseen circumstance,
"And got up to leave."
"But before leaving,
"He advised Mr. Nakame to lock the door tight.
"And made him put the chain on."
It is a possible situation.
So the culprit has left, it was only necessary...
for Mr. Nakame to sit quietly in the chair
and drink his coffee.
Yes, I hadn't thought of that.
By the way, where were you, at seven o'clock 7,
the estimated time of Mr. Nakame's death?
That... that maybe they suspect me?
No, but it was you who found the body.
We should ask you just in case.
I haven't been feeling very well lately.
I didn't go to the company today, I stayed in bed.
But, half past one at 7 o'clock,
I received a call from Mr. Mouri.
Then, I remembered that we had a meeting at 7 o'clock,
I picked them up and we came here.
As I had slept all day, I felt better.
Just a moment!
What's that supposed to mean?
That you forgot about our meeting?
Yes, I'm sorry.
In Mouri... did you call him on his landline at home?
No.
He called me on my cell phone.
Understood.
Is there anyone who can confirm
that he spent the day at home, in bed, sleeping?
No, there's no one.
I knew it!

I've become the prime suspect, haven't I?
No, don't worry.
These are routine questions.
How strange!
What is it, that seems so strange to you?
Look at the stain under the coffee cup.
Don't touch the evidence!
You're a fucking peeping Tom!
Look at the stain the coffee has made when it spilled.
What's that?
Let's see?
Normally, when you spill a cup of coffee,
the table is left with a round stain in the shape of the plate.
In this case, the spot on the table is not round,
but there are two elongated and very strange marks.
And under the plate there is no trace of coffee.
You are right, boy.
Maybe these 2 elongated marks correspond...
to the shape of the coffee cup that has been knocked over and on the handle.
If we spill a cup full of coffee and don't pick it up,
it will stain the whole board
except the area where the cup and the handle have ended up.
This means that, when Mr. Nakame drank the coffee...
and it fell on the floor,
someone has gone to the trouble of picking up the coffee cup
and put it back on the table in a saucer
once... the coffee had already dried.
But... who did it and, above all, why?
I still haven't been able to find out why he did it,
but I can tell you who did it.
The only person who was able to pick up the cup of coffee
once it had already dried
is Mr. Some, the president of the production company,
the man who entered the apartment before anyone else and found the body.
Stop talking nonsense!
This kid doesn't know what he's talking about.
Yes... the truth is that it could only have been you.
A coffee that has spilled should take an hour to dry, or less.
If we put the approximate time of Mr. Nakame's death at.
"Around half past five, 7 o'clock in the afternoon,
"And we take into account that we have entered the apartment one and a half of 8, or later,
"More like around 8, the coffee had already dried up."
You entered this locked room before anyone else
to get rid of some evidence you couldn't get rid of!
You put the cup on a plate!
Am I wrong?
What evidence are you talking about?!
You have already seen it, under the saucer there was only the stain...
that the coffee left when it spilled!
What need would I have to hide a simple coffee stain?
"The stain of spilled coffee?"
Let me go, Ran, I have to get down! Conan!
Where are you going?
"No. This is not a simple murder."
"It's an impossible crime!"
What's the matter, now, Conan?
You look scared!
Hey, don't you think it's a little strange...
this coffee stain here?
What's that?
We talked about this a moment ago! I mean the dirt!
What's that?
Strange, you say?
The coffee that spilled has gone from the table onto the chair...
it dripped down the legs of the chair and soiled the carpet.
It dripped down the left leg of the chair.
Note the stain on the front of the right leg.
There is a round mark in the middle of the coffee stain.
This can only mean that when the coffee was spilled,
the chair was located a little further forward.
Why did the chair move?
I'm sure it was also him who moved the chair?
when we entered the apartment, for some purpose we don't know yet.
Stop accusing me at once!
I don't understand.
If he moved the chair when the coffee was already dry, the place of the stain?
I've told you before!
Look carefully.
At first, the chair was exactly here.
You see?
If we match one of the stains with the right leg,
the left leg does not match the other spot.
Wow!
This means that, when the coffee started to drip,
the chair was here,
but it moved
before the coffee dripping from the other leg stained the carpet.
Maybe you're right.
The problem is that chairs don't move by themselves.
Besides, there can't be anyone sitting in this chair.
Huh?
Oh! Huh?
Oh! [Laughs]
Yes.
It's clear evidence
that proves that there was someone sitting in this chair
when the coffee spilled from the table.
Isn't that right, Kogoro?
Oh, yes, it is.

Espe... wait a minute, kid!
In this case, we are dealing with a crime...
that has been committed in a closed and fenced apartment...
where there could only be the victim...
You mean it's...?
An impossible crime.
It's a crime in a locked room, inspector.
Wait,
maybe the murderer has been hiding somewhere in the apartment...
and when we entered and came into the dining room,
he fled without our seeing him.
I doubt it very much.
What?
When we entered the apartment,
Conan asked me to stay in the hall to keep watch.
I didn't see anyone come out of the front door
until the police arrived.
Are you serious?
"Yes, it's an impossible crime,
"A murder in a locked room."
"The television producer, Mr. Raisaku Nakame,
"has been poisoned with coffee."
"When the spilled coffee was already dry.
"Someone tried to hide something
"By placing the cup on a saucer on the table."
"This means that, when Mr. Nakame had drunk the poisoned coffee.
"The culprit had already left the apartment."
"The only thing that could have put the saucer under the cup is Some,
"Who is the one who found the corpse."
"But the ground coffee stains don't match anything
"With the front legs of the chair."
"Therefore, when the coffee has spilled there was someone sitting in the chair."
"If this person is the culprit, how did he manage to get out of the apartment?"
"When we arrived,
"The door was locked and secured with a chain."
"A locked room."
"What trick must he have used, the culprit?"
Back again, with your "how strange!"?
That's the third time you've done that to us today, kid.
In Conan says he's starving
and he has asked me for permission to eat the piece of cake
on the table.
It smells like coffee.
I thought so!
In this case, there is only one answer.
"And there is only... one sad truth."
Don't miss the next episode!
"A coffee-scented murder, (part two)"
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

