Waiting does not get things started sooner.
We take a step into the future.
The countdown of love and deductions begins!
A cup of coffee and a slice of cake
tell us about a sad truth and a murderer.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kaze ni makaseta kokoro no ibasho,
matsu no ni ha nareteita keredo.
-Ouch...- Yeah!
-Maai...- Yeah!
Tede.
Oe, oh...
Move Jikan wo muda ni shinai.
Kanjita mono use Jana hazu.
Seat...- Yeah!
-Ppai...- Yeah!
Ka... Kabuga shite.
Ima no jibun ni hoka ni nani ga dekiru ka.
Tashikametemiru Subete wo...
-Ichibyougo ni...- (heart) Love for you!
-Tabun nante...- Irannai.
Omoidoori egaku sugi kaki no nai Sekai wo.
-Ichibyougo ni...- Love for you!
-Chansu tsukamu...- Toki KOSO.
Nokku suru yo Ashita he
ima Kono Mune wo tsuyoku karuyaka ni uchidasu!
Na, na-na, na-na-na-na-na, na, na, na....
Ichibyougoto... Ah...

"Mr. Kogoro received an offer
"To participate in a television program
"called 'Twenty-two Four Hours with Kogoro Mouri'."
"At Shogo Some,
"the head of the production company in charge of taping the program,
"accompanied us to a meeting
"At the home of Tokyo Television producer Raisaku Nakame."
"But the door of the house was locked,
"and Mr. Nakame didn't answer."
"When Some explained to us
"that Mr. Nakame had announced that he intended to commit suicide,
"We alerted the estate manager
"and entered the producer's house."
(Some) Mr. Nakame!
"In the dining room we found Mr. Nakame's corpse,
"who had died from poisoned coffee."
"The cup of coffee had left some marks on the board
"which someone had tried to hide."
"It was probably murder."
"In addition, the coffee stains on the carpeting showed...
"that someone was in the apartment when Mr. Nakame died."
"If the murderer had been in the apartment,
"how had he managed to lock the door and escape?"
"And more importantly, that he had killed Mr. Nakame?"
"A coffee-scented murder, (part two)."
Therefore, there is a possibility...
that the murderer is still hiding in some corner of the apartment.
Search him from top to bottom!
(At the same time) Yes! Wait, Takagi.
I came.
Yes?
Keep in mind that it's likely
that Mr. Some has engineered this locked room trick
and tried to hide all the evidence
when he entered the victim's apartment.
Check that it's true that he didn't go to work all day today
because he was feeling unwell.
(Man) What?
President Some's state of health?
Let's see... he hasn't been feeling well for 2 or 3 days,
and today he didn't come to work either.
We understand.
He says he is not feeling well, but do you know exactly what hurts him?
-He's not in any pain.
I would say... he is worried about work.
"About work?"
We were supposed to do a special program that didn't come out in the end.
What? A special?
A special?
You mean the "24 hours with Kogoro Mouri" program?
Ah, I see you're aware of it.
Yes, it was a program based on the detective's daily routine.
And what happened to the meeting that was to be held at the producer's house?
"It was cancelled."
In Some he said he would personally call Mr. Mouri
to apologize, but I don't know if he did.
-Well, I would say... that he hasn't.
Oh, by the way.
Now that I think about it, this afternoon I thought I saw the president some...
at the pharmacy near the company.
Do you remember what time it was?
It was two quarters of 7.
Two quarters of 7?
(Thinking) "Two quarters of 7."
"If this information is correct, it's a perfect alibi.
"Because the production company is quite far from here."
"But why didn't you explain it to us from the beginning, all this?"
(Woman) Yes, Mr. Some has come at half past six of 7....
to buy some stomach pills.
But what interest can the police have in knowing?
(Takagi) "Don't suffer, it's just that Mr. Some has been involved...
(Takagi) "In an unimportant matter."
What is something related to the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?

I say this because, while Mr. Some was in the store, "He rang his cell phone and I felt that he was calling Mouri's name,
"His cell phone rang and I felt him say Mouri's name."
Well, yes...
In fact, there was also another person who called him, earlier.
What?
And do you know who it was, the person who called you?
-I guess... it was a woman. "A woman?"
Yes, because she called you "Maiko".
What?
Maiko?
"Maiko!"
"She's the girl who came to the detective agency the other day.
"With Mr. Some."
"Is she the one who called Mr. Some's cell phone?"
"The cake is...!"
"Oh! What if it was...?"
"Maybe Mr. Some wanted to get into the apartment before anyone else...
"For another reason."
Smells like coffee.
I thought so.
We haven't found anything.
Listen, this window was closed?
Yes.
We opened it ourselves
and we went out to the balcony to take a look, just in case.
Don't open the window, it's raining a lot.
"The window was closed.
"Still, the white curtain underneath is wet."
"Come to think of it, when Mr. Some arrived with the car," he said,
"His jacket was soaking wet."
And what did you find on the balcony?
What did you find?
Do you think he could have jumped to the next floor, the killer?
No.
And now!
There's a wall separating the balcony from the neighboring houses,
and it doesn't look like anyone's used the emergency staircase
leading to the floor below.
Besides, this is a twentieth floor.
Even though there is only a parking lot downstairs
where not many people usually pass,
if the killer had climbed down from the balcony with a rope.
someone would have seen her.
She would have had to use a hang glider to get away,
and even then... he wouldn't have been able to fly in this deluge.
"In this case, there's only one answer."
"And there is only... one sad truth."
Excuse me, I'd like to know if it's too long...
to let me go home.
It's just that it's getting late,
and the truth is that I feel worse and worse.
Yes, of course.
Wait a moment.
Takagi, have you checked on this boy's health condition?
Yes, I called Mr. Some's company...
and they confirmed that he's had a stomach ache for 2 or 3 days now
and he is not going to work.
A guy who works in his company told me that today,
at half past five in the afternoon at 7 o'clock in the afternoon,
he saw Some in a nearby pharmacy.
At half past five at 7?
Isn't that the approximate time of death?
Yes.
I also called the pharmacy,
and they've confirmed that Mr. Some has gone
to buy some medicine for stomach pain.
Well... he seems to have a pretty good alibi.
Yes, but it seems that the "24 hours with Kogoro Mouri" program...
had been cancelled.
If there was no program,
I don't understand why, instead of warning Mr. Mouri.
he brought her here to meet with Mr. Nakame.
All I can think of is that she had to come
to remove some evidence of the crime that she had left in plain sight.
First of all we will have to solve the mystery of the locked room.
I hope that Mouri will soon have one of his fits of inspiration.
When he makes those strange noises.
If only!
Or maybe in Conan she will make some unintentional remark
that will give us an important clue
to bring out the intricacies of it all.
Why not?
Why don't you let me?
If I say no, it's no!
Stop talking nonsense!
What nonsense did you say, Conan?
It could be a good clue to solve the case!
I don't think so.
He says he's starving
and has asked me for permission to eat the piece of cake from the table.
After all, when we leave he'll have to throw it away.
Why can't I eat it, me? You know what's wrong, Conan?
That this cake could be a very important piece of evidence
and we should still analyze it thoroughly.
Bullshit!
I'm sure you want to take it to eat it later with the inspector.
Don't worry, we won't eat it ourselves.
Too bad, because there are 2 pieces just right.
(At the same time) What?
Two pieces?
Yes.
You hadn't noticed yet?
It's cut in half.
Wow, it's true! But how can this be?
Because...

Maybe because he suddenly felt like eating more.
The whole cake is in the fridge.
First he cut off just one piece
and then went to get another.
"Can you tell when he opened the fridge, this end of sparrows?"
It's the same thing the Ran does....
She buys huge cakes saying they are the guests
and eats 2 pieces all by herself.
That's why she has only grown
the parts of her body that were not supposed to grow.
Don't get me involved, I have nothing to do with it!
Speaking of things that grow,
coffee is used to make plants grow?
What?
Coffee, you say?
This kid's going off the deep end again!
I say this because the test where that plant is smells like coffee.
Let's see?
Yes, he's right.
Maybe he used coffee as a kind of fertilizer.
What's that? That's weird!
And the pencil pot smells like coffee too!
Mr. Nakame liked coffee so much,
he put it everywhere.
Oh!
Wait a minute!
Perhaps the cake and the coffee cup...
were not placed this way and someone has moved them.
Maybe...
...the scene was like this!
There's enough for 2 people!
I see what you mean.
You mean that someone has put the two pieces of cake together,
placed the empty plate under the coffee cup,
poured their own coffee into the plant test...
and put the writing utensils into the empty cup and left it on the desk?
and left it on the desk?
He has gone to a lot of trouble,
to make it look like Mr. Nakame was alone...
when he swallowed the poison.
But... who did it?
(Kogoro) The murderer.
He did it, to make it look like...
that Mr. Nakame's death was a suicide.
And who is this murderer, Mouri?
Well...
"It was..."
How strange!
Look at this!
You're back, with your "how strange!"?
Today is already the third time.
It's just that... among the utensils on the table...
although I miss something.
What's that?
There are 2 pieces of cake, 2 plates and 2 cups.
What do you miss?
The fork! What?
There's only a dessert fork on the table.
You're right.
On the other plate there should also be a fork.
Maybe, we'll find it hidden in the dining room.
-Or in the kitchen. -No.
If I had had time to hide the fork in a kitchen drawer,
I would have left the cups in the sink, too.
Since I didn't have time, I put it in my pocket.
If I hadn't called when I saw Mr. Nakame's dead body,
I would have immediately become the prime suspect.
So it was you who murdered him?
Yes.
I was tired of putting up with his constant demands at work.
I killed her in the way the inspector described at the beginning.
I came to see her with a cake,
"I gave her a poisoned coffee...
"And I woke up saying that something unexpected had come up."
"Before leaving,
"I advised her to put the security chain on the door."
"Later, I began to think...
"About my piece of cake and my cup of coffee,
"which had been left on the table."
As he was about to leave, I offered to pick him up,
but... Mr. Nakame said to me:
"If you're in a hurry, hurry up and don't worry,
"I'll pick it up myself."
That's why I came here with Mr. Mouri
to try to hide the evidence directly accusing me,
but you see, gentlemen, I have not succeeded.
It can't be.
Someone saw her enter the pharmacy on the side of the production plant
at the approximate time of the crime, at seven o'clock seven.
What?
Who saw me?
One of your employees and the drugstore clerk.
It's true, today I went to buy some stomach pills,
but it was five o'clock.
They must have got the time mixed up.
And how do you explain the mystery of the coffee stains?
By the situation of the stains
coffee dripping down the legs of the chair,
we deduced that when the cup spilled, someone was sitting here.
Yes.
These coffee stains were made specifically by me.
When did you do it?
When Mr. Mouri and I entered the apartment,
just before I poured my coffee on the floor test.
"I did it to make it look like an impossible crime."

But when Conan called our attention to the stains, I touched them right away and they were dry,
I touched them right away and they were dry.
-Do you remember what time you checked?
No, I don't know what time it was.
It must have been within half an hour or 40 minutes after the warning.
But that's just a guess.
Maybe the stains had already dried.
Besides, if I didn't make these stains expressly, who else could have made them?
who else could have done them?
If they were made by someone else,
how did it come out of a locked apartment and disappear so easily?
(Kogoro's voice) Yes, it disappeared...
to the other neighborhood.
(Kogoro voice) Eh? What?
How did he go, to another neighborhood?
I have no idea, that's what I'd like to know... Aaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaaah...
Here we go again, father? It's about time!
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
Anyone would like to understand this mystery.
How did the murderer escape from this locked apartment,
and where did he end up?
The answer lies in the other neighborhood.
Whoever he is, he has taken refuge in a world beyond our reach,
in a hellish country.
Listen, I don't understand anything you're saying.
Mr. Nakame committed suicide before drinking the poisoned coffee?
What do you mean?
No, I don't mean Mr. Nakame.
Look at it another way.
Why is it wet, the white curtain,
if the balcony windows were closed?
"Have you ever wondered why it was soaked, Mr. Some's jacket,
"Even though he drove here and it shouldn't have gotten wet?"
Inspector Takagi, you said 1:30 p.m. 7 p.m,
the time the crime was committed,
I and another person called the cell phone of the subdued man.
The person who committed the crime
is someone that Mr. Some is willing to do that
to the point of confessing to something he didn't do.
A... wait a minute, you must not mean that...?
Yes.
The person who murdered the producer
is someone who works at Mr. Some's company:
Miss Maiko Kuzumi!
"She came to see Mr. Nakame and brought him a cake."
"Then she made him drink the poisoned coffee.
"And, when she found out that he was dead,
"He threw himself off the balcony... and committed suicide."
My God!
So, when Miss Maiko called the cell phone in some...
she just wanted to...?
Maybe... she just wanted to tell him that she was about to commit suicide.
She trusted Mr. Some, her head, very much,
with whom she had a very good relationship.
It's a lie!
Maiko didn't do anything!
It was all planned by me, she has not committed any crime!
You have come to try to prevent the acuséssim to her, right?
I wanted to hide the evidence that Miss Maiko had left behind
and make it look like Mr. Nakame had committed suicide.
He's even willing to give up his reputation to cover it up!
So, the curtains are wet...
because the girl left the window wide open when she jumped off the balcony?
when she jumped off the balcony?
Yes, it was Mr. Some who closed the window...
when we entered the apartment.
Then he called to let us know that he had found the body.
No, he didn't!
It wasn't her, it was me!
It was me!
I beg you to stop me, Inspector!
Doesn't it do you any harm to leave her down there?
Do you want the police to take him away
and she'll be locked up down there,
in this cold rain?
I mean Miss Maiko,
who jumped off the balcony of a 20th floor apartment,
landed in the parking lot and lay on the ground...
until you picked up her corpse
and hid her in the trunk of your car.
Maiko...!
Go inspect the trunk of the car right away.
(Continues crying)
"Right after that, the police found Miss Maiko's corpse....
"Hidden in the trunk of the car,
"And the mysterious impossible crime of the locked room...
"was solved."
"When Miss Maiko called Mr. subdued for the last time,
"She told him she couldn't bear to see him sinking lower and lower every day,
"After he at Nakame had decided to cancel the program
"Because Some refused to give him the commission he demanded."
"It is seen that the producer Nakame threatened him.

"Telling her that she would never work for television again."
"Maiko kept her decision a secret,
"And she didn't even tell her boss that she had quit her job
"the day before she committed the murder."
"She told him everything when she called him on his cell phone,
"just before he plunged off the 20th floor,
"And she confessed her feelings to him
"in a whisper that was drowned out by the sound of the rain."
(Car door: closing)
(Sirens: move away)
Hey!
Who has eaten the cake in the fridge?
What?
Ah.
Yes, I've eaten my piece.
How strange!
The mother told me
that she had come to leave 3 pieces of cake in the fridge
while we were out of the house, but there's only one left here.
Look carefully, there are two pieces left!
Ah, yes!
But... this is a piece of cake cut in half.
Also, the cellophane that wraps the cake is a little crumpled,
as if someone had unwrapped it.
What a thing!
Eh ?
There are traces of cream on the knife blade!
It was you!
You ate it! Get the knife out of my face!
"Cakes..."
Don't suffer, Ran, I'll give you my piece of cake.
I don't want much.
What?
Conan!
You can have my piece, Father.
Eh?
You sure?
"I think I'll go for a while without eating cakes."
"At least... until the rain stops."
Mr. Kid!
It's me, I'm here!
"You won't be able to escape from this net
"Unless you have a hot air balloon."
Teleportation.
"Do you intend to escape by teleporting?"
We'll see you in 10 seconds, when I've flown through time.
Don't miss the next special episode!
"The magical teleportation of in Kaito Kid".
("Summer memories", Kamik Aya)

Hontou ni hoshii mono ha,
nakanaka kizuite Moraenai...
Dakara ima mo koushite kimi dake wo matteirunda ella!
(Heart) Summer memories!
Yume wo huevo sono Senaki wo,
Zutter oikaketsuzuketai kara.
Donna ni Oton buttemo,
kokoro no naka ha yowainda yo kimi nashi de hakitto!
Summer memories...
Summer memories...

