What?
Is your uncle Jirokichi not feeling well?
Apparently not.
I thought he was one of those indestructible people,
"But lately he's even lost his appetite."
What's wrong with him?
Is he sick? Yes, I imagine he's sick.
Cor.
Of... of the heart?
Yes.
He says every night he has nightmares and wakes up drenched in sweat.
He sees his smiling face in his sleep.
Whose face? Su!
Whose face do you want it to be?
Whose?
Whose are you talking about?
(Think) "It can be none other than the fleeting, bold, fearless thief,
fearless, and more credulous than anyone else."
Aaaah!
"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions!"
"With an impossible shift in space-time,
Kid wants to steal some precious stones."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

"The magical teleportation of in Kaito Kid".
(Dog: howl)
Useless!
No sir, no sir!
This shoddy plan is useless!
We are facing the great Kaito Kid, "the Wizard of the Silver Moon".
Do they really think that these ridiculous measures...
Ah...
...will do any good in catching him?
Take it easy, sir.
You'd do well to rest for a while.
If you overexert yourself, your health will suffer.
Yes, that's right.
And now you'll tell me that while I'm sleeping
you'll come up with a brilliant idea to capture him as if it were nothing.
No, I didn't mean...
Are you the one who will come to propose me a foolproof plan
to protect my precious bait from the clutches of the Kid?
(All) Oooh!
The legendary Violet Nail sandals,
made with precious stones of incalculable value.
Ooooh!
It is the jewel that they say marveled
Empress Maria Theresa of Habsburg!
-The bud that elegantly shows off at the toes,
the amethyst of 100 carats!
Bah!
I don't care what value it has.
As long as it serves as a lure for the Kid, I have enough.
I've heard that precious stones
are his great weakness.
But... even if I manage to lure him here,
I still don't know how I'll get it.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't find a way to surprise him.
So, if I may...
As for the strategy
of sticking your sandals in the middle of a giant block of ice,
I find that it is a good idea.
I doubt that in the KID it can be carried easily, like this.
Really?
And if we were to throw it forward, where would we display them?
Well... in an airtight refrigerated display case, of course.
You idiot!
If the capturéssim, we couldn't broadcast it live!
And I want everyone to see my victory!
And don't you see that the sandals would be ruined,
if the submergíssim to freeze them?
Piece of donkey!
And what do you think of this idea, sir?
We expose the sandals at the top of the tower Toto,
surrounded by helicopters of the Suzuki financial consortium.
That way, the people watching from below
will be able to see what's going on at all times.
Don't you remember?
In the KID he can also fly with his white hang glider.
In the sky he feels at home, we have no chance of catching him.
"He'll take the sandals and run away
as we watch him run away with the moon in the background."
Mm?
Wait a minute.
How come every time he runs away he has the moon in the back?
Because it's nighttime.
Thieves usually act at night.
No, that has nothing to do with it.
The question is why he always has the rear window.
It seems to have been done expressly, what a coincidence.
He must have it all very well calculated to flee in an elegant way.
Besides, he always breaks in to steal...
on the top floor of buildings or museums.
Very close to the moon.

He seems to like high places, Kid.
Shut up, I got it!
I've got it!
I've found a way!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(People: whispers)
(Woman) What pretty sandals!
What time will you come, in Kid?
What a desire to see him!
Mother, do you think I will sign an autograph?
"Who would think, to expose a jewel in the center of Ginza?"
It's like he's telling the Kid: "Come and take the picture, we're waiting for you!"
You're right.
Do you see it clearly, Sonoko? Mm-hm!
I just want my beloved Kid to come,
I can't wait to see him again.
Sonoko...
Anyway,
I'm convinced that Uncle Jirokichi's at the door some head.
Hey, hey!
What are you up to, if I may ask?
What's the matter, Inspector Nakamori?
What's the matter, Inspector Nakamori?
What's the matter, Inspector Nakamori?
Oh, yes, I do!
How can you think of displaying in the middle of the street
a jewel guarded by only 4 men?
It'll be a piece of cake, for a thief like the Kid!
And what would you do, if you were in my place?
Well, I would... I would expose them in a more inaccessible place, like a tall building.
That's right!
Now that's nonsense!
What is?
Neither you nor I had ever noticed it,
and it turns out that between all of us
we've always done exactly what he wanted.
(Jirokichi) "He led us to believe that the best scenario
"to confront a white-winged thief
were high places, far away from the ground."
"And he spread his wings over and over again"
and left us on the street with our noses to the grindstone.
What... what do you mean?
That he has exposed the jewels in the street expressly to...?
Yes, I did!
I did it so I could pull his wings off.
It's not a bird, after all.
Once he's landed,
he won't be able to use the hang glider to take off and stalk.
Maybe so, but...
Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid!
Even if he can't fly away,
he can disappear in the middle of the crowd.
-Well, I'll search them one by one, if necessary.
If you had told me that the Kid had sent you a warning,
I would have had the riot police come and cordoned off the area.
Ha!
It's just this morning...
I sent him my challenge through the newspaper.
I'm sure he hasn't decided yet whether he'll accept it or not.
But I have no doubt he will come to live up to his nickname,
the Silver Moon Wizard.
So long, Inspector.
I have to go over the strategy with my staff.
Hey, wait a minute!
Wait a minute!
What is it, the strategy?
Ah!
Ah! (People: exclamations of surprise)
(People: exclamations of surprise)
(People: exclamations of surprise) What?
What is this?
Oh! (People: exclamations of surprise)
It's coming!
It's here!
(People: shouting)
How cute, how reckless!
Finally, the Kaito Kid has appeared in the sky of Ginza...
with his mysterious white wings.
Kid, my love!
I'm down here!
"The thing that carries the hang glider is... a propeller?"
(People: shouting)
Oysters!
(People: shouting) Oh!
He's gone? Where is he?
(People: shouting)
How strong!
How did he do it, to come down from up there?
He looks like Superman! "No..."
"He's just blown up the remote-controlled dummy.
"And, while everyone was distracted,
it came out of the crowd and climbed into the display case."
Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid!
What do you want to say? -Just a few words, please!
Mr. Kid!
Please tell Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki...
that this case has been completely unexpected for me.
(Kaito) "That's why I haven't had time to send him the usual notice."
"I hope you won't take it badly."
He-he-he-he-he!
Come on, now!
(Shouting)
(Journalist) It's... a net!
The crossing has been surrounded by a giant net!
It didn't get close, Uncle Jirokichi...
"It will be about 20 meters high."
"It's impossible to get over it, unless you have a hot air balloon."
(Jirokichi) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What do you say?
Even if you escape with a hot air balloon,
the helicopters close in on you.
If you try to flee through the crowd, I won't stop you.
My men will search in the background
anyone who tries to get out of here.
If you have your sandals on, we'll find you out.

And if they undo you in order to flee, you must have failed.
Be that as it may, I am assured of victory.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Hey, Kid!
Dress up as me and run away!
-Or me, if you want! -Thank you, but don't worry about me.
I had this planned too.
-Explain to us what you intend to do. -It's very simple.
I'll finish what I came here to do and go home.
But... how will you do it, to run away?
By teleportation.
-What? -What?
-What's he saying now? -Teleportation?
"Teleportation?"
It will instantly move to another place?
-To teleport. -What?
What?
What does it say now?
Teleportation?
(people: whispers)
- (man) He said "teleportation"? - (woman) How cool!
(woman) Really?
My Kid will really teleport?
"He will instantly move to another place?"
Here we go!
He's pulling our leg!
(Journalist) Attention, ladies and gentlemen!
In Kaito Kid, who has unexpectedly appeared,
has just announced that he will flee by teleportation.
We will soon find out if he will be able to do it.
Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid, Kaito Kid!
-What should we do now, sir? -What should we do now, sir? -We'll wait for orders.
Don't worry, don't be overwhelmed.
Take a good look at the situation.
The net surrounds the entire crossing,
and you can't escape with the hang-glider so it couldn't take off.
You are cornered.
Teleportation, you say?
Don't make me laugh, you clown!
The legendary Violet Toenail sandals are already mine,
and I'm taking them out of here.
Stop, Kid!
Don't take another step!
I'll see you again in 10 seconds beyond space-time.
"So long, then."
Kid!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Screaming)
It's gone?
It's true, he's vanished!
Oysters!
What do you mean?
That it has really teleported?
"No. He used the smoke to sneak through the crowd."
"You can't say 'teleportation' about it."
And... and the locator?
Where's the locator on the fake sandal?
It's at the intersection, going toward the corner of Sanchome.
All right.
Send the guards at the corner of Sanchome.
And reinforce surveillance around the intersection!
Now he's really a cornered rat.
Even if she tries to get away with one of her tricks of the trade,
I'll catch her.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Say, where have we got him?
W-well, he's changed direction all of a sudden.
He's not out yet, but he's running from side to side.
Exactly like a weasel!
What nonsense!
No one can run so fast among these people!
Where did he go, the Kaito Kid?
What's that?
(People: exclamations of surprise)
This... is the mark of the Kaito Kid.
Where did... where did it come from?
"What's that in the corner? A pager?"
"And on the back it says.... 'three'.
Hooray!
I have a Kid's card!
Look, on the back it says something.
Oh, does it?
"Two"?
"One"?
Oooh!
It can't be!
I don't... I don't believe it!
"It's on the roof!"
It's the Kid!
The Kaito Kid has suddenly appeared on the roof of the building!
(Shouts of joy)
How strong!
You're my idol, Kid!
It's... it's very good.
He has teleported from the street up there!
Ha!
It must be his double.
I'm convinced he was hiding on the roof of the building
and hasn't shown up until now.
The real Kid must be camouflaged among the crowd.
(Jirokichi) "Don't lower the net until he appears!"
Please tell Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki for me.
that I was able to take his gift without much hindrance.
Unfortunately, one of the gems is a fake.
"I will now return the imitation to him.
"And, if possible, I would be grateful...
if tomorrow night you would leave the original in the same place."
I want to give them to the woman I love,
and if there's only one gift, she'll be furious.
Goodbye.
(People: shouting)
What's he saying?
That tomorrow night she'll come again?
Is it true that the Kid has told you that?
Yes, he gave me the message through the press.
"I will give you back the imitation
in exchange for you leaving the original in the same place...

where I was the other morning at night".
What I do not understand is why they were not both false.
Because then the KID would have just walked away empty-handed.
And I would never have been able to say that I won it.
I find that, at the very least, I could have put a little locator.
Then at least we would know
how he got up on the roof of the building.
There it was, the locator.
The problem is that he noticed it and ripped it off.
What could that be?
Mr. Kogoro found this card.
There's a chip taped to it.
Yes, it's the locator that was in the fake sandal.
How did he say he found it?
It fell out of the sky 5 or 6 seconds
before the KID showed up on the roof of that building.
And there were two more cards, right? Mm-hm.
And on the back it said, "Three," "two," and "one."
They fell in that order.
And right after the "one" card fell,
the Kid appeared on the roof.
Then, he quickly hooked the locator...
on one of the cards
that he had planned to throw as part of the show.
This means that when the cards appeared, the Kid was already on the roof,
the Kid was already on the roof of the building.
If he had handed them out from the street, hidden among the people,
surely someone would have discovered it.
Anyway, how did she manage to climb the building so quickly?
She must have used the elevator.
It's as simple as that.
-Impossible. Why?
I've rented the entire buildings on the 4 corners of the junction
and I'm going to armor all their entrances.
What... you've rented them, you say?
Besides, even if I had managed to get in,
the elevator takes almost a minute to go up to the roof.
And could it be... Mm?
...that he just sent the sandals, on the roof,
and he's left on the street?
The Kid has an accomplice, doesn't he?
If one of them was waiting hidden upstairs while the other was downstairs?
Of course!
Maybe they have left a fishing line pulley ready.
The one downstairs stole the sandals, tied them to the fishing line...
and the other one, who was waiting for them hidden on the roof, made them come up.
This is how the KID made us believe that he had teleported.
Yes, with a fishing rod...
he was able to get the sandals up on the roof in a few seconds.
No.
He didn't just bring up the sandals.
-What? -What?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Come in and tell us everything.
Yes.
Good evening. Good evening.
I'm one of the 4 guards who were guarding the showcase
where the sandals were displayed.
At first, when he appeared in the KID,
people crowded around him.
There was a man with a hamburger in his hand.
I got in front of him to block his way,
with such bad luck that I got ketchup on my hand.
Just before the Kid disappeared,
I tried to stop him and grabbed his cape with a hand full of ketchup.
So what?
His hand slipped because of the ketchup and slipped away?
No, it didn't.
I mean...
Look at this.
"One of the gems is a fake."
This is when he told her he'd come back tomorrow to steal the other sandal.
This is it!
Can't you see it?
On the left side of the screen.
His cape was flapping in the wind.
-Òndia! -Òndia!
A red spot!
It is the stain that you have left with your hand!
Not even the Kaito Kid
could have foreseen such an unforeseen event.
"So, the man who appeared on the rooftop....
Was the same one who has landed on the street and climbed into the showcase."
"He has moved from one place to another."
"It has climbed 30 meters in just under 20 seconds."
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.

