"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions."
"With an impossible shift in space-time,
Kid wants to steal some precious stones."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

(Mitsuhiko) Did you watch Kaito Kid last night?
I did!
I saw it on TV!
When he teleported to the top of the building, it was amazing.
(Ayumi) Today he will appear in the same place and teleport again.
-(Ayumi) I can't wait to see what he'll do!
Yesterday everyone saw him in the middle of that crossroad,
and all of a sudden he appears on the rooftop surrounded by a cloud of smoke.
What if the Kaito Kid had paranormal powers?
No, he has no paranormal powers.
He's just a thief who has a great talent for doing magic tricks.
So, you've already figured out how he does them, the magic tricks?
Conan, weren't you, at the crossroads where he appeared yesterday.
Yes, yes I was, but I still don't know how he handled it.
One possibility would be that there were two Kaito Kids.
The one at ground level stole the sandal and vanished,
and then the other was seen on the roof of the building.
Good one, Mitsuhiko!
This is impossible.
Eh?
The guard who was guarding the sandal display case
"...left a ketchup mark on his hand on the cape,
and when the KID appeared on top, the mark was perfectly visible."
"And furthermore, the sandal that in Kaito Kid?
gave to the TV reporter was the forgery"
I had made on Jirokichi Suzuki.
I have an idea!
What if the Kaito Kid had a twin brother?
-Yes, it could be. If it were true, it would be super strong.
(Think) "They don't listen to me."
Well, what is clear to me is that it was a miracle.
She was able to disappear in the middle of an intersection
while a crowd of people surrounded her,
and when only 20 seconds had passed, she was already on the roof of that building.
It's true.
In fact, it seems humanly impossible.
But look at it another way:
it took 20 seconds to appear on top of that building.
If I solve the mystery of these 20 seconds,
I'm sure I'll figure out how he does the teleportation trick.
I see you're having fun.
Eh?
You look like a kid who's just been given a present
and then told to open it.
But please be careful.
The Kaito Kid is the Silver Moon Wizard.
"He has shown us that he is capable of anything,
"Even appearing dressed in white at night,
for all the world to see."
Yes.
I already know that.
(Helicopters)
(People: exclamations of excitement)
(Kogoro) It's unbelievable.
In KID has not yet appeared and people are already blocking the streets.
And, on top of that, they won't let anyone into the central part.
(Sonoko) Now that you mention it,
Uncle Jirokichi has also kicked out the TV reporters
who were doing a live broadcast.
(Think) "This good man spares no means."
Thank you for your cooperation, Inspector Nakamori.
They don't deserve it.
Now that law enforcement is cooperating with my staff,
everything will be easier.
(Think) "You could have asked us earlier."
(Jirokichi) Kaito Kid, don't hide!
I want to see you work your magic.
Tonight you capture yourself in front of everyone,
and you'll be the icing on the cake
of the last chapter of my autobiography!
I'll be on the front pages of all the newspapers
and everyone will be talking about my feat!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"What's wrong with this old man is that he's obsessed."
"Now I'll turn the imitation back on him and, if possible..."
The Kaito Kid is amazing!
Eh?

Ah, this is yesterday's rebroadcast?
Yes, to pass the time while it's coming back,
I'm watching the video of the Kaito Kid in his white dress.
Hey, I've been wondering one thing for a long time.
How come the Kaito Kid is always dressed in white?
If he always appears at night,
wouldn't it make more sense for him to be all in black so he wouldn't be seen?
Well, I love it.
In Kaito Kid he is not afraid of anything, and he has an incredible style.
Forget the stories, what we want to know is if he will come again.
But what does he say!
When Kaito Kid makes a promise he always keeps it.
(Shot)
(People: exclamations of surprise)
(Shouting)
What's this? A parachute.
(Loudspeaker) "Good evening, everyone. I'm at Kaito Kid."
(Shouts of excitement)
"I'm sorry to disappoint all the people who have gathered here,
but I have to cancel my magic show."
What?
Huh?
No way!
"I'd love to perform in front of you all,
"but they've banned cameras
and my images won't be able to reach the audience."
"Under these circumstances, I do not feel motivated."
"For this reason, I bid you all farewell."
Open this network!
Open it at once, we want in!
-Open the net, we want to enter! -Obra-la, we want to enter!
We want to enter!
We want in!
We want in!
We want to enter!
Sir!
A person has seen a man shooting a very strange gun.
Is he serious?
This means the Kaito Kid is here.
Find help us
This robber can't be far away!
"Sure."
"Last night, he also shot the letters,
just before he appeared on the rooftop."
"They fell to the ground 5 or 6 seconds before he appeared."
"Therefore, he fired them a few seconds before."
"Since no one saw him,
"This means that it started to rise
approximately 10 seconds after it disappeared."
"10 seconds is long enough to get through the crowd
and reach the foot of the building where he was supposed to teleport."
"Also, he shot 3 cards in a row,
"And from a hiding place or from inside the building...
I couldn't have done it."
"But to get to the rooftop in such a short time and without anyone seeing you..."
"How is that possible?"
We want to get in!
We want to get in!
We want to go in!
We want to get in!
Hey!
The Kaito Kid wants to perform in front of the people!
Let's rip up the net!
-Yeah! -Yeah!
Let's go!
Go, go, go! Yes!
Go, go, go, go!
Come on, come on!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
No, stop!
(People: shouting)
-Let's go! - (shouting)
-Come on, come in! -Come on!
(shouting)
-Inspector, are you all right? -For God's sake!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Inspector, the TV reporters...
are pressuring us to let them in.
What?
Don't listen!
Don't even listen to them!
(Jirokichi) No, we must let them in.
If the Kaito Kid doesn't deign to show up,
we won't be able to capture them, will we?
(Reporter) Ladies and gentlemen, Nichiuri Television has the green light...
to continue broadcasting.
We are back at the same place we were last night:
we are in the building where the Kaito Kid is teleporting in,
to broadcast live any news!
Look at this!
They're back on the air.
Hey!
Where's Conan?
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
(Thinking) "He has provoked people to go through the net
and made the TVs go back to broadcasting live."
"What does this mean?"
"To do your trick, you must first prepare the ground?"
- (CLEC) -Don't move.
Don't move or you're a dead man.
"On Kaito Kid!"
-Don't move .- (CLEC)
Don't move or you're a dead man.
"On Kaito Kid!"
(Shinichi voice) Idiot.
You don't scare me, with this toy.
(CLEC) Wow.
How you like to spoil people's party.
Especially you.
Hey, superdetectiu...
Tell me if you know the 3 rules of Thurston.
Of course I do.
The famous magician who lived at the beginning of the 20th century.
Howard Thurston.
"They are 3 rules that were said so in his honor."
The 3 things a magician can never do.
They are the 3 taboos of magic.
Yes, exactly.
The first one is that a magician can never reveal his tricks.
But that falls under its own weight.

The second is that a magician should never explain what will happen,
because this would spoil the mystery and intrigue.
And the third is that a magician can never repeat... the same trick.
If a magician does an extraordinary trick once,
the spectators will go home amazed and impressed.
But if he does it again,
the spectators will have the urge
to find out what's behind that magic trick,
while enjoying the show at the same time.
And someone is more likely to discover the trick.
I get it.
In other words,
if you violate the third rule but they don't figure out how you did it,
you'll become the best magician in the world.
That's right.
At last.
I've found you, Conan.
Don't be separated from us again. (Conan's voice) OK.
(Thinks) "He's disappeared among the people."
(People: exclamations of surprise)
"Now that my audience has gathered here again,
I'd like to start the show."
"I hope everyone enjoys it!"
(Shouting)
-In Kaito Kid has already arrived! -Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
People are so excited that it's as if they've already stolen the sandal.
I, the only thing I know...
is that if the famous Kogoro Mouri were to take charge of the situation,
this thief would end up behind bars.
And I believe that if he tries to pull the thread too tight, it will break.
"If he tries to pull the thread...?"
"Stretching the thread..."
(Tablet: reporter) "While we wait, we will offer you yesterday's images,
and we will analyze how to teleport in Kaito Kid."
(TV: man) "In Kaito Kid arrived in the Ginza neighborhood with a hang glider,
How exciting! Yes!
"...and reappeared in the showcase of the sandals."
"Next, he stole the legendary Violet Nail sandals,
"But at the same time, at Jirokichi Suzuki...
"He had closed off the 4 adjacent streets with a net,
so that the intersection was completely fenced off."
"Although this situation made fleeing impossible, in theory,
"In Kaito Kid said...
(Mobile)
(Mobile)...that one could teleport to another location."
Soc in Hattori.
Ah, Mr. Otaki.
From the police.
Yes, I'm in front of the TV too.
You want me to take over... a case?
Yes.
Yes.
A centipede?
"...and when it was in the display case, the Kaito Kid disappeared...
surrounded by a cloud of smoke and, 20 seconds later..."
Please let me see it.
"...appeared on the roof of a department store..,
100 feet in the air."
What was that?
The Kaito Kid, where do you think he's teleporting to today?
No idea,
but he sure won't be in the same building as yesterday.
Look up there!
Maybe he'll teleport to a helicopter.
I doubt it very much.
I do know!
I know what he will do.
I know exactly where he'll teleport to.
What?
Are you serious? Tell us where it will be, Conan.
Please tell us.
In fact, Sonoko has already said it before.
She'll teleport to one of the helicopters up there.
What are you talking about!
Last night,
didn't it look like the Kaito Kid was walking on air?
"What actually happened is that he was suspended from a helicopter
piloted by one of his accomplices."
When en Kaito Kid was at street level,
the helicopter lifted him up
and flew him up to the roof of the department store.
As a result, it looked as if he had teleported.
Ah!
You're an idiot and you have no idea!
After what happened yesterday,
Uncle Jirokichi has checked
the identity of all the helicopter pilots.
And, on top of that, only policemen are flying them today.
Kaito Kid's accomplice wouldn't have passed the checks.
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
And he glances at the crowd surrounding the display case.
There are more than 200 people,
and the crossing is closed with netting.
If he were lifted from the air, someone would surely notice the trick.
Bah, it's normal, although you are very small.
I'm sorry, but this time Sonoko is right.
Wow... When I thought of it, it seemed like a great idea.
"I guess I'll have to start over from the beginning."
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!

(Reporter) It's getting dark, and the crowd is shouting for their hero.
Will he repeat his feat, the Kaito Kid?
Will he appear in the crowd cheering for him
to take away the legendary sandàliaUngla Violeta
in the middle of the crossroads?
Will he teleport somewhere again, as he did last night?
The Kaito Kid is already here!
The Kaito Kid has just appeared!
He has come!
The Kaito Kid has come!
He won't get away from me tonight!
Calm down, Inspector Nakamori.
Look at the hang glider propeller, I'm sure it's a dummy.
Now he'll blow it up, which is just what he did last night,
and take advantage of the confusion to approach the display case.
I'm sure he's hiding in the crowd
as he waits for the moment to steal the sandal.
Ah!
The Kaito Kid!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Now, like last night,
I want you to enjoy the incredible spectacle
of a journey through space-time.
(Nakamori) You!
What are you waiting for?
Don't let him escape!
If you want to fuck me, you can do it yourselves.
But I advise you... I advise you to catch me very hard.
Let go while I'm teleporting,
Strike lost forever in space-time.
Oooooh!
You react!
It has disappeared in the crowd, and that's it!
It can't be far away!
Find help us
(Woman) It has already teleported, in Kaito Kid?
(Man) I see nothing, let's see if we can get in front.
Everything's ready in this band.
You can start.
I wonder where he's teleporting to, today, in Kaito Kid.
Apa... And now that he's in, in Conan?
-All right, the first letter.
-Oh.
A letter from Kid.-Serious?
"Three.
"Two!
- "One"! - Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi voice) Zero.
I'm very sorry, but tonight you'll do the show for free.
The Silver Moon Wizard will have no reward.
I'm very sorry, but tonight you'll do the show for free.
The Silver Moon Wizard will have no reward.
(Flux) Remove the counterweight, hurry up!
(Flow) Hey?
Hey, what's this?
It looks like a sack full of sand.
I don't know where it came from.
The trick of teleportation is very simple.
It's based on the principle of the well pulley.
Your accomplices
have pretended to be technicians of the television crews,
and attached two pulleys to the roof railing.
They passed a cable with hooks
the two ends through the two pulleys.
One end was lowered to the street,
and the other was attached to the harness.
"You disappeared in a cloud of smoke,
"You've broken through the crowd to get to the base of the building,
and attached the hook to your harness."
"Then, your accomplice has jumped off the building."
Since your accomplice weighs more than you,
according to the pulley principle,
your body will climb up to the roof in a very short time.
"And for all intents and purposes,
it will be as if you had teleported up there."
As the TVs were busy with the live feed,
when your accomplice jumped over the railing, no one noticed.
"The screams drowned out the screeching of the cable on the pulleys."
But, Kaito Kid, the most important thing is that people don't notice....
that there is one person going up while another is coming down.
"That's why your accomplice has climbed down inside the advertising tarpaulin."
"As it was also vital that people didn't look at the building,
you shot the cards to distract them."
"But you couldn't hide behind the tarpaulin,
"And you've taken advantage of an optical effect:
"If you go up at the same time as the letters on the illuminated sign,
you make sure people don't see you."
Congratulations.
The theory I felt through the microphone I put on you.
"...It was a bogus theory to get me to let my guard down."
"You had already figured out the luminous sign trick."
Exactly.
Thanks to last night's headlines.
"Yesterday, the headline that was circulating around the sign...
was 'We're looking for favorite women,' a rather ambiguous headline."
And this is precisely what made me realize the trick.
The ideogram that was visible was not what corresponded to "favorites."
but to "love dogs".
You went all in black and in covered up the apostrophe,
and that changed the meaning of the phrase.
Exactly, you were wearing black, and I finally understood it.
When you appear all dressed in white,

you do it expressly to get people's attention.
It's not out of cockiness or boldness,
but because it makes it easier for you to hide.
When someone is dressed in white and suddenly disappears,
people unconsciously look for white things.
"If you dress in black afterwards,
you know you'll go unnoticed in the crowd."
Yes, but at the same time,
when we see a man in white emerge from the pitch black,
it creates a mystery, doesn't it?
-Look, it's the Kaito Kid! -It's right on the wall of the building!
Oh!
Tonight in Kaito Kid has done it again!
It has teleported to the luminous sign, and it defies gravity,
perpendicular to the wall of the building!
It can't be.
Unbelievable.
I love it, in Kaito Kid.
Kid, if I were you, I'd give myself up.
If you climb all the way to the top, maybe you'll be saved,
but when your accomplice touches the ground,
the police will arrest him immediately.
And if you decide to go down, they will arrest you.
-Kaito Kid! -You won't escape!
Then we'll meet in the middle.
In the middle?
In the middle?
Give me your hand!
This time I almost got it.
"Miserable..."
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.
Conan, you did a fantastic job yesterday.
What I don't understand is how you were able to get into the building.
Because I'm a kid, people don't notice.
(thinks) "In fact, I shot an anesthetic dart at the guard."
Mm?
Ooh!
See the front page of the newspaper: "A great victory for Jirokichi Suzuki."
Now, he can finally sleep easy, this good man.
See the face regarding the newspaper photo.
Mmm... Don't be so sure.
They didn't put me in the foreground....
Aaaah!
The centipede!
This means it could be a serial killer.
And if so, there would obviously be more killed.
But this is...
...an impossible crime.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't miss the next episode!
"The fūrinkazan. The armor warrior in a maze."

