(Birds: screeching)
(Kogoro) He had bruises all over his body and bled to death,
but it was a fall?
That's right.
In Yoshiro, my son and sole heir to my fortune,
it is evident that he died
at the hands of our family's most ruthless enemy, the Torada.
So, it means that someone pushed him from some high place?
-No, no, it was a tornado. -Eh?
"My son was caught by a tornado, which lifted him up,
and dropped him on some rocks."
A... tornado?!
But, then, it can't be a murder.
Take a look at the photo, Mr. Mouri.
Don't you see anything special in the pool of blood?
If you look closely, you will see it.
It's something that doesn't make any sense at all.
Oh!
A centipede!
Yes, it's a dead centipede,
that somebody stepped on
and that... placed there before the blood dried.
Exactly, and that means...
that someone, even though they saw my son in that state,
agonizing, instead of going to ask for help,
dedicated themselves to placing this disgusting insect next to him...
and stood there watching him die.
But-but it could also be that it was a centipede that somebody had stepped on
and had ended up there by the tornado, by chance.
In Shigetsugu, who is the one who found the corpse,
said that there were no centipedes in that area,
and that his older brother had been left to die.
Didn't he say that the boy who died was the sole heir to his fortune?
Mm-hm!
A Pocapena who wastes his time looking for treasures that don't exist
I can no longer consider him to be my son.
Excuse me, you already know who the culprit is, don't you?
You spoke of an enemy of the family.
Shut up, Conan.
Yes.
For many years we've been dragging out the hatred and rivalry
with the Tatsuo family.
I'm sure that whatever let him die must be one of them.
"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions."
"The treasures of Shingen. The mystery of the fūrinkazan."
"The cries of Ran and the Kazuha echo with anguish."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

"The fūrinkazan. The armor warrior in a maze."
(Heiji) To Koji, his son,
was tied up, buried...
and beaten to death with a blunt object.
And on top of that, before the blood had finished drying,
the assailant left a dead centipede and walked away.
You have to be very cruel to do something like that.
And... what do the police say about all this?
Nothing, the police keep repeating the same thing:
that they are investigating the case.
That's why in the end I decided
to contact you through my friend, the Otaki,
from the Osaka Police Department.
But Mr. Otaki told me
that you already had an idea who the culprit was.
In fact, you could say....
It's a vendetta.
Convinced that we, the Tatsuo family,
were responsible for your son's death,
I know for a fact that some member of the Torada family
killed our son in retaliation.
Don't say that, mother.
Although we can't be sure.
Well, I have no doubt!
Such cruelty, it could only be them!
By the way, who... who found the body?
He found my other son, Akira.
He was coming home from archery practice on horseback.
You must have to be an exceptional horseman, right,
to practice this sport?
Yes, Akira is one of the best riders in the village.
He often goes to many festivals to do exhibitions.
And, could you tell us where Akira is now?
You've touched them all.
Like every time.
Yes.
I guess this year

I will again be elected official archer of the village festival.
You will have been 6 years in a row.
It's about time you were awarded the title of mounted archer.
No, I still have a little way to go to reach this level.
-Good morning.
Is that you, Akira? -Yes, it is.
If I may introduce myself, I'm Detective Kogoro Mouri,
I've just arrived from Tokyo,
and, if you don't mind,
since you were the one who found Koji's body,
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Ah..., no, I don't mind.
Ah, well, I don't see you saying that very convincingly.
Ah, no, no, it's just that I've already been questioned a while ago,
a young detective who said he was from Osaka.
Eh?
He said he was from Osaka? And he was a young detective?
(Think) "Ah! Don't smoke that...!"
Yes, I found it, the corpse of Yoshiro, my older brother.
And it's true that there was a dead centipede next to the body.
-But what was it, a centipede? -I don't know.
And do you know if the Torada family or the Tatsuo family
have some kind of karmic connection, with the centipedes?
Karmic connection, I don't know,
but I would say the festival I've seen images of centipedes.
-Which festival? -The one in the village.
Every year there is
the horseback archery tournament and the mock battle.
Everyone wears armor like this.
In fact, they call it armor,
but it's actually plastic protection that weighs nothing.
I have the impression that I have seen some picture of a centipede,
the festival.
Where have you seen it?
Engraved on some armor, perhaps?
One of the warlords of the Sengoku period
wore a dragonfly engraved on his helmet.
Now that you mention it,
a detective came to me a while ago and asked me a similar question.
-A detective? -Yes, a detective from Tokyo.
He had the same name as one of the warlords.
-It was... Detective Mouri? -That's right!
Just like Motonari Mouri.
Well, he's Ran's father.
And they were accompanied by a little boy wearing glasses?
Ah, yes, yes.
In fact, he asked more incisive questions than the detective and everything.
(Think) "In Kudo."
Come to think of it, Akira told us...
that 6 years ago a person died in a very strange accident.
-Is it true? -Yes.
What until the previous year
had been chosen as the official archer of the village festival,
Mr. Kuroto Kai.
They say he fell off a cliff while training.
Who could know more details about this?
La Yui, perhaps, my brother's wife.
She's the one who found Kuroto Kai's body.
Do you know where she is now?
See the stable behind the fence?
Surely she must be taking care of the horses.
(Think) "In Kudo. He's smelled the case and has come all the way here, too."
"I was afraid of that."
"That's what they say, every sheep to his own mate."
(Woman) Will you leave me alone?!
I'm still trying to get over my husband's death...
"Ah, I got you!"
Go away, please!
(Woman) Hey!
Don't you feel like they're telling you?
What? What do you want, boy?
What do you want, boy?
Have you seen a detective with slicked back hair,
mustache and a little disturbing look?
What's that?
The slicked back hair and a slightly unsettling look?
Look..., did you mean this one?
-Eeeh?! - I'm sorry about that.
Hello, Kazuha!
Heiji!
It's been a long time!
Hello, Ran!
What a joy! Yes!
"Him, again?"
Let's see, who's this unfriendly-looking guy?
I have no idea.
I'm Inspector Kansuke Yamato, Nagano Police.
This is our jurisdiction.
He's... he's an inspector?!
Mrs. Yui Torada was questioning.
All right, let's see, I'll ask you again:
did you find one, too, 6 years ago?
Or was there none?
I'll tell you again that I'm not in the mood for questions.
Go away!
There are many lives at stake!
Stop playing crazy!
Answer me!
No, there were none.
There was no centipede, there, near the corpse.
I only found a dead man under a horse that was also dead.
Understood.
And sorry for the inconvenience.
Uh, just a moment.
Can you explain to me what this whole centipede mystery is all about?

I don't know for sure yet,
but what I do know for sure
is that if we don't hurry to solve this case,
we will find many more, of corpses scattered on the ground.
It will be like the battlefields of the bloodthirsty Sengoku period.
(Kogoro) What these two cases have in common is that the people who found the corpses
is that the people who found the corpses
both the one and the other were relatives of the victims.
And that, for some reason unknown to us,
they found a dead centipede together.
What also surprises me is the incident that took place 6 years ago,
"When in Kuroto Kai fell off a cliff
while training with his horse,"
but it could also be an isolated accident
that surely had nothing to do with these two cases.
Yes, that is, in case we believe...
what Ms. Yui Torada told us earlier,
that she didn't find any centipedes next to the two corpses.
That is true.
But even if they didn't leave any centipedes,
they left the victims there to die,
which is the same thing they did with my husband, leaving him there to die.
They left him to die?
He didn't die on the spot when he fell off the cliff?
No, I told you, he didn't die.
His body was emaciated.
It is true that, when he fell off the cliff,
in Kuroto Kai he got very serious wounds,
his clothes were well stained with blood,
which oxidized and became blackened,
but he died of hunger.
-What?
Of starvation?! - Yes, of starvation.
Apart from the fact that he broke his hip and could not get up,
he fell in a place where the sun didn't touch him at all,
a place where almost no one ever passes by.
In fact, when I found him, he had been there for almost a week.
Almost a week?
Well, I don't understand why no one found him,
if you say that he had his horse on top of him.
-You mean you looked for him a lot? -Of course we looked for him!
The police and all the people in town!
Think that he was very well known here,
and that everyone loved him very much, Agent Kai!
Agent Kai? He was a policeman?
Yes... He worked at the police station in the village.
He was kind and had a great sense of justice.
And if I must tell you the truth,
I had never heard anyone in the village speak ill of him.
And that's why, when he disappeared, we all went out to look for him.
And so, how do you understand that it took a whole week to find him?
-Ah.
For the leaves... What leaves?
He had the bad luck
that he was buried under the leaves that were falling
until the wind began to blow.
My brother's body, on the other hand, was found more quickly...
because he fell in an area where there were only rocks.
And he also went out to look for all the people in the village, for your brother?
No, we started looking for him...
when we found out that he hadn't returned home after a day of partying.
How did you start looking for him?
That you didn't find him by chance on your way to that hole?
Yes... Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Eh?
What does "that hole" mean?
Ah... It's a hobby of mine.
I'm a treasure hunter.
You can count!
You don't even work, you waste your time with this nonsense.
You're the shame of the Torada family!
Grow up for once, Shigetsugu!
Think that with the death of your brother, you're the sole heir of the family.
Of course I am.
So what?
Have you found out anything, Mr. Mouri?
No.
At the moment, the only thing we know...
is that next to both Koji Tatsuo's corpse...
and Yoshiro's they found a dead centipede.
In fact, Koji Tatsuo often talked to my husband before he died.
What did they talk about?
About... whether they had to go or not to go.
Yes, I had heard that too, something like that.
I know that they intended to go to see together
that inspector who's missing an eye, in Kansuke Yamato.
He said they had to be prepared
for something terrible that was about to happen.
And do you know what it was? Don't you know why they wanted to see him?
No.
All we know is that he couldn't talk yet.
Maybe if we went to see the Tatsuo family we'd find out more.
Of course we would.
We can't waste any more time.
Come on, come on, then, we can go now.
You two better stay here with her.

What?! Why can't we come?!
Don't be silly.
Don't you see that if you come you'll only be in our way?
(Trona)
That they intended to go to the police?
Who, my son, Koji, and Yoshiro Torada?
(Trona) That's right.
Hadn't you said anything about that, your son?
No, nothing at all.
But, after Yoshiro's death, he looked very scared.
He was very worried about something.
And you don't know what he was afraid of?
Lately he'd been ruminating all day long,
even during meals.
He kept saying that he would be next, that he? they would kill him too.
That the curse would take him to the grave.
-What curse? - You still haven't understood?!
The curse of the Torada family,
that for a lot of generations he hates the Tatsuo family!
And what makes it, that they don't understand each other, the Tatsuo family and the Torada family?
Because... a long, long time ago...
Oh, mother, I don't remember now.
(Heiji: thinks) "Come on..."
Since I was little, I've been told that they were very bad people,
the Torada family, that we hated each other, but I don't remember why.
I'm sure it's the same for the Torada family,
And now that there wasn't so much tension,
Ayaka and I had a very good relationship,
with Yoshiro and Shigetsugu Torada.
We still don't know why they wanted to go and talk to the police,
both of them, before they died.
Maybe because of something related to the death of Agent Kai.
No, that was an accident.
He was training so hard to be the best,
he fell off the cliff from exhaustion.
He was very upset
because he had missed a target that year during the tournament.
-Will you shut up, Ayaka?! - What's the matter?
That's what everyone's saying.
They say he threw himself off the cliff because he hadn't made it over the cliff.
Isn't it normal to miss a bull's-eye? -Yes, yes, of course it is.
But Mr. Kai had a reputation for not missing any,
until he missed the last target of that year's tournament.
Ah... He wasn't the type to commit suicide.
He wouldn't have abandoned the townspeople
just because he was embarrassed because of that tournament.
He wasn't such a coward.
(Kazuha) What?!
He should stay there for the night?
-(Heiji) "No." (Heiji) "No." (Heiji) "No." (Heiji) "No. - (Heiji) "No."
"It's just that it's raining very hard
and they say it's very dangerous to walk in these woods at night."
I'm sorry, it went like this.
Well, then, you're dreaming of angels.
-But listen, Heiji! - (the line goes dead)
He hung up on me.
So, Kudo?
Have you found out anything?
(Shinichi voice) At the moment, it's not clear to me at all.
What has caught my attention
are the words he kept muttering at Koji before he died.
He was sure that he would be next.
This means that he could be a serial killer.
And if so, if we don't stop him,
it's obvious that there will be more murders.
(High chair)
(Wood: creaking)
Hey, Ran.
Ran.
Ran!
Don't you feel them, these noises?
No, I only feel the rain and thunder.
Listen to me.
A moment ago I felt something else.
Such was the wooden floor.
(Wood: creaks louder)
(creaking)
(Chillan)
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.

