"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions."
"The treasures of Shingen. The mystery of the fūrinkazan."
"The cries of Ran and the Kazuha echo with anguish."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

(Kazuha) It's true.
We've seen it, haven't we?
We haven't imagined it, have we, Ran? No.
We've seen it, it wasn't our imagination.
You're sure?
Are you sure?
Kazuha!
What's wrong with him?
Ah, hey, Heiji.
We saw something strange.
What did you see?
We saw it tonight, in the light of a lightning strike.
Yes, we saw it behind the glass door.
Yes, fear-he was wearing armor.
It was a wandering warrior!
-What?
A wandering warrior?! - What armor was he wearing?
The one that was Shigetsugu's room
that they wore at the festival?
No, it wasn't this one!
The armor he wore had a tuft of hair on the helmet.
It's the helmet of the Suwa Hossyo clan, the helmet of Shingen Takeda!
Did you say "Takeda"?
You mean the red armor?
But, was it red, the armor?
I don't know, we only saw the silhouette.
What?
Ah... Ah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Akira) What?
That the Ayaka has locked in the bathroom?
And you say he was talking about Shingen Takeda's armor?
-Hey, Ayaka!
What's the matter with you? -Don't make a spectacle!
Come on out!
- (door: keep knocking) -Ayaka!
Ayaka!
(Mobile: vibrates)
May I know what's going on?
Where is it, my young man?
It's not here.
I do not understand.
I assure you that a moment ago was here inside.
She told me she wanted to be alone for a while,..,
I didn't know what to do and I left.
It must be that way, she can't have gone far.
We have to separate and look for her.
-I'll go out and look for her with the motorcycle. I'll take the car!
Akira, Yui and I will look for her on horseback!
The others will look for her on foot!
-Ayaka! -Where are you?!
-Where are you, Ayaka? -Ayaka!
Ayaka!
Ayaka!
-Ayaka, answer me! -Ayaka!
-Ayaka! -Where are you, Ayaka?
When I arrived...
...I found him like this.
Conan, you shouldn't...
(Chillan)
-What's wrong? -Who called?
Ah!
The Ayaka is, the Ayaka is...
Ayaka!
Ayakaaaa!
Everybody freeze!
This area is now under police control!
Anyone who enters will have to do with me!
What the...?
You with the black horse, get out of the way!
Come on, snap out of it!
All right, you're on.
What?
What the...?
It can't be.... Not her!
But what happened?
Nothing, she's dead.
Hey, Uehara, confirm the time, please.
Ah, yes.
It's 08:59.
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry, it's the habit...
No... it's okay. "The habit", you said?
-The habit? -It's me.
There's been a death in the Torada family forest.
Send the coroner's team immediately.
Yes, indeed.
This is the work of a serial killer.
A... a serial killer?
Most certainly.
First they killed Yoshiro Torada,
left him to die after... he was badly wounded by a tornado.
Then they killed Koji Tatsuo.
They beat him, tied him up... and buried him.
As in the two previous cases,
Yoshiro Torada's and Koji Tatsuo's,
next to the corpse of Ayaka Tatsuo... there is a dead centipede!
What a ?
In addition, the ground around the centipede...
is very wet from the recent rain..,
but there are no visible footprints
taken from my footprints and my crutch.
By all indications, after it rained,
no one has approached this tree.

It would necessarily have left footprints, as the surrounding soil is.
That's why...
It is impossible.
It's a murder... impossible.
(Kogoro) An impossible murder, huh?
But, there's always the possibility that their footprints...
were here before the girl's body was taken down,
isn't it true, Inspector, that it's always the right place at the right time?
When I arrived at the Torada's house,
they told me that everyone was looking for Ayaka Tatsuo,
that's why I came here...
Yeah, but it seems like such a coincidence.
Couldn't it be...
...that I called the Ayaka with my cell phone to get her to come out of the washroom,
died her, arranged the whole thing to look like a suicide...
and went back to the house pretending he didn't know anything?
That can't be right.
Huh?
I saw the police inspector take the body down from the tree...
and there were no prints on the ground from him or the crutch.
I was told that before he locked himself in the washroom..,
he behaved very strangely.
Can you tell me why?
Tonight, through the glass door of our room,
we saw the silhouette of a warrior in armor...
When we said that the helmet was from the Suwa Hossyo clan because of the shape,
the Ayaka began to tremble.
-It's a curse, huh?
They were cursed.
It is the curse of Shingen Takeda that has caused their death.
And the dead centipede here is proof of this curse.
What... does Shingen Takeda have to do with the centipede?
You don't know?
The warlord Shingen Takeda
called his soldiers on the battlefield "centipede."
And he made them carry banners with the image of a centipede on them.
Yes, that's right!
I knew I had seen a centipede somewhere.
There was someone who carried a banner with a centipede on it.
the mock battle they did at the festival.
How did you plan to find the treasure, if you didn't even know something so elementary?
Then the... the treasure you seek
is the treasure of the warlord Shingen Takeda?
Yes, the hidden treasure of Shingen Takeda!
Ever since we found some maps and scrolls
that spoke of its existence,
we at Shigetsugu haven't thought of anything else.
The two who killed first and poor Ayaka,
together... with the Akira Tatsuo, collaborated in the search.
No, we weren't doing it for money.
We thought that finding the treasure would be good for our community.
And... and why did she have to be cursed, the Ayaka?
All she was doing was coming to the excavation site
to bring us food and material.
It's not a curse, that.
It's a typical case of serial murder, nothing more.
The guy with the mustache is right.
In Ayaka's handbag I didn't find the cell phone, it's missing.
Someone convinced her to leave the place where it was locked,
it's obvious that it could only have been the same serial killer.
Well, if they don't want to end up dead, it's better if they hang around here alone,
especially those who dedicate themselves
(Heiji) Well, if they don't want to end up dead, they'd better wander around here on their own.
(Heiji) So, this warrior with the armor was right here?
Yes, but he disappeared right away.
But why didn't he open the door and catch it with karate blows?
Because she was petrified, we thought she was a ghost!
And karate and aikido don't work on ghosts.
Come on!
There's no ghost around here.
Eh? Hey, what would you say this is?
It's frayed plastic packing rope.
There are fibers of this rope on the hallway floor.
Of course there are!
They've taken the fibers, tied them together and glued them to a helmet.
"That's why the silhouette you saw through the doorway
looked like a helmet of Shingen Takeda."
Then, they used the armor....
that was in Shigetsugu's room...
and used in festivals.
Maybe so.
Look at this.
Did you see what strange sandal prints?
(Heiji) Yes, and they go towards the back door.
So, this means that someone from outside has entered,
took the armor and created the silhouette of the Shingen warrior.
Either that, or someone from the house has created the footprints that we think....
that it's someone from outside who has come in and taken the armor.
Come to think of it,

in Shigetsugu said that his was not the only armor,
that there was another one at the Akira's house.
Eh?
There is another armor in the other house?
Yes.
They say that the armor at Tatsuo's house is very nice.
Then we'd better go pay Tatsuo a visit.
You guys stay with Ran's father.
What a ?!
And you, it's important that you don't lose sight of this bounty hunter,
in Shigetsugu!
-We don't know what's at Cap's door.
I-Ha!
I know very well what I have to do.
-See you later! -It's no good!
We've been left out again.
Don't be angry.
I'd say he's only doing it because he doesn't want anything to happen to you.
Mmm...
Yes, we see horrible things all the time,
and sometimes we're chased by killers too.
Do you think this is it?
Of course, now he's acting disinterested,
and then he'll start bragging about the discoveries he's made.
In Shinichi I also believe it.
Oh, is that so?
Ah, but Shinichi wasn't doing it because he liked me or anything.
"Make your speed... be like that of the wind."
-Huh? -You like it, don't you?
I'd say you like him a lot, this dark-haired boy.
I'd... I'd... I'm... I'm...
You can decide to wait and stand still like a mountain,
while the other moves with the swiftness of the wind
and you the flame of love still burns inside you.
If you stand still and do nothing
and don't let that person know how you feel,
he will disappear from your life...
and you will regret forever what you have not dared to do,
as I regret it...
(Level crossing: acoustic signal)
It's strange, can't you find, Kudo?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, the gag that was blocking the mouth...
(Vez)... of Ayaka.
At first I thought he was wearing the gag so he couldn't scream,
but if you want to make it look like a suicide
caused by Shingen's curse,
you wouldn't put it on or take it off, would you?
This means that they didn't take it off for some reason,
or that they put it on afterwards expressly.
Yeah, but why did they have to put it on, a gag, the corpse?
It's... it's difficult for a corpse to talk.
Maybe it's a message to someone.
To advise him not to speak, not to say anything.
(Train: approaching)
(Heiji) Wow, that's really impressive armor!
Is it red, like Shingen's red armor?
Yes.
Are you related to Shingen Takeda's family?
No.
My mother and I are fans of Shingen Takeda.
We have invested a fortune.
The late little Koji, my son, and Yoshiro Torada,
were great admirers of Shingen.
They often came to the armor.
In my other son, Akira, this is of no interest to him.
But... both Koji and Akira are his sons, right?
How come he calls one "little Koji" and the other just Akira?
Ah, in "little Koji" he is my son-in-law.
He married my daughter, who was born after Akira.
She adopted the family name.
Unfortunately, my daughter...
died many years ago in a car accident.
Long before she married,
little Koji had been a classmate of Akira's,
and often came here at home.
Since then I call him "little Koji".
Speaking of classmates, in Yoshiro and Shigetsugu,
from the Torada family, had also gone to the same class.
Mm...
How can siblings of different ages go to the same class?
Ah, yes.
In Yoshiro was the son of Naonobu Torada's older sister.
She and her husband died many years ago.
The family decided to adopt in Yoshiro,
and he and Shigetsugu grew up together as if they were siblings.
So, from what you tell me, the 3 who have died recently?
were neither from the Torada family nor the Tatsuo family, right?
No.
And the Ayaka wasn't either, she was the Akira's wife.
Hey, what's this banner behind the armor?
Ah, it's a reproduction, this here.
Are you able to read it, son?
"Make your speed like that of the wind;
your silence, like that of the forest;
when you attack, be like fire,
and when you are still, be as still as a mountain."
It's from Sunzi, an excerpt from the treatise "The Art of War".
Of course.
In Yoshiro he died abandoned
after being carried away by a tornado.
The wind.
Koji was beaten to death,
tied him up and buried him in a kind of mound.
The mountain.

Al Ayaka was gagged
and then hung her from a tree branch.
The forest!
What?
It can't be!
Yes, the murders follow the teachings of "The Art of War"!
Which are written on the war banner.
The fūrinkazan!
The fūrinkazan?
You say the assassinations follow the formula of the fūrinkazan?!
Yes.
It seems so.
First they killed in Yoshiro Torada.
He was taken away by a tornado.
"He picked him up and dropped him on some rocks."
"He was left there abandoned until he died."
A tornado refers to the wind:
That is, "Make your speed like that of the wind."
"Then they murdered Koji Tatsuo."
"She had been beaten to death with a blunt object."
They left him buried in a kind of mound of earth and stones,
tied up so that he couldn't move.
That is to say, they left him immobile, like a mountain.
"The third murder was that of Ayaka Tatsuo."
"She was found dead in the forest, hanging from a branch. She was gagged."
"Clearly that means the gag she had in her mouth."
Yes, of course.
You're right, it's very obvious.
"May your silence be like that of the forest."
Yeah, apparently, this serial killer...
has a fixation with Shingen Takeda's banner motto.
But why, this fixation with Shingen?
What is this?
A plot to prevent them from finding Shingen Takeda's hidden treasure?
I have no idea.
For now, the only thing we know...
is that there is still one word from the banner
that has not gone into action, the word "fire".
This means that the serial killer
must be planning to kill again, at the very least.
And who could they be, the next victims?
The only ones left
who have collaborated in the search for Shingen's treasure
are Shigetsugu and Akira.
"Yes, they are the most likely."
Of course, it could also be
That the murderer intends to kill someone else.
We'll have to be vigilant and keep an eye on them.
"I'd like you to be the one to keep an eye on them, especially on Shigetsugu,
who has the most numbers."
-D'acord.-Ran, what is this fūrinkazan thing?
I don't know.
I've only heard about it on TV and in movies.
You don't know what it is, the fūrinkazan?
"Make your speed like that of the wind;
your silence, like that of the forest;
when you attack, be like fire,
and when you are still, be as still as a mountain."
It is a banner inspired
by Sunzi's treatise "The Art of War".
"When you mobilize an army, it must be swift as the wind."
"When the army is still, it must be silent as the forest."
"When you attack, it must be as fierce as fire,
and when you decide to defend, it must be as still as a mountain."
Shingen Takeda made his "The Art of War" by Sunzi
and inscribed this advice on all his banners.
But this is the same as...... same as what the Yui told us.
"You can decide to wait and stand still like a mountain,
while the other moves with the swiftness of the wind
and you the flame of love still burns inside you".
Sure, I get it.
It also works for love.
The fūrinkazan is the solution.
(Horse: gallops)
(Heiji) Ah, you're here.
We're looking for you.
I don't think that training you will help you to overcome the death of your wife.
But it is well, that you train.
Exactly, the festival is coming,
and even if I want to, I can't stop practicing.
It's a promise I made to my master Kuroto Kai,
that I would defend the title of best mounted archer as well as I could.
I also have to do it, because it's what my wife, the Ayaka, would want.
If I have failed, it is not for lack of concentration for me to be affected.
Look!
Someone has come and moved the target.
Wow, it's true!
Who could have moved it, the target?
Look, there are people among the trees!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing here?
Wait, wait!
Hold it!
It's probably people from the next village.
Yes.
They want me to lose confidence, to get nervous.
But why?
(Yui) Because the honor of their village is at stake.
Traditionally, the festival is organized by the two neighboring villages.

But, of course, there's only one archer on horseback....
who gets all the glory.
If they manage to beat the Akira,
which represents us at the festival
after passing all the preliminary tests,
the winner and the star of the festival will be the village archer,
and then he will be able to boast for a whole year.
Starting with Kai,
the title has belonged to our village for more than 10 years.
And how are the preliminary trials held?
The sacred grounds of the village are made.
Ten targets are placed at an equal distance from each other.
We go throwing, until one misses and the winner is decided.
Yes, but 6 years ago,
you and Kai were throwing all day and I didn't miss any targets.
As it was already getting dark, the trials continued the next day.
And that's when en Kai disappeared.
Then, after a week, I found him dead.
Yes.
But if the tests had continued the next day,
I would have lost for sure.
"When to quit because it was getting dark,
Kai told me he planned to keep practicing."
"I was so tired that I found myself unable to even move."
He continued practicing?
But it was dark, wasn't it?
Yes, but I just needed to know the location of the targets...
to hit them.
I could hit a target with my eyes closed.
Yeah, but in the last tests he missed a throw, didn't he?
I'm sure it was the next town over.
I'm sure someone from the next town over came to move the target,
to make a fool of him!
But my father-in-law didn't know that, that, and he got really mad at Kai.
He started yelling at him.
He was furious, beside himself.
You've embarrassed me, you've made a fool of me!
Why was he so angry?
It seems that it was my father-in-law
who had taught Kai horseback archery.
But then Grandmother Shigeyo showed up
and the two of them started arguing.
How dare you say anything to her,
when you've never competed in the festival?
Who do you think you are?
I mean, everyone had some relationship or another with Kuroto Kai.
Yes, and everyone, from the first to the last,
are suspected of committing these serial murders.
I've thoroughly investigated the place where Ayaka Tatsuo was found dead,
and all I found were fingerprints
"...and footprints of the members of the investigation group,
"Horse hoof marks
and ruts from a motorcycle and cars."
That is to say, the suspects of having committed the murder,
except for you, being outsiders, are 7: in Naonobu, the Tatsue,
in Shigetsugu and the Yui of the Torada family,
and the Shigeyo, in Tamefumi and Akira of the Tatsuo family.
I'd say that's 8! Eh?
There are also their footprints.
And the mark on his crutch.
Isn't that right, Inspector?
All right, add me too, if you want.
Madam, you've come for the black horse, haven't you?
Then take it and go with the Torada family.
And you too.
-Go back to Tatsuo's house right now! -All right.
When you get home, tell this to your relatives.
That I know the murderer is one of them,
and that you can start praying to the gods, because when I arrive...
I will stop the murderer in front of everyone, and he will have no escape.
How is it, that now you call me lady and you no longer call me you, Kansuke?
I'm sorry, but you're no longer the Yui I knew when I was little.
Nor are you the agent Uehara who was under my command.
Now you're just the wife of a murder victim,
and a suspect of committing it.
(Think) "He said I was under him?"
"The Yui was a policeman..."
(Shigetsugu) How many times do I have to repeat it to her?
There is no reason for someone to want to kill me, really.
If you say so... But what are you doing?
With all this going on,
I've decided to stop the search for Shingen Takeda's treasure,
and I've come here to look for my notes,
the ones I took while searching for the treasure, but I can't find them.
And couldn't it be that the Akira took them?
If I'm not mistaken, you and he are the only ones...
left alive from the group that was looking for the treasure.
I don't know, maybe he wants to keep the treasure all for himself.
No way!
The Akira would never do that to me!
Know that Akira was the hero of our class!

He was, but you know that over the years people change, Shigetsugu.
He thinks that deep down he's still a Tatsuo.
You can never trust any of them.
You idiot!
Don't judge him as if he were one of your useless sons.
The Akira is a samurai,
winner 5 years in a row of the archery competition.
-What are you doing here? -We just came to look for the Akira.
We couldn't find it, and we thought it would be here.
Ah, you don't need to suffer.
I just got a call from Heiji.
He says that the Akira has finished archery practice
and has gone home.
Well, great, let's all go home and wait there...
until the case is solved.
That's an excellent idea, isn't it?
-You too, Mr. Shigetsugu! -Huh?
That's right.
Well, anyway, we started to pass.
Be careful, coming home.
Oh... What an ogre of a woman.
Someone should make a new face for this monster.
Right back at you,
you lapdog who's got more for a mustache than a shell!
Hey... Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Remember what Shingen used to say:
"Friendship is an ally, quarrels, an enemy."
-Eh? -Hey?
Wouldn't it be better if they stopped fighting
and for the sake of the two families
to try to work together to solve the case?
Eh?
I don't have to take this from a fool like you.
What you said was Agent Kai's favorite phrase.
He used to settle disputes between the two families
with these very words.
He must be a follower of Shingen, but he's a fool!
(Male) "What, will you marry me, major?"
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Just kidding. En Kansuke wouldn't be amused."
"Hey, please don't call me master."
"I know I'm older than you, but we're rivals nonetheless."
"Just call me Kai, and that's it."
Hey, Hattori, why do you think the assassin is inspired...
in the fūrinkazan banner for his murders?
I don't know, it's hard to say,
but maybe it's not a coincidence
That the 3 dead men were looking for Shingen's treasure.
Or maybe... he does it to mislead,
because he doesn't want the real motive to be known.
I believe that Yoshiro's death by the tornado was a coincidence,
but it's no coincidence that next to his corpse
a dead centipede was found next to his corpse.
It seems to me that the murderer had been planning to kill everyone for a long time.
had been planning to kill all 3 of them for a long time.
Then, it would be nice to find out...
why Yoshiro Torada and Koji Tatsuo
wanted to go to see Inspector Yamato and what they wanted to tell him.
Yes, and also why the Ayaka has scared so much, before dying,
when he felt the story of Shingen's helmet.
There's another thing that doesn't fit me.
Ja la sé.
(At the same time) That agent Kai fell off the cliff.
Anyway, we still have one of the 4 elements of fūrinkazan left, fire.
Who do you think will be next?
The Akira or...?
(rumbling)
(Conan voice) This noise!
What was that?
I don't know, it sounded like thunder.
(Level crossing: acoustic signal)
(Kazuha) Heiji!
Something horrible has happened!
What, Kazuha?
What happened?
Say?
"I heard a very loud noise,"
and when I turned around, Shigetsugu had disappeared.
When I went to look for her, at the level crossing, the train had stopped...
and in front of the train there is a person lying on the ground.
A person engulfed in flames, burning!
A person burning? - "Yes. Do you think it's in Shigetsugu?"
Don't move from here, I'm coming right away!
"Can it be the fire?"
"Fierce... like fire?"
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.
And next to the cover we found a dead centipede.
What do you mean?
That Shigetsugu's death wasn't an accident?
No, it's a serial murder.
Yes.
Lightning and thunder.
I'm sorry to tell you that it seems...
...the battle is not over yet.
Don't miss the next episode!
"The fūrinkazan. Ending with lightning and shadows".

