"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions."
"The mystery of the fūrinkazan. In Conan and Heiji they come to the end."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

"The Torada and Tatsuo families are enemies
and are involved in a series of murders."
"The crimes are inspired by the text of the banner fūrinkazan,
by Takeda Shingen."
"Why does the culprit have this obsession with en Shingen?"
"And what does all this have to do
with the death of policeman Kuroto Kai, 6 years earlier?"
"The mystery is complicated by the appearance of a new victim."
"The fūrinkazan. Ending with lightning and shadows."
(Level crossing: acoustic signal)
The corpse has been charred,
but from the physical characteristics,
I'm sure it's Shigetsugu Torada.
-It was the Tatsuo family. No sir.
This is nonsense.
By the way, where is your fishing rod?
-The fishing rod? -Yes, it is.
I didn't see it because he was carrying it in a holster,
but I'm sure it was a fishing rod.
Just a second.
Maybe this means that...
That's right.
In Shigetsugu he touched the catenary wires with the fishing rod
and that's why he got electrocuted.
Where did you find this, do you know?
We found it there, in some bushes.
The rod sheath was over there.
We found it over there where the level crossing is.
This makes me think that, in fact, it was electrocuted there,
but then the train dragged it here where it is now.
And next to the case we found a dead centipede.
This case is related to the others.
"In Yoshiro Torada died during a tornado: wind."
"Koji Tatsuo was beaten to death
and buried in a mound: mountain."
"Ayaka Tatsuo was hung from a tree: forest."
"And at Shigetsugu Torada he has been burned to death
due to an electric shock: fire."
"Thus, the message of the fūrinkazan has been completed."
My God!
Why have my wife and friends been killed like this?
Mr. Yamato, I found a notebook.
What is it?
It looks like someone was writing down what they were doing to recover the buried gold.
Couldn't this notebook be
what he was looking for in Shigetsugu before he died?
Yes.
They must have used it to exchange notes with each other.
According to what I see written in this notebook, 6 years ago,
these people caused the accidental death of a person...
and they were discussing for quite some time
whether they should tell the police or not,
but in the end, they decided not to.
And according to the notes in the notebook,
Mr. Akira Tatsuo, they did it for you.
Let me see: what do you mean?
This person who died 6 years ago was in Kuroto Kai?
Yes, the deceased was in Kuroto Kai.
They did it so that you would win the playoffs
and be chosen to play the horse archer.
They wanted you to be injured in Kuroto Kai.
They are going to throw firecrackers to scare away the horse
while training with the intention of making it fall.
But the horse got more frightened than they had anticipated
and bolted.
He says they found the horse and knight at the foot of a cliff.
What?
No...
From the handwriting I see in the notebook, there were 4 involved.
From the Torada family they must have been in Yoshiro and Shigetsugu
and from the Tatsuo family it must have been Koji and Ayaka.
I don't understand.
And the notebook, how did it end up here?
Surely not by chance.
There is a strategy here.

Shigetsugu pretended to be looking for the notebook to hide the fact that he already had it.
to hide the fact that he already had it.
But in the end, remorse for killing in Kuroto Kai...
led her to burn herself.
Therefore, this series of deaths since 6 years ago?
Yes.
After having eliminated his accomplices
in that death 6 years ago,
he has condemned himself to death
and, by the way, he has tried to hide the truth.
In Shigetsugu Torada is the perpetrator of these murders
and tried to burn himself with the notebook
to hide the truth from Akira Tatsuo.
But finally,
the notebook incriminating him and everyone else was not burned.
I don't understand.
Do you think he did it for the Akira?
I know that in Kuroto Kai would have made them pay;
that is, he'll make them pay the other party.
We'll have to call this case closed.
I wish I could say that you can all go home now,
but I will have to search your homes for evidence.
So, you'll have to stay here.
Hey, what do you think?
Would you say that Shigetsugu found the notebook?
I don't know.
It's strange, because apparently he didn't have it on him.
But we know that he stopped looking for it
and that he started looking at the mails.
So maybe he had found it.
The e-mails?
Yes.
In fact, now that I remember, just when we were about to leave...
The e-mails? Hey, Heiji.
What's up?
What did you find?
(Shinichi voice) Look how curious.
(Shinichi's voice) Mm?
A stone tied with a string.
This string I think is the same one that's tied to the notebook.
Hey, what are you doing, looking for it, though?
Didn't you feel the case was closed?
It's over with the fire that has burned in Shigetsugu.
Rather the llamp.-Eh?
Have you seen what lightning?
It seems to me that it will start raining soon.
(Think) "Lightning..."
(Think) "Lightning..."
My goodness!
How long will they make us wait here in the rain?
Hey, Tatsue,
do you remember the weather the day he died in Kuroto Kai?
My husband had nightmares and said:
"That noise, that burst of light..."
Maybe he was talking about thunder and lightning.
-I don't think so.
It was a sunny day. Yes, it was very sunny.
My poor Shigetsugu will have to put up with the rain.
Hey, Heiji, can't we do something?
He's disappeared.
And Conan too.
Well, here we go again.
Here we go again.
This is the place where they hung the Ayaka.
Then there were no petjades. It's true.
And now the only thing you can see are the footprints of inspector Yamato
and the signs he left with his crutch when he came.
I would like to know why she was hanged, Ayaka.
It's very strange, because the Torada family was with us...
until the Ayaka disappeared from the sink.
And the Tatsuo family was all inside a car
that Tamefumi Tatsuo was driving.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Ah, it's the detective we saw earlier.
What's he here to do?
Inspector Yamato ordered us
to cover the crime scene because it looks like it's going to rain.
(Conan voice) And listen, what is this coat?
Ah!
I took it because I found it hooked on a branch.
And by any chance...... is not spring?
No.
The inspector asked me the same question, but there is no spring.
What's that?
Well, now we have to hurry.
Since inspector Yamato is back to work,
he won't let us rest for a moment.
Where was Inspector Yamato until now?
When he was looking for a prisoner who was out on parole
and had escaped, he was hit by an avalanche.
Later, in Kuroto Kai he was able to arrest that prisoner,
but he disappeared again 6 years ago.
The inspector believes that the man
is related to the death of Kuroto Kai.
Due to the avalanche, Inspector Yamato lost an eye...
and was unconscious in a hospital for a long time.
And is that so?
The man is related to the death of Kuroto Kai?
No, unfortunately, it turned out that he was not.
But fate is sometimes very cruel.
Yui Uehara, wife of one of the victims,
worked with Inspector Yamato before the accident.
He and Yui were determined to find out what was behind Kuro's death.
who was hiding Kuroto Kai's death, but they were unsuccessful.
She got married and left the police force.
They had both become policemen

because they wanted to become like in Kuroto Kai.
6 years ago, when she died in Kuroto Kai,
Yui Uehara was still working in the police force?
Yes, she had just recently joined.
She got tired of crying.
Speaking of crying, I remember something strange.
What's that?
That when the Ayaka Tatsuo died,
we should have found traces of tears on his face,
but he had wiped them away.
And how do you know, that he had wiped his tears?
Because the eyeshadow had gone from his eyelids
and it was the index finger of her right hand.
She must have done it by wiping her tears.
And what color was it? Tell us about it.
Well... it was a very normal blue color.
So take it and go to the Torada family.
"Sure!" "Now I get it."
Apparently, this battle...
...is far from over.
What?
That the police will enter this house again?
Yes, Inspector Yamato will come with several officers...
and will search this house.
And I'll tell them that they will also search the Tatsuo family home.
And how long will this search last?
-Surely, there's enough for 3 or 4 days.
It's 3 or 4 days, you say?
Hey, but didn't the party start here for 3 days?
Yes, that's true.
The party, right.
Yes, the party.
(Trona)
(Pwensa) "Yoshiro, Koji, Ayaka, Shigetsugu..."
"Why would I do what you did to Kuroto Kai for me? I don't understand."
Is it you?
I've been waiting for you..,
Yui Torada.
Oh, you were?
You were waiting for me?
-Why, Akira Tatsuo? -Yes, I was.
Because when you found Shigetsugu dead at the foot of the track,
you said she'd been burned by lightning.
Although her body had been burned by the electricity,
it was actually the force of the lightning that had burned her,
just as it was written.
Exactly.
But this is not the only concept
that the great Sunzi uses in his treatise.
In addition to "be quick as lightning," which is the phrase we were referring to, he also says "be impenetrable,
he also says "be impenetrable like the shadow".
The reference to lightning means
that you should always act quickly and by surprise.
The reference to the shadow means
that when you act, you must always do it hidden.
"So it is not strange that in Kuroto Kai died hidden at the foot of that cliff.
hidden at the foot of that cliff where he could see no one."
To the 4 who caused Kuroto Kai's death 6 years ago,
his bloodstained shirt, so bright red,
would make them think of the armor
Shingen Takeda's Akazonae knights.
Ah!
That's why all the deaths are inspired by Shingen.
Yes, to bring out the 4 they had killed in Kuroto Kai.
As expected, Koji reacted almost instantly.
On the other hand, Ayaka and Shigetsugu,
they were not interested in Shingen at all.
That is why they did not react to the dead centipedes.
Until there was all the fuss about Suwa Hossyo's helmet
the Ayaka did not understand what it was really all about.
And she was forced to reveal the name of en Shigetsugu.
Now I understand:
You have come to do to me what you did to those four.
You came to eliminate an enemy of Kuroto Kai.
To eliminate you, you say?
No, Akira, actually, I've come to protect you,
protect you from the real killer, which is right over there.
Oh!
Really?
No wonder, from an ex-cop.
How did you figure it out, that it was me?
For the blue eye shadow that was on Ayaka's finger.
"Ao", which means "blue", pointed to your horse;
the Aokage.
"That made me think that you were riding on top of that black horse."
Mi-te-la, how clever, she!
When are you going to get the Akaya to give you the name of Shigetsugu?
you already had another victim.
Yes.
En Shigetsugu was the son of my husband's first wife.
Between him and me there was no blood tie.
But why did you do it, Tatsue?
Because she was the one who really killed in Kuroto Kai.
My husband when he had nightmares said:
"That noise, that burst of light..."
This made me think that there was another person
at the crime scene 6 years ago.
Tatsue, it's you;
isn't it?
Yes, I also wanted to hurt Kuroto Kai.
That's why I threw a trait

to the legs of his horse with this rifle
and then he fell off the cliff.
But, of course, some people started to make a mess,
as if they had unintentionally caused the man's death.
What a laugh!
If they thought that, it would have been better if they had said nothing.
Then, Yoshiro started to say...
that they should tell the police
that they had heard a gunshot and seen a burst of light.
But God punished him and sent a big tornado to shut him up.
My husband was badly wounded and you left him to die.
All you did was leave the centipede by his side.
Yes, then I had already had the idea of using the wind
and the other elements of the fūrinkazan.
This means that it was already clear to you from the start
That one of the victims had to be the Akira Tatsuo.
What?
Yes.
The element that will kill the Akira will be fire.
And since you've come to ruin
the little gambling business we had set up,
these flames will consume you too.
What do you say about betting?
They organize bets for the horseback archery party.
People bet how many arrows out of 10 they will miss.
But, of course, the problem was that in Kai never missed any,
until you move one of the targets.
Since it never missed, it wasn't worth betting on.
And since it's been 5 years since you never missed a head either, you must also die.
Everything indicates that you wanted to avenge the death of Kuroto Kai.
You did it so that you loved her very much,
but remorse pushed you to commit suicide.
But we will adapt to the circumstances.
Like this stupid,
to solve the case of agent Kuroto Kai's death,
went so far as to marry Yoshiro, a man she didn't love,
we will make it look like she killed you
and that her motive was resentment.
All right, but answer me one question:
why were there no signs, to the tree where Ayaka was hung?
This stupid girl wants to know.
It's not worth explaining anything to a person who is going to die.
(Heiji) What about the horse?
You put the Ayaka on your horse, didn't you?
And then you put a rope around his neck.
But the rope was tied to a branch on the other side of the tree.
"Then you made his horse walk backwards.
"So that no one would know what connection those tracks had
had to do with the woman hanging in the tree."
-How long have you been here? -You must be quick as the wind.
I've been waiting here for more than two hours, before you arrived.
(Conan voice) Allow me to explain
why nobody saw that the Ayaka was on his horse.
You had him covered with a black coat.
When the Ayaka was hiding in the bathroom,
you called her cell phone and managed to get her to come out.
When Akira and the others left on horseback,
you made her get on your black horse,
covered her with a coat and took her into the woods.
What-what is this?
How did you do that?
You must always be as quiet as the forest.
You've been waiting for me here for a long time.
But there seems to be someone who has arrived before us.
Is there... is there anyone else?
(Yamato) If you know your target, never lose your cool.
Sit in a corner and watch.
You have to be as still as a mountain.
It was you.
I had it all planned.
Yes.
Since the police were supposed to be hanging around until the party,
today was the only possibility.
But compared to your plan of stealing the notebook
and hang it on the catenary to electrocute Shigetsugu,
my was almost child's play.
You used a string to tie a stone into the notebook
and then threw it up so it would stick to the catenary.
With an email you told him where it was in Shigetsugu,
and when he wanted to unhook it with the cane, he got electrocuted.
Well, if you still want to start a fire, go ahead,
but I've already alerted the firemen, who are waiting outside.
To the attack, go!
(Shouting)
Hey, I use the band that does not cut.
Quiet!
Watch! -Wretched!
Look how well!
The best ever for you.
"And that's how we prevented the last murder from happening."
"And that war that had been going on for six years
was finally ended with a good black eye."

(Kazuha) What?
I'm really going to fight the culprits yesterday?
Why didn't you ask us for help? We could have helped you, man.
No, you couldn't.
Would I have let you do something so dangerous?
Then you'll have to come to the police station to testify.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
And you, the same.
Report to the police station, too.
-Yes, of course. Goodbye.
You have to be quick as a flash.
Eh?
-Just a minute.
W-What?
I did it because I thought you were dead, Kansuke.
I thought I had to do something to solve that case.
That's why I married Yoshiro.
You poor thing!
When I say this..., I feel sorry for Yoshiro.
What an ass!
Didn't I tell you to come to the police station?
When you're free of duty and ready to go back.
The commissioner is waiting for you, too.
He misses that bad coffee you used to make.
Have you seen this?
Looks like these two...
...really understand each other.
Could you feel what she was saying before? You were so close to her.
It seems to me she said she should be as quick as the wind.
(Think) "The strategy of love!" (Think) "The fūrinkazan."
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.
-Heiji! -What?
-What's wrong, Kazuha? -You come with me. -You come with me.
(Thinking) "What's wrong now?" (Mobile: vibrates)
"Oh! La Ran."
Hello, are you the Shinichi? (Shinichi voice) Hello, Ran.
What's the matter?
You want to tell me what's wrong?
I'm going to make everything very clear to you today.
"Couldn't we talk later?" Later?
No, we have to talk now.
You have to be quick as the wind.
A-one second.
I'm going to the bathroom.
No, you're not.
You're not going anywhere now, Heiji.
You have to attack fiercely like fire.
You have to be silent... (Kazuha)... as is the forest.
As you wish.
We can talk later.
No, no, listen, let's take a rain check.
Hey, wait a minute.
Do you know what's wrong with them? No.
Maybe they're in a bad mood because they're hungry.
You've got to be quiet as a mountain.
"On November 30, a treasure will appear...
which will only be revealed at sunset."
A treasure?
Miss Kimiko, do you know anything about all this?
But what is it, the riddle of the fox?
Hey, here's a picture of a fox.
Tomorrow is November 30 and the treasure will appear.
We mustn't miss the opportunity.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Mystery of the Meiji Restoration. The investigation".

