"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries.
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions.
"In the next two chapters,
"we'll be looking for treasure in the city of steam locomotives.
"The truth always comes out in the end.
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult,
"And he's... Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

"The mystery of the Meiji restoration. The investigation."
This shrine is dedicated to the figure of Yoshida Shou,
the man who trained the young men who would later become
the leaders of the Meiji Restoration of Japan.
Shou?
The Meiji Restoration took place 150 years ago.
-What is the Meiji restaurant? -Restoration, not restaurant, man!
Shou traveled all over Japan to expand his knowledge.
And because he wanted to transform his country,
he also studied the government systems of foreign countries.
Until then, Japan had been a closed country.
True to his desire to see the world,
he even tried to sneak out of Japan to travel to America.
Poor guy!
He was executed and could not do it.
He was too far ahead of his time.
However, a few young people followed his ideals.
Those ambitious young men were
who modernized our country.
Is that clear to you?
I don't understand why these brats have had to add to the field trip
to the History of Japan course.
Come on, it's not that bad.
I'm sure today will be a great day and we'll have a great time.
Hey, that's what I was supposed to say.
- (girl) Aaaah! What-what's the matter?!
-Give me that! (girl) - No, no!
It's mine.
-What's this? -What's the matter?
Hold it!
You coward!
Did he hurt you?
(Car engine: starts up)
(Wheels: screeching)
(Wheels: screeching) -Wow!
So, they had threatened you? - (girl) Yes.
They had told me that if I didn't give them the diary, they would hurt me,
and that if I told the police, my life would be in danger.
They had called me several times to threaten me.
And you have no idea who it might have been?
No, I have no idea.
Listen, this diary they wanted to steal from you looks very old.
Yes, it's a very old diary that my grandfather had written...
and he gave it to me.
-But there are only riddles. Riddles?
My grandfather was very fond of playing with words..,
and the games he invented, he wrote them down in this notebook.
Ah!
But before I could solve all the riddles, my grandfather died,
my grandfather died.
Just 5 years ago today.
He was a great admirer of Yoshida Shou.
That's why I wanted to go to his shrine today.
Very good.
One wonders why these people want your diary now.
This is what I would like to know.
Mr. Mouri, I would be very grateful if you would look into this mystery.
Of course I will.
And I'll get right on it.
Just a moment.
Here, where it's torn, you can see something.
Let's see what it is.
What does it say?
"On November 30, a treasure will appear...
which will only be revealed at sunset."
"Then you will have to solve the riddle of the fox."
A treasure?
Miss Kimiko, do you know anything about this?!
I only know that he was telling me...
Kimiko, know that I have a hidden treasure...
that I could use to buy the whole country.
-What?
Is it true?! - A treasure to buy the whole country?!
Hey, how many bowls of eels could I buy?!
Why does everything have to be measured in plates of food?
But what is it, the riddle of the fox?
How curious!
Look at that.
Here is a picture of a fox.
"Make the fox eat the carp".
What does it mean? Some carp in a canal.

It is very curious.
Maybe it refers to the city where I was born.
And what city were you born in, you?
Tsuwano, in the prefecture of Shimane.
-Well, come on, let's go immediately! -Why?
Tomorrow is November 30 and the treasure will appear.
We must not miss the opportunity.
We'll leave first thing tomorrow morning.
First thing tomorrow morning?
Now it's too late to buy train tickets.
-Ha-ha!
Let me do it... (both) What?
Sonoko Suzuki can arrange that.
I'll use my family's contacts
to buy train tickets for everyone.
I can arrange everything.
-Now you will see the power of the Suzuki. -Ya.
Now that the great Kogoro Mouri is in charge of the case,
rest assured that it's already half solved.
Ha-ha-ha!
Sorry, we have a problem.
The girl has gone to see Kogoro Mouri.
Oh, my!
It's just the same.
Continue to follow her.
Thank you for taking the case.
Now I'm calmer.
No, you're welcome, you're welcome.
I don't understand what you mean, this riddle.
- "Make the fox eat the carp." Do you think they're good, the carp?
I don't understand why he had to come too.
If you don't need to understand.
We saved the Kimiko, in case you don't remember.
Yeah...
How original, this guessing thing!
Your grandfather must have been a very creative man, right, Kimiko?
Yes, he always came up with some very curious ideas, really.
Kimiko, let's see if you know how to answer me:
How many stamps do you have to use to send a letter to the future?
Send a letter to the future?
And what was the answer to this question?
I don't know, he didn't tell me.
(Megaphone: man) "Shin-Yamaguchi. Shin-Yamaguchi."
(Kimiko) Now we have to take the Yamaguchi line to go to Tsuwano.
- (boy) Kimiko: -Huh?
-Kimiko, what's wrong with you? (boy) -What?
No.
Who is this boy, Kimiko?
My name is Shigeru Kawaguchi and I'm a friend of Kimiko.
They already explained to me what happened to you in Tokyo.
Did they also explain to you that we saved her?
-Yes, because we are... (all)... the Detective League!
Well, congratulations.
Well, congratulations.
And thank you for protecting my friend.
-Kimiko, you're going back to Tsuwano, right? -Ahm... Yes, I am.
Kimiko!
Hello, it's me again.
9 tickets will be enough.
Yes, the others can be cancelled.
Oh, my goodness!
-You can feel the heat from the boiler. And how embarrassing it is!
-Come on, this train will go! - (all) Yes!
(Train: tuuut)
Some days for this line go steam trains.
All the seats are full.
How did you manage to find tickets at the last minute?
It was very easy.
As I have contacts...
Are there hot springs around here?
The Yuda hot springs are famous.
In case you don't know, this guy's name isn't Shigeru Kawaguchi.
-How did you guess?
The pendant that Kimiko is wearing on her cell phone
and the one he wears around his neck are the same.
Both have the initials engraved on them.
Kimiko's says K.K., for Kimiko Kobayakawa.
His says A.T.,
but if it said Shigeru Kawaguchi it should say S.K., no?
I would like to know why he hides his name from us.
It was very easy.
Since I have contacts...
I'll use my family's contacts
to buy train tickets for everyone.
I can get everything!
(Thinking) "You mean you have contacts with someone powerful in this region."
-What do you want to do? -Do me a favor and listen to me first.
What-what's the matter with you? Ha-ha!
I'm looking for the toilets.
Ah.
They're that way. Thank you very much.
(PA: male) "Tsuwano. Tsuwano."
(Man) Excuse me, are you Mr. Mouri?
Ahm... Yes, I am.
Thank you very much for coming from so far away.
My name is Tsuneo Kikkawa and I work for the Kobayakawa family.
Thank you very much for coming to help.
By the way, where is Miss Kimiko?
What?
But she was with us.
Ostres!
Maybe she's been kidnapped.
No, I'm here.
I hadn't thought of bringing a gift for her mother and I bought her one.
I got scared!
It makes you laugh: I came from Tokyo and I bought her the present here.
(All: laugh)
-Hey, where did your friend go? -I don't know, he must have already left.
What, let's go then?
"The future of our city is the construction industry."

"I think everyone already knows everything I've done for the city."
-Who is this? -This one?
His name is Hisamichi Takahashi
and he's one of the big construction businessmen in this region.
He has invested a lot in hotel complexes around here.
Now he's running in the prefectural elections.
"Our region will get a new boost....
and everyone will live much better than they do now,
but the only one who can achieve this is me in Hisamichi Takahashi."
To me in Takahashi makes me feel safe.
Yes, and I am sure that he is the one who loves the city the most.
I'm amazed that such a good father had a son like the one he has.
You're talking about Atsushi, aren't you?
Let's see when he'll stop being a punk, that kid.
(Kikkawa) Now we're on Tonomachi Street.
This is where the old samurai houses are preserved.
(Ayumi) Oh, look at those tents!
In the old days they used to raise them here
so they could have food in case of need.
Oh, they did?
Very well, but when will we make the fox eat the carp?
But what are you saying, man?
This was a riddle.
-We won't make him eat them for real. I already knew it!
(Woman) I want to thank you for what you have done.
(Mouri) They don't deserve it.
I'm glad your daughter is well.
But also, you should know something else:
recently they broke into the house.
(All) What?! (All) Really?
Maybe they were looking for the diary.
Yes, maybe that's what they were looking for.
Mr. Mouri, please find those who are doing all this to us.
Of course I will.
By the way, Kimiko told us...
that her grandfather had told her he had a great treasure.
You too?
Yes, I've also heard a lot about this famous treasure.
According to what they say, the Kobayakawa family was able to rebuild...
after the war thanks to this great treasure,
but I know it wasn't only because of that.
The treasure sure helped but, above all, it was thanks to my father's efforts,
it was thanks to my father's efforts.
Being powerful, the Kobayakawa family also has enemies.
They are the families that knew how to position themselves well by taking advantage of the
after the war.
People here have always had great confidence in the Kobayakawa,
but his enemies are trying to erode this trust.
From what you say, it is possible?
that these enemies are also the ones looking for the diary.
We have to find the treasure before they find it, don't we?
-And so much! -Daixò..., can we start now?
Oh!
Oh!
Excuse me.
-Yes, of course, of course. -(all) Thank you.
These are typical Yamaguchi sweets.
I'm sure you'll find them very different
from the sweets you eat in Nagoya.
-Oh, they're good! -They look like jelly.
I finished it in one bite.
Eh?
I know what "make the fox eat the carp" means.
It means make them disappear.
Mitsuhiko, don't you have a copy of this page?
Yes, hold on.
What are you doing, Conan? What is this?
One second.
Oh!
Oh!
The tents... they're gone!
-Oh, it's true! -Oh!
If the fox eats them, there are no more carp.
In the end it's easy.
That's good.
And now that you've folded the paper, what?
Oh!
Look, you can see some letters! Oh, really?
When you put the sides of the channel together, some letters come out.
"Under the top of the hidden inari."
A hidden inari?
There are many such statues at Taikodani Shrine.
We've got it!
The treasure is the Taikodani shrine.
-Come on, over there! - (all) Yes!
Oysters!
To get to the top, we'll have to go through a lot of arches.
(Kikkawa) Exactly.
There are more than a thousand arches, from here to the top.
- (Mouri) More than a thousand?! - And we have to walk up?
(Kikkawa) Wow!
I don't see any other way.
(Mouri) Ah!
I'm already dead.
-Come on, Genta, do me a favor. Come on, come on, make an effort.
Come on, don't be exaggerated!
Yes, you can!
- (Genta) Phew!
Here we are. (Ayumi) At last!
(Mitsuhiko) Oh, what a fantastic view!
Now we just need to know what it means
(Ayumi) "Underneath the hidden inari highland".
Guaita, they're carrying food!
Where did they get it?
It's fried tofu.
Ha-ha!
Yes, it's fried tofu.
But it's not for eating, it's for making offerings.
They take fried tofu because it's the foxes' favorite food.
(Genta) Ah, very good.

And where do they leave them, the offerings?
Why?
You want to steal them? -You'll take them.
I was just asking.
The offerings are left in the main building...
or in a smaller chapel behind it.
Let's go to the chapel first.
Maybe there is the hidden inari.
Is it here?
Oh!
I don't see anything.
Look: here is the fried tofu.
Remember you can't take it, Genta.
-I know.
You don't need to repeat it. Guys, look what I found!
Hey, look up there.
There's a bunch of foxes!
-That's a guineus den. Yes, there is!
-That's good, Ayumi. Thank you.
Surely the hidden inari must be among all these.
No, it's not here.
It's here. Eh?
Oh! Here it is: the hidden inari.
Eh?
Let's see... "Under the tall one."
There's also an offering of fried stone tofu.
What?
A fried tofu?
Got it!
The symbol that means "high" also means "fried tofu".
Therefore, the treasure must be under that fried tofu made of stone.
How good you are, man! -Mitsuhiko, you're a genius.
Ha-ha-ha!
Thank you very much.
Ha-ha-ha!
- (Ayumi) A bottle! -What's that inside?
I don't know, but apparently, it's a piece of paper.
Let's see... I'd say it's a map!
(Ayumi) And there's something written on top.
-Let's see what it says. Huh?
"Reflect the castle in the cat's eye and look under the mouse".
I don't understand anything. "The cat's eye"?
There's a cat here.
Ah... This cat has a hole.
On the other hand, there is no mouse in the whole book.
Another riddle.
Listen, what's on this paper...
looks like an old map of the city of Hagi.
I think Hagi is also in Yamaguchi Prefecture.
Yes, it's the city where Yoshida Shou was born,
whom my grandfather admired so much.
Gee, gee, gee!
This means that the treasure should go to Hagi.
Oh, really?
They want to go to Haya?
You do not leave them track, you hear me?
And now!
Where is the Kimiko?
I'm coming, wait for me.
Oh, what a city!
It looks very old.
(Kimiko) It's true, they have preserved it as it was centuries ago.
In fact, to walk around the city,
you could even use a map from the Edo period.
It is extraordinary.
In fact, everything we see now is the same as what was seen by...
those who participated in the Meiji restoration.
It's true.
This is where the Meiji Restoration began.
-This is it: the Meiji grill. -No, the Meiji Restoration.
The Meiji Restoration is the time when the reforms were made
that turned Japan into a modern country.
Many important people of the Meiji Restoration were born in Hagi.
were born in Hagi.
(Auymi) Oh yeah?
Eh?
"Cat Street."
Maybe it has something to do with the riddle.
Oops, I don't know.
Just think that there are about 250 other streets named like that.
This street honors the memory
of a person very close to Terumoto Mori,
and he kind of liked cats a lot,
the street is called "Cat Street".
-Look, a real cat! - (cat: meows)
Eh?
A cat?
I know, I've already solved it!
-What's solved?
The riddle? -Exactly!
When the riddle talks about "castle",
it refers to these walls.
And it means that you have to watch where the cat is looking.
That's how we'll know where the treasure is.
Look carefully where this cat is looking.
Let's see, kitty, which way are you looking?
Aah!
Don't run away, kitty!
-And what else?
It's going wrong. Don't run away!
Mr. Mouri has a great sense of humor.
The problem is that he doesn't joke.
(Metallic clang)
(Thinking) "Wow! This is the one who calls himself Shigeru Kawaguchi."
But doesn't he understand what I'm saying?
Of course we understand.
"What's the fake Shigeru doing?"
"Oh, this face..."
"It's the man who attacked the Kimiko!"
(Kimiko) In this house lived Dr. Shusuke Aoki,
from the Edo period.
It is said that a treasure was found in this house.
-Do you know the story very well? Is it true about the treasure?
Yes, it says that the treasure was found in the basement.
The treasure!
The treasure is here, I'm sure of it!
-I'm sure too. Oh, I'm so nervous!
Yes, so am I.

Well, it's getting late.
We should be heading for Hagi's castle by now.
(Thinking) "What does what Shigeru says to himself have to do with those two men?
with those two men?"
"And who should it be, really?"
Nooo!
Aaah!
-Come on, hurry up! -Shut up, brat!
Hey!
Let it be!
-The keys!
Ah! Come here!
- (man) Police, over here! -(man) Hey!
Let's go, let's go!
Mitsuhiko!
(man) What's this? (man) Thank you!
(Sinichi voice) I got you! (Cracking)
(Thinks) "Damn it!"
"I didn't think they would dare to go this far!"
"What an ass I've been! I've cracked."
"Is it true that there is a treasure that could buy the whole country?"
"And who are those men?"
"What is that voice I hear? It sounds to me and I don't know what it's from."
(Man) "Police, over here!"
(Think) "What if it was the voice of...?"
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.
(Male voice) "We have the girl and the little ones."
"If you don't find the treasure..."
(Alarm flashing)
Conan! Mitsuhiko!
Mitsuhiko!
"Draw the map to the cave where the water goblin lives".
Let's see, where is that damn cave?!
We have to hurry a lot.
We only have time until the sun sets.
Don't miss the next episode!
"The mystery of the Meiji restoration. The denouement".

