"The curtain opens on the age of mysteries."
"Don't miss the spectacle of deductions."
"The treasure hunt has become complicated
and Ai and Mitsuhiko have been kidnapped."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kakushiteokitai himitsu ga kimi ni atta toshitemo.
Boku nimo utagawareteshimau koto ga aru Younis!
Aishisugiru kara yori fukaku Shirou to shiteshimau.
Tsuki no uragawa ni Futari no kokoro ha oiteikou!
Nigitta té no nukumori ga
Hitotsu no tashikana mono.
Subete wo shitteshimau to sore ijou susumenai ki ga suru...
Mysterious!
Mysterious na mama dakiai tokeaitai!
Tsukiakari ni kimi ni oboreru.
Nanatsu no Nazo no kimi no hohoemi!
Masui no Younes show no makuake!
Mysterious, na mama kimi iro ni somaritai!
Nazo mo mata tanoshikarazuya!
Muboubi ni kimi wo shinjikiru yo.
Tokei shikake no show ga hajimaru!

"At the Tokyo shrine dedicated to Yoshida Shou
we saved Kimiko Kobayakawa from a man who was attacking her."
"To search for the treasure that could buy a country.
"And that her grandfather had hidden very well, we went to Tsuwano,
the Kimiko's hometown."
"On the way, at Shin-Yamaguchi Station,
we met a friend of Kimiko's, in Shigeru Kawaguchi."
"But Ai and I guessed that that name was false."
"A Tsuwano we found another riddle,
"An ancient map of the city of Hagi
and a drawing of a cat in Kimiko's grandfather's diary."
"We went to Hagi to look for clues
"And there I saw that in Shigeru was talking to the men
who had attacked the Kimiko in Tokyo."
"Finally the mysterious attackers act."
"The mystery of the Meiji Restoration. The denouement."
What people!
They made a lot of noise.
What should we do?
What should we do?
Call the police immediately.
By the way, during the commotion I felt that someone was calling the police.
(Think) "That voice..."
(Shigeru) "Police! Up here!"
"My name is Shigeru and I'm a friend of Kimiko's."
"I'm sure he called."
(Cell phone)
It's Miss Kimiko's cell phone.
Turn on the speaker.
How do I do it?
You must press this button here.
(Distorted male voice) "Do you hear me? We have the girl and the little ones."
"If you don't find the treasure right away,
there's no need to explain what will happen to them."
- "Picture this." - Criminal!
"And don't notify the police. I'll call back."
(Communication cut off)
Hey, hey!
How are they, them?
How are they, them?
(Kogoro) We must call the police immediately.
We can't call them because they said that if we don't, they will hurt them.
But we don't know they won't hurt them either, if we don't tell them.
Yes.
Sure, I understand.
Look, Conan.
In Mitsuhiko he dropped this before he was caught.
At Mitsuhiko?
Oh!
I got it!
I've got it!
If we take Hagi's old map
and put it on top of the cat drawing...
-Oh!
The shape is the same -Hincada.
Surely this cat represents the map of Haya.
And when the riddle says
"Reflect the castle in the cat's eye."
it means that we place the castle on the eye.
We got it.
Now the hole in the cat's picture marks where we have to go.
Oh, so much!
If we go there, we will know what the instruction means.
"Look under the mouse".
Mr. Mouri, I've already alerted the police.
Hey, can you tell us which place in Hagi
is marked by the cat hole on the map?
What? Look at this.
Let's see... It's Enseji temple.
Then towards Enseji temple.
But we have to hurry a lot.
"On November 30th, a treasure will appear...
that will only be revealed at sunset."
We only have time until the sun sets.
(You can take off your bandages now.
I warn you that from down here no one will be able to feel you.
There is no need for you to try to do anything.
Let him say what he wants,
but I, at least, I do intend to do something.
He thinks we're little children.
Yes, that's true.
It's all right, if he thinks we'll give in easily.
(Pip-pip, pip-pip)
(Mitsuhiko) "Conan!" Mitsuhiko!
- "Conan, can you hear me?" - Mitsuhiko!
Are you all right? I hope they didn't do anything to you.

"No, they haven't done anything to us. They have us in a..."
- (Ai) "Hide." - (man) "What is this? Woman-me."
Mitsuhiko! "No."
-Hey, what's wrong? -Mitsuhiko, can you hear me?
I'll have to teach you a lesson!
Mitsuhiko!
Mitsuhiko!
It's cut off.
Oh, my!
You told me you'd already called the police, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
(Kikkawa) Now we're at Enseji Temple.
Important figures of the Meiji Restoration studied here.
What does "look under the mouse" mean?
Should we look for a mouse?
(Genta) Wow, you!
What a big face!
How scary!
-Ah! -Ah!
(Genta) What is this?
It's here!
I've already found it!
(Ayumi) Some mice!
Here are represented the animals of the Chinese zodiac.
(Kogoro) This means we have to look down here, right?
-Let's look over here. I-I don't see anything.
Kimiko's grandfather was very fond of puns.
He said he even made them in other languages.
In English, "mouse" is "mouse".
Well, I got it! Eh?
"Mouse" is similar to "mouth", which is mouth.
Let's see if there's anything under the mouth of this mask.
No.
But it could also be under here.
Couldn't it?
(Thinking) "I get it. It's here."
What is this? These are stone lanterns.
They are the biggest in the prefecture,
but they have the curiosity that some stones of the base move.
"Let's see if it moves."
I have already trobat.
Ostres, Conan, you are a crack!
How did you know, you had to look down here?
So that the holes that are on top of the lanterns
are called "fire mouth".
That's right.
Here it is also under a mouth.
What is it?
What do you think, here, now?
Let's see.
- (Genta) What is this, Conan? - (Ayumi) Another riddle?
(Ayumi) One second.
I think I've already seen this in the newspaper.
Look: I already said it.
It's a page they tore out of the diary.
Well, these pages must be another riddle.
Read the.
"Draw the map to the cave where the water sprite lives".
In this area I only know of one cave
where they say a water sprite lives....
-And it's real? -The cave of Akiyoshi.
(Male voice) "So, you know where the treasure cave is?"
Are the three abductees all right?
"Do you know where the treasure cave is?"
First we want to hear the voice of those you have kidnapped.
"If you wish to hear their voices now, you will never hear them again."
Oh!
Grrrr!
In Akiyoshi's cave.
(Communication cut off)
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
(Kikkawa) Akiyoshi Cave is one of the largest limestone caves in the East.
in the whole of the East.
"The sun will soon set."
Hurry!
(Think) "Draw the map to the cave."
"This means that in this cave there will be clues to complete the map."
This cave room is called "Ao-Tenjo".
The light filtering in from outside reflects off the water
and makes the ceiling look blue.
And now where are we? The sign says "Nagabuchi".
"Hyakumaizara."
"Hyakumaizara" means "a hundred plates."
And it looks like a hundred plates, doesn't it?
(Shinichi voice) Hyakumaizara, Nagabuchi, Ao-Tenjo...
Ao, Hyaku...
(Conan voice) I got it!
What do you mean you got it? (Conan voice) Look.
Let's cut these pages.
Ah! (Conan voice)
Man, what are you doing?
This is what we have to do.
Take a good look at what we have now.
See the letters at the top, on the left?
Yes.
Well, they are the initials of each of the rooms of the Akiyoshi cave:
A for Ao-Tenjo, which means "blue";
N for Nagabuchi, which means "long."
And here is the Hyakumaizara room, too.
See the other halls.
That's right, you're right.
Then come Donaifuji,
Kabocyaiwa, Oomatsutake, Subogaki, Chirimeniwa...
This is the order of the halls.
Therefore, if we arrange the pieces of paper according to the order of the halls
starting from the entrance...
What will happen?
You never know.
You can see.
Ostres!
It is the map of a cave.
(Genta) Look: there is a cross.
This must be where the treasure is buried.
And look at the sentence under here.
I do not understand what it says.
What language is it?

Try reading it from right to left.
Ah!
Backwards?
Ku... ro... ta... ta... ni... gu... chi.
Kurotaniguchi.
It's too complicated.
You read it.
"To Kurotaniguchi, the twin dragons, at the tip of the fox's nose,
to the stone of light."
Kurotaniguchi is a place near here.
(Kogoro) We are already in Kurotaniguchi.
Now we have to look for some twin dragons on the tip of a fox's snout.
First we must understand what this twin dragons thing means.
Just a moment;
do you know if there are two waterfalls nearby,
side by side?
Two waterfalls?
Shut up, it seems to me that in the middle of the mountain there are two waterfalls.
The twin dragons are two waterfalls?
We already have it very close.
Now we have to find the fox's nose.
Let's go, let's go!
Mr. Kikkawa.
Kikkawa.
Digues.
May I borrow your cell phone for a moment?
Oh!
Yes, sure.
But who do you want to call now? Ah, that's right.
There's no time, now.
I'll wait.
I'll wait for you.
You're welcome, kid.
The twin dragons.
This is it.
So now what we have to do
is look for something that's shaped like a fox's snout, I guess.
I don't know what it is.
But all I see here is a lot of rocks.
Where could this fox be?
Oh!
I've already seen it.
It's over there.
What is it?
Where is it?
You mean that stone?
But it doesn't look like a fox.
The ombra.
What?
The shadow?
Oh!
It's true.
I get it: we didn't have to look for an object, but simply for a shadow.
And look what's on the tip of the nose:
it must be the stone of light.
Inside there will be something that shines in the sunlight.
Surely the sunlight only ten touches this thing that shines on this thing
every 30th of November.
So now we have to move this stone.
- (Ayumi) The treasure must be here. (Kogoro) Yes, it sure is here.
Genta, Ayumi, go very carefully, especially.
Ran, you don't suffer.
Here we have to choose between two paths.
Let's take the one on the right.
Then we'll have to turn right again
and again to the right.
And then left and left again.
Right, right, right, right, left and left.
To the right, to the right, to the right and then twice to the left!
Don't knock so much, we are not deaf!
(Kikkawa) Sorry, sorry, I'm just very nervous, you know?
- (Genta) Now we have to break here... (Ayumi) It must be getting close.
Yes, I'm sure we're about to arrive.
(Ayumi) Oh!
Where are we now?
(Ayumi) How nice!
This is where the treasure must be.
This light must be coming through the cracks in the ceiling.
It's the moonlight. (Ayumi) Oh, how romantic!
But, Conan, where is the treasure? Surely it's over there.
Here's the treasure?
Let's open it, then.
-The treasure! -Oh!
Don't move!
I congratulate you all.
Ouch!
Mitsuhiko!
How are you?
Did they hurt you? No.
They haven't done anything to us.
Now give us the treasure.
Then we'll release the prisoners.
-Miss Kimiko! -Come on, hurry!
Eh?
Aaah!
What's wrong with you?
(Kogoro's voice) Here's someone who acts like a criminal
but who, deep down, isn't one.
-It doesn't fit your paper. Mr. Mouri.
Come on, why don't you come out of hiding?
Eh, Shigeru?
What's that?
(Rumor)
-How can it be?
What are you doing here? -Huh?
Shigeru! (Kogoro voice) Shigeru, you say?
No, you don't say Shigeru, this guy in front of you.
Isn't it?
This pendant you're wearing around your neck is from the same collection
as the one Kimiko wears on her cell phone.
Naturally, Kimiko's says "K.K." on it.
On the other hand, on your pendant it says "A.T."
And another thing: I found it suspicious
that you had no trouble finding 9 tickets
for a train that was very full.
That's why I thought you were related to someone powerful in the region.
When we arrived, we saw an election rally of a man....
whose name was Hisamichi Takahashi.
He is an influential person
and now he's running for the prefectural election.
There I felt...
I'm amazed that such a good father had a son like the one he has.
You're talking about Atsushi, right?
Hisamichi Takahashi's son is called Atsushi,
Atsushi Takahashi.
And his initials are A.T.
Really, he's a good detective.
Yes, my name is Atsushi Takahashi.

One question, Atsushi: the person who called the police
when those men have kidnapped Kimiko and the other two...
(Atsushi) Police!
It fits here!
...it's you, isn't it?
(Atsushi) That's right.
And now that it's all out in the open, show your face, Father!
What an imbecile you are!
This man...
...is what made the speech in front of the station.
(Kogoro voice) When Atsushi found out
that his father had wanted to harm the Kimiko
and that he was spying on her, he wanted to prevent it.
Yes, but unfortunately I didn't find out until yesterday.
I don't care if he hurts the girl a little.
She must get the diary no matter what.
That's why I wanted to go to Shin-Yamaguchi Station to tell her.
And why is that?
I don't understand why you did it.
The answer is quite simple:
He did it to protect Miss Kimiko, of course.
To protect her?
I saw that Miss Kimiko didn't look at all calm at the station.
She didn't seem to want anyone to see her talking to her son.
If anyone found out about us,
Kimiko and I would never see each other again.
Of course.
Her family has a great treasure and wants to keep it hidden.
I am very different from the Kobayakawa.
When I have the treasure, I will invest everything to make this town grow,
so that it can progress.
By going over everything?
Kidnapping some creatures, if it is convenient?
Letting go.
Apa, you are already free.
But, father...
-Atsushi... -Kimiko...
Mr. Kikkawa, what do you want to do?
Mr. Kikkawa.
(Kogoro voice) Now we all see that it was you,
who explained to Mr. Takahashi all about the treasure.
Conan told me that he had looked at your cell phone
and that he saw that you had not made any calls to the police.
In addition, when we deciphered the directions on the map,
he repeated them loudly so that Takahashi and his men could hear them
and they could follow us here.
It can't be.
Miss Kimiko, I'm very sorry.
My son invested in the stock market but he went broke
and now he has a very big debt to a Takahashi group company.
Mr. Takahashi told me that if I did what he told me to do, he would forgive the debt,
I would forgive him the debt, and I have.
I am ashamed.
Mr. Kikkawa...
- (Mr. Takahashi) What happened here? (Mr. Takahashi) -Huh?
This... this is not a treasure.
I don't understand what happened.
What a scam!
This is a letter that an ancestor of mine was supposed to write.
Read it, please.
"I had the honor to study with master Yoshida Shou
and I learned that there is a great treasure
that will never lose its value, no matter how much the world changes.
The master explained to me that the goals we have in life are the beginning of all things.
are the beginning of all things,
that having a goal in life
is what makes us do anything.
According to what the teacher told us,
those of us students who have the ideal of making a better country
we will see how this ideal will make changes in the real world.
And, above all, he told us....
that no matter how much the winds may sometimes blow against us,
the greater force will be our ideal,
that we can change the people
and give them the capacity to change the country.
Through this text I want to communicate
with the generations of the future.
You talk a lot about change.
Of course, the word "buy" also means "change".
The word "buy" also means "change".
The treasure was not to buy a country.
"Whoever is not able to solve my riddles
does not deserve to inherit the words of my ancestor."
No way!
Hisamichi Takahashi.
What is the value of your ideals?
I ask you what is the value of your ideals.
Your goals are only to buy things with money.
But the things that can only be bought with money,
what value do they really have?
Their value disappears very soon,
along with the money that has been used to buy them.
Let's see if this is clear to you.
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo,
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.

Hitori ni wa nareteita no ni.
Hajimari ga areba owari ga
kurutte wakatteita no ni,
koboreta ochiba Noue.
Anata no ay ga...
Nagarete hanarete saki Chitti to shitemo.
Subete no mono ni wa Minna imi ga aru kara.
Anata wo aiseta koto ga watashi no,
tsubasa ni natteiku niega and go your own way.
(Mitsuhiko) This is the Shoka village school.
The great people who brought about the Meiji Restoration
studied here as children.

(Ai) Confessed? Yes.
In Hisamichi Takahashi kidnapped you and the other two.
But the good thing about the case is that Kimiko now denies
that she was kidnapped.
What a chard she is!
And too bad that man tore the envelope.
Ah.
You mean because of the seal?
The seal that was affixed to that very old letter
had a printing defect:
the characters were written upside down.
Apparently,
collectors would now pay tens of millions of yen.
Kimiko, let's see if you can answer me:
How many stamps do you have to use to send a letter to the future?
That stamp was the answer to her riddle.
Thanks to the stamp,
the descendants who found the letter would have the money
to carry out any great project they had.
Aagh!
I'll manage to glue it on and not be noticed.
As I tell myself Kogoro that I will glue this stamp.
Let's see, what's the value of your target?
Ha-ha!
Ah!
These have looked for a safer place so that they would know
that I was searching the house from top to bottom.
This gives me a very bad feeling.
Don't think you can fool me, me.
You... you are the culprit.
Don't miss the next episode!
"An accusing red wine".

