(howling)
What's wrong, Conan?
You mean you're not worse?
(hoarse) No, no.
(Coughs)
I took Dr. Agasa's cold medicine earlier.
But you have a very strange voice.
You mean we shouldn't go home so you can recover better?
Don't worry, it will pass.
It will pass.
Dr. Agasa has given you a fantastic medicine,
that cures everything.
-It'll pass right away. A medicine that cures everything?
Ep, don't tell me it's that Chinese liquor you brought...
the first time you came to see me at the detective agency.
If I remember correctly, it was called Baikaru, wasn't it?
No, no...
The medicine you gave him is much more effective than that liquor.
Isn't it, kid? (Coughs)
I'm very anxious to know who the person we're going to see is.
"In the letter it said that you wanted to talk to Shinichi."
Won't you be disappointed if Shinichi doesn't come?
Yes ?!
Do you want to see Shinichi? Yes.
It looks like he found out that Shinichi had made a mistake
investigating a murder he solved about a year ago.
That's why you want to talk to him now.
And that's why we've decided that, in order to make up for the mistake he made,
we will reopen the investigation of that case,
to see what else we can find out and to clarify what happened.
I also contacted Shinichi to let him know,
so it is possible that he will also show up.
(Thinking) "Maybe he will come, Shinichi?"
What I don't quite understand
is why he had to send the letter to you, this man.
Man, he sent it to me because I'm Shinichi's best friend.
(Thinking) "Even if he had tried to contact me by mail or phone, I don't live here either.
by mail or by phone, I don't live in the same place either."
"He must have gotten impatient and sent the letter to Heiji Hattori,
that we studied at the same high school and are in the same profession."
"What I don't see clearly is that about the mistake."
"If I remember correctly, the letter was sent by..."
(Heiji) "It's a letter from a Makoto Okuda,"
who lives in a town outside of Okuho,
a town called East Okuho.
You know who he is, don't you? (Shinichi voice) Yes.
He must be that young guy who was helping us out
when we were investigating a murder case in that town.
"Gee, what a cold!"
I'll take the letter he sent to you, so I can tell you about it,
which is inside the envelope that came to me,
so you can read it properly.
"This about your mistake must be your imaginations,
but I'm sure it will do you good to get out a bit to cure this cold."
(Think) "I remember that case of the murder of East Okuho,
but did I make a mistake?"
"This is already more disturbing."
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"In Shinichi loses his memory
and is unable to solve the case with Heiji."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"Shinichi Kudo, the killer"
(Heiji) What?!
You don't know where he is?!
-Do you really mean it?! - Yes.
About half a year ago he was reported missing.
But Makoto had always wanted to go live in the city.
"For the people say that he left home,
that he found work in the city and stayed to live."
Can you tell me why you are looking for him, in Makoto Okuda?
Last week I received a letter from him.
It said he wanted to talk about a mistake Shinichi Kudo had made
when he solved a murder case here in your town.
What-what name did he say?

He asked me to come with Shinichi Kudo.
(All: exclamations of surprise)
(People: whispers)
-What's wrong with them? - (murmurs)
He was a liar!
They're friends of that liar, aren't they, you guys?!
-Who do you mean? -Let them be, son.
Look...
If you want to know more about that case, go to the police station in town.
We have nothing more to tell you here.
Who knows what a teenage detective was supposed to do!
Ran, have you heard anything else from Shinichi?
No.
Where is he at Conan?!
He said he wasn't expecting us, that he was on his way to the inn.
He must be worse than refredat.
Ah.
Well, I'm going to the hostel too.
I don't want him to have to be alone.
(He thinks) "He must have left
to avoid me rubbing his face in the mistake he made."
(Man) "Dear Shinichi Kudo,
I have found evidence to prove
that you made a mistake in the investigation.
I propose that we talk you and I, alone,
so that you can save your reputation as a detective.
We could meet at the cabin where we first met.
Sincerely, Makoto Okuda.
(Door: call)
Hello... Is anyone there?
(Thinks) "The doctor's medicine isn't getting rid of my cold."
("Walkie-talkie": interference)
(Man) "You're Shinichi Kudo, aren't you?"
"He's changed his voice."
(Conan voice) Who is it?
"They've locked the door."
Hey, wait!
"What a sore throat! The cold is making me voiceless."
"The window."
"And the other door too."
"I have to find a way out."
"This thing that's happening to me, could it be...?"
Doctor Agasa, haven't you seen the bottle of medicine I had in the drawer?
You mean the cold medicine?
It may have said it was for colds,
but there was that substance I created.
-What?! - What did he do?
-I guess he didn't take it! -Ah... No, no, and now!
"Oysters! I've got to get out of here anyhow."
What the ?!
It was the antidote to the apotoxin 4-8-6-9?
That's right.
I created him to give it to her without her knowing about it
the next time he slept over.
It was the miracle substance
that could make the child's body that he has now
transform back into his teenage body.
He must locate it right now!
"He can't regain his original state in front of everyone!"
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Kazuha) How can that be?
Hasn't he arrived at the inn, Conan?
No, a man from the village told me...
that earlier he saw a boy with glasses going off alone into the forest.
That's easy enough, then.
Why don't you do a trick on his cell phone?
No trick.
Here there is no coverage at all.
(He thinks) "What the hell is he doing now?"
And, on top of that, with this cold he has!
Always the same, what a drag!
Excuse me, eh, Mr. agent?
We'll go later, at the crime scene.
I'll see you later.
We'll see you later.
Conan!
(Kazuha) Where are you?!
Come out, Conan!
"It could also be that in the letter it said
that he was going to meet someone somewhere we don't know!"
-Did you hear what they say? -What?
That a naked man is seen to have appeared in the lake.
Yes, I've already heard.
My mother just went to bring him a blanket.
Hey, hey, hey!
You don't know if it's a little boy?
No.
He's a young boy who's still in high school.
What...?! Are you sure?
Look, it's him!
The one with the blanket on him.
Oh!
Shinichi... Shinichi!
But... How can you be Shinichi?!
Shinichi...
That's my name, me?
Shinichi?
Shinichi!
Come on, don't play dumb!
You know perfectly well that you're the detective from the east, Shinichi Kudo.
And don't think you're making us laugh, talking like this.
Detective? Mm?
-Maybe Shinichi has... -...-...lost his memory?
The truth is, I have no idea who I am and I don't know where I am either.
"Shinichi..."
Uh, you mean this guy isn't Shinichi Kudo?
If it is him, we shouldn't have saved him.
Watch what you say!
(Hoarse) Hey, can you leave me something to wear?
It looks like I've been found quite naked.

Yes, indeed.
I have some of my clothes at the hostel.
Another one who is quite hoarse from a cold.
He's right.
Just like in Conan.
It's true!
We have to go to look at Conan, hurry!
No, I think it's no longer necessary for us to...
What?
No, no, that... that... that-that... that you told me that...
What?!
That he took a train and went back home?!
He came back alone?! Ah... Yes.
It's just that I didn't remember,
he told me about it before we entered the town hall.
He told me he was going home because he didn't want his cold to get worse.
How could he have gone home knowing that he would be alone!
Yes, I think he said he would spend the night at Dr. Agasa's house.
-Yes, that's what he said. What's the matter with you?
Why are you talking like that?
I-I already told you that I didn't remember to tell you this.
Anyway, there's no cover here either.
If you want to know where to stop, that little boy,
we'll have to go back to the hostel, where there's a landline.
And we'll take the other detective with us,
who, as far as I can see, doesn't remember anything either.
This one stays like that forever, he can't recover.
I'm sure he's met the thing in the woods.
-What?
What do they say? -He'll never recover from the shock.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't go yet!
What's that thing they call the forest?
(Kazuha) Oh, no!
How well you look, Heiji's clothes!
Isn't it, Ran?
(Kazuha) Huh?
Where's Ran?
The Ran is more concerned about the boy with the glasses,
than she is about our young detective who's lost his memory.
What's she saying?!
That he made a mistake with the medicine?!
Ah...
(Don't tell me that you have given him the substance...
"...that created the Ai Haibara!"
(Agasa) Just the wood.
It is the antidote of the apotoxin 4869 that made the body shrink.
In other words,
it's a substance that will make you regain the body you had before.
I have mistaken it for a cold medicine,
and I gave it to him without realizing it.
"Well, he's done well, this time!"
Oh, by the way, is it true that Shinichi has lost his memory?
"Yes, he doesn't remember anything at all."
"Anyway, I think it's the best thing that could happen to him now."
If he has to stay with this body from now on,
maybe it's not good for him to remember everything that happened.
Don't be an ass!
This antidote was a test.
Perhaps there may be a margin of error,
but at most the effect will last 24 hours.
"24 hours?!"
You have to see to it that he recovers his memory first.
If not, we're in trouble.
Why?
It's only the memory.
It's okay if he gets it back gradually.
"Let's wake up!"
Don't you think it's too suspicious
that they both lost their memories at the same time?
Everyone will see that it's the same person.
- "Especially her." - Yes, yes, it's true.
If this happens, I'm convinced she'll figure it all out.
"She'll know who gave him the drug that made him shrink and why."
"And if she does find out everything,
it's not at all clear to me that she'll be able to come to grips with reality and digest it."
I think the best thing we can do
to try to prevent Ran from having to go through this whole ordeal,
is for you to take me here before it gets too small again.
Do you see yourself with a heart?
"Then I'll take care of everything."
I'll take care of everything later.
You can count on me.
Can I know what you're doing?
What do you mean, quietly?
Pass me the phone, come on! Sorry, they hung up.
What?!
I have been told that he has taken a medicine
and that he has fallen asleep, that it is not necessary that we suffer, that he is better.
Ah, perfect.
That's great. (Trona)
And now what we have to do is to have dinner and go to sleep right away,
tomorrow early in the morning we go back to Beika.
What?
Didn't we stay here for two or three days?
There has been a change of plans.
The sooner we get Shinichi to the hospital, the better.
I have an idea!
What if we take Shinichi to the crime scene?!
Maybe this way he'll remember something!
Don't talk nonsense.
Can't you see that...?
(Thinks) "Shut up, he might be right."
(Trona)
God-hay-do, what a mess in here.
Yes, the whole house is a mess.

We have left it that way since the day of the events.
-He asked expressly. Who is he?
That night he was at the home of some relatives
and was saved from that unpleasant incident.
He is a boy named Daiki.
Look at him!
It's the boy we found at the town hall!
(Kazuha) So, the two next to him must be....
(Police) Yes, his parents both died that night.
He was Mr. Takinori Hinohara, then mayor of the town,
and she was his wife, Mrs. Shoko.
Mr. Hinohara was a very cheerful and enthusiastic person.
"The townspeople were very, very fond of him."
"He served as mayor for 20 long years."
That's why this incident, which happened a year ago,
has left all the people of the town so touched.
And all this is a consequence of that night?
-The black footprints, too? -Yes.
It's Mr. Hinohara's blood.
The murderer stabbed him in the middle of the scale,
followed him and must have circled around for a while for this room.
That's why all these prints were left.
It would be terrible.
But these footprints...
I don't see them stopping there, all the way to the terrace.
It's very nice, this terrace, and it's very big.
And the footprints... they go back into the house.
Mm?
Right, I get it.
The mayor of the town must have been forced to jump from here.
Did you find the murder weapon or did you miss anything?
The murder weapon, the knife, we didn't find it in the house,
but we do know that jewelry and antiques were taken.
The only thing we found are these bloody footprints,
"And they're the same prints that were
"Coming out the back door, on a paved area,
and coming back into the house."
And you're absolutely sure that there were only these footprints?
Yes.
It had been raining until the day before the events,
and the ground was all muddy.
So the thief, who we know was armed,
after killing Mr. Hinohara, took all the jewels..,
left the house and fled by car.
And who said that Shinichi Kudo was the murderer?
Don't tell me you put the blame on an innocent person?
one of the villagers?
No, actually...
(Trona)
(Woman) Double suicide.
Shinichi Kudo came to the conclusion that it was...
a forced double suicide committed by Mr. Hinohara.
A forced double suicide?!
By the way, can you tell us who you are?
Makoto's classmate,
the boy who lived here since his parents died.
This is him, who is also in the family photo,
behind the mayor.
P-excuse me, but... don't you mean Makoto Okuda?
Yes, of course I do.
In Makoto Okuda is the one who discovered the corpses
and what was the first suspect.
"But the day of the murders was in a hotel in town
because the next day he had a university entrance exam."
That's why they immediately ruled him out.
The most important thing for us is to know where Makoto is now.
He sent me the letter asking us to come with Shinichi Kudo,
because he had discovered that he had made a mistake in the investigation,
and now you don't know where he is?
-No one is saying that they don't know where he IS.
But I think it's more likely... that he was murdered.
-Murdered?! - Why do you say that?
People say that Makoto found a job in the city and stayed,
but since this family had adopted her,
she surely inherited a fortune.
And what do you mean, that someone wanted to steal her fortune and that she...?
Yes.
It is unthinkable that Makoto
has been half a year without contacting anyone.
Besides, I'm sure that the one who killed him is that thing... from the forest.
The thing from the forest?
So, who sent me the letter on behalf of en Makoto, and why?
And what's the mistake Shinichi made?
(Woman) He said that the cause of the double suicide was that the mayor,
Mr. Hinohara, was desperate...
because his doctor had told him he had cancer.
The trouble started
when he went public with the truth in Kudo about a year ago.
Who are you?
I'm Misato Kawauchi, a reporter for the Toht newspaper.
Forgive me, but I came in because I found the door open.

And... exactly what was the problem?
After a few days,
a nurse at the hospital made a confession to me.
She told me that it was true that I had cancer,
but... that the tumor was benign...
and that Mr. Hinohara was very happy when he found out.
But this means...!
Shinichi!
Tell us the truth!
What does it all mean?!
Shinichi! I...I don't know anything.
I really don't know anything.
I don't understand anything that's going on.
Shinichi...
(Continues thundering)
I do understand.
Now it's clear to me.
I finally understand why the villagers don't even want to see this detective.
Of course they don't.
Because they consider him the monster
who tarnished the honor of the mayor that everyone held in such high esteem.
But it's even worse.
If what they say is true, the murderer must still be at large.
According to the rumor that runs through the town,
the murderer of Mr. and Mrs. Hinohara is that thing in the forest.
Let's see, I keep hearing about this thing in the forest.
Can someone explain to me what it's all about?
It's a legend that's been going on for generations.
-What?! - A-a legend?!
I remember being told about it when I was a kid.
They said never to look into his eyes.
(Trona)
That, if you don't look away, the curse would fall on you...
and they make you prey to Death.
That makes you prey to Death?!
What's wrong with you, Ran? I don't know...
I've noticed a very strange feeling.
(Throne)
(Deep breaths)
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!

