"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"In Shinichi loses his memory and can't solve the case with Heiji."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's...
Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

(Mouri) Bah!
This is just a legend!
It's true, it's just a legend.
They say that Death is a local goddess
who protects the territory from those who dare to disturb it.
These are typical legends of rural areas.
But in this case 9 years ago it ceased to be a legend
when, in the lake...,
a dead girl appeared.
Ah!
Dead?!
So, is it true that... that there is something in the forest?
(Woman) Yes.
The whole village went out to look for the girl,
who had not returned from the forest,
and on the third day of the search, when the sun went down..,
the rumor spread among the exhausted villagers..,
that Death, the guardian of the forest, had become very angry...
and had punished the girl for disobeying an age-old rule..:
The one that forbids entering the forest at night.
The girl's father, who had heard the rumor, paid no heed to those who told him,
paid no attention to those who tried to prevent him and, at dusk,
he went into the forest to look for his daughter,
but he never returned.
"At the end of two days,
"The townspeople found the lifeless body of the young woman in the lake."
"She had fallen in and drowned."
If I remember correctly... the girl's name was Tamako Okuda.
-Ha-said Okuda? -Yes.
She was the younger sister of Makoto Okuda,
the one who sent them the letter.
So, the man who went into the forest to look for the missing girl, he was....
Yes, it was Makoto's father.
Nothing was ever heard of him again.
Maybe Makoto's father was also taken from Death.
Anyway, I think it's highly implausible...
that an imaginary being committed all these crimes.
Yeah, I-I, at first, I didn't believe it either, until....
until I saw it in person!
"The sun was setting and I saw a monster with white hair....
perched high up in a tree."
"He smiled at me and I saw his teeth!"
Is-this-is this true?
And it can't be that you saw an ape, up in the tree?
What I saw was not an ape.
A man from the town hall saw it last week.
What I don't quite understand
is what motive could this monster you're talking about have?
for wanting to kill the mayor and his wife.
-Did they also enter the forest at night? -The town's new urban plan.
The mayor, Mr. Hinohara,
wanted to build a huge resort in this forest.
Of course, I understand.
This could also be a good reason to anger Death.
That's right.
And the development plan fell through.
Actually, the town's hero, Mr. Hinohara,
all he wanted to do was to stop the continued exodus from the village,
which was running out of inhabitants.
-L'heroi, he said? -You are not aware of this?
As a young man, Mr. Hinohara had been a very famous athlete.
He had even represented Japan in the Olympic Games.
Wow!
Now I don't quite remember what event he did.
But if you want, you can go upstairs to his room on the second floor.
God-hay-do!
With so many medals, she must have participated in many competitions.
Yes, but here it's not clear in what.
(Thinking) "Mm? How come there are only the medals?"
"Why should he take out the ribbons?"
Look!
A statue of the god Nio.
Let's see?
Gee, you, how heavy!
And it looks very well finished, look at the details.

Yes, but how come there is only one?
What?
The Nio gods are a couple of muscular guardians of
the Buddhist temples.
This is Ungyo, the one with the closed mouth,
but there should be the statue of Agyo, the one with the open mouth.
We know that the night of the events
took the opportunity to steal some objects.
The statue of Agyo disappeared
along with Mrs. Hinohara's jewelry.
This means that the statue was stolen by the murderer.
-Are these statues expensive? -Yes.
They are the masterpieces of a very famous carver from the Edo period.
They are currently worth about 5 million yen.
-5 million yen?! - What do you mean?
It seems impossible!
How come they only took one?
Both together must be worth much more money.
Of course.
In fact, this is also one of the details...
that caught the attention of Shinichi Kudo
when he was around here investigating.
I don't know if you remember.
Hey, Shinichi, what are you saying?
You still haven't remembered anything?
Hey, Shinichi!
(Kazuha) Ran! What's up?
Where are you? Here!
Come see this room.
You'll be surprised.
(Kazuha) Mm?
Yes it is... a picture of Shinichi!
It's the photo from the first time Shinichi was interviewed
for a news report.
What a memory! Well, they've made a nice enlargement!
-Carai!
It's huge, this photo! -Oh!
All the cases that Shinichi solved are archived here.
-Whose room was it, this one? -It was Makoto's.
Actually, in Makoto Okuda he worshiped,
detective Shinichi Kudo.
Upon learning that his idol was coming to town to investigate the case,
he was overjoyed.
He was absolutely convinced that he would solve it.
But when he came to the conclusion
that the mayor had induced a double suicide....,
Makoto was very disappointed.
"He had already lost his mother as a child to an illness,
"and he thought he would be alone forever,
"But Mr. Hinohara adopted him and took him in...
as if he were his own son."
"He had explained to me that Mr. and Mrs. Hinohara,
"and their son, in Daiki, were all very nice..,
and that he hadn't been as happy as when he lived with them."
Actually, I find it so hard to believe....
that the mayor could hurt his wife....
I have repeated to myself a lot of times
that I had to make an effort to accept it,
knowing that in Makoto I thought you were a very respectable detective.
Maybe so, but the conclusion he drew from the case?
this very respectable detective has nothing to do with reality.
To begin with, he was already wrong when he claimed that the doctor...
had told the mayor that he had cancer,
and that desperation drove him to induce the double suicide.
That's right.
I know that Makoto tried to contact you by letter,
called you on the phone many times,
but there was no way.
And he went to see you to ask you to reopen the case,
but he couldn't find you.
(He thinks) "Normal: he had shrunk and no longer lived in the same place."
And now you show up here and, on top of that, you have amnesia ?!
Are you kidding us?!
I want to be alone.
Can you leave me alone in this room for a while, please?
Maybe that's the way I'll remember something.
All right, fine.
You can stay a while.
There's no hurry.
Let's see if you can remember.
What's that?
Well, if I understand correctly, Mr. Shiroyama,
this means that in Daiki, the mayor's son,
is in your house now?
Yes, like in Makoto until 6 months ago.
By the way, I've been walking around for a while now:
how come he continued to call himself Okuda?
When he adopted the Hinohara family,
shouldn't he have changed his name to Makoto Hinohara?
Yes.
As a matter of fact, the registry records Hinohara.
But it seemed to him that it was a lot of nerve
to use the mayor's surname.
That's why he liked to use the old name, Okuda.
-Ah!
Shinichi has just left the house.
What?
Did you remember something?
Oh.
Come on, don't make that face!
Sooner or later you'll get your memory back, you'll see.
I wasn't sure what maneuver you'd come up with,
but I see you haven't come up with anything interesting yet.
-Maneuver? -Yes.

Do you think I don't know that at some doors some head?
What does this look mean?
What do you think?
That I have not noticed?
I'm not like the others, you won't fool me so easily.
If you decide to stop this comedy and confess everything,
come and see me at the Kotoh Inn, where I'm staying.
Think that if you confess all,
I will publish an article as it is in my diary...
of this truth that you are trying to hide,
and of all the facts that right now you can't tell anyone.
And, above all, they don't explain anything to anyone.
(Think) "This truth that you are trying to hide..."
She wasn't very nice, this journalist.
Why did she say she's wearing one on her head, Shinichi?
At the moment, what we know is that...
it's clear that she made a mistake when she investigated this case.
It was an armed robbery, not a forced double suicide.
That's leaving aside
that you were also wrong about the motive for the murder.
We also know something else: that inside these woods...
still hides a creature that no one has been able to identify.
Hey, Kazuha.
What?
Suppose..., it's a guess. What?
Say.
Imagine that the person you love
and you've been looking forward to seeing for a long time, finally shows up,
but it turns out that he/she doesn't remember anything.
How do you think you would react?
Well, I suppose that...
I'd be all over the place and I'd start crying.
I'd be very happy to see him, but...
I'd also be sad to know that I'd forgotten all about it,
it would be very hard to digest.
And if you don't feel all these emotions,
it means that deep down maybe you're not in love,
that you only consider him as a friend.
I thought so too.
No, wait!
All these things I told you were my own!
Yeah, but I don't feel anything right now.
The only thing I feel is that... Shinichi is very distant.
But that's normal.
When he gets his memory back, everything will go back to the way it was before.
Of course...
(Thinking) "I don't quite understand what's gotten into me."
(Thinking) "I don't understand what's got me." -Goodness!
Now it's raining? - I don't like this at all.
Let's run to the inn, come on!
(Kazuha) Come on, hurry up!
- (birds: chirping) - (Kazuha) What?!
-Isn't it in the room, Shinichi? -No.
When I woke up I saw that he was no longer in his bed.
And where is it? (Mouri) Hey!
I just asked these people here,
and they saw her going into the Hinohara's house first thing in the morning.
Maybe this means that Shinichi has regained his memory!
Hey!
Shinichi!
These are Shinichi's slippers,
and those are women's shoes.
Are you here, Shinichi?
Ah, you're here!
What, you've regained your memory?
That's why you came here, right?
Hey, Shinichi...
But... but this is... but this is blood!
You're losing a lot of blood!
Shinichi!
Hey, Shinichi!
Tell me what happened! I-I don't know.
I-I blanked out.
And when I reacted, it was here.
Did I... did I do it, this?
Did I... did I... did I stab her?
She's still alive, though she's breathing!
Mi-te, it's true that it's here, our detective... Eh?!
But it's that journalist!
What-what-what happened?!
S-she's losing a lot of blood!
I'll tell you!
Call an ambulance and the police, hurry!
No, no, we'd better just call the ambulance!
But why?
What-what happened?
Someone attacked her, right?
It's hard for you, eh?!
If the police arrive and see what's going on,
they'll say that Shinichi is the culprit!
-You're right. -Don't-don't tell me that you've...?
What are you saying?!
Shinichi wouldn't be able to do something like that!
He's been set up.
They've left everything so that it looks like he's done it in Shinichi.
We know perfectly well that there are a lot of people in the village who hate her.
(He thinks) "Besides, if they're going to take him to the police station,
"Even if he's innocent,
they'll be questioning him for hours and hours."
"And if the antidote wears off and he shrinks back,
it will be a catastrophe."
Go, Kazuha, call the ambulance!
And you, Kogoro, go get the car and hide in Shinichi!
-Right now there's a call! -All right...
- (ambulance: siren) -Oh!

It's an ambulance siren!
-And also the POLICE. -Huh?
They're getting closer. (Heiji) Who must have warned them?
(Man) Ah, I get it!
You didn't just see clearly a murder case
that happened here a year ago and was already closed.
Yesterday you came to take a look at the crime scene,
but today you decided to come back
and met Mrs. Misato Kawauchi,
the journalist from the "Toht" newspaper,
lying on the floor with a stab wound in her stomach.
-Right, detective Kogoro Mouri? -Yes, yes..., of course.
Very good.
And when you arrived, are you sure there was no one else here,
apart from the victim?
-Yes, so-and-so.
No? MM-hm.
Aa, luckily, we have the murder weapon.
Besides, it won't be too hard to find the culprit.
All we have to do is analyze all these prints.
Aren't they ours?
Yes, but maybe there are those of the culprit.
(Kazuha) Ah...
And how will you differentiate the footprints?
The area around the house is all muddy from tonight's rain,
and all the footprints are marked.
Before entering, we have located those of the victim
and those of the aggressor.
Very well observed, but the ones outside could also be ours.
No, you came here in the daytime,
when the sun had already risen and the soil had dried.
Therefore, your footprints are shallower.
Besides, we have compared them with the shoes at the entrance.
What is strange to me is that outside we found traces of the aggressor,
who arrived here at dawn, when the earth was still damp,
but we also found more recent ones,
when everything was drier, coming out the back door.
From the footprints we also know that 4 people came here.
On the other hand, when we arrived here there were only 3,
if there is not someone who has hidden.
In addition, the footprints of the missing person...
we also found them coming out of the back door.
How will you manage to solve this mystery, Mr. Sleeping Kogoro?
The truth is... I need more time.
I know it's a bit awkward, Shinichi,
but you'll have to stay here.
At the very least, you'll have to hold on
until I find out who the real culprit is.
(Thinking) "According to the Haibara, the effect of the apotoxin antidote...
will last for about 24 hours."
"Be that as it may,
I have to solve the case before it gets dark again."
Hey, Heiji!
We can't tell any more lies! I think the same as Kazuha.
I think we should go to the police and tell them the truth.
to cooperate with the investigation.
(Thinking) "They see it too easy because they don't know anything."
Anyway, it looks bad, everything.
They have made it very clear to us
that the only people who entered the house today were the four of us, the victim
were the 4 of us, the victim, Mrs. Kawauchi,
and her detective friend.
The two of them were not accompanied by anyone.
-But you're sure of that? -Yes.
They have thoroughly investigated all around the house,
and they've confirmed that they've only found the footprints of 6 people.
Wow!
The shoes Shinichi was wearing were
the ones you bought for him earlier at the village store!
Even if we hide it, they'll find it sooner or later!
It's a trap.
Someone must have made them both come inside the house,
gave Shinichi something to put him to sleep.
"He's put on his clothes and stabbed Mrs. Kawauchi."
But then, they should also have found...
the footprints of that person you say, around the house.
I said they set Shinichi up to come here,
I didn't say I knew all the details.
Wait a minute!
The house must have been closed when they arrived.
How did the assailant manage to get in?
Neither Shinichi nor Mrs. Kawauchi had the key, right?
No one had the key.
When we came here last night, that officer opened the door for us,
Mr. Shiroyama.
That's right.
How come he had the key to the house, the agent?
I don't understand.
The key was given to me in Daiki.
And besides you, do you know if anyone else has the key to the house?
Mr. and Mrs. Hinohara's sets of keys...

They were also given to me after his death.
The other person who may have keys to the house is her adopted son,
in Makoto,
but since it's been so long since we've heard anything,
I don't think it's relevant either.
Come to think of it, when in Makoto went to the city?
to take the university entrance exam,
I remember that her passwords ended up
her classmate, Moegi Hikawa, kept them,
in case she had to go in for something.
If I remember correctly, the day of Makoto's entrance exam....
was the same day of the event, wasn't it?
That's right.
Therefore, this girl, the Moegi, could be considered a suspect.
Yes, if she says she had the key for a while,
she could have perfectly well made a copy.
Well, maybe she could also be responsible
for the events that happened a year ago,
the ones Shinichi investigated, when they say he made a mistake.
And it can't be that Shinichi was not mistaken?
I know that when they arrived they found the house upside down,
but it could also be that what Shinichi said had happened,
that Mr. Hinohara killed his wife...
and made it look like an armed robbery.
Impossible: when it all happened a year ago,
it had also rained and the ground was also all wet.
In the area around the house the only thing they found were the footprints of someone who had left the house.
were the footprints of someone who had gone out the back,
had gone to the road and had gone back into the house.
"The suspect was also around inside with the shoes."
"If Mr. Hinohara came out of the house," said Mr. Hinohara,
"He went all the way to the road and came back into the house...
"To pretend it had been an armed robbery,
the shoes should have appeared somewhere in the house, right?"
Y-yeah, right.
And if he had tried to throw the shoes to get rid of them,
the police would surely have found them by now.
"From the house to the lake is exactly.... 30 meters."
"There's no way he would have made it."
But... Shinichi must have made it, too,
all these conclusions.
Yes, that's why I've been tossing and turning all this last night,
and nothing, there's no way!
It's not like the attacker had the key and had been waiting for them inside,
if he hadn't found a way to get in and get out
without leaving traces,
we have to accept that it's impossible
that this crime was committed by someone else.
Yes, an impossible crime. (thinks) "An impossible crime..."
"A trap that's all a mystery."
"But... I'm sure Shinichi...
would find the solution."
Damn it, if Shinichi was his usual self,
we'd have solved this whole mystery together long ago.
Maybe what we'll have to do is go to the forest to see Death.
What?
Why do you say we have to go to see Death?
Because of what that man told us yesterday,
that once, after having seen Death in the forest,
he had lost his memory.
"And yesterday, before going to sleep,
"The landlady at the inn explained to Ran and me
what to do if someone is cursed by Death."
"She told us that, to get rid of the..."
...the thing to do is...
...go into the forest when it's still daylight.
And the moment you see Death,
you have to start screaming at the top of your lungs,
and then you have to keep on praying with a clean heart
until the curse is undone.
At least that's what the people call it,
but I have no record of anyone ever trying it.
Well, the owner of the inn told us that the reporter,
Mrs. Kawauchi, had done it.
-Mrs. Kawauchi? -Yes.
When she came here a year ago to interview people,
she came with her daughter,
and it turns out that one day the girl went into the forest
and was never heard from again.
Oh!
And Ran?
She is not here!
Where has she gone?
What?!
She might have believed the story of the curse
and went to the forest to look for Death?
(Thinking) "Death! Please, Death!"
"Return Shinichi to the way it was before!"
"I'm willing to give you my heart, if necessary,
but please... please put Shinichi back to the way it was before, please!"
"Please, Death, please!"
Aaah!
It's-it's there!
It's... Death!

Ah, wait!
Wait!
(Think) "Now I'm afraid of running out of voice!"
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
-Did y'all hear that scream?! -You heard it! - It sounded like the Ran's voice!
Yes, let's go look for her!
-Ran! -Ran!
Ran! -Say something!
-Ran! -Ran, where are you?!
(Thinking) "I can't do anything."
"My whole body hurts... I can't move."
"But how did it occur to me to go into the forest alone...
and fall like this?"
"How could I be such an idiot?"
"Please, Death...,
"please put Shinichi back... as he was before."
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
The walls are full of pictures and articles of young Kudo!
Wow!
My hand is bandaged.
Who could have done it?
It's his fingerprints.
The blood on the clothes, the prints on the gun...
He must be the culprit.
Oh...
Of course he is.
Because he is the culprit!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Shinichi's appearance and Ran's tears'."

