"I, Shinichi Kudo, solved a murder last year....
that had been committed in the town of East Okuho."
"Through Heiji Hattori a letter came to me
accusing me of having made a mistake in solving the case."
"We came to East Okuho
"To meet the person who had written to me, a certain Makoto Okuda,
who happened to have disappeared."
"And the townspeople were very resentful of Shinichi Kudo."
"I went alone to the hut where I had arranged to meet Makoto and..."
Is anyone there?
Ooh!
Aah!
(Think) "This thing that's happening to me, could it be...?"
He created to give it to her without her knowing it
the next time he slept over here.
It was the miraculous substance that could make the body he has now
transform back into his teenage body.
Shinichi?
Shinichi?!
Shinichi...
That's my name, me?
Shinichi?
-Maybe Shinichi has... -...-...lost his memory?
This antidote was a test.
Perhaps there may be a margin of error,
but at most the effect will last for 24 hours.
(Heiji) "24 hours?"
You have to see to it that he gets his memory back first.
If not, we'll be in trouble.
(Heiji) "Ah!
I have an idea!
What if we take Shinichi to the crime scene?!
Maybe this way he'll remember something!
In Shinichi Kudo came to the conclusion
that it was a forced double suicide that Mr. Hinohara committed.
And what is the mistake Shinichi made?
He said that the cause of that double suicide was that the mayor,
Mr. Hinohara, was in despair
because his doctor had told him he had cancer.
The trouble started
when he went public with the truth about a year ago in Kudo.
He told me it was true that he had cancer,
but that the tumor was benign and that Mr. Hinohara
was very happy when he found out.
But this means...!
Shinichi!
Tell us the truth!
What do you think?
That I haven't realized...
...of this truth that you're trying to hide,
and all these facts that you can't tell anyone right now.
I-I've done it myself, this?!
Did I... did I stab him?!
At the very least you'll have to hold out until I find out who the culprit is.
(Thinking) "Be that as it may, I've got to solve the case
before it gets dark again."
(Think) "An impossible crime,...
"A trap that's all a mystery,
but... I'm sure Shinichi, would find the solution."
Death!
Please!
Death!
Put Shinichi back to the way he was before!
Aaaah !!!!
It's... Death.
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"In Heiji will discover the incredible truth.
and the Ran won't be able to stop crying."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Forgive me.
Go on home.
Eh?
Un mome...!
Aah...
He'll catch you right away!
Shinichi!
He's gone.
Shinichi...
Shinichi's gone.
No.
Don't go away!
Shinichiiii !!!!
"Shinichi's appearance and Ran's tears."
Where am I?
Ouch!
Ah, yes.
"I ran into the forest to look for Death and tripped."
Oh, my!
My hand is bandaged.
Who could have done it?
(Door: creaks) Aah!
Ran, you're here!
Hey, I found the Ran!
It's about time! Kazuha!
-Oh, what a rest, be well! -What happened to you?
Did you get hurt?
Yes, I slipped down the slope and must have lost consciousness.

Someone has brought me here and healed my wounds.
It must have been the owner of this cabin.
We'll have to think about thanking him as soon as we get back.
(Heiji) "No. The owner of the hut is anything but a good person."
A transceiver!
-Heiji!
Where are you speaking from? - (Heiji) "I'm next door."
Come, come.
Mind-blowing, with it.
How do you want us to come, if the door is boarded up?
"Go outside and come back in through the window."
Oh, yeah, right.
Hm?
O... Come on!
What's all this?
The walls are full of photos and articles of young Kudo!
Well, yes, they are.
Whoever he is, this guy is totally obsessed with him.
-So much so, that he's flying to kill. -There's a knife stuck in the picture!
Ran!
You don't know who brought you here?
You were unconscious, weren't you?
Mm-hm.
I could only see Death in the middle of the forest.
-Huh?
You saw Death? -D-did you?
Well, apparently it's Death, the owner of this cabin.
How? Look.
A white polyester hair, the kind they wear in wigs.
The Death you met in the middle of the woods had white hair, right?
Mm-hm.
He didn't look like such a bad person to me.
But he was scary.
That's true.
After all, he did heal the Ran's wounds.
Maybe he's just pretending to be nice
to catch us off guard when he goes on the attack.
Well, that's good.
It's only clear to me that he's a dangerous individual.
Eh?
An empty ammo box, shards of broken mirrors...
There's five or six, broken mirrors.
And, to top it all off...
these ugly words engraved on the board:
"Failure is the prelude to death", it says.
E-ei!
This empty ammunition box means that....
Yes, yes.
It means that Death prowls the forest with a very dangerous weapon.
S-so, the person who stabbed the reporter...
and made it look like it was Shinichi is her, Death?
Probably.
She doesn't have much sympathy for him, to Kudo.
But... if so,
he should have warned Kudo and the victim and waited for them to hide.
And his footprints were nowhere in the house.
And that the ground around it was wet
because it had rained all night.
Maybe he hid somewhere in the house before it started to rain.
Come on!
In this case, he couldn't have gotten out of the house...
without leaving a lot of footprints all over the place.
Last night I had the surrounding area inspected
to try to clarify what happened a year ago and I found that..,
to get in and out of the house, you have to step on the ground.
Also, this morning, we searched everything from top to bottom?
before the ambulance and the police arrived;
we didn't find anyone.
Yes, my boy.
That's right.
That's right.
Who called the police and the ambulance?
What do you know?
Yes.
Both calls were made by a young man who seemed to have a cold.
-What did you say? -It could only have been in Kudo!
In fact, the person who called the inn...
where Mrs. Kawauchi was staying was also the man with a cold.
And he said his name was Shinichi Kudo.
And now!
In Kudo called the reporter
and after the assault he called the ambulance and the police?
Maybe it's a farce.
Maybe it just makes it look like he has lost his memory
because at the door some head.
-The journalist was also suspicious.
Last night he said something that caught my attention.
What does this look mean?
What do you think?
That I have not noticed?
Later, I went to see her at the hostel to ask her about it.
and she told me that Kudo's amnesia was faked
and that she was hiding something.
(Thinking) "I get it; she only said that to set a trap for him....
And try to get more information from en Kudo."
Be that as it may,
it's clear that the owner of this hut is dangerous.
-The POLICE should come. Y-yes.
The problem is, even if I know how to get out of the forest,
I don't know if I'll be able to find the cabin again.
Don't worry, we'll light the fire again...
and use the smoke to find our way.
The campfire? Yes.
Next to that stone that looks like a tombstone
are the embers of a fire, you see?
That's it, what was burning.

Maybe he was making lunch when we arrived and ran away in a hurry.
and ran away in a hurry.
Could it be that he escaped through the window
that's near the ceiling in the next room?
(Heiji) Ah, yes, the window.
You mean it's not too narrow for an adult to pass through?
(Heiji) "A child's footprints! In Kudo!"
(Heiji) "The letter he received was to quote here,
and when he showed up, they left it closed."
He was supposed to escape through that window.
But who locked him in here?
"The sender of the letter, in Makoto Okuda, disappeared 6 months ago."
But I think it's-most likely she was murdered.
"Is he alive, in Makoto Okuda? Or is he dead?"
"Stop, just a moment."
"Let's recap again from the beginning."
"The picture of Kudo with a dagger stuck in his forehead."
"Apparently, the culprit hates it. And the phrase on the table."
"Whatever he wants to do, he'll put his life on the line."
"And if she wanted to take revenge on Kudo?"
"In the next room there was an empty box of ammunition."
"It's very likely that he has a gun."
"But he's had plenty of opportunities to shoot him."
"Why hasn't he done it yet?"
"Mrs. Kawauchi was stabbed."
"Why would he want to use it, the gun?"
"And there's still another question: the broken mirrors."
"Why were there so many?"
"It can't be. What if it was...?"
Excuse me.
When you get to the station, you'll have to do me the favor of checking something.
(Inaudible)
Eh?
B-but how do you want me to do it, to check?
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure it will come out.
-Will it be enough? -I guess so.
Then we'll be able to see the smoke from anywhere
and it won't be necessary for us to go around the forest.
By the way, now that we're talking about going around,
what sport was Mayor Hinohara supposed to do?
It would be some form of athletics, I suppose.
What?
Yes, the owner of the inn explained it to us last night...
when we asked her about Death.
We also asked her what sport Mayor Hinohara was involved in,
and she didn't know what it was called, but something was spinning.
What was spinning?
A form of athletics that involves spinning?
It could be hammer or discus throwing.
Ah, yes!
He also said he played in the rings.
Hoops?
Mayor Hinohara's son in Daiki always tells everyone about it.
He says his father was a very good shot
and always hit 100 points.
The... the 100 points, he says?
(Police) Aaaah!!!
It's the voice of the police officer!
Hurry up!
(Police) Hey!
Are you all right?
What happened?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
The... the Death, I saw the Death.
It suddenly appeared in front of me, and then...
"Aaaaah !!!!"
I lost consciousness.
Eee... ei.
Look, the holster lid's open!
Eh?
Easy, easy.
The gun's in place.
But-but why the gun?
I mean, why did he buy the ammunition if he didn't have a gun?
I don't know. I haven't figured that out yet.
I haven't figured that out yet.
But I've got the case more or less solved.
We'll get back to the cabin later.
Tell the rest, we'll meet at Mayor Hinohara's house.
(Hinohara) The teenage detective from Osaka?
Heiji Hattori?
And you say you've solved the assault on Mrs. Kawauchi,
the reporter who was stabbed this morning
on this very stage?
Yes, I did.
That's right.
Ha!
Before we begin,
if you could, I'd like you to take the person...
who walked out the back door of the house
and left the mysterious footprints.
Oh, of course I can take her.
The footprints were this man's.
But... but it's in Kudo!
And this stain?
It looks like blood!
Wait a minute!
You're not implying that Kudo is the culprit, are you?
Of all the footprints that were in front of the house
we should exclude ours, because we were at the inn,
and those of the victim.
The only ones that remain are his footprints.
The blood on the clothes, the prints on the gun...
Whichever way you look at it, he must be the culprit.
Of course he is.
Because he is the culprit!
-What? -What?
What I mean is that no trap has been used.

to commit this crime.
-What? -He... Heiji!
What are you doing?
Is it some kind of strategy?
No, not at all.
This guy made Mrs. Kawauchi come and stabbed her.
Wait a minute!
This morning you should have put your hand in the fire for your friend.
You said it couldn't possibly have been him!
-I was frightened. -What?
That journalist announced to me that she would make public the mistake I made last year.
I made last year.
She threatened to destroy the honor
and the reputation I have earned so far with so much effort.
What?
I didn't know what she wanted to make public,
but I got scared and jumped the gun.
(Cries)
"Who is this?"
"No. This is not Shinichi."
"In Shinichi that I was waiting for, what fills my heart,
and what I miss so much."
(Thunder)
Aah...
How strong!
You were right, Kazuha.
What?
I can't... I can't stop crying.
Is it true that you're going to call Mrs. Kawauchi
and make her come here to stab her?
Yes.
It's true.
It was me.
And now!
I can't believe it.
Last year you made a brilliant deduction!
You figured out the trick right away and thanks to your help...
we were able to solve the case in no time.
What need did you have to do this?
-I've been overrated. -Huh?
I'm no god, me.
Some people hate me, and I'm wrong, too.
In fact, in the case I investigated last year...
I blamed Mayor Hinohara, and in the end it turned out he was innocent.
Aaaa... no.
You must not remember because you've lost your memory,
but we found evidence to prove it.
-Dispensin. -Huh?
I already have the test result.
-I've come to take it away. The test?
What this guy asked me to check.
What?
Whether or not the knife that was used as the murder weapon
did or did not match a small piece
of the protective amulet he left me.
What?
And what is the result?
They don't match, just as you thought.
Yes!
I knew my reasoning was correct!
You've had the protective amulet analyzed, you say?
I don't understand how it relates to the murder weapon.
And may I know what it is that doesn't match?
It is what heaven bestows on humans at birth,
the distinctive trait that everyone retains until death.
-Huh? -Oh!
As there is none like it,
when there is a criminal investigation
it is considered one of the most reliable pieces of evidence.
Fingerprints.
Yes.
Who... who are you?
-It's... -It's Death!
(Flux) Take a step forward.
(Laughs) Huh?
Mm-hm.
Look out!
It's no use.
Let it go.
It's no use dragging out the costume party.
-The costume party? -What do you mean...?
That's right.
The only trap behind this case is her face.
At no time did I think
that teenage detective Shinichi Kudo was the culprit.
The first thing that caught my attention
and made me suspicious was Ran's attitude.
When in Kudo appeared after so long waiting for him,
she was cold and distant.
It would be normal that she would not have wanted to leave him alone,
especially if he had lost his memory.
At first I thought she did it out of embarrassment,
but when we searched the culprit's cabin a while ago.
I found out why.
The... culprit's cabin?
Yes, on the wall there was a picture of Kudo with a dagger stuck in his forehead,
and scattered on the floor we found several broken mirrors.
A person who hates Kudo to the point of stabbing at the photo
can only have one motive for breaking more than one mirror.
He couldn't bear to look in the mirror
and see Kudo's face reflected in it.
What do you mean?
So, you mean...? Yes.
He had a cosmetic operation
to... have the same face
as this stupid teenage detective.
-Hmm? -Oh!
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,

Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!

