"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"In Heiji she will discover the whole truth,
and Ran won't be able to stop crying."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

-Hey!
You're...-They're a match!
But why precisely Kudo's face?
He made me go to the hut and shut me down
with the intention of committing some crime
once I had my appearance.
He wanted to eliminate Shinichi Kudo.
To wipe me off the map as a person and exclude me from society.
Wipe you off the map?
He made it look like he had amnesia
because he knew my friends would ask him questions
and he needed an excuse so he wouldn't have to answer.
So he also went into the lake naked and made a sniffling voice.
Even if he could copy my face, he couldn't imitate my voice.
And I couldn't foresee what clothes I would show up at the cabin in either.
(Coughs)
Excuse me, I also fell into the lake when I escaped from the hut....
and it seems to me that I must have caught a good cold.
So who called the ambulance and the police this morning?
It was me.
I saw him and Mrs. Kawauchi going into the house...
and I had a bad feeling.
How come you didn't go in to stop him from stabbing her?
Because I wouldn't have been able to stop him.
Last night, when he came out,
he had something hidden in his back
that I'm convinced was a gun.
There was nothing to be done.
On the board in the cabin was engraved the phrase.
"Failure is the prelude to death."
Yes.
If I had wanted to kill a specific person with the gun,
he might have been able to stop it,
but if he was willing to kill himself,
as soon as he realized he had failed,
no one would have been able to stop him in time.
That's why I emptied the magazine of Agent Shiroyama's gun and dropped the bullets in front of him.
and dropped the bullets in front of him,
to make him hesitate and buy him some time.
Because that's what I had planned from the very beginning
and he was about to do it when I showed up.
Isn't that right, Makoto Okuda?
Or should I call you Makoto Hinohara?
Ma... Makoto, you say?
Are you really Makoto?
Yes, I am.
This cosmetic surgery takes time and money.
In Makoto I had the inheritance money
and disappeared for six months.
That's how he did it.
If so, he must have hidden the gun...
in some corner of his room.
He figured we'd bring it into the house
to make him regain his memory.
Then he asked us to leave him alone
and he took the opportunity to take the gun.
I don't understand why.
What need did he have to stab a journalist?
He thought he had discovered her.
Yesterday he hinted at it.
What's the meaning of this look?
What do you think?
That I haven't noticed?
He thought he was referring to cosmetic surgery.
But there's something I don't understand.
This morning, when we all arrived at the house,
why didn't you confess that you had stabbed Mrs. Kawauchi?
If the idea was to frame Shinichi,
wouldn't that have been the quickest way?
I wanted to test you detectives.
I admit that I was intrigued to know what conclusions we would draw
from a case where all the evidence pointed to Kudo.
Well, it seems to me that they came out pretty well, in the end.
Ah, yes!
And what about last year's case?
They killed Mayor Hinohara and his wife
to steal their jewelry and money,
but the case was solved as a double forced suicide because of them!

What to say ?
In Kudo he was not wrong.
It was a double suicide.
What?!
They did not find the murder weapon.
And the jewelry and one of the statues of the Nio gods were missing!
It is evident that someone stole everything and fled!
-At the bottom of the lake. -What?
After killing his wife,
Mayor Hinohara stuffed the jewels and the murder weapon into a bag
which he sent to the bottom of the lake.
What nonsense!
The lake is almost thirty meters from the house, it's too far.
How could he have taken it to the lake without leaving fingerprints?
The medal ribbon and one of the links of the medal
and one of the links of the game.
The... the rings?
In Daiki, Mayor Hinohara's son, there was no hiding.
He liked to say that his father always scored a hundred points in the ring game.
in the ring game.
The score varies according to the area of the target:
you can score ten points, five or two.
To score a hundred points you have to throw ten rings,
but there were only nine.
In addition, only one of the statues of the Nio gods was missing.
If, apart from that, we take into account...
the fact that Mayor Hinohara had been a famous athlete...
we already have the answer.
Hammer throw.
He put in the gun, the shoes,
the jewelry and one of the statues into a bag
and tied it with the ribbon of a medal,
with the ring on the other end for a good catch.
She then sent the bag into the lake from the balcony
with the hammer-throwing technique.
Now I understand, he only took one of the statues,
because if he had put them both in the bag,
it would have been too heavy and wouldn't have made it into the lake.
No way.
The wind resistance would have prevented the bag from reaching....
You're wrong.
It did make it.
From the bottom of the lake, we pulled out the bag with the tape and the ring.
In the bag was the murder weapon with the mayor's wife's blood on it,
and on the handle, we found Mr. Hinohara's fingerprints.
There is no doubt that the mayor killed his wife and committed suicide.
No.
That's a lie.
Because he didn't want his son Daiki to find out the truth,
he made it look like an armed robbery.
That was a lie!
The mayor was a kind man and a great person.
He couldn't have killed his wife and then committed suicide!
Besides, he had a benign tumor.
It is a lie that he was desperate because he had cancer,
he had no motive!
After he was told he was sick,
he discovered something else that also affected him.
What was it?
The results of the blood test he was given
revealed that the mayor's blood group was AB.
Wait a minute!
It was my understanding that all the members of the Hinohara family
were group O.
Yes;
in fact, according to Mendel's laws,
groups AB and 0 cannot have a child of group 0.
And this means, in other words,
that Daiki is not the son of Mayor Hinohara.
De... really? Wow!
You're a liar!
Of course, if this was the motive for the crime, he didn't want people to know.
That's right.
That's why he decided to broadcast to the four winds that he had cancer.
But... but... why didn't anyone tell me?
He could have explained it to me!
I was part of the family!
-I told you everything.
-What?
In Kudo asked me.
It's very important that you don't tell anyone.
No one except Makoto, you must tell him.
When?
Where did he go, where did he tell me?
When the investigation was finished and in Kudo he left.
Here.
But... now that I think about it,
I guess the news about Mayor Hinohara's forced double suicide
of Mayor Hinohara
must have left you too shaken and you wouldn't even listen to me.
No... it can't be.
It can't be true!
How could I have done such a nonsense?
Operate to change my face?
What the hell happened to me?
A tragedy caused by an unfortunate chance.
When I saw myself crying inconsolably, I thought I would never forget that face,
I thought I would never forget that face.
It had to be engraved in my memory.
Wow!
So this Makoto was Death, was he?
Yes.
In fact, he was the second one to do it.
The second? The first to do it was his father.
To prevent the children of the village
from suffering the same misfortune as his daughter,
who got lost in the woods and died,
he built a hut and put on the disguise of Death.

That's how he scared people and prevented them from entering the forest.
Until he got sick and died three years ago.
Then the stone near the cabin...
Yes.
It's Makoto's father's grave.
And how did you find out about it, all this?
When I came to Okuho a year ago,
I happened to witness another incident.
Mrs. Kawauchi's daughter,
who had come to cover the news,
went into the forest and got lost.
Yes, the owner of the inn told us.
It seems that Mrs. Kawauchi was looking for her.
Yes, just before I went in to look for her,
the girl ran out of the forest alone.
She said that Death had found her and chased her.
She was very frightened and ran away
until, at last, she found the way out.
I wanted to solve this mystery before investigating the crime,
I went into the forest, found Death...
and followed her to the cabin where she lived.
That's how I found out it was in Makoto.
Right, and I'm guessing that the disguise you have...
is the one you found in the cabin in the forest.
Justa.
I came out of the lake with my clothes soaking wet, I had to change.
And I thought that it would be a good way to hide myself
because everyone would run away from me when they saw me.
I feel bad for poor Makoto.
Don't suffer.
Mrs. Kawauchi's injuries aren't as bad as they looked.
I'm sure she'll forgive him when she finds out what happened.
Last year Death saved her daughter,
and that's not easily forgotten.
Shinichi? Not feeling well, Kudo?
This is...
Shinichi, what's wrong? Wow!
It's starting!
"No, it can't be. It'll be 24 hours soon."
- "I have to get to Kudo anyhow."
-Hey, aren't you feeling well?
What hurts?
By the way, the inspector has asked us both to go to see her...
to ask us more details about the case.
Take the car and go through, we'll catch up with you.
No! What?
I want to come too!
It's just that I...
I also have a lot of things I want to ask you.
(Thinking) "Ran!"
Shinichi! Ku... Kudo!
Are you okay? I'm... so hot.
My goodness!
What a fever!
(Thinking) "Soon I'll be like before!"
"I'll be Conan again! I can't transform in front of her!"
Must be the cold.
Isn't it true that he said he fell into the lake water?
The cold must have gotten worse with the cold.
-I suppose it did, but... -Nobody gets like that from a cold.
What are you saying?
Ah, that you have to go to the bathroom urgently?
You should have said so before!
You know what?
I'll accompany Kudo to the inn so he can go to the toilet.
You'll take my bag, Kazuha?
And why do you want me to take it to you, the bag?
Because I have spare clothes.
In Kudo is soaked with sweat.
And you can't go all day in the Death costume, can you?
Come on, let's go.
Bring me the bag.
Twenty-four hours?
Are you kidding me? No.
That's what the girl who lives with the doctor told me.
"The effects of the antidote last about 24 hours."
"It's very important that you take me to Kudo before the time is up."
he said.
And it's almost over, isn't it?
Anyway, if you shrink again, hide in my bag.
What?
I'll make up some excuse
to get you out of here without arousing suspicion.
Trust me.
Entesos.
-Hey, Heiji!
-Kazuha!
What's all this mystery?
You can't come in here!
It's the men's room!
I know, but we're worried about it in Kudo.
We asked the village doctor to come.
Don't worry, don't worry.
I've given him some cold medicine.
And what medicine is it?
What is it?
It's a lifelong secret family remedy.
(thinks) "What a rage!"
"It's always the same. It's always the same!"
"Soon I'll be Conan again and I won't have been able to tell him anything."
"Will I have to start all over again from the beginning?"
Aaah!
Aaah!
Aaah!
"Wow... Conan's back."
Shinichi, what happened? You can't go in.
Shinichi!
Hey, Shinichi!
"I have to hurry to hide in the bag."
Shinichi, you feel me? Leave him alone.
"The Ran will find out who I am..."
Shinichi!
(Blows)

Shinichi! (Blows)
"What now?"
"The sink next door?" (Knocks)
"Who could it be?" Shinichi!
Say something to me!
Do me a favor!
I'm telling you it's okay!
Yeah man, how do you want it to be okay?
He was screaming like an animal.
Get out of my way, will you? Let me through, Heiji.
I can't let you pass, Heiji.
I can't.
No way, no way.
Stop it.
I said no!
It can't happen!
(Thinking) "Idiot!"
Ku... Kudo!
Shinichi.
What's all the fuss?
I can't even go to the bathroom in peace anymore.
How are you feeling?
Better?
I heard so much!
Better, now that I've taken out everything I had to take out.
Yes, it even seems that your fever has gone down.
It has, hasn't it? What a break!
You made me suffer a lot.
Well, come on, let's go home? What?
Weren't you supposed to go talk to the inspector...
to explain more details about the case?
Never mind, we'll see him another day.
That's it.
You'd better go to the hospital just in case.
Yes, Esclar.
Som to him, home.
Doctor, I'm sorry I made you come expressly.
(Doctor) Don't worry about it.
Kudo, what the hell happened?
Not now, I'll tell you later.
Hey! (Doctor)
Later?
(Doctor) When?
Kudo!
Looks like we turned out pretty well in the end.
And you seem to have recovered your memory too.
Yes.
What a rest.
It's a good thing you remembered the name of the inn where you were staying.
And luckily it occurred to us that, if he felt cornered,
he would come to hide in the hostel's washroom.
Haibara, what are you doing here?
How did you find me?
XXT!
I don't have time to explain.
Here, take this right away.
Don't tell me it's...
Well yes, it is the prototype of the antidote of apotoxin 4869,
the poison that made your body shrink.
It's the same medicine you took yesterday.
I'll have 24 more hours? Don't be an ass!
What?
If you abuse a drug, whatever it is, the effectiveness decreases.
Your body builds up a resistance against the active ingredient
and the more often you take it, the less the effects will last.
If you don't want anyone to know who you are,
you need to be alone when the antidote wears off
and you go back to being Conan Edogawa.
Di.
Soc all ears.
What did you want to ask me?
Uh... nothing.
I just wanted to thank you for healing me.
It was you, wasn't it?
Uh... yes.
Good thing there was a first aid kit in the cabin.
You didn't look, did you? What?
Well... Did you look when...
Uh, yes, while I was bandaging your thigh...
I saw a little piece of white cloth.
I knew it!
What a face! What are you saying?!
I didn't look expressly, I saw it by accident while I was bandaging you.
Forgive me for having shown you what you didn't want to see.
It looks like a lie! What a mug.
About it, Ran... Shall I change your place?
So you can talk quietly, can't you?
Don't suffer, Kazuha.
Stay where you are.
(Think) "When we get there, I'll feel that scoundrel."
(Thinks) "You rascal..."
(Thinks) "No. That's not what I wanted."
"What I wanted to ask Shinichi was something else."
"What I wanted him to assure me was whether..."
Look!
But it's the Ran! Eh?
Inspector Sato, Inspector Takagi!
Where did you come from?
I had to go to Kanagawa Police Station.
And now my driver's doing me the favor of taking me home.
-As your driver? -Where are you going?
I had a case to solve, in Sleeping Kogoro?
-Yes, indeed. Very well.
We're in a hurry!
We'll talk about the case next time!
Hm... Or not...
A case like this will be in all the newspapers, it won't be necessary to explain it.
In fact, I don't think that the newspapers will echo.
Mm?
In the end no one died, and the culprit is a minor.
I doubt they will publish the name and photo.
The journalist who was stabbed
has already said that her paper won't publish it.
Hm.
(Think) "You got lucky, Kudo."
Eh?
What's wrong with that car?
It's driving so close to the shoulder that it's scraping the fence.
It looks like he's asleep at the wheel!
If he doesn't stop, he'll cause an accident.
(Horn: insistent honking)
Hey!
Wake up!

Hey, don't sit down?
Hey, this doesn't look good, go ahead and try to stop it!
How?
Putting me in front of him, you mean?
Now slow down gradually.
And a radish!
It's a rental car, how did you...?
Listen to me, hurry up!
Gunpei, what have you got?
Gunpei!
Just a moment!
Don't touch it! Move aside, please!
Where did you two come from?
He's dead.
He's not breathing, is he?
Look, Kudo, an eye hemorrhage.
What's that?
Could it be...?
A rope mark!
-Kudo, this man... Hey!
What's happened?
Ran, there's a tollbooth a kilometer away.
Call Inspector Sato and ask her to close it.
What's that?
Why? Because he's dead. Because he's dead.
The driver of this car has been strangled to death.
Strangled? Strangled?
Yes.
In a moving car with the doors and windows closed.
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
Of all these vehicles, there are three suspects.
He leaves.
Shinichi leaves again.
You're not the only one, you know? What?
I'd like to talk to you, too,
I have a lot to ask you.
Please wait for me.
Now it's serious.
It has already begun!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode!
"What I really want to ask you."

