(Sato) We have done what you have told us and we have closed the tolls,
but are you sure you have seen a dead body inside a car?
A dead body inside a moving car?
Yes, a man, and it looks like she was strangled.
So, the most logical thing...
is that the murderer is the person who accompanied her in the car.
No, because the strangest part of the case is that there was no one else in the car.
But this can't be!
How do you explain that a corpse drives a car?
I can't explain it.
(Kazuha) Don't you remember what you said in Heiji?
He said that the corpse was still warm,
and the culprit can't be far away.
Shinichi says
that if they close the tollbooth one kilometer away from the crime scene,
they'll be able to catch the culprit.
Are you talking about Heiji Hattori and Shinichi Kudo?
Yes?
They are here too?
Yes, they have gone to look for suspects in the cars stopped at the tollbooth.
And how will they do that?
There must be more than a hundred cars here.
We wait... to see what they say in Hattori and Kudo.
Their fame precedes themix.3 cars.
There are 3 suspect cars, the rest can leave.
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"Two detectives and conflicts of love."
"What do you want to ask Shinichi, Ran?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chants kikoeru.
Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway.
Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chants kikoeru.
Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"What I really want to ask you"
3 cars.
Of all these vehicles, there are 3 of suspects.
The other cars will only hinder us, you can open the barriers now.
3... 3 cars?
We have also examined the body in the car.
The only thing we know is that she was strangled while driving.
This means that the culprit has approached the victim's car
and did something that we haven't discovered yet.
Logical, don't you think?
We still don't know how the culprit did it,
but there has been a previous preparation.
What we do know is that he has entered the highway
at about the same time as the victim.
I get it!
There are only 3 cars that have entered the freeway
at the same time as the victim.
Are you absolutely sure?
I imagine he went from car to car asking for the entry ticket.
But more and more people have the ETC system installed,
to enter and exit the freeway without stopping.
The victim entered the highway
the same entrance that we have taken.
At this particular point,
the ETC system stopped working before noon,
and all the cars had to collect tickets.
And what it has done is to look for drivers
that have the entry ticket from this point on the highway.
Yes, but when we looked at the ticket that the victim had...
...we saw that he had entered the freeway
an hour before us.
An hour before?
(Heiji) We think it's possible that he stopped at a service area.
(Heiji) In short.
Of all the cars that have entered the highway at the same time
and at the same entrance,
and taking into account that the victim has stopped for one hour in a service area.
an hour in a service area, these 3 are the only ones...
that were still on this stretch of asphalt.
E-understood.
By the way, the victim's car is not very far away,
it's about a kilometer from here, with the emergency lights on.
I advise you to call the forensic team.
All right, how about we go talk to the suspects now?
Okay.
Hey, Sato, I guess we'll have to take a rain check on dinner.
Huh?
Hey, Sato...
(Thinking) "These guys... I don't get it."

"There's something I don't understand."
Hey, Heiji, how come you left Shinichi's cap?
Ah... because he felt like trying it on.
Do you like hats, Shinichi?
Eh?
It doesn't do much for you.
Hey, cut it out!
Leave me alone.
I want to do a makeover.
What?
"Even if the men who were chasing Shinichi think he's dead,
I've left his cap on so his face won't show too much."
"I'd like to know how much time he has left."
"On Shinichi it says that the effects of the antidote last for 12 hours,
but who knows."
(Heiji) These 3 people are the only occupants of the 3 suspicious cars.
of the 3 suspicious cars.
I just wanted to drive for a while on the highway with in Gunpei.
The victim, in Gunpei, was my boyfriend.
Drive for a while?
But it looks like we were each driving our own vehicle.
Yes, because we both like to drive our cars.
There's nothing wrong with that.
And were you both planning to stop at the service area as well?
No.
Gunpei got sleepy and wanted to sleep for a while.
I went to the restaurant at the service area,
and after an hour I went to wake him up.
All right, you guys.
And you guys...
What were you doing in the service area?
I was starving, so I stopped to eat something.
And you, what do you say?
Well... while I was driving,
my stomach started to churn and I felt dizzy.
So I stopped and went to the toilet.
I heard that they found a dead body inside a car,
but I had nothing to do with it.
What's that?
And I... neither... I didn't know her at all, the victim.
Liars!
You both knew him very well, Gunpei!
Did you?
You are the leader of the Black Stars,
you're the rivals of the Gunpei team!
And you are the father of the Akira,
a member of the Gunpei team who died in an accident!
Wait a minute.
The victim... is en Gunpei Furiki?
The former leader of the Red Comets,
the car racing gang operating in western Tokyo?
Yes.
But he no longer dyed his hair and shaved off his beard.
It is said that the leader of the Red Comets
left the band because he felt responsible for that accident.
Yes, and today in Gunpei he just wanted to make one last outing with his car.
But he... he came up from behind...
and started flashing his lights like crazy.
His problem is that he's never been able to win a race at Gunpei.
Shut up!
He had the bar to retire after a lucky streak!
"I just wanted to provoke."
"But since he didn't even listen to me, I overtook him."
Maybe he was too focused
on the woman who had left you for someone else.
And you kept honking your horn!
Yeah, b-b-because... I was behind this guy,
and when I passed him, I found Gunpei's car in front of me.
Gunpei braked suddenly and we almost collided.
"Then I honked my horn."
"Then he changed lanes.
"As if he wanted to go after the car that had overtaken him,
and I honked again."
"On the day of my son's funeral,
"At Gunpei he swore to me that he would give up car racing,
and that's why I was so indignant."
But, after a moment,
the car he was driving in Gunpei started doing strange things.
"I was in the passing lane," he said,
"But instead of speeding up, it started to slow down
and touched the side barrier."
And then, I realized something was wrong.
"I got in front of his car and managed to stop him."
Shortly after, we realized that she had been strangled.
This she did because she told them so in Kudo.
Does this mean that you were the first ones to see the body?
(Heiji) No, it was her.
I noticed something was wrong with him, too, to Gunpei.
I stopped behind him and ran over to check on him."
"Gunpei!"
If what these 3 say is true,
then it's impossible for them to have strangled her.
All right, gentlemen,
can you take us to the victim's car, please?
And so on.
Right now.
I'm coming too.
Agent Takagi, order them to open the barriers and let the cars pass,
and stay here with these 3 people.
Yes, ma'am.
Kazuha, you stay here with Ran.
We'll be right back.

Yes, it won't take long.
(Thinks) "He's leaving."
"In Shinichi is leaving again."
Aah...
Until now.
You're not the only one, you know. Eh?
I'd like to talk to you too,
I have a lot to ask you.
Please wait for me.
Shinichi.
Mmm...
If my intuition doesn't fail me, what you want to ask me...
is probably the same thing I want to ask you.
Hey, partner, enough with the partying.
But what are you saying!
No festejàvem.
Au, come on, let's go.
I'll be right back.
Hey, Ran, when I come back, Shinichi,
don't let him get away anymore!
Mm-hm.
(Sato) But that's impossible!
And you say the car was driving on the freeway?
Yes. It's very strange.
Have you noticed these curious marks on the rubber of the window?
As if something had been stretched from the outside.
You mean they've put a wire or something around the neck,
and stretched from the outside while the car was driving on the highway?
This is totally impossible.
From another car, the pressure would have been so brutal...
that, before strangling him, his neck would have been forcibly broken.
This is what we do not understand.
It is strange that he drove with the window open.
It's probably because he smoked a lot.
Look, the ashtray is full of cigarette butts.
I suppose he opened the window to let the smoke out.
Yeah, but if you're a smoker and you're speeding down the freeway,
you only work it a little bit.
-And how much is it, a little? -Aviam...
It's enough to let the smoke out inside.
Holes...
Someone has made two holes in the lower part of the window.
"I get it." "Yes, very clever."
I think I know how they did it, and I also know who did it.
Ah... Hey!
What's the matter with you?
You're all sweaty.
What's the matter?
The antidote must have worn off by now.
Yes.
I can't make an exact estimate,
but if we take into account the effects of the other time we gave it to him.
now he must be about to have another attack.
(groans)
Hey, Kudo...
(Thinking) "It can't be..."
"It's serious now. It's already started."
"I become resistant. It's only been 4 hours!"
Kudo, what's wrong with you?
Please answer me!
I-I'm sure you'll find a way to get through it.
He told me that when he notices the symptoms,
he can hold on for 30 minutes.
You know perfectly well that is not the case.
If your body has become resistant to the antidote,
it means that the time it takes to become a child has also become shorter.
has also become shorter.
-I doubt he'll last even ten minutes.
In-T-Ten-Ten minutes?
"If he's not aware of what awaits him..., he's lost."
What's the matter, Kudo, don't you feel well?
Maybe you've caught the flu.
Hey, I think you should see a doctor.
No, we have to solve the case first.
Please bring the 3 suspects.
You've already found the culprit?
Yeah, okay, I'll take them over there right now.
Please get in the car.
We're on our way.
Come on, Ran, we're coming too.
No, Kazuha, I'm staying here.
Shinichi told me he'll be right back.
When he tells you that, doesn't he always disappear in the end?
But I don't want to disturb him while he's solving the case.
Run! Hey!
Wait, wait!
What's he saying!
They strangled her car?
And they did it while she was driving on the freeway?
Yes.
Then it's impossible that we did it.
No, it's not impossible...
if someone got Gunpei to make a specific move.
Take it easy, Kudo.
Let me do the talking.
A... a specific move?
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't talk nonsense!
We couldn't have been!
We were driving!
But someone has done something that has killed him.
Thanks to these two small holes you see
at the bottom of the window, next to the driver.
What holes?
What holes?
The trick is very simple.
First, you pass the two ends of a fishing line
"...tightly through the two holes, from the outside to the inside of the car."
"Then you pass the two ends
through the space between the seat and the headrest."
"One of the ends, you pass it through Gunpei's tie,
and then you tie it at the other end."
"And that's it, now all you need to do is wait for the window to open."

"The thread will stretch and the strangle automatically."
On the driver's side door there is a button
that makes the window open all the way.
But how did the killer manage to get the window down?
"Me, all I did, is get in the back,
"I just flashed my lights at him, and overtook him."
And when he overtook him, all I did was honk my horn.
"The first time Gunpei braked suddenly."
"And the second time because I thought he wanted to chase Chuden's car."
You can't accuse me of the crime, because I didn't do anything.
No, but didn't you slow down?
When I was driving in front of Gunpei and he slowed down,
he did the same thing.
"He thought something was wrong with him and changed lanes..."
and pulled alongside his car.
Stop the car!
Are you saying that I yelled because Gunpei opened the window?
-Didn't you hear me screaming? -I didn't.
You didn't need to call out.
The only thing you had to do was wait for Gunpei's car
for Gunpei's car to catch up with him,
"...and look scared and pretend to call out."
I get it!
She opened the window to hear what he was saying.
The only person who has been able to install the wire in the car
is you, his girlfriend.
"You set it all up
while Gunpei was sleeping in the service area parking lot."
"She probably had the key to his car
because they had arranged for him to wake up."
Of course.
I imagine he'd put her to sleep with a pill or something else first.
The holes in the window, I guess he'd made them before.
As in Gunpei always drives with the window a little bit open
to let the cigarette smoke out,
the holes were hidden on the inside of the door.
Do you have any proof?
Do you have any evidence to accuse me?
When the body was found, he went back to his car...
and drove alone to the toll barriers.
If we search him, I'm sure we'll find...
"... the fishing line that you strangled Gunpei..,
which you had it cut before we arrived."
I am also almost certain that we will find two very important things:
the bottle of chloroform you used to put him to sleep,
and the bottle of ammonia that you used later to wake him up.
The fishing line, the chloroform and the ammonia?
are still in my car.
I was sure that the police would want to question,
but what I could never have imagined in life...
is that I would find two detectives so handsome and so smart.
The detectives have hit the nail on the head.
I sent Gunpei to his grave while I was driving.
Yes.
Just like Akira died..., behind the wheel of his car!
What? The Akira?
The Akira?
You're talking about my son Akira, maybe?
That's right!
I left Gunpei and went with Akira.
I did it when Akira won in the mountain race.
"I can only estimate a champion."
Now I understand.
And, to get even, at Gunpei he scheduled a race...
on a day when it was pouring rain.
That wasn't rain!
It was a storm!
He should have called off that race!
"But at Gunpei he provoked the Akira."
And the inevitable happened:
Akira's car skidded and went over the cliff.
(Kogoro) But, thus, it was the fault of both of them.
When he accepted the challenge, Akira was aware of the risks.
At Gunpei he regretted what he had done and gave up racing.
Regret, this man?
He doesn't know what he's talking about!
He was only pretending!
It's true, he's right.
When you have the racing fever, you don't stop until you die.
Exactly, that's why I had to stop it!
So that she wouldn't kill anyone else in cold blood!
Gunpei sincerely regretted what he had done to Akira.
And how can you know that, you?
I know that because on the apron of his car
there's a pack of cigarettes and a lighter.
The ashtray is full of cigarette butts, and some are still wet.
This proves that she has smoked up to the moment she was strangled.
"Sooner or later she has had to lean forward to pick up a cigarette,
and then she realised she had something tied around her neck."
So why...?
Why didn't she cut the string?

Because he had made up his mind.
He wanted to take his life to make up for all the damage he had done.
Don't..., please....
"You mean he... knew?"
Be that as it may, I confess that I have no pity for Gunpei.
And for you I don't feel any pity either.
If she decided not to cut the thread, it made her a murderer.
It doesn't matter that I thought I had reason to do so.
Morally, you had no right... to do what you did.
- (Heiji) Kudo!
What's wrong with you? -Takagi, call an ambulance!
Right away.
No...
Not the hospital!
You have to go to the hospital.
You have to go to the hospital.
But Ran...
Shinichi, you've finished the job, you've solved the case.
Until you don't go to the hospital... I won't let you go.
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
By the way, tell me what you want to eat for dinner, today.
It gives me.
As long as it's edible, it's all the same to me.
I don't know what's wrong with you, today.
But I remind you that we came here to camp.
(thinks) "An explosion! The car we just saw exploded."
"Why did it explode?"
This is no accident.
Someone set it all up.
This could be a murder.
Don't miss the next episode:
"Blue Sparks of Hate, Part One."

