You have to go to the hospital! But Ran...!
Let's go to the hospital, now it's important that you get well.
But later, once you've recovered....,
I want you to tell me how you figured all this out.
I think you may be right.
But-but until you go to the hospital,
I won't... I won't... I won't let go of your hand!
I won't let you go, Shinichi.
I won't let you go!
Oh...
Shinichi...
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"The condition for getting married was that he quit smoking,
but then there's an unexplained explosion."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"Blue sparks of hatred. Part one."
Ran, wake up!
How do you feel me?
Wake up!
Conan, but... Ha-ha-ha!
Are you all right now?
Ya-ha-ha, you're over it, the cold? Yes.
In Heiji and others have gone to the airport,
to catch the plane to Osaka with Mr. Mouri's car.
Oh, really?
By the way, Ran, can you do me a favor?
Mm? Would you mind letting go of my hand?
What?
Ah!
I'm sorry.
Did I hurt you? Ah, no.
I don't understand, how strange!
I was holding Shinichi's hand, I didn't want to let go.
But my head rolled and I got dizzy.
(Thinking) "Yes, because I shot an anesthetic dart at you."
It's because you must have been so tired.
You didn't let go of Shinichi's hand the whole time.
He took you to the car, left you inside....
and you were still holding his hand.
And where is he, Shinichi?
Also at the airport with the father's car?
No, he came with us with the car for a while,
but after a while he found himself,
and wanted us to leave him to finish solving a case.
So he let go of my hand and left.
Damn that smug detective! (Sinichi voice) "Conceited detective"...
He made me look bad.
I told him I wouldn't let go of his hand for the world!
(Think) "What a fool you are! How can you not see it?"
"Look at the left sleeve of Shinichi's sweater."
"It has the sleeve torn from top to bottom,
and it's pinned with safety pins."
"It's proof that you haven't let go of his hand the whole time,
so you have no reason to think you've looked bad."
A-atxim! What's wrong with you?
Have you gone cold again?
A-a...!
Ah, so thanks to that girl...
who has put your friend Ran to sleep with an anesthetic dart,
you managed to keep the secret,
even though she held your hand tightly
and didn't let go of it while you shrunk your car.
(Conan voice) How do you know?
Who told you, that she was holding my hand?
"I was told on the phone by an old man named Agasa."
(Think, see Sinichi) "Doctor Agasa, why did he have to tell you?"
By the way, do you have more, of antidote of this?
Which can bring your body back to your normal size.
"I guess you'd better save some just in case, right?"
(Conan voice) Yeah, I guess so.
"Hey, what are you doing? I told you guys not to look, didn't I?"
Hey, Kudo!
Ah, these guys, they're staring all the time.
What a pain in the ass!
They don't seem to have anything else to do.
Ow, stop it, stop it!
What's next?
What happened, huh?
This trip is starting to get really boring.
I told Ay to give me 100 pills of the antidote, at least.
"What? 100 pills?!" Yes...
I thought this was the minimum I might need.
I already warned you: the more times you take the antidote,

the more and more resistant your body will become
and less and less effective.
Don't blame me,
if you can't go back to your adult body later.
Yeah, I know you want to impress Ran,
but just think that 100 pills...
won't do you much good, they'll barely last a week.
I don't understand why he had to tell me that.
"Look, Kudo..." Eh?
The girl told you that the pills wouldn't do any good.
Wouldn't it be better if you told Ran the truth for once?
Or don't you want to tell her how you really feel about her?
What are you, an ass?
You don't know what you're saying!
And besides, there are things I can't say.
-What's the matter?
Don't you want to come camping? - (Mitsuhiko) What, you can't say?
(Mitsuhiko) What?
Ah..., no, no.
Hey, I'm going camping on the mountain,
and now is not the time to talk about it.
Ah... Ha-ha-ha!
Do you talk about personal things on the phone?
No..., I'm done talking on the phone.
"Hey! Wait, wait, don't hang up!"
Ah, the guy hung up on me!
What a face!
Oh, how nice!
I'm really looking forward to going camping!
So am I!
I'm sure we'll go to a fantastic and beautiful place.
By the way, tell me what you want to eat for dinner today.
You can choose, I bought a lot of things.
-I know: grilled meat. I knew it, Genta.
-You always want the same. Conan, what do you want for dinner?
You know, rice with curry.
And you, Ay?
I don't mind.
As long as it's edible, it's all the same to me.
(All) Eh? Bah, do not listen to him.
All morning he is in a bad mood and does not stop pouting.
He must have been angry for some minor nonsense.
Mm? Ouch!
-Mm! - (car: shaking)
(Genta) It can't be!
We've run out of gas again?
Haven't you had the car checked by the mechanic, before leaving?
Yes.
This is not the problem, the engine is running perfectly.
I would say that we have run out of gas.
Anyway, it will get dark soon.
We'd better call someone to bring us some gas, right?
Yes, I had thought of that too.
-Now I was going to call someone. -Who are you going to call?
I was thinking of calling the man who lives next door.
The one who came to live after the fire, in Subaru Okiya.
He told me that he would be home all day and that he had nothing to do.
It can be here in less than two hours.
Ha!
"No service"?
No coverage!
-What?! - What do we do now?
-We're lost in the middle of the mountain! -And where is the camping area?
I'm sure it's far away from here, on foot!
Well, we have 3 possibilities. (Vez) Eh?
The first would be to go walking to the gas station
that we have passed ten about 30 minutes ago,
buy gas and come back.
The second would be to wait here until a car passes by,
stop him and convince him to join us at the gas station.
Or else... Eh?
We could go up to that house up there
and ask them to let us make a phone call.
If we go to the gas station on foot,
it'll take a minimum of two hours to get there and two more to get back.
Waiting here for a car to pass by can take forever,
because so far we have not seen any passing in any direction.
Therefore, the best thing to do is to go up to the house.
I'm sure someone is there, because the lights are on.
Ah, what a beautiful house!
Do you think a princess lives there?
Maybe they have a very good meal and invite us!
Yes, a French meal, a 3-course meal! -I like Italian better.
(thinks, sees Sinichi) "I thought we came here to camp..."
Eh?
Oh!
Oh!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
-Hello. -Hello.
Is something wrong? -Sorry to bother you.
Would you be so kind as to accompany us to the gas station more closely?
That depends.
I don't know him.
If you don't give me more information, no.
Of course I won't.
We're going to a camping area and we've run out of gas.
Besides, there's no cell phone reception in this place,
and we can't call anyone.
So you are the only hope we have.
So you're out of gas and you're out of... coverage.
Well, you'll have to do a hit, you old good-for-nothing!
-Huh?! - Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(All) Eh?!
What's wrong with this guy?

-Coi de ricos! -What a jerk of a guy!
Yeah, all you want,
but it seems to me that we'll have to ask another favor.
(All) What?
(All) Why?!
This was a classic car,
an expensive car to maintain that only a rich extravagant can afford.
A guy who goes around the world with a car like this...
it's quite possible that he's the very same potentate
who has had the very expensive and impressive mansion on the hill built.
Oops!
I'm not going to ask him for anything, in this unpresentable.
Neither will I.
I'd rather wait here for as long as it takes,
until another car comes by again.
Man, maybe the man who has stopped not in the house...
Maybe in Conan wrong and goes to a completely different place.
I would go.
I do not think we lose nothing, to try it.
You're right, it does not lose anything, to go.
Let's leave the stuff in the car and go up to the house.
Yes, and if we all go and ask him well?
Let's go, then.
But it's getting dark.
We'd better take a flashlight.
I have one in the car.
It's in the bag behind the driver's seat.
-Can you go get it for me? -Yes, right now!
What's the matter with you?
Have you become a princess?
Do I look like a princess to you? I don't know what's wrong with you today.
But I remind you that we came here to camp.
(Think, see Sinichi) "An explosion!"
"This... is the emblem that was on the car that just passed."
-Hey, where are you going? -Hey?
Hey, Conan!
(He thinks) "The car we just saw exploded."
"But why? It was full of explosives, when it happened?"
"Is that why, he didn't let us get in the car?"
"Why didn't he want us to be affected by the explosion?"
"I don't think so. This is not the impression he gave me."
(People: talk at once)
Gokiii!
-No, Ena, it's dangerous. -Goki!
Goki!
We have already called the firemen and the ambulance!
Goki!
Goki!
(Conan's voice) This Goki whom you are calling....,
is a brown-haired man, with a goatee,
a wool sweater and a polar fleece?
But... who are you?
Not long ago I was passed by...
a man driving a car that I think must have been him.
The victim's name was Goki Sudo, 34 years old.
He was the manager of a technology company.
He was a very wealthy man,
as is evident from the mansion he had himself built.
The cause of the fire was a cigarette he had in his mouth.
What was in his mouth? Yes.
It seems that someone had poured a can of gasoline in the garage.
"The gasoline that has spread on the floor...
"It had filled the whole place with vapors...
when Mr. Sudo arrived with the car."
"Mr. Sudo opened the garage door, went inside and...
"Unsuspectingly, he parked the car smoking..,
with a lit cigarette in his mouth."
"When he got out of the car, the ember of the cigarette ignited the gasoline."
We found a burnt cigarette butt in the garage.
-That's impossible! -Eh?
Goki didn't smoke anymore, now he had quit smoking.
He did it for me, I didn't want him to smoke,
I-and who are you?
It's Ena Ginbayashi, Mr. Sudo's promise.
Every weekend, we gather here a group of friends to have a party.
But Sudo said that today he wanted to announce something to us.
-That we were getting married. (both) Eh?
In Goki and I had decided to get married.
He wanted to announce it at the party today, in front of everyone.
But now, but now... my Goki is dead!
Yes, I guess what you just said is true.
We found a few half-burned papers that confirm it.
But, on the other hand, he deceived you when he told you he had quit smoking.
We found a lot of cigarette butts in the ashtray of the car,
and near the body there was also a cigarette,
but it was completely charred.
In addition, on the floor, we also found a bag with a lighter?
and a packet of tobacco inside, although it was still to be opened.
No, it can't be.
I told him not long ago that I didn't want him to smoke.
Not long ago?
Yes, a little while ago, a little more than an hour, in fact,
when Goki called me to tell me he was on his way here.
Yes, it was when Ena told him: "Remember that I don't want you to smoke;

If I know that you smoke, I will cancel the wedding.
And you are sure, who is called was Mr. Sudo?
Yes, I'm the one who picked up the phone,
and before hanging up I spoke to him again.
Well, he doesn't seem to have paid much attention to his fiancée,
because he continued smoking.
He was also storing gasoline in plastic drums,
something not very recommendable.
It seems clear that it was an accident.
Actually, I don't see it so clearly.
Oh no?
You said that Mr. Sudo had a cigarette burning in his mouth
when he got out of the car,
but in order to have a lit cigarette in his mouth,
he should have lit up a while before he got out of the car, right?
But they have not found any open pack of tobacco.
Isn't it true, what I say, officer of the coroner's office?
-He answers.
Is it true? -Yes.
We didn't find any open packs, neither in the car nor in the garage.
But... how can it be that there is none?
Well, I think... the cigarette butt would already be on the garage floor,
before Mr. Sudo came in with the car.
-Hey? -Hey, Conan, wait!
Eh? What's, what's your theory?
Yeah, explain it to us, will you! This is no accident.
Someone's staged the whole thing to look like one.
I think this could be a murder.
Are you sure about that, Conan? Yes.
One of the plastic drums in the garage...
"...was on the floor and uncovered, oddly enough."
"The gasoline has spread on the floor...
and the fumes filled the entire garage."
"Then Goki arrived and entered the garage."
"Once he parked the car, he seems to have lit a cigarette,
he put it in his mouth and when he got out of the car...
everything exploded."
"The butt of the cigarette that caused the fire....
was found on the ground near the car."
At first glance, everything suggests an accident.
But if the pack of cigarettes from which he is supposed to have taken the cigarette
is nowhere to be seen....,
"...it means that the cigarette butt was already on the ground....
"Long before Mr. Sudo entered the garage,
and that it has been left by someone, expressly."
"It seems more than clear that the person who left the cigarette butt on the ground...
wanted this to look like an accident."
-You're the best, Conan! -You're the best, Conan!
-It's not that clear, kid. (all) Huh?
We've searched the entire garage
and we haven't found anything that could have started the fire.
I think it was an accident.
But Mr. Sudo didn't have any packs of cigarettes started either, did he?
No.
There's something wrong here.
If you keep looking, you're bound to find something.
-It was the last cigarette he smoked. -I?
Since it was the last cigarette he smoked,
if this was the last one in the pack of cigarettes,
maybe he decided to throw the pack of cigarettes out the window
before entering the garage.
In Goki he always crushed the empty tobacco packs
and threw them out the window.
Maybe today he did the same thing.
So if we look around the outskirts of the house,
there's a good chance we'll find empty packs of cigarettes?
Yes.
But now, it's been a while since I've seen him throw away any packs of cigarettes.
If Goki cheated me and continued to smoke,
he would most likely not throw the cigarette butts and packets of tobacco
near the house, but far away.
If so, we would have to search a very large area of land,
and this would take many hours.
In addition, there is a very large ravine next to the road.
Anyway, that's all I can tell you.
Excuse me, miss. (Both) Mm?
Are you sure, that your fiancé, Mr. Sudo,
wanted to quit smoking?
If he didn't like Mr. Sudo smoking
and you knew he continued to smoke in secret,
all he had to do was pour the can and let the gasoline out.
You don't know what you're saying!
Who told you that Mr. Sudo smoked in secret?
-That's a lie, you feel me?! - He is right.
When he promised Ena, he didn't smoke anymore.
But it could be that he didn't smoke when there was someone in front of him, couldn't he?
We talked to Mr. Sudo shortly before the incident,
and from the conversation we had with him,
he didn't strike us as a person...
who could be trusted very much, really.
-Couldn't be trusted? -No.

We were on our way to the camping area and we ran out of gas.
"We saw a car coming, and we stopped it. It was Mr. Sudo's."
"I asked him if he could take us to a gas station, but..."
He was being rude!
When the doctor talked to him and explained what was going on...
...it seemed that he wanted to accompany us, but then...
...he insulted us and left.
Well, you'll have to do something about it, you old good-for-nothing!
Oh, man!
How rude!
I don't like to speak ill of those who are no longer with us,
but he didn't strike me as someone capable of keeping his promise not to smoke.
It is true that he had a strong temper and that he may have said so.
But I think he had kept his promise not to smoke.
Yes, he did.
In Sudo I would have done anything, for the Ena.
Besides, supposing..., just supposing,
that he had continued to smoke on the sly with me,
he knew what I had told him on the phone.
I had told him in front of everyone that I would not marry him.
If I found out that he continued to smoke,
he knew he would have called off the wedding.
After I told him all this,
I can't believe he got out of the car with a lit cigarette,
let alone that you think I was counting on it to kill him.
I think the girl is right.
If his promise told him in front of everyone to quit smoking,
it's hard to prove it's a case of murder.
But it's not the cigarette that started the fire.
Eh?
I don't know whether Mr. Sudo had quit smoking or not,
but I'm sure he didn't smoke any cigarettes today, in the car.
"When Dr. Agasa stopped the car,
"I went over to the driver, too,
and he didn't smell of tobacco."
So what caused it, the fire in the garage?
I have no idea.
I still don't know, for the moment.
But there is one thing I do know:
it was Ena who set it all up.
Remember what you said first?
When Inspector Yuminaga said
that the cause of the fire was a burning cigarette,
she started screaming, she said it was impossible.
This is impossible.
She had quit smoking!
But just when we had just heard this,
when I remarked to her that it was very strange
that she had not found any packet in the car, she said...
Goki may have thrown the pack of cigarettes before entering the garage.
If Ena had believed that I had stopped smoking, he would have agreed with me,
he would have agreed with me, and I don't know,
I'm sure he would have said something like:
"You see, now? This proves that yes, I had quit smoking".
You're right about that.
So, for these two contradictory comments she has made,
I'm convinced that she's the killer.
"She has jumped against Inspector Yuminaga....
"Because she wanted him to think that she didn't know...
that Goki was smoking behind her back."
From what has been said, it is evident that Ena has a lot of interest...
that it looks like an accident caused by a lit cigarette.
Now we just have to find out what is the cause
that caused the fire that killed Goki.
So you are convinced that it is not an accident.
You're right, the fire couldn't have started by itself.
Of course, there must be something that made it start.
Yes, I've been thinking about it for a while now.
There's got to be some way...
to start a fire in the garage
without having to use some kind of ignition system.
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
But that... that you have is the emblem of Goki's car.
(Sinichi voice) "A classic car, a wool sweater..."
"Sure, I know!"
"The classic car..."
"I had arranged for him to be the one to start the fire."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Blue sparks of hate. Part two."

