"We left with Dr. Agasa to go camping,
but we ran out of gas in the middle of the road."
"We called for help from in Goki Sudo,
"who was passing by in a classic car,
but he insulted Dr. Agasa and left."
(Explosion)
"Soon after, an explosion was felt....
At the house on the mountain hill."
"We went running
and saw Mr. Sudo's classic car surrounded by flames.
"His fiancée, Ena Ginbayashi, was screaming his name and crying."
"It looked like an accident,
but I became suspicious of Ena's attitude."
"Could it have been a murder that Ena had planned?"
"Nothing was found that could have caused the fire, but..."
Surely there must be some way...
to start a fire in the garage
without requiring the use of some kind of ignition system.
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"An unexplained explosion."
"The secret behind a trick fueled by hatred."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"Blue sparks of hatred" (part two)
Ahem.
Well, anyway, let's leave aside the tobacco issue for the time being.
Could you tell me where you were and what you were doing, exactly,
when Mr. Sudo arrived with the car and entered the garage?
-Well, we were... We were all in a room.
When he arrived, we were playing a game.
-A game? -We were playing the king's game.
Eh?
Don't you know it?
You make little pieces of paper with numbers and one with a crown.
Whoever pulls out the crown can give orders to the others.
For example: "Number 14 to kiss number 3".
Right.
And was there anyone else in the room while Mr. Sudo entered the car?
Sudo entered the car?
I would say everybody was there.
If someone had to leave for a moment, to go to the bathroom, for example,
we would stop and wait for them to come back.
But when Mr. Sudo, the owner of the house, arrived,
it would have been normal that someone would have gone out to receive her, no?
Well, no.
We couldn't have known that he had already arrived.
The garage door was opened from inside the car by remote control.
And we couldn't hear anything, because we had the music too loud.
That's true.
We all went outside when we felt the explosion!
(Woman) "And we saw the fire coming out of the garage."
So, no one could have activated an ignition system,
nor to connect it in a delayed way
because they couldn't have known when Mr. Sudo would arrive.
-No. No, it's impossible.
And how is it that the can with the gasoline was open and lying on the ground?
- (Ena) I think he knocked it over.
It's, uh...?
This golden retriever.
My father gave it to me.
He's very naughty.
He never stops knocking things over and knocking them over.
Yeah, and that's why I'd already warned him.
I had told him not to keep gasoline in plastic cans.
Yeah, but who would have thought that something like that could happen three times?
could happen three times?
What?
It had happened before, this? Yes.
At last week's party, when Sudo arrived,
there was already a drum lying on the ground, and at the one two weeks ago, too.
When he saw it he got very angry and started shouting:
"Who did it?"
When in Goki learned that it had been the Ena's dog,
they had a bad argument.
(Man) "They were always arguing,
if it was not for something, it was for another one:
for the car, for a dress, they were always the same.

Two weeks ago it was about the car, right?
Yes, and last week the discussion was...
because in Sudo I had stopped I don't know where before I came here.
-But who cares about that? -Oh! -Oh!
I'm sorry.
Goki is dead because he didn't want to listen to me.
He didn't want to do anything for me.
You can see he didn't love me very much.
If he had really loved me,
nothing would have happened to him and he would still be alive.
That's all that matters now.
-Tingui: Aaah.
I told my men to bring you some gasoline.
-Thank you very much. You're welcome.
Anyway, if I have any more questions, I'll call you.
-Clear. -Eh?
That guy with the glasses, where did he go?
-It's over there.
Miri: Eh?
Au, please, I want to know.
What?
Talk about last week's discussion and two weeks ago.
What a pain in the ass you are, kid!
I've already said it.
Two weeks ago you argued about the car and a dress.
But why would they argue about something like that?
How should I know!
Surely Ena told him to come with the classic car...
and he decided to come with the latest model he had bought.
Or maybe it was because Goki didn't come to the party
with the clothes that Ena had bought him for the party.
What kind of clothes were they? I don't... I don't remember.
Do you remember that you said
that when you saw Goki he was wearing a wool sweater and a fleece?
It seems to me that they were arguing over this wool sweater.
It had been bought by Ena and she wanted me to wear it to the party.
In Goki I had been wearing this fleece jacket
since the day he had founded the company, he liked it very much,
but he couldn't stand wool.
No, he didn't like it at all.
But last week, when he came,
we were all very surprised,
because he was indeed wearing the wool sweater that Ena had given him,
and he had also come with the classic car.
Yes, but Ena reprimanded him...
because he had stopped to buy a water when we were all waiting for her.
Goki was furious.
"I stop where I want," he said.
Then, unintentionally, Ena splashed En Goki's sweater...
with the wine she was holding in her hand.
She began to scream and apologize to him
and telling her that she would buy a new one.
So the party ended as the rosary of the dawn.
What I don't understand, that's why... What?
...is that I remember that, before,
Ena always said she didn't like classic cars.
(She thinks) "A classic car,
a wool sweater, she stops to buy."
"Wait a minute. What if...?"
Eh? Enough questions, little one.
Leave the investigation to the police, that's our job,
and enjoy the camping trip.
-Yeah, clear up. -Au, bye-bye.
He says we enjoyed it, but...
...we're so intrigued by this case...
...that it's impossible for us to enjoy ourselves.
Hey, Shinichi, will it take you long to solve it?
(Shinichi voice) I don't think so.
I've got a few more heads to tie up, doctor.
Would you mind continuing the conversation when we're inside the car?
I don't mind.
It's getting cold already.
(Conan's voice) Go on, then.
Log off in the car, that you do not refredéssiu.
Would you mind opening the car door for me?
What?!
But who do you think you are?
I am not your servant!
Open the door, sisplau.
Eh?
D-don't tell me... don't tell me... you're in trouble.
Please.
Ha-ha-ha!!!
I'll tell you a way to stop it from happening to you.
If you trap yourself with the door, you have to touch the floor first,
if you mess with the handle, you have to touch the wall.
Can you tell me what the hell t'empatolles?
Do you want to open the door at once?!
Really, try it, I tell you it works.
You can do something else, open your hand.
-Mm? -What are you playing?
Rock, paper, scissors. "Sure! I know!"
"The classic car!"
"That's why Ena didn't want...
to stop anywhere in Sudo."
Mm?
Aaaah!
"I had arranged for him... to be the one to start the fire."
(Man) But inspector, you said it very clearly, didn't you?
It is clear that it was the dog that knocked down the plastic drum
and poured all the gasoline that was on the floor of the garage
before it entered Goki.
The garage was filled with fumes, the car was parked in Goki...

and when he came out with the cigarette in his mouth, everything exploded.
It is very clear that it was an accident.
Really, Inspector, I don't understand why we have to be re-interviewed.
No, we don't want to re-interrogate everyone, just one person,
Mr. Goki Sudo's fiancée, Miss... Ena Ginbayashi.
-Huh? -You will have to accompany us.
The fact that the gas canister has been lying down for 3 weeks in a row
has us very intrigued,
especially this little guy here, who would like to ask you a few questions.
Sorry, but he is very insistent.
-A new this curious little boy! -But what do you want, you, now?
Nothing, I asked the inspector to ask him a few questions.
I don't know, but it's possible...
that someone in the house knocked over the gas can on purpose.
Would you mind answering a few more questions, please?
I guess I have no choice.
All right, I'll go down to the station, if you like,
and I'll tell them the same thing I've told them here,
that there's no one capable of having done it.
But I don't want to go to the police station with the police car,
it would be as if I were under arrest, and that's not true;
I'll come with my car.
Ah, of course.
Eh?
But they want to interrogate us too
because we are the last ones who have seen him alive.
We could all go with our car, since we also have to go.
- (horn) -AA... Yes, ok.
Of course you are many, aren't you?
You mean we'll all fit, the car?
Oh, so much.
No need to worry about them.
Eh?
They'd rather come with a police car.
Can we really come with the police car?
That's great!
That's great!
Thank you, but I think I'd rather...
go to the police station with my car.
Too bad, I'm sorry.
I wanted to show you something I'm sure you'd be interested in.
Eh?
Something I'm interested in?
Yes.
I found it on my way up to the house.
It was something of Mr. Sudo's.
But I haven't shown it to the police yet.
Don't you want to see it? Ee... aah... yes.
Sure, sure.
You like it, this car?
It's nice, isn't it?
Man, comfort aside, I admit it's a funny shape.
What car is it, this one.
What make?
It's a Volkswagen, but they call it a "Beetle"..,
because it's shaped like a beetle.
Ah!
Now that you mention it, it's true.
What are you doing?
Sending a message? Mm.
Yes, to a friend.
We've finally gotten to a place where there's cell coverage.
And when you're done sending the message, will you show me, this thing?
The Goki thing you say you found?
Ah.
Of course I did.
Look, that's it!
But that, that thing you have is the emblem of Goki's car.
Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure.
Or, at least, it's the same as what was there... the nose of his car.
Are you sure this emblem is from Goki's car?
Mm-hm.
I found it on the road under the house after the explosion.
I guess it must have flown in.
But you... Eh?
...you don't like classic cars at all, do you?
Then why did you ask Mr. Sudo...
to come with the classic car today?
I guess it all rubs off.
I don't dislike them so much now.
Besides, Mr. Sudo didn't like wool.
How come you told him to wear the wool sweater when he came here?
Because it looked very good on him.
He always... liked to wear fleece.
Oh, don't you also wear a wool sweater...
and a fleece jacket?
Yes.
So what?
Aa..., nothing.
I-I was just curious.
And that, that's the only thing you found that you wanted to show me?
Yes, why do you ask?
You thought you had something else, maybe?
Mm.
Nooo.
No, no.
Ooh!
We're out of gas again!
What's that?
That the inspector has brought you a jerrycan of gas.
He's a gas guzzler!
Ah, wow!
And now what do we do, eh?
There's no gas station around here.
His house is not far away, we could go there.
I saw that he had a gas can in the garage.
That's right!
I bought it to go camping, but I forgot to take it.
I suppose you don't mind, we'll stop by the doctor's house for a moment.
No, of course not.
I'm really sorry about that.

Just a moment, I'll be right back.
Ah, it's here!
Yes, it's gasoline.
Aah!
Aah!
What the hell is he doing now? Huh? [Gasps]
Aah.
Ha-ha-ha!
What a coincidence!
A can of gasoline has spilled,
exactly the same thing that happened at the house on the hill
when the garage was lit.
Y-yes.
We are lucky, that's why.
Chiefs of us in the car, smoke.
Yes, very lucky.
Excuse me, but can I take a towel that is in the trunk?
The trunk opens with the ignition key.
-Eh? -Oh!
-Which man's case! -Ah!
Noo!
No!
Static electricity... will cause sparks to fly!
Ah!
Wow, so it's the static electricity...
that caused the fire.
You just made that very clear to us yourself, just now.
You told your fiancé...
to wear clothes that accumulate a lot of static electricity,
fleece and wool.
"She also forced him to take a very long drive,
to the garage of the house, which was full of evaporated gasoline."
"Today, when Mr. Sudo got out of the car...
"And put the key in the door lock to lock it,
"sparks of static electricity flew..."
Aaaah!
These sparks have ignited the gasoline that has caused the explosion
and the death of Mr. Sudo.
When you drive, the clothes on your back rub against the seat....
and this produces static electricity.
"Also, you were very keen for me to come with the classic car..."
because now they open and close with remote controls.
You don't have to put the key in the door lock.
In other words, even if there is static electricity,
sparks only fly when there is metal-to-metal contact.
Yeah, but normally static electricity only tickles.
I couldn't have known, me, that it would cause sparks.
It's true that if he had only tried it once,
it's very likely that his plan wouldn't have worked,
but that's why he kept repeating it.
What I say is true, isn't it?
He tried it 3 weeks in a row, at least.
Two weeks ago, the plan didn't work....
because in Sudo he didn't wear the wool sweater and came with the new car.
"Last week, it didn't work either because Mr. Sudo stopped to buy some mineral water.
stopped to buy mineral water."
"When you get out of the car, and you touch something,
"the static electricity on you disappears,
"And no matter how much you put the key in the lock,
as there's no static electricity, no sparks fly."
Later, they got into an argument,
and he took advantage of it to stain his sweater with wine.
Because if he continued to wear the wool sweater, the static electricity would make him feel too much static electricity,
the static electricity would make him feel too uncomfortable.
and then he would not want to wear it again,
or maybe he would decide to buy some anti-static clothes or something.
In this way, he wanted to prevent Mr. Sudo from asking
what to do to eliminate static electricity,
such as getting out of the car and touching the ground with his feet,
or putting his hand on the roof of the car.
Or before opening a car door, touch the floor with your hand.
And if you have to touch a door handle, touch a wall first,
to eliminate static electricity from the body.
Some people are so afraid of static electricity that they touch objects with a finger.
that they touch objects with a finger,
but to avoid getting stung or sparks,
it is better to touch things with the palm of your hand
so as not to concentrate the electricity.
Mr. Sudo did not like wool sweaters,
he didn't use to wear
and was not exposed to much static electricity,
so he combined wool and polar fleece
to create this static electricity for him.
"You knew that, when he put the key in the lock of the door,
there was a good chance that sparks would fly."
And since he wasn't used to static electricity,
he would be unprepared.
But... why did he decide to kill him like that?
Why didn't he just want to get rid of Sudo?
you also wanted to get rid of the car, right?
Yes.
That's right.
I wanted to get rid of him and the car,
I wanted to wipe them both off the Earth!
I wanted to make disappear... this heartless monster...
disguised as a human being!
"My father was in a delicate condition and suffered from a heart condition."

"He had a seizure while riding in the car with my mother,
who didn't know how to drive."
"They were on a mountain road and no one was passing by."
"He couldn't get to a hospital, and he died!"
I'm sorry, but your father was very unlucky.
He's right.
He was very unlucky,
because just after he had the seizure and stopped the car,
a car drove by, this monster's car.
My mother begged him to take him to the hospital,
but he looked at her and said...
Well, let him get beaten up and die, you useless old woman!
Because of this incident and the death of the father,
my mother became very ill, and she never recovered.
She died soon after.
"Very shortly before she died,
"My mother told me that the car he was driving...
had the silver figure of a winged woman with open wings."
So, I didn't stop looking...
until I found that he had a classic car
with the figure of a woman with open wings.
But I saved you.
If this girl had put the key in the lock before I stopped her, I can't even imagine what she would have done,
I can't even imagine what could have happened.
Not much.
Beetle trunks don't open with a key.
And the message from before was for someone I asked
to empty the gas can and fill it with water.
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
(Scoundrel: laughter)
This racing game is awesome!
Sometimes, the doctor has some fantastic ideas.
Where is the Ai?
I haven't seen it.
But surely it must have been removed by now.
Don't tell me, he's still in a bad mood though, right?
Don't tell anyone, but you can tell the static electricity...
has been bugging him all night long
and hasn't let him sleep,
and besides, he's lost all the anti-static stuff he had.
(Conan voice) "You have to touch a wall with an open hand."
Oh!
(Scoundrel) Hooray!
(Conan voice) Great!
(Conan voice) All right!
Hey, why don't you come play with us?
It's a lot of fun.
Okay, but just think... I'm really good, playing this game.
Oh, wow, that's strong!
How did you do that?
-What a blast!
It's too much! -Oh!
More!
More!
It's strange, seeing her in a good mood.
And look at that man sitting at the bar!
He looks a lot like a friend of mine.
Ah, well, I...
The victim was the head of Sugihito, the older brother of the Azusa.
(Man) We're keeping an eye on the cafe
because he might get in touch with his sister.
Ah!
But what are you doing?
(Think) "But this is..."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"A package from the real culprit."

