(Kogoro) "Stockbroker murdered in his apartment."
The murder weapon is a hunting rifle.
Police believe the motive could be revenge.
Oh, how scary!
This man's apartment is not far away.
The killer may have been hiding nearby.
-Hey, Azusa! -It's very serious.
I'll go to the kitchen and bring you another plate.
Azusa, are you all right?
You look very pale.
Yes, I am.
Azusa, come to think of it,
isn't it true that your older brother practices skeet shooting?
What's that got to do with it?
The clay pigeon shooting he does in Sugihito is a sport,
he's not a hunter.
Yes, but it seems to me...
all these dog-faced men are suspicious of something.
Now that you mention it, it's true:
there's a lot of unfriendly-looking people in the cafe today.
Eh... This man looks familiar, I'd say I've seen him before.
And look at that man sitting at the bar!
He looks a lot like a friend of mine.
Eh?
Oh, if I'm not mistaken, you're...
(Coughs)
Officer Takagi!
What are you doing here?
(Shinichi voice) "A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"Café Poirot, full of cops, and the package, full of mysteries."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"A package from the real culprit"
What?
In Sugihito is suspected of the crime?
Of the stockbroker's murder?
Yes.
The victim's name was Takafumi Torihira.
He was the head of Sugihito, the elder brother of the Azusa.
We found the rifle at the crime scene
with his fingerprints on it.
When we went to Sugihito's apartment, no one was there.
And we know he hasn't returned to work either.
We watched the cafe because he might contact his sister.
God-hay-do.
Let's see, has your brother contacted you?
Yeah, once, to tell me not to worry about anything.
The agents already know.
Sugihito told me he's innocent!
He hasn't committed any crime.
-I know he hasn't done anything!
-It's true.
-I'm sure it's all a mistake.
W-Who are you?
(Azusa) It's Mr. Kawase, he works with my brother.
I had work nearby and I came to the cafe.
Are you sure the fingerprints you found on the gun were Sugihito's?
were Sugihito's?
Of course, there is no doubt.
The other day at Sugihito's and a few of my colleagues
went to Mr. Torihira's apartment
and he showed us his hunting rifle.
I guess that's why they found his fingerprints.
In Sugihito he picked up the rifle and looked at it with great interest,
he even looked down the barrel.
What do you mean "with great interest"?
Surely you have seen many rifles in Sugihito.
No, he only shoots shotguns;
he was very nervous,
because it was his first time touching a hunting rifle.
Nervous?
If his brother went to Mr. Torihira's house,
that means they had a good relationship.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have invited her.
My brother said he was a very strict head, but he was a good person.
A very strict end?
In Sugihito he was very competent
and Mr. Torihira liked to closely monitor his work.
He had a habit of shouting in front of everyone,
but I think he appreciated it very much.
He was very strict, but he appreciated it.
If you can explain why his fingerprints are on the rifle,
why he had to run away?
And we know that Sugihito left his apartment in a hurry.
And how do you know that?
Because he left the door of the apartment open,
and he didn't even take the wallet with the credit card.

In fact, these are not the only things that incriminate him.
In a garbage bag we found near his apartment,
there was a white shirt of his all stained with blood.
-It can't be! -And this blood was from...
Yes.
The DNA analysis proves that the blood was Mr. Torihira's.
But how do you know that the white shirt was Sugihito's?
We found his fingerprints on all the buttons.
This is a photo of the shirt in question.
Can you tell me if you recognize it?
Well... I don't know, it's just an ordinary shirt.
Let me see it! Hey, Conan!
(Thinking) "How strange..."
Well, I have to go back to the office.
From here, I have an hour's drive,
so I'd better get going.
Yes, of course, the company is in Kanagawa.
Azusa, if he contacts you, send me an email, okay?
Eh?
I will try to convince him to turn himself in to the police.
If he doesn't turn himself in soon,
it will be very difficult for him to prove his innocence.
-Yes, of course. Goodbye.
Thank you very much for coming all this way.
One question: Mr. Kawase and your brother are friends?
Yes, last month they started working in the same section...
and they have become close friends.
Many days at Hideji he stays over at Sugihito's apartment.
Since my brother lives near the office...
Ah, you understand.
We're sorry to have to enter your apartment, but it's part of the job.
Don't worry, if I have to be watched, I don't care if it's inside or outside.
And I'll do what I can to prove my brother is innocent.
Your room is just as we imagined it.
Very macaque.
Do you like it?
Wow, what a lot of presents!
From a client of Café Poirot?
No, these gifts are from my brother.
Whenever he has to travel for work he always brings me some curious souvenir.
He also sends me other things,
for example, he likes to send photos with his cell phone.
Like last night.
Doesn't he look handsome?
Is this snow?
Did it snow last night?
I think it snowed heavily where my brother lives.
He told me that he also sent it to Mr. Kawase.
Do you think that a person who takes these pictures
could murder someone?
Man, I don't know.
And besides, when he called me this morning,
he told me that he only knows how to shoot shotguns for target shooting.
And that shooting with a hunting rifle is more complicated than it sounds.
-Yes, but we didn't say... - (doorbell)
Ah.
A visitor? Were you expecting someone?
-No, I don't know who it must be. -Let's see if it's...
I hope so.
Hello, I'm carrying a package for Miss Enomoto.
-What's wrong? -Nothing's wrong.
Who's the package from? Let's see...
-Sugihito Enomoto sent it.
-It's his!
I'm sorry, I have to ask him to open it.
I'll ask him to open it.
-Here.
-Thank you.
It's a box of cookies.
(Kogoro) This looks like it, but maybe there's a message or a letter.
Let's see... Well, no, there are only cookies here.
Azusa, can you think why he sent you a box of cookies?
Hey, Azusa!
Why did he send me the cookies?
He knows I love them, I guess that's why he did it.
Someone who does these things can't be a murderer.
By the way, I have to go out for a moment now to buy some things.
You do?
I have to go to the supermarket to buy some food and other things I need.
-Would you like to come with me? -Yes, I'll go with you.
The person who found the body this morning
was Mrs. Torihira, who was coming back from a trip.
Yes.
According to the coroner's report, he was murdered last night,
between ten and eleven o'clock.
By the way, last night, that area was a car chaos.
What's your point?
Yesterday I was at the Kanagawa police station.
The highway home was cut off and the trains were running late.
-There was an accident? - (cell phone)
No, there was no accident.
Yes, yes.
Ah, Takagi.
What's the matter?
What is it?!
That the Azusa has disappeared?
Yes!
It seems that there was a message in the box of cookies.
What are you talking about?!
We have seen that there was no message!
(Think) "You're wrong. There was a hidden message."
"They have hidden it in a place where only the Azusa could find it."
"And the person who sent the package is not Sugihito."
"In fact, he is the real culprit."

"He probably wants the Azusa to cover his shoulders."
"Because he let it slip a while ago... that he's the killer."
But you're an idiot!
You go with the suspect's sister and let him escape from you?
I'm very sorry!
As the young lady has collaborated with us from the beginning,
I didn't imagine that she would escape me.
Think about it: the main suspect of Mr. Torihira's murder...
is his older brother, Sugihito Enomoto.
The Azusa Enomoto loves her very much, her brother,
and will do everything he can to help you.
You haven't thought of this? And what would you have done, Inspector?
She told me that she had to go to the underwear section,
and asked me to wait for her for a while.
Romances!
I would have accompanied her! Of course you would have!
And if I had told her that she had to buy panties
and that she was embarrassed that I was looking at her while she was choosing them?
And if on top of that she had turned a little red while I was telling her?
What would she have done?
Well, I would have left her alone, she's a very smart girl.
And so much.
Tant da!
Let's drop this subject, that's enough.
The important thing is that the main suspect has escaped from us
and we've lost track of him!
Inspector Megure, why are you so sure that Sugihito is the murderer?
So that his fingerprints are on the murder weapon
and, on top of that, he has escaped.
And because we found a shirt of his all stained with blood.
And it turns out that the blood was Mr. Torihira's.
Sugihito's fingerprints were all over the buttons of the shirt.
You can't deny me that everything points to the murderer being...
Ouch!
I'm sorry!
Apa, Conan!
What did you do?
I was thirsty and I took a coke from the fridge,
and when I opened it, it splashed me from top to bottom.
Oh, look.
My elbows and the part under my arms didn't get stained.
Because you had your arms close to your body.
I did.
Close to the body?
Inspector, there's something here that doesn't add up.
What do you mean? Look.
The shirt is stained all over,
even on the elbows and armpits.
From the amount of blood on the shirt,
the rifle must have been fired at point-blank range.
This means that the culprit did not use the scope,
but rather rested on his armpit.
The lower arm and armpit should have been free of stains.
should have been free of stains.
And this shows us that someone stained the shirt on purpose.
No, blood covering the whole shirt is very logical.
Mr. Torihira was not shot several times,
he was hit with the butt of the rifle.
Yes?
Is this true?
I also thought she was shot dead.
But earlier, in the cafe, someone told us just that.
(All) Eh?
Yes, it was the colleague in Sugihito, Mr. Kawase.
He said that Sugihito looked at his rifle barrel with interest.
In other words: he wanted us to know...
that his fingerprints were on this part of the gun.
We believe that the culprit picked up the rifle by the barrel
to hit the victim.
But how did Mr. Kawase know that?
The newspapers have only published that the murder weapon is a rifle.
He knew it because he is the person who hit the victim.
His subconscious has betrayed him because he is the culprit.
But it seemed to me that Mr. Kawase wanted to defend Sugihito.
When he explained everything he did it so that we would know
that the prints were the rifle from before the crime.
Yes, but then he also said that he was very nervous in Sugihito.
And that Mr. Torihira believed that the Azusa's brother was a very competent worker.
was a very competent worker.
But in Kawase he also said
that Mr. Torihira booed her in front of everyone.
It could look like he was defending, but it could also be the opposite.
Yes, but en Sugihito's fingerprints...
have also appeared on the buttons of this shirt.
Another thing we know about Mr. Kawase
is that many days he sleeps over at Sugihito's apartment,
which is closer to work than his.
Of course, if one day he slept over...
and the next day she had to go to work, maybe she took a shirt from him.
If he took her shirt and didn't give it back to her,
he could have put it on to commit the crime and then thrown it away.
Yes, he killed in Torihira...

and threw it in the trash near Sugihito's apartment.
Then why did he run away?
I imagine he ran away because he was advised to do so by Kawase.
He must have told her that the police found his fingerprints on the rifle
and that they think he's the killer.
What if Kawase asked the Azusa to meet him?
And may I know on what basis you say these things?
Nothing, I base it on nothing.
On the cell phone photo?
Sure, a while ago the Azusa told us that last night in Sugihito...
sent her a very nice picture.
In Kawase she received the same photo
and realized that if anyone else saw it, he could be framed.
Don't talk nonsense!
This picture has nothing to do with it.
What's the point of all this? The snow?
In the photo, it looks like it's snowing.
Hey, Chiba, didn't you say before...
that you had trouble yesterday because of the snow?
Oh, yes, I did.
It was yesterday, between 10 and 11 o'clock at night.
I couldn't get home from Kanagawa
because the highway was closed and the trains were late.
Hey!
Isn't it true that Sugihito Enomoto lives in Kanagawa, near his work?
That's right, and it's about an hour's drive from here.
And the crime was committed in an apartment in this neighborhood.
This photo could serve as evidence?
As the snow has paralyzed transportation...
In general, digital photos are not used as evidence.
But if the culprit doesn't know,
perhaps he has sent a message to Sugihito's sister
to meet him somewhere, give him the cell phone...
and he can erase it.
But how did she send it to him, the message?
I'm sure she sent it to him with the box of cookies
that arrived a while ago from Sugihito.
Ran, do you know if today is Azusa's birthday?
Is it?
Well... I wouldn't say so.
Why not?
Because the package had a ribbon with a bow on it,
and that's why I thought it would be a special gift.
If you notice, the other packages don't have any ribbon,
and Azusa, when he saw it, was a bit surprised.
Quick, the ribbon!
Tell me, where did you put it?
In the wastebasket, he threw it away with the wrapping paper.
An abandoned warehouse: Okuho, block 3, building 4.
Send the district police!
-Do you think we'll make it in time?
(Thinking) "No. I don't think we'll make it in time. At least, we will."
(Azusa) Sugihito!
(Azusa) Where are you?
Are you in here?
Sugihito!
Azusa!
Sugihito.
-How did you know I was here? -How did I know?
You sent me a package with the address written on the tape
and asked me to come here.
I sent a message to Kawase to come here.
She says she wants to convince you to turn yourself in to the police,
it's the only way to prove to them that you're innocent.
This doesn't make any sense!
Kawase is the one who has convinced me to run away
and hide in this warehouse.
-What do you mean?
I don't understand.
- (electric snap)
-What did you do to him? -A small shock.
I had to wait two hours for you, Azusa.
But you've finally arrived.
-Waiting for Azusa? -Yes.
Because of that ridiculous picture you sent me yesterday.
That's good.
You did what I told you and took it.
You mean the picture I sent you with the cell phone?
Yes.
It could have been your alibi,
despite my efforts to frame you.
You mean you killed him, Mr. Torihira?
Yes, that's right.
I wanted to get rich and I was going to speculate on company shares.
And I lost a billion yen.
Mr. Torihira found out everything.
He told me that I'd have to pay the debt for the rest of my life.
and so I killed him.
Everything was going according to plan until I received the cell phone photo.
It's your fault: if you hadn't sent it to me,
I wouldn't have any need to kill the Azusa now.
Wait!
If you don't want me to kill her, write a letter confessing to the crime...
and put that rope around your neck.
-You know what you have to do, don't you? -You're... you're a... -You're a...
If you're convincing enough, I'll spare his life.
Fortunately, I don't think he's heard my voice,
and he seems to trust me.
You can start now.
Insult Torihira and say that you don't feel strong enough to continue.
Write a melodrama that will make those idiots cry.

I'm sorry.
It seems to me that it won't make us cry.
This story is no melodrama;
in fact, it's a fake-guilty movie.
If I were you, I'd rewrite the script.
A police officer arrives on the scene just in time
and arrests the culprit.
It looks much better that way.
People like it better if there is a happy ending.
What are the police doing here?
I'm sure no one has followed the Azusa!
I came directly by another route.
But... I can't believe they discovered the message on the tape!
Well, believe it, because someone sent me a message...
telling me that the real culprit would be found here.
But I cannot reveal the name of the person who sent me the message.
He wants to remain anonymous.
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused you.
I've already been scolded at the police station
because I ran away from a police officer.
In the end, everything has been settled.
Everyone knows that your brother is innocent.
And you don't have a café full of dog-faced officers anymore.
What's going on?
How come they're still here?
Ah, it's just that the other day they ordered the pasta dish I had on the menu,
and they liked it so much that now they always come here to eat.
They say they love it!
Mr. Mouri, is something wrong?
Ah.
No.
I'm happy for you.
Fuck.
My coffee, now it looks like a police station.
(laughs)
(thinks) "This stock looks authentic."
This is really big, maybe it's lost.
I'm going to look for it!
Oh, Conan, but where have you gotten to?
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"A grudge hidden behind a mask."

