What?
You're meeting someone now?
But you know what time it is? Yes, yes, I know perfectly well.
As you told us to come at this time,
I thought it was because you wanted to go out to dinner together.
The father told me he was going out to get drunk...
with the owner of Café Poirot and the whole group.
Yes, you know him, your father.
I asked you here because I want you to meet someone.
Eh ?!
(Mouri) Au, well, it's time to finish.
(Phone)
- (fax: whistle) -A fax, now?
What happened?
(Fax: whistle)
Ah!
It can't be!
(Sinichi voice) "A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"A three-way battle between a judo champion,
Kogoro and the Eri."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"The power of mysteries. Part One."
That someone is stalking her?
And it's a woman you already know? Yes.
Some time ago represent her husband in a lawsuit.
He was sued as a result of a car accident
where there was a fairly serious injury.
You remember Yuko Arisawa, the judoka?
You know who I mean, don't you? Of course I know what you mean!
They say that if she hadn't had the accident,
she would have won a gold medal at the Olympics.
She was Japan's champion under 70 kilos.
Don't you find it strange for a woman like her to say that someone is chasing her?
A little, yes.
In fact, she came to see me.
But, actually, it's her husband who's worried.
What's that?
Yuko told me that he's very nervous,
because he's noticed that ever since the accident.
there's someone following him everywhere.
He says he hardly sleeps at night.
Could it be that the victim of the traffic accident is stalking her?
No, I am convinced that it is not.
In the end we reached an amicable settlement with the victim
and she declared that it was her fault.
Besides, she recovered from all the injuries she sustained in the accident.
Ah.
So, who should it be, what's chasing him?
She has tried to convince him that maybe it's his imaginations,
and that there's no one stalking her,
but there's no way to get him to get off his high horse.
That is why she has asked me to come to her house.
If we can make her see that she doesn't even have a tap on her phone,
and there are no cameras anywhere,
maybe we can convince him that it's all his imagination.
But how come you're going, Mrs. Kisaki?
Because... your husband was so happy...
with how I brought the whole arrangement,
she must think that if I tell him that he's not being persecuted, he'll believe it.
No, actually, that's not what I meant. What?
I don't understand why she hasn't passed the case on to Mr. Mouri.
What? Yes, Conan is right!
You, mother, are a lawyer!
On the other hand, the father is a detective!
How come you haven't asked the father to take care of it if...?!
I don't feel like it.
Aaa...
Do you think that's a convincing enough reason?
Of course I don't think it's a convincing reason!
(Thinking, Sinichi sees) "Man, with the nonsense he usually does..."
(Mouri voice) Come on, girls!
Nooo!
He touched me!
(Thinks, sees Sinichi) "Surely it would be a waste of time."
How do you understand this?
He has no problem in helping others,
but instead he is incapable of doing anything for his personal life?
Isn't it about time you forgave your husband, Mrs. Kisaki?
(Think) "It's her, the Yuko Arisawa!"
I think it's impossible right now.
To forgive him, I'd have to prove to myself...

that everything he tells me, he tells me sincerely.
So why doesn't he divorce?
This is a subject that...
At least he gave you a lovely daughter,
and I imagine it can't be that easy.
Wow!
You also have a son?
Ah, no!
He's a friend of ours who's staying with us right now.
Anyway..., what do you say we go home?
I imagine your husband must be waiting for us.
Yes, yes, of course.
I suppose he's back from work by now.
I'd better play a trick on him.
(Mobile: ringtone)
How strange!
He's not answering (mobile: dial tone).
Maybe he's taking a shower.
-Oh, hello!
Where are you king? - (mobile: man) "On a candle."
(mobile: man) "On a candle." What?
On a candle?
(Mobile: man) "Yes, an acquaintance of mine has died...
and I've come to pay my condolences to the family."
"Don't you feel the chanting?"
(Think, see Sinichi) "Why did you put on the loudspeaker?"
"I guess I'll be home late. If you're sleepy, go to sleep."
What do you mean, go to sleep?
Don't you remember?
Today the lawyer is coming to talk about the man you say is chasing you.
(Mobile: man) "Ah, e-was it today?"
Yes.
I'm in her office right now.
I'll pass it to you so you can talk.
Hello.
I'm Mrs. Kisaki, the lawyer.
No, and now!
No, it's okay.
If it has to go wrong, we can meet another day,
I don't mind, but...
Yes.
Yes, of course.
We'll talk later, then.
What's up?
What did he say?
That he'll be home at 5:30 to 5:05 on the 10th.
and that, if I want, we can talk today.
(Conan's voice) He'll be 25 minutes later than they had arranged?
That's very strange, isn't it, coming from Mr. Arisawa?
Yes, Shiro is usually very punctual.
He's not late anywhere, unless it's for some important reason.
Anyway, he must have forgotten that we were supposed to meet today,
with Mrs. Kisaki.
By the way, it's still two hours before it's five and a half to ten.
What do you say, then,
if we have dinner at a hotel restaurant near here?
"I arrived early and went to have a drink at a coffee shop
before coming here, and I parked the car at the hotel."
"Besides, if we have dinner there, parking won't be so expensive for me."
(Kisaki) "Perfect. Is it okay if the two of them come, too?"
(Yuko) "Oh, so much!"
Caram, Ran!
That's how you won the high school karate championship?
I didn't expect that.
I congratulate you.
Thank you, Mrs. Arisawa.
Didn't you win it, too, in your time?
No.
I started to stand out a little later.
I won my first championship when I was already in college.
Also, because of injuries,
my career as an elite judoka only lasted two or three years.
And when I retired, I was already married.
Of course, I couldn't fulfill my dream...
of winning a gold medal against the judoka I admired so much.
And who was the judoka you admired?
The current coach of the Japan team, in Hajime Kajimoto.
"At his time he was unrivaled in the under-81kg category."
In fact, I started judo...
after watching him compete on TV.
Something similar happened to me.
I also do karate because I admire very much
the current Japanese karate champion.
Yes, but... admiration is admiration.
It's the same as looking at a flower from far away.
Then, when you get too close, it's like Icarus,
who lost his wings when he got too close to the sun
and fell into the sea.
You don't realize it and a catastrophe happens....
Forgive me, perhaps I should have spared myself this comment.
No, and now.
I'm so glad I had Ran come today.
What?
I asked you to come so you could get to know each other.
Since you both practice martial arts,
I thought you'd probably have a lot of things in common.
What I didn't imagine at all was that we'd end up having dinner together.
Well, you could have had the father come too!
Or don't you remember, he had also done judo?
Yes, now that you mention it, you're absolutely right.
I had already considered the possibility of having him come.

What?
But he's such a famous detective that I figured
he'd be working on some other case,
and in the end I decided to spare him.
Oh... oh, yeah?
I had no idea.
Don't you think you could have at least told me about it?!
I thought I told you.
Mm!
By the way..., don't you think maybe we should stop by?
Earlier he said it would take us about 10 minutes or so
to get to his house by car.
That's true.
But before we leave, I have to go to the toilet.
- (horns) - (traffic rumble)
Haven't you found it extraordinary,
this mixture of Japanese and Western cuisine?
Yes, molt.
Hi come here very often?
Yes, I try to come once a week.
You must come with your husband.
No, I always come alone, and without saying so there is nothing.
My husband hates experimental cooking.
Oh, he does?
Now I'm not clear where I parked the car.
It is here.
Isn't this one white?
At least the other day, when I saw you and your husband,
they were driving a car just like this one, or very similar.
Yes, that's right.
It is true, it is this one.
If you want I can also accompany Ran and the child.
Going towards my house we passed in front of the detective's agency.
Perfect, thank you very much!
I don't know if you know how to adjust the seat.
There is a lever down here, on the right, to move it,
it goes back and forth.
If you want, you can adjust it to your size.
Yes, don't suffer.
My car is exactly the same as this one.
It won't be long now.
Everybody sitting properly?
Can I start it now? Mm-hm.
Oh, boy!
The parking ticket.
I think I must have lost it.
You'll have to pay as if you've been there all day: 3,000 yen.
Yes, of course, of course!
-Is it all right if I pay half? -No, and now.
It was my fault.
I'm sorry I had to say yes to the children.
-What a shame. It's all right.
Hey, hey, it was Conan who insisted so much, huh?
What's the matter?
If she was the judo champion of Japan,
I'm sure she must have a lot of cups and medals.
Or are you going to tell me now that you don't want to see them?
Yes, of course I want to see them.
I'm already at home!
Oh... my husband's shoes.
It's half past five at 10 o'clock.
In the end it was true that he was so punctual, your husband.
I'll look for him, then.
If you want to wait in the living room... King!
Mrs. Kisaki, the lawyer, has arrived!
(Kisaki) Oh, no!
It's impressive!
What a hand of plaques and trophies!
Yes, it's that when he was in his prime,
he never lost a fight.
They even said he was invincible.
Have you seen this photo? Eh?
See this man next to him, on the right side of the photo?
I think he is that judoka who said he was so good.
It's true, it's Hajime Kajimoto, which was unrivaled.
Yes, and the other one, this one you see on the left,
is Yuko's husband, Shiro Arisawa.
And that boy making the victory sign,
is he the Arisawa's son?
No, no.
This boy is the son of Hajime Kajimoto, in Kouta.
He spent all day at the judo club where I was the coach.
He's a very nice boy.
What about your husband?
How come he doesn't come?
I don't understand, I couldn't find him anywhere.
It's neither in the bathroom nor in the toilet.
Maybe he came home and went out for a moment to buy cigarettes.
to buy cigarettes.
Let's see if he'll pick up my cell phone?
- (mobile: ringtone) - (mobile)
You feel a cell phone.
Yes, I feel it too.
(Mobile)
Wait, do not hang up! Conan!
(Mobile)
(Thinks, sees Sinichi) "It's ringing in here."
Oh, God in heaven!
Nooo!
The victim is Shiro Arisawa, age 37,
a businessman who worked for the Haido company.
He has turned up dead in his house.
You..., Mrs. Yuko Arisawa,
can you confirm that this is your husband?
Yes, of course.
At first glance, everything suggests
that a rope was used to strangle him.
You're right.
But we haven't found the murder weapon yet.
But it could be some fine garment.
Such as a tie, right? (Both) Eh?
It's just that earlier, on the phone,
I sensed he was saying it was on a candle.
So, it's very likely that he was wearing a tie.

Men, when they go to a sailing, usually wear a suit and black tie.
Yes, it's true.
The killer may have taken the victim's tie
and used it to kill him.
And do you know who it was, the person at the candle?
The only thing my husband has told me is that he was an acquaintance of yours
and that he had gone to pay his condolences to the family.
Yes, and to me, on the phone,
I also thought I heard some kind of chanting in the background.
What a ?
You, Ran, did you also talk to the victim on the phone?
No, it's just that before, when I talked to my husband,
I don't really know what I did that I touched the speaker button,
but I didn't mean to.
That's why we heard the whole conversation.
But how come you, your daughter and Conan?
were with Mrs. Yuko Arisawa while you were talking to the victim?
Ah, because...
"The victim, her husband, Shiro Arisawa,
had been a client of mine,
"I had taken a traffic accident case to him."
Since the accident, Mr. Arisawa said...
that there was a person who was harassing her,
and she came to see me about it.
Her husband claimed that someone was watching him and following him.
The truth is that I didn't see it clearly,
because I hadn't noticed anything strange.
That's why I asked our lawyer
to come and see us at home.
Since my husband had a lot of confidence in Mrs. Kisaki, I thought maybe she could help him,
I thought maybe she could prove to him
that we didn't have any tapped phones,
and there were no cameras around the house,
he would be more relaxed and would stop having
what I thought was just paranoia.
And, as I told them,
before we left in Mrs. Kisaki's office,
in fact, this child told her about it,
my husband called me to tell me that he had to go to a candle.
On the phone, her husband said he would be home around 10 o'clock.
"Until that time, we all went to a restaurant and had dinner there.
and then..."
...we came all the way here with your car.
-Do you know what time they got here? -It would be...
She called her husband
that it would be about half past two at eight o'clock.
"And right after that we went to the restaurant."
"We finished dinner around 9 o'clock and came all the way here."
"So, I estimate that we arrived at Mrs. Arisawa's house...
at half past five at 10 o'clock."
And how did you find her husband's body locked up in there?
-Was it by chance? -Actually, I've been looking for him.
"Since I couldn't find him, I decided to hit him on the cell phone."
(Cell phone)
"And we heard it ringing in here."
All right, well, if I've got it right,
he said he wouldn't arrive until two quarters to 10,
but he's half an hour early.
"We calculate the time of death to have been 9:00 p.m."
"This means he must surely have been home by now."
Therefore, there is a possibility...
that this person he said was following him..,
even if it's close by.
It is likely that the murderer was hiding inside the house,
waiting for Mr. Arisawa to return..,
to catch him unawares and kill him.
And you hadn't noticed anything strange?
Hadn't you ever seen her, the person your husband was following?
No, not really.
In fact, if you don't know who you're talking to, it's normal that you don't understand.
What does she mean?
Who is it?
I thought you already recognized him.
It's Yuko Arisawa,
the one who was Japan's judo champion
in the under 70 kilogram category.
That's right!
She is the former judo champion of Japan!
Now that you mention it, your face really does ring a bell.
Yes, that's me.
But it's strange that her husband suffered so much because he was being followed,
having a bodyguard like her so close.
Yes, it's true.
And couldn't it be that the one following him was...
the victim of that traffic accident?
No, I would almost rule that out.
It could also be that the killer broke into her house just to steal.
What are you doing, Conan?! I don't know if you've noticed that.
Have you seen the ring finger on the left hand?
She was obviously wearing a ring, and it's missing.
Yes, you're right.

This is not the finger where you usually put the wedding ring?
-He always wore it, the wedding ring? -Yes, of course.
Wow, how strange!
I don't understand that...
The wedding ring has disappeared,
but he still wears this expensive-looking watch instead.
They didn't take it away.
Ouch!
I'm sorry, excuse me.
I know he should be watching.
If they didn't take the watch, they didn't kill him for the money.
I-I guess not.
Anyway, what we'll do for now is finish inspecting the house.
If it doesn't do anything to you, you can wait in another room?
And to think that it all started
by that person who followed her husband...
I feel sorry for Yuko.
Yes, of course I feel.
And maybe it's still a little early
to insinuate that she may have had something to do with it.
What?!
What-what do you mean by that, that Yuko might be the killer?
She could be.
It's still a possibility, isn't it?
But we were told that her husband was killed today at 9:00 p.m.,
which is the time we left the restaurant.
Yuko has been with us the whole time.
No, I remind you that she left us for a while to go to the bathroom,
just before we left the restaurant.
But she was there for 10 minutes, at most.
And besides, her husband, then, was at the candle.
You mean maybe she called him to tell him something?
No, no, that's not what I mean.
In fact, when Inspector Takagi...
"...checked the Yuko's husband's phone records,
"He said the last call he received was at 7:28..,
which is the call she made to him from my office."
So, why do you say she could be the murderer?
So that the call she made from my office
may have been a simulation.
What a ?!
At the time she called him,
her husband had usually already come home from work.
But she didn't call him on his home phone, which would be more normal,
but decided to call him on his cell phone.
Don't you find that suspicious?
Besides, I also have the impression that she has put the speakerphone on specifically,
so that we could all feel the conversation.
On a candle?
On a candle?!
(Mobile: man) "Yes, an acquaintance of mine has died."
You mean it's not your imagination?
After a while he let you talk to him.
When you spoke, it was her husband's voice, wasn't it?
Yes, it would be very difficult for it to have been a set-up.
You are right.
(Thinking, Sinichi sees) "It's true."
"If I had had the voice recorded and made it ring on the phone,
it would have been relatively easy to simulate a conversation with the husband."
"But then it would have been impossible
for me to have a conversation with Mrs. Kisaki."
"Someone could have imitated her voice over the phone, but...
"Like they had talked a lot because of the traffic accident,
it would have been very difficult to fool her."
"This means that, if it's true that she called her husband..."
- "(mobile: chanting)"
(Mobile: man) "I have come to pay my condolences to the family."
"Don't you feel the chanting?"
(Think, see Sinichi) "Could the Yuko have planned the murder,
not knowing where the candle was?"
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!
Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
What?
We give the father a trick, then?
Before doing this, I'd sell my soul to the devil.
(Sinichi voice, thinks) "Does he really mean it?"
- (phone: Mouri) "It's my turn!" - What?
What do you say?
(Mouri) "Excuse me, it's just that I'm playing majong with some neighbors."
That's why I asked you, or rather I advise you...,
that you confess that it was you... who strangled him.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"The power of mysteries. Part two."

