"While waiting in Ran's mother's office,
"We met Yuko Arisawa,
Japan's former judo champion in the under-70-kilogram category."
"On Shiro Arisawa, Yuko's husband," Ran said,
"I had arranged to meet Mrs. Kisaki, Ran's mother,
"because he thought someone had been following him for a long time,
"But it turned out that Shiro had had to go on a sail.
and they had to postpone the meeting to five-thirty ten in the evening."
"And when we arrived at Arisawa's house
there we found Shiro dead, strangled."
"Both myself and Mrs. Kisaki began to find it suspicious,
Yuko's behavior."
"The problem is that she has a very solid alibi.
because, at the time of the murder, she was having dinner with us."
"The only time she had to commit the murder
was the 10 minutes he was in the washroom."
"Could Shiro have killed in such a short time?
if he didn't even know where the candle was being held?"
"A crisis that seems to have no way out."
"An unexpected return that will unravel everything."
"The teamwork of Kogoro and the Eri
makes the case take a spectacular turn."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Zettai Zetsumei kanjou no arashi ga
totsuzen araware juwaki wo nigiru!
Do not stop Reise ni negatteru koto na no?
Say good bye omowazu tsugete Shimai sueldo!
Nukedasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni!
Subete ga riezon Mune no oku de I need you baby sakenderu.
Every night Gimon ga semeteiru KEDO.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

Tobidasa na kereba ushinai takunai my donde mind.
Konno ni mo aishite iru no ni.
Doko ka Faraway Do you mind if I open the door?
Sakenderu.
Every night Fuan to tatakau kokoro.
Chant kikoeru Love forever and only one.
Anata no koe de just next stage resume and revive!

"The power of mysteries. Part two."
Maybe at home they have call forwarding.
It's also possible that Yuko called him here from your office
and the call was forwarded to her cell phone.
That's what happens when the phone rings for a while and no one picks it up.
No.
I'm telling you, this is totally impossible.
It can't be, because before you arrived in my office,
I called, here.
I called them to confirm if it was all right for them to come.
And the call didn't go through.
After a while it went to voicemail.
Hm?
So, maybe her husband hadn't come home yet...
and she called him directly on his cell phone.
The call is not the only thing that worries me.
Near where the body was found, there is the door to access the garage.
"I noticed that there was a bag of trash
that seemed very strange to me, very suspicious."
What?
I didn't see it.
Maybe they had it there because it's easier to get it out from there.
No.
The problem is not where it was, but what was inside.
At the bottom of the bag they found a very large amount
"of matchboxes from the Western/Japanese fusion restaurant
Japanese fusion restaurant where we went for dinner."
"As she doesn't smoke,
she probably took them home to her husband."
He was a heavy smoker.
And that means he was also a customer at that restaurant,
and that he went there very often.
But how is it that she told us
that her husband hated experimental cooking
and that she always went alone and without telling him, in the restaurant?
I have an idea, why don't you ask dad to give you a hand?
What? Maybe he'll figure something out.
Before I do this, I'd sell my soul to the devil.
He-he! (thinks) "Does he really mean it?"
What?
That the phone was bugged?
And you're sure?
Yes, there was someone watching the victim and following him.
We have no doubt.
There were two significant objects on the victim's clothing.
What are they? One has surprised us a lot.
"We found it in a pocket of the pants he was wearing."
Look, it's the wedding ring.
What?!
This means that it wasn't stolen, and we had already taken it for granted.
No.
He had taken it off for some reason and put it in his pocket.

Wow... And the other object, what is it?
Yes, in the pocket of the jacket we found this, a black tie.
That's interesting.
Couldn't it be the murder weapon, this?
No, it couldn't.
First of all, because it doesn't have any wrinkles.
In fact, it hasn't even been taken out of the bag, it's still unworn.
So, we've ruled out it being the murder weapon, right?
Yes.
What's that?
We give the father a trick, then?
He said he was going out tonight with the owner of the Café Poirot
and that whole gang,
but the time it is, I'm sure he's not drunk yet.
What do you feel, mother?
Say something... Go on...
Shut up!
Will you do me the favor of not talking to me more...!
(ringing tone)
Ah, hello, Father.
Soc Ran.
I'm calling to tell you that mother wanted to tell you something.
(Kogoro) "Who?! The Eri?!" He has.
"Eeei!"
(thinks) "I doubt it'll do any good."
Hi, it's me.
In fact, it's nothing very important, but....
Well, if it's not very important, may I know why you're calling me?!
Eh?
Hold on, hold on!
Don't hang up yet!
He-he!
(Kogoro) "Yes, yes, I understand."
"So, you say that you suspect the former judo champion of Japan,
"But when the murder took place, she was with you,
"And since you didn't know where the candle was where the victim had gone,
you say it's impossible for her to have committed it, the murder;
Is that it?"
Yes, yes.
"Then it's very easy. This woman is innocent."
-What? - "It's obvious."
"She has a very solid alibi, and there's one very important detail,
which is that you yourself spoke to the victim on the phone."
Yes, but there are other things...
that make me suspect that it might have been her.
- "It's my turn!" - What?
What are you saying?
"Sorry, sorry, I'm playing mahjong with some neighbors."
"Anyway, I've already told you."
"To find the culprit, I advise you to look elsewhere."
What?
Has he told you anything interesting, the father?
That he's playing mahjong, to look elsewhere.
But I know very well he's not playing mahjong.
He played me a recording.
I know because I had used it a lot of times,
when I was a police inspector.
It was exactly the same noise he played me back then.
I don't get it.
What do you mean by the recording?
It's very easy.
When your father doesn't want me to know where he is, for whatever reason,
or he wants to hang up on me right away, he always puts me...
Of course he does.
Your husband didn't want me to know where he was.
(Thinks, sees Shinichi) "Now I understand why she did all that."
"Surely she already knew that her husband used that trick,
and she used it against him."
We still have a few points to clarify,
but it's possible that the person who was following him
and who had his phone tapped, knew that no one was at home.
In Shiro has returned from the sail and found what was harassing her here,
they started to fight,
the killer grabbed Shiro's tie and strangled her.
It is also possible that Shiro did not have his tie and ring on
because he was about to enter the shower.
Ah, of course!
The man who was following him would perhaps be hiding in the bathroom!
"In Shiro has found him and choked him with the tie he had taken off."
Yes, this all makes a lot of sense.
Now the only question we have left to answer
is why Shiro was wearing a brand new black tie in his jacket pocket.
in his jacket pocket.
Perhaps someone had asked him to buy it for him.
Candles are always unexpected acts.
Maybe a friend of his had to come straight from work and asked him to buy it.
and asked you to buy one,
and he couldn't make it for whatever reason.
Yes, that's possible.
This would explain his carrying a tie in his jacket pocket.
Be that as it may, around 9 p.m,
which is the time the murder was committed,
"We, my daughter, Conan and I, were just finishing dinner..."
with Yuko Arisawa, Shiro's wife,
at a restaurant 10 minutes drive from here.
So, since we had nothing to do, we can go.
Ah, yes, yes, of course.
Now the most important thing is to go and ask the neighbors.

if they saw anyone leaving the Arisawa's house around that time.
Come on, look for work.
D'acord.
-Mrs. Arisawa. -What?
Can I talk to you for a moment in the living room, in private?
Of course you can.
Go right ahead.
What did you want to tell me?
Article 42, bar zero one of the Penal Code.
What's that?
It says that the person guilty of a crime
who surrenders before the police present any incriminating evidence,
is entitled to a reduced sentence.
Therefore, I have to ask you, or rather, advise you, to confess that you were the one who committed the crime,
to confess that it was you who strangled him.
W-what is this, a joke?
I remind you of what you said before,
that at 9 o'clock, at the same time as the murder took place,
I was with you after dinner at the hotel restaurant...
and we were about to come here.
Yes, but before you left you went to the washroom, don't you remember?
No-I've only been there 10 minutes.
What do you want me to have done, in such a short time?
In 10 minutes, pretending you were going to the toilet,
you could have left the restaurant, gone to kill your husband.
and have returned to the restaurant perfectly well.
A person like you, who was a former Japanese judo champion...
and who is a trainer in a judo club..,
could have had time to do all this.
This doesn't make any sense.
I-I would have had to make my husband go to the hotel to do it,
and I had no idea where he was, that candle.
It has not been necessary to make him go to the hotel, because when they have spoken,
your late husband was already there, in the hotel.
That it was already in the hotel?
If you felt it yourself, you said it on the phone,
he himself told you that at that moment he was in the candle.
(Shiro) "... I came to pay my condolences to the family."
- "Don't you feel the chanting?" - "# Nam myoho... #"
I hope you won't tell me you didn't feel it.
-The chanting was a graveling. -Oh!
They were to hide the affair I was having.
The affair?!
My ex-husband used the same trick on me
when he was a police inspector.
He would play me a recording of police car sirens over the phone and say:
"I just got a case, I'll be home late today,
don't wait for me to go to sleep."
The truth is that the pig was getting drunk in a girl's club!
Mother... I don't know why he gets like that.
But listen, just because-your husband did this kind of thing to you,
doesn't mean that my husband did them too.
Tell me one thing, Mrs. Arisawa, you, before you get in the shower,
do you take off your wedding ring and put it in your pocket?
"It would make much more sense
if you had taken it off to go see someone else, don't you think?"
And there's also an explanation for the brand new tie he was wearing.
"He had bought it to wear before going home,
to make it look like it came from the sail."
But what happened is that, before he could put it on,
you strangled him with the other tie he had taken off.
"Another proof is the matchboxes
"That we found in the garbage bag
next to the garage door."
"Your husband, who is a smoker, had been carrying them from the hotel."
You have also told us that you go to that restaurant regularly,
once a week.
And that means that you both went there regularly.
Why did you tell us that you always went alone?
I always come alone, and without saying so, there is nothing.
My husband hates experimental cooking.
So it's true that you went alone,
but your husband was always accompanied.
"You knew that, because you had seen them."
"I had seen your husband more than once dining with another woman."
"And I knew that after dinner they always left at the hotel."
"I also knew that tonight they had a date."
"She had tapped the phones in her house
"And he'd made up the story about the man who was following him,"
so that he could have the perfect excuse to invite us
to dinner at the hotel restaurant tonight.
"When he is called to her husband from my office,
"You already knew that I would play some recording for him.
"That I would have prepared to give him some excuse,
"And you also knew that I would tell him that I'd be home late tonight
and not to wait for you."

"Then, at the time you have calculated....
"That the husband would come out of there where he was with the woman who was cheating on her,
"He told us that he had to go to the bathroom,
and waited for her in the parking lot where he knew she had her car parked."
"And she strangled him."
"She then put him in the trunk of her car
and went back to the restaurant as if nothing had happened."
"Then he took us all back to his house,
us and the corpse of her husband."
"She told us to wait here in the living room," he said,
"And she took the opportunity to take the body out of the trunk...
and to place it in the place where we have found it."
"Finally she called him because we found the body."
What, then?
How wrong am I with my theory?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
The truth is that the story is quite convincing.
No proof?
The proof will surely be found in the hotel parking lot.
"Your husband, when he was getting ready to go home, must have gone alone."
"Otherwise, you would not have been able to kill him."
And, of course, this means that we must assume
that the car your husband was driving must still be in the parking lot.
For if your late husband had used his mistress's car
to get in and out of the hotel,
you certainly wouldn't have chosen the parking lot to commit the crime.
You would have risked being seen.
"The garage at his house only has room for one car."
"Therefore, he had rented a car without saying there is nothing you."
Then you have it very easy.
Just go look at the hotel parking lot.
And if you don't find it, no matter how good a lawyer you are,
you'll never be able to accuse me of all this stuff you're making up!
Listen.
Aren't you a very good judoka and you know a lot?
What? What are you doing, Conan?!
Shut up!
It's just that I'd like you to teach me a technique.
What? Yes, the technique you use.
Yes, the technique that you use...
to use your opponent's attack to your advantage to knock him to the ground.
"You use your opponent's strength to your advantage."
(Think) "You use your opponent's strength to your advantage."
Conan, may I know what you intend?
Another thing, didn't Mrs. Arisawa teach us before
how to adjust the car seat?
I don't know if she knows how to adjust the seat.
There is a lever down here, on the right, to move it,...
It goes back and forth.
If you want you can adjust it to your size.
Now I understand.
The car with which you drove us here from the hotel,
it's the same car your husband used to go to the hotel, isn't it?
Oh!
That's why when we got in, he did that whole comedy thing
showing me how to adjust the seat.
Your husband is shorter and smaller than you,
so it's normal for him to have a different size car seat.
If he had adjusted the seat when he sat down, it would have looked very suspicious,
it would have looked very suspicious, or am I wrong?
"This would also explain why you had to touch the rearview mirror."
And in this way we should also not be at all surprised
that when we pulled into the parking lot it took her so long to find the car.
"He probably followed her around the parking lot
while he didn't see her and without paying much attention to where they were going."
"He then took the opportunity to get into the car with him and strangled her."
"He then ran back towards the restaurant, without wasting any time,"
and he couldn't even look at the number of the parking space where the car was parked.
If you stop to think about it, it's very curious, the whole thing.
You, in fact, invited us to have dinner at the hotel's restaurant
because you said that this way the parking would not be so expensive.
"But, in addition to not showing the parking ticket?
"When he went to pay the bill for dinner,
"When we came out of the parking lot, it turned out, in a very timely manner,
that he had lost the ticket."
Don't you find that very curious, all of it?
When he said he had lost the ticket,
what she really meant was that she wasn't sure...
where her husband had put it, right?
If her husband was the type to put things away randomly,
"It could be behind the driver's sun visor or inside the ashtray."
"If we look hard enough,"
I'm sure we'll find the hotel parking ticket.

with her husband's fingerprints.
This would prove, without a doubt,
that her husband was also at the hotel tonight.
"If we look in the trunk of the car we will also find evidence
that she has transported her corpse, probably her husband's hair."
"It is also very possible
"That we find the necktie she used to strangle him
and his shoes."
"As for the shoes that we found at home when we arrived,"
it is very easy that you left them behind.
Therefore, I advise you to turn yourself in....
before the police find all this evidence.
-To the sock on the left leg. -What?
Now I just remembered.
It's where my husband used to keep the parking tickets:
inside the sock;
if you look for it there, you'll surely find it.
So, it's true that you have....
But why did you do it?
How could someone like you have done this just for a fling?
If it was just a fling,
you could have solved it by divorcing me,
but your mistress was Kajimoto's wife,
and that, I couldn't allow.
Mr. Kajimoto is that judoka
you said you admired so much, isn't he?
That should have given him more reason to try to work it out.
I guess you must have known each other well, you and Kajimoto's wife.
Yes.
There was a time when my husband and I went there quite often,
at the Kajimoto's house.
"He had a lovely wife and son."
"They were the perfect family."
"But my husband had to spoil everything."
When I thought of the pain it would have caused if it were discovered,
I knew I had to do something,
and that it wasn't enough to divorce me.
I know I shouldn't have been so intimate.
I wish we hadn't gone to the Kajimoto's house.
That way my husband and his wife would not have met.
If I had kept the admiration I felt for him to myself, all this wouldn't have happened,
all this wouldn't have happened.
-That's just suppositions. What?
Couldn't it be that the only thing your husband was seeking
was more attention from you?
What?
The recording trick usually only works two or three times.
And he must have known that.
"And for him to take so many matchbooks home from the restaurant,
it's like he was telling her that he was going every other time, too."
What do you mean, my husband wanted me to know he was having an affair?!
Yes, he was jealous because, even though you married him,
you were still thinking about Kajimoto.
Th-that's impossible!
"He went too far, angered her, got burned...
and it cost him his life."
This time it was the sun that ended up burning Icarus' wings,
in reality, was you.
You solved the case thanks to the father.
What?
Yes, thanks to the tapes.
It was just a coincidence.
A stroke of luck, nothing more.
Well, I'm not sure.
It could also be
that I dropped it as a hint, because I wanted to help you.
And now!
What are you saying?
That's impossible.
Maybe he was ashamed to tell you directly.
You can tell.
Ask her, if you want to know the truth.
(Ringing tone)
Ah, okay.
Maybe it's okay for me to tell her that the case is solved.
- (Kogoro) "Yes?" - Hello, it's me.
-I'm calling to talk to you about the case. "Ah!"
"(uproar)"
"Aaa... Excuse me, I-I'm still playing mahjong!"
What an idiot!
Are you still using the recordings?
(Woman) "Come on, Kogoro, hurry up!"
- (Kogoro) "Fuck!" - (interference)
"Hey, don't you think..."
What?
What I was saying, it was just a coincidence.
What?
But-but how do you know?
Mother!
Wait, wait!
("Naifu")

Furitsuzuku yuki no naka,
Kasa wo sashite kimi ni ay ni iku hajimete
jibun igai ni taisetsuna mono.
Honk de mamoritai YOI tono
furikaeru machi ni chikatta.
Tachidomaranai Younes mata arukidasu kimi ga matteiru kara....
Koigokoro kagayakinagara
mata yume wo Miru koto ni kimeta.
Juuyonnenme ni shite jibun mueve ichido risetto
shite saisei shitemiru yo!
Kimorebi ga Niji ni atatte yureteiru.
Jikan ha yasashiku zankoku ni hohoemu,
Kagiri aru Unmei no naka!

Kimi dake wo Zutter kokoro ni dakishimete!
(Snores)
How strange.
Your father's already back.
I can see that.
But I don't care.
He's a dirty old man.
(Thinking, Shinichi sees) "I get it."
"He found the recording so quickly that he didn't go to the party."
"He fell asleep here, on the table,
and left the tape here on top of it."
"Then, on the second call, he played the tape again, but..."
(Recording: woman) "Come on, Kogoro, hurry up!"
(Man) "Next, at Kogoro Mouri,
a good friend of the groom, will make us his speech."
(Kogoro) "Thank you!"
"It's already bad luck that he got this piece of the recording."
"Very bad luck."
No, no.
Change that you don't get entangled.
Don't be fooled.
Do the best you can.
"You too."
(Woman) Aaaah !!!
Almost all the neighbors have alibis.
The only thing that didn't open the door when we knocked on the door
although it was obvious that he was at home, is the neighbor of the second one.
Wow!
What if this was an ambush?
No.
I don't think he has prepared... any ambush.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The truth about the urban legend. Part One."

