(Dog: barks and howls)
(Dog: bark)
(Girl: call)
(Shinichi voice) "Love is eternal, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"An urban legend that's got everyone's head spinning."
"Be careful, long-haired women!"
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a kid, but he's got the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo nimo soba ni iru noni boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara.
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

(Conan voice) "The truth about the urban legend. Part one."
(Snorts)
Good night, my friend.
You lost something?
Hey, hey... wait a minute.
I don't bite, man.
(snorts) Hey?
Hey, Ran.
Did you hear?
This Hammer Man thing.
I heard so much.
It was on the morning news.
Apparently he was seen in the park next door last night.
Yes.
He's a tall man who's over six feet tall.
And so far he's attacked four women with long hair.
Yes.
Like teus.
I don't think it's funny, Sonoko.
Yeah, but you'd stun him with a karate chop.
I'm not so sure about that.
If he attacked me suddenly and in the dark...
What a guy!
He's a danger to women.
I'm sure it won't take the police long to find him.
Look at him! (At the same time) What?
Speaking of the police, there are Inspectors Takagi and Sato.
That's right!
I'll ask them how the Hammer Man investigation is going.
Just a moment.
What?
Xxxt! Eh?
What?
It seems to me that I didn't feel you right.
Well, I'll tell you again: give me a kiss.
What?
-Right now, the ones from debò. But what...?
What?
Come on, hurry up!
Make up your mind at once!
Yes.
Come on, let's go.
With your permission...
Who's watching?
Isn't he?
Donkey!
Who would think of interrupting a moment like this?
It's just that the inspectors were staring at that block of flats with a frightened look on their faces.
that block of apartments with a frightened look on their faces.
I noticed that on one of the floors of the second floor
someone was hiding behind a curtain.
Then, all of a sudden, Inspector Sato...
put her hands on Inspector Takagi's shoulders,
and I imagined that they wanted to pose as a bride and groom,
to prevent the person they were watching
suspected that they were from the police;
Is that so?
-That's right!
You are very observant.
So this is what it was...
-Of course.
What did you think? -Nothing.
I'm sorry I disturbed you while you were watching.
At Conan I shouldn't have told them anything.
And now, on the contrary.
He did us a favor.
-A favor?
-Yes.
If she sees us with two girls and a little boy,
she'll never know we're watching her.
Not even the Man in the Martell.
What?
-The man with the hammer? -Haven't you seen the news?
Last night a witness saw the Man with the Hammer roaming the neighborhood.
Yeah. Yeah, they said so this morning.
In fact, the man who saw him...
...followed him unnoticed and saw...
that the Man with the Hammer was entering this block of apartments.
What?! What?!
In fact, we came as soon as we could..,
when we were alerted and knocked door to door.
Almost all the neighbors have an alibi.
The only one who didn't open the door when we knocked, even though it was obvious he was home, is the neighbor on the second floor,
although it was obvious that he was at home, is the neighbor on the second floor, the one who lives in the middle floor,
the one who lives on the middle floor.
Why don't they just come in?
Ask the owner for the key!
We can't do that!
We need a court order.
But are you sure that the person who lives there is the Man with the Hammer?
(At the same time) Eh?
Maybe it's not the real one, but an impersonator.
No, he is no impersonator: last night,
when the witness saw him and spoke to him...
Eh?

Good night, my friend.
That you lost something?
...before running for your legs,
he threw the bloody hammer on the ground.
We analyzed it and found traces of blood
from the three previous victims.
Well, I find that the witness must have been in good shape.
Especially since they say that the Man with the Hammer
can run a hundred meters in eleven seconds.
No, that's an urban legend!
He doesn't really run that fast.
Just think that the witness was drunk
and was still able to follow him.
So, if he has found the apartment he may also know who lives there, right?
The problem is that the owner of the apartment
hung his backpack on his back and went out into the world.
We called his parents and they told us
that the boy had left the apartment to a friend of his to live in
to live in while he was away.
And you don't know who is the friend of this boy who now lives in the apartment?
Well... from what the next door neighbor has told us,
he was living with his girlfriend for a while,
but it seems that lately the girl doesn't go there anymore
and he spends the day locked up at home, and only comes out at night.
And always with a hood or a cap.
That's why he couldn't describe the face he makes.
- (Chiba) Sato!
Takagi!
(Takagi) -Huh?
Chiba!
(Chiba) What?
You say they've entered the apartment?
Is it these three?
Yes, we were watching the building's entrance from afar...
and we saw these three people going in and out of the apartment...
at ten-minute intervals.
I suppose you notified Inspector Megure, didn't you?
Yes.
Let's see, what were you doing on that floor?
What do you mean?
I just went to pick up the package
that I was told to pick up on the phone.
Me too: I went to pick up on my motorcycle...
the package that the tenant of the apartment had left for me.
I came to bring him the pizza he had ordered.
I'm fine.
And have any of you seen the man who lives in the apartment?
I haven't.
I haven't been able to talk to him.
I found a note stuck to the floor, where it said:
"I'm in bed with a cold,
come in and take the cardboard box you'll find on the table."
The form was filled out
and the money was in an envelope on top of the box.
-I understand.
What about you?
-I haven't spoken either.
I also found a note at the entrance with instructions.
It said:
"The package you have to pick up is the backpack you'll find on the table."
I already had the recipient's address, he gave it to me on the phone.
Yes, I also found instructions for delivering the pizza.
There it said that the money was in an envelope on the table,
and asked me to leave the pizza in the same place.
And that was it.
-So a cold, right?
-Yes.
When we spoke on the phone, his voice sounded a little hoarse.
-Yeah, me too.
So did I.
Strange, why did he have all three of you come so close together?
Chiba, if I'm not mistaken,
there were two agents guarding the entrance with you, right?
Yes, the two officers who were guarding with me...
went to interrogate the two couriers...
and I intercepted the last one, the delivery man.
So now there are no agents guarding the building's entrance?
-Chiba, take care of these people.
-Okay.
Every time someone goes in and out of his house,
a police officer must stop
to ask him what he has gone to do
and will momentarily leave his place.
In addition, you know that the officer who goes?
is what the person has seen directly.
What he intended to do was to distract the agents who were watching his house
so that he could flee without being seen.
There is a piece of paper in front of the door.
He didn't touch the pizza.
I knew it: he ordered it so he could escape.
Hey, Sato!
Just after Chiba went to talk to the delivery man,
the agent who had gone to intercept the courier from the van
came back and continued to watch the site in Chiba.
He says he did not see anyone leave the apartment.
No?
So the Man with the Hammer...?
Wow!
What if this was an ambush?
No.
I don't think he set up any ambush.
Has he committed suicide?
Don't worry, I think he's still breathing.
-Takagi, call an ambulance! Yes!
I see what you mean.
He was wearing his coat and cap and had everything ready to run away,

but he saw that it would be impossible and decided to commit suicide.
But just before he was to die by strangulation
the rope must have come undone and he fell to the ground unconscious.
I don't think he wanted to kill himself.
What?
Look, take a good look at his neck.
The rope hardly left any marks.
It's... it's true.
Besides, there's the cap.
Someone who wanted to commit suicide wouldn't wear a cap
that would get in the way of tying the rope around his neck.
Then why the door?
Wow!
This is... What does it mean?
It means that someone has tried to murder the Man with the Hammer.
And the attacker was
one of the three people who have entered the apartment.
- (phone: dial tone) -Chiba?
Only three people entered the Hammer Man's apartment, right?
"Yes, three."
Can you ask them to come here?
I have to ask them some questions.
It's just that the three of them told me they were very busy
and they asked me to ask them later, when they get off work.
"I let them go a while ago."
What a ?
(Think) "Fantastic..."
Let me get this straight.
While we were watching the Hammer Man's apartment,
three people came in.
Did you imagine that the Man with the hammer
had used them to mislead the police so that he could flee
and entered the apartment,
where he found the suspect lying on the floor, victim of a seizure,
unconscious and seriously injured.
Everything seems to indicate that the culprit
is one of the three people you had already arrested,
but as this possibility did not cross his mind,
he thanked them and let them go.
What?
I'm not wrong, am I? No.
-No.
-And now.
You're just... idiots!
How many years have you been doing this job?
(All three) Sorry, it won't happen again.
And then?
Can any of you describe these people to me?
Yes.
Let's see, just a moment.
They were the van courier, the motorcycle courier...
and the pizza delivery guy.
Conan!
What are you doing here?
Yes, it's just that we bumped into each other by chance.
I'd say that the van courier
was a tall, burly, six-foot-tall man;
the motorcycle messenger,
a short woman, not quite six feet tall,
and the delivery man, a slender man of about 5'6".
Conan is much more efficient than all of you put together.
Which no longer surprises me.
Yes, isn't it?
But what motive could anyone have...
for wanting to hurt the Man with the Hammer?
I figure the culprit must be a person
related to one of Hammer Man's four victims,
who has sworn that he would take revenge.
None of them are dead, but all four are seriously injured.
In short: the culprit has sensed on the news....
that there has been a new attack.
He has seen some men who looked like police officers
guarding this block of apartments,
he entered pretending to be someone else so as not to arouse suspicions
and assaulted her;
he must have gone like that.
And you let them leave without asking their names?
Yes... The three of them said they had left a receipt in the apartment...
with their name and the details of the company where they work.
Well, we only found the receipt from the pizzeria.
What's that?
Oh, yeah? You, Chiba...
But at least we have the receipt from the pizzeria.
If we play a trick on them, they'll tell us if the delivery man is the culprit or not.
"What do you mean? That he hasn't come back yet?"
"The man who came to bring the pizza is not back yet?"
No, we received the call from that block of apartments...
and he left the store about forty minutes ago.
"He should have been back by now, but..."
"What happened to our delivery man, Inspector?"
No, don't worry.
There's still another possibility.
The culprit has posed as the tenant of this apartment
and ordered a pizza over the phone.
When the delivery man arrived, he forced him to stop,
put on his clothes
and impersonated him in order to get into the apartment.
Is it possible?
So, the courier and the girl on the motorcycle came by chance?
Or as a camouflage maneuver.
It would be strange if only the delivery man had come.
All three said they were called by a man with a hoarse voice.

Perhaps he did this expressly to avoid being identified.
The delivery man, who arrived last,
could have taken the receipts of the two couriers
to make them disappear.
Do you mean to say that this makes a lot of sense?
Because when the courier arrived in the van
he found a note in the driveway that said:
"I am in bed with a cold, come in and do what you have to do."
He has entered and has taken the cardboard box.
The pizza delivery man arrived last,
he couldn't leave the note on the floor.
It's true, the only thing that could have left the note...
is the courier who arrived first.
So he didn't come to pick up a package.
He pretended to be a messenger to sneak into the apartment,
attacked the Man with the Hammer and, before he left,
he left the note stuck to the floor so that the motorcycle messenger girl
and the pizza delivery man also got in.
So we would have at least three suspects.
But if it had gone the way you say it did,
we would have found the motorcycle driver's receipt.
Of course we would!
The only ones who could have taken the receipts of the two couriers
are the girl on the motorcycle and the pizza delivery guy.
But if the culprit is the delivery man,
how come he only left his own receipt?
Because the only thing that could destroy the receipt of the pizzeria was him,
who arrived last.
Maybe he left it expressly to mislead.
Yes, why not? Oh, my goodness!
Which of the three suspects is the culprit?
To save time,
what do you say we let the other agents look for the suspects.
and in the meantime we canvass this floor?
We still haven't found any evidence
to prove that the Man with the Hammer lived here.
We should be pretty sure.
Yeah, you're right.
Au, search the floor from end to end!
(Policemen) Yes!
What, Takagi, you found something?
Not yet, no.
Nothing worthwhile.
But I was struck by the fact
that the toilet and bathtub are so clean.
Too clean, perhaps? (At the same time) What?
I say this because look: the dining room has things strewn all over the place.
Don't you find it strange that the sink is clean as a whistle?
Besides, the razor is the sink.
The razor?
It's an electric model, but it's not plugged in.
And I'm also surprised that there's shampoo, soap and toothpaste....
and the toothbrush is missing.
-You're right. Something's not right.
And that's really weird. (At the same time) What?
Look at the bathtub drain.
It's spotless, there's not a single hair in it.
-And now! -Really?
I'm sorry...
I tripped and lost my balance.
No, it was me.
(Coughs)
We were talking about the drain, right?
Let's see?
Yes, it does attract attention.
How come this bathtub is so clean?
"Give me a kiss."
"Right now, the real ones."
"Come on, hurry up, make up your mind at once."
-Inspector Megure! -Ouch!
What's that?
I just found a blood-stained glove!
Yes?
Where did you find it?
Here, I took out what was in the washer and dryer...
and among the dirty clothes there was this glove.
(Thinking) "So, this proves that the tenant of this apartment...
was the Man with the Hammer."
"And which of the three people who have passed through here...
is the one who attacked the Man with the Hammer?"
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

Chiba, did you ever get to watch with Inspector Sato?
I won't forget it as long as I live.
That warm feeling...
You say what?!
No Hammer Man.
Turns out it doesn't exist.
So... Sonoko!
This strange dance seems...
(Sonoko voice) We've all danced from the beginning to the sound of Hammer Man.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The truth about the urban legend.
Part Two '."

