"He only attacks long-haired women... with a hammer."
"That's why they call him... the Hammer Man."
"A witness saw him enter
into a block of apartments now guarded by the police."
"Officers Takagi and Sato are in charge of surveillance."
"While posing as a couple in love.
"In order not to arouse suspicion, Agent Chiba warns them....
"That 3 people have entered the suspect's apartment
within minutes of each other."
"First, a courier...
who came to pick up a package with the van."
"Then, a female courier who makes deliveries on a motorcycle."
"And, lastly, a boy...
who came to deliver a pizza they had ordered."
"But all three claim they haven't seen the tenant."
"They found a note in the entrance
"where he said he was in bed with a cold
and gave them permission to enter the apartment."
"Convinced that it was a strategy of the Man with the Hammer...
"To distract the police so he could flee,
"We entered the suspect's apartment
"And we found a man lying on the ground
with a blow to the head, seriously wounded."
"Can the man with the hammer?"
"And which of the 3 people who entered the apartment attacked him?"
"Maybe one of the 3 suspects was related..."
with one of the victims of the Man with the Hammer.
"But by the time we tried to identify them,
they'd already been let go."
"I also entered the apartment with the police,
and I saw some details that caught my attention."
"There was only the receipt from the pizzeria."
"The bills for the two couriers were missing."
"The electric razor was not plugged in."
"The bathtub was exceptionally clean."
"How odd... There's something behind this case."
"Something we can't even imagine."
"Love is eternal, mysteries are a labyrinth."
"Are you ready to find the way out?"
"Sonoko, the queen of deductions,
will enter the scene to reveal the identity of the Man with the Hammer."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de.
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo.
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara.
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite.
Kimi to Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"The truth about the urban legend, part two."
(Chiba) I took out what was in the washer and dryer
and among the dirty clothes was this glove.
Ah... we'll send it to the lab.
If the blood matches yesterday's victim's blood,
we can be sure
that the man we found dazed on the floor is what we were looking for.
Now all we need to do is find some clues
that will allow us to identify the person who attacked him.
Eh? That's strange.
This pile of clothes was inside the washer and dryer, right?
Yes.
And how come there's no underwear?
No underwear or socks.
That's right.
There's only T-shirts, sweaters and towels.
Maybe he threw it away after use.
I myself, when I do some surveillance...
that goes on for more than a week,
I throw the underpants away without bothering to wash them.
A stakeout...
Have you pretended to be a couple of engaged couples
so that it won't be noticed that you're policemen, right?
-Of course.
What did you think? -Ah... No, nothing.
-Ah... -Hey, what's wrong with you?
Ah!
Chiba, have you ever been on stakeout with Inspector Sato?
Yes, a couple of times.
And did anything happen during the stakeout?
-Like what now? -No, nothing.
I was just curious.
Ah, you want to know if Inspector Sato...
asked me to pose as boyfriend and girlfriend, right?
What?!
She often does that so that suspects don't feel watched.
For me, when she told me,
I found it hard to concentrate on surveillance.

O-so you too...
Yes.
I won't forget it as long as I live!
That warm feeling...
That warm feeling...!
Give me a kiss.
Right now, the real ones.
You say what?!
Hey, hey, hey!
What's new?
Ah... no... About it...
Look, we're going through, I have to take Conan home.
Of course, of course.
Thank you, Conan.
We'll take care of the case of the Man with the Hammer.
Not yet!
The man who was taken away with a litter was another one of your victims?
No, what we found wounded was the Man with the Hammer.
The assailant must have wanted to avenge one of those girls.
What? What?!
And now!
Didn't they say that the Man with the Hammer was over six feet tall?
The man who was taken away with a litter
must have barely reached 70 meters.
It is also an urban legend.
How he attacked the victims from behind, when they fell to the ground,
"...they could only see the assailant from behind, as he ran away."
"That's why they don't quite know how tall he was, height-wise."
Last night's testimony was straight, when he saw the suspect,
but he'd had too much to drink.
(Think) "An urban legend...? Wait a minute!"
"A too-clean bathtub,
"An unplugged razor, a missing toothbrush...
and no trace of underwear and socks."
"Plus, there's the note outside the door...
and the bills for the two messengers are missing."
"Oh. What if it was...?"
"There's a strip of leather sewn to the toe of the left slipper."
"And to the other shoes?"
"No, the patch is just the slipper."
Stop it! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Do me a favor! Ah!
You found nothing on the Hammer Man's shoe?
It's just that this shoe is not Hammer Man's.
What? No Hammer Man.
How? It turns out it doesn't exist.
(Sato) What do you mean?
Why do you say that Hammer Man doesn't exist?
Yeah, it's like the woman with the cut mouth or the dog with a human face.
Rumors become big
and become terrifying legends.
Just like in this case.
"They say the Hammer Man can run 100 meters in 11 seconds,
and that he's a giant who can do over six feet eighty."
These are just exaggerated rumors
that grow endlessly and serve to scare people.
The woman with the cut mouth and the dog with a human face?
And how do you know them, these ancient legends?
Ah, they were told to us at school.
But, Conan, the difference between the woman with the cut mouth,
the dog with the human face and our man is that he...
"...has attacked 4 people."
"I doubt it's a legend."
All we know is that there is an offender
who attacks long-haired women with hammers,
but we can't know if he's the Hammer Man or not.
What a ?
I guess, if they call him that, it's because he uses a hammer!
What do you mean, he's not a hammer?
Isn't he a hammer?
(flux) No, what I mean...
What are you saying?
Speak louder, I have not felt anything of what...
- (Dart: Ziu!) - Oh!
Aaaa... So... Sonoko?
-This strange dance seems... -It can't be!
(Sonoko voice) Yes, it's a dance.
Conan's hints have made me see the light.
The thing is, we've all been dancing from the beginning to the tune of....
the Man with the Hammer, an urban legend.
That's her!
The queen of deductions!
How strange.
She looks so much like Sleeping Kogoro!
They're a match made in heaven.
(Think) "Very observant."
No!
Mr. Mouri doesn't bow his head in the same way, when he falls asleep.
You... you mean? "I'd say so."
Hey, Sonoko, if the Man with the Hammer is an urban legend,
"...who is the man we found unconscious on this floor?"
She was stunned by one of the 3 people who entered earlier,
with the idea of taking revenge on the Hammer Man.
(Sonoko voice) Think of her again and you will realize that this is not the case.
In what order did they enter the apartment?
And what have they come to do?
What did you come here to do?
Let's see...
First, the messenger from the van,
a tall, burly man, about 80 meters tall..;
then, the motorcycle messenger, a short, short, 5'6" man,
and the last one was the pizza delivery man,
a slim man of about 5'7", more or less.
All 3 of them entered the apartment

"Because they found a note at the entrance where it said:
'I'm in bed with a cold, come in and do what you have to do.'"
(Sonoko voice) We know that the only one who was able to leave the note
is the courier in the van, who got there first, right?
So, the only ones...
who may have taken the first two invoices
are the girl on the motorcycle, who arrived just after,
and the pizza delivery guy.
Isn't that right?
(Sato) Yes.
That's what doesn't quite fit.
(Sonoko voice) If you put it another way, everything will fit.
Let's imagine that the Man with the hammer, who was inside the apartment,
left the note at the entrance and hid the bills.
Ha-ha!
It is true that he may have left the note.
But what need did he have to make the bills disappear?
So that the police could not immediately check his identity
and thus discover that he had been impersonating someone else.
What are you saying? He impersonated someone else?!
What do you mean?
That the Man with the Hammer impersonated one of the 3 suspects?
Yes, he had the two couriers and the pizza delivery man come in...
so he could flee the apartment posing as one of them.
This means that the man we found lying on the ground
was one of the men who entered this apartment earlier.
That means that the man who made the phone call
is the one who left the note at the entrance.
"When his victim arrived, he beat her,
"dressed her in her clothes
and made it appear that she had attempted suicide."
"He left it here, put on the victim's clothes..."
and calmly walked out the door.
In this case, we can take the first messenger off the suspect list.
"He didn't have the same build as the man we found unconscious,"
and he couldn't have taken the messenger's bill with him
because he has arrived before her.
This means that the Man with the Hammer is the pizza delivery man, then!
Yes, it's strange that he hasn't returned to the store.
Let's go!
We'll set up police checkpoints on the streets.
We must find the pizza delivery man... Stop the cart!
Still not tired of dancing? What's that?
When Conan described to me the state the apartment was in,
I immediately discovered the identity of the Man with the Hammer.
The state of the apartment?
The bathtub was clean as a whistle,
"...the razor was not plugged in,
"Although it's an electric model,
"The toothbrush was missing,
"And neither in the washer nor in the dryer
there was no underwear or socks."
And... and what does all this mean?
(Sonoko voice) You don't see it?
He has cleaned the bathtub thoroughly and has hidden the toothbrush
to erase any trace of his presence.
The electric razor was unplugged
because no one was using it.
And finally, she hid all her underwear and socks so they wouldn't give away her sex.
because they wouldn't give away her sex.
You get it now, don't you?
Don't tell me... don't tell me that the Man with the Hammer is...
Don't tell me... that the Man with the Hammer is... is a woman!
-The motorcycle messenger? -Yes.
The underwear she has hidden for obvious reasons,
and the socks, because they're smaller than men's socks.
She didn't want us to discover that she was a woman,
the person who lived in this apartment.
It's... it's true that we've always called him the Man with the Hammer,
but none of the victims have stated that their assailant was a man.
The hammer is a heavy, blunt weapon,
which is why the press christened him the Hammer Man.
With such a sensationalist name, surely everyone would be talking.
Now that you mention it, the tenant of this apartment was a man,
but, according to the neighbor, he lived with a woman for a while.
So it was the man who left the apartment.
She stayed and has lived there until now, apparently.
In Conan she has found the definitive clue:
A slipper with a strip of leather sewn to the toe.
"It's a patch that serves to protect the shoe
from rubbing against the motorcycle's gearshift pedal."
"To the cobbler there was only one shoe that had the patch on it,
and none of the others had a worn toe, so..."
...the slippers did not belong to the tenant of the apartment, but to the messenger.
"They were worn by the man we found unconscious."
She has put her shoes and her women's clothing

along with underwear in a backpack
"...and made it look like it was the package he had gone to pick up."
"And I imagine she's also hidden the platform boots
she was wearing to pass herself off as a man."
Of course!
High boots of the kind that were all the rage back in the day.
Now I understand why the witness was able to follow her, even though he was drunk.
Yeah, but if the pizza delivery guy is innocent,
why hasn't he returned to the store yet?
It's very likely that she knocked him unconscious
and hidden her somewhere.
That way he can run away while the police think he's the guilty one.
Okay, I want police checks immediately!
I want police checks immediately!
At this point there may not be any.
What do you mean?
If we don't hurry, he'll take the bike and...
If he knew how to ride a motorcycle,
he would have taken the shoes with the patch on them for the gear shift.
And, if he doesn't ride a motorcycle, he must be in a hurry to change his clothes.
I doubt she would take a cab dressed in overalls.
The ideal place to change is in any washroom.
But in a restaurant she will attract attention, dressed like that,
and besides, you run the risk...
that someone will remember your face and your clothes.
To go unnoticed, you need...
Public toilets! Yes, you're right.
The closest ones are the ones in Beika Park.
That's where the last assault took place.
We already have a patrol.
You idiot!
He fell on all fours.
Earlier I went to the park toilets and there was a door that wouldn't open.
Will you come with me to check it out?
It's the park where the Man with the Hammer appeared, and I'm scared...
Yes, of course you are.
-All the doors are open. -That's strange.
It was locked before.
Now I just have to get the frog, get out of the park and go far away,
where these fools can't find me.
Everything all right, miss?
Soc police inspector.
I imagine you've already heard
that there was an assault in this park last night, haven't you?
-Oh, yes. Good.
Did you see anything strange, in the toilets?
Well... Yes.
It may have nothing to do with last night's incident,
but there's an unconscious man in the back bathroom.
Is that so?
That's right!
I'll get my men down here right away.
I'll take your statement in the meantime, if you don't mind.
No, with pleasure.
We got word a while ago, Hammer Man.
It's you, isn't it?
"That's how the Man with the Hammer...
"Or, rather, the Woman with the Hammer, was arrested...
"And that mysterious urban legend died
before it could grow any further."
"The Woman with the Hammer was resentful
with the man who had abandoned her."
"Her ex had left her for a woman with long hair,
so she was only looking for victims who resembled her."
"When the police discovered she was alive,
"Thanks to the witness who had followed her,
"she left a bunch of clues to try to frame her ex.
"And tried to flee,
"But we found her out sooner than she thought.
and she fell into the trap."
(Sato) We are very grateful to you, Sonoko.
A deduction worthy of Sleeping Kogoro.
And when you said, "Stop the cart! Still not tired of dancing?"
You are the queen of deductions! Yes...
You don't remember? No-no, I don't remember the details.
(Think) "And the rest, either."
Thanks to you, too, Conan.
You're welcome.
So what, how far has it gone?
I don't know what you're talking about.
What do you want me to talk about?
About Inspector Sato!
It's been a long time since you went out together.
Go on, explain.
I'm sorry, you don't have to do anything, you.
Hey, don't tell me you're angry...
because we pretended to be an engaged couple!
-Empipat, me?
And now! -It's no big deal!
-He shook my hand and prou.-What?
And then... when you told me about a very warm feeling...?
It's the feeling I had when he held my hand.
Eh?
Yes, but after a moment...
"...she looked at the suspect with a face that made me shudder..."
and I let her go.
-Nothing else happened? -What?
No.
He did the same thing to you, didn't he?
While we were watching.
-No, the truth is... -Mm?
Give me a kiss.
Right now, real ones.
(Thinking) "Wow. She did it because..."
"La Sato did it because it was me!"

(Male) We have located the home of the murder suspect's brother.
He lives on the floor above an arcade,
Okuho Ward 3.
It is very likely that the suspect
will soon meet secretly with his brother.
I want to set up a surveillance device.
You will take over the operation from Agent Sato, who is familiar with the case, and...
Me, sir!
I volunteer!
How strange, volunteering for a surveillance...
What's the matter?
You didn't know?
I've always liked it, the surveillance.
Be careful.
The suspect's brother is known to be an extremely violent man.
-Yes. -Watch out a lot.
Yes.
Yes?
Keep a close eye on...?
(Takagi) There's no movement at the moment.
Oi, Inspector Sato?
No...
This surname... it's quite common, from what I can tell.
-Yes... It's a very nice name...
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

Soc in Matsumoto.
Soc the Emba pier chasing a man.
Apparently the serial killer we are looking for.
- (man) "What are you saying! Really?" - Yes.
The model and color of the vehicle
match those of the stolen car.
Right now it's parked and there's a man sitting inside.
Confirm the license plate number.
Shinjuku, 5...
(Man: Whistling melody)
"What's up, Matsumoto? Go on!"
He's... whistling!

-I have no doubt, it's him! - "What?"
I feel him whistling!
And it's that tune!
Did he see me?
"Hey! Answer me, Matsumoto! Matsumoto! Matsumoto!"
Superintendent Matsumoto! What's the matter?
Are you all right?
You seem a little distracted.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I must have fallen asleep by accident.
Wouldn't you rather go home and get some rest?
You've spent the last few nights in your office without sleep, haven't you?
I can't afford to rest.
The statute of limitations on that murderer's case is only a week away.
And as we speak,
the clock is ticking without stopping for a second.
They say it's a scar that won't fade even as you get older.
And where are they, the two men who showed up?
That you see something, outside? Can't you feel it?
Someone is watching us.
I can feel it.
The culprit is the man...
who left this scar on my face.
In this house is the serial killer
who acted 15 years ago?
Don't miss the next episode!
"The scar of first love".

