(Man) "All the horses have passed the last turn!"
- "It's already the last 200 meters!" - (Man) Come on, come on!
Come on, come on, come on!
You have to win, please!
Sign up for the future of the Mouri Detective Agency!
"Love is eternal. Mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out? Today's clue is a scar."
"We will know who is a first love and who is a suspect."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"The scar of first love."
(Male) "Steel Leaf, from 4th Street, goes half a body ahead!"
- "From 6th Street, Yaiba the Masked Yaiba!" - Come on!
- "On the inside, Black Stalkers." - Go, go, go!
Come on, come on, come on!
(man) "Yes! Typhoon Devil has won!"
Viscaaaa!
Don't smoke... You won?! (Man) Of course!
A peak of 3 million! 3 million?!
God knew...
that this month we were really screwed up, in this agency,
and he wanted to give us a hand!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Of course, last month he didn't have any clients."
(Man) "One moment, please. The judges' light has gone on!"
"Something must have happened, in such a heated final fight?"
"Typhoon Diabolico, from 2nd Street, has been disqualified."
- "The grid has changed." - What?!
"The horse in first position is Steel Leaf!"
My God!
Weren't you supposed to do it together with the poor guys?!
By the way, the other day they said on the news...
that the heiress of a rich house
bought a lottery on a whim and won 100 million.
How?
Also, she said she would give that winning ticket to someone as a gift.
Aaah!
It looks like, when she was a little girl,
she had a car accident while on vacation.
And she wants to give the ticket as a thank-you gift
to a boy who was badly hurt when he was protecting her.
And she said to come forward to give it to him.
Oh, did she?
And has that lucky boy shown up yet?
I don't know...
When he had the accident,
the girl injured her eyes and lost her sight.
And since that boy was also a child,
he doesn't even remember what face he made, or what voice he had...
Oh, my goodness.
So, how the hell do you think you can identify that boy?
By the wound he got when he had that accident.
Since it was a big wound,
she's sure that, even though he's an adult, in ten years he had the scar.
How nice!
I have scars too!
A couple of years ago I got hit head first while playing baseball,
and I hurt my shoulder.
Maybe I'll be able to take the pèl.
Huh?
Take the hair?
(Think) Come on.
What a face he has!
- (woman) He doesn't have it on his back. - Eh?
I remember very well that he had his shirt...
torn horizontally and that he was bleeding all the time.
After seeing this image I started to lose my sight,
but I haven't forgotten that.
T-this is the heiress of the 100 million!
This means that she wants to ask me
to look for that boy with the scar clue.
-Don't you, ma'am? -Yes.
It's just that a person has come forward who says he's that boy.
Two people, in fact. (Conan voice) Two?
Now I understand...
So, what you want...
is for you to find out which of these two men is telling the truth, right?
Yes, because the person who saved me was alone,
at the time.
This means that one of them is an imposter.
He's impersonating the boy from his childhood memories for money.
What a miserable man. (Shinichi, thinks) "Look who's talking!"

Let's see, have you been able to see the scars of these two men?
Yes..., I have seen them.
The man... with brown hair has it on his back.
And the dark-haired man has it on his chest.
They both have a very long scar.
On the back and on the chest?
And you don't remember where the wound was made?
No.
I only remember for sure that it was a very big wound
that went from shoulder to shoulder.
By the way, where did you have the accident?
It all happened during the summer vacation 30 years ago.
That time I went to Izu on vacation with my parents.
With that boy we met on the beach;
we were the same age and became close friends.
We played together every day of that vacation.
He knew a lot of things about the sea and about fish.
He always drank ginger ale as a soft drink.
As he was very brown,
whenever he smiled, his teeth were always very white.
I fell in love at first sight.
But those fantastic dreamy days could not last forever.
On the last day of the vacation
I cried and said I didn't want to go home.
Then he said to me:
"Then stay here. I promise I will protect you.
How old were you then?
At that time I was in second grade.
(Thinking) "You can already be so much in love, in second grade?"
And how did it happen, the accident?
By dint of begging my parents,
I finally managed to get us to stay one more day in Izu.
He was walking along a path that bordered the beach and I went...
I went down the road to tell him.
"At that moment, the vehicle of a driver asleep at the wheel...
ran into us."
After the accident I was unconscious for three days
and woke up in a hospital bed.
You don't know what became of that boy after the accident?
No.
After a while, I finally found out,
despite being badly injured,
he made the effort to bring me to the hospital.
He left saying that he would go to look for my parents
and that he would come back to them,
but in the end he never came back.
But I guess he must have at least known the name.
If he was playing with it every day.
Ah!
It was Gari!
Like everyone in his class called him Gari,
he told you to call him that.
You answered this on TV.
Yes.
This doesn't give us any clue as to the name.
Another question.
Where are, now, the two men who have appeared?
They've been at my house since they showed up.
They've been at my house since they showed up.
Blow!
This mansion is magnificent!
It must be hard as hell, cleaning such a big house.
Yes, Mr. Hoya and two maids...
work to keep it in good shape.
But, with me included, there are only 4 of us living here,
so there's some little corner we have that's not quite tidy.
(Shinichi, think) "Dusting and everything is a scary job."
Excuse me, did you say 4 people?
What about your parents?
My mother died very young from an illness,
and father also died 3 years ago from the same disease.
Just before my father died,
we hired a butler and forced him to take care of me.
-I mean Mr. Hoya. And now, no!
They didn't force me either.
In any case, at the moment we have two more people at home.
And counting you, that makes nine of us.
Tonight we will have a very lively dinner.
Wow!
I've had enough!
Dinner with a good group is much more fun.
- (man) I don't know... - Mm?
There's one person who looks like an impostor
who doesn't fit in at all.
(man) What?
Dear impostor, it's getting to be time to come clean, isn't it?
Change!
I can say the same to you, word for word!
Anyway, I guess that's for detective Mouri to find out...
detective Mouri will find out in a while.
-Won't he, Mr. Mouri? -Aviam...
We can start by talking to them one by one in another room.
Eh? See you later, detective.
-See you later. -Yes, indeed.
I beg you to investigate them thoroughly.
-They could both be impostors. -Yeah...
For starters, it happened 30 years ago.
And it could also be that, by now, the boy is already dead, don't you think?
No!
He is still alive!
I am convinced that the boy is in this house!
That's what I think.
That's why I took the trouble to have detective Mouri come!
I'm a little exhausted.

I'm going to rest for a while.
Inform me as soon as you have the result of your investigation.
Of course I will.
Oh, gee, don't tell me...
she already knows who that kid really is.
Hey, Conan...
Conan!
What's wrong? (Dog: overboard, far away)
Did you see something? Can't you feel it?
It seems to me that there's someone... who's watching us.
Well, I... I don't notice anything.
(Shinichi voice) "In Kogoro asked the two men...
about the events that took place 30 years ago..,
but they both repeated the same answers."
"The cause was very clear..."
What are you saying?
That in the interview he explained point by point...
the circumstances of what happened then?
Yes: the date of the accident, the type of vehicle that hit them, the name of the hospital, and everything?
the name of the hospital, and everything.
Now I understand why they both give the same answers.
So there will be no way to find out anything!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it! There's someone there!"
"And we're not talking about just one or two people."
Come on, Kogoro, come on, please! What are you doing?
What are you planning to do out there?
Who are you?! Oh...!
Takagi!
Chiba!
It's you! What are you doing?
-Well... -Just...
We're watching...
...the suspect of a crime committed 15 years ago.
-Like 15 years ago, you say? -Don't you remember, Mouri?
We talked about the case of the butcher who gave me this cut on my face.
Ah..., Superintendent Matsumoto!
About it, superintendent..., 15 years ago,
in Mouri I had just joined as a police inspector.
Ah, now I understand.
Mr. Superintendent,
when I was assigned to the Central Metropolitan Police Station...
you already had this scar.
Yes, this cut was made by that same butcher...
with a catana 5 years before you arrived.
Does this mean it was 20 years ago?
I'm gonna corner the perp to a dock.
The guy throws a punch at me, and at the moment...
I'm going to grab the catanna to take it away from him,
I make a cut on his body... horizontally.
A horizontal cut? No-it can't be...
And so much.
When I saw on the news this heiress of a rich house,
I thought that maybe that criminal would cheer up
and would come to show off his scar.
Sir, where did you cut yourself?
On your chest or on your back?
Well, I don't remember very well.
But what is clear to me is that I wounded him.
Okay, understood. (Shinichi, thinks) "You either?"
Anyway, you have to think that at that time...
the superintendent had been wounded in the left eye and was dazed.
But it was a good idea, coming all the way here.
What a ?
The scar on my eye... it's sore.
It's as if you were telling me that the criminal is in this house.
What?!
That a serial killer from 15 years ago is in this house?!
Xxxt!
Xxxt!
It's just a guess, don't yell.
When Conan said he felt like we were being watched, was he serious?
It's the police.
You can see that Superintendent Matsumoto
has been chasing the offender relentlessly,
and that the person who cut his face...
was just that offender.
The thing is, at the time it happened,
it is seen that the superintendent took the catanna to the delinquent
and made a horizontal cut on his body.
A... horizontal cut?
Don't smoke! That's right.
That characteristic scar is also on the killer's body.
A huge scar that runs from shoulder to shoulder.
But why would he come here, a serial killer?
To go after the 100 million Miss Shodo won.
And he's using the scar the superintendent gave her.
In other words,
we have on one side the brown-haired Mr. Kusumoto,
and on the other, the dark-haired man named Banba.
It could be that one of them is the boy from his memories
and the other a serial killer.
S-so where is that serial killer supposed to have the scar?
I would swear that Mr. Kusumoto has it on his back
and Mr. Banba has it on his chest.
The problem is...
is that Superintendent Matsumoto doesn't remember it very well either.
He got it after the criminal made the wound in his eye.
So, the only clue we have is the scar?
Let's see, the criminal was wearing gloves...
and no fingerprints could be found on the catanna
that the superintendent took from him.

That catana was the murder weapon of his crimes,
and it was also impregnated with the blood of the victims.
Therefore, it was also impossible to isolate the blood of the criminal.
And you didn't see his face either? No.
He was wearing long hair, a cap and a beard.
Evidently, it was a disguise.
This way nothing can be confirmed!
The way he whistled.
The way he whistled?
Yes.
It seems that the murderer always whistled a song.
That's why superintendent Matsumoto has asked Kogoro
to check it out without those two noticing.
And what kind of song is it? I don't know.
He wouldn't tell me
because he doesn't want me to go in with preconceived ideas that would lead me...
to ask questions that would make them suspect
that the police are investigating them.
But if there is such a dangerous person in this house,
it would have been better if Conan hadn't come back in.
No!
It was me, who insisted that he let me back in.
Besides, if I suddenly disappeared,
the murderer might suspect something
and realize that the police are outside watching.
And there is also... something else.
As I just explained to you, although we can't be sure...
that one of those two men is a murderer.
This is also true. (Door: knock)
Oh... (Door: knock) Come in!
The bathtub is ready.
If you want, you can take a bath.
B-besides giving us dinner, will you offer us a bath?
Thank you, I'll gladly accept.
Eh ?!
Unfortunately, we only have one bathtub available.
If you don't mind, we should let the lady take a bath first.
Me? Au, you go in it.
One doesn't bathe every day in the luxurious bathroom of a mansion.
Yes, you're right!
Come on, Conan, you want to take a bath together, eh?
What a ?!
It's been a long time since we washed each other's backs.
It's just that there aren't any.
I don't have any spare clothes, and I already took a bath last night.
Well... But... but...
If you insist, I don't mind, Ran.
Have a good bath! Thank you, Ran!
You know what, Conan?
If you don't feel like taking a bath, I don't feel like taking a bath either.
Oh, right...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now the priority is not bathing, but the killer."
"But let's see, if we don't know what particular song he was whistling,
we have no way of checking anything."
"In any case, the only thing we can do is to find out....
Which of the two is the boy from Miss Shodo's memories."
(Conan voice) Earlier Kogoro has been talking to Mr. Kusumoto
and Mr. Banba, right?
Yes, and they told him the date of the accident,
the type of vehicle that hit them, the name of the hospital...
Their answers were all copied.
Were they really the same?
There were no different details?
Now you really surprise me, kid.
If you were with us when we were talking, you didn't feel us?
No.
(Shinichi, think) "I was looking out for the police officers outside."
Let me think... Maybe these were the only differences.
Mr. Kusumoto said a lot of times
that as a child he was very scrawny,
and Mr. Banba was very insistent...
that he spent all day studying.
That's all? Well... no.
And if we go and ask Miss Shodo?
But it seems to me that this woman...
knows perfectly well who the boy in the accident is,
the one in her memories.
God-hay-do!
I've seen them before in movies and TV series,
but I'm surprised there are such luxurious bathrooms.
-How are we doing, detective? -Look, we'll take a bath with you.
You're going to bathe together?
Well, you are well matched.
He-he!
It's a coincidence.
I was told that you were bathing here
and I wanted to come and ask you what's going on with the investigation.
Tell us how you're doing.
You must know by now who's telling the truth and who's the phony.
Sorry, that's a professional secret.
(Thinking) "How convenient!"
"This has saved me inventing me some....
to ask you for the song the superintendent told me."
Oh, it's you, butler.
-Will you take a bath too? -No, no.
It so happens that the lady has asked me
to wash Detective Mouri's back.
(laughs) You're a little too suspicious.
If only I already knew which one of them was the person I was looking for,

I would not have bothered to have Detective Mouri come.
Yes, of course...
Excuse me, in the TV interview...
was there anything you didn't say, about that boy?
I don't know, I think I already said it all.
Anyway, I can say that he was a very honest guy,
so I'm convinced
that detective Mouri will know who he is very soon.
Very honest? Yes.
One noon, when he went to buy sushi,
he was given 100 yen more than the change bill.
And he went back to the store expressly to give them money back.
Yes, he told them that the extra money was not his.
So, he liked sushi, right?
Yes.
And also the yakisoba we ate at the beach house.
He put so much marinated ginger in it that I was shocked!
I don't think I've heard these anecdotes before.
Really?
Then explain them to Detective Mouri, please.
-I'm sorry.
It wasn't necessary, man... - Don't worry, it's all right.
When you take a bath like this,
you feel like humming a song, don't you think?
-Yes. -Oh, so much so.
-Is there any song you like? -Some of them make me laugh...
There's a song I like to whistle often.
- (mobile: message alert) -Oh-oh!
Superintendent, I received a message from Mr. Mouri.
Let's see? What does it say?
"The brown-haired man, jazz; the brown-haired man, soul music."
This is what it says.
Ahm... answer the message.
Play it...
(Mouri voice) "Go ahead with the investigation. Takagi."
(Thinks) "I don't know how, I have no data to allow me to continue!"
Hey, butler, aren't you feeling well?
-You're soaking wet. Yes, I know.
The air conditioning in the bathroom broke down the other day.
(He thinks) "With the sweat, his shirt shows through...
and you can see a scar."
"Th-this means that now, in this house,
there are 3 men with a horizontal scar!"
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

(Shinichi, think) "The nickname he got in class was..."
Gari!
It's exactly like Sherlock Holmes impersonating a boy.
That's so good!
Coastal fish is beastly!
No, man, this is from a fish hatchery.
(Kogoro voice) As if it's coastal or nursery?
It doesn't make any difference.
(Shinichi voice, think) "Mark a letter... on the body of the victims?"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'A scar that evokes the past."

