"30 years ago,
"the boy who befriended Miss Kurumi Shodo...
"He saved her the day she had a traffic accident
and she owed him her life."
"Miss Kurumi won by chance
"100 million yen with a lottery number...
"And she made it public on television and in magazines
that she wanted to give the prize to her savior."
"The clues she had were the memories of those summer days
and a scar left on the boy from that accident."
"Two men answered his call."
"In Ryuhei Kusumoto, who has a scar on his back;
and Sogo Banba, with a scar on his chest."
"Both horizontal."
"Aiming to find out who was the real savior,
"we went to the Shodo family mansion,
"but there we met some police inspectors
"who are guarding someone who committed crimes
that are about to become time-barred."
"On the body of that murderer there must also be a horizontal scar."
"However, it has now come to light that on the back of Taisuke Hoya,
the butler of the Shodo family, there is also a scar."
"In the end, who must be the boy of those memories?"
"Love is eternal. Mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"An impending prescription and the revelation of a first love."
"The case of the scar evolves in an unexpected way."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"The scar that evokes the past."
What?
It can't be.
That butler also has a scar on his back?
Yes.
Unlike the scar on Mr. Kusumoto's and Mr.
Kusumoto and Mr.
Banba
he has a scar of about 15 centimeters.
It could be the case that this butler who is called Hoya
is that murderer.
He is?
Why do you think so?
Isn't the murderer's wound supposed to be longer?
You have to take into account that at the moment the superintendent
made that cut, he was hanging dazed.
I don't think he could have known,
what the length of the wound he gave him was.
Also, I understand that this killer was a very cautious individual.
After the superintendent smoked that cut,
the criminal escaped from there in a car,
but when they later found that vehicle
but when they later found that vehicle, they could not see the slightest footprint or bloodstain.
As the cover that covered the seat of the car was torn off,
he had to remove the piece impregnated with his blood,
and wiped his fingerprints off the inside of the car.
But what evidence leads you to say
that that butler could be the serial killer?
If he's a cautious man of the type,
even if he has a similar scar,
I doubt very much that he'd come in gleefully attracted by the money.
When the luminol test was done on the car he left abandoned,
not even evidence was found that would have cleaned up his blood.
(Think, see Shinichi) "All three men have scars."
"The ones that are big are Mr. Kusumoto's on his back
and Mr. Banba's on his chest."
"And then we have the small one that Mr. Hoya has on his back."
"In his childhood, Mr. Kusumoto was very thin
and Mr. Banba spent all day studying."
"The boy in his memories knew many things about the sea and fish."
"He liked to drink 'ginger ale.' He liked to eat sushi and yakisoba."
"He had an honest character."
"His friends in class gave him the nickname ? Gari ?!"
(Door: itchy) Go ahead.
What?

Do you already have the results of the investigation?
I'm sorry... But no, it's not clear to me yet.
I understand.
You still have time to investigate.
Dinner's ready, so you can come now.
D-dinner?
By any chance, we're having... sushi, maybe?
Yes.
I'm surprised you guessed.
Actually... (flow) is that I have to tell you a secret.
A little further down.
(whispers)
What are you telling him? Hm...
You're really going all that on me?
Mm-hm.
You surprised the hell out of me, kid.
Eh? You know what?
I just took you for a short high school student
whose voice hasn't changed yet.
I didn't realize you were such a little nano.
It's exactly like Sherlock Holmes pretending to be a boy.
Vol-meaning?
I can see things that other people miss, you know?
Oh...
Well, I'll be waiting in my room.
Take care of everything else, Mister... detective.
Uh, yeah.
But that's good!
Ha-ha-ha!
This is unbeatable!
Why don't you eat, too, Mr. Butler?
Miss Shodo said she wanted you to eat with us!
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
It's so good!
Coastal fish is beastly. No, man, this is from the nursery.
But what do you say, now?
This one was caught on the coast.
You think so too, don't you, Mr. Detective?
Oh, I... I don't understand these things.
Aaah...! Father, what have you got?
(Kogoro voice) Like whether it's from the coast or from the nursery?
This is totally indifferent!
-Eh? -How is it indifferent?
-It's a very important detail (Kogoro voice) And what else!
Let's be clear, they talk like that because they know that the boy of Miss Shodo's memories
of Miss Shodo knew a lot, about the sea and fish,
and he liked sushi.
-Eh? -No, and now!
No wonder step, in the end there are 100 million at stake.
And now that we are talking about sushi, what did he do, that boy,
when he went to buy sushi for both of us?
As they gave me 100 yen too much change, I went to the store to return them,
I went to the store to return it.
My character prevents me from keeping what doesn't belong to me.
- (Kogoro's voice) That's really strange.
What is?
That an honest guy who is incapable of accepting something that doesn't even belong to him
is blatantly trying to keep
100 million that clearly belongs to someone else!
Huh?
W-what are you saying?
Miss Shodo said quite clearly
that she would grant me that money as a thank you
because, years ago, when she had the accident,
I protected her with my body.
What's wrong, to accept it, you see?
You have already seen it in the bathroom!
I was left with a huge scar for the accident!
No, the scar resulting from that accident...
is the one I have on my back.
Indeed, they have scars about 30 centimeters long.
But, on the contrary, this is exactly what raises more doubts.
What do you mean?
But Miss Shodo said so in the TV interview.
It was a wound that went from shoulder to shoulder.
I'm sure she said she couldn't remember
whether it was on her chest or on her back, but that it was fat, yes.
And how old were you when this happened?
When I was in second or third grade.
(Kogoro voice) If he was in second or third grade,
a wound that was from shoulder to shoulder
would be about 15 centimeters approximately.
A-see, when I took it wrong it was about that length.
As I became an adult, my body grew,
and so did the scar, of course.
Ah.
Didn't you know?
Even if a person grows, scars don't grow.
-What?! - What?!
If you get a six-inch wound,
you'll have 15 centimeters until you die.
Let's see, even if I was a kid, I was very big.
-I was too. (Kogoro voice) Caram, Mr. Kusumoto.
Kusumoto.
Didn't you tell me before that you were a very rickety boy when you were little?
W-well...
This guy felt that the boy's nickname was Gari
and said this to him without thinking.
He thought that name came from "rickety".
Actually this nickname was given to me because I was very studious.
(Kogoro voice) Sure.
Because I was very studious, he says...
You know what?
When that boy ate yakisoba at the beach house...

put on a good mountain of ginger marinated with water and salt.
No.
Where are you getting this comment from?
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's normal that you don't know...
because today was the first time
Miss Shodo explained it to us.
-Huh? -You haven't noticed yet?
The boy in your memories really liked to drink ginger ale,
he often bought sushi lunchboxes
and put a lot of marinated ginger on yakisoba.
I got it!
That guy really liked ginger!
Ginger ale also has ginger in it....
And the "gari", the ginger in sushi,
is marinated in sugar and vinegar.
Wait a minute, his nickname came from here?
Yes, that's right.
He must have been called Gari because he was crazy about ginger.
Isn't that right?
You didn't pay attention to the rest and ate all the ginger,
butler Taisuke Hoya.
-It can't be! But-but did it really exist?!
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
First of all, there is no doubt that he has a scar...
about 15 centimeters long on his back...
-And why didn't he confess who he is? -He can take 100 million!
I can't accept that money.
I can't.
If I hadn't told Miss Shodo that day that I was there,
I wouldn't have had that terrible accident.
That's why I wanted to support her in secret.
But it's been impossible to keep the secret.
-Huh? -Do you know why?
Do you know why Ms. Shodo said on television
that she would grant you 100 million even though she knows that you have a character
that prevents you from appropriating something that doesn't belong to you?
Because she wanted you, who always supports her,
to reveal his identity.
To ask you not to make a matter like this public
because it would only attract impostors!
So... Miss Shodo knew about it.
Yes, she had already realized
that butler Hoya was that boy from her memories.
That he had asked her to wash my back in the bathroom
with the air conditioner on the fritz,
that he didn't mention the story of the marinated ginger until today
and that he chose sushi for dinner tonight, were all clues for me, you understand?
Mr. Hoya, what do you plan to do?
Miss Shodo is waiting for you in your room.
B-but I-I, I, I can't, I can't...
It'll be all right.
I'll go and explain to Miss
Shodo instead, if you want.
What?!
If not, I can go too.
I don't want these gold diggers to deceive her
into thinking they're the boy from her memories.
I-understood.
I'll go say myself!
Aah...
We've given him a good shove.
Yeah, yeah, we did.
Caram.
And it turns out that others can't tell the truth
even if they're willing to.
Who are you talking about now? Eh?
Eee... Of... Of Yaiba the Masked.
If his identity were discovered, he would be in danger.
-I think... I think I should... -Dump the fog.
Does nothing make you wait a little while, gentlemen?
-The police?! - It wasn't just a joke!
As I took bad surfing and I got the scar on my chest...
Don't worry about it.
We just want to talk to the person
who has the big scar on his back;
to you!
After all, that scar is the result of the horizontal cut
that, years ago, Superintendent Matsumoto made with a catanna
a serial killer he was chasing.
What a ?
I didn't know for sure if he was wounded in the chest or in the back,
but I was able to clarify thanks to Mouri's message.
How?
By message?
(Thinking) "Gee, I have to return the cell phone to Mr. Mouri".
When someone is wounded,
tends to press the wound with his hands as a reflex action.
On the other hand, the luminol revealed nothing at the wheel of the car...
that the killer used to flee
because his hands did not reach the place where he had the wound.
In other words, the wound was in his back!
To have ripped off the cover of the driver's seat
to remove the remains of blood that were left inside the vehicle
has turned against him.
No, no, you are wrong....
I once saw a man with a scar like this one
and I got one just like it to imitate him.
Stop talking nonsense.
You must believe me, I swear I'm telling you the truth.
And didn't that man whistle a song?!
Come on, speak up!
Eee... Yes...

I-I swear that song was all the rage about 20 years ago!
-Really? -Y-yes...
Sir.
What?
(Think) "The song that that serial killer was whistling was a song
that came into fashion 20 years ago."
Ryuhei Kusumoto, 42 years old.
15 years ago, at the time the events occurred,
I was apparently living abroad...
I already have confirmation;
maybe it would be good to rule him out as a suspect.
Understood.
It looks like he met the man with the scar in a sauna,
just before he went to live abroad.
He says the man was wearing a towel over his head and couldn't see his face.
He laughingly told her that the scar was a sign of courage that a policeman had left on him.
that had been engraved on him by a policeman,
and encouraged him to get one just like it.
Do you know anything about the sauna?
Sato and Takagi have gone there to ask a few questions.
He warns them to tread carefully.
Yes.
We cannot forget that he is a criminal
who murdered 3 people in total:
two 20 years ago and one in fact 15.
You missed one.
Have you already forgotten?
I will never forget...
Superintendent Morimura died
in the line of duty investigating the case.
He was the one who taught me
everything a good police inspector should know.
Superintendent... Morimura?
After your death in the line of duty,
you were promoted two ranks
and I finally made it to the same rank as you.
I still don't understand what you meant by those words.
Ma-Matsumoto,
the song that... chiu... xiueja that... uncle
hides... something;
I'm convinced.
Morimura, what did you mean he was hiding something?
In the end, we didn't get anything out of anything.
There's nothing we can do.
-Let's talk about a case 15 years ago. You're right.
The building itself was renovated
and the clientele has also changed a lot.
They have refurbished the whole hot spring complex and it has very good reviews!
It looks like this.
There are you could invite in Chiba to go and try.
No.
I'll go alone.
-You were inviting me? -Of course. -Of course, what do you think?
I'll tell you what.
If we catch this murderer before the statute of limitations expires,
we'll go to the hot springs together!
-Huh?
But we only have 3 days.
T-Take me to the hot springs.
But listen...
- (Mitsuhiko) Which bar. Huh?
Are you guys flirting while he's on duty?
Just...
How do you want us to be flirting?
We're gathering information for...
Hey.
Don't talk to these kids too much.
You're right. You're right.
Listen, combining the synthesis they did on TV...
...with Superintendent Matsumoto's comments..,
we can say that the first murder was 20 years ago.
The first victim was in Tsuguharu Bokawa,
"A 50-year-old doctor,
and the weapon they used was a catanna that belonged to the Bokawa."
"Within two days, they murdered the professor
"of Science and Technology at Toto University,
"Mr. Atsunori moo, 42 years old,
and the murder weapon was the same catana."
"Afterwards, an investigating inspector
saw a suspicious vehicle and looked to question the driver."
"The suspect fled and ran over the policeman,"
who was killed in the line of duty.
Superintendent Matsumoto, who pursued that vehicle,
was attacked by the killer and despite being wounded in the left eye,
he managed to take the catana from him
and wounded the assassin by cutting him horizontally in the back.
"Five years later, lawyer Susumu Nabe, 34, was killed in his home with a knife,
was murdered in his home with a kitchen knife."
"The killer's method was brutal;
"After knocking the victims unconscious with a Taser,
he would slash them with a catanna or a knife."
Considering that no indication was found that the lock was forced.
that the lock was forced,
the possibility that it was the work of an acquaintance was investigated,
but the victims had no connection
and the investigation reached an impasse.
What?
Did I get it right? Yes, you did...
If the first two victims were killed with the same weapon,
it was easy to think that the crimes were the work of the same person.
It's true.
The murder weapon 15 years ago was a kitchen knife.

How did you know it had been committed by the same killer?
It turns out that...
I'll explain, the victims had a letter on the body...
Wait a minute, Sato.
What are you doing?
But, don't you see that you're not speaking out of turn?
Oops, sorry.
When these guys ask me...
(TV: woman) "So there are only 3 days left..."
Look!
They're talking about that case on TV again.
"Do you think the police will be able to arrest the culprit?"
"Given the current situation, I think it is impossible for them to do so."
"The culprit will surely have the curtains drawn...
"And the telephone wires ripped out,
"He must have cut off any contact with the outside.
and must be trembling with fear waiting for three days to pass."
"He may have made desperate efforts not to draw attention to himself
and let time pass."
"And if I'm wrong, go ahead and come and get me."
"That is if you dare to go out and burden
the effort you've made to run away and hide for 15 years!"
Guys!
I know him, this gentleman!
He lives in the block of apartments next to my house.
How nice.
What a coincidence, that now we were going to play at your house!
Maybe we'll be able to see this guy on TV, right?
That's great.
And while we're at it, that serial killer could also introduce himself.
No, please don't let him come.
Don't let him come.
Oh, you scare me!
Go on, go home and don't drink badly.
Let us know if the killer comes, okay, guys?
Yes!
(Think, see Shinichi) "Mark a letter on the body of the victims?"
(Genta) Wow!
It's amazing!
You can even see the buildings that are well away.
The night scenery must also be beautiful.
(Ayumi) We're back!
-We've bought fruit juice! -And also a pile of sweets.
Hurray!
Have you bought chocolate from Yaiba the Masked?
Of course we did!
By the way, we met a strange man at the entrance of the building.
A strange man?
"He was wearing an unseasonal blazer...
and was whistling a song."
What a ?!
What did the man look like?
Did you see his face?
No.
Between the hat, the hair and the beard, you couldn't really see his face.
Guys, do as I tell you!
Don't leave here until I come back, you guys!
(Think, see Shinichi) "It can't be."
"Has the serial killer fallen for the provocation of the man
who has appeared on TV and come all the way here?"
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right!
-Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right!
-Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

Mr. Hiramune?
When Morimura approached that car,
the man was also whistling that song... with tears in his eyes.
Gee, you, what enthusiasm!
(Think) "The incentive has worked too well."
I finally figured it out.
I know what connects the 4 victims!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The new scar and the whistling man."

