(Shinichi voice) "In a case of serial killings
there were two victims 20 years ago, and one victim 15 years ago."
"In addition, the murderer ran over Inspector Morimura...
when he was trying to interrogate him, and killed him."
"And he also wounded Superintendent Matsumoto, who was then an assistant inspector..,
who was then an assistant inspector."
"The crimes committed 20 years ago are already time-barred.
and those of 15 years ago will be time-barred in three days."
"There are two clues linked to the murderer."
"The first, the horizontal wound...
that the superintendent left well engraved on his back."
"The other is that he beeps."
"As far as anyone knows,
he was whistling a song that became fashionable 20 years ago."
"In the midst of the great investigation
that Takagi and the rest of the police are continuing unabated,
the criminal psychologist Doji Hiramune goes on television
and addresses a series of provocations to the killer."
"And then..."
By the way, we passed a strange man at the entrance of the building.
He was wearing an unseasonal blazer
and was whistling a song.
"No way. The serial killer has come all this way?"
"Love is eternal. Mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"Inspector Takagi is unknown."
"He's going straight to arrest the murderer."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo nimo soba ni iru noni boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
(Conan voice) "The new scar and the whistling man."
(Takagi) Yes?
Do you really mean it, Conan?
Are you saying that it's possible that the perpetrator of the serial murders
has come to this block of apartments?
Yes, that criminal psychologist...
who was on TV a while ago lives in this block of apartments.
I'll go and have a look at this man's apartment.
No.
Conan, wait!
Conan!
-Chiba, send a patrol car over there. -On the double!
-Right away!
(Thinking) "She's not answering..."
"It's open."
Mr. Hiramune, is it home?
Mr. Hiramune...
Mr. Hiramune!
(Thinking) "It's too late."
"What's that?"
"There's blood on his sweatshirt. A zeta?"
(Takagi) The victim is Mr. Doji Hiramune,
a 41-year-old criminal psychologist.
The murder weapon is a fruit knife from the kitchen of the home.
Judging by the mark on the Taser pistol
on the back of his neck
and by the letter of the alphabet engraved on the body,
it is likely that this crime was committed by the same perpetrator of those serial murders.
of those serial murders.
But this time the letter is a zeta.
I also thought that the next letter would be an ene.
According to the investigation reports,
following the order of the murders, he left the letters...
y, ay comes double to the body of the victims.
Therefore, if the next letter were an "ene", it would complete the four cardinal points,
it would complete the four cardinal points.
(Think) "Wait, the sequence of the four cardinal points is....
east, west, south and north,
"so after the e, the double v, and the ese...
the ene should appear."
At the very least, he is clearly not a copycat.
Apart from the fact that it has never been made public
that the killer marks letters on the bodies of his victims,
Conan's friends have said
that they have crossed paths at the building's entrance with a man whistling.
Regardless of whether or not you knew about the case,
it is surprising that just from hearing your friends talk
of a whistling man, you sensed that it was Mr. Hiramune,
who had insulted the murderer on television,
was in danger and you rushed here.

As usual, you act like a police inspector, eh, Conan?
These insults you god have really been so strong?
Yes, he said the murderer was trembling with fear in his bed,
waiting for the statute of limitations to expire,
and that he'd come looking for her, if he dared.
It was quite a provocation.
Yes, Mr. Hiramune has repeated several times...
similar provocations in newspapers and magazines.
After finishing his live appearance at 4:00 p.m.,
Mr. Hiramune has left.
He said he had to meet with an acquaintance at his home.
I think we should look at that acquaintance as a suspect.
It may be that this person has something to do
with photocopiers.
See?
This is what's under Mr. Hiramune's left hand.
The control key and the ce key are stained with blood.
When you press these two keys at the same time you can copy things.
Oh, my goodness.
Yes, that's true.
But maybe the killer left it that way.
But look, the left hand is not stained with blood, you see?
Indeed...
Only his right hand is stained with blood and he's pressing the mouse.
This means that he must have put the blood on the keys with his right hand first
with his right hand and then covered them with his left hand.
Do you think that if the murderer wanted to leave it like this?
he would have done it this way?
Very well thought out.
I suppose he would have made it more obvious, of course.
The blood has not been put on with the left hand
to make it clear that it's not a coincidence.
If he covered the keys with his left hand,
he didn't want the killer to see them.
So this is a message left by Mr. Hiramune
left by Mr. Hiramune just before he died.
At the moment we know that there is a photocopier in the room...
I've examined it before, but I haven't seen anything strange.
You must not be referring to a cover band?
The song the killer was whistling
was a song that was all the rage 20 years ago, right?
In this case, maybe a group has made a new version.
(Man) There are groups like this to bore you.
Superintendent Matsumoto! (All) Superintendent!
That song was all over the world in those days.
But, wow, it seems to have a pretty deep meaning...
for this serial killer coi.
A special meaning?
I guess you know that, 20 years ago,
after the crimes took place,
in Morimura saw a suspicious vehicle
and tried to question the driver,
who fled and ran him over.
(Takagi) Yes.
When in Morimura he approached that car,
the man was also whistling that song with tears in his eyes.
(Think) "He was crying?"
Let's start!
Sato and Chiba, you guys are going to ask questions around the neighborhood.
(At the same time) Okay!
Shiratori, check everything that has to do with Mr. Hiramune
with the photocopier idea present.
That's what I plan to do.
Takagi, go see the families of the three previous victims....
and see if they had any connection with Mr. Hiramune.
-All right? Yes!
As you command, sir!
Gee, you, what enthusiasm!
(Thinks) "The incentive has worked very well..."
(Takagi) We had the murder that will be time-barred in three days,
but with this new crime committed by the same perpetrator,
I have 15 more years before the statute of limitations expires!
Wait, they revised the Code of Criminal Procedures....
and this new crime will have a statute of limitations of 25 years.
If I can catch this serial killer over the next 25 years,
(laughs)
I will be able to go with the Sato... to the hot springs!
Now I get it.
That's why you're more excited than usual.
-What a shame. Hot springs, what envy!
Come on, let's go!
Bring him to us too!
What the fuck are you doing in this car?!
You let us get in it yourself.
Don't you remember?
(Haibara) When we asked you where you were in the parking lot...
you opened the door without saying a word.
You seemed to have your head somewhere else, that's why.
The hot springs... Sorry, I was thinking about the case.
What are you going to do now?
Are you going to drive us around in the car?
Or will you make us get out?
Of course I'll make you get out.

What do you guys think?
But the Ayumi and Haibara have crossed paths with the killer, you know that.
Listen, now I'm going to pay a visit...
the relatives of the victims from 20 years ago and 15 years ago.
But it is that on television they have said
that the families of the victims are also suspected, haven't you heard?
-That's true.
-It doesn't matter.
If you want to wait 25 years
and Inspector Sato is over 50 years old
and she's a burnt out mature home invader, you just wake up by yourself.
- (Takagi and Conan) Burnt flames? -Now she's gorgeous!
-She's very pretty!
-She's a fantastic buy!
Listen to me: the only one who can get out of the car is Conan.
All the rest of you stay here and wait quietly, okay?
(All) Yes!
Listen, the person we're going to see now...
is the wife of Dr. Tsuguharu Bokawa, the first victim,
who was killed 20 years ago, right?
That's right.
Doctor Bokawa was the director of a large hospital
and, as his wife, Maiko, inherited a huge fortune,
she was considered a suspect in the investigation.
But no evidence was found for this hypothesis
and she had no link to mugido,
who was the second of the victims.
(Timbre)
Yes, I do know him, this man.
It is Mr. Hiramune,
that criminal psychologist that appears on television.
Why do you ask?
What happened to her?
It turns out that she was murdered in her house a while ago.
She was probably killed by the same person
who murdered her husband 20 years ago.
(Mrs. Bokawa) It's horrible...
We thought that maybe there was some kind of relationship
between your late husband and Mr. Hiramune.
(Mrs. Bokawa) I don't know.
How old was Mr. Hiramune?
41 years old.
So 20 years ago I was 21
and my husband was 50 when he died.
I'm sorry, but I doubt very much that they had any kind of relationship.
I can understand that.
And your husband wasn't seeing someone on the sly?
-Huh? -Who is this guy?
I'm studying how an inspector works
for social studies.
Ah.
Now I get it.
I'd say that on Saturday nights he often met someone and drank,
but I don't know where.
-Do you know who that person was? -No...
Just one day when he came back very-very drunk he said:
"Damn! How dare you call me crybabies? You crybabies!"
"Do you take me for an imbecile or what?"
He kept protesting.
Could it be a childhood friend of my husband's perhaps?
This was also explained to the police 20 years ago.
The person we are going to see
is the younger brother of Mr. Atsunori Moo,
who was a professor of Science and Technology.
He was murdered two days after he died in Bokawa,
also 20 years ago.
He was suspected because his brother
had a large life insurance policy,
but he was not found to have any connection with Bokawa,
the first victim.
And what about en Nabe, the third victim?
Naturally, no link was found with him either.
Ah, Mr. Doji Hiramune, a criminal psychologist?
Even if I'm told that he often appears on TV programs
I don't care, because I don't watch TV, I hate it.
Mr. Hiramune was murdered.
The same killer who killed his brother Yasunori did it.
-Ah... -What?
Aren't you surprised?
Yes, anyway...
Look, when my brother's murder became time-barred five years ago,
I decided to forget the whole thing.
So, tell me:
did Mr. Hiramune and your older brother know each other?
I don't know... I would say no.
What? (Flow) Saturday nights. (Flux) Saturday nights.
Did your older brother meet anyone on Saturday nights?
Yes.
My brother's wife, who died last year,
he/she explained me that often on Saturday night he/she went out
and didn't come back until the next morning.
Thinking he was doing the jump on her,
the wife would continually send messages
to my brother's pager
and, sick of hearing it ring, he called in a fury.
He said, "I'm going to the doctor now! Don't bother me anymore, you feel ?"

And this doctor could be Mr. Bokawa,
the first thing they killed?
Yes... The inspector 20 years ago said the same thing and investigate it.
Eh?
But it seems my brother's name wasn't on his list of patients.
Yes, it seems so.
-What, Takagi, how did it go? -What, Takagi, how did it go?
-Did you find out anything?
Nothing at all, guys.
Ayumi, Haibara,
did this man look like the killer to you?
I didn't get the impression that he looked anything like him.
I didn't think the lady from before did either.
Let's see, if we put on a long wig...
and a beard like the one he wore when we crossed paths,
I suppose it would look different.
It's true.
And now where are we going?
The last place we're going to is the Eiki's house,
the son of the lawyer Susumu Nabe,
who was murdered five years after
those first murder cases 20 years ago.
At the time of the events, Eiki was ten years old.
At the time the crime was committed he was in his room
and was awakened by his father's screams.
When the murderer left he stayed locked in the room until his mother returned from shopping.
until his mother returned from shopping.
The mother had such a strong trauma when she found her husband dead,
that she became ill and had to make her bed,
and she is still in the hospital today.
I understand that today Eiki lives alone in that house.
(Man) Leave me alone once and for all, inspector!
I've already talked enough about what happened!
I'm fed up!
The media don't stop coming
to tell me that the crime is about to expire!
I don't give a damn that the person who murdered my father
killed I don't know what other victim!
Well, you couldn't even tell me...
if your father had ever seen Mr. Hiramune?
I have no idea, asshole!
Asshole?
I understand he didn't have these reactions before.
Is that so?
According to the inspectors, he was talking about the time of the crime,
the strange comments his father had made before he died.
When he remembered something new, he reported it to the police.
Strange comments?
It seems he was in the habit of sleeping until noon on Sundays,
and when he got up he would mutter something.
"Yesterday was also terrible, they rammed the right head."
Maybe he meant that someone ran over a family head.
Yes.
Of course, that man was a lawyer.
And he was prosecuting a case for an offender or a victim.
Right.
And what's so strange about this comment?
In Susumu Nabes he was specialized in business law
and he didn't work on any cases related to traffic accidents.
So what's the point? -We don't know.
The Eiki found it strange and that's why he reported it to the police.
(Think) "Ploramiques", "Now I'm going to the doctor",
"Someone rammed the head"...
(Conan voice) Now I understand.
I've finally figured it out.
I know what connects the four victims.
The mahjong ?!
So, Conan, tell me about it.
Are you saying that the element connecting the four victims
is the mahjong?
In Hiramune there are several allusions to the TV show,
"The impending statute of limitations"
and "contact cut to wait for time to pass".
These were all expressions that are used in mahjong.
Hiramune loved this game.
This makes sense, but what about the other three victims?
Dr. Bokawa, the first victim,
when he returned home drunk, he kept complaining:
"Ploramiques, crybabies! Do you take me for an imbecile or what?"
Professor moo, the professor of Science and Technology,
also on Saturday nights,
upon hearing his wife's messages, called him...
and said to him very angrily, "Now I'm going to the doctor. Don't bother me anymore."
We also know that lawyer Nabes would sleep until noon on Sundays
and when he woke up he would mutter:
"Yesterday was also terrible, they rammed the right head."
The word "crybabies" from in Bokawa
is used at mahjong with people who "weep" often.
But I don't understand why they cry.
Mahjong is just a game.
A player trills when, in order to win the game, as soon as possible,
takes a piece that someone else has discarded
to make a grouping of three or four pieces.

So what did he mean by...
"It was terrible, they rammed the right head"?
I'm convinced that your son misunderstood
the phrase "they rammed the right head".
The head is the person who acts as the playmaker,
and can receive a higher score.
"Ramming it right-side up" is the "full hand",
which allows to win the game when the points take more value.
Surely he meant that the head won with a very high score and that it complicated things for him.
and that it complicated things for him.
But... what about Mr. Moo's "now I'm going to the doctor"?
Surely his words were exactly:
"Now I have an 'isshanten'. Don't bother me anymore, go."
Now I get it!
In Japanese it sounds just like "I'm going to the doctor."
And what the hell does it mean, this "isshanten," eh?
When you only need two pieces to win the game,
you have an "isshanten", it's called that.
I mean, the man was angry because he was about to win....
and the pager was annoying him because it kept ringing.
Anyway, these are all mahjong terms,
and it's understandable that someone who has never played the game
misunderstood the words.
Indeed, those comments
were felt by Mrs. Bokawa and Mrs. Moo;
and then Eiki, Mr. Nabe's son, who was still small.
And the comment that the Eiki heard the murderer say
must also have had something to do with mahjong.
A comment?
It seems that Eiki sensed a comment made by the murderer just before he left.
just before he left: "Don't take it the wrong way,
you made me take responsibility."
"You're to blame for throwing that provocation at me."
"I got hung up on fishing and a policeman wounded me
and left me with this huge scar."
"Taking responsibility" and "getting hung up fishing"
are mahjong terms.
What's next?
How do we move on, let's see?
Well, it's obvious.
It's quite possible that the four of them sat around a table
to play mahjong on Saturday nights.
We should look for the mahjong rooms that were around 20 years ago
around the edge of these men's homes or work and ask questions.
In the mahjong halls
one can find strangers playing mahjong together, regardless of the age difference
regardless of the age difference between them.
Very cool!
Junior Detective League!
Let's go, everybody!
Just a moment, kids.
Already go well in time?
It's already nine o'clock!
Don't suffer for us.
I told mother I'd sleep at Dr. Agasa's house.
-No problem! -Go on.
-Cójala you, we're going out! -Yes! - (all) Yes!
(thinks) "You'll see, whistling man."
I'll uncover your true identity at all costs.
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

The address is unknown and he was unemployed, but it is said...
Kibo Dokuro!
The zeta that he has left marked on the body of Mr. Hiramune
I'm not convinced.
That man is a cat.
Be very alert and be smart not even a little bit.
"Be careful! You can lose your life in an instant."
I think I'm the only hostage you can count on.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:"
"The ancient scar and the spirit of an inspector."

