"In Doji Hiramune, a criminal psychologist....
"Who had directed a series of provocations to a serial killer,
"Perpetrator of crimes that are on the verge of the statute of limitations,
has been murdered in his home."
"On the murderer's back he has marked a Z."
"On the lifeless body of the other 3 victims of the serial killer,
the letters E, S and W were found marked."
"This, added to the fact that the Haibara and Ayumi...
"They have seen a suspect whistling,
"has enabled the police to determine
that it is a new crime of the serial killer."
"I have accompanied Inspector Takagi,
"who was going to interrogate the families of the previous victims,
"And I found out that the common link between the four victims
is mahjong."
"I will find out the true identity of the serial killer
at all costs!"
"Love is eternal. Mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"A trap for an excited Inspector Takagi."
"Love and the case make an unexpected twist."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"The ancient scar and the spirit of an inspector."
(Man) Of course!
Yes, I know these men!
They were exceptional customers who always played mahjong together.
What memories... Mm?
Who is this man?
(Takagi) It's Mr. Hiramune, a criminal psychologist.
This is a recent photo, that's why.
(Takagi) Ah!
Sure, he's the student who always met with them!
So, they all played mahjong at this club?
Yes.
On Saturdays at 10 o'clock at night they always met to play!
"They were a doctor, a professor of Science and Technology,
"A lawyer who was just starting out
and a university student studying criminal psychology."
"Despite their different ages, they got along very well....
and they were always talking about some crime and making deductions."
They said things like the murderer was the husband,
that it had been staged with medical knowledge...
And, on top of that, they were often right;
I was dumbfounded.
What's wrong with these four men?
They were murdered.
They were killed by the same murderer.
They were killed?!
-All 4 at once? -No, man, the first 20 years. -No, man, the first 20 years.
That... You didn't know?
I don't watch the news much.
I just checked the newspapers
the articles of the crimes that they deduced.
Anyway, these four men were coming around for two years...
and from then on I didn't look at the papers anymore.
That they stopped coming? -Yes.
"They were talking about I don't know what perfect crime,
but I didn't get a good feel for them."
"After that the only thing that came from time to time was that student,
"But he was sitting alone at a table
and he was brooding and wiping the pieces sadly."
Wait!
It is possible that the murderer was that man!
What do you mean?
You suspect someone?!
"There was a client who often played tricks in his deductions."
And then, when the others stopped coming...
and the student was at the table waiting,
that same client began to get angry
and provoked a huge fight!
That time, that man shouted at him:
"None of you will get out alive!"
-And do you know who he was, that man?! - I don't know.
He was a man with a bad reputation,
but I couldn't tell you his name.
Do you remember the case of the theft of a gun years and years ago?
There was an uproar
because while an officer was asleep in a police station,
someone took his service weapon,

and returned it to him after two days.
According to rumors, that customer was the one who committed the crime.
These are the mahjong pieces that were thrown in the fight.
They were damaged and can no longer be used.
Was it that troublesome customer who said he threw them?
Yes. Who reordered the pieces?
Myself...
After two policemen came to break up the fight and take them away,
I got them and put them in the briefcase.
So, this means...
that only your fingerprints are on these pieces,
Mr. Hiramune's and that customer's, right?
Who the hell is he, this nano?
A kid who's doing a job for social services.
If the police took him into custody,
it's possible there's a record of what he's saying.
Yeah, you're right!
If you don't mind,
leave us these damaged pieces and give us your fingerprints.
Sure.
Last week... I got a strange phone call.
"They asked me if this was where a doctor,"
a university professor, a lawyer and a criminal psychologist.
What?
You found out who the perpetrator of the serial murders might be?
Yes, the local police station has documented...
that brought him here
after a fight with Mr. Hiramune.
No known address and he was unemployed, but his name is... Kibo Dokuro.
Kibo?
Kibo Dokuro?
The one from the robbery... with murder?
I could've sworn that man served his 15-year prison sentence
and was released the other day...
Serial murders were stopped for 15 years for that.
We couldn't stop him
because we had him behind bars ourselves?
Yes, for sure.
Molt well!
Put yourself look for this man immediately and take him to me!
Yes, sir!
Oh, my goodness!
God-hay-do, the enthusiasm you put into Takagi.
He's got a girlfriend now? Yes.
At least that's what the rumors say.
Tell him not to let his guard down.
In television series and movies you see stories
where an inspector dies in the line of duty
because he was too possessed
because of a promise he made to his wife or girlfriend.
But those are just stories, Inspector.
This happened to Morimura.
"He was scheduled to get married after a month..."
and he was so impatient to prove his worth to the bride..,
that he was run over by the suspect's car.
-Sato, let's go!
Let's go, let's go! Yes!
I don't know.
Maybe I've gotten old...
Eh? I'm talking about the scar.
"You have reacted to the man
"who only met the suspect in the sauna,
"And when I entered the crime scene of the fourth victim,"
it started to hurt me a little bit.
And now, just a few hours later,
it's calmed down as if all of a sudden it's all over.
It could be heaven's way of telling me
of communicating to me that my task is over.
What a nerve!
I thought your research had come a long way
and it turns out there was Conan behind it.
This cancels out the promise of going to the hot springs.
What a ?
And what's wrong?
Why don't you go together?
But if you have found out who is the murderer!
-Don't be so stingy! -No way!
Work and personal relationships should never mix!
I had forgotten that one false step can mean losing your life.
I'll take the kids home with my car,
you meet with Chiba and the rest, and investigate Kibo!
-Yes!
(Mobile)
This is Sato, please say.
How do you say?
You've been captured in Kibo?
They just found it in your house
and now they're taking him straight here.
"Session request to take Mr. Nabes' son to the police station."
They must want me to identify the voice.
When he was little, he sensed what voice the killer had.
"Right. Take care of everything for us."
Takagi, go get the Eiki.
Yes!
Okay!
I didn't expect you to capture the serial killer so easily.
Too bad.
I thought there would be some exciting chase.
With shootout and all included.
This only happens in the movies and on TV.
Reality is boring.
You don't look happy.
The Z marked on Mr. Hiramune's body doesn't convince me.
"The 3 previous victims were marked with the letters E, S and W,

so the last one must have been an N."
Perhaps they were random and had no meaning.
The usual order to refer to the 4 cardinal points is not E, S, W and N, but E, W, S and N.
is not E, S, W and N, but E, W, S and N.
No, in the case of mahjong,
the order is "ton", "dwarf", "has" and "pei",
and this pattern fits E, S and W.
But then what does it look like, the Z?
After murdering him I was planning to leave the body on the ground!
In this position, the Z becomes an N.
It could be, but in this case, the question is why he didn't do it.
You're right...
Speaking of things that intrigue,
there's that thing about these two blood-stained keys.
That is, the control key and the C key.
It is well known that with these two keys one can copy content.
But why was he pressing the mouse cable?
The mouse?
You know that rounded thing you use
when you want to work with the computer?
Since there is a cable coming out of it, it looks like the tail of a mouse.
-That's why they call it that. -Ostras.
I know!
So, since he's holding the tail of a mouse, that man is a cat.
Ay, Ayumi, what a cute thing to say, queen!
Eh?
-It's true! -You don't need to get mad at me either.
(Think) "A cat?!
"I got it! That's what it was all about!"
"This serial murder case was finished 15 years ago."
Have mercy, Mr. Inspector!
I've already told you that I've spent 15 years behind bars.
Now that I'm finally out,
it's absurd to catch me for committing another crime!
Do you think this man is what we're looking for?
Don't you think we'll find out if we count on the Eiki Nabe,
who felt the killer's voice when he was a little boy?
Hey, Megure... what do you think?
How do you think a suspect would react
if an inspector who got a wound on his face
suddenly appeared in front of him?
I guess he'd be surprised.
I've crossed paths with this man before and he didn't even move an eyebrow.
It could be that this Kibo Dokuro didn't...
(Sato) What do you mean?
That this Kibo Dokuro is not the perpetrator of the serial killings?
(Sato) Why do you say that?
Because as a criminal psychologist,
Mr. Hiramune knew what kind of person he was, in Kibo.
"And, on top of that, if the two of them were fighting at the mahjong club,
it's unthinkable that they would now decide to meet to see each other."
Moreover, in the message he had left before he died,
Mr. Hiramune meant
That she was not killed by the serial killer.
"The blood was on the control and C keys, which stand for 'copy.....
"And if we combine it with him squeezing the mouse cable."
giving the image of a cat that has caught a mouse by the tail....
we get 'copycat'.
The work of a copycat who has replicated the methods of the serial killer!
A... copycat ?!
What does it say now?
A copycat who eats between meals?
It doesn't mean an orchestral bell ringer.
He says percussionist!
He speaks of a copycat.
Someone who commits a crime by imitating the methods of another murderer.
-How? But why is it a cat?
They call it a "copycat"
so that cat cubs imitate the mother's behavior.
But how did Hiramune know that it was a copycat?
He knew for sure because....
"The person who was the real serial killer was Hiramune himself.
was Hiramune himself."
What ?!
Seen in this way, it is logical...
that the one marked on his back is a Z.
"Think that the murderer must have the horizontal scar
from the sword cut made by Superintendent Matsumoto."
"So that the scar would not attract attention.
"And there would be no doubt whether or not Hiramune could be the serial killer,
"He marked that letter of the alphabet
superimposed on the scar."
Indeed, by acting in this way,
he could make it look like the crime was the work of the serial killer!
Yes.
By making it look that way,
it would make the police chase a serial killer who was already dead
and ensure that his name would not enter the investigation of the case.
Right.
And who was it, that copycat?
Do you know?
If it was that man whistling, that means it's likely...
that he's a relative of one of the victims.
That's strange.
If the lights are on.
Oh... It's open.
Mr. Nabe, I'm that policeman who came in earlier.
Mr. Nabe?

Could you come to the police station?
Mr. Nabe!
- (knock) - (shout)
All the relatives of the victims
knew the detail of the letters that the murderer marked on the body,
"But there was only one person who knew that he was whistling
and who used terms of his own..."
...of mahjong.
It can't be!
You mean the Eiki Nabe, who was at home when the crime was committed?
Of course he was.
Because he knew the killer's voice.
"When he saw Hiramune on TV and heard his voice,
he became suspicious."
"He went to all the mahjong clubs
"Where his father might have gone to play,
"checked the connection between the 3 victims and Hiramune,"
and confirmed that the latter was the serial killer.
That it took him 15 years to come to this conclusion
is explained by the fact that he did not know
what mahjong terms were like until he was an adult.
Wait a minute, please!
The Eiki was the man who was so angry when we went to his house?
Inspector Takagi went to look for him!
(CLEC)
You are a full-fledged police inspector
investigating the serial murder case.
As expected, you're carrying your gun.
But if you've come alone,
it means you still haven't figured out that I'm the killer!
What do you mean?
The killer?
You can't be.
Don't tell me you murdered your father 15 years ago!
Ha-ha-ha!
You fool!
That was Hiramune's doing!
-What?! - Today I avenged his father's death!
I called the wretched Hiramune
and told him that I had remembered
something in connection with my father's murder
and that I wanted to ask him about it before going to the police.
He agreed to meet with me.
(laughs)
He didn't see it coming that I wanted revenge!
"It only took a little threatening to get him to start talking."
"His motive for murdering my father and the others.
"It was a topic they brought up while playing mahjong:
the perfect crime."
"They talked about whether one could steal a gun from a police station
without anyone noticing."
They had different opinions,
but in the end he decided to put it into practice.
and proved that it was possible to commit the perfect crime.
"However, even though he expected them to flatter her,
"the doctor and the professor booed him
and told him that they refused to continue playing with a criminal."
"At that moment, he feared that it might harm his future....
And he killed them."
She told my father that he had incited her to commit those crimes
and that this made him an accomplice,
which kept him quiet for a while.
But after five years,
my father proposed that she turn herself in to the police.
and he killed him with the same method!
So, what do we do now?
Even if he runs away with your car, I guess he'll catch me right away.
(Mobile: vibrates)
What the...?
This is my cell phone!
Gee, your girlfriend is calling you, inspector?
Perfect, tell her to come here!
She'll be my hostage!
Don't worry, you don't have to worry!
If I get away safely, I'll let her go.
- (mobile: vibrates) -Afanya't take the call!
I guess you already know this, but if you say something crazy, I'll shoot you.
What a ?!
Oh, my gosh!
Looks like the cell phone is broken.
I guess I'm the only hostage you can count on.
Insolent!
(Matsumoto) "What are you talking about?! That the suspect is the Eiki Nabe?!"
Yes!
We know for sure that he's the one who killed Hiramune!
I have not been able to get in touch with Inspector Takagi,
who went to look for him!
Send reinforcements urgently!
"Police inspectors! Go to Eiki Nabe's house!"
It is possible that the suspect is in possession of Takagi's gun!
Be very alert and Be ready not a bit!
"Watch out! One can lose one's life in an instant!"
(thinks) "Takagi..."
- (blows) - (gasps)
You bastard... Did you take me for an asshole?
(gasps) Shit!
Now I'll have to...
Goddamn police!
They've already noticed?!
(Think) "No way, if the Sato..."
"If she suddenly came in now...!"
Eh?
-Iaaaaaaaaaaaaah! -Merda.
"Sato..."
(Sato) What?
It can't be!
He's been shot... at Takagi?!
What... did you say?
That it happened just like in the movies and TV series.
That's bullshit!

Why should I die
because of a promise to go to a hot spring?!
-Hot springs? -Inspector Takagi!
Wait... it happens very often that, during an investigation,
one carries a piece of evidence in his pocket...
and it saves him from being shot by the killer.
Eh?
"A piece of mahjong?"
"That's right, he has kept the pieces in his jacket pocket,
the mahjong club."
Despite having been shot, thanks to having retained the Eiki,
the agents who entered the house were able to capture him
and get out unharmed.
And he was also saved, fortunately.
So..., is he okay?
She has been given and is now sleeping in a room.
Deeply.
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

The composer of that song
had created it from the idea of "business as usual".
Superintendent Matsumoto said that at Doji Hiramune he whistled it because he wished that Saturday nights would be more pleasant.
because he wished that the Saturday nights
that they devoted over two years to those dueling deductions...
would go on forever.
Now he understood.
Anyway... But, wounded as you are, we won't be able to go to the hot springs.
How could we?
Th-that promise still stood?
Of course it was.
You really tried hard this time.
Too bad.
It always ends up the same for me.
-Ostres. Huh?
"On the day of the bomb case... The day of the hammer man..."
Something always happens when I'm about to...
Which is Takagi's room? I think it's 3-0-4.
Hot springs... Hot springs?
-When you're about to do what? -Ah... About it...
They always interrupt us...
Wait!
Hello, Conan!
They just gave him the painkillers, Inspector Takagi.
He's completely asleep now.
-You'd better not wake him... -Don't wake him up.
They should come back later.
-You're right. -We can come again in the afternoon.
Yes, we'll be back.
Now they'll take us to the hot springs with them!
Sure.
(Thinking) "No. I don't think so..."
What?
You mean the haunted house?
It says a very strange man lives there.
I think... I think this whole thing should be investigated...
...the Junior Detective League!
How come there's no name... written on the entrance?
Why did he have to go live in that haunted house?
What do you think he was up to? What if we investigate it?
Otherwise, we won't solve the mystery.
Don't miss the next episode!
"The secret of the missing artwork!"

