(Radio: male) "Police inspectors! Head for Eiki Nabe's house!"
It is possible that the suspect is in possession of Takagi's gun.
Be very alert and Be smart not a bit!
"Be careful!"
"One can lose one's life in an instant!"
Bastard!
Damn police!
Have they already noticed?!
(Think) "It can't be, if the Sato..."
Aaaaaaaah !!!!!
"Sato!"
He was shot... at Takagi?
Why would she die
because of a promise to go to a hot spring?!
-Hot springs? -Inspector Takagi!
Wait...
it happens quite often that, during an investigation,
one carries a piece of evidence in his pocket...
and it saves him from being shot by the killer.
So... is she okay?
She's been hit and now she's sleeping in a room.
Deeply.
"Love is eternal, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"A letter from Kaito Kid warns
that his next target is an impregnable safe."
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"In Kaito Kid vs. the impossible safe. Part one."
"A near-suicidal attempt... to apprehend a suspect.
A police inspector is shot
while trying to immobilize a suspect who is finally apprehended."
You're talking about yourself here, aren't you, Inspector Takagi?
Well, yes.
Of course, surely this wouldn't have happened
if the suspect hadn't grabbed my gun earlier.
You were lucky that thanks to my powers of deduction...
we were able to discover that the serial killer
had a scar down the middle of his back.
(Think) "Of course, as usual, I don't remember anything."
I'm glad the case was solved.
Yes, so am I.
And for other things, of course.
Inspector Takagi.
Inspector Takagi!
What? It's... it's turned red.
What's the matter?
How come he's turned red?
It's- It's- It's not at all.
En-Eh?
Not at all, really.
I know, because... I saw it.
Mm? Eh?
And what did you see?
Can you explain it to us?
It was at the hospital with Sato and... No!
Conan, shut up!
Since you're always on the winning side...
Eh?
...they think they're who-knows-what.
Inspector Nakamori!
On the other hand, I've been a thousand times...
on the verge of catching this pretentious thief..,
and I've been left with my head screwed up and honey in my mouth.
Aaah!
Creeeema!
Oh, excuse me.
-Is it too hot? -No, it's fine now.
Hm?
With the buckets of cold water I've been getting,
something hot is good enough for me.
Buckets... of cold water?
Yes, and since this Kaito Kid hasn't shown any signs of life in a while,
I don't really have anything to motivate me anymore.
What's that?
But-but who doesn't read the newspapers?
The newspapers?!
There is a news about him on the front page.
It says that the Kaito Kid has sent a letter to Jirokichi Suzuki,
his rival, and challenges him.
What?!
Hm?
- (reporters: uproar) -We want information, please!
Here, here, please!
What do you want to steal, in Kid, this time?
Answer.
-You can't hide it from us! -We want to know what you want to steal, in Kid!
-Yes, you're right.
You're right. Come on, answer at once!
-How should I know?
You don't know?
I'll read you the letter, and you decide.
"You'd better resign, Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki.
Don't face a futile battle,
"surrender before the darkness engulfs the moon...
and that I, before your eyes, manage to steal the safe
that has been entrusted to you for generations.
Signed: Kaito... Kid ".
What safe?
The big safe?
That's right.

The safe that the government envies me.
"The work of art that the great puppeteer Kichiemon Samizu is believed to have made
the great puppeteer Kichiemon Samizu just before he died."
The great impregnable safe, the Iron Badger.
This is the letter he sent me in Kid.
-Oh!
Can we see it?
Sisplau: Can we photograph it?
Well, apparently, in Kid is more interested in the safe
than in its contents,
"But, in fact, I'm very interested to see...
"If he is able to open the Iron Badger,"
a feat that has been attempted by the greatest thieves of all ages,
but so far, no one... no one has managed it.
-Very interesting! -Huh?
They send him a defiant letter-and he can't think of anything more
that he summoned the press before informing the police!
Oh!
It's Inspector Nakamori!
Inspector Nakamori, please answer.
What do you intend to do, now, to stop the Kaito Kid?
I have no idea.
Five minutes ago I didn't know anything about it.
I advise you to look at the drawing at the bottom of the letter
that the Kid has sent me.
What?
What?
T-this drawing now is different from the ones before.
That is precisely why I had not said anything to the police,
because it could be an impostor.
Yeah, and then how come you told the press, huh?
Because if I win a challenge that everyone thinks is real,
my fame as a hero will increase considerably, don't you think?
(He thinks) "This old man thinks of nothing but his fame."
Anyway, the police have no business getting involved,
because it's not the Kaito Kid who sent the letter.
What?
He says it may be an impostor?
Are you sure it's not the Kaito Kid who sent the letter?
Yes.
Or so says my uncle Jirokichi.
You got the photo of the letter I sent you on your cell phone, right?
You didn't see anything strange? Oh, yes, I did.
It's true that the picture wasn't the same.
There was some difference.
(Think, see Shinichi) "Besides, when the Kaito Kid writes a letter, he always writes in horizontal letters,
"He always does it with horizontal letters,
with old phrases... and very strange expressions."
Then, may I know why you made us come here?
Tell you intuition.
I have a feeling that in the end the KID will show up.
Although it seems to me that I am not the only one who has it,
this feeling.
A piece of advice, do not trust that it is not him, or he will catch you unawares.
Tonight there is a new moon, when the darkness will engulf the moon,
just as the letter says.
Keep a close watch around the room where the safe is.
-Yes, sir! -In Nakamori it's already here.
But I don't understand one thing: how come you have to watch the surroundings of the room?
Wouldn't it be better to watch the room
where the safe is from the inside?
There is no need to watch the room from the inside.
Don't they want to see the crown jewel?
If they see it, they will be convinced.
(Think) "A safe from in Kichiemon Samizu."
"Come to think of it, a while ago, we had a very bad time,
in a house I had built in Kichiemon."
Ooooh.... Oh!
So this is the impregnable safe.
So, right off the bat, it doesn't look like it would be very easy to open.
(Thinks) "There's nothing, in this room. No furniture."
It's built into the wall.
It looks more like a room, than a safe.
Oh, and so much.
It is about 4 meters deep, and more than two meters high.
The walls are made of iron, 50 centimeters thick,
it's like a kind of armored bunker.
During the war, when there was a bombing,
we used to take shelter with my parents.
It was a big air-raid shelter and thanks to that we survived.
So, it must have respirators, too.
Yes.
There's a small opening.
At the bottom.
There.
It goes from side to side and it's about 3 centimeters high.
But how did they do it, to get out?
Was there someone who opened it for them from the outside?
There was no need.
From the inside, it's very easy to open.
From the outside, it's a different matter, that's why,
and I'm the only one left who knows how to open it.
How interesting!
I'll take a closer look.
Quiet, over here!
If I'm not mistaken, you smoke, don't you, detective?
Ah, yes, I do.
Could I have a cigarette, please?
Sure, sure.
Of course, of course.
Ah!
Aaah...
Ah.

He is a bodyguard I have recently hired.
He's suspicious, but very loyal.
Well, looky here.
With your permission, detective.
What is it, this noise?
An earthquake?
-It won't take long to find out. Aah!
The room is... it's surrounded by bars!
It's a weight sensor I had installed.
It detects even the weight of a single cigarette.
(Think) "Now I know why there's no furniture, in the room."
Now do you understand, detective,
why I didn't let you near the safe?
I would have had a bit of a hard time.
Ha-ha-ha!
"This old man has a very particular sense of humor."
(Pip)
Akitsu, take the ground cigarette and throw it in the trash.
But if I go inside, won't the bars fall down on me, and I'll be slaughtered?
Don't be an ass, it's disconnected!
Go inside and take the earth cigarette!
Yes, sir!
It's new, I rented it not long ago,
but it didn't take me two days to know it's useless.
I already have the cigarette, sir.
What do I do?
The lathe to Mr. Mouri?
What are you, a donkey?
You want me to smoke a cigarette that has fallen to the ground?!
Ah!
-Fill it in the trash, go! -Ah!
Yes, sir!
When you've finished what you're doing,
would you mind stepping away from the door?
They hinder the work of the police.
Hm!
I told you you were wasting your time.
The letter is from an imposter.
Detective Mouri, you can go home now.
Nothing will happen, tonight.
You heard him, this goes for you too, Kid's little archrival.
Hm.
-What?
We're going home? -What?
Going home?!
It doesn't look like the Kaito Kid has to come.
No, it's obvious.
(Sonoko) And can't you stay a little longer?
Ouch!
(Sonoko) Eh?
Ouch, did I hurt you?
Sorry, I didn't mean to.
N-no.
I'm sorry, I didn't see you.
I was on all fours looking for the puppy and-and I got distracted.
Oh, who did you say you were looking for?
Uncle's puppy?
Yes.
Well, I'm sorry, but if you're looking for Lupin, you won't find him.
Uncle told me he got sick.
-They had to take him to the hospital. -What?!? !!!
But you didn't know that, and you're his maid?
Ah, it's just that today is the first day I'm working here.
I really like dogs...
and I was very excited to come to work here...
and see his uncle's dog.
My uncle died a month ago, and I miss him very much.
Wow!
That's too bad.
Yes.
He had him since I was very little.
Poor thing, he was already very old, that's why.
Ouch!
I shouldn't talk to you.
I'm working.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Inspector!
-Huh? -Orders from Superintendent Chaki. -Superintendent Chaki's orders.
-We must leave. What what?
It seems you've received a call from Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki, Inspector.
No wonder.
They were talking about their college days together.
You can tell they were close friends.
Man, the security measures here seem pretty efficient.
Yeah, I guess we can leave.
I don't think they need us.
Hey, Grandpa!
-Hey, Grandpa! -Hey, Grandpa! -Hey?
Disengage the security system right now,
and see what's inside, on the floor!
A piece of paper that wasn't there before.
What is it?
It's a note.
"As promised,
"I'll come and fetch the treasure in the badger's belly
before the face of the moon disappears into the darkness.
Kaito Kid."
And he wrote this one himself!
But how did he manage to leave the note in the room?
I don't understand why the weight sensor didn't detect it.
Aah...
Eh?
I still think he's an imposter.
(Man) That's impressive!
There are more and more members of the security forces
are gathering around Mr. Suzuki's house
to protect the safe.
Will he dare to show up, in Kid, as he promised?
when he sees all these security measures?
He will come!
Of course he will!
I am convinced, he will come,
with that plantificat smirk on his face.
Listen to him well,
we'll wipe that smile off his face forever.
-Are you with me? -Yes!
I don't see why you have to make such a fuss, over an impostor.
He is not, an impostor!
I admit that the first letter he sent you in defiance of it,
gave me a bad feeling, but I think...

that it was part of a strategy to discredit the police.
Now, the note we found here, on the floor of the room, bears his signature, and there is no doubt that it is his!
bears your signature, and there is no doubt that it is yours!
I don't understand why you insist that this is an impostor.
All right, but even if he is not an impostor,
I don't see the need for such security.
I might remind you that the box was constructed by
the genius creator of all sorts of devices, Kichiemon Samizu,
and that there is nothing of value inside, Mr. Inspector!
The only interest he has in Kaito is to prove that he can open it.
But it is so well made, so well designed and so safe,
that even I, who am the only one who knows how to open it,
I'm often wrong,
dangerous thing and that more than once has been about to cost me my life.
I don't know if I make myself clear.
It is impossible for me to open it!
And I remind you that we are talking about Kaito, the best thief that has ever existed,
capable of opening any safe that is put in front of him.
It is possible that he can open it,
but I swear he won't even get close!
Haven't you seen it?
I have already shown you what will happen.
Once in the Kaito Kid put one foot inside the room,
the weight sensors will activate the mechanism
that will lower the iron bars
and he will be trapped like a mouse inside a mousetrap.
But how do you explain that the Kid was able to
the note inside the room and the bars have not come down?
Surely he must have a way... to get around the security measures.
There's one thing for sure, that's why:
when the Kaito Kid left this note in the room,
he had to be very close to us, didn't he?
What?
When we opened the door to the room
safe the first time, there was nothing on the floor,
but when we opened it again, there was the note, right?
And in all this time, we have not been very far from the door.
If someone leaves something on the floor when the sensor is disconnected,
will the sensor detect it later when it is switched on again?
No, the weight detector only detects things that fall or come in....
after it has been switched on.
So, they have put the note when the sensor was disconnected.
Hey, man, you disconnected the sensor for a moment, didn't you?
Yes, when your uncle wanted to show us how it worked...
"And he threw a cigarette on the floor of the room."
What is it, this noise?
An earthquake?
-It won't take long to find out ho. -Aah!
"In order to get the cigarette out of the room,
he has disconnected the sensor."
Akitsu, take the ground cigarette and throw it in the trash.
Ah, but if I go inside,
won't the bars fall on me, and I'll be slaughtered?
Don't be an ass, it's disconnected!
Go inside and take the earthen cigarette!
Yes, sir!
It's new, I rented it not long ago,
but it didn't even take me two days to know that it's useless.
Aah!
(Sonoko) "That man, the Akitsu, has come in for taking the cigarette!"
This Akitsu was in Kaito Kid!
(Sonoko) "He went inside to get the cigarette,
and took advantage of it to leave the note."
Mr. Akitsu is not the only one who may have left the note inside.
Eh?
For a bodyguard who never moves from Mr. Suzuki's side...
it would have been easy to throw the note inside when the door was closing.
And the maid, the one who started working here today,
she might as well have left it for him.
She said she was crawling around the house looking for the puppy.
Is she sure?
I'd say the maid was away from the door,
when the sensor was disconnected.
Mm-hm.
It's true she wasn't near the door
where we were shown how the sensor worked,
but in the room where the safe is...
there's also... a second door.
If the maid was in Kaito Kid, she could make it look like she was looking for the dog.
"And slip the note under the door
when the guards were distracted and looked the other way."
He's right.
At that point the guy was shouting and giving orders.
And surely she felt it.
Hm.
Right.
Although it wasn't with us,
she could tell the sensor was disconnected.
Besides,
all three of you were only recently hired by Mr. Suzuki.

So, you think that the Kid has entered the house disguised as...
of one of these three people to leave the note.
Hurry up!
Bring me here this end Akitsu and this maid.
I will discover the impostor.
I'll pull the skin off their faces,
and since there's a world I'll know if it's a disguise or not!
We'll start... with our friend, the bodyguard.
(Suzuki) Don't touch him!
When I hire someone, from that moment on,
he's already like family.
No matter how much of a cop he is, there are some things I won't allow him to do.
Excuse me, but I just...
Don't give me excuses now.
If you suspect someone, prove it to me with concrete evidence.
Anyway, I hope you've understood.
Now I'm hungry, I'm going to see if I can get something to eat.
Shit!
I just had to stretch his face.
The guy acts very strangely.
Yes?
Yeah, normally he'd say: "When I catch this thief,
I'll teach him a lesson he'll remember for the rest of his life!"
But instead, today, the guy keeps saying things like:
"Nothing should be done, because he's an imposter!"
Do you think the guy is the Kaito Kid, Ran?
Do you think it's him?
No, woman.
(Think) "I have to admit that this is very strange."
"He has received a letter from the Kati Kid with the threat
"That he would come to rob the safe, and yet,
"He's hired more people, 3 people."
"I don't understand why he has hired them."
"And this thing about the Kid's letters is also incomprehensible."
"Even if the 1st letter had been sent for making fun of the police.
"And making a fool of her,
"What was the point of leaving a second note in the room,
"with the usual signature,
and on the day she'd decided to show up at the house?"
"This doesn't bind me."
"There's something about this case that I don't see her at all clear."
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

What is he disguised as this time?
If we are to take heed of what this little boy said earlier,
"There are three suspects:
"The dark-haired bodyguard who never leaves Suzuki's side,
"This tawny-haired secretary, the Akitsu,
"and this handful of a maid, Mizuki."
What?
You say this old man is in Kaito Kid?
I'll leave you responsible for everything, you little genius.
Hm.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'In Kaito Kid vs. the impossible safe. Part two."

