(Schinichi voice) "The Iron Badger is a safe in Mr. Jirokichi's house.
that is in Mr. Jirokichi's house."
"It is considered impregnable and is the work of a great puppeteer,
the legendary Kichiemon Samizu."
"In Kaito Kid decides to open that safe
that so far no one has ever opened...
and sends a letter to Mr. Suzuki telling him of his intentions."
"Anyway, the room of the safe...
has some great security measures in place,
"such as a weight sensor that makes it almost impossible
for anyone to get close to it."
"On the day the robbery is supposed to be committed,
Inspector Nakamori's men surround Mr. Suzuki's house,
but, despite these heavy security measures,
Kid manages to leave a note in the safe room."
"How did he do it in Kid to leave this note in the room?"
"Has he managed to get into the house without being seen?"
"What are his plans?"
"How will he do it on Kaito Kid to open the Iron Badger's door?"
"Love is eternal, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"In the safe, an unexpected treasure appears."
"In Kaito Kid reveals his identity."
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"In Kaito Kid vs. the impossible safe. Part two."
Eh! Eh?
Have you already caught in Kaito Kid? Uh... no, not yet.
(Flow) I advise you not to go through this hallway too much.
(Flow) Eh?
Why can't I go through?
Because you'll be suspected of being in Kaito Kid.
-What?! - Yes, this kid's theories here.
Eh... (laughs) (laughs) Geez.
Now I don't know what to do.
The owner told me he's hungry and to take this to the office.
-My uncle? -Yes.
I'm new and the truth is that I don't know if this is very normal,
but I don't know why he seems to want to eat alone in the office lately,
and he doesn't want to be bothered by anyone.
But the strangest thing of all is that after eating, when I go to pick up the dishes in the office,
when I go to pick up the dishes in the office, there are always two missing.
But how can they disappear? I don't know.
Two missing dishes is not the only strange thing lately.
Mr. Suzuki also often in the safe room.
It was to check that everything is in order.
Now, I've been told that whenever in the safe room,
he does it with a cane.
With a cane?
My uncle, who has the energy of a man of thirty years ?
-Yes, I can imagine what must happen.
Most likely, to open the safe, he needs these two plates and the cane.
need these two plates and the cane.
I also believe that all these security measures,
like a sensor that detects the weight of a cigarette,
wouldn't do much good
if opening the safe wasn't really complicated.
Wow, I'm out of cigarettes.
-Miss Seto: Yes, what?
I just got a call from Mr. Suzuki.
-Mr. Akitsu What?
Sorry to bother you,
could you go buy me a pack of cigarettes, please?
Yes, sure.
Yes, of course.
As I was saying, Mr. Suzuki called me recently.
He wanted to know what was going on with dinner.
Ah!
What is it?
Now he'll be mad at me.
I have to take it to him.
AAAI!
Oh!
I'm sorry, I didn't mean it!
I didn't mean to!
Do I have to wait much longer?
Are you going to bring me dinner or not?!
Ah!
Yes, sir.
I'll do it right away.
-I'm sorry, but they got wet.
-It's all right. -It's all right.
Well, what a pair I've rented...
Neither the secretary nor the maid are good for anything.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Of the ones I've hired, the only ones I can trust a little...

is from the bodyguard.
By the way, he still hasn't told me what he wanted.
-Who?
Me? -Yes.
He told me that, when I brought him dinner,
she wanted me to do her a favor,
that she wanted me to help her do something.
Oh, yes, you're right.
But come to my office, we'll talk there.
Yes.
What's she saying?
That he wants to shut down the security system?
What if the Kaito Kid shows up now?
Relax, don't be like that.
This is part of the daily routine.
We must check the inside of the box.
(Thinking) "I hope that this bodyguard
is not the Kaito Kid."
It will be a matter of a couple of minutes, inspector.
While I'm inside, please don't look.
When I feel like looking the most, they tell me not to.
-What do you want to do?
-Nothing.
And I also ask you to be quiet and not to make any noise.
Inside the room, Mr. Suzuki is talking on the phone.
On the phone?
When he's inside the room, he's always talking to someone on the phone.
Of course, he could also be talking to himself.
What do you mean?
That Mr. Suzuki doesn't remember how to open the box
and calls someone to tell him?
I don't know.
(Think) "In Suzuki decides to have dinner brought to his office,
where he eats alone."
"Then two plates disappear."
"When he goes to check the safe, he goes with a cane,
and while he's inside the room, he seems to be talking to someone."
"Also, there's that strange first letter."
"It can't be!"
Hey, Conan! Hey, Conan!
I've been told that dinner is already on the table.
Are you coming?
Yes...
That's it, check done.
Take full responsibility again.
All right, Mr. Suzuki, but before we go back to your room,
we'll have to search and you'll have to show me what's in your bag.
I agree.
If you think it's convenient, I won't begrudge you for it.
Would you mind telling me what's in this bag?
Not much, nothing important.
There's a photo album, a piece of writing I did a long time ago,
and a drawing I did when I was little.
These are things I like to look at when I'm alone in my room.
(Thinking) "It's true, that's all he said."
Well, anyway, now I have to go out for a while.
I hope you'll leave me alone.
Yes, I didn't remember I had an engagement tonight.
-I was supposed to meet Mr. Chaki. Superintendent Chaki?
He has, he's got the car behind him.
There's the cops and the press in front.
Yes, Mr. Suzuki.
Anyway, I guess no one will miss me, if I'm not,
because this little genius here, the Kid's arch rival, isn't leaving, is he?
I leave you responsible for everything, little genius.
Ah.
(Man) "Attention agents guarding Mr. Suzuki's house."
"It's the time the Kaito Kid said he'd come to rob the safe,
be alert and open your eyes wide."
Be suspicious of even a familiar face.
Anyone next to you could be the Kaito Kid.
Think of this thief as a master of disguise.
What will he have disguised himself as this time in Kaito Kid?
I don't know, but if we are to take heed of what this kid has said before,
the suspects who may have left the note
in the safe room are three, as far as we know.
The dark-haired bodyguard who does not leave Suzuki's side,
this nightmarish secretary, the Akitsu,
and this handy maid, Mizuki.
Well, it seems to me that the bodyguard is already ruled out.
He can't be the one.
He just left with my uncle in the car.
So it can only be the secretary Akitsu or the maid.
I think it's this Akitsu.
We haven't seen him since I sent her out to buy...
that pack of cigarettes.
Yeah, but the maid's accidents..,
it seems to me that she was deliberately provoking them.
There's another suspect besides these three.
Is there?
Yes.
Sonoko's uncle.
Mr. Suzuki.
What?
If your uncle was in Kid,
it would have been easy for him to disconnect the sensor
and leave the note in the room, don't you think?
Yes, I guess, but...
When you talked about suspects, you didn't tell him!
Because it had not occurred to me before.
And, moreover, when you dropped the coins on the floor,

Mr. Suzuki bent down to pick one up and threw it to you, didn't he?
Yes.
And with which hand did he throw it to him, the coin?
Well, I would say with the right hand.
Molt bien.
And when he wanted
the bodyguard to go get the car,
which hand did Mr. Suzuki use to throw the key?
Let me think... Well, the hand...
The left hand! What are you saying?
Are you sure?
Yes, your uncle took the key from the pocket of his jacket...
with his right hand,
then he slipped the key into his left hand,
and then threw it at the bodyguard.
When I saw it, I also thought it was very strange.
So the Kid is already in here! I'm sure he is.
Wouldn't it be better if Inspector Nakamori reported it right away?
If the police hurry,
they may still be in time to capture the Kaito Kid.
Yes.
I'll tell him.
What?
He says this old man is in Kaito Kid?
No, impossible!
But a while ago
Mr. Suzuki has disconnected the room's security system,
and then went inside by himself, right?
Yes, he went inside to do some routine checks on the box.
But when he came out we searched it
and we tried to see what was inside the bag,
and we didn't find anything that seemed suspicious.
And, besides, she had made an appointment with Superintendent Chaki,
and now I'm sure it must be with him.
How do you want this old man to be in Kaito Kid, eh?
-What did he say about me?
-Eh?
Superintendent Chaki!
But... but wasn't he with Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki?
Are you stupid or do you make him look like one?!
Do you think that in a situation like the one we have here...
I would abandon my place?
-Auxili! -Eh?
I went to Mr. Suzuki's office to pick up the dinner plates
and I saw that the cupboard door was slightly open.
I looked inside and...
I found poor Mr. Suzuki tied up and unconscious!
-What?! - What?!
Then the man who left a while ago was...
Inspector!
I just went to Mr. Suzuki's office to check on him.
I found it inside the closet.
He's lying on the floor, tied up and unconscious,
and surrounded by many wires, with a sign that reads:
"Danger. Do not touch."
What can we do now?
I can't believe it...
Mr. Suzuki who entered the room was not him... What?!
-It's the signature of the Kaito Kid!
-What?
Oh!
"This is to confirm that I've been here and opened the Iron Badger."
(Kogoro) Well, lo and behold, I was interested in opening the safe,
not what was inside.
Then we can say that he has already achieved his goal.
He'll pay for it! No.
I wouldn't go in if I were you.
If it was the Kid,
he must have left the security system on when he left.
All right, gentlemen, notify the bomb squad...
and have them come here immediately to rescue Mr. Suzuki.
And do something else: chase this criminal and take me away!
Looks like this scandal is about us, sir.
Don't pay any attention.
Let them enjoy themselves.
There's nothing going on that I didn't foresee.
A moment ago everything was full of policemen, but now...
Yes, there aren't any left.
It's like we dreamed it.
Well, in the guy's room there's still a few cops...
trying to rescue him.
Gee, when I think of Kaito Kid impersonating the guy...
How come I didn't notice it?
Let's see if you can help me understand, because I'm in a mess.
The first Mr. Suzuki
who has disconnected the security system sensor
and left the note in the room was the Kaito Kid, right?
Which later picked up the coins from the ground,
this was the real Mr. Suzuki,
but what has thrown the key to the bodyguard,
it was already back to the Kid, right?
Yes, this is very strange.
First in Kid, then Mr. Suzuki...
and at the end, back to the Kid.
How did he do it, to change with him?
I don't know.
Conan, you don't find...?
No!
Here we are!
He's disappeared again.
He thinks he's the Kaito Kid, the Wizard of the Silver Moon,
is a man of many resources.

Ran, look for this little boy, it's time to go home.
Yes, I agree.
I don't see what's so funny about disappearing.
(Schinichi voice) But it's in Kaito Kid... disguised as a maid.
(Schinichi voice) Sure.
Cops don't dare search a girl.
How did you find out?
When Mr. Suzuki's secretary
told you to hurry up and bring him dinner,
you rushed out, but to play the role of a groper...
you rammed Detective Kogoro from behind, knocked his purse out of his pocket,
and the coins scattered on the floor.
This was not foreseen.
You couldn't pick up the coins with your bare hands,
but if you didn't pick them up it would have looked strange,
so you poured the pitcher of water on top of the coins.
Am I doing well?
Because, of course, if the coins are sprung....
It's not so strange anymore that you use a napkin
to pick them up and dry them before returning them to Kogoro.
Awesome.
Have you figured out that it was in KID just from this?
Because of this and because of what you told Mr.
Suzuki when you were bringing him dinner.
Yes, he told me that when I brought him dinner,
he wanted me to ask me to do him a favor,
that she wanted me to help her do something.
That's when I understood,
when I saw that that first letter had a hidden message.
If you take the last three words of each column, it reads:
"Do me a favor. You have to help me do something.
In other words, Mr. Suzuki
asked the Kaito Kid to help her,
and with these two sentences you have revealed your identity to him.
From this moment on, Mr. Suzuki has already known who you are.
Then the strategy had been planned
to make the police leave the house.
You told him to throw the key with his left hand,
to say that he had arranged to meet Superintendent Chaki
and to put the note with your signature on it in the safe.
Then everyone would think that Mr. Suzuki was the Kid in disguise.
What was in the closet was not Mr. Suzuki, of course,
but the Akitsu, the secretary, disguised as him.
Am I much mistaken?
Is something wrong?
It looks like you haven't just left.
If you want, I can help you.
Turn around and look at the door behind you.
What do you think all these holes in the door are?
What do you think all these holes in the door might be?
Oh, that's right.
I'm sure if you turn the wheel a little more...
Riddle solved.
Nothing like being a pro.
Eh?
Strange, this tablet is different from the others.
And it looks like it's newer.
Yeah, check it out.
Huh? (chuckles)
That's cool.
You couldn't expect anything less from a safe made by the grandmaster.
(Little door, open)
Thank you very much, but I don't need it at all.
I suppose you've also figured out
why Mr. Suzuki brought me here, right?
You didn't say anything to the police when he left,
knowing this is what I wanted.
Of course, with the weird things he did, it didn't take much.
For starters, he makes himself bring dinner and fresh water in his office,
where he now eats soup every night.
Of the dishes brought to him every night,
two were always missing.
In one dish he puts dog food, and the other dish he fills with water.
Then, with the help of the cane he carries,
he passes the two dishes
through the small opening under the door,
while saying things like: "Don't worry, it won't be long now."
Very little.
He was doing all this
for the poor man who was locked inside the Iron Badger.
And now he comes to say hello.
(barks)
Hey, stop it!
Stop it!
According to Mr. Suzuki,
the combination to open the safe
is written on the handkerchief Lupin is wearing.
Since he didn't know it by heart, he had to consult.
I can imagine what to do.
Yes.
After closing the door,
he realized that his dog, Lupin, was not there.
He had been locked inside.
He didn't know what to do and had no choice but to turn to me.
Because the only one in the world who is capable of opening this safe is....
none other than yours truly, the Kaito Kid.
Will you let me be the face ?
I repeat again that I am not the Kaito Kid, I am Mr. Suzuki!
You will not fool me!
By the way, Superintendent Chaki told me...
that he had not arranged to meet you tonight.
What superintendent?

I said I was meeting Mr. Chiaki!
No Chaki, you idiot!
Chiaki?
No!
Then the Kid is still in the house!
(Sirens: approaching)
Well, I see they've finally found out I'm not that old man...
and they've come looking for me.
You're a little reckless, aren't you?
It could have been a trap to get you.
Yes.
In fact, that's what I thought at first.
But after investigating and seeing that he really needed me,
the noble and chivalrous Kaito Kid decided to help him.
He couldn't let such a nice little dog like Lupin
to stay locked up here forever.
(barks)
What a character... He'll never change.
Hey, hey, stop it.
Stop it!
I'm not the one who saved you, but the one who flew away.
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

What?
That the Lupin got locked in the safe?
And that your uncle asked the Kaito Kid
to get him out of it?
But don't shout so much, it's a secret.
I guess your uncle owes en Kaito Kid a favor now.
Of course, he keeps saying he owes him thanks when he sees him.
After putting the handcuffs on him, of course.
That's what he said.
Ah, wow. (Thinks) "Look at that."
Tell me where this trait came from.
(Think) "That's strange, the blood is dry."
And I noticed a detail: what's that, on the right wrist?
(thinks) "What could that be? They are like some kind of crystals."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode: 'A Fool's Inheritance'."

