At the top of this hill is the famous temple surrounded by hydrangeas.
Finally!
I was really looking forward to seeing it!
Eh?
Wow!
There are no flowers here.
It's very strange.
I must be on the wrong page.
Look how nice!
He-he-he-he... (gunshot)
"Love is eternal, the mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"3 brothers are unable to see the love of their father
and fight over their inheritance."
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de.
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara.
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite.
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"A fool's inheritance"
Anybody here?
What happened?
Over there.
Hey, you!
What are you doing here, masked man?
Shit!
Tell me where it's come from, this feature.
Let go of me.
Get out of the way.
No!
Stop it!
(Think) "How strange! The blood is dry."
"It's still warm. I don't get it."
"What could this be? It's like some kind of crystals."
(Kogoro) How fast it was, this one!
I couldn't catch it.
What, kiddo?
What did you find?
Wow!
Something big happened here.
(Yokomizo) The victim's name was Hisaemon Yaguchi and he was 70 years old.
He was the owner of this house.
He must have been quite wealthy.
He was shot in the chest and died almost instantly.
It was a fatal shot.
The murder weapon must be this shotgun here.
And you, just you, had to be a witness to it.
-Yes. -Wow.
How come you're back in Kamakura?
I just came here to be a tourist.
The scoundrel wanted to see hydrangeas.
Inspector Yokomizo, come here a moment.
Good morning, Inspector Yokomizo.
What can you tell me?
I have been informed that my father is dead.
Is it true?
Yes.
Can you tell me who you are?
My name is Rokuro, I'm his eldest son.
-What do you do? -I'm a film director.
Do you make movies?
I haven't heard your name.
That doesn't mean anything.
And what, do you know who committed the murder?
First we must know other things.
Where were you at 6:00 a.m.?
But it was almost 10 o'clock when we heard the shot from the street.
The man must have been dead for hours already.
Yes?
And how do you know?
According to the first conclusions of the coroner, the victim is dead...
-Hey!
Will you please be quiet? -Yes. -I'm sorry.
(Think) "So, the police calculate that the man died at 6 o'clock."
"Maybe the feature we heard was to throw us off the scent
and make us think that he died at 10 o'clock."
"But still..."
I was in Tokushima.
I had gone to do an interview for a film.
This morning I left the hotel at about 5:30 a.m. at 7:30 a.m..
and when I got to Tokyo it was after ten and eleven.
If you want to check, although I have the airline ticket stub with me.
That's just it.
-It could be an alibi.
Check it out. - Okay.
One question: Mr. Yaguchi lived alone in this house?
Yes.
He used to have several servants to take care of him,
but half a year ago he dispatched all the servants.
Actually, my father would do anything to save money.
He was a stingy man indeed.
"How strange, that he dispatched the servants, with this big house!"
-What other relatives are there? -I have two little brothers.
That's true!
I should question them.
I'm sure they know what might have happened.
Now, I don't know if either of them will tell you the truth.
It's going.
We know you're in here.
You don't need to hide!
What, when do you plan to pay?
Who are you, you!
This does not interest you.
Play two.
Shut up, man!

Don't hold it against him, Inspector Yokomizo.
Ah.
I see you're still in the same line of work.
He-he-he... Well, goodbye.
Yes, go well.
(Car: driving away)
Police.
Open up, Mr. Yaguchi.
It's important.
We want to talk to you.
So, what's so important?
At 6:00 in the morning?
That's right, it was in this restaurant.
From there, to go to my father's house...
it would have taken at least an hour by car.
It's well set up, this store.
Isn't it true that your father gave you the money to open it?
In fact, after he opened it, he kept giving him money...
until one day he decided to cut you off, didn't he?
Can you tell me where you got this from?
His brother told me, in Rokuro.
No wonder.
He already wanted to accuse me.
What he didn't tell you
is that he depended on his father's money to make films.
But since he didn't have enough, he had to ask for credits.
It's true: recently my company went into receivership.
And the father, who had always helped me financially,
one day he told me he couldn't help me anymore.
That's good.
Now tell me what you were doing at 6 a.m. today.
What were you doing?
N-naturally, I was still sleeping at that hour.
-Really? -Yes... -Yes... really.
Wow!
Well, coincidentally, just before 6 o'clock,
a witness saw him hanging around in front of the house.
Could you tell me what he was doing?
-Well... It's just that I... - What?!
I'm sorry.
It's true, I was.
-And why did you go? -I went to get money.
In the middle of the night, I was going to ask you for money?
I wanted to rob the safe, but...
It seemed easy.
And now how do I open it, this box?
Oh, man!
Don't move!
Come on, I want to see who you are.
Ki-Kimio!
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Why did you have to break into my house like a thief?
I only did what the Akihiko told me to do.
What?
The Akihiko?
You've been the same all your life.
You're a puppet who only knows how to do what he's told.
Let go of me.
I'm not a dummy.
It's the truth.
Please believe me.
When I left there, I went to see my brother Akihiko.
Come on, tell me, have you done it?
Father caught me in front of the box.
You fool!
I had prepared the whole plan for you.
All you had to do was follow it.
The plan was useless!
You didn't foresee that!
When I saw the safe...
-What safe? -Didn't you know I had one?
Which one, father!
When should I buy the box?
-It's the same, I'll do it myself. -What?
Although you want to steal it?
Of course I want to steal it.
But don't worry, I'll give you a share to shut you up.
All right, then.
If you say he's got such a good safe,
I'll look for tools to go well prepared.
All of this happened today at 6:00 a.m.
My goodness!
What a joke, the father came to rob the house!
-It was Akihiko's idea. Don't blame me.
-It's true! -Now he's throwing things at your heads?
(Yokomizo) Quiet everyone!
Mr. Akihiko, according to your statement,
you've been in a restaurant until three quarters of six in the morning.
This has been confirmed by the waitress and also by some customers.
You see?
I have already told you.
And when you left there,
you went to a hardware store to buy a few tools, right?
A kickstand, an electric drill?
You don't have to deny it, because several witnesses can confirm it.
And I noticed a detail.
What's that, on your right wrist?
What's that?
No, this...
All right, I came here to steal.
But, hey, I didn't kill him.
I came in the house, he was already dead.
What happened here?
Who could it be?
This is mine.
You have to admit that the safe was one of the good ones.
I tried to open it but I couldn't.
And in the end...
Let's see if you can hold this.
So, that being we heard, you shot him.
Yes, but the box didn't open even with the shotgun.
(Think) "The death occurred at approximately 6 o'clock."
"At that time the older brother, in Rokuro, was in Tokushima."
"Meanwhile, the Akihiko, the second, and in Kimio, the younger,

They were at a restaurant about an hour's drive from here."
"The victim was shot at point blank range."
"What I don't understand is why he didn't try to run away
when he saw that they were aiming at him."
"And then... there were those white crystals."
"What substance could it be?"
Let's see, apart from the corpse that was here in the middle,
Do you miss anything else,
any details that might help us?
(Kimio) Now that you mention it...
Yes, the father's antique collection is missing.
Yes.
Ha!
I guess you had something to do with it, didn't you?
(Rokuro) What a nerve!
I'm sure you took it when you came to rob the safe.
"Not long ago, the victim...
(Rokuro) stopped helping his children financially."
"In addition, half a year ago he dismissed all the servants."
"And now the antiques have disappeared."
"Perhaps... Of course!"
"The safe!"
Oh, by the way, we found this device hidden right here.
Apparently, it's a webcam.
Who could have hidden it here?
Cameras are your business, Rokuro.
You shut up.
I won't allow you to accuse me of anything.
-Inspector. -Mm?
Thank you.
Gentlemen, I've just received some new information.
We have to go back to the room.
(Rokuro) By the way, inspector, could you open the safe?
(Akihiko) Try to do so, at least.
"What a strange... position."
One question, agent.
Digues.
Where was, before, this stuffed bird?
(Akihiko) I don't know.
Ah!
I'm sure it was here.
See this dust mark?
Surely the bird was placed here.
Maybe the victim and the murderer fought and brought it down.
Mr. Rokuro, we just received a report from the Tokushima police.
What does it say?
That I slept in a hotel in Tokushima tonight, I guess.
According to the report,
there was a man there wearing a cap and sunglasses like yours.
-What do you mean?
The man was me.
How do I know it was you?
The man didn't want to take off his cap and sunglasses
even when he was inside the room.
They are part of my image and I never take them off in front of people.
But if no one got a good look at his face,
you can't be sure that the man who was in the hotel was you, can you?
Yes, it was.
Besides, according to the report, the hotel reservation didn't end until tomorrow,
but the man left in a hurry this morning.
Maybe he did it
because he knew Mr. Yaguchi was dead by then.
"Funny, that he was in such a hurry!"
We know that the credits you asked for are very high,
but even so, you had told your creditors...
that you would have no problem repaying everything they had left you.
-But I... Rokuro, did you kill him, the father?
Shut up!
The man who went to Tokushima was a double you had rented, perhaps?
On the other hand, I think you...
hid the webcam in your father's office,
in order to discover the code to open the safe.
I understand everything now: with the camera,
you saw that your brother Kimio was trying to open the safe.
and so you came up with a new plan:
kill your father and make it look like your brother was the culprit.
You no longer needed to open the safe,
because he would collect a bigger share of the inheritance.
-Rokuro! -I knew it.
All this is not true!
First thing today he came to this house
and killed his father in the office, in front of the safe.
As this house is very remote,
no neighbor could hear the shot with which you killed him.
Then he ordered the man he had in Tokushima to return
and give you the plane ticket in his name.
That way, he could make it look like you were at the hotel early this morning.
-Yes or no? - No, it's not true!
(Kogoro) -It's not true! - (Kogoro) Oh, no?
It's not true?
Well, you tell us about it, what happened.
Aaaah...
What's wrong with you?
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Rokuro, for your sake, tell us the truth.
Otherwise, you'll be found guilty even if you're not.
What are you saying now?
Actually, Mr. Yaguchi's death was an accident.

What?
Why do you say it was an accident?
Remember in what position the body has been left on the ground.
"If we look at the position of the body,
"we will conclude that, when it was shot,
"Mr. Yaguchi must have been 20 to 30 centimeters away from the furniture,
facing the wall."
That way, it was impossible
for someone to stand in front of him to shoot him in the chest.
Another detail is the stuffed bird that has fallen to the floor,
the victim's feet.
The branch where the bird is placed is broken.
True, but what does that mean?
Mr. Rokuro, you have seen the whole scene, right?
You saw it thanks to your webcam.
Yes, it's true.
I saw what happened.
And besides, I have it all recorded.
Look at it.
Now you will see the truth.
After Kimio ran away,
the father sat like that for a long time.
-What is he doing? -At the moment, no attack is visible.
Oh!
The trigger must have been hit by the bird's branch
and the shotgun went off.
Yes, sir, exactly.
Our father was not killed.
It was an accident.
Hey, if you had this recording, why didn't you show it to us before?
(Kogoro voice) Because I wanted to implement a plan you came up with.
You wanted to make you and your brother look like the culprits.
Oh, really?
That's why he hastily brought back
the fake Rokuro from Tokushima before the body was discovered.
He wanted to take out the webcam and plant fake clues
that would make the police think that the killers were his brothers,
but the plan failed him,
because we discovered the body before he could do it.
What a bastard you are!
Remember that now I have just proved that you two are innocent.
-You could thank me. -And what about our share of the inheritance?
-What about our share of the inheritance? -So much!
Hey, maybe we opened the box.
Sons who have come to steal from their father's house...
don't deserve to receive their inheritance.
And what about you, that the spy with a camera?
-You can't keep everything for yourself (Kogoro's voice).
You still haven't understood how poor Mr. Yaguchi felt about you?
I don't get it.
What do you mean?
After Kimio's escape,
your honorable father sat on the floor...
"...and wept bitterly for a long time."
-He wept, you say?
Did he really? -No, I don't understand.
How can you know?
Because I noticed that, on the clothes Mr. Yaguchi was wearing..,
"...there were traces of a substance...
that had formed white crystals."
They looked like crystals... of salt.
"He was crying so much that the tears...
"were soaking the clothes she was wearing...
and turned into salt."
If the tears have left all this salt on her clothes..,
it means she must have cried a lot, right?
Yes.
I'm sure he was crying with a very deep sorrow, but also with shame.
He loved his children very much and had given them everything,
but you have not been able to manage
or to take any responsibility.
On the one hand, he felt ashamed because he thought it was his fault that he had such irresponsible children.
that he had such irresponsible children,
and on the other hand he felt bad because he could no longer support you financially.
He could no longer support us?
Of course he couldn't.
Look around you.
Don't you see that in this house there is no longer any object of value?
It can't be, this.
Stop and think for a moment.
This house is isolated on top of a hill.
Would a 70-year-old man live up here alone for the fun of it?
with no one to help him?
Don't you understand why he did it?
You mean he dismissed the staff because he could no longer afford to pay?
Probably.
And before that she'd already sold the antique collection
and mortgaged the house and the whole estate.
That can't be right.
And the safe, why did he have it?
We must know what's inside.
Inspector, we've already opened the safe.
All right, then.
Go and see for yourselves what's in it.
No, it can't be.
All these are credits that he had requested.
They would be to leave them money that was claimed,
after paying for the movies,
to set up the surf store and to make up for the losses of the business.
-Oysters!

And now what will we have to do? (Rokuro) -If there's no money...
Eh?
(Rokuro) Eh?
(Rokuro) -Oh!
Listen, these kids are you 3?
Yes, that's right!
This is from when the mother was still alive.
(Kimio) That's right.
What good memories!
Let-me-see it.
This framed photograph is the inheritance
left to you by Mr. Yaguchi:
(Kimio) It's the memories of when they were all a happy family.
It must be the only picture where you are all together.
Unfortunately, none of you have been able to take advantage of this inheritance.
Yes, it's true.
Forgive us, Father.
("Doing all right", Garnet Crow)
Kamishimeta kimi no Kioku
kimorebi no nioi.
Oitekita nanika wa mueve
koko ni wa nai KEDO.
Meguriyuku Omois Surur
toorinukeru hitokoishisa.
-Doing all right! -Kokoro yurasare.
Furimukazu ni ikirenai.
-Doing all right! -Tesagurishite.
Yumemigachi demo iinjanai.
Kaze no Yanda gogo sukoshi no jiyuu kotae no nai toikake.
Sotto habataku Younes hajiketeyuku.

How nice!
How lucky I am, me!
In my family we won't fight over the inheritance.
Yes, that's true.
(Kogoro) Hurray!
Oh, how nice!
It's the father.
Hey, gorgeous, will you pour me all the sake bottles, please?
(Kogoro) Very well.
But what are you doing, father?
Why do you want to buy so much sake?
Don't worry, girl.
They're just for a souvenir.
If you want to have a souvenir, one bottle is enough and to spare.
Come on, don't be so stingy.
(Thinking) "At this rate, he'll soon leave her without an inheritance."
Ha-ha-ha!
Maybe it's a love call.
Is he desperate?
Come on, man!
How dramatic!
Mr. Gamou?
Well!
So it's true, he was very desperate, poor man!
That's why I tricked you.
Inspector, I think they killed him.
"But..."
I collared him too much and he... committed suicide.
I suspected him, and he was innocent.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The day Detective Kogoro closes the agency, part one."

