(Mouri voice) "That day I woke up suddenly from a nightmare."
"It is possible that it was an omen of all the misfortunes...
that were about to happen."
Don't you care?
Please, Mouri, do it for me!
B-but if you suffer so much from being mugged,
maybe you should take out this expensive jewelry,
before you go for a run, right?
Oh, I like to show them off so much!
I'll go with you every day at the time I go running,
and so we burn fat together.
A moment ago she said that your father looks like her late husband.
Eh?
But we detectives don't act as bodyguards.
-Aaah!
Aaah! Oh!
The father doesn't know how to get ahead!
-Please, come with me, go! - (telephone)
-I don't... One moment! - (phone)
Mouri Detective Agency, please say?
"My name is Ryozo Gamo."
"I need you to find someone to prove my alibi."
(thinks) "Exactly. Now that's work for a detective."
Okay!
Tomorrow at 7 p.m.
Blowfish General.
All right, well, you'll explain it to me tomorrow.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Tokomae, I've been called away on an urgent case.
But I asked you first!
How scary!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha! This one doesn't need a bodyguard."
(He thinks) "I knew some misfortune would happen to me today."
(Shinichi voice) "Love is eternal, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"A wrong deduction that leads you to failure."
"It's finished, Detective Kogoro? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"The day detective Kogoro closes the agency, part one."
(Mouri) What does it say?
That he'll be late for an emergency?
Yes.
Mr. Gamo called me and told me to excuse him.
But he says that, while you're waiting, you can eat whatever you like.
Oh, blowfish!
How good!
Excuse me, sir, he's here.
It's that man over there.
It's for you.
Thank you very much for the detail, Mr. Gamo.
Sorry I'm so late.
I'm Mr. Ryozo Gamo.
Me, in Mouri.
(I wanted to talk to you about it.
Oh, of course I know about this case.
I remember it perfectly.
A couple of weeks ago, someone murdered Mr. Sakai Kinugasa,
the owner of an antique store in Tsukimicho.
Well, the police suspect me of being the murderer.
He had a motive.
Five years ago, he swindled me out of a large amount of money.
When the police came to ask me where I was that day,
the first thing that came to my mind was to say
that I had been at home all day.
However, the truth is that I was around...
by Akebonocho.
But since I was alone, no one could confirm it.
I thought that, if I told them I had gone out, they would suspect me,
and I lied.
After they find out the lie,
the police will be even more suspicious, and I'll be charged with the murder.
So, Mr. Kogoro,
what I want you to do is to search all over Akebonocho
for someone who saw me there on the day of the car.
Look for a witness to confirm... the alibi.
Trust me, this is very easy!
They already say that you transmit a lot of confidence.
As I often go out and I don't have a cell phone,
I ask you to inform me of the result of your investigations
by calling this restaurant.
And now, we drink... and eat!
Thank you very much!
I hope to see you soon, Mr. Gamo!
Hello, Mr. Gamo!
Thank you for inviting me the other day!
Mr. Gamo!
Come and have a drink!
God-ha-ha-do, you're a celebrity, you, Mr. Gamo!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

-What do you say?
Shall we go somewhere else? -So much!
Let's go, let's go!
Me, gladly!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Mouri voice) "In the morning I got down to work."
"But the investigation became more complicated than I thought,
and Mr. Gamo called me every night to ask me about the progress."
- (phone: communicates) - Eh?
Let me breathe, please!
(Mouri voice) "Until the sixth day, Friday night..."
Aaah!
Father, have you found... the witness?
My beloved Yoko Okino is on the 8 o'clock program!
- (phone) -Huh?
Ah! (phone)
Ha-ha!
Her lover is calling.
How inopportune!
-Hello? - "I'm at Gamo."
I've been around all day today too, but....
"You mean there's no one, right?"
"Since you're a famous detective, it was my only hope."
- "I'm finished!" - (phone: communicates)
That he's finished, he said.
What an exaggeration!
(Police: sirens)
The approximate time of death was
between 7 and 9 o'clock last night.
No signs of "post mortem" displacement have been found on the body.
Inspector Megre, Mr. Mouri is here.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
What happened, Inspector?
Can I help you?
Yes... This looks like a suicide.
We found this card crumpled at the feet of the corpse.
It's my agency's phone number.
If you don't mind, I'll look at his face in case I can identify him.
Mr. Gamo!
What he told you on the phone, that he was finished, he meant it!
What do you mean by that?
Explain it to me!
This is Mr. Kyosuke Arai.
He's Mr. Gamo's nephew, he's come to identify the body.
Yes, what's that, that... "was finished"?
Now I understand.
That's what it was about.
Now I see why he reacted this way last night.
The shadow of suspicion loomed over Mr. Gamo
for the murder of Mr. Sakai Kinugasa, an antique dealer.
He called Mouri last night,
and, despairing that the investigation was making no progress,
the man took the car, drove here and committed suicide.
It takes about an hour from his mansion to here,
so he was due to arrive around 9:00.
It all fits with the estimated time of death.
But, Mr. Inspector, if the man was innocent,
there was no need for him to commit suicide either,
because he couldn't find a witness to confirm his alibi.
Mr. Gamo already had a bad experience.
-Once he was arrested by mistake.
T-Tell me about that.
It all happened 5 years ago.
Taking advantage of the darkness, someone attacked Mr. Sakai Kinugasa...
by hitting him in the back with a bar.
Based on a witness statement,
our department's police arrested Mr. Gamo.
However, after a few days,
we learned that Mr. Gamo had an alibi.
I remember it very well.
My uncle told me that he had been very scared,
because the police wanted to pin the assault on him at all costs.
He was suffering from the possibility of repeating the experience, and he became desperate.
Now we were very careful,
because we wanted to avoid repeating the mistake he made in Takeoka.
What Takeoka?
You mean the Isao Takeoka?
Yes.
He took responsibility for what happened and resigned.
You mean that Takeoka? You know him?
Years ago, he had come a few times to see the father.
Is that what he studied at the police academy, in your class?
- (mobile) MM?
Yes, what is it?
Yes?
Okay, I'll be right back!
I've just been informed that the murderer of Mr. Sakai Kinukasa has been arrested.
How nice!
I'll tell you all the details later.
Oh, my God!
If she had been arrested hours earlier, my uncle wouldn't have committed suicide.
This place must be scary at night...
You can't see a light around here. You're right.
When it gets dark, the darkness will be absolute.
Yes.
That's why there was a lantern at the foot of Mr. Gamo's corpse.
And why did you go to the trouble of coming all the way down here
and prepare all this set-up?
-He could have committed suicide at home! -Yes, that's true.
Surely if he chose this place, he must have had a good reason...,
his murderer.
A murderer?
Inspector, this is a murder!

-A murder? -Oh...
The person who killed her has used for his own benefit...
what Mr. Gamo told me the last time he called me:
that he was desperate.
He wanted to make it look like suicide.
This is all a waste of time!
But we can't rule out the possibility
that it is a murder.
If Mouri's deductions are correct,
it could be that the perpetrator of the crime was here.
Look, it seems that Mr. Gamo...
was going to file a complaint against a baker.
A complaint?
Let's see...
"The other day we received a call from you to protest strongly...
regarding the red bean-filled joy buns."
Ximplet, nobody murders a person...
just because he complained about some rolls!
Mr. Mouri, how long do you intend to maintain that it was murder?
-Until proven otherwise, my uncle committed suicide!
Of course, I can't say that for certain...
-Inspector Megré: Mm?
It seems that lately he had quarreled with his uncle.
But... only over trifles of no importance.
We understand that you asked him for money,
and that he flatly refused to let you defect.
- (man) He has already arrived! - (man) Already here, come on!
Mr. Mouri! Eh ?!
You have discovered a murder that they wanted to pass off as suicide.
You must already know who the murderer is, right?
I've solved it very quickly, eh?
I've outdone myself!
Are you claiming it's a murder...
and not a suicide to avoid responsibility?
You were unable
to find a witness to confirm your client's alibi,
and he got desperate.
Hey, where did you get that information?
I'm sorry, that's none of your business.
How could this journalist know about it?
It's true, the police would never leak it.
Mr. Mouri, how will you take responsibility...
for the death of your client?
-Answer! MM!
Mr. Gamo did not commit suicide, he was murdered!
I will find his murderer at all costs!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(In the background) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Hello, Mother, what's up?
I've already seen them.
So what?
"Father has become super-famous! Please go back to him."
Tell him not to go to his head.
He'll lose out, though.
What a rage!
Ran, from today on, customers will be coming in droves!
So I'm going to the racetrack before this happens!
(Door: opens and closes) In the end, the mother will be right.
(Megaphone: man) "Oh, my God! The favorite has fallen!"
No, please!
It's over...
(Man) I won!
What a surprise!
I won!
I won!
(Man) - Hooray! (Man) - Eh?!
Eh?
Mouri?
Eh ?!
Mouri?! (Door: opens and closes) Hello, father!
Look who I've met, by chance!
Hello, Mr. Takeoka! Hello, Ran.
Hey, you've grown up a lot!
Here's a little present for you.
(Shinichi, think) "This is the former police inspector...
who resigned for arresting Mr. Gamo by mistake 5 years ago?"
I thought so.
Years ago, he always took me embargo, when he came.
Ha-ha!
Animal crackers?
Takeoka, what do you think?
-So, in Gamo did not commit suicide? MM.
When I questioned him, 5 years ago, he looked very eager to live.
-I will help you. -Mm?
I know you well and I know that you will investigate the death of your client.
I think he was killed for revenge or for personal interests.
If it was revenge, I have a possible suspect.
-Who is it? -The one in front of you, Kogoro.
Maybe you won't understand, but I hated her.
It's a good motive.
Tell me where you were last night.
What's the approximate time of death?
Around 9:00.
That's too bad.
At 5:30 at 9:30, I was meeting a friend,
and I stayed with him until midnight.
(Shinichi, think) "That's a solid alibi."
-All right, let's get going, Takeoka! -Yes.
It seems like years don't go by. (Door: opens and closes)
Mr. Kogoro!
I understand you've already finished the work you were commissioned to do.
Listen, you haven't finished anything here.
It has barely... begun!
Oh!
Well, it seems that it wasn't enough, with the disappearance of Gamo...
What have you done, throughout these 5 years?

-I have not had any news from you - I saw disappear....
It was just playing a cop, and I decided to drop everything.
You could also be a detective.
I'm sure you'd do well.
Yes, I'll think about it.
(Mouri's voice) "We were from different headquarters, jurisdictions...
and different departments,
but for a while we were partners in various investigations."
(Male) He sometimes earned the hatred of clients
unjustifiably,
but Mr. Gamo, the owner of the business,
left all the operations to me,
and he hired me to head the company.
Did he have any enemies outside of work?
He didn't tell me anything about his private life.
Why don't you ask his nephew?
Well, he's the only family member you have.
Now you want to pin my uncle's murder on me?
Don't worry, we just want to check a few things.
Last night I was drawing some illustrations
for a story in a weekly magazine.
-Can anyone confirm that? -Well, no, no one.
It's just that I live alone.
We've heard that you've been borrowing a lot lately.
We heard a very interesting story in a bar.
When he was under the influence of alcohol,
he said that, if his uncle died,
he would take his fortune!
He was drunk, he didn't know what he was saying!
Mr. Arai, let me warn you about something!
Not a single criminal has ever been able to escape from the clutches of the famous detective K. K.
from the clutches of the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
Get out... get out of here!
How did it go?
You didn't get anything in the end? No... At least for the moment.
(Conan's voice) Come to think of it,
this Mr. Arai gave the impression that he was wishing
it was a suicide.
If it proves to be a murder, we'll have to investigate thoroughly.
-They'll uncover his miseries.
(telephone)
Hello?
Hello, Takeoka!
What's up?
Did you think of something?
(Man) I'm very sorry,
I won't tell you who informed me that Mr. Gamo was your client.
So, he refuses to reveal who his source was.
Even so, I can imagine: if it wasn't the police....,
the only one who could have told him was Kyosuke Arai, his nephew.
If he already knew, there was no need for him to come!
Go and prepare... an article apologizing for this nonsense!
As you suspected, the leak was Arai's doing.
All of Gamo's fortune will end up in his hands.
He has no alibi and, on top of that,
he uses the media to interfere in the investigation.
I will make him confess!
I hope he didn't run away.
-Aaaah! -Oooh!
(Mouri) Arai!
Apparently, the approximate time of Mr. Arai's death...
is between 9 and 10 o'clock last night.
He committed suicide.
Now it's clear, it's definite proof...
that the murderer of Mr. Gamo was Kyosuke Arai!
-Yes, I completely agree. -Yes.
Inspector, you should talk to the next-door neighbor.
She told us that the night Mr. Gamo died,
Mr. Arai was at home.
-What?! - What the hell is the meaning of this?
Since he was making so much noise, I was going to tell him to stop.
I took a peek from my balcony and saw him screaming,
as he paced around his room like a madman.
But he calmed down right away, so in the end I didn't say anything to him.
-And what time was that? -Just before 8 o'clock.
8 o'clock?
It takes about an hour and a half by car to get to the scene.
to get to the scene.
So even if he went to his house at 8 o'clock it means that
he couldn't get there at the time of the crime.
Mr. Arai was innocent.
So why did he commit suicide?
I can only think of one answer.
I told him I suspected him.
It was me who pushed him to commit suicide.
Your obsession has made you act in an unjustifiable way, Mouri.
-I don't have the words to apologize to you.
It was I, who convinced you to look for the murderer by....
I will take my responsibility, sir.
Mouri!
There are a lot of reporters today, too.
-Excuse me, Mouri. -Don't worry, man!
Ha-ha-ha!
I've been so glad to work with you again,
like in the good old days!
-I'll see you another day! -(man) Eh?
- (man) He's coming out! - (woman) Mr. Mouri!
(Journalists: talking at the same time)
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.

Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Mr. Kogoro, did Mr. Arai really commit suicide?
Mr. Inspector, this is Mouri.
I'm closing my detective agency today.
Father!
But, father...!
-In Mouri...-...you're closing the agency?
You're quitting detective work?
Please, father, think yourself well, it!
Please, father!
Take a rest.
You've spent 10 years going up and down.
It's normal, you're exhausted.
Mare...
(Shinichi, think) "It all started so he got this assignment."
(Mouri, thinks) "It can't be! But seen like this..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "I got it!"
(Mouri, thinks) "It seems I'm unable to stop being a detective."
And I'm not tired at all!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
The day detective Kogoro closes the agency, part two '."

