"My name is Kogoro Mouri. I don't need to remind you that I am a famous detective."
"On this occasion, I had to find a witness
"who would confirm the alibi of Mr. Ryozo Gamo,
who was considered a suspect in a murder."
"It was a seemingly simple job
that became more complicated than I thought."
"In addition, the client called me every night demanding results."
(Gamo) "I'm finished!"
(Mouri) "The day after that call they found Mr. Gamo dead."
(Gamo) "Years before, Gamo had suffered the unpleasant experience...
"Of being arrested for a crime he had not committed,
"And now everything suggested that he had committed suicide...
so as not to have to go through the same ordeal again."
"But they don't fool me. They wanted to make the murder look like a suicide."
"The person who wrongly arrested him.
"Was my friend Isao Takeoka,
"who ended up taking responsibility
and left the police."
"After we met again by chance,
we decided to investigate the case together."
"We suspected Kyosuke Arai, Mr. Gamo's nephew."
"He was in debt and we knew he had fallen out with his uncle."
"It was very clear: the murderer was him!"
"But, a few hours later, Arai appeared hanging."
"The testimony of a neighbor confirmed his alibi."
"There was no doubt: he could not be the murderer."
"This unexpected outcome brought me to my knees."
"I will remove the sign of my detective agency today."
"Love is eternal and mysteries are a labyrinth."
"Are you ready to find the way out?"
"Will this be the last case of the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?"
"A surprising murder where nothing is what it seems!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"The day detective Kogoro Mouri closes the agency. Part two."
Aaah... aaah....
(Man) He has a horse depression.
Is it absolutely certain that Mr. Kyosuke Arai was not the murderer?
Of course.
The next door neighbor has testified.
"He said that he came home around 8 o'clock
and that, when he was about to turn on the TV..."
(Arai) A time machine ?!
Readers will not forgive us !!!
"When he went to complain,
"He took a look at Mr. Arai's apartment
and saw him screaming with a piece of paper in his hands that looked like a fax machine."
The magazine where Mr. Arai worked
published detective stories,
but they invented a time machine to set up an alibi...
(He thinks) "Readers won't forgive them, that."
To get from Mr. Arai's apartment to the Gamo mansion
it takes about 30 minutes.
And from the Gamo mansion to the place where the corpse was found
it takes another hour.
Clearly, there's no way he could have gotten there at 9 o'clock.
Yes, it's... impossible.
Wait a minute, if the neighbor had felt her call before the 8 o'clock quarter past,
then she could have done it.
Let's see, if he had murdered Mr.
Gamo in those woods at 7 o'clock,
he could have been back home by 5:30 at 9:00.
What you say is impossible.
He thinks that Mr.
Gamo called Mr.
Mouri from his home at 8 o'clock.
And if he were a copycat? (Mouri) You're wrong...
The call was not made by a stranger imitating his voice.
(Mouri) Oh.
But Mr. Gamo's voice was very hoarse, wasn't it?
If someone knew how to imitate it well, you might not be able to tell the difference.
What are you saying?
I recognize my clients' voices perfectly!
But... Shut up, you bore!
I've been a detective for 10 years, do you feel ?!

Do you want me to tell you something, Ran?
I'm already eager to know who the perpetrator of the murders is.
What's that?
The perpetrator of the...? (See)... killed?
Yes, the person who has murdered Mr. Gamo and Mr. Arai
by making it look like they committed suicide!
I'm sure that, if we hadn't heard the neighbor's testimony,
we would also think that the author of Mr. Gamo's death was Mr. Arai.
Gamo's death was the Arai.
And the Arai's suicide makes us even more suspicious.
(Think) "This was the target of the mysterious killer!"
Mr. Mouri, don't worry,
we'll come back to thoroughly investigate this case!
Excuse me.
If there really is a murderer, the father will no longer be responsible for anything!
You won't need to stop playing detective!
Ja.
What god?
I don't know what about a murderer...
Father...
(Think) "This is an acute depression."
Seriously, mother!
Only you can make him react, believe me!
But is it so bad?
Rest, my king.
You've spent 10 years going up and down.
It's normal that you're exhausted.
Mother...
Lord Ko-go-ro!
Just as you promised,
from today I'll have him all to myself!
Aaah!!!
Father...
Look at that, animal crackers.
What memories...
The other day Mr. Takeoka came by.
I guess... he said that his wife loved them...
Changing the subject,
your father's into mature women now?
You're wrong!
That woman doesn't like him, the father!
This is getting more complicated by the minute.
Mr. Bodyguard!
Keep a good watch while I run to burn fat, eh?
What a face!
Aai...
"The only way to get Mr. Kogoro back on his feet
is to get him to solve the case himself."
"It all started the day he received this assignment."
Mr. Kogoro, you should have accepted my assignment...
from the beginning, man.
Eeeh...
We're both together at last.
(Thinking) "This woman has come out ahead, too,
with the death of Mr.
Gamo."
Ha-ha-ha!
What fun!
Iaaaaaaah !!!!
"Surely they've discovered that I know the truth and they want to shut me up!"
Aaah!
It's these three men!
They've been after my jewelry for a long time!
E-excess of strength?
What are they doing?
He just gave a lesson to some thieves!
We have not done anything!
It leaves me stunned.
How can it be, that he committed suicide?
Nobody can explain it.
He was perfectly fine, poor Mr. Gamo.
Excuse me, are you talking about Mr. Ryozo Gamo?
Yes, that's right.
I met him when I came to have a test,
a few days ago.
-In fact, it was last Sunday.
Last Sunday, you said?
"I was commissioned to do that job the day before, Saturday night."
-You had a colonoscopy? -Yes, exactly.
No food or drink for 24 hours,
and the test went perfectly.
Eh?
"On the other hand, that night, Mr. Gamo..."
"I don't understand. What did he say, the little boy?"
What if he was a copycat?
"It can't be! But, seen like that..."
Wait.
I recognize my clients' voices perfectly!
Oh.
I've got it!
Conan?
(thinks) "I seem to be unable to stop being... a detective."
And I'm not tired at all!
What are you doing here? We're getting along great, don't you think?
You fool!
(Thinking) "Maybe he's noticed it too."
Although he came here often now,
Mr. Gamo was not a very old customer.
He first came in about a couple of weeks ago.
-I'd say about half a month ago... -Two weeks ago, more or less.
About 15 days...
"No doubt about it."
"Mr. Kogoro has seen the mystery killer's strategy."
There are a lot of footprints from the same shoes.
The bathroom...
He was hiding here every night, waiting for the right moment.
"Surely."
"And now how do you plan to prove your suspicions, famous detective?"
(Man) A recording of Mr. Gamo's voice?
A speech to the workers is enough for me
or anything where he feels like talking!
The answering machine in your house will do?
(Imitates at Gamo) "I'm at Gamo. I am not at home at the moment".
I'm sure he recorded the message himself.
-Truqui, please! -Right away.
- (number: dialed automatically) - (ringtone)

(Female voice) "The phone is not available."
"Please leave your message after the beep."
How strange, he was supposed to change the message.
He beat us to it and deleted the message.
You have nothing else ?
Ah, that... I know that!
I could have sworn I have the video of the inaugural speech
from last year's New Year's party.
-I found it! -Let her see it!
We don't have any cameras or players here.
-You don't? -No.
We'll look for camera or appliance stores!
You go there! Yes.
Aaah!
Mr. Mouri, there's one over there!
Mr. Mouri, are you all right? Who the hell made me...
Aaah... aaah... I don't have the tape!
They stole it from me!
(Thinking) "What? Geez, the tape was supposed to be the ultimate proof!"
Damn bastard!
That's too bad...
Of course it was!
The muffins of joy!
You have to think about the snack, now ?!
It's not that.
Mr. Gamo called to complain, do you remember?
It's true!
(Man) We have to record everything to avoid problems with customers.
I thought so!
"We nailed it."
Now I know how, I just need to find out who!
He set me up and killed them!
It can't be!
(Man) You're asking about the case 5 years ago?
As I explained to you the other day,
Mr. Sakai Kinugasa was attacked on his way home.
"Fortunately he got out,
but her assailant fled in a vehicle that was waiting for her."
"The thing is that a woman who was walking down the street
saw the assailant at the time of the escape."
It was this man!
And the driver of the car was a man of about 35 years old
with long hair...
Mr. Gamo has a nephew to whom he often leaves money to live on....
His name is Kyosuke Arai and he is a cartoonist who wears his hair long.
"Although neither the motive nor the testimony of that woman was very consistent
"Although neither the woman's motive nor her testimony were very consistent, Mr. Gamo was arrested in Takeoka."
After a few days, a whole series of people appeared...
who confirmed Mr. Gamo's alibi.
And there were five of them, no more and no less.
It's true that Takeoka put too much faith in that witness
and was hasty, but it wasn't necessary for her to resign.
Well, the lady who testified...
was Takeoka's wife.
Eh?
(Ringing tone)
(Drunk voice) Hey, Takeoka!
How are we doing?
It's me, in Mouri!
- (Takeoka) "What are you drunk?" - So much...
Drunk as a skunk!
Hey, look, tomorrow.... see you or what?
What do you say, huh?
He-he-he-he!
Is it normal, that he's so drunk?
He's terrible...
(thinks) "He hasn't had a drop of alcohol."
"In fact, if he didn't make it look like he's well drunk,
this call wouldn't work for him."
-Remember this place? -Naturally.
Ten years ago, in the summer, we found ourselves on this very beach,
walking with our respective wives.
-Takeoka! -Mouri!
(Mouri) "Even though we were from the same class at the police academy, we had always been embarrassed to talk about our partners,
we had always been embarrassed to talk about our partners."
"In fact, that day was the first time."
You got married when you were still a student?
Yes, I did.
We were friends when we were kids, we were always hooking up.
What do you mean, "hooked up"?
We met at the university;
specifically, in the theater circle.
This potato did theater?!
Yes, what's up!
So he was very good at everything he did!
(Girls: laugh)
-It's been 10 years, you and I were very young.
Will the murderer really show up here?
This is what your father said.
(Thinking) "As I feared, he won't be able to finish the job.
"I'll have to intervene."
He's a detective again.
My wishes have come true.
"I didn't think so. I have to let him figure it out for himself."
Regarding our case...
Hm?
The murderer planned it all as soon as he learned
that Mr. Kinugasa had died.
He murdered Mr. Gamo and made it look like suicide;
then drew suspicion to Mr. Arai and killed him too.
It was a very cunning plan.
But if the real culprit wanted to make it look
that Gamo had committed suicide and that his nephew was the murderer,

why he had to take her to such a remote place,
just to fake suicide?
It was essential for the alibi.
At 7 o'clock in the evening, the murderer took M.
Gamo...
to the scene with his own car and killed him.
"He then hid the car in the abandoned warehouse...
"which is near Mr. Gamo's house..,
and called me at 8:00 p.m. posing as him."
"He then left the mansion with Mr. Gamo's car,
"He hid it temporarily in the abandoned warehouse at 8:00,
"He met up with the person he had arranged to meet at half past five at nine...
and stayed with her until midnight."
He then went back to the abandoned warehouse...
and drove Mr. Gamo's car into the woods.
If we take into account that he called me at 8:00 p.m., it means that Mr. Gamo's death was a result of his death in the woods,
it means that Mr. Gamo's death occurred shortly after 8:00 p.m.
Gamo's death occurred shortly after 9 o'clock.
Now, at that time the murderer was supposed to have an alibi
because he was meeting someone else.
Okay, so we can deduce that the last call...
was made to you by the killer imitating Gamo's voice.
-Is that it? -That's right.
How can it be?
The father said he recognized the voice of the customers.
I find it hard to believe that you,
a detective who's a former police inspector, would be hard of hearing.
If we were talking about a single isolated event, I wouldn't be fooled.
But the whole thing was a succession of set-ups
that the killer had been preparing two weeks in advance.
So much the first call I received....
(Hoarse voice) "My name is Ryozo Gamo..."
What I want you to do is to search all over Akebonocho
for someone to see me on the day of the car.
...like the calls I received night after night demanding results...
and that were never made to me by the real Mr. Gamo.
I did not see the real Mr. Gamo
nor did I speak to him on the phone even once.
Am I right, Takeoka, "former stage actor"?
You were sure that your characterization
and imitation of Mr. Gamo's voice were extraordinary.
But we have known each other for many years,
and you ran the risk of me recognizing you.
That's why you were expressly late, the day we met.
But he says that, while you're waiting,
you can eat whatever you feel like...
(Mouri) "The idea was that I was quite drunk for not reconeixe't."
Thank you very much!
Hope to see you soon, Mr. Gamo!
Hello, Mr. Gamo!
Thank you for inviting me the other day!
"Who would doubt someone who seems that everyone knows him and greets him?"
On the other hand, it is normal that the search for a witness
for the alibi was unsuccessful,
because the assignment itself was a big farce from the beginning.
To prevent the call log from dismantling the whole plan....
(Imitates on Gamo) I'm on Gamo!
You still haven't found it?
...you were expecting Mr. Gamo to be in the shower...
to phone me every night with a cordless phone or similar.
You've got it all figured out.
I can see I've gone to a lot of trouble for nothing.
And that we ran into each other at the horse races...
that wasn't a coincidence either, was it?
-Well, no. -Why did you do it?
I'm very sorry I used you, Mouri.
Why did you kill that pair?
It had been 5 years!
My wife... she died last month.
She had been sick for two years already.
She apologized to me just before her...
her last breath.
-Forgive me. What am I supposed to forgive you for?
It... five years ago...
I didn't expect it.
During these 5 years he regretted...
that I was his witness,
which forced me to leave the police.
But I was sure that what she had said was the truth.
And that the people who confirmed the Gamo's alibi were bribed.
Then, the day after Natsuko's funeral,
I called at Gamo as soon as I learned
that Mr. Sakai Kinugawa had been murdered.
Are you sure it's not his doing, like that assault 5 years ago?
(Gamo) "Th-this time it wasn't me!"
"His answer left no room for doubt:
it only confirmed that the first time it was him
that the first time it was him.
Natsuko's testimony was correct.
But even though she had told the truth, no one believed her,
and she died asking for forgiveness.

I wanted to avenge the martyrdom I had gone through.
Mouri, listen to me... Go back to the Eri.
What are you saying now?
What's this all about?
Takeoka!
Mr. Takeoka!
Takeoka!
Takeoka!
Where are you?
Takeoka!
It's over there! What?
No! No!
Paaara !!!!!
I won't let you!
I won't let you die!
You have to live!
I will make you pay for your crimes!
I assure you that I won't let you die, Takeoka!
Mouri!
Lord Takeoka!
Mouri...
Takeoka...
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Father, you don't need to take out the sign! Mr. Kogoro.
I am a man of my word.
(Beeping)
(Beeping) Eh? (whistling) Eh?
How nice it looks, a brand new sign!
But you didn't say this?
No, I didn't say anything like that, me!
(Think, Shinichi sees) "Yeah, he just said he'd take down the sign."
We detectives lead a lonely and often misunderstood life.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
(Shinichi voice) But what's gotten into you all of a sudden?
(Conan voice) Mackerel, carp, sea bream, turbot?
Hm?
"Lipstick?"
Someone has changed his regulator for some reason.
What I mean is that your killer has been here recently.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The Horn Rock where the fish disappear. Part 1."

