(Conan voice) Look!
Haha!
What a great catch!
We've caught quite a pile!
I'd say we caught about twenty fish between us.
It is decided:
tonight we will eat fish at Dr. Agasa's house.
What worries me
is that Dr. Agasa will be the one who will end up cooking them.
Yes, Genta, that's impressive.
Have you ever caught a sea bream again?
-He's a real pro.
-Yes, more or less...
I wanted to catch an eel and in the end I got the wrong fish.
(He thinks) "You can't think of anything but eels with rice".
Enjoy!
Au, guys, I'd better start packing up the fishing gear...
and get you ready to go home.
The boat is coming to pick you up.
- (Ayumi) That's right!
- (children) Doctor!
Thank you very much for everything, Mr. Ejiri.
It has been a lot of fun and has treated us very well.
It's the least I can do for you and Dr. Agasa;
you have saved my life.
Along with that, taking care of you...
while he attends to an emergency is nothing.
"We got to know Mr. Futoshi Ejiri
because one day when he came to fish
he was involved in an incident."
"Someone tried to poison him while he was fishing,
but fortunately,
"thanks to Dr. Agasa's quick first aid,
he was saved."
"I'm relieved to see that he's okay."
-Doctor! -We have caught a lot of fish!
-Doctor... -... tower?
What?
But this is not the doctor.
You're right, this is the guy who lives next door, right?
I think it's Subaru Okiya, a university graduate.
"Love is eternal and mysteries are a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"They leave a message with fish on the rock of the dragon legend."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo nimo soba ni iru noni boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"The Horn Rock where the fish disappear. Part one."
What?
Gee, the doctor couldn't make it?
-Don't smoke! -No.
The automatic fryer of fried eggs
he was handing out in the neighborhood wasn't working very well.
He's been getting a lot of complaints.
He thought he could fix them in a jiffy,
but it looks like it's not that easy,
and that's why he asked me to come and get you.
(Children) Well...
(Thinking) "I thought that machine didn't weigh my weight...".
Let's go, come on, you'll continue chatting on board!
If we don't hurry, it'll be dark!
(Children) Yes!
Come on, next!
Now it's your turn.
-Thank you.
Watch out, don't hurt yourself.
(Children) -Yes.
(Schinichi voice) What's the matter, Ai?
What's gotten into you all of a sudden?
I notice something I don't like.
(Schinichi voice) What do you mean?
Are you talking about Subaru Okiya?
What is it that you notice about him?
As you usually say, I smell that he's from the Men in Black.
Have you noticed this now? No.
I noticed it the first time I saw it,
the day there was that fire.
The more I think about it,
the clearer I see that it was him who transmitted that uneasiness to me.
There is no doubt that it has to do with the organization that shrunk you.
Hey, aren't you getting too obsessed?
Come on, guys, what are you doing?
Hurry up and get up there too.
(Conan voice) Uh... yeah.
Be careful, girl.
Watch your step.
Hey, yeah...
-Bye, Ida!
I'll be seeing you!
-Bye! -Bye!
What a pity...
So many that we had caught and we won't be able to eat them.
-If the doctor is so busy... -Other... -Others...
If you wish, I can cook for you, eh?
-Really?
But you know how to cook? -Yes, more or less.

It's true that I'm not a top chef,
but I'm pretty good at making homemade dishes.
What can I say?
I can prepare you an exquisite meal in Dr. Agasa's kitchen.
(Children) Hurray!
How nice!
Kids, come here, come on.
Look at that sunset.
- (children) Oh!
-It's brutal!
It's a picture postcard image, don't you think?
(children) Eh?
What's that?
It looks like something pointy in the middle of the sun.
-Yeah.
That's Banya Rock. Horned Rock?
A long time ago there was a sea dragon called a "horned dragon"
that had a single huge horn.
Legend has it that the horned dragon became enraged
because some fishermen captured his son,
and so he stayed like that, with his horn out of the water,
to show that he is still guarding his den today.
That's why any fishing boat that comes near it ends up sinking
and the fishermen limit themselves to venerating the Horned Rock
looking at it from afar.
(Children) Oysters!
Do you want to go and see it?
With the boat it's easy to get close.
Yes, but if we do we will sink.
Do not suffer!
The horned dragon likes children.
It is said that, if those who approach him are children,
he rewards them with the power of the sea and they become good swimmers.
-Really? -Yes!
Come on, let's go!
Come on, let's go!
It's pretty big!
Yeah, it's a little shaky...
to think that right underneath it is the body of a giant dragon.
Hey, you guys!
What's he doing?!
Eh? This is the Horn Rock!
If you go near it, the dragon will curse you and you'll end up at the bottom of the sea!
-It's all right.
They're creatures, man.
-Oh, right, it's true...
Hey, Kaida, it looks like it's not in this area.
What can we do... We'll have to look for it somewhere else.
Who do you think those men might be?
I don't know, but it looks like they were looking for something.
They are some divers who always with the daughter of a businessman
and lately they've started to dive in this area.
They are a bit of a nuisance when it comes to fishing.
Well...
The sea belongs to everyone,
but I would appreciate it if you would also think a little about the fishermen.
Go on!
Despite the legend, Horn Rock is an ideal place for children.
-Jugueu as much as you want.
- (children) Yes!
Seen up close, it looks more like a normal rock full of holes
than a horn.
(Conan voice) Yes, it's true, the sea water has eroded it hard.
Oh, look at this!
The sunset!
Let's take a picture together before it finishes hiding.
If you wish, I can take it with my cell phone.
-Yes, yes, you do it! -It was!
Come on, we all have to go out!
Come on, hurry up!
There are some letters engraved on the rock behind you.
"Mackerel, carp, sea bream, turbot"?
Maybe someone carved the names of these fish as a souvenir.
What a nerve.
How can you be so inconsiderate?
-Guys, come take a look at this! -Hey?
Look, there's something hidden in the rock.
What's that?
It's so wedged in that you can't get it out.
It's one of those fins you use for diving.
(thinks) "The fin is brand new."
"If someone left it here to make a funny,
I wouldn't be able to use it to go back."
"Besides, the names of the fish..."
"Maybe it's all a message! There's someone else here!"
Conan, where are you going?
"An oxygen tank and a regulator. She's a diver."
-What happened to this girl? -Is she sleeping?
(Conan's voice) No, she's dead. (Children) What?!
(Think) "Judging by the rigor mortis, she's been dead for a few hours."
"She has the inside of her mouth completely dried out,
and the skin has lost its elasticity."
"She died of dehydration."
"Lipstick? Huh? Wait a minute, the regulator I just saw..."
Most likely, while she was scuba diving.
she had some kind of problem that prevented her from swimming normally
and made a desperate effort to get here.
Yes.
Think of this as the Horn Rock that sinks the boats
and no one dares to go near it.
In any case, we should take this girl to our boat.
-Yes, it's too bad to leave her here. No.
I'm sorry, but we'd better not move the girl's body...
until the police arrive.
The police?
You mean this girl...?
Yes.

It is quite possible that someone has expressly left it here.
Look closely: the nozzle of this regulator...
that allows you to control the oxygen in the bottle is not stained.
The girl's lips are painted and, if she had used the mouthpiece, it is obvious that it should have stains of color,
it is evident that it should have red stains.
What are you implying?
Well, that someone has replaced her regulator with a different one
for some reason.
And he's probably done it in the course of the afternoon.
What I mean is that his killer has been here recently.
(Inspector Yokomizo) Let me get this straight:
when you've all lined up to have your picture taken together
in front of the sunset,
you saw the body of this girl
and you've lost the desire to enjoy the sunset.
Exactly.
I can't say anything until we get her to dry land for examination,
but judging by the rigor mortis and the opacity of the corneas,
she must have been dead for five or six hours.
The inside of the mouth is dry and the skin has lost elasticity.
She has died from dehydration.
In other words, this girl has spent three days at the Horn Rock...
without eating or drinking anything.
Her wetsuit, tank and regulator...
tell us she was a diver.
A normal inspector would think
that she must have had some kind of problem while she was diving...
and that she made it to this rock,
but nobody found her.
Now, I am different.
As you can see, although this girl is wearing lipstick....
there is no trace of it on the regulator.
In other words,
that some bastard must have figured out when she'd die,
and today she came in to replace her regulator with another one...
and it disappeared.
I still don't know why,
but there is no doubt that this is murder.
It is unbelievable!
And now!
Any good inspector would say the same thing.
-No, I mean Conan. Eh?
In Conan we explained everything you just said to us
almost in the same words.
No? Yes.
Coi de chiquillo, you always have to put in every case.
Hey, don't tell me you came here...
because you knew there was a corpse.
How did you want me to know?
But it did occur to me that there was someone else when we arrived.
Oh, did it?
And how did you come up with this?
For the fin embedded in the rock: just on the other side of this rock,
there was a diving fin embedded in a crevice.
I'm sure the nano saw it and came up with this possibility.
A fin wedged in a crevice?
Yeah, I don't think anyone would think of carrying a spare set of fins....
just to make a joke, right?
Therefore, it's quite natural to deduce that the...
is a message from the owner of the fin
to imply that it is still on this rock.
So, we should try to pull it out of there,
and maybe there is something written on it.
No, we've also found the second fin in another crevice.
We've pulled them out from where they were, but there was nothing.
Speaking of written things,
there was something engraved near the first one, wasn't there?
-Yes.
They were fish names.
-Four, specifically.
-The names of four fish? -Yes. -Yes.
I could have sworn it said "mackerel."
"Carp"...
"Sea bream"...
And the last one was "turbot."
What's the point of this?
You mean it wasn't recorded by someone who's caught these fish here
to record it?
-That's impossible, Jugo. -Ida?
Hey, I didn't see you there.
The mackerel, the sea bream and the turbot could be.
But not the carp, it's a river fish.
That's right.
It was you who led this group here?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Ida, do you know Mr. Inspector?
Yes, we used to get into mischief when we were very young,
and we came to Horn Rock in my father's boat...
because we wanted to swim better than anyone else.
I remember that the first time he was scared to death
and he would grab me in desperation.
Come to think of it, what happened to your older brother?
who came with us?
He was so scared that in the end he didn't want to get off the boat.
Because of this my brother Sango can hardly swim.
(She thinks) "Some people are not rewarded, but punished."
But how do you understand?
A sea bream, a turbot? We are not in the Dragon Palace.
Couldn't it be a posthumous message?
Look closely.
On this girl's left wrist, you can see a watch mark...

the sun has left him, so just in case,
I started looking around the Horn Rock
and I found this before you arrived.
Look.
It's a diver's watch
that fits the brand perfectly.
Let's see?
The edge of the watch is quite worn.
Now I get it:
as you have seen that the thickness of the letters of the fish names
coincided with the worn part of the watch,
you thought it might be a message left by the girl.
What?
I got it right? That's right.
But the killer is supposed to have come back here after she's dead,
isn't that right?
It could be that this person did it
to pin the crime on a third person.
If that were the case,
I'm convinced the girl would be wearing the watch.
I think she went to the trouble of taking it off and hiding it
because she didn't want the murderer, when he returned after her death, to realize that she had written the watch,
to realize that she had written the message on the stone.
Even if the ships don't approach the Horn Rock,
there is always the possibility that someone will see you.
That's why the girl must have thought that her killer
would not stay long,
and decided to hide the watch
and leave her posthumous message for the police, thinking that sooner or later
thinking that, sooner or later, someone would discover her body...
and tip them off.
Have you noticed?
The back of the watch is engraved with his initials,
so no matter how long it took them to find her,
they'd know whose it was.
You're right.
You can read hache, a... Eh?
Akamine Angel... Club?
"What's behind Angel is worn and unreadable."
God-hay-do, boy.
Your deductions are most brilliant!
Ha, this is a little boy who fancies himself a detective...
just because the vain and stingy Kogoro
has taught him four things.
The rest is police work.
No matter how smart the nano is,
there's no way he knows who this girl is.
I do know: she's the daughter of Mr. Akamine,
who is the president and CEO of a financial company
that recently moved to Kanagawa.
Isn't that right, sir?
Yes, she was very fond of diving in this area...
with a group of young guys.
-I think his name was... (boy) Looks like the Hikari!
Yeah, this wetsuit is just like the one she was wearing.
But listen, who are these people?
For now, drop anchor on this rock.
If the girl is Hikari, we're already lost!
(Inspector) Okay.
(Inspector) What?
That she's been missing for three days?
Is this true?
- (boy) Yes.
A noon three days ago
the four of us went down to make some dives.
As time passed and Hikari did not come out,
we wanted to dive again to look for her.
And then I received a message from him on my cell phone saying that we should take care of it.
telling us to take care of everything.
What?
That they decided to stop looking for her
without checking that everything was in order?
What did he want us to do?
He had already done the same thing to us again.
The same, you say?
One day when we were scuba diving at the beginning of the summer,
she was the only one who didn't surface.
That time we were looking for her like crazy.
We even called the police, remember?
Yes.
She finally resurfaced the next day.
Then she explained to us that a handsome guy
who came by on his yacht invited her up,
and she spent the whole night drinking at his house.
I don't know that anyone has put out an APB for her in the last two or three days.
in the last two or three days.
Because we hadn't reported it yet.
The new guy threw a big temper tantrum.
Didn't I send you a message
telling you to take care of everything?
-It is not necessary to make a fuss for nothing!
-Do you understand?
That's why this time we waited and did nothing.
(Boy eye patch) But three days already seemed too long for us
not to hear from you.
So, as you can see, we decided to go and look for her.
Of course...
We've dived into the areas we explored the other day
to see if we could find her.
(Chico sticks) And we've asked the yachts we've come across about her.
Frankly, we would never have thought that we would find her dead...

in a place as remote as Horn Rock.
(Thinks) "Someone has abandoned Miss Hikari Akamine
at Horn Rock...
and left her to die of dehydration."
"Who would be capable of committing such a crime?"
"And above all, what meaning must the words 'mackerel' hide,
'carp', 'sea bream' and 'turbot' that he has left engraved on the stone?"
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Listen, guys, which fish do you like?
Would you mind answering one by one?
Regardless of whether we add or subtract anything,
there's a key word to decipher the message.
The killer is telling us what it is from the beginning.
He has made it very clear that it was he who has abandoned Miss Hikari
at the Horn Rock and left her to die.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"The Horn Rock where the fish disappear. Part two."

