"We went fishing together,
"And while we were returning home with Subaru Okiya,
"who came to pick us up in place of Dr. Agasa,
"We have approached the Horn Rock,
which is famous for the legend of the horned dragon."
"There we have found the words 'mackerel,' 'carp,' 'sea bream,' and 'turbot....
"Engraved on a stone,
and also the lifeless body of a girl in a diving suit."
"Apparently, she had taken refuge on this rock....
"After having some trouble during the dive..,
and had died of dehydration because no one had come to help her."
"But they don't fool me."
"The girl we found dead has lipstick on her lips,
and, on the other hand, there's no trace of the regulator's mouthpiece."
"This is a murder that they want to pass off as an accidental death!"
"Besides, we found the watch....
"Which we believe he used to engrave the names of fish on the rock,
and we've seen that, on the back, part of the letters are scratched."
"The victim's name is Hikari Akamine."
"According to his diving buddies,
she disappeared 3 days ago while on a dive."
"Who was supposed to abandon Miss Hikari at the Horn Rock
and left her to die of dehydration?"
"And then, what meaning should they conceal...
"The words 'mackerel,' 'carp,' 'bream,' and 'turbot'
that she has left engraved?"
"Love is eternal and the mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"The solution to the case lies in a mackerel, a carp,
a sea bream and a turbot."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de.
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo...
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru.
Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite.
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"The Horn Rock where the fish disappear, (2nd part)."
Poor thing.
That's what he gets for going too far without knowing how to swim.
He was scuba diving without knowing how to swim?
Yes, he did.
There are a lot of divers who don't know how.
They advance by propelling themselves with their fins
and they breathe thanks to oxygen tanks.
By the way, what was your relationship with Miss Hikari?
Well, we were her diving buddies.
At the beginning, we were the only ones diving,
but she asked us to let her join our group,
and we ended up diving together.
Also, since we were going with the girl's yacht, we could dive wherever we wanted,
we could dive wherever we wanted.
And also, when we went with her, we really ate like a joke.
One question: when you go scuba diving, do you usually form groups of two or more?
you usually form groups of two or more people, right?
How did you lose sight of the lady?
Because she always went her own way and left us behind.
"She always said she wanted to be alone, in the water!"
Because of this, a current took her away 6 months ago.....
and a great misfortune happened.
Yes, if she hadn't gone to hers so much, in Yoshiro she would still be alive.
-In Yoshiro? -Yes...
Hey, don't talk... about Yoshiro!
It has nothing to do with this!
Changing the subject, Mr. Kaida...
Could you tell me... what happened to your eye?
Ah, yes, yesterday this one punched me.
He blurted out that Miss Hiraki
had slept with some guy, and that we should forget about her,
and he told me all pissed off that what would we do if something serious happened...
and he hit me.
Mr. Oto, why are you wearing the mask?
Because the Hiraki forced me to do a dive
even though I was feeling sick.
I'm going to catch a cold and I've been dragging it around for a while.

But hey, I'm used to it and I dive anyway.
Mr. Aosato, did you get a wound under your lip?
It's a pimple.
It's just that last night I saw you leaning your head on your hand
while I was surfing the Internet in an Internet cafe, and it popped.
Yeah... and may I know what you were looking for, on the internet?
It's obvious: information about Miss Hikari.
"I was looking through newspapers to see if there was any news of a ship
that had picked up a girl at sea,"
but no, I didn't find anything.
Listen, guys.
What fish do you guys like?
-Do you mind answering one by one? -You mind? -Huh?
Yeah, go ahead, say it.
For example, I like eels!
-What are they?
Who are these? -Ha-ha-ha!
Never mind.
Hey, what's wrong with you now?
Why do you ask such a strange question?
It's not strange at all!
Think about the mackerel, carp, sea bream and turbot.
It may be important.
Maybe the girl recorded the name of the fish the killer likes!
-Ximpleries....- Nope.
That's an interesting observation.
Sometimes, ideas that come from an innocent mind...
far from common sense...
are just the ones that become
the key to glimpsing the truth.
You have been able to solve a large number of cases
thanks to the clues this kid has given you, am I wrong?
Wait a minute... there haven't been that many, have there?
Answer, which fish do you like the most?
Well, all of them... All 3 of us love fish.
-There's none that we don't like. -Satisfied?
Let's see, how long are we supposed to stay here for?
You're right, if we take too long, it'll get dark.
Excuse me.
The watches you're wearing, are they the same...
as the diving watch Miss Hikari had?
Yes, they are... Miss Hikari had them made for us.
Yes, she wanted all of us to have the same one,
since we were on the diving team.
On the back she had the inscription "Akamine Angelfish Club" engraved.
Fish...
...angel?
Never mind, they will explain that to me at the police station....
Now I want to ask you if you know who the murderer might be.
The murderer?
You mean this wasn't an accident?!
(Thinking) "No, there is a murderer... And it's probably one of the 3 of us."
"But what does it mean, the message of the fish?"
"What the hell do they mean, these names?"
"And we also have the letters scratched on the back of the diving watch..."
"Why did he scratch only the word 'fish'?"
(Mitsuhiko) I got it!
I know what they mean, the fish names!
If we add certain terms to the names, a sentence can be formed!
Adding?
Adding "ku" to the name of the mackerel, it is "desert".
Adding "Ay" to the name of the sea bream, it is "I want to see you"!
That is to say, we would have a message that would come to say:
"I want to see you, I wait for you in the desert".
And where do we put the turbot?
The Japanese word also means "wit".
What it means is that... we read the sentence with wit!
W-wait a minute... And who's supposed to expect that, in the desert?
That girl was dying, Mitsuhiko.
Yes, of course, it's true.
What's more, shoehorning in words here and there...
is not a very rigorous system
and it doesn't guarantee that we'll find the solution.
Regardless of whether we add to it or take anything out of it,
there is a key word to decipher the message.
Good job, guys! Eh?
Why do you say that?
I've already said it: innocent minds show us the truth.
-Ah.
Don't tell me you already know... who the murderer is?
Yes, and it's thanks to you.
Tell us.
The murderer has been telling us who he is from the beginning.
He's made it clear that it was him
who abandoned Miss Hikari at the Horn Rock
and left her to die.
What a joke, it's going to get dark for real!
Wouldn't it be better to take the body to the mainland as soon as possible?
as quickly as possible?
If you want to ask us more questions,
let's talk calmly at the police station, there is no problem.
Load the body to the ship... (at the same time) Don't run so fast!
-Gee, what are you synchronized? -Excuse me.
This little boy wants to tell you something.

Yes, Subaru, but if you want to speak first, go ahead for me.
You heard me! We'll talk as much as necessary at the police station!
But then... then...
Then there is the danger
that the evidence we now have at hand will be erased.
That's what you wanted to say? more or less.
The evidence?
What evidence are you talking about?
You still don't know what you're talking about?
It's unbelievable...
You mean the evidence...
that proves the killer abandoned this poor girl...
"At the Horn Rock and left her to die of dehydration!"
Let's see, when you talk about erasing the evidence, you mean...
Yes, it's likely... that one of them is the murderer.
Wait a minute!
How can you say something like that?!
It's a fact that Miss Hikari disappeared
while she was scuba diving with us 3 days ago.
Some unscrupulous guy must have picked her up with his boat
and then abandoned her on this rock!
No.
This doesn't make any sense.
Earlier you said that, when she disappeared,
you received a message that said "Request to log everything".
This is the proof that the murderer... is one of you.
It was probably the murderer who wrote that message
because they didn't hurry to look for Miss Hikari,
whom he had already abandoned here.
"In order to do so, I had to forcibly interrupt the dive,
"to come to the surface before the others,
find Miss Hikari's cell phone and send the message."
Because he knew that the only way to leave no clue was for him to send it from the phone.
was for him to send it from Miss Hikari's phone...Miss Hikari's phone.
Now I understand.
The only people who could send that message
were the ones who didn't miss receiving it.
And she couldn't send it, for obvious reasons.
Assuming this is true, where is it, Miss's cell phone?
Man, if it were up to me, after having sent the message,
I would throw it into the sea so that no one would ever find it again.
So... you have no proof!
Yes!
We have the best proof,
and that is that Miss Hikari left us the name of the murderer.
Didn't she...,
Mr. Shuhei Aosato?
Hey, look, man, I don't like these little jokes!
You seem to be insinuating that I'm the murderer!
Listen to something.
How did you know, that his name is Shuhei?
We just told you our last names.
We've already told you.
Because she left the killer's name engraved on the Horn Rock.
First and last name, in fact: Shuhei Aosato.
Oh, really?
Where did you write my name?!
Did you say "engraved"?
You didn't mean it not for the name of the fish, did you?
There are only written there: mackerel, carp, sea bream and turbot.
Indeed, seen in this way, they are only fish names.
On the other hand, if you take as a reference the word striped...
on the back of the diver's watch
that she used to engrave the names, you will see it more clearly.
The striped word, you said? Yes.
The one right between "Akamine Angel" and "Club"...
Which means "Akamine Angel Fish Club."
What's scratched is the word... "fish".
In short, we have to make the fish disappear.
Exactly.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
How can that be?
Are you sure, that the word "fish" is scratched?
It's strange, because mackerel, carp, sea bream and turbot are fish!
He's right, if we make the fish disappear, there won't be anything left!
I got it!
The characters!
If we transcribe the names of those fish into Japanese characters,
we'll make the fish disappear.
The characters?
The names of the fish can be written with characters?
Yes.
Adding "blue" to the radical of "fish", we have "mackerel".
Adding "site" to the radical of "fish", we have "carp".
Adding "turn-counter" to the radical of "fish",
we have "dorada".
Finally, by adding "flat" to the radical of "fish", we have "turbot",
we have 'turbot'.
How do they read, if we take out the radical of "fish"?
Ao! -Sato!
-Shu! -Hei.
It's in Shuhei Aosato!!!
-But what... -It can't be...
What idiots!
Don't listen to what they say!
I won't allow myself to be treated like a murderer because of a childish
childish guessing game that has no logic whatsoever.

Actually, it sounds like a very, very reasonable theory to me.
B-but wait a minute!
If I were the murderer, I would have written my name and that's it.
I'm sure you thought that if I did, you'd erase it.
He must have figured I'd come back here to see if she was dead or not.
-He was very clever. But... What's wrong with her?
You're making it all up.
You've seen me here, maybe?
No, we haven't seen you.
But we know that you came here around noon,
and above all, we know that you have come to do.
What?
He changed his regulator for another one.
"He probably made a cut in the pipe
"of Miss Hikari's regulator with a knife,
"And after telling her she had a problem with the air,
he escorted her to the rock."
"He told her that he would come for her later,
but he left her to her fate."
No one goes near this rock,
and knowing that Miss Hikari could not swim,
I was sure that she couldn't escape.
That is, she came here today to change the regulator.
He has taken the regulator he had cut off and replaced it with his.
"If the police found it, they would know it wasn't an accident."
And you, by putting some duct tape on it,
you could use it to go back to the boat.
I repeat!
Did they see me or didn't they see me?
-The band-aid under your lip... -Hmm?
Earlier he explained to us that he was resting his head on his hand
while you were surfing the internet in an internet cafe,
remember you told us that?
Internet cafe mice are usually for right-handed people.
If you held your head in your hand, you had to do it with your left hand?
So, the most natural thing would be for the pimple to be on the left.
Looking at the position of the band-aid, your explanation does not seem logical.
It is a spot, isn't it?
When you returned to the ship with Miss Hikari's regulator,
you got a mark from her regulator.
No, I...
Miss Hikari's lipstick.
Of course... She got on the boat and brushed her mouth...
"Then she realized that she had the lipstick mark on her lipstick....
"And she changed the position of the band-aid she was wearing
to hide the stain on the right side of her lip."
Everyone knows that you can't remove a lipstick stain by just rubbing it with your hand!
just by rubbing it with your hand!
She was very special, the young lady....
On a beginner, although it's understandable,
but it's strange to me that an experienced scuba diver
dives without taking it off.
She did it expressly.
The first day she went scuba diving,
I accidentally used her regulator,
and I got all smeared with lipstick.
"She was so amused,
she kept putting on lipstick every time she went diving."
Of course, and thanks to that,
I learned that she let Yoshiro die,
and did nothing to save him!
She let him die?
Remember the accident... that was half a year ago?
Yes, I do.
During a dive, Miss Hikari was swept away by a current,
and Yoshiro went to rescue her.
We found her almost by chance and were able to get her on the boat,
but he was found dead after a while.
Miss Hikari was with Yoshiro when that happened?
Of course she was.
But she... explained something else!
I-I'm alone!
So bring the boat up to me right now!
I'm freezing to death!
That's why... we thought that...
We thought that you hadn't met Yoshiro...
It's impossible that they didn't meet...
because the rescue regulator that Yoshiro was carrying..,
I found it later,"
and it was all smeared with the lady's lipstick!"
When I saw her necklace to make her talk, she told me that she thought to herself...
that the Yoshiro had already returned alone to the mainland.
But the normal thing to do is to ask right away,
to be interested in what had happened to him
after being swept away by the current while trying to save her!
This girl was just in a hurry to get home,
get into her warm bed and go to sleep!
She didn't care whether Yoshiro was dead or alive!
That's why... I decided...
to abandon her to the Horn Rock.
And now...
And now all of you will go through the same!
Shuhei!
Don't be foolish!
-Aaaaah!
Aaaaah! -Don't worry.

I just want to buy time to get far away from here!
You guys will have to stay a little longer.
Hey!
Inspector!
Talk to the crew of your ship!
Tell him that you'll return with me
while you interrogate us about the case, and order them to leave!
And then, when you've already lost sight of the police...
Fisherman!
Cut the mooring you have tied to the rock and set the boat adrift.
Then, when you are both well away,
I'll put in the field with my boat...
and I'll take this creature away!
Come, do as I tell you immediately!
"Damn you! The watch with the anesthetic dart is the boat."
"And wearing the high-intensity slippers would be too dangerous."
"Why, I'm wearing boots!"
Hey, Haibara, do you have anything that can be used as a weapon?
How can I carry a weapon on me?
It's only 0.12%.
What?
That's the success rate of a criminal who tries to run away.
More or less, one in a thousand.
Now, if we subtract those who flee from justice...
we subtract those who end up getting tired
of hiding their true identity or of living in fear,
and in the end they turn themselves in to the police or commit suicide,
the number of successful fugitives... is practically non-existent.
I wonder if he will be able to withstand the pressure, the loneliness or the fear.
Shut up!
- (knife: metallic blow) - (seagulls: screech)
(gulls: shriek) - Quiet.
It's all taken care of.
Oysters.
(knife: metallic clang) Thank you.
That's great!
What do you say... we "run" to the police station now?
Yes... Sure...
-You're super strong! -And you're super brave!
-Thank you very much, Subaru!
That story from before, the one about the 0.12%, was it true?
No, it wasn't... A bluff.
I thought that, in that situation,
the only way to get him to stop threatening her
was to provoke him and make him doubt.
You look awesome!
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
(Think) "Just as I suspected, it's..."
(Thinks) "Someone has strangled her... to death."
Sir, on Miss Yukiko's shoulders...
there are some kind of green spots, aren't there?
"Miss Yukiko has gone down
on the second floor of the basement by the stairs."
"Why didn't she use the elevator?"
"The person who has murdered Miss Yukiko... is one of them!"
Don't miss the next episode, "The hand that plays out of tune".

