(Rock)

Thank you very much!
And now we will sing a song with a lot of rhythm.
For you, "Everlasting Love".
(Shinichi's voice) "Love is everlasting, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the way out?"
"We have to solve the riddle of the locked locker room...
and find out who in the group is out of tune."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan."
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"The hand that plays out of tune."

Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love...
Aaaah! Mm?
Come on, kid, eat whatever you want!
Don't be shy!
Eat without worrying about anything.
Eat without worrying about anything?
Here they only have sausages and fried food to go with alcohol.
And what's wrong?
Long live sausages and fried food!
They are the best in the world!
I want another beer.
Father, don't drink so much, you know what happens.
I don't know what's wrong.
I remind you that I wasted half a day going shopping with you
because you said you needed clothes.
Now don't control my beer.
But, listen...

I'm not familiar with any of those songs.
And now we're going to touch on a very different subject.
I'm sure you've all heard it at one time or another.
Play "Moon Lady" by Yoko Okino, man!
You know this one by force.
Don't say no!
Father, please! I'm going to the bathroom.
Well, now one of Simon & Garfunkel's masterpieces.
Yoko Okino's are very good.
(Shinichi voice) Yesterday at school I had to draw a picture.
It wasn't easy at all, having to draw like a little kid.
(Shinichi voice) Good evening.
I may be wrong, you'll forgive me.
You're not the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, by any chance?
You're not mistaken.
I am detective Kogoro Mouri, at your service, young man.
I guessed it!
Earlier, when you asked for a song by Yoko Okino,
I thought it must be you.
I once saw you two together on TV.
By the way, my name is Yusuke Nakamura.
So, you saw me on TV?
Ha-ha-ha!
-He's carrying two beers. No, no!
I thought, if it was really you,
I'd ask you to sign my autograph behind the guitar.
Of course you would!
No problem.
Hey, Conan, go get some more snacks.
All right, all right, all right, all right.
Let's go get the autograph.
Bring the guitar!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh! I've had enough of all this."
(Conan voice) Oops!
Where is it, Ran?
Apparently,
that kid has a CD that Ran's been after for a while.
They've gone to the locker room to get it.
Oh, did they?
-Is it still open, the locker room? -No, I recently got the key back.
Here you are.
I'll go in.
I feel you, wait out here?
No.
What a collection of instrument cases!
(Yusuke) Let's see?
What's this?
Aaah!
(Yusuke) Help!
(Yusuke) What happened?
Th-there... Eh?
I lifted the blanket...
Yukiko... What?!
I think she's dead.
Go get Mr. Mouri.
Yes!
Have you found a dead person?
Mr. Mouri, the Yukiko...
Ah!
She's been strangled.
Ran, call the police! Yes.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh? What's this? How curious!"
Let's see, it says that the group consisted of the victim,
Miss Yukiko Watanabe, you and 3 other members?
Yes.
Inspector, according to the security guard,
the only people who have taken the key to this locker room
were the members of the group.
Wow!
Mr. Nakamura, please call the members of the group...

and tell them to come here right away.
Okay, okay, okay.
Look, Miss Yukiko has a green spot...
behind each arm.
Of course she does!
Inspector, the victim has marks on the back of her arms.
What are they?
Well, have them tested right away to find out what they are.
Okay, I'll do that.
What are you doing, Ran? Rumi.
I don't know why,
I have a feeling this is different from before.
Is it different? I think so, but I don't know why.
The performance at the terrace of the department store
is over at half past one of nine.
Miss Watanabe's body was found in a room at 10.
I would like you all to explain to me what you have done in the meantime,
and when you last saw Miss Watanabe.
When the performance was over, I gathered all the material...
with the help of the department store staff.
After about 20 minutes I went to Mr. Mouri's table,
we talked for about a quarter of a minute
and went down to the dressing room with Miss Ran.
The last time I saw Yukiko alive was when we came off stage.
was when we came down from the stage.
What about the others?
I went down with the elevator in the dressing room with Shota and Makoto,
and after 5 minutes I went out to the street with en Shota.
According to the security guard's log, they left at 20.40.
The last time I saw the Yukiko
was in front of the elevator.
Well, it's going well.
Yes, that's what he told us.
-So did I;
Like her. And me too.
What did you do when you left the department store?
As Shota said he had an errand to do,
we parted at the same door.
And you, what did you do?
After 5 minutes after they had left,
I returned the locker room key to the security guard.
According to the register, they returned the locker room key at 20.45.
Ah... And what did you do?
Well I... I've been waiting for Yukiko for a while in my car,
in the parking lot.
-Eh?! - I don't get it.
Why did you have to wait for Yukiko?
Your girlfriend is Risako, not Yukiko!
That's not why.
There was nothing between me and her.
So why did you meet her on the sly with me?
You told me you had a lot of work to do!
Shota, how can you do this to Risako?
Stop it, please!
It's not the time.
Ehem...
A little while before Mr. Nakamura
and Miss Ran asked for the locker room key,
someone asked for the same password at 20.55.
Mr. Shota Aoki, wasn't it you?
Yes.
-Shota, did you...? - No, I didn't.
Since Yukiko wasn't coming, I went to see if it was the dressing room.
"But no, she wasn't there."
"I waited for a while and, as she wasn't coming,
I decided to leave and went to return the key."
"The department store staff was putting the instruments away."
According to what it says here, the register,
you came to return the famous key to the dressing room
after 5 minutes.
By the way,
I think you should explain to us why the victim was waiting,
Miss Watanabe.
A moment ago you assured us that there was nothing between you and her.
Me and Yukiko had been offered to join another group.
No way!
The people at TMS Records had asked us if we wanted to join a new group
they wanted to promote.
Oh, I can't believe it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "A label! What could it be?"
Inspector, we looked at the images...
from the elevator surveillance camera,
and there's none of the victim coming down from the terrace.
How curious!
This must mean that Ms. Watanabe has gone down the stairs from the terrace to the basement.
from the terrace to the basement.
It's quite possible that she did.
And what makes you think so, you?
This afternoon, at the concert on the terrace,
there was Mr. Sakamoto of TMS Records.
"When we were going to take the elevator,
Mr. Sakamoto went to the stairs."
You must have Mr. Sakamoto's phone number.
Please tell him to come here.
Ara.
(Police: siren)
Yes, it's true, I've met Yukiko...
the landing of the stairs at 8 o'clock, when she finished her performance.
(Police: siren) -Yukiko died! -What-what are you saying?
I didn't kill him!

"I just told him what I thought of his performance."
"Then I left right away,
because I didn't want the group to see her with me."
Liar!
(Mouri) No, he is not the author of the murder.
Neither he nor Miss Watanabe did not have the key to the dressing room
where she was found dead.
-It couldn't have been him.
W-why are you like this?
Makoto, you mean it wasn't you who killed Yukiko?
Risako!
Do you think I don't know that she set you off?
Yukiko went to the locker room before you returned the key,
and then that's when...
In Shota said that when she has gone to the locker room,
after waiting for her in the parking lot, there was no one.
On the other hand, there is an important detail:
you have had the key to the locker room all afternoon
and you could have made a copy at any time.
Don't talk nonsense!
You suspected that Yukiko had robbed you in Shota, didn't you?
That's enough!
Enough fighting among yourselves!
The time has come for a recapitulation of what happened.
Miss Watanabe, after talking on the landing...
with Mr. Sakamoto,
went down the stairs to the dressing room.
She didn't have a key, but she was found dead inside.
The murderer must have been a person who had the key.
That is, Mr. Nishimoto before he turned her back...,
Mr. Aoki after he left to look for her..,
or Ms. Tanaka,
who has been able to make a copy all afternoon.
What is obvious is that the murderer must be one of you 3.
(Shinichi, think) "This is the landing between the staircase and the eighth floor."
"This is where the Yukiko has talked to Mr. Sakamoto."
"Then she went down the stairs to the basement,
where the dressing room is."
"I don't understand why she didn't take the elevator."
Oh, you!
Soc back to the hallway where the drawings are.
"What if he came here?"
It will be there.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I can't find it."
Hey, kid, what are you doing? (Conan's voice) Ah...
Nothing, nothing;
I wasn't doing anything, me.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The security guard's booth is very close."
"Why hasn't the Ran...?"
(Conan's voice) Hey, Ran... What, Conan?
When you found Yukiko dead,
why did you go up to the terrace to look for us,
instead of going to the security guard's booth?
Look, why did Yusuke tell me...
to go look for my father right away.
Wait a minute, Conan!
I know what was different from the first time.
What was? It's that fat bass drum.
The first time I saw it, it was on top of this black box.
Then it was gone.
Oh!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It was that!"
Mr. Tome, I know where the green spots on the Yukiko came from.
Eh?
Oh, geez!
Maybe it's true.
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's it. The pieces are starting to fit together."
"Yes, I know who the murderer is!"
All right, now let's all go to the police station...
and there they'll tell me more about what happened tonight.
- (man) What?
At the police station? -Mhm!
(Woman) Hey, I didn't kill him.
Eh?
(man) Oh!
Mr. Mouri.
What's the matter with you?
You're tired?
(Mouri's voice) Yes.
It's getting very late.
It's getting to be time for us to solve this mystery and find the murderer.
Inspector, the coroner told Conan...
that the green stains on the back of the victim's arms...
were from crayons.
Crayons? Funny thing, isn't it?
And all the more so because there were no crayons in the locker room.
Wow!
Where could they have come from? From the eighth floor.
Where did you say?
Yes, on the eighth floor there is an exhibition of children's drawings.
According to what Conan told me,
there is a drawing made with green crayons
that has a piece half erased, as if someone had rubbed it.
"Someone has attacked Miss Watanabe on the eighth floor,
"pushed her up against the wall where the drawing was.
and unintentionally rubbed it off."
What do you mean?
That she was not killed in the dressing room, but on the eighth floor.
Then why did the corpse appear in the dressing room?
Because it was taken away afterwards.

What?!
Agent Takagi..., it seems to me that Ms. Watanabe...
had a rectangular mark on one thigh, right?
Yes, she had a very curious mark.
Father, is that what you wanted? Tell me what this is.
(Kogoro voice) It's a bass drum case.
Ran, open it, sisplau.
Ara same.
Inspector, do you see that inside there is a metal piece...
to attach the handle to the box?
The mark you have on your thigh
is from when your leg was crushed against this piece.
What does this mean?
That someone has put Ms. Watanabe's corpse
in this box to transport it to the dressing room.
Isn't that right, Mr. Nakamura?
I-I don't understand why you're asking me.
(Kogoro voice) Because only you can answer me.
You were the only one who helped put away the instruments,
therefore, you were the only one...
who has had the possibility to transport the corpse.
W-wait a minute.
When I opened the door and entered the locker room,
Yukiko's corpse was already there on the floor.
Her daughter saw it too!
When I finished helping to tidy up the material,
I went upstairs to talk to Mr. Mouri and his daughter for a while.
Even if I had wanted to, I wouldn't have had time...
to transport the corpse to the dressing room.
(Kogoro voice) It is that there is a very curious detail:
what Ran saw in the dressing room was not the corpse.
May I know what you mean, Mr. Mouri?
Mr. Mouri, I'll bring you what you asked for.
Where, with this mannequin? (Kogoro voice) Thank you.
This mannequin was the sports department, on the eighth floor.
As you can all see, someone has removed his left hand.
The hand that Ran has seen in the locker room
was just the hand of this mannequin.
What? I get it.
If he only had to carry one hand, it was easier.
But, hey, when we both went down to the locker room,
I wasn't carrying any hand.
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Nakamura, could you play your guitar?
-Agent Takagi, you play it. -Yes.
(# (Guitar: out of tune)
(Man) Wow!
This guitar is really out of tune.
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Nakamura, when you entered the dressing room alone, didn't you have this guitar in your hands?
weren't you holding this guitar in your hands?
And this mannequin's hand was inside the guitar.
Yes or no?
"After hiding Miss Watanabe's corpse in the box," he said,
"He took out the left hand of this mannequin,
"put one of the victim's gloves on it,
and hid it inside the guitar."
He probably taped it inside with some kind of seal.
He even had me sign an autograph on the back of the guitar,
but I admit I didn't notice anything.
"When they were in front of the dressing room,
Ran made me wait outside and you entered alone."
"There he took out the hand he had hidden inside the guitar,
"With some cushions and a blanket it has made the form of a body.
"Because it seemed that underneath there was a person,
and has put the hand of the mannequin."
"That's why the Ran thought it was Miss Watanabe."
That's right.
Yusuke!
(Kogoro voice) He told my daughter to come up and get me.
"He was left alone and the bass drum box came in...
with Miss Watanabe's corpse inside the dressing room."
"Then he took the corpse out of the box,
"He put the glove back on her left hand that he had taken off...
and covered it with the blanket."
Then he hid the dummy's hand inside the guitar again.
See?
Here we have the proof that proves the theory.
Here is the truth.
-Yusuke! -But why did you do it?
For me our group was everything, and I thought it was for you too.
-All right, I'll fix you. -Okay.
-Yusuke! -I see it's true.
You and Shota will be members of the new group you want to form.
-I would never have said that.
Y-Yeah, boy.
So what?
The group where you used to sing before already kicked you out,
you offered yourself to a record company for a solo career!
If it hadn't been for us, do you think you'd be singing now?
-Come on, don't make me laugh.
If you got to where you are now, it's only because of me, Yusuke.
If it hadn't been for me, you'd be long gone by now.

-This group is worthless.
W-What?
What did you say?
Even if you had thanked me...
for making you guys serve as a launching pad.
- (laughs) Oh!
Aaaah!
I thought... that the group was also everything for the others....,
but it wasn't!
(cries)
Mr. Nakamura,
you'll have to give us the details of it all to the police station.
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
(Snoring)
What a pity!
I guess, once you've solved the case,
the beer has taken effect and knocked him out.
Sure, but that's okay.
Well, here we are.
Don't leave anything behind.
Hey, listen, Ran, and everything you bought?
Ah!
I have not thought.
I've neglected the bags!
-Well, we'll go back to the department store. (Ran and Conan) Thank you very much.
De-witches, you say?
Already found! (Shinishi, thinking) "The white FD!"
(Conan's voice) Freni!
Freni, I say! Aaah!
(Conan's voice) You were thinking of turning left, now, weren't you?
Of course you were! There's no road, to the left.
The white Mazda FD has made a sharp left turn into the fog.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'A witch in the fog. Part One'."

