(Birds: chirping)
That's all we need!
The fog is getting thick.
It's true.
I noticed that the mountains have not been visible for a while now,
but soon you won't be able to see the road barrier.
It's nothing strange.
Eh?
The other day they said on TV that, at this time of the year,
on Mount Fuyana there is always a very thick fog
because of some kind of temperature and humidity.
You watch too much TV.
What you should do is study.
Why do you say that?
Conan studies enough.
In exams he always takes springs.
Ha! Ha-ha!
Yes.
(Shinichi voice) "It's not strange, because I'm actually 17 years old."
Gee, if I had known that it would be so foggy at that time,
we wouldn't have stayed for dinner at my client's house.
And then we wouldn't have spent the night there to leave tomorrow.
We stayed because you couldn't drive because you were drunk.
Grrr...
Since you both have to go to school, I'll have to step on the gas.
Father, don't try to run, in this fog.
You take it easy, woman.
With this thick fog we get every day at this time of day,
I'm sure we won't find another car.
But... now is not a very good time to step on the accelerator.
Why? Look over there.
Oh, a checkpoint!
(Beep)
-The license, sisplau. -Why?
What's wrong?
No.
It is not necessary, it is not necessary.
If the driver is a man, it is not necessary to stop.
Let pass.
Don't you know that this control is only good for one thing?
-It's to catch a witch. Oh, very well.
What is it?
It's in Yamamura, Gunma Prefecture.
What is it?
Oh!
Mr. Mouri.
What a surprise!
Even though he dances the hula?
What do you say, the hula-hula?
What are you doing here, Agent Yamamura?
And why is it, this control?
NXT-NXT-NXT-NXT!
Please, Ran, you don't remember or what?
It's been a while since I've been a simple police officer.
Look at this.
I'm Inspector Yamamura, at your service.
(Think) "Poor Gunma police..."
Hmm.
So what, has there been a murder around here, Officer Yama...?
Sorry about that.
Hm.
Hello, Inspector Yamamura.
Grrr...
This checkpoint is a very important case.
-A very important case? -It's about a hunt.
-Of witches, specifically. Of... Of witches, you say?
"Witches?"
"Love is eternal, mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Are you ready to find the exit?"
"Who is the mysterious driver
driving on a foggy road?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.

"A witch in the mist (part one)."
But what does this mean about a witch hunt?
Haven't you heard of this case, Mr. Mouri?
Four years ago, on this road of Mount Fuyana,
a mysterious driver was driving dangerously.
And why was she mysterious, that driver?
This road is a mecca for amateur rally racers.
Ah.
"So they say, one day,
"When some had finished a race and were about to leave,
"she appeared out of the ordinary fog far ahead of them."
"The noise the exhaust pipe made,
"mixed with the screeching of the tires on the asphalt,
"sounded like the desperate shrieks of a woman in the fog,"
and that's why they called it... the White Witch of Mont Fuyana.
The White Witch? Why does she have such a strange name?
Because, apparently,
the mysterious witch drove a white Mazda FD.
I don't get it;
if she was inside the car and it was so foggy,

How could they see that it was a woman?
So that a car racing against her pulled off the road,
and she stopped,
got out of the car and asked the driver if he was okay.
Ah!
And you could tell he was super handsome.
Hmmm.
Well, it's an interesting case, but why do you want to stop her, now?
Ah.
Well, because she's been up to her old tricks again, lately.
"She's been challenging amateurs to race again and causing accidents."
A few days ago, one who was racing with her crashed into the barrier...
and is in the hospital in critical condition.
Listen, you, a policeman can't waste his time...
investigating witches and warlocks.
How can you believe in such nonsense?
No wonder, I believe it too, because I've seen her.
What? What?
(Yamamura)
(Yamamura) "One of my superiors instructed me
to take the car that was used as bait to lure the witch."
"And, when I was driving down this road,
I saw her car coming out of the fog."
And how did you know, that it was the witch?
I knew by the hand.
He put his hand out the window and I saw it was a witch's hand.
Did you get a good look at it?
I don't think he could see it, while he was driving.
Well, I wasn't actually driving, I have to confess.
It was my grandmother driving, who had come in from the country by train.
I had picked her up at the station.
She asked me if she could drive and, as I was very tired, I fell asleep in the passenger seat,
I fell asleep in the passenger seat.
Oops!
Don't tell me your grandmother raced against that witch.
Of course she did!
She was well launched.
Grandma likes to watch Formula One and car chases.
But I have to admit that the woman quit halfway through the race.
She said her rival was a supernatural being.
Huh? So-supernatural?
"Yeah, my grandmother said so."
"She said that whatever was in that car had superhuman powers,
"because it ran through the fog like there was no road."
(All three) Above the fog?
"Yes. Grandma thought it was very strange."
"She stopped the car and got out."
"The other driver also got out of her car."
"When my grandmother waved at her, the woman did the same."
-Does she think we believe this? -I know, that we don't.
That's why, being so hard to believe,
when I'm not working at the police station, I come here to help.
I want to clear up this mystery once and for all so that people can believe me.
(Yawns)
But since the witch only comes out in the morning when the fog is at its thickest, I can only come here to the checkpoint,
I can only come here, to the checkpoint, on days when I have a holiday.
The next day I have a holiday... it's Saturday.
If you want, I can come and give you a hand.
No, thank you.
It's not necessary.
It could be that my grandmother didn't see it right.
And even if you are a famous detective,
I don't think you could find a witch who goes above the fog.
On the other hand, I have a better chance of seeing this witch.
You know, to see a supernatural being, you must be a person of pure heart,
you must be a person with a pure heart.
Oh, really?
(Woman) What?
The White Witch of Mont Fuyana?
I know, I know.
I heard she's been acting up again lately.
Why are you interested, Ran?
Say.
"It's just that..."
Father's got it into his head that it must be him, the one who hunts the witch.
A white Mazda FD, an FD.
He's calling all his friends who understand cars,
but the only clue he's got so far is that the driver is a woman
and that the car is a white Mazda FD.
"I thought, since you work for the traffic police,
maybe you could tell me something, Yumi."
The problem is that I am in the Tokyo traffic department.
Miwako, maybe you can help me.
Do you know anything about a woman who races a white FD on the road?
I don't know anything about car racing, me.
In fact, cars don't interest me.
I drive my father's old one.
I was thinking about it.
I'm really sorry, Ran.
I don't know anything that can help you.
(Thinking) "What if it was a foreign car?"
Come on, come on, Father, we're going home.
We've already been there and back twice.
Vols callar, woman?
I've rented a Lancer Evolution to go out and challenge me to a race.
I can't let it run right away.
She scares the hell out of me.
What if she's a real witch?

I already told you not to come, if you didn't want to.
But as in Conan I wanted to come...
I want to see this witch.
Besides, we have it easy, because today is Saturday and we don't go to school.
Now, since we've been going around for a while and she's nowhere to be seen,
it's possible that she's having a party today too.
Maybe there is nothing to do.
We fold.
(squeaks)
Why are they squeaking like this, Ran?
I'm not driving too fast, now.
Why do you say this?
I don't do anything.
(squeaking)
It's the squealing of tires.
(Thinks) "The screeching of tires on asphalt...
along with the roar of an engine pushed to the limit."
"It's a very distinctive noise reminiscent of a woman's screeching."
"That's her."
Hey, Ran, look back.
See if anything's coming?
In the back?
No, I don't see anything.
It's right here, next door!
Oh!
We've already found it. (Think) "The white FD."
"He's baiting us."
Perfect.
I see you're in the mood to play.
No, no, Father.
Don't do it.
Shut up.
I'm not a coward.
When I'm challenged, I respond.
I'll get you. Aaah!
How come it's so far away?
Oh!
Another curve!
Now you'll see!
No, brake!
Brake, I tell you!
What? What?
Oh!
What are you doing?!
Aaah! Aaah!
Aaah!
(Pant)
But what are you sounding, little boy?! !!
You were thinking of turning left now, weren't you?
Of course I was going to turn left,
because the car in front of me had just turned.
So get out of the car and look.
There is no road, on the left;
it's empty.
What's that?
No-it can't be, that.
I saw clearly that the car was turning left.
I don't get it.
I don't understand anything.
(Thinks) "A witch running through the fog on Mont Fuyana."
"What an interesting case."
What?
I don't get it.
It can't be that you've malfixed yourself, Father?
No, I got a good look at it.
The white Mazda FD has made a sharp left turn
stream over the fog.
For the rear fog lights, I saw that it turned to the left.
"There was a very thick fog, but I saw it perfectly."
Whatever you say, it's very clear to me.
I saw it and I felt the screeching of the tires as he made the turn,
"But then I saw that the barrier was getting closer."
That's why I had no choice but to pull the handbrake.
Maybe she really is a witch, then.
"I'm sure she's using some kind of weird magic
for driving through the fog."
"Now that she's tried to run our car off the road."
Inspector Yamamura's grandmother said
That she had seen a mysterious woman holding herself above the fog.
"And the hand she put out the window was really strange,
like a witch's."
Maybe that car is too dangerous
and we'd better not have anything to do with it.
There were two of them.
What?
There were two people inside the car, weren't there?
What?
What's that supposed to mean, boy?
Did you see who was in the car?
I haven't seen it, but it's easy to deduce.
"The FD is a Japanese car and therefore has the steering wheel on the right."
"It is impossible that the driver
would stick his hand out of the window on the left side."
"But if she's a witch, maybe she has a magic arm that stretches."
You might talk about it... with Inspector... Yamamura.
Do me a favor.
Why did you have to call that xitxarel-lo, now?
Because I remember he said
that it would be the roadblock today, Saturday.
If we call him right away, maybe he can stop the white FD.
Yes, that's true.
Besides, as we know the model and color and that there are two people in it,
the target of the investigation is restricted.
No, we don't, that.
What if we catch it and then it casts a spell or a curse on us?
Fear not.
His ability to run at full speed through the fog
and even drive over it
is something that must be demonstrated with clear evidence.
Remember that witches and similar characters
are just a figment of fantasy.
Eee... Co-Conan, this...
Yes, this is the same thing Shinichi would say in this situation.
Ha-ha-ha! T-that's right.
That we stop all white FDs with two or more people inside?
So far we have stopped all the white FDs
that passed by this road,

but since none of them looked suspicious, we let them pass.
You let them pass?
This means that they have seen, of FD targets?
- "Yes, 5, maybe." - What?
That 5 have passed?
Yes, they have passed 5 cars of the same model as the White Witch.
It seems to me that now it sells a lot.
It is fashionable.
"But don't suffer, Mr. Mouri, we only let male drivers pass."
- "At the moment, no women have passed." - Idiot!
"You must not let any pass!"
What don't you see, no cork?
The White Witch who 4 years ago was driving the car,
this time maybe she was sitting in the passenger seat.
"Stop all passing white FDs until I arrive!"
"Don't let them march towards!"
"Luckily, as their control is a bit far away,
I guess the witch hasn't had time to get through yet."
Okay.
(beeping)
Well, I see you have three.
These are the white FDs
that stopped after my call a while ago?
Yes, there were two people in all three of them.
Look, I'm convinced that the last car they stopped...
is the one with the white witch.
I say that because, when we were coming here, we didn't move towards the car.
I don't think we can trust the order of arrival.
Why is that?
Because the only car that when it arrived here
had not stopped anywhere was this one.
The other two had stopped somewhere for a while,
and in the meantime they had been overtaken by other cars.
And another important detail:
while my father was talking to you on the phone,
other cars have also passed.
So he is right: we can't rely on the order of arrival...
to deduce which is that of the White Witch.
I would say that none of these people is the witch.
That's my conclusion after the interrogation.
What questions have you asked them?
Just one: "Tell me if you are a witch".
(thinks) "My goodness, what a donkey!"
Why don't you interrogate them, Mr. Mouri?
Someone has to be the witch, if we have seen her hand.
Yes, it's true.
Let's see, who arrived first?
(Yamamura) The first ones were those two young men.
What a question!
We have already told the other that we are not witches.
Now, it must be said that we are wearing a FD...
because it's the same model as that of the witch.
Going on this road is easy, when you have an FD.
You think it's easy?
Yes.
Those who come to race think we're the witch and move away.
By the way, you must be fishermen, right?
Huh?
I'm just saying that because those things you're carrying behind you
are fishing rods and tackle.
(Man) Yes.
We like to go fishing for perch in Lake Fuyana.
Please, take this rod out, I want to see it and touch it.
I'll take it out now.
But keep an eye on it.
It's a very good rod.
Here.
(Thinking) "Hm. Yes, it's a good rod."
Let's see, can you assure me that while they were coming this way...
they didn't move on to another car?
Yes, because today he was the one driving, and he's not an overtaker.
Although he doesn't look like it, he's a very prudent driver.
-Ha-ha! -What's wrong with you?
Hey.
I noticed he's wearing a big ring.
Yes, it's true that it's a very big ring, and not very practical.
I did this putting on my belt.
What a coincidence!
I saw that the witch was wearing a ring like this.
What do you say now?
Do you want to know why I'm wearing a white FD?
It's very easy: because we are big fans of the witch.
She's such a charismatic character!
Well, they told me they were overtaken by another car,
on their way here.
Yes.
Because I got a call while I was driving,
I pulled over to the side of the road and two or three cars passed.
Could you tell me if they were also white FDs?
I don't know.
I'm sorry, I didn't notice.
And there was a very thick fog.
That call you received was from your golf friend?
-What? -And this little guy?
Who are you?
It's just that I see you're carrying 3 golf bags.
That's why I asked.
-Who is he, this gossipy brat? -Relax, he's just a kid.
What's this?
He's got a fake fingernail.
It's on all his fingers except the middle one.
Oh!

When I was coming here, it got caught in the gear shift and I fell off.
How funny!
The witch also had very long nails.
But look: Haruka's nails are pink.
Witches always have black nails.
From this, if you allow us,
we would like to search your golf bags.
Okay.
Open the photo, if you want.
What?
That the witch they say is running around here...
she's wearing a white FD like ours?
I had no idea.
We bought this car because we liked it white...
and because it has a spectacular design.
Very good.
Have you been overtaken by any other FD, when you were on this road?
It could be so,
because yours is the last of the 3 that have stopped at this checkpoint, right?
Yes.
We stopped for a moment to buy a coffee from a vending machine
and a car passed by, but I don't know what model.
We didn't notice it,
because we were stopped to drink our coffee in the car
and talking about the park at the lake where we are going.
Is that why you have the floats and the inflatable boat?
Yes, of course;
when we're at the lake we want to go on a boat,
and we want to play in the water with the floats.
But they have inflated these big floats and the boat inside the car,
and they won't be able to get them out.
I inflated them because she told me to.
That way, by the time we got there, we'd have the job done.
Wow!
This means you were driving, right?
Yes.
I was sitting next to her with the map open for reference.
Ah!
But what's he doing?
(Think) "He's too fat, for being the witch."
Now we would like to take a closer look at these floats
and the inflatable boat that carry the car.
(Grandma) You mean, Misao?
(Grandma) Oh!
Grandma, didn't I tell you to stay in the car?
But, you came here with your grandmother?
Yes.
I didn't want her to come, but she insisted.
She says she would surely recognize the witch, if she saw her again.
Yes, but at the moment I don't see her anywhere, the witch.
And how do you know that she's not here? It's very easy.
The other day, when that character got out of the car
and waved to me, he had a halo around his body,
he had a halo around his body.
She looked more like a goddess than a witch.
And of all these, there is no one who has a halo around him.
-Eh? Where did she come from, this old woman?
Come on, shut up, grandma.
I-I think you can go now, if you want to.
We've already finished.
If we need any more information,
we'll call you from the police station.
(Think) "The White Witch,
the legendary driver who raced to Mount Fuyana four years ago."
"She drove through the fog
and also held up above the fog and waved."
"What kind of trick was she supposed to use?"
"Really, someone is able to do this?"
"We have three pairs of suspicious drivers:
"In Raito Egashira and the Akira Mafune,
"The Rumi Hand and the Haruka Kawai
and Jinya Enda and Yasue Taira."
"You can get ready now, White Witch."
"I am sure that very soon I will be able to unmask."
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
How useless you are!
I wanted to see the ending of today's episode because during the credits
they will play "Mirage at Midnight" by Yoko Okino.
"Mirage?"
It had occurred to me too, this simple trick, but it doesn't work,
because it doesn't explain another strange phenomenon.
The witch who stood in the fog.
Well, we'll have to ask the person who invented the trick:
It's the White Witch.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'A Witch in the Mist (Part Two)'."

