(Shinichi voice) "Along the roads of Mount Fuyana
ran the legendary White Witch, who, with her white Mazda FD,
challenged the other drivers to a race."
"After a few years, the White Witch was back in action....
and caused accidents among those who dared to race her."
"Inspector Yamamura was investigating the case,
and one day his grandmother caught a glimpse of the famous witch."
"According to the grandmother, the woman's car...
"was racing through the fog..,
and when it stopped, the witch got out and waved at her."
"When Mr. Mouri heard about the case,
he could not resist the temptation to go to Mount Fuyana at first light to try to hunt the witch.
to try to hunt down the witch."
"Suddenly, the witch's white Mazda FD....
came along the fog-covered road."
"Mr. Mouri ran recklessly
to catch the witch's car,
but the white FD disappeared from the road
as if running through the fog,
with a noise that sounded like a woman's shrieks."
"It couldn't be. Surely that was a clever trick."
"To confirm it, we notified Inspector Yamamura,
that it was at a roadblock,
and asked him to stop all passing white FDs."
"After our tip-off, the roadblock stopped three couples
Who were going with a white FD each."
"One of these people was the White Witch."
"But we should still find out how she was doing it
to make her car run through the fog."
"Love is eternal, the mysteries, a labyrinth."
"Ready to find the exit?"
"Engines roar through the fog. Let's unmask the witch."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Konno nimo soba ni iru noni Boku no Omois todokanakute.
Tokei no hari wa makimodosenai.
Tomo ni mita ano keshiki wo Wasureshimawanai Younis.
Kioku no pazuru wo atsumete Toumeina kimi no hitomi.
Utsuru Sugata ano koro no boku Jana keredo.
Everlasting love.
Meikyuu no Younes meguru Sekai de
Kawaranai Omois wo kimi ni...
Everlasting love.
Ima wa mada Iena keredo
Kimi dake wo Aishiteru Everlasting love.
Ichido dake niega ga Kanau nara
Kaeritai kimi no Tonari ni.
Everlasting love.
Subete no Nazo wo tokiakashite
Kimi to Zutter Zutter irareru Younis.
Tsunaida sueño te wo hanasanai kara.
Yume no naka de kimi ni sasayaita.
Itsuki kanarazu mukae ni yuku yo.
Everlasting love.
"A witch in the mist. Part two."
What a question!
We have told the other before that we are not witches.
Now, it has been said that we carry an FD, it is the same model as the witch.
You must be fishermen, right? Eh?
I'm saying that because what you're carrying behind you
are fishing rods and tackle.
Yes.
We like to go fishing for perch in Lake Fuyana.
Now, can you assure me that while you were on your way here...
you didn't move on to another car?
Yes, because he was driving today, and he's not an overtaker.
Although he doesn't look like it, he's a very prudent driver.
What's the matter with you? Hey!
I noticed he's wearing a big ring.
Yes, it's true that it's a very big ring and not very practical.
This I have done it to me putting on my belt.
(Girl) Do you want to know why I'm wearing a white FD?
It's very easy: because we are big fans of the witch.
She's such a charismatic character....
Well, they told me they were overtaken by another car on their way here.
Yeah, I kind of got a call while I was driving,
I pulled over to the side of the road and two or three cars went by.
That call you received was from your golf friend?
It's just that I see they are carrying three golf bags.
That's why I asked.
Who is this gossipy brat?
Don't worry, he's just a kid.
What's this?
He's got a fake fingernail!
It's on all his fingers except the middle one.
Oh... on my way here it got caught in the gear shift...
and fell off.
That the witch that they say runs around here
is wearing a white FD like ours?
-I had no idea. -Very good.
Have you been overtaken by any other FD when you were on this road?
Yes, we stopped for a moment to buy a cup of coffee...
and a car passed by, but I don't know what model.
It's just that we didn't notice

because we were standing around drinking and making coffee in the car
and talking about the lake park where we are going.
That's why they carry the floats and the inflatable boat?
Now we'd like to take a closer look at these floats and the inflatable barge
that are on the car.
You mean, Misao?
Oh, Grandma, didn't I tell you to stay in the car?
The other day when that character
got out of the car, which was held up above the fog
and waved to me, he had a halo around his body.
She looked more like a goddess than a witch.
(Yumi) What?
So, in the end she let all six of them go?
What if it turns out that one of the people you questioned is the witch?
It is that of the three people who were in the front passenger seat
the FDs who stopped,
none of them had arms like the witch's.
In the end, my father also said that maybe it was true that she was a witch.
that she was a witch.
Oh yeah?
What a case, right?
Well, I'm hanging up.
I just wanted to know how today went.
Bye, Ran.
You were talking about the White Witch of Mont Fuyana, right?
By the way, there was a time
that you got up early to go down that road, right, Miwako?
Yes, because I knew a little girl who had been orphaned
and who was admitted to a mountain hospital
because, following the death of her parents, she had become mute.
But one fine day she began to smile,
and from then on everything started to work out.
The day she was discharged, she told me that when she grew up she wanted to be a policeman like me,
she would like to be a policeman like me.
That's nice, isn't it?
And you never saw the witch on that road?
No.
Since all I wanted to do was to get there in a hurry
to see that little girl, I didn't pay attention to anything.
-Thief!
He's getting away! -There's been a robbery.
Sorry, Yumi.
We'll go to karaoke another day.
Wow, girl!
How you run!
Yumi, I'm so sorry,
but I advise you to cover your ears.
What are you going to do?
What's wrong?
What's the matter?
Are they racing cars in the street at this hour?
What a desire to party...
On the other hand, we're in the middle of an investigation...
to unmask a witch xiscladora.
(He thinks) "Yes. And I already know more or less who she is."
"It must be one of the six people who stopped the checkpoint."
"I'd also very much like to know
how he manages to race the car through the fog
and hold it right there."
No way!
It's already 8.50 a.m.!
I have to put the TV on, I have to start it up.
Ah!
The TV won't start!
Oh, it's me, I unplugged it to put the vacuum cleaner on.
It was me, I unplugged it to put the vacuum cleaner on.
What are you saying?
How useless you are!
I wanted to see the end of today's episode,
during the credits they'll play "Mirage at Midnight" by Yoko Okino.
"Mirage?"
How can you be vacuuming at a time like this?
I'm vacuuming because you dropped the ashtray on the floor!
"It's a phenomenon that causes light to deviate
due to the difference in air densities,
so that figures or landscapes are seen in places where they are not."
That character who got out of the car and greeted me
had a halo around his body.
"A halo?"
(TV: woman) "You have been able to watch this show
thanks to the sponsorship of the following brands."
Since you've been wasting my time, it's already over.
If you hadn't fallen asleep, it wouldn't have happened.
(Conan's voice) Of it... What?
It seems to me that today we should all go to sleep early just in case.
I suspect we'll have to get up early to go hunt the witch.
That's why we'd better get some rest.
To hunt the witch?
I hope you've already guessed
which of the three couples that stopped the checkpoint the other day
has to do with the witch.
But if the witch is able to run in a car above the fog
and stand right there, she can also cast a spell to trick you.
This witch is very powerful and can make you think whatever she wants.
I know this from braç.Pel arm?
The other day, when we found the witch's car,
we saw an arm sticking out of the passenger window.
It had very long fingernails and was wearing rings and bracelets.
Thanks to this I have endevinat.
I do not understand it.

The arm of the man sitting in the passenger seat of the first car was very fat and hairy.
was very fat and hairy.
In the car of the two women,
the one sitting in the passenger seat had very dark skin.
And in the couple's car,
the man, who was the one sitting in the front passenger seat,
had an arm that was too thick.
None of these three arms
looked like the thin, light-skinned arm
that we saw coming out of the witch's car.
The thing is that one of the people
who told us that they were in the passenger seat
was actually driving the car.
She tricked us? Now I understand.
The three people who told us they were driving
have fair skin and thin arms,
and one of them tricked us because we didn't suspect she was the witch.
Of the three couples, the most suspicious is the man and the woman.
That chubby man told us
that he was sitting next to the driver to go looking at the map
and that during the trip he had inflated some floats and a boat,
but he sure fooled us,
because there's no way he could have inflated all that stuff with his mouth
while he was sitting in the front seat.
It's not impossible, he could have inflated it with a bicycle pump?
or with an electric inflator, couldn't he?
Yes, I admit you are right.
So, who tricked us?
The two women who were riding together?
The woman who said she was driving
had dropped her fake fingernail from her middle finger.
Maybe it was because she had rushed
to take off her black witch's nails and put on pink ones.
It could be, but she told us that it had fallen off....
because she'd got stuck with the gear shift,
which is to the left of the driver;
this fits.
I'll take a guess:
what fooled us is the man who had the hairy arm.
Yes, because he told us that, putting on his seat belt,
he'd scratched his right cheek
with that fat ring he was wearing.
As the FD is a Japanese car, it has the steering wheel on the right.
The man said he had hurt his right cheek stretching the belt,
but he could only do that if he had the belt on the right side of the seat.
So, the witch's arm?
Of course, it had to be the one with the man with the hairy arm.
That thin, fair-skinned man
must have put on false nails and rings and bracelets
that looked like a witch's arm.
But I still don't know how to explain that the car drives through the fog
or that the witch can also stand up straight.
Ah, is that this... This what?
Do you also have an explanation? No, I don't have any explanation.
It's something very strange.
Ha...
(thinks) "Better not say anything else. What a pity."
"Now that he's driving, I can't put Mr. Mouri to sleep with the anesthetic dart."
"Shut up!"
Speaking of something else, that song I wanted to feel yesterday,
"Mirage at Midnight," by Yoko Okino, has a very strange title.
Why is it weird?
Because it's impossible to see a mirage at night.
You are small and can't understand figurative meanings.
A mirage is a kind of magic
that makes it possible to see in one place something that is not there,
but somewhere else.
It is not any kind of magic, it is a phenomenon of nature.
Maybe that car in front of us
that seemed to be running through the fog wasn't there either.
Maybe someone was making it look so that we would think it was there.
Well, man, well, I saw right under my nose...
as the witch's car turned to the left
in a place where there was no road, and how it ran over the fog.
But the only thing he saw were the red taillights.
It was thick fog that day, just like today.
But it wasn't just the lights.
There was also the sound of tires screeching on the asphalt.
squealing on the asphalt.
That's why I also wanted to turn left.
What's the matter?
What's making you laugh so much, kiddo?
It makes me laugh that some lights made you fall into a trap, Mr. Mouri.
It's the same thing that happens to the little fishes
that are attracted by the light that the ball fish makes
and end up in its belly.
The ball fish? what's a fish doing here?

Wait a minute, they were carrying fishing rods, the car.
Maybe they hooked some red lights like the ones on the ball fish to the rod.
to the rod,
and they pulled it out the passenger window
just before making a right turn
but throwing the rod to the left,
so it looked like the car was turning that way.
And the screeching of the tires could be a sound that they had recorded
and that they played loudly through the car's loudspeakers.
I had also thought of this simple trick, but it doesn't work,
because it does not explain another strange phenomenon:
the witch who was holding herself up in the fog.
(He thinks) "But who's to say,
that the same trick must serve to explain both phenomena?"
"Maybe they are two different tricks."
"We have to watch out that preconceived ideas
do not hide from us a simpler explanation."
It is impossible that they stuck a dummy on the tip of the reed
and made it move in the fog.
Yeah, well, we'll have to ask...
the person who invented the trick.
What do you say?
Don't smoke that...?
Yes, she's coming.
It's the White Witch of Mont Fuyana.
Here we go again! (Think) "She's provoking us again."
You'll see.
Today she has not escaped me.
Watch out!
Do not be fooled by red lights!
No, and now!
I will not hit again with the same stone.
Damn, how fast this car!
But today it won't beat me.
I do not laugh twice.
It accelerates.
It looks like I've turned left, but it doesn't lift my shirt.
What I have to do is turn right.
I was thinking about it:
He wanted us to believe that he was turning off the road, but he's not.
Look how he's keeping the rod with the lights on.
I don't understand why his taillights aren't on.
and why the brake lights don't come on when he turns.
Because they don't want to be seen.
That's why they turn off all the lights.
And because they use the handbrake to skid,
no lights come on either.
What do they do?
I don't understand why it doesn't work for us now.
At the next sharp turn, they're going to go flying.
Yes!
Yes!
They're falling behind.
Now we'll really get them off our backs.
(laughing)
(laughs) Oh!
What's this one doing?!
Now it's really over.
It's the end of the hairy-armed witch.
I didn't expect it.
Who could have thought of
to do a skid in the middle of this straight?
Don't think it was a fluke.
-Right, Yamamura? -Yes, it was!
He's been waiting for me for a while now,
since Mr. Mouri told me to block the road.
By the way, I think you're driving very slowly,
because to come here I've been going all the time
about 200 meters in front of him
and I got so bored that I almost fell asleep.
Come on, we've been set up.
Come on, you can start talking now.
I want to know why they did it, that's why.
What are you saying?
That they were doing it to scare away those who were racing on this road?
But you are the first ones to do it!
(Cap boy) We used to do it before.
But a friend of ours died in an accident in one of these races.
So we decided to stop.
(Chico gorra) We didn't like it
that there were still so many people doing the crazy thing out there,
as if nothing had happened.
We thought that, with this trick,
we could scare them away from here forever.
We wanted to take advantage of the legend of the White Witch
that ran along these roads four years ago.
Our intention was to make this road quiet and safe.
And I think we have achieved that, because, with this witch thing,
people have been scared and there are not so many races.
You people are unconscious.
Can't you see that because of you there are serious injuries in the hospital?
Yes, and we are very sorry, really.
And another question:
How did you manage to stand straight through the fog and wave?
Yes, the other day I already felt that your grandmother was talking about this
but I didn't understand what she meant.
I would say she dreamed it or saw visions.
The specter of Brocken.
When the light of the sun behind a person
is projected onto the fog in front of him,
a rainbow-like circle of light is created around his silhouette.
around his silhouette;
hence the halo.

It is a phenomenon that is often observed on Mount Brocken in Germany.
It is seen there,
of these shadows with a halo called "Brocken fairies".
One day I saw a documentary on TV about it.
-Always loved on TV! -Wow!
This means my grandmother,
when she thought she was responding to someone who greeted her,
she was actually saying hello to herself.
Well, now I'll send someone to pick up her car,
and you two will come with me to the station.
You're in for a good round of questioning.
Okay, but let me get the wallet, that's the car.
(Mobile)
Hello, Yumi.
Hey, I have a news: we just captured the White Witch.
What? She's not here.
She's not here.
Hey, make sure it's not on the other side.
Where is it?
We've been tricked! Oh, my God!
They're getting away!
Hey, did you write down the license plate? No.
I wanted to do it at the police station.
Wow, you, what an absent-mindedness!
(Thinking) "These two know the road by heart."
"I don't think we can catch them."
What? Oh, man!
This car...
"No way!"
How cool!
They've frozen.
They won't catch us.
Yeah, that cop looked a little short.
I'm on parole, you.
If they arrest me again, I'm all fixed up.
(squeaking)
This sounds like a woman's squeak.
No, man, it's the screeching of tires.
Come on, come on, woman gas, otherwise you'll catch us, man!
It's useless.
That car has an incredible speed.
If you press even more on the accelerator...
-No!
We've already got it stuck! -Shut up, I'm very familiar with this noise.
It's a noise I've tried to copy many times.
I've had enough of changing tires and removing mufflers.
(Squeals)
It's the witch's cry!
Stop!
We are policemen.
Brake and stop the car.
(At the same time) Po... cops?
Hey, Miwako!
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
What are you saying?
That the witch who ran four years ago was Agent Sato?
Is it true?
Yes, but it's funny, because she wasn't aware of it at all.
In fact, she didn't even know that her car was an FD.
But there is one important detail: Agent Sato's car is not white.
She told me that she had changed the color because, a few years ago,
he had met another one on that road
and they almost collided.
He thought that a white car was difficult to see in the fog.
But does Agent Sato's car make that goosebump-inducing noise?
that gives you goose bumps?
Is it true, what is that kind of screeching noise?
Ah!
It's a habit Miwako has.
(Squeals)
When I'm in a hurry, I see a curve and I feel like skidding a bit,
I find it's nice to make such a beastly squeal.
I'm a bit embarrassed.
It is això.Vaja, this way it shrieks of truth.
(He thinks) "Well, no wonder it sounded like a squeal. It was."
(Think) "It's Kayoko, the girl he's taken hostage."
"They say she's carrying a gun. I have to check it out."
"If it's true, I have to be careful."
Father, it's me.
They've kidnapped Conan!
But there's still another suspect.
You yourself, Kanayama.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Two days with the culprit. Part One'."

