(Shinichi voice) "Someone has shot dead Kazuyoshi Onda,
the president of a video game company."
"The main suspect is a criminal....
whose name is Ryosuke Oomine."
"To escape from the police,
the Oomine has taken a girl hostage in a shopping mall."
"By chance, I am also there and can rescue the girl,
but then I become the Oomine's hostage."
"The suspect escapes from the police,
and we hide in the basement of a building in Tokyo."
"With a ruse, I check that the Oomine is unarmed....
and try to escape."
"Suddenly, someone shoots at us, taking advantage of the fact that we are in the dark."
"The Oomine protects me and is wounded."
"A man with that protective instinct can't be an assassin."
"I'm beginning to suspect that the murder of Mr. Onda....
is not as clear-cut as it seemed."
"Inspector Takagi is following us closely,
and I contact Dr. Agasa because he's coming to pick us up."
"When he arrives, we hide in his car."
"No. I can't let the police stop the Oomine."
"First, I have to solve the mystery."
"I have to find the truth they want to hide from us."
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the time of suspense!"
"A bizarre kidnapping, where the kidnapped discovers the real culprit."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"Two days with the culprit. (Part Two)"
Conan!
You are fine!
Ah!
Oh, what are you doing?
Ran, stop!
You're back!
I'm so glad, Conan!
What?!
Aaah!
Ran, wait! AAAI...!
Aaaah! Ran, stop it!
I'm convinced he's not the culprit.
What?
-Huh? -(Mobile)
(Mobile)
-Why don't you take it? -Why don't you take it? - (cell phone)
You came all the way out here for that, didn't you?
- (mobile) - (mobile: man) "Hey, it's me."
-You're the Oomine? - "And who are you?"
"I'm Kogoro Mouri."
In Kogoro Mouri?
Let him put on Kanayama!
I told him not to move! Ah, yes.
First, put him on Conan.
I want to feel him!
What did he think?
That I hurt him? In Conan is fine, father!
"Quiet, don't suffer."
Ran!
Don't tell me he kidnapped you too!
"Calm down!"
- "Stop it! Put him in Kanayama!" - I don't understand anything anymore.
Here, he says he wants to talk to you.
Understood.
Oomine.
"What are you about? You could at least pick up the phone when I call you!"
Okay, sorry.
"Bring me a car at the address I'll give you."
-Ask Momoko to give you the address.
The cops found me
because Momoko was waiting for me at the mall.
Momoko? Take me a car, please.
I have to get out of Tokyo.
What is it, the address?
Tell her we're at Dr. Agasa's house.
-They're at Dr. Agasa's house. What?
Now it turns out you've kidnapped Dr. Agasa too?
Okay, I've already said it.
Momoko is the woman... who was talking to you on the computer?
She's the secretary of Onda.
Many times, when we go out for a drink, the Oomine comes too.
The car keys, Mr. Mouri.
You don't need to come, me, do you?
You still have it, that revolver? I bought it on the internet.
In theory it was a blank.
Blanks?
"I bought it from a gun enthusiast,
on a modified gun website."
"I thought it was a harmless revolver."
"The bullets looked like real bullets, but they were blanks."

"I went on the web and bought a revolver and 3 blanks."
"And I took it for threatening the Wave."
"On the instruction sheet, it said those bullets were not real bullets."
(Shot)
But the bullet you're going to shoot was.
And so much.
And what did you do with the revolver? I threw it away.
"I realized that I was in trouble."
(Pistol: ringing)
From what I heard on the news, the police haven't found the gun.
Why don't we go look for it? Don't talk nonsense, kiddo!
When the car comes, I'm out of here!
Kanayama!
Father, no!
The famous detective Kogoro Mouri caught
the terrible murderer Ryosuke Oomine!
I'm sorry, but he's not the culprit.
It's in someone's interest to make everyone think that the murderer is Oomine.
What nonsense are you talking, boy?
It seems that the Oomine only fired a blank.
The most important thing is to find his revolver, don't you think?
Come to think of it, the police still haven't found the gun.
Yes, let's look!
First, let's go to the exact place where the shot glass was thrown.
When the shot glass was knocked over, you felt it hit something, didn't you?
Yes.
(Shinichi, think) "Probably, it hit the wall of the building."
"Up there!"
(Conan voice) This way!
This mark is very fresh.
When he threw the revolver,
it probably hit this wall.
If it hit the wall, it didn't bounce very far.
You're right.
(Shinichi, think) "The floor is wet. It's all covered with footprints."
(Conan voice) Is it possible...?
Someone wants to pin the blame on our friend Oomine.
Maybe the real culprit has it.
When you are going to throw the revolver, they were doing something, in the building?
When I explain that I met the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
You do not know how I am glad, to do this work!
Yes, so much.
You are very lucky, you.
I've wanted to be a detective all my life!
If I quit this job,
would you hire me as an assistant, Mr. Mouri?
Is this a window cleaning machine?
Yes, that's right.
And don't touch anything, brat!
-Why are you talking to him in that tone? -I'm sorry, sir!
This goes up and down the wall of the building, doesn't it?
You've hit the nail on the head, you're very clever.
Is it automatic? Fully automatic.
And you cleaned them last night?
Yes, the windows in that part of the building.
"I clean them at night, so that the soapy water always flows,
and if I do it during the day I disturb the tenants."
(Shinichi, think) "The floor is wet because of the water from cleaning."
(Shinichi, think) "It's here!"
Mr. Mouri, please, do you want to hire me?
(Shinichi, thinks) "The revolver!
The revolver!
(Shinichi, thinks) "When the Oomine threw the revolver over the fence,
the window-cleaning machine was running."
"When he threw it, by chance,
the revolver fell right on top of the machine's drawer."
"And when the cleaning was finished,
"The mechanism started up again,
the drawer went up to the roof, and the revolver fell here."
(Agasa) This revolver is very well made,
but there is no doubt that it is a blank.
You can tell by the distribution of the powder in the bullets.
When someone fires it, it makes a very loud noise,
but the bullet remains unused inside the barrel.
And then, why did he die, Mr. Onda?
He died because someone shot him.
What are you calling?
The real killer was hiding somewhere in the park.
"When the Oomine fired a blank..,
the killer fired his gun, and killed Mr. Onda."
I get the picture.
The way I see it, so far we have 3 suspects.
The video game maker, in Seiichi Kanayama.
Mr. Onda's secretary, in Momoko Uemiya.
And the vice president of the company, in Satoshi Kanda.
In Kanayama believed that Onda did not pay him enough money for his games.
The Momoko, probably had an issue with his head.
And they say that Onda was mobbing Satoshi Kanda.
But Mr. Onda's company was in a lot of trouble financially,
and things weren't going well for him, were they?
Yes, that's true.
Hey, you, boy, don't interrupt me when I'm talking!
How he found it,

the website of the person who sold you the gun?
-I don't remember. What are you hiding from us?
Come on, talk!
The... the Momoko.
What did she say?
Momoko told me
that Mr. Onda had been an Olympic judo champion,
and advised me to carry a gun.
And she told me about the website where I bought the revolver.
Yes, everything fits.
Eh?
You stay out of this!
Now let the big ones work.
(Door: closes)
(Door: closes) Doctor.
(Door: closes) Eh?
I want you to take us... to a place where we've already been.
(Agasa) How come you have the keys to the building?
When I came to Tokyo,
I found work here as a security guard.
And I made copies of the keys.
(Shinichi, thinks) "That noise before..."
(Bullet: ringing)
"It must be this way."
I get it!
(Agasa) Hey!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's stained with blood..."
Hey, what's this?
What have you found?
Who else knew that you had worked here as a security guard?
Mmm... Kanayama, the Momoko, and Vice President Kanda.
And how is it, Mr. Kanda?
I know Kanda is very fond of Kanayama.
Many times, he takes us both out for drinks.
Yes, he is a very nice person.
Oomine, have you ever played an actor?
An actor?
What do you mean?
Hey, I told them not to let anyone in!
Mr. Mouri!
Sorry, I have to talk to the inspector.
In Kanayama he's brought us up to date.
The Oomine was at Dr. Agasa's house?
Yes, sir.
Inspector, the Oomine is not the culprit.
The murderer is someone else.
Aren't you sure?
Please call Miss Momoko Uemiya.
We already have all the actors in the play.
Explain what you mean, Mouri.
Okay, let's start from the beginning.
The origin of the case is a discussion they had in Kanayama
and his boss, Mr. Onda.
"The video game software that he had developed at Kanayama....
"It made the company a lot of money,
but Onda-san paid him a pittance."
"At Kanayama, he couldn't stand...
that Onda took the lion's share of the profits."
"Outraged, he told his friend Oomine...
that his head was exploiting his creativity for nothing."
"Then, the Oomine offered to threaten Mr. Onda."
"And then Momoko Uemiya entered the scene."
"In Kanayama and the Momoko work in the same company
and had been having a love affair."
"But the Oomine is in love with Momoko."
He insinuates that he murdered him because I asked him to ?!
-Exactly. This is nonsense.
And he also told the Oomine about the gun enthusiast's website
to buy the revolver....
I only received a message advertising the site,
and I told him about it.
-Nothing else happened... (woman: call).
Oomine!
Conan!
Everybody freeze, or I'll blow his head off!
Please do as he says or he'll kill me!
You bastard!
I could have handed you over to the police first!
Up against the window!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Don't hurt me!
No, it's dangerous!
Aaah! Iaaah!
You've endangered us all, Mr. Kanda.
It was an impulse, I'm sorry.
Because of the boy, there was almost a misfortune.
Oomine, you are under arrest. (Kogoro voice) One moment, please!
I haven't said everything I wanted to say yet.
Mouri... Where did I leave off?
I was saying... that Miss Uemiya was a suspect.
- (Kogoro voice) No, it's not true... Yes, you did!
(Kogoro voice) In this case, the determining factor...
is who benefits the most from Mr. Onda's death.
I, from Mr. Onda's death, will not get a single yen.
I don't get anything out of it either.
And on top of that, when the Oomine called me,
the first thing I did was to call the police!
(Kogoro voice) So, there's only one suspect left.
(Kogoro voice) What?
Why are you looking at me?!
(Kogoro voice) You're very brave, you.
You pounced on Mr. Oomine,
an armed criminal who is suspected of murder.
I did it because I wanted to save everyone.
Or you did it because you know
that the revolver is loaded with blanks.
And you know that because you are the person
who sold the blanks to Mr. Oomine.
Who killed Mr. Onda?
Mr. Kanda, it was you!
It is not true!

This makes no sense at all!
For a long time, he was mobbed by Mr. Onda.
-Isn't that right, Mr. Kanda? -Yes, that's true.
Mr. Onda humiliated him all the time.
"When he found out that Kanayama was criticizing the president,
he took advantage of what he felt to carry out his plan."
"If Onda disappeared, you would be the president of the company."
"He is fond of guns,
and turned a real revolver into a blank gun."
"He designed a website to advertise the gun,
and sent it to Momoko."
"As he had predicted, the Momoko sent the web address
to Mr. Oomine."
"And Mr. Oomine bought the modified revolver from him....
and the blanks."
"As for the bullets,
I am convinced that you also modified them."
"And then, when the Oomine fired a blank bullet....,
you fired a real bullet with your revolver."
"After that, all I had to do was to retrieve the revolver from the Oomine...
"So that the police would not discover
that it was loaded with blanks."
(Revolver: chimes)
"He looked everywhere..., but he didn't find it."
And do you know where it was?
"It fell on top of the window-cleaning machine...
and ended up on the roof of the building."
I get it.
Very clever theory.
But I don't think you have any proof.
You can't prove that I modified the gun...
or that I went looking for it.
(Kogoro voice) If you went to look for it, you stepped in the mud...
that had been made with the water from the window washer,
and we'll find it on your shoes.
And another thing.
The culprit has a wound on the index finger of his right hand.
The culprit fired a shot at Mr. Oomine
in the basement of the building where he had taken Conan.
But the revolver burst and cut his finger.
(Conan's voice) Prova.
Oh, thank you very much!
It's stained with blood.
Yes.
(Kogoro voice) If you analyze it, you'll see that it's from Vice President Kanda.
-Iaaah! -(thud)
Do justice and you can get your life back on track.
I am very sorry for you.
Everything that happened to you was my fault.
Don't worry.
I'll pay for what I've done, and I'll start from scratch.
That's very good. Is that so?
Oh..., oh...
What happened?
You just solved the case on your own.
Yes, congratulations.
Aaa... thank you.
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Did it scare you a lot, Conan? No, I was very calm.
To make up for this experience,
I'll make you a finger-licking dinner.
Thanks, Ran!
Hey, Conan, finally!
I found you just in time, Conan.
Eh?
If we go to Matsui's bakery with a kid his age,
the cakes are half price.
It's just... I'm in a hurry now, I have to go.
Conan, don't run away!
(Shinichi, think) "I've had enough! This time I won't get tangled up."
Conan, please don't go!
(Shinichi, thinks) Oh!
How cool!
The sushi is spinning!
Don't move!
If anyone moves, I'll tell the cops when they arrive.
I thought that Mouri had a great talent
for attracting difficult cases.
I see it happens to you too.
Jo no....
(Shinichi, think) "It's hard to imagine a...
that prevents someone from grabbing the plate in midstream
and carrying the poison to the target."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!
"'The mystery of the revolving sushi buffet. Part One '."

