(Scoundrel) Long live sushi, long live sushi, how happy I am!
Doctor Agasa's game we have won!
In the sushi restaurant we are going to eat!
Turbot and tuna, sea bream and squid!
Let's see, you can eat sea bream, turbot and anything else you like.
They say that the restaurant where we are going is very good and cheap,
and that it has a great variety of products.
They have a lot of variety! -And it is cheap and delicious!
A sushi restaurant!
Come on, let's go!
He-he-he-he! - (Ai) Excuse me, doctor...
Don't tell me this sushi is the breakfast you're spinning.
Oysters.
Hm.
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the time of suspense!"
"A serious incident disturbs the atmosphere
of a sushi restaurant we all love."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"The mystery of the revolving sushi buffet (part one)."
I knew it.
It's a rotating sushi buffet.
Hey, you promised us that if we won the game,
you'd take us to a top-notch sushi restaurant!
That's not fair, doctor!
I've even had less breakfast
and I've only repeated rice so I could come on an empty stomach!
(Think) "You've had it rough, pretty boy."
I should have thought more about our feelings;
we were looking forward to this invitation.
(Thinks) "I might as well think about my pocketbook, too."
Don't make these faces.
I assure you, the one they have is very good.
Have you ever eaten at a revolving sushi buffet?
-No, I haven't either.
My father told me that I have to eat only in restaurants with good sushi!
Yeah, I guess I should have told you that,
but the first time you walk in you'll be shocked!
Ooh!
That's awesome!
He-he-he-he!
The sushi is spinning!
(Ayumi) That's right!
Can we take any dish we want?
Yes, I don't mind!
But just think, if you take a dish, you can't put it back on the conveyor belt.
It's rude.
And then you do the count by adding up the number of plates
and the kind of dishes that have been consumed.
But what if the sushi you want to eat doesn't arrive?
In such cases, you can order it, Genta.
If you tell the doctor, he will mark the order on the screen.
And you can also order egg cream soup and miso soup.
What kind of sushi do you want to order, va?
I want 10 plates of eel!
And I will start with the most eye-catching: mackerel and horse mackerel!
And I want to eat red caviar!
Calm down, guys.
Order one by one.
Come on, let's go!
Oh!
It's this one, isn't it?
How good they look, the eels!
Enjoy!
Don't take it!
You have to wait.
That dish belongs to another customer!
In this restaurant, they warn you with an acoustic signal
when your order passes in front of you;
you'll see.
(Pip-pip)
(Pip-pip) Oh!
I got them!
My eels!
Bon appetit!
-Boníssimes! - (pip-pip)
-Oh!
It has arrived! - (pip-pip)
The red caviar!
Great!
It's so good!
-It's great, isn't it? What fun!
It's really good!
Looks like you've got the place right, the doctor.
Yes, it is...
Maybe it's sad compared to other sushi restaurants,
but it's nice for this group to have fun while eating.
I'll start with rèmol.
Eh?
Wait, Conan, I've already picked up for you!
You see?
(thinks) "All red caviar?"
I love red caviar!
Menja'n a lot!
It's going!
Ah.
But I can not eat so many at once...
- (Agasa) Great! - (Ay, thinks) "You can count."
Oooh!
I ate super good!
It wasn't finger-licking good.

-Look, they also have pudding! It's true!
Watch what you do, woodcutter! -I'm sorry.
What's that?
Look: there is a strange drawing on the other side of the plate.
Yes.
It's a code that is used to automatically throw away the plates!
"A sensor reads the code and automatically throws away the sushi
that has been circulating for too long."
"Just by looking at it you can't tell when they've prepared it,
so they don't have to waste time remembering it!"
-Coi de chiquillos!
What are you doing? -What are you doing?
You'd better not have thrown them away for cheating them
when it comes time to pay the bill.
I would never do that, sir!
Say-excuse me, this is the first time you've ever come to a revolving sushi buffet.
Yes?
It's the first time?
That means they're used to eating good sushi!
They're not like you, are they, who always eat the cheapest stuff?
Right, turbot guy?
What does it say?
Oh, sorry.
That was the sushi your wife liked, wasn't it, uncle?
Look, turbot... What don't you drink?
It's turbot...
-But it's Japanese sea bass. Please, stop it!
What's that?
Excuse me, but you're disturbing the customers.
I beg you to stop knocking like this.
Shut up!
You're the bastard who runs this sushi restaurant!
And you are no one to tell me how to behave.
One thing has nothing to do with the other.
I will crush this business.
It may not seem like it, but I am a prestigious food critic!
Depending on what you write to my article,
I can have your restaurant shut down in a week!
Like I did to the owner of that famous establishment,
who now eats on the sly in that corner!
What about you?
What's wrong with her?
What are you looking at, you fools!
Look, sir, I won't charge you for lunch today,
but... I beg you to leave.
For free?!
So I'll eat until I've had enough and then I'll go.
Wait...
Ouch... How disgusting.
This is no longer a fun meal.
-Marx, doctor? -Yes, it's worth more.
8,700 yen, please, sir.
They've gobbled it up like thieves... Well, what do you know, then.
Thank you very much, come back soon!
Doctor, torni'ns there to take, please!
When there are no unpleasant customers.
Yes.
Eeh?
Aaaaah !!!!
Eh? Eh?
S-sir, what's wrong with you?
Sir, you're not feeling well?!
Sir!
-What happened?! - Is there bad food?!
-Don't eat it!
Put the plate back! -Y-yes!
-Let's go somewhere else! -Let's go.
Don't move!
If anyone moves from where they are, not even an inch,
I'll tell the cops when they get here...
The cops, nano?
Why? "His mouth smells like almonds."
This gentleman has been poisoned with cyanide, you know?
Co-how do you say?
Come-poison?
And on top of that... he's got 3 or 4 grains of rice at his fingertips.
It's very likely that someone put the poison in the sushi!
Considering this, there was a pile of possibilities to do it!
Please, doctor, call the police and an ambulance!
In-understanding!
Sir, stop the conveyor belt right now!!!
Yes.
Stand back, please!
But, gee, Conan... you again?
Uh..,
Yeah.
I thought I had a great talent in Mouri
for attracting difficult cases, but I see it happens to you too.
I don't.... He doesn't attract anything, Mr. Policeman!
We are the Junior Detective League!
If a crime occurs, we can't be there!
They need us to be able to solve cases!
(Think) "Now they brag?"
And then?
They put the poison in the sushi like we thought?
Let's see, this, we can't know anything for sure...
until the contents of the victim's stomach are examined...
but, according to the scientific police,
the poison was right in this part of the last plate the victim took.
Surely...
Naturally, the author of the crime has touched the plate making it look like...
that he wanted to take and put the poison in it.
Just by letting it run along the belt..,
he was sure that it would reach the victim.
Yes.
Maybe when the victim picked up that plate,
the poison stayed on his fingertips...
and then picked up the sushi with the same hand.

I hope no one has moved from where they were since the time of death.
No.
The cooks haven't moved from the site either, have they?
No.
I told them to stay put when you gave the order.
We must search everyone!
If this theory is true, it's possible that the murderer has on him
a container or a handkerchief soaked with poison!
Concentrate on those who were seated in the victim's row, and also on the employees.
and also on the employees, and examine them in another room!
Yes, sir! (Think) "Exactly."
"Above all, we will have to thoroughly examine the 3 people...
who had some history with the victim."
What do you mean?
No history?
You mean we couldn't find any suspicious containers...
no poison-soaked handkerchiefs?!
No.
No one had the one we were looking for, sir!
"It's impossible!"
"No one has had a chance to leave to get rid of the poison."
"How can it be understood that no one has it on them?"
"Besides, is there really any method that would guarantee
that it is the chosen victim who takes the dish?"
"It's hard to imagine a...
"That prevents someone from picking up the plate halfway through the journey
and carrying the poison to the target."
A food critic?
You say the victim, Mr. Agatsuma, was a food critic?
Yes, he was a critic famous for his corrosive reviews,
but it turns out that the restaurants he judged to be good,
really are.
And he was very much appreciated by the readers.
And the restaurants to which he has dedicated devastating reviews
have seen their volume of customers reduced and some of them have closed.
Oh, my goodness.
That could be a motive for murder.
But the problem is how the killer did it to her
because the victim picked up the plate with the poison on it.
Well, yes.
By taking advantage of the system that this revolving sushi buffet follows,
one could get the poisoned plate to arrive
to Mr. Agatsuma,
but whether he caught it or not, that's another matter.
Let's see.
There were quite a few customers sitting in the row where the victim sat.
Maybe we'll have to search everyone scrupulously,
starting with the kitchen staff.
There won't be any.
Only 3 people could have put the poison on the plate.
Three people?
Yes, it looks like Mr. Agatsuma,
before he died from consuming the poisoned sushi,
had been fighting with the owner of the restaurant.
That man was screaming like a madman and was looking for a fight!
Yes.
He was very scary!
And he also got into a fight with another customer!
Oh...!
Because of this, the customers that the victim had in front of him,
on the other side of the tape,
got scared and were already getting ready to leave
when Mr. Agatsuma fell to the ground.
On the other hand, the customers testified...
that 5 minutes before the events happened, they had stopped taking plates.
Let me think.
In 5 minutes the dishes do a few laps.
The murderer could not have put the poison so far in advance to a plate
that Mr. Agatsuma didn't take it in the first place.
Therefore, we should be suspicious of the kitchen staff,
since you can't see what they're doing out there.
The workers told us that,
because of the commotion that Mr. Agatsuma made,
there were no plates left to take,
and that they hadn't put any new sushi plates on the conveyor belt either.
The only ones who could have put the poison after the commotion were?
the man who was to the left of the victim at the time of the incident.
The lady who was sitting to the right of the victim...
6 seats away.
She is here.
And the owner of the restaurant, who was the first one to approach the current
so the gentleman fell to the ground.
You wanted to say this, didn't you, Takagi? Eee... Yes.
Tell me, why did you include the restaurant owner in the list?
Because... just before he hit the ground,
Mr. Agatsuma was fighting with him.
Ah.
They fought next to the place where Mr. Agatsuma was sitting,
and so the two of them were very close to each other.
And all three of them had some kind of relationship with the gentleman who had died!
So, you had already had a run-in with Mr. Agatsuma before?
Yes.

I was bragging in front of my wife.
I told him the turbot was good even though it was so cheap.
Then he jumped into our conversation.
He snapped at me, "This is not turbot, it's Japanese sea bass, you piece of ass!"
And it was Japanese sea bass?
Yes, when I tasted it again, I realized.
Now I understand.
This man embarrassed him in front of his wife.
And not only that!
I don't know how she smelled it,
but he even dared to leave a comment on the forum of the blog
I have on the internet about gastronomic routes.
There he said: "This guy has no taste buds,
this blog is nonsense!"
Ah, but that doesn't mean I held a grudge against him or anything.
But you were sitting right next to Mr. Agatsuma.
He's had the opportunity to put the venom.
Maybe I was next to him, but we're talking about the left side!
The sushi was circulating from right to left, so it's impossible...
that I put the poison on the plate he wanted to take!
Right... the buffet went from right to left?
Yes, like clockwise.
Now we have stopped the tape so this boy has told us.
So, as much as I put the poison to the plate,
he still had to make a whole lap
to get to the position where Mr. Agatsuma was.
Yes... and, on top of that, Mr. Agatsuma...
had already passed that dish by,
so it seems unlikely that he would pick it up when he passed it again.
But the same can't be said for the woman sitting on his right.
Don't run so fast!
Assuming that I put the poison on the plate,
nothing assured me that that useless man would end up catching her!
Useless, you say?
As we assumed, you had some kind of relationship with Mr. Agatsuma.
Agatsuma.
Yes, I did.
I had owned a well-known sushi restaurant!
And it went belly up because of an article by that man!
It went belly up?
Because of an article by Mr.
Agatsuma?
That man...
had been a regular customer of my restaurant, but he wrote:
"The restaurant's palate has suddenly plummeted!
It would be better if they bought packaged sushi!"
Is that what he wrote?
I-I couldn't do anything.
My sushi chef had to quit because of age.....
and the well-trained chef who was supposed to take his place
suddenly refused the job!
D-don't tell me... the chef you're talking about is you?
It's true.
The boss I had at my previous job knew the lady...
and asked me to work with her, but..,
but just before I could accept I hurt my arm
and I couldn't press sushi as well as I used to,
and so I turned down the job.
How did it go wrong?
I tried to stop a fight between two customers
and I cut a muscle.
One of those customers was... Mr. Agatsuma.
That's how I know him.
That's why I gave up working as a chef.
But I ended up becoming the owner of this restaurant...
But even so, I would never think of putting poison in a dish!
Yeah, but you were also next to Mr. Agatsuma...
when he fell to the ground, weren't you?
Yes, I was next to him, but I didn't touch any of the dishes on the belt...
and that lady already said so.
Although it would have been good for me to dip the plate in poison,
how could I get the customer to take it, huh?
Well...
Because it was his favorite sushi, maybe?
He took it because it was the variety he liked the most of all!
If I were in Genta, I would take eels!
Of course I would!
If they pass me by, they don't get away from me!
Did Mr. Agatsuma have a preference?
Ee... No, not really.
Well, even if he did, it wouldn't matter...
Even if it was the victim's favorite specialty...
whether he took it or not would depend solely on his mood.
There was no way of knowing what kind of sushi he would be in the mood for.
Unless it was indiscriminate murder,
where whoever put the poison in it would care who the victim was.
Then things would change.
E-right.
You are right.
But there was some way to get
that the dish only ended up in Mr. Agatsuma's hands?
Eeee...
Sure, an order!
If the customer has placed an order, he'll take it, for sure!
An order? Yes.

If one is made by means of those screens,
the sushi is placed on a platform where it is specified as an order.
When it reaches the person who placed it, an acoustic signal sounds.
I've got it!
Mrs.
Takemura, who was on her right, could do it!
What?
No way!
Even if I got the dish from someone's order,
it would never occur to me to put poison on it!
That man was sitting next to the man with the cap,
so I couldn't know which of the two had placed the order!
Already.
And from where I was sitting, I couldn't see his touch screen,
and I couldn't tell what she had ordered!
The only thing she could see her was Mr.
Aizono,
who was standing next to her.
Hey, don't go so fast!
I told you before.
I was sitting to his left
and the sushi was running on the belt from right to left!
As much as I knew he had placed an order for sushi on the screen, he would end up getting the plate before I did,
he would end up grabbing the plate before it reached my position.
Indeed.
And, besides, I'm not the only one who could look at the screen,
the owner of the restaurant could do it too!
Ee...
Because after fighting with Mr. Agatsuma,
he stayed behind until the man fell to the ground!
Is this true? Yes.
Mr. Agatsuma was making such a fuss
that I told him I would not charge him for lunch and asked him to leave.
At that point he replied that if he could eat for free, he would leave after he had his fill,
he would leave after he had his fill.
I just looked at him from behind.
Now, as far as I could tell, Mr. Agatsuma did not place an order.
If you want to look at the restaurant's computer you can check.
Check it! Yes.
Excuse me, Inspector.
Aren't you forgetting something?
Earlier you had us all searched and you didn't find
no suspicious containers or poison-soaked handkerchiefs, am I wrong?
That's right.
So why do you still suspect us?
I'm sure the murderer must be one of the customers who have already left.
Maybe that's why they can't find the poison container.
In other words, if we don't catch the perpetrator of the crime,
we will never know how Mr. Agatsuma could have attacked exclusively.
"No, it is likely that the murderer is one of these three people."
"First, we have Mr. Osamu Aizono,
who was sitting to the left of Mr. Agatsuma."
"Mr. Aizono could tell what kind of sushi the victim was ordering
with the touch screen."
"But seeing that the sushi circulated from right to left," he said,
"Mr. Agatsuma would pick up the plate before
he could put the poison on it."
"Sakiko Takemura,
"who was sitting to Agatsuma's right with us in the middle,
"She could put the poison on the plate,
but from her position she couldn't see the touch screen."
"Mr. Danja Namiki, who was standing behind Mr. Agatsuma,
could see the touch screen."
"However, he did not move from where he was,
so it was impossible for him to touch the sushi plate."
"Who the hell is he, the killer?"
"And how the hell has he handled it.
"To get that plate of poisoned sushi
only to get into the hands of Mr. Agatsuma?"
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
And we can't eat that sushi?
It looks so good!
(Think) "Now I get it!"
"This setup could only be done with sushi!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'The mystery of the revolving sushi buffet (part two)'."

