(Shinichi voice) "We went out with Dr. Agasa,
who wanted to invite us to a sushi restaurant,
but he chose a rotating breakfast."
"At first, at Genta and Co. have balked,
but, dazzled by the attractiveness of the revolving buffet,
they've gorged themselves on their favorite specialties."
"But Mr. Agatsuma, a customer who was seated near us,
has taken to throwing stabs at other customers
and has also started picking fights with the restaurant owner."
"Upset with what was going on, we were just leaving, but then....
Mr. Agatsuma felt unwell and fell to the ground."
"Her mouth smelled like almonds. She was murdered by poisoning them himself."
"The suspects are the three people
who seem to have had some relationship with the victim."
"The Osamu Aizono, who had trouble with Mr. Agatsuma...
at this very restaurant."
"Sakiko Takemura, who had to close her business...
because of a food critic's article."
"And in Danja Namiki, the restaurant owner and former sushi chef,
who took a bad arm in a fight provoked by Mr.
Agatsuma."
"However, the result of the searches has been negative....
and none of the three of them had hidden poison."
"How was it possible to make the poison disappear?"
"And how did they manage to ensure that the poisoned sushi plate...
only reach the hands of the victim?"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at suspense time!"
"A crime occurs at the sushi buffet."
"The Junior Detective League must intervene."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
(Conan voice) "The mystery of the revolving sushi buffet. Part two."
But was there any way to get.....
that the plate would only end up in Mr. Agatsuma's hands?
Of course there was, an order!
If the customer has placed an order he will take it, for sure.
An order? Yes.
If one is placed through those screens,
the sushi is placed on a platform
where it is specified as an order.
When it reaches the person who placed it, an acoustic signal sounds.
I've got it!
Mrs. Takemura, who was on your right, could do it!
What a ?
No way!
Even if I got the dish from someone's order,
I would never think of putting poison on it!
That man had the man with the cap sitting next to him,
so I couldn't know which of the two had placed the order.
I know...
And from where I was sitting I couldn't see his touch screen,
and I couldn't tell what she had ordered either.
The only thing I could see her was Mr. Aizono,
who was sitting next to her.
Hey, don't go so fast!
I told you before.
I was sitting to her left
and the sushi was running on the belt from right to left.
As much as I knew
Mr. Agatsuma had placed an order for sushi on the screen,
he would end up grabbing the plate before it reached my position.
Indeed.
And besides, I'm not the only one who could look at the screen,
the owner of the restaurant could do it too!
Because after fighting with Mr. Agatsuma,
he stayed behind until the man fell to the ground.
Is this true? Yes.
Mr. Agatsuma was making such a fuss that I told him not to charge him.
that I told him I would not charge him for lunch and asked him to leave.
At that point he replied that if he could eat for free, he would leave after he had his fill,
he would leave after he had his fill.
I just looked at him from behind.

Now, from what I have seen, Mr. Agatsuma has not placed an order.
If you want to look at the restaurant's computer you can check.
Check it! Yes.
Excuse me, Inspector, aren't you forgetting something?
Earlier you had us all searched
and found no suspicious containers
or handkerchiefs soaked with poison, am I wrong?
That's right.
So why do you still suspect us?
I'm sure the murderer must be one of the customers who have already left.
Maybe that's why they can't find the poison container.
That is to say that if we do not catch the perpetrator of the crime we will never be able to know
how Mr. Agatsuma could have attacked exclusively.
- (woman) What is it?
- (unintelligible conversations)
Inspector, I checked the restaurant's computer...
and it turns out that the victim has not placed an order.
Hm...
The left? The left?
I think this gentleman who died was left-handed.
Because on the fingertips of his left hand.
I saw that he had three or four grains of rice.
Hey, now that you mention it,
I noticed that that man ate with his left hand!
Yes, that's true!
He picked up the sushi with his left hand!
-I saw it too! -Now I understand.
If he was left-handed...
You mean that if the killer only dipped the left side of the plates
the left side of the plates,
he could make the dead man the only one to touch the poison.
Exacte.
Molt bien.
Have them examine all the plates on the conveyor belt
and check if there are any other poisoned plates.
Yes!
Forensics, check, please.
(Forensics) Yes.
(Think) "But... this fits the facts pretty well?"
"It could be that the killer,
having ascertained that everyone sitting in this row was right-handed.
drawn from the Agatsuma, decided to put the poison on the plates."
"But what if another left-handed customer suddenly arrived?"
"Besides, even if they're not left-handed,
children pick up dishes with both hands quite often."
"And where did the poison go to begin with?"
"If we don't have a single utensil that contains poison
or any cloth that's soaked, this murder..."
Hm?
"There's something on the side of the victim's teacup."
"The fragment of a plastic baggie? Eh?"
"I'd swear it is..."
(Conan voice) You haven't found it? No.
There were quite a number of plates circulating
at the same time as Mr. Agatsuma's poisoned dish,
but his was the only one that...
There were no other dishes with poison on them? Not a single one.
This means that the victim took
the only poisoned dish in the buffet,
as if he was under some kind of hypnosis.
Couldn't it be that a message had been passed to him on that plate?
Such as, "This is a gift for you."
I would never pick up a plate like that, it would scare me.
-And a card either, WOMAN. You mean?
If I had put a card,
the Agatsuma would have it on him, they would have found him.
This is of no importance.
I'm very hungry.
But we just ate!
And we can't eat that sushi?
It looks so good!
What are you doing?
Of course not, man!
Oh, please, they'll throw it away anyway.
It would be a shame.
(thinks) "I've got it!"
"There was that way!"
Of it, ay, can you lend me your handkerchief?
I want to clean the glasses.
Take a wet wipe from the restaurant.
You have them at the entrance itself.
"Just a moment! This is..."
"Now I get it: this setup could only be done with sushi!"
"So now I know who the murderer is."
"He has poisoned Mr. Agatsuma
and has devised a way to make the evidence disappear."
"It's a very clever set-up
that takes advantage of the peculiarities of the system that is used
the rotating sushi buffets."
Excuse me, inspector.
Even though they suspect all of us?
I understand that they doubt us
because the three of us resented him,
but if the only poisoned dish is the one he's taken,
it's impossible to target him exclusively, don't you think?
Maybe so, but...
it is evident that you have had many opportunities
to put the poison in the dish.
Then start giving us explanations!
Tell us in what way it has been possible to do it.

that that man was the only one who picked up the poisoned plate!
Or no, wait, now they will tell us that we are a group of ruthless killers....
that we were out to murder someone indiscriminately!
-Is that what you mean?
-No... we don't think...
Besides, we didn't carry any object...
where we could have transported the poison to be able to impregnate.
If we were the assassins, we would certainly carry some.
From the time that man fell to the ground
until the police came and had us searched,
none of us moved from where we were.
I told you before:
I believe that his murderer must have been a customer of the restaurant
who has been gone for quite a while.
So it would be understandable that in the restaurant
no containers of poison were found in the restaurant.
At this point in time, the only one that makes any sense...
is that someone put the poison in the dish to commit an indiscriminate crime...
and that Mr. Agatsuma has had the misfortune
to be the one who picked up the dish.
Look, I... (Agasa) Well, that's bad luck.
(He thinks) "It's coming back with my voice."
(Agasa's voice) But I am not talking about the man who has been murdered today,
but of the murderer who smiles before me
because he thinks that everything has gone well for him.
Now both the method he has used to put the poison on the plate and the poison in the dish will be exposed.
to put the poison in Mr. Agatsuma's dish will now be exposed
as well as his set-up to remove the poison container.
And I will prove it with a turkey deduction,
because I just happened to be here.
You mean the murderer is from a them as we thought?
Well, yes, as you inspectors suspected,
the murderer is one of those who resented Mr. Agatsuma.
Just a moment.
But what's going on?
Who gave him permission to get involved in this?
Just because you're a big man doesn't give you the right to be an arrogant
who pretends to be a detective!
About it... I...
(Thinks) "What's that got to do with it, that he's a big man?"
That he has seen us, maybe?
Did you see how we dipped the dish of that man who died in poison?
-No, madam, I didn't see you.
Did you see it?
But it's natural that I didn't see it.
So that the person who put the poison on the dish
was Agatsuma himself.
What?!
(Shinichi voice) Doctor, speak with conviction, like a detective.
But, Mr. Agasa, if the person who put the poison...
was the person who died, wouldn't we be talking about a suicide?
No, what I am trying to explain to you is that the poison did not come from the dish,
but that it has been impregnated in his hands
with something else that he had touched before.
This explains that only poison was found on his plate.
Something else?
What are you talking about?
Tell us, please. (Conan's voice) Guys, listen...
At the revolving sushi buffets, what do you touch with your hand...
before you pick up the plates you want to eat...
when they pass in front of you?
Let me think... First you pick up the chopsticks to eat...
-You drink the tea they serve you... You put the soy sauce on the plate...
Something that is not only touched before you take the first dish,
you also touch it after you've eaten a few dishes.
Genta, you've touched it too.
Have you?
Me too?
Conan, we have examined everything in Mr. Agatsuma's place,
but we didn't find anything impregnated with poison.
Even if he touched something before taking the plate...
Look at it: what's where he sat in Mitsuhiko...
that is not where she was in Genta?
- (thinks) "This one doesn't listen..." - Let's see...
Ah!
The chopsticks to eat!
On the seat of the default Genta!
Normal, because he always picks up the sushi with his fingers.
Warning, that's what my father told me!
A man of the capital always takes the sushi with his fingers.
So, if you have eaten it with your fingers,
surely there's something you wanted to touch, right?
Something you wanted to touch?
I licked my fingers.
Of it... after licking your fingers.
-Let's see, after licking my... -I'm following you now.
I know what it is.
You're talking about the wipes.
When you touch the fish and the pulsed rice directly with your fingers,
it's better to wipe off the fish oil, water and rice vinegar,
which is so sticky, before picking up the next dish.
So the poison has been put to the wipes, right?
Yes.

Isn't that right, doctor? Uh, yes...
But in the place where Mr. Agatsuma was sitting
there were no wipes.
(Agasa voice) But there is evidence that there had been.
(Agasa voice) This here? Yes.
It's a fragment of the little plastic baggie
where they sell the wet wipes
that one can take for free at the entrance of the restaurant.
Is that what it was?
Most likely the perpetrator of this murder had introduced the poison
inside the plastic bag of the wipes
with a syringe, for example.
Now I understand!
After touching that poisoned wipe, he picked up the plate,
he picked up the sushi directly with his fingers.
and when he ate it, he died, of course!
That's how you can understand that there is only poison on one plate!
Yes.
That's right.
I'm not convinced.
Mr. Agatsuma had a hearty meal before he was poisoned.
It doesn't make sense that he didn't use that poisoned wipe at any time.
that poisoned wipe.
It must have been changed mid-meal.
Probably when the victim was fighting with the restaurant owner.
But listen, if someone were to reach out...
to touch the wipe that you use,
that would be a bit much, wouldn't it?
I'm sure he would have called out, "What the fuck are you doing?"
And what if the killer knew that Mr. Agatsuma...
used to leave the wipe next to him?
Think about it.
But man, everyone leaves their stuff where they please.
Not in this case.
Mr. Agatsuma was left-handed.
And if he used the towelette every time he picked up sushi,
he'd normally leave it on his left.
Yes, to the left of where Mr. Agatsuma was sitting...
was Mr. Aizono.
It was next to where you were.
If you placed the poisoned wet wipe first...
right next to Mr. Agatsuma's
as if it was the one you were using,
you could interchange them without any effort.
But... But what are you saying now?
If I really did it, where did it end up?
How did I make the poisoned wipe disappear?
Inspector, who had it on me when you searched me?
No, you didn't.
We searched you thoroughly, but we didn't find anything like it.
Did you see it?
If you insist on accusing me of committing the murder,
you'll first have to explain how I made the wipe disappear.
No way!
It was made to disappear because of you.
Because this rotating sushi buffet
automatically gets rid of certain things every X amount of time.
Of course it does!
This rotating buffet automatically disposes of sushi that has been
sushi that has been in circulation for too long!
You have taken advantage of this system, haven't you?
(Agasa voice) Yes, he probably did....
when all eyes were on Mr. Agatsuma,
who had fallen to the ground from the effects of the poison.
If he took the wipe
that the victim had used at the beginning and also the poisoned one,
he would put them in the plastic bag and leave them on a plate,
the whiteness of the wipes
the whiteness of the wipes would make it difficult to differentiate them from the pulsed sushi rice.
Indeed, if you have returned the plate on the conveyor belt,
it is possible that he could get rid of the evidence,
but considering that it's rude to turn a plate over,
it would have attracted attention and someone would remember.
How do you want someone to remember?
Everyone has turned them back!
What?
Everybody? They said it was food poisoning.
-That they didn't eat anything else! They all turned the plate back!
Everyone did the same thing, so no one dared to confess.
But the conveyor belt of this row,
the immediate stop, right?
Well, in fact, when a few minutes ago the Agatsuma had fallen to the ground.
It seems absurd to think that one can get rid of something like that in such a short time, don't you find?
in such a short time, don't you think?
Indeed, if it were a plate that had just been picked up, it would take a long time to get rid of it,
it would take quite a long time to get rid of it.
But if it becomes the first dish you have taken as soon as you enter the restaurant
just after entering the restaurant, well...
The sensor that reads this symbol interprets, erroneously,
that this dish had been left on the conveyor belt a long time ago.
and then it pulls it right away.
Where do they keep the sushi they throw away? In some garbage cans.
Let them examine those garbage cans!
You must find the poisoned towelette in a plastic bag.
Yes, sir!

Mr. Aizono, if we find your fingerprints on the plastic baggie,
it will be irrefutable proof.
Oh...
If it turns out that you are the murderer,
the motive is, as we assumed, the fight you had in the past...
with Mr. Agatsuma at this restaurant.
Yes.
He remarked that he had mistaken the Japanese sea bass for the turbot
in front of his wife.
Yes.
He had a cold and a poor palate.
But I'm not surprised by the confusion either: that Japanese sea bass sushi,
had been replaced by the much more expensive turbot,
just before my arrival.
-What?
They changed the dish? -That damn Agatsuma did it!
He wanted to humiliate me when I played the connoisseur in front of my wife.
He took a plate of turbot and a plate of Japanese sea bass
and swapped them.
Then he also dared to leave malicious comments on my blog's
in the forum of my blog about gastronomic routes.
My wife told me not to make a big deal out of it....
But I could not forgive him!
It's intolerable that a person with such a rotten heart
to talk about food as a food critic!
Are you saying that you have poisoned her for this reason?
Yes.
After that day, no matter what I ate, nothing tasted good to me.
Also because in the end my wife and I got divorced.
I just love to eat
and I loved madly to see her eating
joyfully enjoying meals at the restaurants I recommended.
And that man ruined it....
But, hey, you know what?
You have just soiled what you loved to eat so much
with a poison...
called murder,
that can't be removed with anything.
(Shinichi voice) "Shortly after,
the plastic bag with the wipes was found in the trash
and the case was solved."
"I guess the sushi that was left standing around
started circulating again shortly."
"But that was too much for me."
"Now the rotating sushi buffets remind me of it.
and make me feel bad."
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
(Shinichi voice) "Well, I thought I'd never go back....
to a revolving sushi buffet, but..."
How nice!
We can come back to this restaurant!
-Yes! -We are superenganxats!
(Genta) Two more eels, please!
"Sushi is a culinary culture born in Japan
that can be bragged about all over the world."
"As a Japanese, I can't help but eat."
They will open a new sushi restaurant in front of the station.
-A revolving breakfast.
-Yes?
Really?
Fantastic, we'll get the doctor to take us there, eh, yeah?
-Yes! -Yes!
What a great idea! -Let's go!
Let's go!
-It's 12,500 yen, please.
-What?
Excuse me, but there must be some mistake here...
The ice cream cup with fruit was great!
And so was my French flan.
I ate all the desserts they had and they were all delicious.
Do they also have parfaits and flans?
Yes, but they are a bit more expensive than sushi, sir.
That's right!
I had a good idea.
What do you say we make Saturday sushi day?
-That would be great! -I agree.
That's great!
On Saturdays, we'll go on a tour of sushi restaurants.
- (all three) Yes!
-Let's go!
(thinks) "I'll get dizzy right here..."
"Because you're a cheapskate of a guy."
"The Kojima National Contest?"
"Genta's father is one of the finalists. Therefore, it's suspicious!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Suspect: Genta's father. Part One'."

