(Ayumi) The Japan National Kojima Contest?
Are you serious?
Your father will participate in the contest?
That's right.
He's been officially notified that he passed the "punishment" tests.
-The "punishment" tests? - But what is this?
(Haibara) He means the casting tests.
The casting officials study the photos
and the curriculum of the applicants, and they choose the best ones.
The father was very clear about it,
from the beginning he was convinced that he would be chosen.
(He thinks) "I don't know him, but he looks like a show-off to me."
Hey, if he wins the contest, what prize will he get?
In the letter they sent him,
they tell him that the winner gets a lot of money.
Let's see... I think it was a number 1... and then 7 zeros.
A 1 and 7 zeros... Eh?
That's 10 million yen!
-Hey, lucky you! -And that, who organized it? -What do you mean, who organized it?
What do you mean, who organized it?
The letter: I want to know who sent it to your father.
Ah, yes!
I think it said Nichiuri Television.
But... more than the money, the father, what makes him excited...
is the scroll of a boar that comes with the prize.
If it says Nichiuri Television on the letter,
then I don't think it's a scam.
The prize is a lot of money.
What is it, this scroll, a picture of a wild boar?
Yes, to the letter there was a picture of the prize.
It was a black and white drawing, and it didn't look like much to me,
but the father has always liked wild boars.
and he says that, if he wins, it will make him very happy to hang it in his room.
The artist's name is "thank you", which is a very un-Japanese sounding name.
"Thank you?"
Genta, I think the prize is the scroll,
and the money are an add-on.
(All) Eh?
The 10 million is an add-on?
"Love is magic and it triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense."
"An unexpected tragedy where everything accuses Genta's father."
"Who is it, the murderer? The truth always comes out in the end."
He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"Suspect: Genta's father (part one)"
(Mitsuhiko) What?
What's worth 50 million yen?
This hanging scroll?
That's right, if I understand correctly, the prize scroll is the work...
of a very famous artist called Shonin Sankyu.
I've heard of this drawing before.
-Me too.
That's-that's just what the father said.
Yes, it's the Haya boar.
It comes out in the Hanafuda playing cards.
Oh...
Hey, if it's a drawing of a card game, why is it so valuable?
Ah.
When this hanging scroll was discovered,
everyone said it was a joke from Sankyu and that it was worthless.
But later on,
when the deer and butterfly scrolls were found,
the value of the whole thing skyrocketed.
People believed
that the boar, deer and butterfly brought good luck.
Eeeeh?
Some time ago I read
that a businessman had spent his entire capital
to buy them all 3.
Shortly thereafter, this man became a millionaire, and since then,
the value of the scrolls hasn't stopped increasing.
It is true, this drawing makes people happy.
But if the prize is one of the 3 scrolls,
this means that the other two scrolls will no longer be yours.
No, if he didn't have them, it would have been in the news,
I'm sure he still has them.
Now I don't remember what his name was, this businessman.
(Agasa) Gonsaku Kojima.
Eh?
He's the president of the Kojima Group.
He has organized the contest to find the most skilled Kojima in the country.
The president of the Kojima Group, the same people who own railroads,

shopping malls and much more?
Exactly.
He seems to have lost two of the scrolls,
and now you can't keep the third.
That's what the bylaws of his group of companies say,
and so he's organized a contest
contest where the winner will get the boar scroll.
The condition is that participants must say Kojima.
Ah...
You are lucky to call yourself Kojima.
Did the letter inviting your father to participate reach you at home?
No, the father got it from another Kojima who lives in our neighborhood.
It seems he had seen it on the internet,
and encouraged the father to enter the contest.
By the way, do you know what you have to do to win this prize?
Yes, there are many things.
There are some physical tests, a singing contest,
and there is also a contest to write ideograms.
Ah!
They want to choose the most prepared and well-rounded Kojima in the country.
-Well, this is going to be difficult.
En- Not so much, the father sings very well.
The father sings much better than in Conan.
Sorry, that doesn't have much merit.
Are you sure he'll come out, your father?
There's nothing for sure. (thinks) "No."
Then, whoever gets the best score in the 3 sections,
will win the contest and take the prize?
No, there is still another test.
Those who qualify for the final test,
will have to go to this set
and they will be asked to answer a series of questions in front of the audience.
Whoever gets the most questions right wins.
All right, they'll all move 5.
"It will be a question and answer test."
No way.
That's outrageous.
It was impossible.
These must be Mr. and Mrs. Kojima who are doing the quizzes for the contest.
- (Agasa) Hello!
How did it go, the test? -How did it go?
It went terribly.
It's to see how many push-ups we can do in 3 minutes.
I tried my best and did 180,
but it didn't do me any good and I was eliminated.
Seriously, whoever passes this test is a superman.
Ah... Don't suffer, Genta.
Your father will do just fine.
Ah... yes.
Ah... The father is very strong.
- (man) No way!
What a mess...- See.
These must be another group of contestants.
I sing well, I thought I would pass this test.
Calm down, don't get depressed,
think that this one has won many singing competitions
and here it hasn't helped him at all.
Come on, man, don't cry.
Here, to win, you must be as strong as Bruce Lee...
and sing better than the king of rock and roll.
In Bruce Lee, the one in the kungfu movies?
As strong as Bruce Lee,
and you have to sing as good as the king of rock and roll,
named Elvis Presley.
It... will it come out, your father?
It seems very difficult.
No... I don't think so.
-I don't think so. -No!
Why not?
It can't be! -Please calm down!
(Think) "Another group of contestants."
I don't understand what happened!
I got the highest score in the written test,
how could I have failed the dictation?!
I thought I was perfect.
You must have made a mistake.
What about you, didn't you make a mistake?
Do you know how to draw the characters for "rose" and "melancholy"?
Well...
Hey.
What do you think, Genta?
-I don't think I'll win. -(mobile)
- (mobile) -The mobile.
(Mobile)
Wow, it's the father!
Eh, hello, father.
Yes, it's Genta.
(Mobile) What?
Are you for real?
You're among the 3 finalists?
-Are you a finalist? -Yay! -Yay!
Father, we've all come to encourage you!
Come on, you'll do great!
(Think) "I don't understand."
"For the question and answer test, there are 5 places,
and only 3 finalists have been selected."
They say the quizzes are super difficult.
I am proud.
(Man) Mr. Kojima.
The producer of the TV show has come to complain.
He says the contest has no head or tail.
Nothing's wrong.
By the way, have you shown them yet, the 3 finalists?
I want to know if you've shown them the paper we prepared earlier.
Oh, yes, I have.
It's strange, because all 3 have given different answers.
It doesn't matter.
I want you to tell me what they answered.
The contestant... number 35, in Bunta Kojima,
has answered "801".
Number 84, in Genji Kojima, has answered "108".
And number 147, on Gankichi Kojima, said "beautiful thing".
-Mr. President...? - I did it: he gave it away.

Have you... given away?
My investment has paid off.
-You still have it, the paper? -Huh?
Ah... so much.
-In this envelope. -Give it to me.
I'll take it from here.
Very well, you can go.
But... but Mr. President...
I'm off to the waiting room to personally deliver the good news
to the lucky winner of Japan's National Kojima Contest.
(Voices murmur)
It can't be long now.
I'm looking forward to seeing the father on stage.
Ha!
Look, he's coming out!
No.
I think he's a network worker.
You're right.
We regret to inform you
that the Japan National Kojima Competition
has been cancelled... due to force majeure.
What?
What does this mean?
It can't be!
Force majeure reasons?
I do not understand.
(thinks) "Oh. The stain on the sleeve."
"Looks like blood." Ladies and Gentlemen.
Calm down, please.
I'm going to see what's going on.
Where are you going, Conan?
Wait for me here!
Mr... Mr. Kojima!
-Hey! -Hey!
Did someone call an ambulance? -Yes, I did.
It'll only take 10 minutes.
What happened to him?
It looks like she tripped and fell down the stairs.
Did you see her fall? No.
We heard a loud noise and a scream and came to see what it was,
and we saw Mr. Kojima lying on the floor.
If I were you, I'd call the police.
The police?
Look at Mr. Kojima's right hand.
He grips a piece of paper very tightly.
When someone trips and falls down the stairs,
instinct makes him open his hands and let go of what he's holding.
Before falling, Mr. Kojima...
has torn this paper from the person next to him.
Or he wrestled with someone over this piece of paper
and fell down the stairs.
Yes, that makes sense.
Where is the man who announced that the contest was cancelled?
He had a bloodstain on his sleeve.
He came with us and tried to lift Mr. Kojima.
I guess that's why he got blood on his sleeve.
What's obvious is that when he fell down the stairs
he was with someone else.
But when they came to help him,
the person and the rest of the paper had disappeared.
The most logical conclusion is that someone made him fall and then escaped.
and then escaped.
Hey, who are you? Well...
This means that the murderer must be one of the 3 finalists of the contest.
The president said:
"I'm going to the waiting room
to give the good news to the lucky winner".
The program team and I are left waiting in another room.
(Thinking) "Gee, no! One of the three finalists is.... No way!"
Let's see, guys.
Can you tell me what's going on here?
What the fuck is going on here?
That's enough, isn't it?
Let us do the last test at once!
I'm sick of waiting too.
"Oh, my God! Genta's father... is one of the finalists."
"And therefore, he's a suspect."
"But what will it be, out of these 3? Who is it, Genta's father?"
(Takagi) The victim was in Gonsaku Kojima, 71,
owner of the Kojima Group.
He was here today to act as jury president
in a special TV program.
Mm?
Jury foreman? Yes.
Of the Japan National Kojima Competition,
a competition for men with this surname
that he had organized himself.
The winner would have won a very valuable work of art as a prize.
Yes, but all indications are that it was an accident,
and the victim tripped and fell down the stairs.
As I see it, this case does not fall under our jurisdiction.
Maybe it's not.
Why did you call us?
You asked for me directly, didn't you?
Why did you call me?
-For paper. -Paper?
When my colleagues and I came in, we saw that you were bleeding from a head wound,
we saw that you were bleeding from a head wound,
and we were surprised to see that you were holding a piece of paper tightly.
A person falling down the stairs,
do you think he clings to a piece of paper?
No, they don't.
This gives us two options:
when he fell, there was a person next to him,
and Mr. Kojima wanted to grab a piece of paper.
Or maybe he struggled with someone over this piece of paper
and in the end he fell down the stairs.
When we found Mr. Kojima lying on the ground,
we didn't see anyone else.
But it is possible that he was with someone

that he would have escaped with the rest of the paper
when he has fallen down the stairs.
This implies that it could be a murder.
I congratulate you on your deductions,
and for calling the police so quickly.
It wasn't... us, it was that boy,
who told us to call Inspector Takagi..,
from the Metropolitan Police Station.
Really, you don't know?
You are Mr. Kojima's secretary, right?
Yes, but Mr. President told me not to look.
What?
At Conan? Eh?
(Thinking) "This is very suspicious..."
You can believe me, I assure you I don't know what was on that piece of paper,
on that piece of paper.
It didn't even occur to me to take it out of the envelope.
You mean the paper that Mr. Kojima was holding in his hand?
That's right.
This is it.
It's a handmade paper
that Mr. President uses for special occasions.
I know because I noticed it was this kind of paper
when he put it in the envelope.
But, in fact, I only had it with me for a little while,
because just before I went to proclaim the winner,
the president asked me to give him back the envelope with the paper,
and he kept it.
The victim had an empty American-style envelope,
I think he's telling the truth.
But why did you have it, this envelope?
So that he had to show it to all 3.
-To what 3?
-To 3 finalists of the Kojima contest in Japan.
Those 3 men over there. The Kojima contest in Japan...
(Takagi) Tell me, how were they selected?
First there was a call on the internet,
to gather candidates whose last name was Kojima,
and, from all the applications, they chose 200.
The first test was to do a specific number of push-ups in 3 minutes.
Then they had to sing a few songs,
and they did a test of writing ideograms
to measure their intelligence.
I get it.
These 3 men are smart,
they're physically fit, and they sing very well.
Yes.
Sort of.
"Sort of?"
And when he gave them the paper with the envelope,
what exactly were the finalists supposed to do?
The president... wanted them to read... some ideograms,
and I wrote down what they said.
But they all gave very different answers.
Very different?
What do you think he put, on the paper, some kind of code?
No, because all 3 answered immediately,
this means that it couldn't have been very difficult.
Contestant number 35, Mr. Bunta Kojima, said "801".
Number 84, Mr. Genji Kojima, said "108".
And number 147, Mr. Dankichi Kojima,
answered "precious thing".
All 3 have answered very different things.
Are you sure you showed them the same sheet of paper?
Yes, without a doubt.
When I communicated the answer to Mr. President,
he said something very strange.
I got it: he gave it away.
Eh? "He gave himself away"?
Then, he asked me to return the envelope with the sheet of paper...
and he told me that he wanted to go himself in the waiting room..,
to give the news to the winner of the contest.
So he chose the winner
when he felt the answers of the finalists.
Exactly.
What he said before, that someone had given himself away,
doesn't it seem strange to you?
And didn't you also find what he said strange?
Yes, but he asked me to leave...
and then I went to the room where the staff of the network was.
And we heard his scream and a loud noise.
(Chiba) Inspector Megure! (Chiba) Huh?
Ah, hello, Chiba.
The contest participants have given me a very interesting piece of information.
The stairs lead to the floor
where the contest finalists' waiting rooms are located.
When Kojima fell down the stairs,
the only people upstairs were these 3 men.
And all 3 were in the same waiting room?
No, each one was in a different waiting room.
But, also, today they are checking the elevators.
The only way down from this floor is down the stairs.
When the workers found the body, there was no one with him.
The murder hypothesis is starting to gain more strength.
It is likely that one of the finishers pushed her down the stairs,
and then returned to her waiting room
as if nothing had happened.

Takagi, we will now question them one at a time.
Yes, sir. (Flow) Pst, ei, Takagi!
When you interrogate the finalists,
I want you to ask them the questions I will tell you.
What a novelty!
In general, you always get up the nerve to question them yourself.
Yes, but it turns out... What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Genta's father is one of the 3 finalists?
Which one of the 3?
I don't know, I don't know him.
But maybe he knows me
from some photo where I'm with his son.
Then I will ask them directly.
I'll talk to the inspector and we'll take him off the suspect list.
Don't do it!
Sherlock Holmes said:
"If we allow ourselves to be carried away by feelings,
our deductions will lead us away from the truth."
Just because he is Genta's father
does not automatically make him innocent.
If you want to get to the bottom of it,
you'd better not ask them who they are.
Please, will you ask them the questions I want you to ask them?
Yes.
I suspect that these three men
should not be the finalists.
Eh?
(Ayuumi) How come it's taking so long, Conan?
-I don't know. Maybe something happened to him.
I heard ambulances and police cars.
You're right, we'd better go see if he's had any problems.
-Okay! -Yeah, okay. -Yeah, okay. -Yeah, okay.
-Come on, let's go! - (Haibara) Stop.
Conan told us to wait for her here, didn't he tell us that?
It's true, but...
If a murder has been committed,
Genta's father could be one of the suspects...
and it's likely that she's being investigated.
That's right!
If Conan had good news about this case,
he would have contacted us by now
to tell us not to worry.
Since he hasn't,
I'm afraid that Genta's father is not one of the suspects.
I think Genta's father has a problem.
Is he?
(Thinking) "Father..."
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
The Hyakki Yako?
That gang of thieves and murderers?
-I can't take it anymore!
I'm going to see what's going on! -People, where are you going?
Don't miss the next episode!
"Suspect: Genta's father (part two)"

