(Shinichi Voice) "The Japan National Kojima Contest....
Is a program to be broadcast on Nichiuri Television."
"The contestants are all called Kojima by last name,
and the winner will win 10 million yen."
"But the most important prize is a scroll of a wild boar," he said,
"which was part of the triptych of a famous master.
'The Boar, the Deer and the Butterfly'."
"Genta's father has passed the selection tests...
and is one of the participants."
"To move on to the finals, the contestants must do 3 tests:
push-ups, a singing contest and a writing exercise."
"Everyone says the judges are excessively harsh."
"Most of the contestants fall eliminated....
and only 3 make it to the finals."
"Surprisingly, Genta's father is one of the 3 finalists."
"The man who organized this contest is in Gonsaku Kojima,
the president of the Kojima Group."
"Just before the final test, someone pushes her down the stairs and kills him."
"The only people who have been able to go up or down the stairs
are the 3 finalists of the contest."
"Exactly: Genta's father is one of the suspects."
"But, of these 3 men, which one is Genta's father?"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"It connects with Conan when it comes to suspense."
"Genta's father lets loose and the mystery is solved."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"Suspect: Genta's father. (Second part)"
(Male) I was sitting in the waiting room, so quiet.
Suddenly I felt someone knocking on another door.
Then I heard a very loud noise and a scream,
and I went out to see what it was.
Then I saw that gentleman lying on the floor
at the bottom of the stairs, and that was it.
And when you heard that noise and the scream, did you go out immediately?
No, I waited for a while.
I thought that maybe it was some kind of test for the contest.
Tell me, is it true that the paper said "801"?
Yes, exactly that.
By the way, can you tell us how many push-ups you were able to do...
in the 3-minute test?
Mm? Ha-ha!
-I think I did about 100. -Ah, that means...
Ah, that means...
you also felt a knock on another door,
and when you heard a very loud noise and a scream,
you went out to see what was going on, is that right?
Yes.
The truth is that everything gave me a bad feeling,
and when I opened the door I saw that the other two also came out.
Please repeat what I had written on that paper.
There it said "108".
(Think) "801" and "108"... At least the numbers match.
By the way, what song did you sing before?
The samurai song.
If you want, I'll sing it for you.
No, no need, thank you! Yes, please!
Eh ?!
(Man) Yes, like the other two.
I heard a loud noise and a scream and I went out to see what it was.
And then I saw Mr. Kojima, lying on the floor,
at the bottom of the stairs.
Very good, then.
And you confirm that the paper you were given...
said "something beautiful" on it?
Yes.
In the sense of something very valuable.
I-I have another question.
Do you know how to write the ideogram for "rose"?
Eh?!
The one for "rose"?
No, it's too complicated for me.
Takagi, may I know what you're doing?
It turns out...
You asked him because he asked you in Conan?
Yes, sir.
He told me that if I asked them these questions,
it would help him to find out the real purpose of the contest.
Hello, Takagi.
How did it go? Ah, well...
Everyone did about 100 push-ups,

They sing more or less like the inspector and they don't know how to do the ideogram of "rose".
Hey, Takagi, I don't sing that badly.
And on top of that, there's one who got the lyrics wrong.
It's true.
That he made a mistake?
Yes.
Country of the sun nai-xee-eent,
co-ooor de sa-mu-rayo.
And he sang: # "Country of the sun nose-quee-eent, coo..." #
You see?
Conan, just in case, I've recorded the interrogations of the 3 finalists.
Do you feel them flying? Mm-hm.
Yeah, but what good did they do, these questions?
We know the goal wasn't to pick the best prepared contestant.
Don't we? You're right, you're right.
Explain to us what that means.
In theory, the goal of the contest was to choose the best-prepared Kojima
from all over Japan.
But when we took the results of the push-up test
to the contest organizer...
We have already chosen the ones who have moved on to the next stage.
They are these 58 men.
-That's what he said. -Oh!
Before you look at the results? Yes, sir.
And you didn't look at them either
when we took him to the results of the writing test.
But the videotape where we have recorded the contestants
while they were taking the tests,
he looked at it very carefully.
And the songs? The songs?
He seems to have listened very carefully to each contestant's voice.
MHM?
And the finalists, did he choose them?
Yes, Mr. Kojima had planned it down to the last detail.
He even prepared some bags with the number of each contestant
and a pair of sneakers.
But on what basis did he choose these 3 finalists?
Inspector Megure!
In Mr. Kojima's briefcase we found a gun!
In his... briefcase ?!
There was also a sheet of paper.
A sheet of paper?
Yes.
Look, it's very badly written.
"We'll take two, but there are three."
"We'll come back for the most precious thing. Be advised."
"The Hyakki Yako."
The Hyakki Yako, that gang of thieves and murderers?
Yes, yes, it's true.
Mr. Kojima wrote in his diary
that he had lost the scrolls of the deer and the butterfly,
and that he only had the boar scroll left.
But, in fact, thieves had robbed them 6 months ago.
The boar parchment could not be taken away
because they had taken it to be restored.
Did the thieves kill anyone during the robbery?
No.
Mr. Kojima, his wife and the servants,
were put to sleep with some kind of drug.
But the family dog, in Gonta, had its throat cut with a knife.
But we know it was done by the gang leader.
It seems that Mr. Kojima had not yet lost consciousness
and felt the words the robber chief said before he left.
"I spare your life because we have the same last name.
After all, maybe we are distant relatives."
And you didn't report the robbery to the police?
No, sir.
Mr. Kojima expressly forbade me.
Hey, bring me a mica.
Eh?
It could be that the 3 suspects...
Yes, you're right.
Now that you mention it, it happens with all 3.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it. Now it all fits together."
In any case, his duty as a citizen...
was to report the theft of the two scrolls to the police,
regardless of what orders his head might have given him,
Mr. Kojima.
I'm sorry, Inspector.
But he told me that he wanted to avenge Gonta's death
and that he wasn't going to tell anyone.
And so, he organized...
this contest of men with the surname Kojima for...
Exacte.
Eh ?!
His goal wasn't to pick the most prepared contestant,
but to find the culprit for the death of his dog Gonta
and to take revenge on this person.
He intended to kill with the gun he had hidden.
The key is the surname Kojima.
Most people write it with specific ideograms,
but in the title of the contest they write it with the ideogram of "small",
and the ideogram of "bird" with the ideogram of "mountain" on the left.
Is this true? Yes, sir.
The contestants all have in common that they write their surname...
with this specific combination of ideograms.
By the way, Mr. Kojima also wrote it like this.
Does this mean that he knew the name of the leader of the gang of thieves?
He didn't know, but he deduced it.
When he was half unconscious,

He felt the robber chief say something before he left:
"I spare your life because we have the same last name.
Maybe we are distant relatives.
I get it!
This means that they both spelled it the same, the last name!
Then, he looked at the list of applications....
and chose those who had spelled their last name the same as his.
Yes, that's true.
We also found it strange
that all the contestants use
this combination of ideograms.
So far, I understand it.
But then, how did you choose them, the 3 finalists of the contest?
Something.
For the push-up test,
didn't they all wear the shoes given to them by Mr. Kojima?
Yes.
Exactly, you're right.
And you had to write down which foot you were wearing, right?
Yes, Mr. Kojima asked us to do that.
Isn't it true that the dog, Gonta, was found with his throat slit in the garden of the house?
Aaa... yes. Hey, hey!
Where are you going?
If he did it in the garden, probably there were there...
the culprit's footprints.
Exactly, the footprints!
To choose the finalists,
Mr. Kojima just had to look at the list
and choose the ones that matched the footprints.
And the singing test was to hear their voices.
That's right.
We know that Mr. Kojima heard the voice of the robber chief,
and all 3 finalists have very similar voice.
The writing test also had the same goal.
I wanted to unmask the culprit
by comparing the contestants' handwriting
with that of the thief who left him the note.
No, I don't believe it.
Com?
The leader of a gang of thieves would never leave any document in his handwriting
any document written in his handwriting,
because it might incriminate him.
If he wrote it himself, I'm sure he disguised the handwriting,
or maybe he asked a third person to write the note for him.
So why did they have to do the dictation test?
With this test you can see who is right-handed and who is left-handed.
The wound of the dog with its throat slit
shows whether the culprit is one or the other.
Isn't it true that all 3 suspects used the same hand?
Yes: Bunta Kojima took the cigarette with his left hand;
in Genji Kojima took the glass with the same hand,
and in Dankichi Kojima he wiped off his sweat with a towel
which he took with his left hand.
I get it.
That's why, when it was time to choose the finalists,
all he had to do was look at the results lists and the videotapes.
Man, the voice maybe not,
but whether they're right-handed or left-handed or what foot they wear,
they could have written this down on the form.
Maybe he thought that if he asked for it, the culprit would suspect something,
the culprit would suspect something.
It's true.
Gee, kid, you look like a real detective!
No, it's just that I have a friend who's a detective...
and he sent me a message a while ago.
(Thinking) "Sure, Shinichi Kudo."
The key to the whole thing is the paper that Mr. Kojima's secretary
had the 3 finalists read.
Yes.
He found out who the culprit is
and went to see her in the waiting room.
"And while they were struggling for the paper, she fell down the stairs."
But all 3 suspects have said very different things
when they read what was written on the paper.
And furthermore, we searched them thoroughly, as well as the waiting rooms,
and we haven't been able to find this paper.
But I know where you can find it, Mr. Kojima's paper.
He told me in Shinichi.
Eh?!
And on top of that he told me what exactly is written on it.
Wow, you.
It does take a while, in Conan!
Maybe they think that Genta's father has done something wrong
and they're investigating her.
Yes, but you have to let them investigate this in Conan.
That's right.
Stop it, Genta.
Don't make that face and wait for him to come back and explain it to us.
Genta, I'm sure your father is incapable of killing a fly.
It's true, the father is a very good person.
But I'm afraid he'll get angry and start fighting with someone.
What's that?
Why are you saying this?
It's just that... the father is a little crazy,
he has a very bad temper, and on top of that he can't stand injustice.
-You say he has a bad temper? -And he's a madman?
And he can't stand injustice?
Your father is a typical Tokyoite from the neighborhood.
-I can't take it anymore!
I'm going to see what's going on! -People, where are you going?!
What's going on here?

Why have we been gathered in this room?
We have been questioned before.
What do they want?
Have you found out who the culprit is?
Just a moment!
We want to feel again what you have read on that sheet of paper.
"801"!
It said "801".
-No, it was "108". It said "precious thing".
Eh?
What's wrong, this one?
-That was a number, wasn't it? -Yes, I saw a number too.
Don't talk nonsense!
It was something very easy to read!
Maybe they have been shown different papers.
If not, there's nothing wrong with it at all.
Yes...
What I had written, that's it, isn't it?
Yes, just that.
See?
It says "801."
Yes, but if you take the paper and turn it over, it says "108".
If you read it one way it says "801,"
and if you read it the other way, it says "108".
Yes, that's right.
That's why I said "108".
Stop it!
You're all crazy!
Give me that!
If you take the paper and put it like this,
it says "precious thing", or "very valuable".
Man, yes, it could be interpreted like that.
Yes, but it's hard to read.
Yes, that's true.
Whoever wrote this note
has the habit of writing ideograms with a single stroke.
But most people do not write like that,
and that's why they don't interpret it as the ideogram of a word.
Of all 3, you are the only one who reads it that way.
Wait a minute, in the note from the thieves it says....
that they will return to look for "the most precious thing", and it is written the same way.
Yes, exactly the same.
Agent Chiba has copied these ideograms...
as they are written in the thieves' note.
That is, Mr. Kojima has written this on paper,
and showed it to all three of them.
He wanted to check who read them as a number,
and who read them as two words.
And apparently, you fell on all fours.
No, this does not make sense!
If you are so sure, why don't you show us this piece of paper?
Do you know how it's done, this paper? Do you?
It's a very special paper
made from the leaves of a mulberry tree called "paper mulberry".
This paper is very toxic.
If someone accidentally puts it in his mouth...
-What?
You mean he ate it? -An ambulance!
Please call an ambulance!
I ate a poisonous paper!
So, you confess everything?
That you fought with Mr. Kojima for this piece of paper,
and when he fell down the stairs, you let him die lying on the floor?
Yes, yes, I confess, I confess everything!
Call an ambulance!
First I want you to confess that you are the leader of a gang of thieves.
Yes, I confess everything!
I am the boss of the Hyakki Yako!
When old man Kojima came into my waiting room,
he laughed and said, "It's been a long time since we've met:
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
You're the boss of the thieves who robbed me and killed my dog.
I was convinced that you would come back
to steal the drawing of the wild boar you couldn't take with you.
Now, pay attention.
Depending on how you act, I am willing to forgive you.
If you want to escape, I won't stop you,
but I will report you to the police.
As we have recorded you during the tests,
they will recognize you without any problem.
And this piece of paper proves your guilt.
"When he told me this,
I was outraged and rushed to grab the sheet of paper."
And then, the old man fell down the stairs!
And you left him to die, lying on the floor,
and swallowed the paper to destroy the evidence.
Aaah!
Yes!
Please call an ambulance!
I don't want to die!
Nothing will happen to you.
Eh ?!
The paper mulberry is widely used in Japan.
And in fact, it's not verinous.
What?
It is not poisonous?
No, and unlike you,
your mulberries are black on the outside and white on the inside.
I made that up to teach her a lesson.
Come with us to the commissary.
Oh, no, I was only joking!
I wanted to follow the little boy's streak, I made it up...
Ah!
Aaah!
-What are you doing?! - Stop it!
Stop it!
I'm sick and tired of listening to your lies!
Have you taken us for idiots, or what?
I heard what you said with these ears!
Do me a favor and shut up for once!
You have to believe me, I said it as a joke.
Uuuh...!
Now you want to act crazy, don't you?

-Pelacanyes! Pe-pelagatos?
I own a liquor store.
I'm used to dealing with drunks.
I've got an idea.
You want me to stick my hand down your throat and start poking around...
until I find the paper, and today's lunch,
and yank it out of you?!
Ah... No.
I confess everything.
Father!
Father...
What's going on here? Genta!
What is it?
It can't be!
The culprit is Genta's father?
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Father!
Can you explain to us what you are doing?
-Oh, Genta! Oh...!
-What are you doing with these glasses? -Which ones?
These?
What?!
The mother told you to put them on?
What for?
To participate in the contest?
Yes!
She didn't stop until I put them on.
She says they make me look smart.
But since they're prescription, I couldn't see a bull in three steps.
I had to close my eyes like this, for Guip something.
As I had to go on TV, I didn't dare to take them off.
And he also told me not to complain and not to fight with anyone.
But, before that, how did you read "108"?
Yes, yes, Inspector Takagi told us...
that instead of "801", he read "108".
Eh? That's easy: he turned the paper over.
But he clued me in on the song he sang for the test.
In Tokyo, the people of the neighborhood of all the life...
have a very particular way of speaking.
It's a kind of dialect.
Do you know the samurai song?
When you have sung it, instead of saying:
"Land of the rising sun, heart of a samurai"..,
you said "Country of the rising sun."
-Mhm?
I did not adonat.-I understand.
This has made you realize that he is Genta's father.
That's right.
And I also listened to the other two suspects
and I found out that they don't have the same way of speaking.
Tell me, father, if we hadn't arrived when we did,
would you have been involved in a fight?
Man..., I'm not saying yes, or no.
But you know that in my neighborhood we like to dance with sticks!
(Shinichi thinks) "My goodness! This man is a bit old-fashioned."
I see that he had been arrested before, in Togashi.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He threw the murder weapon against the window?"
"The weapon was not near the window, but next to the closet."
(Conan) "Don't miss the next episode:
The interrogation room '."

