Look, the rainbow! Mm?
Oh, how beautiful! The what?
Oh, my goodness!
You've already spent all night playing mahjong.
Yes, but this time I had an excuse, we had to play by force.
Yes, we were playing for a picture of Yoko Okino!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi, think) "I don't think it's the most appropriate, in a seaside resort."
(Explosion) Oh!
Eh, who sees it?! (Conan voice) "Eh?
(Conan voice) "Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense!"
"Visibility is good, but still there are accidents."
"Very strange things happen, at this intersection."
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"The crossing of fear."
(Wheels: squeak)
It's an accident!
Ran, go to that car, run! OK.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my gosh!
Aaah!
Ah, no, I can rescue him!
Ran, how is he, you? I can't open the door!
Sit me down?
Open up!
Geez, these two cars were parked at the supermarket, right?!
Do you think it's important, this, now?!
Hello!
Are you ok? (Man: groans)
Yeah, I think so...
What-what happened to me? There's been an accident with the car.
I seem to have hit someone.
How is he?
I tried to help you, but the car started and I couldn't do anything.
Ah!
What's wrong with him?!
Ran, call the police and an ambulance!
Yes! (Police: sirens)
(Police: sirens) Oh, my God!
No, my God, this is terrible!
What am I going to do now?
(crying) I didn't want to do it!
Calm down, man, calm down.
Smoke a cigarette, it'll calm him down.
No.
I appreciate it very much, but I do not smoke.
Ah, okay.
(Woman) Excuse me, are you the one who drove the green car?
Y-yes.
Do you think you're in a position to answer a few questions?
Yes.
Could you tell me your name and what you do?
Seiji Kurumatani, a-and I'm a car mechanic.
You are the first one to arrive at the accident?
-Mm. Can you tell me your name?
(Ambulance: siren)
Oh, it's the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, what a surprise!
-I've heard a lot about you. -Yes, ha-ha!
I am very famous.
(Thinks) "It's Detective Mouri."
How fortunate that you can help us such a famous detective like you.
And you are the first one who has arrived at the accident
and who was able to assist the victims, Mr. Mouri?
Yes, and when I arrived, the red car was already burning.
Mr. Hayato Hayamizu, who was driving the other car, died.
Mr. Kurumatani, I would need...
to give me your version of the accident, please.
Yes, of course.
When I got to the intersection, I don't understand, I don't know why,
I didn't see that a car was coming and I didn't stop.
"I continued straight ahead,
and suddenly a red car appeared in front of me!"
"I braked, and I tried to avoid it, but...
but I couldn't."
So what does it mean?
That you didn't stop before entering the intersection?
No, I'm sorry.
I should have been more attentive.
Most accidents happen because of this.
(Shinichi, think) "This steel sign is completely bent."
"Eh? That's interesting."
"The front part has a front guard."
Mm!
This thing he said...
he doesn't know why he didn't see the car coming into the intersection.
To tell you the truth, I don't quite understand.
You don't mean it,
but I'm sure you fell asleep or you weren't looking at the road, right?
No, that's not true!
I didn't fall asleep and I was looking at the road,

but I assure you, I swear, I have not seen it, the other car!
I'm sorry, I don't believe it.
The crossing is in the middle of rice fields and the visibility is very good.
-Grr... -Mm.
It's a very dangerous crossing.
-Yes? -Yes? -Yes, it is.
It's a crossing where there are always a lot of accidents.
That's why people around here
know it as "the crossing of fear".
It's known as "the crossing... of fear"?
Yes, people around here say that there are so many accidents...
because the crossing is in a collision zone.
Collision zone?
What is it, a collision zone?
It's an area where there are a lot of accidents.
It's usually a place where, even though the visibility is good,
there are always a lot of accidents.
When two cars approach the intersection at the same speed,
and they are at the same distance from the intersection at a 45-degree angle,
they appear to be outside the central angle of vision.
Human vision is divided into two types:
central vision and peripheral vision.
Peripheral vision, which allows you to see the approaching car....
when it is at 45 degrees,
can fool you into thinking that the other car is farther away from where it actually is.
away from where it actually is.
So both cars can enter the intersection at the same time...
without either of them...
is aware that the other is also doing so, and the accident occurs.
And the accident occurred because the intersection is located...
in a pollution zone?
(Shinichi, think) "In a collision zone."
Collision zone.
It could be one of the reasons for the accident.
Ah!
I didn't know about peripheral vision.
I should have driven much more carefully!
Take it easy, man.
There are no tire marks on the asphalt.
The red car doesn't seem to have braked.
It is evident, then,
that the driver of the red car did not see the other car coming.
This makes the theory of a collision more likely.
due to lack of peripheral vision.
Yeah, but I don't understand how neither car?
didn't see the other one coming in a place as flat as this,
no matter how much of a collision zone it is!
I guess he's suspicious and questions everything because he's a detective.
How serious!
The two cars we saw earlier in the supermarket,
completely wrecked.
Isn't it?
Tastes bad, doesn't it? Doesn't it?
It does.
What?
The two cars were at the supermarket?
Yes.
We saw them when we stopped for a coffee.
"There was no other car,
and they both left the parking lot almost at the same time."
Wait a minute... That's quite a coincidence, don't you think?
What is, detective?
Both cars leave the parking lot at the same time,
take different roads.
Then, a few minutes later, they crash here.
-Are you sure it's just a coincidence? MM.
It could be, sure.
I don't see why not.
Would you care to join me?
I'd like to question the people in the supermarket.
(Male) Yes, I remember it well.
It was about two o'clock when you came in.
You acted strangely, which worried me.
By the way, you also came yesterday, didn't you?
I remember the green 4x4 you parked outside.
No, it's Kurumatani's car!
I don't want you to mistake me for him.
-He shouted at me.
What a bad mood! -Yikes!
And you're sure, he said "Kurumatani"?
Yes.
Mr. Hayamizu knew Mr. Kurumatani.
There's something I don't like here.
And tell me..., this man, have you ever seen him?
Yes, today, too.
"I saw him arguing outside with the man who called me."
They must have argued shortly before
I saw the two cars leaving the parking lot,
each going in the opposite direction, by the way,
and a little later, there was the accident.
Mm? Mm?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow, that's interesting!"
Eh? (Engine: starts up)
Are you staying here, Conan? Aaa... no.
(Mouri) Mr. Kurumatani.
You didn't tell us,
but you knew the driver of the red car, Mr. Hayamizu,
didn't you?
Well, actually... I wasn't sure it was him,
I had only seen it several times.
And how do you understand that they were arguing in front of the supermarket today, eh?
The supermarket manager saw them arguing with each other,
shortly before the accident.
He was right.

This red car was sold by a friend of mine about 3 months ago,
but he had not paid for it yet.
When I recognized him and asked him to please pay my friend's
to please pay what he owed on the car to my friend,
he became hysterical, and started calling me.
Mm.
Look what happened.
One question: how come you came in this direction?
You live in the opposite direction, don't you?
No reason.
I wasn't expecting anyone, I had time,
and I decided to take the car for a drive.
And see the rainbow, right? The rainbow?
A rainbow came out today?
What's wrong with them?
They only talk about things that have nothing to do with the accident.
Sure, I got it!
Mr. Kuramatani, you're a car mechanic, right?
Aaa... yes-yes, I'm a mechanic.
And therefore, I already knew...
that this was a place with a lot of accidents before we told you about it.
Aaa... no.
As you were angry with Mr. Hayamizu,
you have taken the opportunity to disable his brakes
the time he was shopping at the supermarket.
Being a mechanic, this must have been a piece of cake.
That's why the red car didn't leave any marks on the asphalt.
But we checked the brakes on the red car and they were perfect,
no one had tampered with them.
No one had tampered with them. What?
Oh, no?
Yeah, but he must have put something under the brake pedal.
Yes, it's an old trick used to simulate an accident.
He wanted Mr. Hayamizu to have a taste of his medicine,
but he didn't think it would end in a fatal accident.
That's why you didn't want us to know that you knew each other, right?
Detective Mouri, I'm sorry to tell you,
but so far we don't have any evidence that the accident was provoked.
Aa... no?
Stop it!
Will you stop talking nonsense, please?!
What are you doing?!
Is it okay for you to smoke out here?
Go smoke in the car, you have an ashtray there!
Ah, yes.
(Shinichi, thinks) "An ashtray in the car..."
"Of course..., now I'm getting a crush, that's it."
Can you tell me where you've been, Conan?
Nowhere.
(Man) The images from the traffic camera can already be seen.
They have a security camera here?
-Yes, as there are so many accidents. Aha.
That's fine with me.
This is not for kids.
Uix!
(Woman) The red car entered the intersection without ever braking.
The green car entered later and hit the red car.
Then the green car
crashed against the big metal sign,
and the red car fell into the irrigation canal.
Nothing suspicious appears to be observed in the video.
No.
I agree with you.
We will consider it an accident and close the case.
(Shinichi, thinks) "There is no right! I want to see it, this video!"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Come on!
Where are you going?
The father will give you up if you disappear again, you feel?
What?
Ran, I'm sorry.
But...
I'll be right back.
Conan, where...?
Oh... (Shinichi, think)
(Shinichi, thinking) "This is..."
(Conan's voice) Ran, listen... (Conan voice) What?
Mm-hm... Uh-hm... Who, the father?
What... what have they decided?
After seeing the pictures,
we accept your version and consider it an accident.
Now, not respecting a stop sign at an intersection is a very serious infraction.
I'm really sorry about that.
All right, then, case closed.
(Shinichi, think) "Now don't fail me, Ran."
Ah!
Oh, Mother!
You'll have to accompany me to the police station to sign the statement.
-Please get in the car. Yes, of course.
(Mouri's voice) Please wait a moment.
I'm sorry, but this is not a traffic accident,
but rather a premeditated murder.
-What do you mean, a premeditated murder? -What do you mean, a murder? -What do you mean, a murder?
A moment ago, the boy who came with me...
told me he saw the ashtray of your car..,
and that it's full of cigarette butts.
So what, that it's full?
It is very strange that the ashtray of a car is full of cigarette butts,
if the driver of this car doesn't smoke.
What is that?
The butts in the ashtray are all from Paradise brand cigarettes.
I-and what?
(Mouri voice) Besides,
the cigarette filters that are in the ashtray of his car,
they're all chewed.

"Exactly like the cigarette that Mr. Hayamizu....
threw out of the window from the red car in the supermarket."
Therefore, it is not you, but Mr. Hayamizu,
who drove the green car into the supermarket.
I imagine that you...
had left the green car to Mr. Hayamizu days ago...
because he was using it
while the red one was being serviced in your workshop.
Today, correct me if I'm wrong..,
I had arranged to meet him at two o'clock at the supermarket..,
where they had to change the car, right?
You made it look like you had an accident with him and he died, am I wrong?
M-Mr. Mouri, may I know what you say?
I'm saying that Mr. Kurumatani
didn't crash into Mr. Hayamizu unintentionally,
but he had already planned it for a long time.
What's that?
Don't talk nonsense!
I've been hurt, too, in the accident.
I don't know if you know, but you could have died too!
You weren't in this kind of danger with a car like yours.
"The front shield has prevented the impact from being stronger, because of you."
And that he is injured plays in his favor.
It's easier to slip in the accident theory.
What you are saying is absurd!
It was an accident, in a place where there have already been many!
The fact that there are no skid marks from the other car is proof.
-That's what you said, isn't it? -Yes, it's true.
Mr. Mouri, it is difficult to prove...
that it was a murder and not an accident.
(The fact that Mr. Hayamizu didn't brake..,
has nothing to do with any collision zone...
or peripheral vision.
(Mouri voice) What?
Mr. Kurumatani has prepared everything
because Mr. Hayamizu couldn't brake at the intersection.
But he was just told that the car was not rigged!
No, not the car.
It wasn't necessary, it was enough for him to manipulate something else.
Ran! Yes.
(Mouri's voice) That sign on the highway
has a reflective plate glued on top of it.
It was positioned in such a way that the reflected light from the sun
dazzle the driver of the red car.
It's true, it does dazzle a lot.
(Mouri voice) I'm sure that Mr. Kurumatani
changed the position of the sign at the crossroads.
That's the only way to understand why the reflected light...
dazzled Mr. Hayamizu's car.
I don't understand.
How come we didn't see it when we checked the camera images?
(Mouri's voice) Because the camera's angle of view...
does not include the intersection sign.
It is totally out of range.
"After leaving the supermarket,
"Mr. Hayamizu's car has headed toward the intersection
along the road parallel to the irrigation canal."
"As he had the right of way at the intersection, he did not brake."
"Just at that moment, the sunlight reflected from the sign...
illuminated the front of the intersection."
"Mr. Hayamizu approached unsuspectingly and..."
Ah!
I don't see anything!
Aaaah!
(Mouri voice) The dazzling clarity has surprised Mr. Hayamizu,
who has not had time to slow down,
and also prevented him from seeing Mr. Kurumatani's car,
which was approaching the intersection at full speed.
He also had to take into account the tilt of the sun,
to tell him to meet him at the supermarket today at two o'clock.
And he must have hit the sign to prevent us from discovering
to prevent us from discovering that he had changed his position.
In addition, being a foreign car,
the impact was right next to the driver.
That's exactly what he wanted, to crush him directly.
In Hayamizu, my sister was hit by a car last year and she didn't even stop.
and she didn't even stop.
Is this true?
I found out 6 months ago,
when she took a red foreign car to be serviced.
Since then, I have only thought of avenging my sister's death.
A few days ago, he took the car back for service.
It was then, when I prepared the accident.
"Today, when he came to pick up the car, I told him to turn himself in,
I told him to turn himself in, but he didn't even listen to me."
"He laughed at me, and I decided to go ahead with my plan."
If he had turned himself in, I would have spared his life,
this... filthy rat!
(Mouri voice) Well, now it turns out
that you have become another filthy rat.
And it is you who will have to turn yourself in to the police...
for the murder of Mr. Hayamizu.

Detective, how did you know?
When did you find out, my plan?
(Mouri's voice) When he asked...
if it had come out of the rainbow, because I had not seen it.
"For there to be an accident because of peripheral vision,
you have to look ahead."
"You didn't see it, the rainbow," he said,
"Because I was just watching for Mr. Hayamizu's car,
it was approaching on your right."
When we are only able to think about hatred and revenge,
we don't see the most beautiful things in life,
even though they are right in front of our eyes.
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
Father, it's dangerous to run so much, especially if you haven't slept enough.
Don't suffer, I'm wide awake, believe me.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I'm not saying no, after the nap he's had."
Besides, we have to return the rental car tonight,
or they'll make us pay extra.
But we won't gain anything, if we have an accident.
Don't worry, I'm fine.
And besides, there's a game of mahjong tonight,
and the prize for whoever wins is a DVD of Yoko, ha-ha-ha!
Wait for me, Yoko, I'm coming!
(Shinichi voice) This is known as the "Kogoro collision zone".
...who is always in a bad mood and keeps yawning.
(Haibara) "Excuse me, what did you say?"
I'm always in a bad mood and I keep yawning?
(Shinichi voice) He hitchhiked and stopped a car with two murderers?
I don't trust these two at all.
I'd really like to know who they are.
(Shinichi: thinks) "What if they are from the Men in Black? What do I do?"
(Haibara: thinks) "They could kill us, kill us all!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode: 'A Dangerous Couple'."

