Well, Conan, I'm off.
I'll leave you in charge of the house, huh? I'll take care of the house, huh? - Okay.
Au, adeu.
Fins later.
(Shinichi voice) "The Ran has gone for training,
"Kogoro is busy with a case of infidelity,
"and the others haven't called or shown any signs of life."
"It will be a quiet day, today."
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense!"
"The doctor and Ay hitchhike and are stopped by a suspicious couple."
"The truth always ends up knowing!"
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"A dangerous couple."
(Shinichi voice) No, it can't be!
Come on, don't tell me that the beetle has left them stranded again!
(Agasa) "That's right, boy."
I had gone to present my invention at the Yamanashi fair.
"Ah, that's the fair where you go every year, isn't it?"
Yes, and when I was coming back, my car stopped suddenly.
"And in the middle of the road, on top of it."
I called a tow truck and they took the car to a garage.
Then I asked them to please drop me off at a bus stop.
"So what happens, the bus doesn't come?" No, yes.
Mm.
Excuse me, but I don't want to get on yet.
Don't tell me you've lost your wallet.
Yes.
With all this traffic, I must have dropped it somewhere.
It's not like I had a lot of money in it, but gee...
Yeah, don't tell me.
Now you're calling me to tell Kogoro
to come pick you up at the bus stop,
but the problem is that now in Kogoro,
he's investigating a case of infidelity and it's not here, it's at home.
"What?! He's not here?" Au, don't be like that.
If you want, you know who can come and pick you up by cab, right?
I know? "Yes, of course."
Someone who is at home staring at the ceiling without doing anything,
who's always in a bad mood and keeps yawning.
(Ai) "Excuse me, what did you say?"
I'm always in a bad mood and I keep yawning?
Ouch!
But what are you doing here?
Have you gone too?
Aa, aa, aa, aa...
"But you've never been interested in anything, the doctor's inventions."
No, I didn't want to come, but neither...
I wanted to stay at home staring at the ceiling without doing anything.
"Not in a house where a guy who knows who is alive right next door."
Gee, now that you mention it, I have an idea.
I know he might come looking for you.
I'm sure he won't mind.
"At Subaru. Call him and tell him to come pick you up by car."
"He should be home by now." Are you kidding me?!
I can see that you are, but I don't trust him one bit.
He scares me.
I think he might be a member of the Men in Black Organization,
as you say.
Who?
In Subaru?
No way. "I noticed."
What?
I noticed it when I was at the Horn Rock.
"The anguish I felt at that moment,
was the same... as the one I felt from the Organization."
No, it couldn't be.
If this were true, we'd be long dead by now.
"I don't know,"
but I hope you're not using us,
that you're not using me as bait,
"That you haven't put him at your house to keep an eye on me
and you're waiting for him to act against me."
But what are you saying ?!
I would never do that!
Maybe not, but do me a favor,
find an excuse and do it outside your house.
It's quite possible that the Organization has already discovered...
"That I'm Sherry, the girl who betrayed them."
"And it is also possible that they have also discovered that Shinichi Kudo,"
who they thought they had killed, is alive.
And that they want to eliminate without making noise or arousing suspicion.

"The killers of the Organization
may be closer than we think."
- (horn) -Eh?
Mm?
If they're in trouble and need to go somewhere, we can give them a ride.
-I guess they don't have any money.
Also-Ah.
That's very kind of you, thank you very much.
We're going to Tokyo, is it all right if we drop you off there?
Yes, we're going to Tokyo too.
You'd be doing us a big favor.
-Pugin the back seat, doncs. -Thank you.
We have already found the way back home.
"As for in Subaru,
I'd like you to make it out of your house before we get there."
Oh, wait a minute, no....
You really got us out of a lot of trouble.
Eh?
Oh.
He's tired, he didn't get much sleep tonight.
Oh, right.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to go a little strangled.
-Huh?
"Strangled"? - Yeah, you'll have to squeeze a bit.
There's a package in the back seat.
Excuse me, would you mind... telling me something?
What's that?
How did you know, you, that we didn't have any money?
Ah, you probably must have sensed me when you were talking on the cell phone
and said I'd lost my wallet.
And you think someone who drives a car
can hear what someone standing on the side of the road is saying?
"If they had stopped after passing us, maybe yes,
"They would have been able to sense us,
But they started braking before we were there, right?"
"It's very strange, don't you find?"
I have seen how the bus stopped at the bus stop
and they told the driver that they were not getting on.
And that was enough for him to know that we needed help,
and that we were stranded on the road?
No, another strange thing I saw also helped.
The stain on your companion's shirt.
Ah!
I dropped some coke and got a stain on it.
And when you dropped it, you were wearing your seat belt, weren't you?
"Actually, it's not that hard to tell."
"The place where the belt was is clean."
And he did it recently, no one leaves the house with a stained t-shirt.
Aa... no.
Which makes it obvious that until very recently you were driving,
but, strangely enough, there was no car on the road.
Also, when I stopped to buy a coffee.
"In a machine on the side of the road,
I noticed a tow truck towing a car."
I imagined that the car had broken down,
that they called a tow truck to take it away,
and that the tow truck driver dropped them off at the bus stop.
But then he realized that he had lost his wallet,
and, that they wanted to take the bus, they couldn't.
-That's exactly what he just said, I was thinking about it.
Anyway, now that I've answered your question, I can start?
Yes.
We're stuck here.
There seems to have been an accident up ahead.
You can sleep for a while, if you like, until we get there.
That's very kind of you.
By the way, could you tell me where you live in Tokyo?
In the Beika district.
Ah... In the Beika district?
What a coincidence.
-Oh, is that so? -Yes, it's a small world, isn't it? -Yes.
We go to Beika too.
At the Mouri Detective Agency.
Well, looky here!
We happen to be...
(Yawns) How tired I am!
How sleepy I am!
What do you say we take advantage of it to get some sleep, eh, Grandpa?
-Aaa, yes. Will you wake us up when we arrive?
-What's wrong, Ai?
I don't know, these two... they are very strange.
Have you seen the face of the guy in the passenger seat?
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
He's got a really big scar and a scary look on his face,
but that's not enough reason to suspect him;
we can't suspect everyone.
Didn't you see the hole?
Behind the driver's seat?
Ehm?
There's one here,
and there's two more in this back door on the left.
-They're probably bullet holes. What?!
They must think they've cleaned it up pretty well, but...
in the seams of the seat there's... traces of blood.
-What?
It can't be! -Hm.
What's wrong?
Oh.
No.
It's Grandpa, when he dreams he starts calling.
-Ah. -Aah...
(Ai) Anyway, let's pretend to sleep for a while and watch what they do.
I don't trust these two at all.

I would very much like to know who they are and why the hell they are going to the Detective Agency.
Hey!
What is this?
I see you have increased the load, while I slept.
I picked them up on the road.
I do not know, but it seems to me that they know the detective Mouri.
Yes?
How nice, very interesting.
This will save us looking for his office.
Hey, by the way, what do you think of that little boy?
(Woman) Which kid?
That nano, Conan Edogawa, who always with the detective Mouri.
What do I think?
What do you want me to think?
Well, he looks like a very intelligent boy for his age.
Not only that, it seems to me that this kid is the one who cuts the codfish.
Yes?
Yes, this nano is really out of this world.
Anyway, we also brought a few gifts for him,
and if we brush him off and play our cards right,
I'm sure he'll sing as much as we want him to.
I don't know, do you think that will be enough?
Don't worry, a half-dead one will fix everything.
- "Half dead?" - Oh.
We'll settle for that for now.
You have to have a little patience,
the day will come when we'll kill them all.
-Ah! -Oh!
I'm already looking forward to that day.
But don't worry, you'll like the half-dead one you'll see for sure.
The way I kill them is unique and special.
(Woman) I can't wait to see it.
Yes, the way I have of half-killing them I'm sure you'll love it.
You don't see it very often.
It's very special, and very effective, too.
Mm?
Ah, he's awake already.
Ah, yes.
Has he been able to feel... everything we were saying, now?
No, no, I didn't.
No, I woke up because Grandpa was snoring very loudly.
Why was that?
They were talking about something they didn't want us to feel, maybe?
No.
We weren't talking about anything important, actually.
This retention is starting to get on my nerves.
My goodness!
And we haven't even arrived in Tokyo yet.
(Woman) Do you want to stop somewhere for tea or coffee?
Maybe in a while there won't be as much traffic as there is now.
While we're at it we could talk about the relationship you have
with the Mouri Detective Agency.
Eh?
If it goes well, and as long as you're not in a hurry to get home.
I see.
But if they're in a hurry to get home,
I advise you to get out of the car and start walking.
That we start... to transit?
It's fine with me... that we stop for a drink, if you want.
Can you look at the map for me, please?
I seem to have left it in the glove compartment.
Yeah, sure, sure.
(Oh, he thinks) "A gun!"
What?!
You hitchhiked and were stopped by a car with two murderers in it?
(Ai) "Yes, a man and a woman."
(Ai) "From what I've heard,
it seems that they want to get information from you and Mouri."
"Do you think it could be the Men in Black?"
I don't know, at first I didn't think so, but they have a gun.
"And... though you are with them, now?" Yes.
Dr. Agasa is talking to them, now.
I told them I had to go to the toilet and I hid to call you.
"And is he all right, the doctor?" Yes, and don't suffer.
I told him to tell them that we've only known you for one day.
that we asked you if you could look after the cat for a while.
It's not that, that worries me!
If they are dangerous, you should get out of here right now.
We can't!
I heard that they said they wanted to come to your house to kill you.
We can't let them do that, can we?
"What, half kill me?" This is what the man said.
Yes, he said, "There's nothing like a half-dead,
the day will come when we kill them all."
Kill them all!
(Ouch) From what I understood, first they want to half kill you,
so that you give them I don't know what information they say they want,
and when they have it, they'll kill us all.
"Hey, and are you sure, it's not the Men in Black?"
I don't know, one hundred percent I'm not sure.
"Of course... if the information they want to get out of you is about me,"
and about who betrayed the Organization, then surely yes, they are.
If it's where you told me, I can get here half an hour on the skateboard.
Please stall as long as you can until I get here.
It is very important that you do not leave here.

"Entertain them? But how?" I don't know!
You tell them that you happened to meet someone you know.
Someone who's on his way to Tokyo from Chiba,
and you said you'll take him home.
- "From Chiba?!" - Eh?
Hey, we're at a bar in Yamanashi,
and Chiba is just on the other side of Tokyo.
They'll know right away that we're trying to trick them.
When they realize you've fooled them, they'll get suspicious and look for you.
Sure, I see what you mean.
You want us to hide in the bar until you get there, that's it, right?
But... what if they don't realize we've fooled them?
"No problem, even easier."
Then I'll call Inspector Takagi.
I'll tell him to wait for them at the detective agency and arrest them.
I'll tell him that both of them are armed and that they are very dangerous.
(Thinking) "I'll be able to take care of them with the anesthetic darts and the soccer ball.
and the soccer ball, but then what?"
"What if they are from the Men in Black Organization, what do I do?"
(Woman) Oh yeah?
They have found an acquaintance going from Chiba in Tokyo who can take them?
-Wow, how lucky! Yes, very lucky.
Thank you for accompanying us here.
You have done us a great favor.
Good bye.
They didn't find anyone, it's a lie, they tricked us.
-I know, but why? -I can imagine.
They heard us talking about the half-death. Yes, they must have sensed you.
(Ai) What you said happened.
They didn't buy it.
They immediately saw that it was a lie, and now they are looking for us.
Yes?
And your location, you? For the moment we're hiding in the toilet.
But I don't think it won't be long before they find us.
And couldn't it be that it's someone who has something against Kogoro,
for a case he's solved?
"Please, could you describe me?"
Yes, the woman is wearing a light brown woolen hat....
"And sunglasses, dark."
"The man is dark-skinned, with a four-day beard,
and I saw that he had a scar over his left eye."
A scar on his left eye? "Yes."
"He looks like a tough guy, believe me."
Also, in the glove compartment of the car, they carry a gun.
"Inside the car there are three bullet holes, and traces of blood on the seat."
Can you tell me anything else? I don't know, I can't think of anything else.
-Yes, to me, yes. Mm?
They use weird words from time to time.
Like, "weird words"?
" 'I'm sorry, but they'll have to go a little bit strangled in the back.'"
" 'If you're in a hurry to get home,
get out of the car and start walking.'"
"Strangled?"
"Transit?" Maybe it's just that they're talking in code.
"Anyway, I don't think it's going to take more than five minutes."
"Don't move from where you are..." (man) Avi, is it in here?
-If it is, answer! -What are you doing?
He's busy!
We're trapped in here, he'll find us out.
The man's knocking on all the doors of the toilets.
(Man) Quiet, I'm coming out!
(Ai) "What do we do?"
"Shut up, 'strangle' for 'constrict' and 'transit' for 'walk' are..."
"Conan, answer!"
" 'Half kill them' and 'kill them all'."
"Conan!"
"A very large scar on the left eye."
- (man) Hey, who's here? -Aah...!
-Open the door! -Please, Conan!
(man) "Calm down."
Tell him in an adult voice that the washroom is occupied.
I'm sure, so he sits you down, he'll leave right away, you'll see.
"When he hears a woman's voice,
he'll be surprised and think he's at the wrong door."
I hope so.
Hm.
I'm sure this old man has been hiding in here and won't come out.
Ahem, ahem!
(Gulps for air)
(Oh, woman's voice) What do you think you are, you filthy pig?
Can't you go to the bathroom with peace of mind now?
Oh, excuse me.
I made a mistake.
Ha.
Have you gone mad?
Soc the men's room!
"I suppose so. I can't imagine the doctor going to the women's."
"Oh, yeah?"
And what must he have imagined, when he heard my voice?
Isn't there any window, in the bathroom, where he can go outside?
Yes, there is one. "Well, you have the solution."

Go outside, you and the doctor.
What do we do now?
What do we do now?
"Well now..." Ah!
"Most likely outside..." Ah!
"...there's that woman waiting for you,
"And soon...
the man with the scar also arrives."
Ah!
Ah!
"Now give yourselves up, let them catch you."
Let them catch us?
No need to worry.
These two here... they're policemen.
-Huh? -Oh!
-What? -Police?
Yes, but I didn't know her.
How come she wears dark glasses?
Because the other day, a delinquent I was arresting,
he punched me and gave me a black eye.
(Man) You were lucky it was just a black eye.
That guy... he fired a shot,
with such bad luck that the bullet grazed my head.
-Oh! -Oh!
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
(laughs)
Well, with these glasses and the scar,
no wonder they thought they were criminals.
The other day he stopped a guy and put him in the car,
but just when he thought he had him,
he pulled out a gun and started shooting left and right.
Yeah, and when I was helping in Kansuke to stop him,
he punched me and gave me a black eye.
"Bullet holes and blood on the seat must be then."
But how did you do it to yourself, Conan, to find out it was us?
By "strangling" and "transiting."
That's what they say in Nagano instead of "squeeze" and "walk".
And for something else.
Inspector Yamato is the only one of the Nagano police department
who knows us and who has a scar on his left eye.
Now, the thing that scared us the most?
was the "half-dead" and "kill them all".
Of course!
We thought about it,
that's why they took us for criminals and fled.
"That's why we've been looking for you,
because we knew that they had left even though they had no money."
-And how do you explain this? -Hm.
"Half-killed" and "half-dead."
It refers to these pies here.
Ah!
How good they look!
Yes, Kansuke's rice cakes are very good.
Their grandmother taught them how to make them.
But... how come a rice cake is called "half dead"?
It's called "half dead" because only half of the rice used to make it is pressed.
that is used to make it.
When all the rice is pressed, then it is said that all the big ones are killed.
Yeah, so, "the day will come when we kill them all"?
means that you have to wait until the end of the year
to eat a cake where all the big ones are "killed".
Yes, sir.
Ostres!
Do they say that to Nagano, the cakes?
No.
In Kansuke he learned to make cakes from his grandmother
and uses a bit strange words that no one else uses.
And, in addition, he has always liked to provoke a little.
All right, tell them what happened to Nagano.
I guess you didn't come here
just to bring us rice cakes.
No, he's right.
There's a case we don't know how to solve, and we'd like your help.
Yes, it's a mystery.
A red wall all stained with blood.
Bloodstained? What?
(Shinichi voice) "The mystery of the wall stained... with blood?"
Now they call it... the Mansion of Death.
It seems to me that Kansuke doesn't trust Detective Mouri very much,
and instead trusts you a lot more.
With a red wall.
My God!
Don't tell me it's...
Ah!
Human blood?
What the hell are you doing here?
This case is ours!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Mansion of Death and the Red Wall (The Invitation)'."

