(Shinichi voice) "Dr. Agasa and Ay
have gone to present one of the doctor's inventions."
"On the way back, their car breaks down."
"On top of that,
the doctor loses his wallet and they can't catch the bus."
"Soon after, the occupants of a car offer them a ride."
"On one seat, there's a hole that looks like a bullet hole,
and Ay finds fresh blood."
"In the glove compartment, he sees a gun under a map."
"The strangers tell them they are going to the Mouri Detective Agency."
"Who are this pair? Maybe they are members of the Men in Black?"
"Ay calls me very scared and explains everything."
"I take the turbo skateboard and go out to rescue them."
"In the end it turns out that the suspicious couple
are Inspector Kansuke Yamato and Officer Yui Uehara,
of the Nagano Prefectural Police."
"We had made a mountain out of a molehill."
"But why did these two come?"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the time of suspense."
"A new character, Inspector Komei, of the Nagano police,
and the mystery of the red wall."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
So, did something happen in Nagano?
I guess they didn't make the trip to bring us rice cakes.
No, of course not.
We have a problem and we can't solve it.
Help us solve the case of the wall painted with blood.
"The Mansion of Death and the Red Wall (The Invitation)"
Oh, my goodness!
Couldn't they take another road?
When I've been asked to help with a murder case,
I, the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, said yes immediately.
But I don't feel like getting my back broken.
(Think) "And I haven't had time to try the rice cakes."
I feel so bad.
This is the shortest way.
(Conan voice) Could you give us more information about the case?
Earlier you mentioned a wall painted with blood.
How strong!
They take us to a house that has walls painted with human blood?
No, don't worry, Kansu said it was painted with blood,
but he really meant...
-Hey!
Stop the car, Yui... Kansu...
You can't eliminate any hypothesis.
We have gone to Tokyo to take him to the crime scene
and let you draw your own conclusions.
Ah...
And listen, Uehara.
I'm your superior.
Stop calling me Kansu.
At your service, Inspector Kansuke Yamato.
This is all very well,
but, at the very least, you could tell us where you're taking us.
To an old mansion in the middle of the forest.
It's called the Mansion of Hope.
The Mansion of Hope?
What a beautiful name, isn't it?
Twenty years ago, this beautiful name might have made sense.
But three years ago, in the storage room of the house,
they found a woman who had suffered a terrible death.
Since then, the people of these lands have changed the name.
They no longer call it the Mansion of Hope.
Now they call it the Mansion of Death.
(Think) "The Mansion of Death."
Wow!
It's a little old, but it's pretty impressive.
From what I hear,
it was built by a millionaire many years ago.
Sisplau.
Mm?
Isn't it a little strange
that Inspector Yamato asked Mr. Mouri for help?
It's just that this case is also being investigated by someone else,
and the inspector wouldn't like it at all if he solved it before him.
And this person also happens to be a policeman?
That's right.
He's also a policeman, but he didn't come from Nagano Prefecture.
He's an inspector from a local police station,
from the Arano police department.

If they are both working on the case,
how come Inspector Yamato doesn't want to collaborate with him?
This boy and Kansu
have known each other since they were in elementary school together.
He and Kansu have always been rivals in everything.
The boy went to law school
and was at the top of his class,
but he has never practiced law.
He joined the Nagano police department as a private officer.
But something happened and he was transferred to the Arano police station.
And they used to be colleagues,
at the Nagano prefectural police station?
That's right.
And this guy is also named after a famous military man, like in Kansu.
Hey, Uehara!
-Enter the house.
Y-Yes, sir.
(Thinking) "That's right, the name Kansuke Yamato...
sounds almost the same as Kansuke Yamamoto,
Shingen Takeda's strategist."
Hey, poor Kansu is feeling frustrated....
so his friend always solves cases before he does.
This time you have to help her.
Kansu doesn't trust Mr. Mouri's detective skills.
In fact, he's gone to look for you.
This mansion was called the Mansion of Hope for a reason.
It was built by a very rich man.
When the house got old, he stopped using it,
but gave it to a group of young people with a lot of talent and little money,
who started living practically for free.
Here they could make their dreams come true.
Yes, and from time to time....
the former owner of the house came to see these young people.
In the end he gave them the ownership of the mansion
and soon after he became ill and died.
After two or three years, most of the young people who lived here...
were able to move elsewhere.
For the last five or six years, the only people who lived in the house...
were a couple who met and married in the mansion.
Come on, Uehara, show them the photos of the people who used to live here.
Of course I will.
These are the ones.
There were six of them.
-Oh. -The first one is of a painter.
His name is Shusaku Akashi.
This one is an actor, and his name is Naoki Midorikawa.
The next one is a novelist named Aoi Kobashi.
Fashion designer Shoji Yamabuki,
the computer animation expert Takuto Momose
and, finally, musician Shiro Naoki.
Eh.... these names remind me of something, but I don't fall,
I don't know what it is.
By the way, when we entered, I noticed something.
What is this square?
It looks like a piece of paper was hooked on the door,
but then they ripped it off.
That's right.
And on this door there's another mark just like it.
Ah, that must be... I think it was colored paper.
What are you saying?
They used to stick colored papers
to mark which room corresponded to each one.
These six, all have colors to their names.
But what are you saying, kiddo?!
In these names there is no ideogram
that corresponds to a color.
No, I mean what the names sound like. That's right!
Akashi sounds like red.
Midorikawa sounds like the color green.
You are right!
Aoi sounds like the color blue.
Yamabuki sounds like the color golden yellow.
Takuto Momose was the color of peach,
and Shiro Naoki, the color white.
You see?
All six have colors to their names.
Very good, Conan.
Good thinking.
And the rooms are not the only example of this you said.
In fact, each one had a color assigned to it.
See.
This was in the storage room of the house, these are the lunchtime chores.
To each person corresponds the ideogram of a particular color.
It's as if instead of saying each other by name...
they are all said by their color.
Well, where is the room where this corpse was found?
Follow me.
What are these boxes that are stacked here?
What are these boxes that are stacked on the cart?
The boxes are completely full of books and must weigh a ton.
The door to the room opens outward,
but it was blocked by the trolley.
The person in the room
was trapped inside until he died.
(Mouri) And this is the room in question.
Yes, when the policemen opened the door,
they found the corpse of a person who had died of starvation.
In this room,
with a red wall.
My God!
Don't tell me it's... Human blood!
It's spray paint.
See.
The valve on the spray can that the police found on the floor
is stained the same color as the wall.

And what is the significance of the white chair and the black chair?
I would say they were painted on purpose and then nailed to the floor.
We don't know.
But the corpse was sitting on the white one.
This means that the killer wanted to send a message to someone.
I don't think so, for one reason:
After death,
nobody took out the microphones that were in that room.
Microphones?
I get it: the killer bugged the room...
to find out if the victim was alive or dead.
Once there had been silence for a reasonable amount of time,
he would have entered the room and removed them so as not to leave any evidence.
But if the microphones are still here....
Exactly.
The killer locked the victim and did not re-enter the room.
And this means that the red wall and the two chairs
must be the posthumous message left by the victim before he died.
Mr. Mouri, can you think of what this message could be?
Of course, it's very easy.
The message is "red".
We have seen before that each one has a color.
The Akashi was assigned the color red.
No, I'm sorry.
The man we found starving in the room...
was him, in Shusaku Akashi!
What a ?!
And another thing: Aoi Kobashi and Shusaku Akashi were married,
and she had adopted her husband's surname.
The Aoi Akashi died three years ago in the storage room of the mansion.
But does this mean that she was also murdered?
No.
In fact, Aoi was ill.
While looking for something in the storage room,
she had a heart attack and died.
Her husband had locked himself in this room.
It seems he was working on a painting.
He was so focused that he didn't notice anything
and he didn't find her for another 12 hours.
It's... terrible.
If the red on the wall doesn't refer to the surname...
Red, reddish...
Ah!
I know that!
He means red as a tomato!
Hey, that's enough, do you think I've gone to Tokyo to find you...
...to listen to this nonsense?
If we want to meet with a great man
without taking the necessary measures,
it's as if we invited him into our home and swept him out the front door.
From what I have felt, you have not had the famous detective come all the way from Tokyo.
You went to look for her, which is what you had to do.
But what you have just said to Mr. Mouri
shows that you are rude.
Even if we are friends, I'm ashamed of you,
Inspector Yamato.
What the hell are you doing here?
This case is ours!
You're wrong.
It's Arano Police Department's.
I think we should work together.
-That doesn't make any sense. -So much so, it's the most logical thing to do.
What's the meaning of all this?
When he said something about shutting the door on a great man?
You don't have to take it literally.
As explained in the history of the Three Kingdoms,
these are the words that Gentoku Ryubei said when he made preparations
to bring a famous strategist into his castle.
If we want to meet with a great man
without taking the necessary measures,
it is like inviting him home and locking the front door.
That is to say, if we need the services of a great man....
and we don't ask him with all the respect that he deserves,
it's as if we invite him into our home but we sweep him out the door.
Do you understand now?
And just so you know,
Gentoku Ryubei went to visit the strategist three times.
Hey, if you had no idea about the fūrinkazan,
how come you know so much about the Three Kingdoms?
This is none of your business.
On the other hand, this room hides many mysteries.
There is the red wall, the white chair and the black chair.
The window is too high for the victim to escape,
but someone broke it from the inside
and threw all the paintings outside through the holes in the glass.
The only thing left in the room
is this red spray paint,
and here's the signature of the victim,
who bit his finger until he drew blood
to stamp his signature on the red wall.
Now that you have all the facts,
I want to know the opinion of the famous Tokyo detective.
(Thinking) "Ryubei... Strategist..."
"Three times... MHM..."
By the way, the corpse was found by me.
I was surprised to see that pile of paintings
at the bottom of a broken window

and that led us to discover the corpse locked in the room.
Hey, the strategist you were saying is that famous one?
That's right, the one who always carried a feather fan.
Even if you come from the central police station,
you guys can't keep me off this case.
I remember.
I think his name was...
Au, stay, do what you want!
As far as I'm concerned, you can do whatever you want to investigate.
-Ryo Shikatsu. -Komei!
Komei?
Sorry, I haven't introduced myself.
My last name is Morofushi and my first name is Takaaki.
But most people call me Komei.
Please do the same.
(Thinking) "I get it. The strategist was called Komei Shokatsu."
"And the police inspector calls himself Komei."
Come on, say yours.
What do you think, in Sleeping Kogoro?
We have a wall painted red.
The victim has left his signature written in blood.
There's a broken window,
and someone has thrown out all the paintings.
And we also have two chairs, one white and one black,
that someone has nailed to the floor back to back.
Someone let a man starve to death in this room.
Have you figured out what the victim wanted to tell us?
You're asking me if I've figured it out yet?
The detective is a very clever man,
but this mystery is beyond us.
The red, the white and the black.
I think the victim wanted to send a message with these three colors.
Because he threw all the other colors out the window.
Hey, who's this kid?
This little boy lives at Kogoro Mouri's house,
who took him in some time ago.
-The boy's name is Conan Edogawa. -Conan Edogawa...
And another thing.
We were told that the boxes piled up on top of the wheelbarrow
prevented the door from opening from the inside.
The boxes are full of books.
Do you know whose books they are?
Yes, they are from the Aoi.
Do you remember what I explained before?
It was the wife of Shusaku Akashi,
the man they found starving to death in this room.
She died of a heart attack in the mansion's storeroom.
and her maiden name was Aoi Kobashi.
Someone took a lot of books from his room and put them in these cardboard boxes.
and put them in these cardboard boxes.
She had a big bookshelf full of books.
And, what's more, the Aoi was a novelist.
In this case, the murderer could be a relative of the Aoi...
who wanted to avenge his death.
When he had a heart attack while looking for something in the storage room..,
Shusaku was painting
and didn't realize it until twelve hours had passed.
But the Aoi had no family.
She was an only child and her parents died when she was still very young.
Understood.
So, by logic, the prime suspects must be.....
the four men who lived here with her.
Eh?
Why is that?
For the culprit to have known
that in the Aoi's room there were many books,
and that that door opens outwards.
Otherwise, the murderer would not have come up with the idea...
the idea of filling the boxes and blocking the door with the wheelbarrow.
This means that the murderer is Naoki Midorikawa, the actor;
fashion designer Shoji Yamabuki,
computer animation expert Takuto Momose
or musician Shiro Naoki.
One of these four is the Akashi killer.
Eh?
Mr. Mouri, didn't I do well? Eh? (mobile) Yes, very well.
- (mobile) Yes, very well.
You've more or less come to the same conclusions as us.
But you didn't stoop to make any comments...
because everything we've said so far seemed too obvious to you.
-Yes, you're right, aren't you?
You checked it out?!
All right, you guys!
I'll take it from here.
What's the matter with you, Kansu...?
I mean, Inspector Yamato.
You want to know what's wrong with me?
We've had the fingerprints from the door lock
and the spray can of red paint.
We were convinced that they could only be the victim's,
on Shusaku Akashi, but they are yours, Komei!
All the prints are yours
and of the police officer who accompanied you!
And now I'm going to call this officer
and explain to me in detail what you did.
Please don't be too hard on the poor boy.
He is very young and has just joined the force.
It seems to me that he was the first corpse he had ever seen.
He got very nervous and touched what he wasn't supposed to touch.
So you and the rookie agent and you found him together, the corpse?
That's right.

We were coming back from questioning witnesses in another case,
and I asked him if we could stop by the mansion.
I wanted to leave a bouquet of flowers in front of the storage room door.
What?
A bouquet of flowers?
Yes, I forgot to tell you this before.
Inspector Morofushi and Inspector Yamato
were Aoi's classmates,
the woman who died here three years ago.
What? What?
They were classmates?
(Think) "Inspector Morofushi was a classmate of the Aoi Kobashi,
who died here three years ago."
"That he was the one who discovered Shusaku Akashi's corpse
Is that a coincidence?"
"And the posthumous message left to us by the victim..."
"The wall painted red
and the two chairs, one white and one black, nailed to the floor."
"What secret does it hide, the red wall?"
"I will do whatever it takes
because the murderer who let the Akashi starve to death will pay for his terrible crime.
will pay for his terrible crime."
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
This is like finding bamboo shoots in the snow.
There is one that looks very suspicious!
And her friend Aoi was a good person?
Another red wall.
"Swift as the wind, silent as the forest."
(Think) "The murderer has gotten rid of the person who held the key
to solve this case."
"He will no longer be able to reveal to us the secret he was hiding."
"Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The Mansion of Death and the Red Wall' (In Hand)"

