"The Mansion of Hope."
"For a time, six young people lived in the house."
"But, three years ago,
"The only woman in the group had a heart attack and died,
and the Mansion of Hope became the Mansion of Death."
"There was only one occupant left in the house, in Shusaku Akashi,
the husband of the Aoi, the woman who had died."
"But someone locked him in one of the rooms of the house
and left him there until he starved to death."
"Before he died, the Akashi left a very enigmatic message."
"One of the walls of the room was painted red."
"A chair painted white looked at the red wall.
"A black-painted chair faced the opposite wall;
and both were nailed to the floor."
"The Akashi's corpse appeared sitting on the white chair."
"Two rivals from Nagano Prefecture.
"Investigate the case with us:
"Inspector Yamato and Takaaki Morofushi,
better known as Inspector Komei, of the local police."
"What does it mean, this red wall?"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the time of suspense."
"Every suspect has a color,
and with the second death the case takes an unexpected turn."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
(Kogoro) A bunch of flowers?
Yes, I forgot to tell you this before.
Inspector Morofushi and Inspector Yamato
"They were Aoi's classmates,
the woman who died here 3 years ago."
What? They were classmates?
(Think) "Inspector Morofushi was a classmate of the Aoi Kobashi,
who died here 3 years ago."
"That he was the one who discovered the corpse of Shusaku Akashi
Is that a coincidence?"
"The Mansion of Death and the red wall (In hand)."
That morning I came to the house
because it was the birthday of his death.
I had brought her a bouquet of flowers,
and then I saw the broken window,
"...and all around, tubes and cans of paint."
"We rang the doorbell and no one opened it,
but the front door was open and we went in."
And then we found the corpse locked in this room.
But I've heard that the victim's fingerprints
were all over the tubes and the paint cans.
That's right.
On all the ones outside.
But... on the door lock and the spray can,
we found your subordinate's prints.
This is like finding bamboo shoots in the snow.
It's very interesting.
What?
Bamboo shoots in the snow? He didn't say "can", he said "shoots".
How to find bamboo shoots in the snow.
Eh?
And what do they have to do, bamboo shoots?
Isn't it true that bamboo shoots in the spring?
In China they use this expression
when something happens that in theory can not happen,
or when someone does something impossible.
And what is this impossible thing?
What don't you understand?
Someone locked the victim in this room.
The most natural thing is that he grabbed the lock with his hands
to try to open the door.
His prints should also be on the spray paint
he used to paint the wall red.
And everything indicates that the person who locked it here never came back in.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
So, if the victim's prints aren't where they're supposed to be,
that means the killer wiped them off.
Or maybe not.
All right, we need to re-interview...
the four men who lived in the mansion with the victim.
They're the prime suspects.
This time, we'll get them to talk.
-You do it yourself, I'm not going in. -Mm?

But I want you to do me a favor: take the girl and the boy,
to go with you in your car.
I want to talk alone with the famous Sleeping Kogoro,
that's why I brought her here.
-I want you to help me solve the case.
En-Mm?
Mm-hm!
Maybe we'll talk about things that children shouldn't feel.
Hey, when you've talked to all four of them,
take the girl and the boy back to my place and fill me in.
But I don't think you'll get much out of it.
What?
Shall we start talking about the case?
Hey, he's asleep!
(Thinking) "That's why he sent Conan in with Komei."
(Doorbell rings)
Ah, it's the inspector from the other day.
I've already explained everything I know about poor Shusaku's death.
Maybe so, but we found his fingerprints...
on the lock of the door of the room where Shusaku was locked.
What?
That's impossible!
I haven't lived in that house for 6 years.
If it's not that you can still detect such old fingerprints.
This means it's been 6 years since you set foot in the forest mansion?
Eh?
Ah, yes.
Don't bother, Conan.
Hey, inspector, who are these?
Excuse me, sir.
The girl and the boy are in my charge temporarily.
Didn't you hear me?
I told you to keep the car.
I'm sorry, it's just that Mr. Mouri asked me...
to tell you all the details of the interview.
Excuse me, one question.
Don't you go on TV a lot?
Ah, yes, I do.
Does the name "Naoki Sone" ring a bell?
Well, that's me.
Ah!
Of course it rings a bell, he's famous.
He always plays the bad guy in samurai movies.
Sone is my mother's maiden name.
And it's also my stage name.
When I lived at home everyone called me Verde.
Green, like the color green.
And when I left,
I changed my name to break with the past and start over.
And the people who lived in the house, everyone was called by some color?
Yes, but Shusaku and I were friends since childhood,
and we always called each other by our real names.
That my fingerprints were on the lock of the bedroom door?
But I do not know what he misses.
After all, I lived in that house for many years.
And with Mr. Akashi, you were called by color?
Red for him and Golden Yellow for you?
Yes, they were.
My surname already means this...
But I remember...
my dearest Aoi always called me Yamabu.
And your friend Aoi was a good person?
Mm-hm, our Aoi was the apple of everyone's eye.
She was the only girl in a group of 6 boys, and on top of that she was very pretty.
That's why, when we found out she was dating Akashi,
we were all in sweet potato paste.
This was the trigger for everyone to leave the house.
And for the record, I included myself.
Ah!
What?
That they found my fingerprints on the door lock?
Come on, don't tell me you suspect me...
because I lived in that house for a while.
Who knows when I touched it, that lock.
We understand each other.
I'm just confirming our information.
Hey, didn't everyone call you Peach, because of this color?
Yes.
I couldn't stand it.
There was an asshole who always called me Rosa.
(thinks) "Rosa...!"
Then, we have to understand that, since he left,
he's never been back in the house?
Mm-hm.
No, wait, I forgot to tell you.
I went once, 4 years ago.
To bring them a video game I'd helped develop.
What kind of video game?
Ah, it was just a chess game.
Red and Aoi really liked to play chess.
My fingerprints?
That they found them on the door of the room?
No, that's impossible!
Calm down, I'm just confirming the data we have.
But... Where did you get this?
I swear it's been years since I've been in that house.
Ah!
Yes, wait, now I remember, I think I went there 6 months ago.
And... and maybe I touched the paintings and the utensils in Rojo.
Ah, the Akashi, we all called him Red.
And didn't they call you White, Mr. Naoki?
Eh?
Yes.
Nobody called me Naoki, they called me White.
Ah, I'm sorry.
I have a meeting with my band.
Yes, please, would you mind...?
I'm very sorry, Inspector.
Understood.
We'll come back another day.

(CLEC)
(Phone: ringtone)
Hello, it's me...
Ah, I get it.
You told them that we found your fingerprints
on the lock of the Akashi's door,
and, thus, you made them talk.
-And so?
What did you find out? -Yes.
Well...
There's one who seems very suspicious.
He was very upset,
and he even told us that he had touched the Akashi paintings.
Without coming to tomb.
Wh... who is he, this man?
It's Shiro Naoki.
Shiro Naoki?
Come to think of it, when we went to question him,
I got the impression that he was very nervous.
Yes.
I noticed it too, but we didn't have any evidence to accuse him.
It's very late today.
Let's go to sleep and first thing tomorrow morning we'll go to Naoki's apartment
and ask him to come to the police station.
Do you know what Shusaku Akashi's message means?
Really?
Yes, tonight I slept like a log...
and when I woke up, it was already clear!
And then?
Who is the murderer?
The man you said was very nervous, Shiro Naoki.
The victim appeared sitting in the white chair..,
in front of the red wall.
With this... with this he wanted to tell us that he was in Red.
And the black chair? The black refers to the culprit.
If someone sits in the black chair, what does he see?
Ah!
The white wall!
I get it!
He wanted to tell us that the culprit is Shiro Naoki,
who has the nickname White.
That's right!
(laughing outrageously)
I'm sorry to contradict you, but it seems to me that...
-Deixa'l, Uehara.
It's not worth it.
- (Kogoro: still laughing) MM?
What's the matter?
In front of the house.
Officer, what's going on here?
Kansu, look!
In Komei? Inspector Morofushi.
Hello.
Don't tell me that...
Yes.
I had a feeling and came as fast as I could.
And I found this.
Oh... The red wall.
Yesterday, the killer saw us...
and decided to act before we did.
"Swift as the wind, silent as the forest."
Yes.
"What you have in your hand is sometimes not what you think you have."
-He defeated us. Huh?
What does he say he has, in his hand?
Have you touched something strange?
Father!
"What you have in your hand is sometimes not what you think you have.
Just because you have something in the palm of your hand
doesn't mean you've already secured it.
Eh?
(Think) "We've let our guard down and the killer has gotten rid
the person who held the key to solving this case."
"He will no longer be able to reveal to us... the secret he was hiding."
(Yamato) "The victim's name was Shiro Naoki, he was 36 years old and a musician."
Estimated time of death is last night between 10 and 11 o'clock.
The cause of death is asphyxiation by strangulation.
This is evident.
The victim has been found sitting in a chair,
in front of a cupboard that someone has painted red.
On the floor, next to the victim, there is a spray can.
From all this it is clear...
that the murderer is the same one who closed in Shusaku Akashi
in a room in the house where he lived
and left him there until he starved to death.
Another... red wall.
This wall is another message left by the second victim.
It can't be.
Remember that Shiro Naoki has been strangled to death.
He should have painted before he was killed.
Suppose he met the killer here.
What sense does it make that he would have painted the wall red before?
Well, the only one... who could have painted it...
-It can't be! -Exactly.
I'm sure it was painted by the murderer.
This doesn't make any sense!
How can the killer leave us a message that could give us away?
It doesn't make any sense.
He did it to taunt the police.
Yes.
If the murderer had heard
of the red wall the Akashi painted,
he may have decided to imitate it with the second victim.
I'm convinced he did it to challenge us.
In any case, now we know.
The suspect is one of the former residents
of the house where he lived in Shusaku Akashi.
"Actor Naoki Midorikawa,
"fashion designer Shoji Yamabuki...
"Or computer animation expert
Takuto Momose."
Eh?
Just these 3? Yes.
When we interrogate the 3 men and Shiro Naoki,
we described the crime scene to them.
We told them about the red wall,

and we told them that the Akashi had appeared sitting on a chair.
But what we didn't explain to them was that the chair was white,
and that behind it was a black chair,
and that both were nailed to the floor.
For this reason,
even if the killer tried to imitate
the scene of the Akashi's death, he didn't have all the information...
and could not reproduce it down to the last detail.
It seems to me that the culprit must be scared.
Even though he didn't have all the information,
he wanted to copy the first victim's message.
You're right.
Well, then, let's ask the suspects where they were...
and what they were doing yesterday between 10:00 and 11:00 at night.
But first I'd like to go over all the information we have
with Sleeping Kogoro.
Hey, Komei, do me a favor...
and take the boy and the girl back with your car.
When you warn someone who doesn't want to listen to you,
you'd better not try again.
That way you won't be embarrassed.
Eh?
Kansuke, it seems to me...
you want me to investigate the case with this smart guy.
But this time I have to say no.
I'm sorry, I prefer to work alone.
Mind you, when I've solved the case,
you'll be the first person to know, you have my word.
Goodbye.
(Door: closes)
What did he mean?
Was this a threat, a warning, or what was it?
It seems to me that it is something Confucius said.
When someone does something wrong,
it's good to warn him to change his attitude.
But if that person doesn't want to listen to you, it's better to let it go,
because the more you try, the worse you will feel.
I think he means this.
Who has done something wrong?
Remember that time
you got buried in a snow avalanche in Kansu?
You lost your left eye
and your leg was ruined while chasing a criminal.
As time passed and there was no news from Kansu,
Inspector Morofushi disobeyed the orders of his superiors
and asked for help from the police in another prefecture.
In Morofushi became obsessed with the case
and eventually caught the culprit...
and forced him to confess.
And then, he found Kansu in the hospital.
As punishment for disobeying orders..,
he was transferred to a local police station.
In Kansu owes him his life.
For this reason, she has tried to get the two of us to accompany her,
to prevent her from getting into trouble again.
And you, Conan, you are very clever.
Yes, but that time she disobeyed orders...
because she wanted to find a friend who had disappeared.
This time it's different.
Knowing him, he's capable of doing anything foolish.
Are you familiar with the book "In Komei, from the second A class"?
Yes, I have read it.
"The main character is a boy detective who goes to school
and solves all kinds of cases, right?"
The author of the book is Aoi Kobashi,
the woman who died 3 years ago
of a heart attack in the storage room of the house
and who was married to the Akashi.
The protagonist of the book is inspired
a friend and classmate from that time.
A boy named Takaaki Morofushi.
One... another... the characters in the book
was a boy who went to the next class and had a very bad temper.
Was he...? He must have been inspired by Kansu.
It doesn't matter!
If the motive that has pushed the culprit to commit these two murders
is to avenge the death of the Aoi Kobashi,
"...in Komei he will do anything to solve the case."
"For Komei, the detective novel written by the Aoi
is a precious treasure."
Uehara!
Take a cab and continue to Komei.
I'll go question the suspects with Kogoro.
-Right away. You know I trust you.
But please don't take your eyes off him for a second.
Yes, all right.
Hey, if you don't want Inspector Komei to do anything foolish,
why don't you keep an eye on him?
It seems to me that you're watching him on the sly.
"Last night,
when we went to interrogate the suspect with Inspector Morofushi,
a car followed us.
It was a police car, wasn't it? Yes.
But why... they have to watch it?
When we questioned the 3 suspects, we explained to them...
that at the scene of the first crime there was a red wall.
They know it
and so do all the police officers who are working on the case.

Since the policeman who found the body of the first victim was a friend of Aoi Kobashi's
was a friend of Aoi Kobashi,
it's logical that he's also a suspect.
-What?
Are you implying that...? - Yes.
Inspector Takaaki Morofushi is one of the suspects.
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
What are you saying?
That you've lost track of him, a en Komei?
I'm sure he's heading for the mansion.
Go that way!
What's the message?
What does the message say?
"The deceased... Komei."
It's... it's burning!
The Mansion of Death!
What? Oh... Komei, it can't be...
(Thinks) "Again. He's defeated us again."
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Mansion of Death and the Red Wall (The late Komei)."

