(Shinichi voice) "The Mansion of Hope."
"For a while, 6 young people lived in the house."
"But 3 years ago,
"The only woman in the group had a heart attack and died.
and the Mansion of Hope became the Mansion of Death."
"In the house, there has been another misfortune."
"Someone closed in Shusaku Akashi, the husband of the dead woman.
"In a room,
and left him there until he starved to death."
"Before he died, the Akashi painted one of the walls of the room...
one of the walls of the room."
"What did he mean, all that?"
"We deduced that the culprit must have been one of the four men...
"who had lived in the house,
"And we went to interrogate them with two rival policemen...
"from Nagano Prefecture..:
Inspector Takaaki Morofushi and Inspector Yamato."
"One of the men, Shiro Naoki,
was very nervous and made us suspicious."
"We went to her apartment today and found out that she was murdered."
"Just like at the scene of the first crime,
"The corpse is sitting on a chair,
in front of a wall painted red."
"But, in this case, the chair is not painted white,
and there is no black chair in the room."
"Moreover, it is impossible for the victim to have painted the wall."
"In conclusion, the only one who could have painted it is the murderer."
"Maybe he wants to challenge the police?"
"Or maybe...?"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense."
"The killer attacks Inspector Komei,
who has solved the mystery of the red wall."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
Hey, if you don't want Inspector Komei to do anything foolish,
why don't you keep an eye on him?
It seems to me that you are watching him on the sly.
"Last night,
"When we went to interrogate the suspect with Inspector Morofushi,
we were followed by a car."
It was a police car, wasn't it? Yes.
But why do they have to watch it?
When we interrogated the 3 suspects, we explained to them...
that at the scene of the first crime there was a red wall.
They know it and so do all the police officers
who are working on the case.
As the policeman who found the body of the first victim
was a friend of Aoi Kobashi,
it is logical that he is also a suspect.
-What?!
You mean...? - Yes.
Inspector Takaaki Morofushi...
...is one of the suspects.
"The Mansion of Death and the Red Wall (The late Komei)"
What?
What are you talking about!
No... it can't be.
-Re-really? -Yes.
We just want to confirm where you were last night between 10 and 11,
and what you were doing.
At this time I was in my room,
I was reading a movie script.
When I finished it I went to sleep.
I think it was two in the morning.
Eh, but... they ask me because they suspect me?
It's standard procedure.
Is there anyone who can confirm what you're saying?
Mm... my wife went to bed at 9:00.
And since she's your wife, the alibi wouldn't hold up.
Please... Do you know if he was behaving strangely, Shiro?
Was he more nervous than usual? I don't know.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
But he and Shusaku saw each other often.
Things weren't going well at all, Shiro.
In Shusaku he told me that sometimes he asked him to lend him money.
Ah... Mm...
Do you want to know what he was doing yesterday,
between 10 and 11 o'clock at night?
And now!

Don't tell me that you also suspect that I have killed Shiro.
What do you mean, "too"?
A while ago, a policeman with the eyes and mustache,
came and asked me the same question.
And I told him I was right here, working on my designs.
It was in Komei.
He went ahead of us again.
And in Komei?
You mean this policeman is called Komei?
Yes, everyone calls him Komei,
and you and he had a mutual friend, Aoi Kobashi.
And he's the famous detective in the Aoi's book?
Yes... Lately, have you noticed anything strange about him, Shiro Naoki?
Yes.
It was explained to me that he had money problems.
Oh, yes, something else.
He told me that he wanted to travel abroad.
And I asked him where he was going to get the money.
Mm...
The police again?
I already told your colleague.
Yesterday, between 10 and 11 o'clock I slept on the sofa in the next room.
(He thinks) "In Komei has come to question him."
Is there anyone who can confirm what he says?
Go talk to my friends,
who kept coming in and waking me up.
"But as I covered everything with a blanket,
they won't be able to confirm that it was me."
Understood.
Do you know if your friend Shiro Naoki was behaving strangely?
No idea.
Some time ago he came to beg me to lend him money.
"He took off in a bad way and I haven't seen him since."
Ah, but it seems someone left him the money.
He told me he was going to Italy, to a place called Lecce.
He sent me an e-mail and told me that if he wanted to find it, I should look for it there,
to look for him there.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Lecce, in Italy."
By the way, is it true that the policeman with the slanted eyes....
is the one who inspired Aoi
to create the detective character in your book?
Yes.
And you, how do you know this?
Because in Yamabuki he called me and told me,
and it seems that Midorikawa also knows.
Mm...
Well, then, we've gone to interrogate the 3 suspects...
and now we know... that none of the 3 of them has a solid alibi.
No.
We must solve the mystery of the red wall.
(Shinichi, think) "The red wall."
"If this is the message...
"that he left on Shusaku Akashi before he died,
why did he have to paint it all over?"
"Couldn't he have just written the murderer's name,
for the police to see?"
(He thinks) "Sure, he didn't leave the name of the culprit written....
"Because he knew that the murderer would come into the room...
when he had starved to death."
"I didn't want him to find his name...and erase it."
"Erase the red wall. The wall..."
"Mm, I get it."
- (thud) -Ah!
(thinks) "Komei, you're not needed in this play."
"I'll have to get rid of you."
What are you saying?
That you've lost track of him, Komei?!
-Where was your head, Uehara?! -Where was your head, Uehara?! - "I'm sorry."
Entering the Gojo forest, she sped up and we lost her.
In the Gojo forest?
The house is in the middle of this forest!
I'm sure she's heading for the mansion.
-Go there! - "Yes!"
In Komei has sent me a message.
Maybe he wants to tell you that he's discovered the culprit.
Eh? What is it?
What does the message say?
"The deceased... Komei."
-Hey, that's black humor! - (mobile)
-Hey, Uehara, have you found Komei yet? - "No, not yet."
I've only just arrived at the house.
Oh!
It's-it's burning!
The Mansion of Death!
-What are you talking about!
The house is burning down? -Eh?!
What?! Aaa...
-And where is it, in Komei?
Have you found it yet? -Not yet.
His car is parked in front of the entrance.
When I arrived, the mansion was already burning!
Oh!
Komei, it can't be...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Again! He's beaten us again!"
Inspector Morofushi!
Komei!
If he's inside, he's lost.
(Shinichi) Oh!
You poor thing!
(Komei voice) "When I've solved the case, you'll be the first person to know,
you have my word."
(Think) "You told me you'd call me when you've solved the case!"
-Fuck it! -Hey, where?
No, inspector!
Let it go.
It won't solve anything.
You shut up!
If I don't try, I'll never know.
Listen to me!
Entering the house won't do you any good.
Ko-Komei!

Hey!
What happened to him?
The fire hasn't reached the back yet, I came in through there.
"I found him in the murder room."
Looks like someone hit him on the head.
Who did it, Komei?
Who did it?
He can't feel you.
He's lost consciousness.
But the assailant hit him in the head from behind.
He fell down stunned, and most probably didn't see anything.
But even if he didn't see it,
the assailant could be any one of these people.
Eh?
It can't be!
What are you guys doing here?
-No, listen... -Hey, he summoned us!
-With a cell phone message.
A-a message?
Who sent you this message?
-You, inspector. -What?
"He told us he wanted to confirm something...
and summoned us to the house where he died in Shusaku."
-Didn't he? -Yes, at two o'clock in the afternoon.
And when we arrived we saw that they had set fire to the house.
Didn't you think it was a little strange that he sent them a message?
Yes, I didn't have all the information...
But when I called them, they told me that they had received the same message.
As the 3 messages were identical, we thought they were yours.
-And they came together, all 3 of them? -No.
-The message said to come... separately.
(Ambulance: siren)
(Ambulance: siren) What?
Was it Shiro Naoki's cell phone?
They sent a message from the second victim's cell phone?
(Ambulance: siren) Exactly.
"Last night, the killer killed Shiro Naoki...
and stole his cell phone."
"Then he changed the e-mail address,
and sent the same message to the other two and himself."
I get it.
And the 3 suspects are...
"Naoki Midorikawa, Shoji Yamabuki and Takuto Momose."
If he sent a message to the other two,
the culprit would make sure he wouldn't be the only one without an alibi
when the house caught fire.
But why would he set the house on fire?
Maybe because he realized...
that the red wall the Akashi painted in the room where he died..,
was a message with the culprit's name on it.
And so, he has decided to set fire to the house.
And when there is found in Komei,
he thought that the best way to erase all traces of it
was to burn the house with him in it.
Hey..., what do you mean, the red wall?
You already know, don't you?
Gee, you, I wish I did!
(Mouri) Lethal attack!
Rotating fist! Aaaah!
Ouch!
Conan! Oh...!
Ha!
That's what you get for talking without a clue!
The mansion is completely burned to the ground,
but, fortunately, we still have one more clue left:
the message that Komei sent to my cell phone.
"The late Komei."
But maybe it was sent by the murderer to divert attention.
No, I don't think so.
So that the message was left half-finished,
and earlier she had told the inspector
that he would let her know when he solved the case.
Most likely, Inspector Morofushi has made a discovery.
"And that, while writing a message to Inspector Yamato,
the murderer approached him from behind and stunned him."
"And tried to send it before he fainted."
And why do you say it was half-finished?
"Maybe the killer sent it,
"To make a play on words with the nickname of Morofushi...
and the name of the great strategist Komei Shokatsu."
That's why it says "The late Komei."
The men of en Komei followed him after his death.
Eh?
What does this mean?
"In the midst of battle,
strategist Komei Shokatsu's men stopped the attack."
"Sima Yi was the general of the enemy forces,
"And when he was informed that the strategist had been killed,
he counterattacked with a large contingent of troops."
"But Komei's men followed his orders...
and fought as if he were still alive."
"Suspecting that the strategist was not dead...
"And it had all been a stratagem,
the enemy forces beat a retreat."
The power and influence of one person
can frighten people even after his death.
He-he...!
One possibility is that the message "the deceased Komei"
refers to the victim who died of starvation,
while the culprit is still alive.
"Another is that the Akashi would have painted on the wall....
"To scare the murderer,
and that he would have nailed the chairs to the floor for the same reason."

But it is very difficult to know.
It is true.
But there is something I don't understand.
When he killed Shiro Naoki,
the killer painted the wall red.
But he left out the other elements of the message
left by the first victim.
(Shinichi, think) "If he only painted the wall red...
"To provoke the police...,
how could he know?"
"How could he know that he wouldn't give himself away,
if he reproduced the message the Akashi had left?"
What if the killer's motive was not to avenge the death of the Aoi Kobashi?
Maybe it's something to do with the color red,
and that's why he painted the wall red.
No.
The motive is to avenge the Aoi's death.
"Make memory."
3 years ago, the Aoi went to look for something in the mansion's storage room."
She had a heart attack.
She died because her husband was too busy to go looking.
The same thing was done to him.
"The killer locked him in the room and let him starve to death."
Man, I don't see it so clearly.
It seems that, on the same day he died,
Aoi Kobashi called the 4 friends she had shared the mansion with:
The 3 suspects and Shiro Naoki, the second victim.
"I wanted to ask them if they knew where was a portrait
that Akashi had painted for him, and then put away."
So the Aoi was looking for it in the storage room the day he died?
Yes.
He was looking for his portrait.
"It seems that he also went to ask Shusaku,
"But he told her he was working on a very important painting...
and he practically set her up."
Every year, for his birthday,
the Aoi would fetch this portrait and he would hang it in his room.
"But he died the day before his birthday,
and it is possible that someone wants to avenge his death."
Well, if Komei regains consciousness....,
we'll know whether the message "the late Komei" was sent by him
or it was sent by someone else.
If it was him,
I think I know what he means.
A little while ago, a doctor came in...
and he told me that if he hasn't woken up by tomorrow..,
they'll have to do more tests.
We understand.
I apologize.
I've taken her here but she hasn't been able to do her job yet.
Don't suffer, I'm the one who has to apologize to you.
It seems to me that what I really wanted to do was
to ask for help to this boy with glasses that we have here in front of us.
Yes.
I thought he was the ideal person to take a look at Komei.
"When he becomes obsessed with a case,
"he starts going round and round in circles and loses sight of the world."
"When he thinks he's found the answer, he's capable of any nonsense."
He won't listen to you or to me, but to him...,
an innocent child, maybe he'll listen to you and calm down a little.
This time he wanted to go his own way, and you see what happened to him.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It seems to me that I haven't been of much use to them."
When he solves the mystery of the red wall, he'll be the first to know.
All right.
-Doctor, how is she, my wife? -Everything went well.
-The operation was a success.
En-Ah...
What are you looking at, Ran? Ah, nothing.
I'd like to know how come
that surgeons' caps and gowns are always green.
Eh?
And the other doctors and nurses always wear white coats.
Yes, that's true.
Why are you interested?
Because this case has to do with colors,
and when I saw the surgeon's gown,
I realized that I don't know why they're green.
Hey, I can explain it to you.
The surgeon's gowns are green
because during operations they see a lot of blood.
If you stare at something red...
...you can create...... an optical illusion.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I get it."
"If we want to decipher the Akashi's posthumous message,
we can't just look at the red wall."
To decipher the message, we must also consider the white wall.
Why... why are they making this face?
(Shinichi, think) "The Mansion of Hope...
hid a terrible secret."
"Someone locked the painter Shusaku Akashi in a room...
and left him to starve to death."
"Inexplicably, the victim painted red...
one of the walls of the room."
"In the room there were two chairs nailed to the floor,
one white and one black."

"The Akashi's corpse appeared sitting on the white chair,
facing the red wall."
"That looked like some kind of posthumous message from the victim."
"The trigger for the drama could be the death of the Aoi Kobashi,
the Akashi's wife."
"Three years ago, the Aoi had a heart attack in the storage room of the house....
and died alone."
"But the killer didn't stop."
"When we had barely begun the investigation, Shiro Naoki,
a former resident of the mansion, was found strangled in his apartment."
"He was sitting in a chair,
and someone had painted the front closet doors red."
"Yes..., the culprit had reproduced...
the crime scene of the first victim."
"Maybe he wanted to challenge the police?"
"Of the 6 residents of the house,
3 are still alive and all 3 are suspects."
"Actor Naoki Midorikawa;
fashion designer Shoji Yamabuki."
"And computer animation expert Takuto Momose."
"The killer's name must be somewhere,
hidden in Shusake Akashi's posthumous message."
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
In Shiro Naoki said one thing:
That he would soon go to a city in Italy called Lecce.
And a fantastic idea just came to me.
I have an idea too.
Write a word that represents this idea,
and then show it to him with the cell phone.
Just as I thought.
It's the strategy of the strong vacuum.
"Don't miss 'The Mansion of Death and the red wall....
(The strategy of the strong void '."

