"The Mansion of Death has been the scene of two tragedies."
"The Aoi Kobashi died of a heart attack, and 3 years later,
"Someone locked her husband in a room
and left him to starve to death."
"Before he died,
Akashi painted one of the walls of the room red."
"What message did he want to send us?"
"Shortly after we interrogated the former residents of the house,
one of them, musician Shiro Naoki, was found murdered in his apartment."
"Just like the first victim, he was sitting in a chair,
facing a red wall."
"Inspector Morofushi had been a classmate of Aoi's."
"In spite of Inspector Yamato's warnings.
"who had also been classmates with both of them,
he goes to investigate the case alone."
"At Yamato he receives an enigmatic message from Inspector Morofushi,
who says only: 'The late Komei'."
"The Mansion of Death is surrounded by flames."
"At the last instant,
"Agent Yui Uehara rescues Inspector Morofushi,
who has been knocked unconscious because someone has stunned her."
"She will not be able to tell us the meaning of the message."
"The case seems unsolvable."
"But a chance remark by Ran sends a glimmer of light into the mystery."
"The key is..."
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the suspenseful hour."
"We are approaching the climax:
it's time to solve the mystery of the red wall."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
(Think) "I get it."
"If we want to decipher the Akashi's posthumous message,
we can't just look at the red wall."
"The Mansion of Death and the red wall.
(The strategy of the empty fort)"
I get it.
That's why he painted the chairs in the room.
"One in white, and one in black."
Mm-hm.
Looks like at the Akashi, the first victim,
"He liked to play chess."
What I don't understand is why the killer bothered to paint the second victim's wall red.
the second victim's wall red.
"If he did,
it's because he was convinced we couldn't decipher the message."
The message is somewhere else! It's not on the red wall!
And, apart from the killer, the only thing who knew where to find this message...
...was the second victim, Shiro Naoki.
At last.
He's finally come to the same conclusion as me.
Ko-Komei! Inspector, you've finally woken up!
Are you all right now?
Are you sure you can get up?
Yes.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
All right then, let's catch the culprit!
But this is like making a rice cake just by drawing on the floor.
Huh?
Our deductions are rice cakes drawn on the ground.
I'm sorry, but they're not edible.
What you mean is that we don't have any proof.
But Shiro Naoki said one thing:
That he would soon go to a city in Italy called Lecce.
"And that if anyone wanted to find him, they had to go looking right there."
Yes.
That makes a lot of sense.
-I've got a fantastic idea. -I've got an idea too.
Hey, stop the cart!
We'll take care of this case.
No, this case is mine.
I propose something.
Write down a word that represents this idea
and then show it to them with the cell phone.
Like Komei and Zhou Yu did
before the Battle of the Red Cliff.
-I think it's good. -Come on, let's get to the point.
Eh? Oh...
-That's it. -Ready, set...
Just as I thought.
It's the strategy of the empty fort.
(We're starting to get a little fed up, Inspector.
We've been summoned many times. There's no way to work like this.

For a few years, we lived together in that mansion, that's true.
If our alibis for last night are a little shaky,
it's purely coincidental.
And if we were in the house when the fire broke out,
it's because someone summoned all three of us separately.
And we thought the message was from you!
We still don't know who sent them.
But it seems that the second victim, Shiro Naoki,
had discovered something.
-Do you know what it could be? -No.
I just know he needed money.
Yes, but he told us he was going on a trip.
That's true.
In a city in Italy called Lecce.
Maybe he wanted to hide something important,
and he thought the best way was to spend shoe soles
and go far, far away.
In Shiro Naoki also said that if anyone wanted to find him,
to go look for it in the city of Lecce.
Spending shoe soles?
I say that because Italy is shaped like a boot, right?
It doesn't matter! Eh?
Next time you want to interrogate us...
...try to have some more solid evidence, please.
We don't have all the time in the world.
-Adeu. -Goodbye, all the best.
We've already planted the seeds.
Now all we can do is sit and wait.
The last part of the journey always takes a long time.
We can't let our guard down.
No.
We have come too far to fail.
(Dog: gunwale)
(barking)
(Radio: male) "Attention, attention! On all units."
"They just robbed a cab driver..."
(Think) "Shit! I thought so."
"There are police officers everywhere."
"Even in the back."
What?
A cab driver?
Is it far away?
No.
We have to go that way.
"What's going on? The cops are leaving?"
"Now I can get into Shiro's apartment."
Hip!
Hip!
AAAI...
(thinks) "No, wait."
"There's a drunk sitting on the floor in front of the entrance."
"And this man with the mask, he's been walking around here for a while."
"One of them could be an undercover cop."
Sir!
If you sleep here in the street, you'll catch cold.
Shut up!
Leave me alone!
You idiot!
My boss is an idiot!
(Think) "This one sure isn't a cop."
(Girl) Hey, are you sure you're all right?
Can I give you a ride home?
(Drunk) Yeah!
We can still go to a couple of bars!
Aah!
-You hurt yourself? -Oops.
I'm sorry about that.
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
I broke my bed. !!!!
-Really?
You broke it? -What?
You bastard!
You'll pay me a million yen for what you've done to me!
A-a million yen!
But I don't have that kind of money!
-Then give me your wallet! -Auxiiiili!!!
(Think) "Oh! He's mugging!"
"If the man in the mask were a policeman, I would have come to help him."
(Hums)
Ha-ha-ha!!!
Come on, let's go to another bar...
Come on, king.
What shall I tell my wife?
"What? The man in the mask is an underwear thief!"
He-he-he-he!!!
"Hey! He's jumped Shiro's balcony!"
"Oh! He's crazy!"
"If he comes in to steal... The policemen guarding the pillar building."
"They're gone."
"That's right, someone robbed a cab driver and they had to leave."
"A drunk robbery man
and an underwear thief and an apartment thief."
"I can rest easy now. The police are not watching the apartment."
"I take advantage of the fact that they're not there and take it."
"But in what? In what? In what shoe have you hidden it?"
Are you looking for... Eh?
...this shoe?
This one is different.
Oh!
The heel can be removed.
Look what's in here!
It looks to me like a cell phone memory card.
Yes.
It's right in the same place where Lecce is, in the heel of the shoe.
Too bad he couldn't have found it before we did,
Mr. Naoki Midorikawa.
Who... who the hell are you?
Come on, man, we already know each other!
Don't you remember?
Conan Edogawa, detective.
Ah!
It's that kid!
-I imagine... -... that of the five of us...
-... you also remember..., -... don't you?
And the mugger and the apartment robber I saw a while ago...
Ah.
The strategy of the empty fort.
The strategy of the... empty fort?

If you see police cars leaving,
chances are you suspect that there are still undercover officers.
But if people on the street are doing the opposite
of what a police officer would do,
"If they start behaving like criminals and commit a crime,
then they will be more inclined to forget precautions."
The strategy of the strong vacuum is to deliberately let your guard down.
It's about luring the enemy, and once you have him in range,
you attack it and defeat it.
This means that we have passed the hand over his face.
At the police station, when the boy said about the shoe,
they really wanted to make me come to the apartment and set me up.
(Kansuke) No.
We were sure that sooner or later, I would end up coming.
There was something I didn't understand.
That the killer had left the same message
that the first victim left.
"At the scene of the second crime, what was the point of that?"
"Unless, in fact, the red wall wasn't the original message
left by the first victim."
(Komei) "Exactly."
"If the wall was painted neither by the victim nor by the murderer,
"but a third person,
it would be logical to leave a red wall
at the scene of the second crime, to throw the police off the scent.
Does this mean that the third person was Shiro Naoki?
Yes.
The Akashi left a message written on the wall,
and someone painted over it.
Most likely he wrote it in katakana characters.
"My killer is in Naoki."
And you, in Naoki Midorikawa killed the Akashi.
It all fits.
When Shiro Naoki went to ask for money from the Akashi,
he found the message written on the wall.
"He thought it was accusing him,
so he painted it all the same color."
If he had written it with Chinese ideograms,
Naoki would not have made this mistake.
It has an explanation.
If you write a message with spray paint,
the details of the ideograms are lost.
And as Shiro Naoki spray-painted the entire wall with the red spray paint,
he noticed a detail he hadn't taken into account.
"The 'Naoki' that appeared written to the message was not his last name,
"It was the name of a person whom the Akashi never called by color:
'it referred to you, in Naoki Midorikawa.'"
And then he took a picture of the half-erased name with his cell phone
and decided to blackmail him.
-Am I right? -Aaa... Yes.
It's true.
In Shiro made me come to his apartment,
and I... strangled him.
If I hadn't gone into the room where he had locked in Shusaku....
If I'd painted the wall before Shiro...
Sir, I don't think you know what you mean, the red wall.
Eh?
The posthumous message would only be finished
when the killer spray-painted the entire wall red.
Wha... what does this mean?
The retroimatge of the complementary color.
The "retroimatge"?
When we stare at a color, if we then look away, we will have the sensation of seeing the complementary color,
we will have the sensation of seeing the complementary color of the one we were looking at.
"For example, isn't the surgeons' gown green?"
"During operations they see a lot of blood,
"And the retroimatge of its complementary, the green one,
can bother them."
"The green gown serves to soften the optical effect."
The message of the red wall was only complete
with the retroimatge of the complementary color.
In the crime room, the white chair faced the red wall,
the black one, on the white wall, and both were nailed to the floor.
This was the key to deciphering the message.
Shusaku Akashi liked to play chess.
The white figure moves first, and then the black one.
"After spending some time sitting in the white chair.
"Looking at the red wall,
"If you sit in the black chair and look at the other wall,
"You have the sensation of seeing the complementary color of red:
On the white wall, a green spot appears."
The color green.
Sounds like your last name, Mr. Midorikawa.
For this reason, the Akashi threw the other paintings out the window.
"And only left the red spray paint:
because the wall couldn't be painted any other color."
The Akashi thought that you would be the first one to enter the room
once you had starved to death
and, logically, would want to erase what he had left written on the wall.

But you left it all set up so that you could give yourself away
by painting the whole wall red.
This was your posthumous message.
Yes, like Komei's men,
who followed his orders after he was dead.
That's right.
So if I painted the entire wall...
I can't believe it.
He painted over a very valuable portrait,
and let an extraordinary person die, and yet...
Pa-talk about the portrait of the Aoi?
"Yes, the portrait that the Aoi was looking for when he had the heart attack,
and that I had painted for him in Shusaku a long time ago."
The portrait has appeared!
It was under someone else's portrait, which I bought a year ago!
Under a portrait?
I bought it because it looked a little like Aoi.
I had to check it out.
"I had it X-rayed,
and I discovered that underneath that figure
was the portrait of the Aoi!
In Shusaku had the little shame to cover up the portrait of the Aoi
to paint another portrait on top of it!
No!
It can't be...
I know that in Shusaku he didn't start selling his paintings
until two or three years ago!
I know that at that time he was the only one he could do,
because he was so poor that he had no money... not even to buy a canvas!
Why didn't he tell her that he had painted over the portrait?
If he had told her, she should not have died alone.
Why did he spend so much time locked up in that room,
without stopping painting!
He locked himself in there so that she would realize what he had done,
so that he would understand how the Aoi felt!
"The day after the death of the Aoi ?
"I went to the house and I saw that they had made a bonfire
to burn a painting."
"It was a portrait of the Aoi, with the paint still wet."
You mean the Akashi had been shut down for painting this picture?
I'm sure it was the same one.
"He locked himself in the room to finish the portrait of the Aoi
in time for his birthday, which was the next day."
Oh.
It can't be.
It can't be!
No!
Oh, my God!
What have I done?
Aoi.
Shusaku.
You can't interfere in a relationship.
Every couple has its secrets,
and anyone who tries to upset the balance of feelings..,
is making a grave mistake.
Terashite kureta Hikari
Kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Owari Naki ay wo kimi ni sasagou.

Donna ni kujikesou na toki mo.
Kimi ga soba ni ite kureta él.
"Daijoubu" kimi no hitogoto de.
Boku wa nando demo mata aruki daseta.
Kimi ga terashite kureta Hikari
kondo wa boku ga terasu kara.
Kono koe to Kono hitomi de Kitto.
Yasashii nukumori wo kanjita
tomoshibi nido to tayasanai you ni Itsu datte.
Towa no chikai Subete kimi ni sasagu kara.
All right, Komei, you can close the case now.
Yes.
The mystery of the red wall, you've solved it, so what do you know.
The case report, you must sign it.
Is that okay with you?
-Of course, I thought so. Huh?
When I endorsed this child,
you told everyone you did it because you wanted me to keep a close eye on myself.
But if that's why you did it, you would have risked too much,
because I was on the list of suspects.
Actually, you didn't doubt my innocence for a second,
but you're going to handle it because the boy accompanied me during the investigation.
Eh?
You wanted him to help me solve the mystery.
What are you talking about?
He's just a brat.
The red wall of the second crime scene puzzled us,
and we thought the culprit wanted to defy the police.
But this child kept a cool head.
It seems to me that the culprit must be scared.
Even though he didn't have all the information
I wanted to copy the first victim's message.
Thanks to your comment,
we were able to discover the meaning of the red wall,
and we have found the definitive proof.
"In Conan he has linked the Italian city of Lecce
with Shiro's shoe."
Your plan was to help me solve this case,
because I've been granted a transfer
at the Nagano prefectural police station,
but I want it on record that I didn't ask for it.
If you had been in my place, I know you would have done exactly the same thing.
Maybe so, but I would have acted more intelligently...
and you wouldn't have noticed my maneuvers.
Oh, really?
Well, your loss.
I'll sign the report.
As far as I'm concerned, you can rot in that hole.
(Dog: borda)

(Thinking) "You know what, Kansuke?"
"You don't know how grateful I am to you for introducing me to this child."
"He made me remember something. It's an excerpt from a very special book."
"It's a book I love very much,
with all my heart."
"And the child," with a serene stall,
"As if his eyes could pierce the mist of lies,
began to speak and reveal the hidden truth."
"Exactly, like the famous strategist Komei Shokatsu."
The rainbow mark has become super trendy.
It's been hijacked!
"The black bow."
What is the DIE?
The Special Investigations Department of the Central Services.
That's enough!
I don't understand why you had to come.
You said you wanted to go camouflaged and we wanted your camouflage.
(Think) "Always and everywhere."
"We don't know when or where the kidnappers might show up."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A kidnapping in the colors of the rainbow'."

