(Woman) "Always and everywhere,
the bag you need is called Nijimura."
"Does your bag get wet? No problem. Get it once? Don't be afraid."
"Always and everywhere, when you need a sturdy, waterproof and stylish bag,
waterproof and stylish, Nijimura."
"Always and everywhere, the bag you need is called Nijimura."
Nijimura bags are very successful, aren't they?
Yes, they are easy to recognize,
because they always carry the colors of the rainbow.
Ah.
And that sells so much?
Yes, very much.
Nijimura bags are very resistant and waterproof.
Look: see this zipper?
You can see that it's like the ones used for diving suits.
It's so watertight that even if you drop the bag in the water, what's inside won't get wet,
what you carry inside doesn't get wet.
Yeah, right...
Now, this brand is not made for us,
because there's a zero... no, two zeros too many on the label.
I thought I'd find a sachet that was a bit better priced,
but I see I didn't.
Shut up!
We're here because the president of this company
wants to run an errand for me.
When I've solved the case, I'll be able to buy you a bag,
a skunk or whatever is convenient.
(Thinking) "A skunk wants to buy you?" Sorry to keep you waiting.
Mr. Nijimura will be at the store in a moment.
- (man) Help! -Who's calling?
Conan!
Let go of me!
Let go of me!
-Auxili! -Mr. Nijimura!
She's been kidnapped!
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense!"
"A dark storm ends with a rainbow hidden in a bag."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"A kidnapping of rainbow colors."
We set up roadblocks within five minutes of the incident,
but we didn't find the car you told us about.
Maybe he didn't read the license plate correctly.
That's impossible.
By the way, who are you?
I'm Inspector Katsuragi and I'm with the DIE, Mr. Mouri.
What is the SIU?
The Department of Special Investigations,
which belongs to Central Services.
It's a unit that deals with very difficult cases,
such as kidnappings or hostage robberies.
Uh!
You're very knowledgeable, you little boy.
I'd like to know what a kid like you is doing in a place like this.
Don't get mad.
I've been a witness to what happened.
That's all it is.
Don't you worry.
We won't bother you as long as you get the job done.
I'm very sorry, Mr. Mouri, but I have to ask you to leave.
Kidnapping for ransom cases are our business.
And who's to say this is a kidnapping for ransom case?
It is.
Now it is confirmed.
Read this.
They found it right now in the mailbox.
Excuse me, but who are you?
My name is Saki and I'm Mr. Nijimura's wife.
I'm also the vice president of the company.
Let's see what it says...?
"We have kidnapped Mr. Nijimura; if you want to see him alive again,
put one hundred million yen in a Nijimura bag...
to be carried by his wife according to our instructions."
"At two o'clock you have to go to Ikebukuro Station
to catch a Blue Sky train
to the last stop on the line, Okuho."
"Keep in mind that there will always and everywhere
there will be someone keeping a close eye on you."
"If we detect the presence of any police, our hostage will die."
"Signed: The Black Rainbow."
Damn these people!
They're asking for a hundred million yen ransom?
Do you have any idea who it might have been?
The truth is we've always had a very serious problem.

with copies of our products.
Just now we have denounced the companies that copy us.
Perhaps there is some copier who wants to take revenge for these complaints.
I wouldn't be surprised,
because the hijackers have also copied Nijimura's slogan:
the famous "always and everywhere".
In addition, they sign the letter with the name Black Rainbow.
You can tell these people are brand copyists.
Do not continue.
We are taking over this case.
-Go ahead and tell us right now. -One second.
My husband got in touch with Mr. Mouri
to ask him to look for evidence to pursue the charges.
Besides, I'm afraid to go around the world with a hundred million yen on my person.
and I'd like to bring a bodyguard.
You can count on me.
-If you want, I'll take you there myself.
(Woman) "Don't be afraid, always and everywhere,
when you need a sturdy, waterproof and elegant bag, Nijimura."
That's enough... I don't understand why you had to come.
You said you wanted to go camouflaged and we your camouflage.
Oh, how nice!
Let's go hiking!
(Think) "Always and everywhere."
"We don't know when or where the hijackers might show up."
We are inside the train.
(Megaphone: woman) "Next stop: Okuho, end of line."
"Correspondence with Kosuho Express and Toto Okuho lines."
Come on, let's go, we've got to get going. That's right.
Come on, let's go, then.
Yes, come on.
-What did they tell you? -What did they tell you?
To take the other train.
-Other train?
- (siren)
Go, hurry!
Wow!
That just missed us, didn't it? But we haven't missed it.
Otherwise, we would have had to wait a long time.
Lucky we caught it.
(Flow) I'll go now.
Oh, how it runs!
(Let me see the paper.
"Take the line of Toto Okuho
"and, when it passes through the middle of the Nakatoro Bridge,
throw the bag out the window."
(Siren) What?
(Siren) What is this?
A mermaid.
Wow, they're emptying the swamp!
-Now I see what their plan is.
To make the water carry away the ransom.
(Thinking) "Sure, that's why they wanted the ransom...
to go inside a Nijimura bag, sturdy and waterproof."
What a well thought out system.
Warn the others, the ones downriver.
Tell them to start looking.
All right, then.
Are you all right, you? Yes, I'm fine.
I'm sure your husband will be all right.
Thank you very much.
(Thinking) "What's wrong? Why am I not at all calm?"
"This gives me a bad feeling."
You still haven't been able to find the bag?
(Thinking) "All right.
Well, keep looking for it.
It looks like the water has ruined the mini-transmissor
we've stuck on the label.
"Unfortunately, the hunch I had was soon confirmed."
"With the opening of floodgates, the river had swollen
and had carried the bag five kilometers downstream."
"But it was empty."
"Surely the kidnappers had taken the hundred million ransom."
"All we could do was wait for the hostage to be released."
"The next morning they found Mr. Nijimura murdered
inside the stolen car they had used to kidnap him."
My love, why?
I am very sorry.
We will do our best to solve the case.
But what do you say?!
You say what you want, I don't believe it!
The kidnapper saw that there were policemen hanging around.
-That's why he killed her!
-He couldn't have seen us.
-He was well camouflaged.
-Madam, calm down, please. -It's your fault.
It's your fault.
You saw the kidnapper!
-He's incompetent!
-I...
(Knock at the door)
Inspector! Good evening.
We have more information about your husband's murder, madam.
What is it?
According to the coroner's report, Mr. Nijimura's death...
occurred yesterday between 11:00 and 12:00 noon.
Is that so?
I don't understand.
She was abducted at half past ten.
What a criminal!
As a hostage is a problem, she decided to eliminate him immediately.
Therefore, when she asked for the ransom, she knew she would not get him back alive.
What a beast!
Let's see... What are you looking at, Conan?
What are you looking at, Conan?
Hey, don't touch anything, brat.

An important detail: the name tag is missing.
Let it be though, kiddo.
You see.
Sorry, father.
Come with me, Conan, pretty boy.
Oh...
It has become clear that the kidnapper
is an unscrupulous and calculating person.
This is a murder case, Katsuragi,
we'll add to the investigation.
Very well, I agree.
It's a very hard time, but even now one thing is very clear to me:
that the best thing I can do is to get in front of the Nijimura Company
and always work to maintain the prestige
that my husband and I have given it.
And on the subject of companies
that copy our products in order to cheat our esteemed customers
to cheat our esteemed customers,
I would just like to say that I call on the Administration to make more efforts
to completely eradicate this very serious crime.
Where do you want to go now, father? Where do you want me to go?
Going through the scenarios of a crime again
is a practice that usually pays off.
Yes, and I will come too. What?
No, you're not coming.
When it's you, I can't work.
I remind you that I was the first to arrive at the crime scene,
Mr. Mouri.
If you miss any details, I will not adore you.
Didn't you understand that I told you that you won't come?
Four eyes see more than two, six see more than four.
I was also one of the first witnesses.
Do not think that I will let you go alone.
I'm not going to let you go alone.
"The incident started here."
How distressing, when I think of him being kidnapped in front of us,
it gives me goose bumps.
(Thinking) "The police immediately set up roadblocks,
but they couldn't find the kidnapper."
"Mrs. Nijimura took a Blue Sky train with the ransom money."
"Here, at Okuho station, she changed trains."
"Surely, the change of trains...
was a diversionary maneuver by the kidnapper."
"Then, when the second train was halfway across the Nakatoro Bridge, he threw the ransom bag over the bridge...
he threw the ransom bag out the window."
"Then the floodgates of the swamp above were opened,
the water suddenly rose and carried the bag away."
"The police found it five kilometers downstream,
but the kidnapper had already taken the ransom money."
By the way, the tag that had a minitransmissor on it?
disappeared from the bag, didn't it?
The current was very strong
and the bag was hit so many times that the tag must have fallen off.
The flash flood of the river was impressive,
but it's amazing that he was able to carry
a ten-kilogram bag for five kilometers.
Yes.
Mrs. Nijimura had to carry a lot of weight.
(Thinking) "Now I remember a detail."
-If you like, I'll carry it.
-No need, thank you.
(Thinking) "How strong!"
"But how strong!"
Oh!
It's already stopped ploure.
How nice!
-Hey, look over there! -The rainbow.
How beautiful!
Red, pumpkin, yellow, green, green, blue, indigo, violet....
(thinks) "Now! Now I get it."
- (telephone) -Say.
This is Mrs. Nijimura.
"Good morning. Soc Kogoro Mouri."
"I've already found out that you kidnapped and murdered your husband."
What?
Are you sure?
"The statements you made to the press have given me a clue."
Tomorrow morning to reveal the truth on the banks of the river,
under the bridge where you throw the bag.
Goodbye.
What did you say?
Have you already found the culprit?
Do you really mean it, inspector?
What do you say, Mr. Mouri?
Tonight under the bridge?
Okay. (Shinichi voice)
(Shinichi voice) The last act begins.
Wow! (Shinichi voice) Oh!
Is that you?
This is the ransom?
I don't understand.
I thought the current had taken the money bag.
Explain to us what happened, Mr. Mouri.
I was going to ask you the same thing, inspector.
I would like to know why...
(Mouri voice) The bag they found downstream was a fake bag.
If you throw a bag in a river when they empty a swamp,
you'd think that the current would carry it away
a good chunk of the river downstream.
Here's their diversionary maneuver.
Inspector Takagi, please empty the bag.
Okay, okay, okay.
Gee, it's still heavy.
I don't understand why it's so heavy now that it's empty.
What the ?!
Oh!

This is lead!
What does it say now?
What does it say now? Yes.
This hidden lead plate weighs many kilograms
and has caused the bag to stay at the foot of the bridge until now.
Mrs. Nijimura wanted us to believe
that the fake bag that the police found
five kilometers down the river was the real one.
When she learned that I would reveal the truth here tomorrow morning, she came here immediately to retrieve the money,
he immediately came here to get the money back
and, incidentally, to retrieve the bag, because if we had seen it, we should have realized that the empty bag was the real one,
we should have realized that the empty bag the police found downstream was not a Nijimura, but a Nijimura.
was not a Nijimura, but a copy.
Was it a copy? An imitation bag?
Although they looked very much alike,
the fake bag had a slightly different rainbow.
Didn't it?
This kidnapping, when it started, seemed strange enough to me.
The kidnapper didn't have to make much effort
to get Mr. Nijimura into the van.
But it's not strange, because the kidnapping was a set-up by the couple.
They wanted a detective like me, Kogoro Mouri,
to witness their comedy.
The police immediately set up roadblocks
to locate the van,
but they quickly hid it in a garage nearby.
And then you killed Mr. Nijimura...
in that very garage.
The rest of the setup was entirely up to you.
You sent the ransom letter yourself...
and made it look as if you were receiving the kidnapper's instructions
in the middle of the crowd of people boarding the train...
because we thought the kidnapper had been there.
Tell me one thing:
Why did you use a fake bag
to make it appear downstream?
If you had used a real one,
we wouldn't have seen any difference and we wouldn't have discovered his plan.
He wouldn't have done it for the world, not this, no.
Eh?
Any Nijimura product is like a son to me.
I love them.
I couldn't have done any harm.
I couldn't bear it!
That's why he used a fake.
Of course he did.
These forgeries have done us a lot of harm.
If they only knew how much money they have made us lose!
That's why I couldn't stand
that my husband had dealings with counterfeiters and got paid by them.
On top of that, he gambled with them and got himself into debt.
That's why he wanted to make it look like he was being kidnapped to get paid.
and I played along, but then I killed him.
I created this brand with my designs.
If it were not for me, it would not exist.
I just wanted to recover my life's work!
"Always and everywhere."
"As she had created those handbags,
she knew they would protect the hundred million yen in the river water,
even if they emptied the swamp."
"Confidence in her products pushed her to commit a crime."
"She took a risk and lost."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Eh?
Oh!
Look what a rainbow!
Conan!
Father!
What? What?
What? What?
(thinks) "This man is crushing my head."
I must crush this organization
even if it means sacrificing you.
If we had the Akai,
we wouldn't be scared to death of a guy like Bourbon.
We're not scared to death, you feel?
Besides, in Shuichi Akai is dead.
Shuichi.
(Think) "A feature?" It can't be.
(Thinks) "A heist."
"Don't miss the next episode:"
" 'The Junior Detective League vs. the robbery gang.
The Stir '."

