"Friday the 13th."
"On that day, a man lost his life:
Shuichi Akai, an FBI agent."
"On that occasion, the FBI prevented...
"the Men in Black Organization from executing its plan...
"to assassinate Yasuteru Domon...
"And captured a member of the Organization..,
TV anchorwoman Rena Mizunashi."
"But it turned out that she was an undercover CIA spy..."
"We managed to fool the Organization.
"When I was looking to retrieve Rena Mizunashi,
"And this allowed
that she could infiltrate again without arousing suspicion."
"But, in order to prove her innocence,
she was ordered to charge into Shuichi Akai."
"So, she cited the Akai on Raiha Road."
(Pistol: CLEC)
I didn't think you would go this far.
Even I was surprised... that everything went... so well.
"So, the FBI...
"It brought down an iron curtain around these events...
and never lifted it again."
"At Rena, he was left with a wound etched in his heart
that can never be erased."
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at the hour of suspense!"
"The Junior Detective League and a gang of robbers."
"The FBI trembles over the bank affair. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"The Junior Detective League vs. the robbery gang.
The uproar."
(Male) Please let it be, sir.
You're too old to be celebrating anniversaries, man.
Au.
Don't talk like that.
We'll just have a little drink to celebrate.
-But I just... You don't need to suffer so much, Camel.
The Organization's research is dragging on
and we have to take advantage of opportunities to rest.
Obviously, this is on you, isn't it, James?
Yes.
Well, now that we know, it's time to choose a good wine.
Come on, come on!
Don't pick a very expensive one, eh?
Oh! (Rena)
(Rena) "A new member of the Organization
has started to move in!"
He's good at gathering information, has great observation skills...
and a frightening acumen to investigate thoroughly.
-His code name is...- Bourbon....
Eh?
It's been a while since Rena Mizunashi gave us that information
after infiltrating the Organization again.
That guy with the detective's features... hasn't been seen yet.
No.
Surely, the target in Bourbon
is that girl they called Sherry inside the Organization.
Judging by the events that have been unfolding,
it wouldn't surprise me at all if the Organization thinks
that we, the FBI, are collaborating directly with her.
I took it for granted that she would
would get in touch with us somehow, but no, she did not.
Because, some time ago,
the FBI ambushed them
using a bug identical to the one that was planted by that girl
to lure the Organization out of its burrow
and lure it to the Mouri Detective Agency.
And, furthermore, I understand that it was that guy, Conan Edogawa,
who set him up.
Come to think of it, he liked bourbon too.
-Huh? -I'm talking about the Akai.
He was the one who shot those guys,
"When we made them stick their little heads out
from a building over 600 yards away, right?"
What?
Did I screw up?
No, no, it's true that he did, but...
If we had the Akai,
we wouldn't be scared to death of a guy like Bourbon.
We are not scared to death, you feel?
We're just waiting for the Organization to get impatient and make a move!
Besides, in Shuichi Akai is dead!

Don't ever mention it again!
-I'm returning the car! - Ok...
You have to be a little more tactful!
For her, the Akai was more than just a co-worker of the FBI,
everyone knows that...
Understood.
"How! Have you started dating?"
You and the Akemi Miyano,
that girl with ties to the Organization you were telling me about?
Yes.
-And that's why I want you to talk to her. -Wait a minute, Shuichi!
You're supposed to go out with her because you're undercover.
We don't have to cut ourselves off either, do we?
I have to crush this organization
even if it means sacrificing you.
I'm not a smart enough man to appreciate two women at the same time.
(Thinking) "I wouldn't have minded."
"I had enough if we could work together."
"Shuichi, why?"
"Why are you going to leave us so soon...?"
"Shuichi?"
Wait, please.
Shuichi, wait for me!
Shuichi!
Shuichi!
"I'm sure. It's Shuichi."
"But he's supposed to be dead."
"It can't be! It's someone who looks like him? I have to check it out!"
"I have to see and check!"
What's wrong with you, Jodie?
I don't remember parking our car in these alleys.
Ah... It's nothing...
Don't tell me you've seen someone from the Organization around here.
Of course I haven't.
No-just... I got lost.
By the way, have you acquired a good brew?
Well, I haven't...
My credit card can't be used in that store.
And I don't have enough yen on me, see.
I'm sorry, Jodie, but... Could you pay the bill?
Me?!
I thought I'd go to the bank and get some money because my wallet is empty!
-What a pity... -All right, I'll go to the nearest bank.
Wait for me at the liquor store.
Excuse us, please.
"Bullshit! Bullshit!" It was someone else!"
"It was a vision." It wasn't Shuichi!"
Blow!
Will you save all your New Year's allowance?
Yes!
They opened a bank account for me the other day so I could do it!
But you told us that they gave you a lot of money!
-It's a pity you don't spend it, man! -That's what you call being sensible!
Genta, what do you do with your New Year's bonus?
I give it to my mother to keep it for me!
She tells me that she keeps it for me
for when I want to buy something expensive!
So what?
She buys you things?
Now that you make me think....,
she often tells me that this or that is too much to ask...
"He-he-he-he! Genta's mother is very cunning..."
Let's see, it's possible that she's keeping them out of the way....
in case you're sick one day or something.
This is the same as saving, right?
What a nerve!
I'll ask her to give me back the money she's been saving me so far!
Take it easy, man... But I don't get sick!
(Guts: gurgles)
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
I've got a stomachache from time to time!
Genta, does it hurt a lot?
Have you eaten something strange or what?
I only ate two plates of curry rice at noon!
When I came to pick you up recently, you had soy flour in your mouth.
After eating the curry rice, I felt like something sweet.
I felt like something sweet.
I fried some rice cakes,
I battered them with soy flour and ate 4 of them.
But then I wanted something spicy
and I made some with soy sauce wrapped with seaweed
and I ate 3...
-You ate too much, is that it?
En-Eh?
Ouch, ouch.
Genta, you're a disaster.
I'll go to the drugstore and buy some stomach medicine.
Flush the sink whatever you have to flush.
Yes...
(Shiho voice) He polished his paycheck on food, that's why they keep it for him.
You can say it now.
(Shiho voice) -Wow.
Have you seen her? -Miss Jodie?
Oh, gee.
Maybe she hasn't seen us.
She's probably minding her own business.
(Man) Excuse me, ma'am.
Please leave your cell phone while you use the ATM.
It is to avoid fraudulent transfers.
-What does it say? - (thinks) "The cell phone?"
So, as you told us,
we found your and Conan's fingerprints on the cell phone,
and there were also the fingerprints
of the man we found burned in the car.
(He thinks) "Exactly. He's as good as dead."
"I've repeated it to myself a thousand times!"
"And yet... I'd swear I've seen him."

"I don't plan to go through it again! I don't want to feel that way!"
"It was... like I was shot in the heart!"
(People: shouting)
(People: whispering)
Close the exits and pull down the shutter!
Let everyone gather in one place!
-What was... this noise? -It was a very loud noise.
"A feature? Don't smoke!"
N- Guys, did something happen? Genta, stay where you are.
Ayumi, Mitsuhiko, stay hidden here... I'll go take a look.
Conan, no!
(People: talk at once)
Hurry up!
Sit down here right now!
(shouting)
(groans of pain)
Do you understand now?
If you don't want to hurt yourself, listen to us for once!
Listen up!
If you know someone or have come accompanied, get together!
"Put them together, you say?"
-What happened? -Why is it closed?
It's usually open at this hour.
That's strange.
Is there a problem? -We don't know.
The door is locked.
I'd say there's something strange going on inside.
(Agasa) Eh?
(Agasa) - Look!
They're pulling down the shutter! -But why?
-What's going to happen? -Nothing good, that's for sure.
-What's going on? -It can't be... This is...
"It's... a robbery."
Very good!
Now drop all the cell phones you have in this bag!
"This has happened to me before."
"Exactly..., in the hijacking of that bus..."
"But that time... That time you're with me, Shuichi..."
-You!
The foreigner back there! - (people: scare)
You don't understand Japanese or what?!
(English accent) No!
Just understand a little.
-Well, take out your cell phone and your, Reco! -Ok!
Ok, ok!
Oh... Sorry.
"Shuichi..."
"Shuichi..."
Shuichi...
Shuichi, is that you?
Isn't it you?
Tell me it's you!
But don't you recognize me?
That you can't speak?
(Thinking) "The scar from a burn..."
"It can't be! You were finally able to run away from that burning Chevrolet?!"
"Because of the crash you suffered
have you lost your memory and become mute?"
Reco!
Stop making noise, foreigner!
Put your cell phone in the bag at once!
Oh... OK!
OK!
You too!
Take it out, quick!
You bastard, I'll kill you like a dog!
No!
No!
He's had an accident.
He's been rendered mute by the crash accident!
The scar from the burn is proof!
I think mute man, he couldn't talk even if he had a cell phone.
He can be quiet, yes.
All right, you guys!
Sit down and don't fool around!
Now it's your turn, handsome! -Yes...
"I'm to take her to our FBI headquarters
and get her memory back."
"Make her remember how she survived
and where the charred body in the Chevrolet came from."
"But to do that, first of all, I have no other choice...
but to get rid of these robbers!"
Hey!
The branch manager is here?!
-Yes. -Perfect!
Come here!
-What? -Afanya't, man!
-Y-yes! -Don't freak out!
Just put all the quarters you have in these briefcases.
It's so easy!
-I-I should do it alone? -Yes!
You must know where everyone keeps the money, right?
Very good!
Now it's up to those of you who don't know anyone and have come alone!
Get off your ass!
Step up and come and get this duct tape!
Use this to cover your eyes,
gag and tie the hands behind your back
everyone who knows anyone or has come with anyone!
Only a stranger will bind them properly!
You got it!
Obviously, we will do the same to you when I'm done!
Ha-ha-ha!
(Woman) Of it...
(Woman) -Excuse me.
I have to put it on! (Woman) - Oh!
Before that...
Let me go to the bathroom!
Very hard to hold!
Oh!
Again the foreigner's coi!
Please, sir...
All right!
But let me cover your eyes, t'emmordassi and tie your hands.
OK!
Thank you!
Damn you!
Walk faster!
Stop!
(Think) "In the men's room itself, it's the same."
"After all there's no one who can see her."
In you go!
Notify me when you're done!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Eh?
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!

Ah, of course, with your hands tied you can't pull your panties down...
What can you do...
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
Excellent, FBI agent on duty.
Well done! What are you guys doing here?
We've come to accompany Mitsuhiko to make an admission,
but it turns out that Genta has a stomach ache...
We heard a loud bang!
And then we hid in the toilets!
Suddenly my stomach stopped hurting.
Hey, how many robbers are there?
There are 5 of them. And they're all well armed.
And you think they came for the money? Yes.
They've ordered them to put it in some briefcases they've brought with them.
It's very strange.
Separate the hostages who know one from the others.
Ask the director to put the money in the briefcases.
And it is also curious that everyone is so attentive to the watch.
(Think) "About the watch?"
(English accent) I'm worried,
but if I can get rid of them all, "no problem"!
Courage, I can do it!
The hardest part starts now!
Get it out of your head!
You don't need to make an effort!
I didn't see it very clearly and look how we found it!
Nothing can be done!
He has been knocked out.
It will be a drag to have to carry!
We don't have time, that's why!
We'll take off his balaclava and jacket and sit him on a toilet!
It will look like a customer was hiding in the bathroom
and the robbers gave him a kick when they found him.
-Hey, get him by that band! -Yeah.
Where the hell did this woman coi come from?
I don't know.
Anyway, now we don't give a damn who she is or where the hell she came from.
-We'll kill her anyway. This is true.
So what do we do now?
They've got Miss Jodie!
We'll just have to wise up and take care of it ourselves.
There's nothing we can do, there's 5 of them.
No, they are 4.
(murmurs)
You know what?
Something terrible has happened!
We already have the bank completely surrounded, sir.
So what are the demands of the robbers?
What are the demands of the robbers?
-They haven't said anything yet. -Ah.
Understood.
-It's strany. -Mm?
In these situations, the most normal thing...
is to use the hostages as a shield...
and demand some means of escape.
Yes.
This is true.
I guess it's only a matter of time before they come up with it and do it.
-They are now trapped. I doubt it, to tell you the truth.
I've seen what the situation was before they pulled down the shutters.
"There were a bunch of armed men in ski masks."
"When you're holding up a bank in this line...
"The only logical thing to do would be to move in a bulky vehicle,
pull up in front of the bank and jump in."
Don't you find it strange that robbers who are selling so well prepared
wouldn't take the money and run out?
They've been locked inside without making any demands.
There's something we're missing.
Maybe they have some way to steal the money and get out of there?
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
The foreigner wanted to be too smart.
It's a pity that the only job she does is robbing banks.
It's really not worth it....
They said they didn't have time!
Time for what?
(Thinking) "Why did they force the branch manager to keep the money in the cases?
to keep the money in the briefcases?"
"It can't be!"
Because it is very likely... that there are explosives inside.
Explosives?!
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Junior Detective League vs. the robbery gang.
The Silence."

