(Shinichi voice) "We went to Teito bank with Mitsuhiko,
who wanted to deposit his New Year's pay."
"But en Genta had eaten masses of rice cakes
and got a stomachache."
"While Haibara and the doctor were going to buy medicine,
we took Genta to the bathroom, but..."
(People: call)
"Some men in balaclavas have suddenly appeared
and took control of the bank.
"Among the hostages is Jodie, an FBI agent...
who has come to the bank by chance."
"She has knocked out the member of the robbery gang
who had accompanied her to the toilets."
"But he was discovered at once
and knocked her out with a Taser."
"At the moment, we have no choice...
but to defeat the gang of robbers on our own."
"It looks like they still have some heads,
but I'm sure we'll catch them!"
"Love is magic and triumphs over mystery."
"Connect with Conan at suspense time!"
"A bank robbery and a heroic fight."
"What is the real goal of these men?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi ga tataita Mune no
tobira no oto ga
Kanashimu boku ni yobikaketa.
Nijinda Kioku
atarashii kaze ga tsutsunde kureta.
Sono hitomi ni utsuru boku wa donna kao na no ka na.
Koushite Warau koto mo Kitto shiranai de ita.
Shinjiru koto mo wakaranai de ita ka na
Kimi ni deaete inakereba.
Ano hay kara kawaranai shinjitsu wo Kono Mune ni itsumade mo.
Kimi no egao Hitotsu de sukuwaretanda.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa Subete koko ni atte.
Hikari dasu Mirai ga kawatte iku.

Muwaki agaru Kono Omois koe ni shite Kanade tsudzukete yukou.
Mahou ga tokete nakunatte shimawanai you ni.
Kikoeru ay no Hibiki no naka Yasashisa itsumo koko ni atte.
Kono Mirai Sekai ga mawaru you ni.
"The Junior Detective League against the robbery gang".
"Silence."
-Mm? - (steps)
The foreigner wanted to be too smart.
I wish we could charge in now.
But if the shot was felt, the police outside would come charging in.
-It would be too arriscat. -Ya.
(Man) Stop... excuse me...
I've already prepared the money.
Can you open the briefcases, please?
And what else!
This is a pittance!
Surely you have many more in a huge safe!
Don't you?
Warning, I can blow this place up with explosives!
Shut up and do exactly what this paper says!
If you raise your voice in the slightest, I'll blow your head off!
All right!
Whoever doesn't know anyone and has come here only has to come over here!
Cover your eyes and gag yourselves!
We will take care of tying you up!
- (mobile) -Huh?
(male voice) "Hey, it's me! How are things going?"
-You've regained consciousness? - (male voice) "Yes."
But I'm still a little groggy
and I can't seem to walk alone.
If you could give me a hand, I'd be fine.
Understood.
Wait for me.
-What happened? -What happened? -She regained consciousness.
I'll go get her now, take care of the rest.
-Afanya't, we don't have time! -Okay.
What?!
She's still unconscious!
What about the call I received earlier?
I'm sure he called you from the dream world.
It's a shame that the only work I do is robbing banks.
It's really not worth it.
Eh?
Damn kid!
Where did you come from?!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
If you don't stop...
I'll kill you!
Aaah!
Oh!
Aaah!
What, Conan, did it go well? Yes.
He got stung in the head and passed out.
We're hosing down the sink now while we can.
Hooray!
The toilet paper operation was a beastly success!
-It was worth it to put it in! Yes!
(Shinichi, thinks) "The anesthetic dart is my ace in the hole."
"I'd better save it."
Conan, what should we do now? (Conan voice) Well, it's obvious.
I'm going to call one of your colleagues with this robber's phone number.
I guess we'll be able to find his partners' numbers,
the call log.
(deep voice) Hey, it's me.
Hey, how's it going in here?
(Female voice) "Hey, I told you I was going to the beauty parlor before."
"Just think, we're meeting tonight, you know what I mean..."

(Deep voice) Yes, that's right.
See you later.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's ringing! He calls the girlfriend just before a crime?"
"Another one, another one... Maybe it's asking too much."
"In the call log, it always shows up....
the number of the unconscious toilet robber."
-Conan, what are you doing now? -Can you tell me what you're doing now? -Come on, let's go!
You have to hurry up and call!
They said they didn't have time!
What's that? (Conan voice) Time?
We don't have time, that's why!
We'll take off his balaclava and windbreaker and sit him on a toilet.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Time for what?"
"For someone else to come and get them? Besides..."
Separate the hostages who know any of the others?
Ask the manager to put the money in the briefcases....
"Divide the clients into two groups..."
"Why did they force the branch manager to keep the money in the briefcases?
to keep the money in the briefcases?"
"And, above all, why is he no longer wearing the balaclava?"
"If the police burst into the bank, they'll see his face right away."
"No way!"
Say-excuse me, I'm... I'm finished.
-Really? -Aaah!
Very well done!
It's taking forever, damn it!
I'm talking about what the unconscious partner in the bathroom went to get.
Yes, it's already been 5 minutes.
Let it be, we don't have time!
Now we just have to finish the last details.
Everything is ready, sir!
Ready for the assault!
We await orders!
Well, let the technical support division and the control division...
be ready to intervene at any moment!
-Yes, sir! -Have the robbers made any demands?
Not yet, sir.
We've been calling the bank's internal line for a while now, but it's busy.
What does it communicate?
(Phone: connect)
(Man) The fools of the police must be dead curious.
As we haven't asked them for anything...
And why didn't you pull out the phone cable and that's it?
Taking it off the hook works in our favor!
It's better to make them think that we've called someone
and that we are supposedly making some kind of demand.
That way we make them think twice before making the assault.
The guy who went to get the other guy in the bathroom hasn't come back yet?
Could it be that he doesn't have enough strength to carry it on his shoulders?
The guy who has been knocked unconscious is bursting at the seams.
No problem.
We assumed that we might find ourselves in this situation
and orders have already been given for everything to work as it should.
(Both) Yes.
And you can say the same thing about this strong foreigner
that has left unconscious in that one to the toilet.
Anyway it will be to the other neighborhood shortly.
You already know?
Have you already discovered the target of the robbers?
Yes, surely, this group of robbers...
intend to flee from the bank pretending to be...
as some of the customers they are now holding hostage.
Posing as hostages, you say? -But... but how?
Have you seen that all the robbers are dressed in the same way?
It's true.
"The man that Miss Jodie has knocked out to the toilets...
"And the men who knocked her unconscious and took her away,
were dressed alike."
They were all wearing balaclavas and the same kind of windbreaker.
Mm-hm.
That man who was left sitting on the toilet,
his companions took off his ski mask and his windbreaker.
And this man who has come to look for him has already taken them off, you see?
(Both) Mm-hm.
That is to say, they've prepared everything...
so we just have to pick five people out of the hostages,
knock them out with the Taser,
put on the ski masks and the windbreakers,
and make it look like they are the perpetrators of the robbery that has been committed.
But won't they discover their plan right away?
I don't think so. (All) Hey!
That Jodie was blindfolded,
gagged and bound with duct tape.
suggests that the other hostages are the same way.
Got it!
If they can't see anything, they can't know what the bad guys are doing!
Exactly.
Also, the fact that the robbers wanted to...
separate the hostages who know someone or who came with someone else,
those who came alone, is the proof!
By choosing 5 customers who came alone and passing them off as the robbers, they guarantee that when this is over, no one will be there,
guarantee that when this is over no one will say anything,
even if those people disappear.

That when this is over those people will disappear?
What do you mean by that?
Why do you think that they just asked the branch manager
to collect all the money in this bank
and put them in the briefcases that the robbers have taken?
Maybe because he is the one who knows this bank best?
You can take out 100 million from whatever you have at hand,
and 200 million from the ATMs;
that's a total of 300 million.
And it would take a single person an eternity
to put it all in the briefcases.
So why did they ask you to do it?
They had no intention of putting the money in the briefcases.
Because it is very likely... that there are explosives inside.
(All) Explosives?!
Explosives?
What... what do you mean by this?
"If they put the 5 people dressed as robbers behind the counter,
"where they've left the briefcases,
"and next to them they put the director and Jodie unconscious...,
"And then they set off the explosives
"And they leave the money that they made the banker take out,
"Only seven people will be left dead from the explosion...
and the money scattered around."
"To the policemen who raid the bank after the explosion...
"It will seem to them that they were trying to open the safe with the explosives
and that they have accidentally exploded them."
"And that the branch manager and the Jodie
had wanted to intervene and were also killed in the explosion."
"With all this, it will look like the robbers have failed!"
I don't understand anything.
The robbers didn't intend to take the money, or what?
No.
It's likely that they asked the branch manager
to deposit a fortune into an account through the network,
and from there transfer the money to their own accounts.
Probably overseas bank accounts
where Japan cannot intervene!
They are very clever... Ah, no, they are clumsy thieves!
No matter how much 300 million yen is transferred abroad
from this branch,
any unjustified capital movement
over 5 million yen is stopped by law by the Central Control Center of the
by the Foreign Exchange Control Center.
Until relatively recently, no such measures were taken.
But now economic fraud and money laundering are the order of the day.
are the order of the day.
It could be that the plan to rob the bank was set up a long time ago.
was set up a long time ago,
and it took them a long time to gather the personnel and weapons to do it.
Thus, their plan was a failure from the start.
These guys are fools....
But the gun is genuine.
And probably the bullets too.
If we don't make a big deal out of it
and we don't dive headlong into where the robbers are, they'll get away.
-Get into them at all? -How will we do it?
Will you shoot them with this gun?
No, I'm just taking it for safekeeping.
I'm not going to shoot it.
I guess we'll just dive in headfirst without hiding.
(All) What?!
Hey, there's still 3 robbers left!
They'll shoot us! It'll be all right!
When the time comes,
the rest of the robbers will no longer be able to see us.
"Eventually"?
They may call something
so that all the hostages can feel it.
(Man) Damn it!
We'll have to blow up the safe!
Come help me, guys!
(Shinichi, thinks) "They're on the move!"
-These screams... -You meant what he said?
(Conan voice) Exactly.
Ayumi, you wait for us in the elevator and keep the door open.
Genta, you take the cart in front of the elevator...
and take it to the counter where the hostages have gathered.
Mitsuhiko, you and I will go there first.
-All right! -Trust me!
You must do it calmly, but very quickly and quietly.
Hurry up!
Hey, Conan, are you sure, it will work?
(thinks) "All these people are hostages. I don't see any robbers!"
Sure, they've kind of blindfolded themselves,
they've gagged and they've tied their hands
to pose as hostages, they can't see us!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I thought so."
"It'll blow up in two minutes or so," he says.
"That's enough for me."
Hey, Conan, I've brought the cart!
We'll put this on top.
Ayumi, get out of the elevator! Yes!
- (big explosion) - (people: call)

-A strange noise has just been felt! - (people) Oooh!
-Examine the situation! (people) Yes, sir!
Something has happened!
Oooh... We were able to avoid it in time.
We were lucky it didn't blow up right away.
No, it wasn't luck! (All) Mm?
If what they wanted was to pose as hostages,
they should have covered their eyes, gagged...
and tie their hands behind their backs.
The man we heard earlier, after shouting...,
"I'm sure he tied his hands with his mouth,
"He has gone to where the hostages are,
"He covered his eyes and gagged himself,
"And then he has made the legs pass over the tied arms..,
until he was left with his hands behind his back."
They were nervous because they had limited time.
At most they had a 3-minute window.
But why did they use a bomb with a timer?
With a remote control, they could set it off whenever they wanted.
when they wanted to.
With their arms tied behind their backs
they wouldn't have been able to throw the remote control away
after pressing the button.
(Mitsuhiko) You're right.
But.... how do we find the robbers in the middle of all these people?
It's very easy.
7Fent to use that man's voice for saying this...
(deep voice) Very good!
Now, everybody stand up and come very slowly towards my voice!
You heard me!
Slowly!
Don't get in the way of whoever is in front of you!
-Wait a minute... -How will you recognize the robbers?
I've never heard this plan before!
-Has it changed? -That must be a mistake.
You 3 are the culprits, aren't you? (All) Eh ?!
The only ones who would stand still
when they were ordered to do something that wasn't to their plans
are the robbers.
Take the duct tape off the employees
and ask them to open the main entrance!
(All) Yes!
When the intervention squad enters,
they'll be able to stop this man who's tied up in the hallway
and what's unconscious at the...
-Who do you say is unconscious, nano? -Conan!
First the foreigner and now the annoying little boy.
I can't believe it!
(Shinichi, thinks) "We're screwed!"
"Has he regained consciousness with that explosion?"
Hey, you bunch of brats!
If you don't want me to break your neck on this kid,
go to the counter and bring me the guns, quick!
- (all) What?! - We'll have to resist the police!
And I assure you that I'll take you to hell with me!
Mm?
(all) Oh!
Apa!
You've got one!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Well look, while we're at it, I'm going to kill you...
Ah... aaah!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Who did it? Who fired the shot? The Jodie?"
"The feature has made the intervention squad come in."
"And the robbers were quickly apprehended."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
(Haibara) What a rest, may you all be well!
I was already expecting this result.
After all, there was the Edogawa and an FBI agent inside!
No, this time...
It was thanks to the Junior Detective League!
-Renoi! -It's no big deal...
I think it is!
But, listen, there's something I don't quite understand.
Miss, you were an English teacher, right?
When you became an FBI agent?
-Daixò, AHM... -You're not just making it look?
Eh?
In Genta you make it look like it's in Yaiba the Masked very often!
-Yes, that's right.
I just make it look...-I knew it!
What's the matter with you?
Why are you making a dog face?
I was just wondering who might have shot the mugger
just at the last moment.
Jodie was unconscious at the time.
Was there really anyone capable of shooting, in that situation?
(Think) "Shuichi?"
Hey, you didn't see him?
He was among the hostages, wasn't he?
God-hay-do!
What a hard time you've had, Jodie.

We've been in that cellar and we haven't noticed anything.
What, who was there, you say?
Well... well, no...
(Thinks) "Shuichi Akai is dead! Don't ever mention it again!"
Hey, what's wrong with you?
No, no..., everything is fine.
Forget what I said.
Now what?!
Did you see if anyone came out back there?
We've been here for a while and we haven't seen anyone.
A murder right under my nose.
What a nerve!
Apparently, the tip of the dart was poisoned.
Hey, I've seen this gentleman not long ago!
(Shinichi, think) "I've got you now!"
"I see it very clearly: you are the murderer!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
The witness who saw nothing'."

