I'm tired... Mm?
Hot springs park?
Hey, that looks like fun! What do you want us to get?
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"A clever trick will provide the ideal alibi."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Murder at the spa."
Don't make yourself pray anymore.
Please sign the contract at once.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I have no intention of selling!
Ha!
What an incompetent heir.
Do you really think that serving pop will make the clientele happy?
It is you who scares me the clientele,
around here every day without stopping to mumble.
Oh!
(Clears throat)
Oh!
Welcome, gentlemen.
Don't expect much, if you don't want to be disappointed.
-What's he saying! -What you feel!
-Quiet, gentlemen... (woman) Don't listen to him, please.
He always does the same thing, it's not worth listening to him.
The father is a rowdy, he's just trying to scare people.
Quiet!
You two are only after me to get my money,
now that I'm old.
What he needs to do is shut up and learn from his father.
The president is not trying to scare anyone, he's just here on business.
-Of course he is.
Come on, let's go. -Yes.
(Think) "He says we don't expect much, but he's the first to go."
(Kogoro) Two adults and one child, please.
I beg your pardon.
The scene before was pitiful.
He's got a lot of nerve, that man, doesn't he?
He's the president of a real estate company.
For about a month now...
he's been reserving the private pool for himself and he comes every afternoon.
He's mobbing us.
Today at the restaurant we have pop fresc.
Alça!
Won't you stay for dinner after your swim?
Wow, it looks great!
Come on, let's go!
After a good bath, a good dinner!
We're running out of pop.
I'm going to the shore for a moment.
-You're staying here? -Now?
But there won't be low tide until 8...
It's only an hour away, I guess he won't come here.
What a great place!
What a great spa!
I don't even know where to start.
Mm... For starters, we'll go to the caldera! Ouch!
Ouch!
It's so warm!
And if we go out?
It's that I'm already dizzy, I...
Already?
So soon?
And... are you sure you can bathe with a bandaged hand, miss?
Actually, I was just thinking of soaking in the Jacuzzi for a while.
I can barely wring out the towel...
Look, Conan!
This pool is so cool!
The warm water makes me float!
I... I'm going, I'm tired already.
What a strange boy.
Oops!
It's the girl from before.
Oops!
(Kogoro) Ha-ha-ha!
(Kogoro) Delicious!
(Kogoro) Hey!
You shouldn't drink if you have to take the car back afterwards.
Don't worry, I've decided that we'll spend the night at the guesthouse next door.
"I'm sure I had it planned from the beginning."
Pop's paws cling to my tongue....
They keep wiggling once they're cut off.
Cooler, impossible.
When it's low tide, I spear hunt them.
If not, I use traps or fish them with longlines.
And how do you do it, to find the trap or the longline?
I leave a buoy there to show me where they are.
Are there any other octopus fishermen around here?
The only fisherman in the area is me, in fact.
And only as a hobby.
Last year, my father died unexpectedly...
and I had to take over the management of the spa.
- (rolling) - (water: splashing)
What was that?
It looks to me like it was coming from the pool outside.
Please go outside and take a look at the private outdoor pool.
I'll be right there.
Oh!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
President!
-Father! -My God!
It's death.
He's not breathing anymore.
-Avisi the police and an ambulance. -Yes!

The victim is Mr. Umezu, president of a real estate company.
He booked the outdoor pool at his spa every afternoon, didn't he?
That's right.
And he says she was found here, sitting by the pool with her head cracked open.
Yes, at 8 o'clock.
She felt something heavy rolling and falling into the water.
On top of the rocks there was a dancing stone.
I had planned to notify the maintenance company.
Safety measures are very important!
-Yes, it was my fault - it was an accident.
The rock broke off and fell towards Mr. Umezu.
-Hey!
Remove the stone right away. Yes!
-Wait, I'll give you a Ma-what?
-No need, thank you. Ah... Okay, it's full of moss, this stone.
It's full of moss, this stone.
There's traces of blood and hair stuck to it.
Mm... It looks like the stone has broken off and fallen from here.
Look at that!
The rocks around the hole are all full of scratches.
See?
Oh, so much.
Gee, it looks like somebody pulled the rock out...
and left these marks when they moved it.
So the stone didn't fall on Mr. Umezu's head...
accidentally.
"Someone who wanted to kill him had deliberately thrown it from the top of the wall.
from the top of the wall."
It was not an accident, but a murder!
What?
But... we heard the sound of the stone rolling down!
It must have weighed too much and made it roll.
Now I understand!
The wall is too high, no one could have entered from outside.
The only access is the glass door.
The killer can only be someone who was at the spa at 8 o'clock.
You can go upstairs now.
All right, then, everybody gather in the lobby!
-Ah.
I'll get them some tea. Watch out!
(thump)
What a fool!
May I know where you were looking?
I'm sorry, miss.
-Sorry, it won't happen again. -I'll miss it.
Mr. Maekawa, we didn't come here for tea.
-Please come. -Yes, of course.
Why did you summon us here?
Apparently, Mr. Umezu has been the victim of a murder.
What is it?
At 8:00 p.m., the estimated time of death,
there were only 3 people at the spa
who were related to the victim,
and that's you.
You will have to tell me where you were at the time of the crime and what you were doing.
-That's ridiculous! -And now!
Don't tell me you suspect us!
Let's start with Mr. Yagihashi,
Mr. Umezu's secretary and the last person to see you alive.
Yes.
At 7 p.m. it was the locker room, helping the president change.
When we finished, I received a work call that I had to take,
so I entered the water area
5 minutes later than Mr. Mouri and company.
-And where was it at 8 p.m.? -To the locker room, to the shower.
Then I heard that noise.
Mmm...
The showers are right next to the crime scene.
-What?
Hey, hey, hey, hey! -And you, the eldest daughter?
I entered the water area
a little later than the detective's daughter.
And I haven't moved from the jacuzzi the whole time.
Look, my hair smells like jasmine.
Jasmine?
We put aromatic plants in the jacuzzi
to enhance the medicinal effects of the hot springs.
Tell me, Ran.
Is this true? Yes.
I entered the hot spring area
before Miss Mari and Miss Yasuko.
The Jacuzzi is also very close to the private outdoor pool.
The eldest daughter also had a chance to kill him.
Don't talk nonsense!
And the younger one, Yasuko?
I've been on the phone with a friend of mine,
so I came in about 5 minutes later than my sister.
And I stayed on the lounger at the back.
Ah!
Wait, wait, wait.
Before 8 o'clock I saw...
"...that Miss Yasuko was entering the steam room."
"Mr. Yagihashi with them."
Wow!
Did you guys go through the steam?
W-we met in there by chance.
Besides, Inspector, you're forgetting the prime suspect.
Mr. President was about to buy the spa.
The manager did have a good motive to kill him.
The camera footage
confirmed that the receptionist was in place,
but you weren't, were you, Mr. Maekawa?
No, it's just that I realized that we would make short pop...

and around 7 o'clock I decided to go out to catch some.
Mr. Mouri can confirm that it was the restaurant
from half past five at 8 to 8 o'clock.
-Is it true? -Yes.
Mr. Maekawa has been the restaurant with me all the time.
Understood.
Let's recap:
of the 4 people who knew Mr. Umezu,
all of them, except Mr. Maekawa,
were at the spa and have had the opportunity to kill him.
The oldest daughter, Mari, was the jacuzzi.
The younger one, Yasuko, was in the lounger.
And the secretary, Mr. Yagihashi, in the shower.
If you're looking for a motive, this pair has it.
They told the father they wanted to get married, and he went ballistic.
If we play a game to see who comes out on top,
I'd say you win, Mari.
What a nerve!
Your business went bankrupt and you're in deep shit, right?
Your father's inheritance will go first to pay off your debts.
Shut up!
You have no idea what you're talking about, no idea!
Let's change the subject.
Is it true that you have met in the steam room by pure chance?
Well, I...
-I asked her to come. Yasuko!
Since her father wouldn't let us get married,
we had no choice but to elope together.
We had decided to do it right after the purchase of the spa.
-But now... These are just excuses.
Inspector, don't get tangled up with this man.
What? When he tried to marry my sister.
When he tried to marry my sister,
his father told him to stay where he belonged.
Since then he's had it in for him, this wretch!
This is...
Now I've seen it.
Mr. Mouri, have you discovered the culprit?
Yes, I know who it is.
As a precaution not to leave his fingerprints,
"The culprit has wrapped the stone with a towel
before throwing it off the wall."
In the towel there must be...
remains of the moss that covered the stone.
If you look closely, you will see that it is slightly tinged with green.
Lla-so, this towel...?
It's not mine, that!
I don't understand what it was doing in my bag.
Miss, you can't explain it, can you?
We'll confirm it when we analyze the towel.
And now, gentlemen, if you'll join me in the private pool,
I'll explain in detail how the events occurred.
Mr. Mouri never fails!
(He thinks) "He's wrong! I have to do something."
What do you have?
What's wrong?
No, it's just that I was thinking how he makes the water in this pool float so much,
the water in this pool.
It's no mystery.
In places where the salt concentration is high, like the Dead Sea,
bodies float more.
"Float? Shut up! What if...?!"
Conan, where are you going?
This is it!
I've got it!
"I've discovered the trick the culprit used."
Conan!
Where have you been?
What a mania you have, disappearing without warning!
Yes, I'm sorry.
Do you know what happened?
Mr. Mouri asked me to do him a favor.
Understood.
Very well.
Now that we're all here, let's get down to business.
I said that Miss Mari was the murderer...
Aaaaah...
(Kogoro voice)... what was I joking about?
-What? -Mr. Mouri!
This is not the time to be funny, now!
Listen to me, please.
Miss Mari.
Isn't it true that your right hand was bandaged for a wound?
Y... yes.
With a wound like this, you can't roll up a towel.
What do you mean, that...?
Well, the towel she had in her bag was rolled up!
Yes.
This proves that the towel didn't belong to Miss Mari.
If it was someone else's, how the hell did it end up in her bag?
The culprit put it in her bag
with the intention of framing Miss Mari.
-What do you say, now!
(Kogoro voice) And that's precisely what gave her away.
She didn't take into account that Miss Mari was wearing a bandage on her hand.
And who is the culprit?
The only thing that has been able to put the towel in her bag
taking advantage of a distraction is...
I-I'm sorry, Miss.
...Mr. Maekawa.
But it can't be!
Mr. Maekawa had an alibi for the time of the crime,
it was precisely with you when...
Mr. Umezu had dirty, broken fingernails.
I suspect... this means that he wasn't killed by a stone blow,
but that his head was held underwater until he drowned.
His nails were dirty and broken from scratching the bottom of the pool.

to try to free himself.
-Ask them to check it out! Yes, sir!
But we came running
as soon as we heard the sound of the falling stone.
It is impossible to drown someone in such a short time.
-And when was the murder committed, then?
-Look at the envelopes of soap and shampoo.
They're unused.
And the bath stools, too.
(Yokomizo) It's true!
The envelopes are intact.
-Therefore, Mr. Umezu was murdered...
as soon as he walked out the door.
(Yokomizo) How?
At 7:00 p.m.?
-Then, Mr. Yagihashi and the victim's daughters... -Were still in the locker room...
were still in the locker room.
The only one who was able to make it is... Mr. Maekawa.
At 7 o'clock in the evening...
"...he went out to fish for octopus...
even though it was still an hour before low tide."
This octopus thing was just an excuse, wasn't it?
He has sneaked out to the private pool,
"He stunned Mr. Umezu with a stone's throw...
and held his head under the pool water until he drowned."
What nonsense!
But you and I were together,
when you heard the sound of the stone rolling!
Hmm... If the murder was committed at 7 o'clock,
how can you understand that the stone fell into the pool at 8 o'clock?
Mr. Maekawa was the restaurant with you, at that time.
He used a trick.
Conan, show him what I explained to you before.
(Conan's voice) Yes! Eh?
Inspector Yokomizo, take the stone and climb up here with me.
(Conan voice) Okay.
Blow!
God-hay-do, how heavy, this stone!
Can't you see it, that little pier down there?
Yes. Endavant, Ran!
Yes! Eh?
This strip was attached to the buoy on the pier.
It's for longline fishing.
Longline fishing?
We stretch the strip until it is taut.
Then we place the stone that you have brought to the edge of the wall
and use the wooden stick to wedge it.
Now we have it all ready!
Whenever you want! Okay!
What... what the heck...?
(Kogoro voice) At 8 o'clock, in the middle of low tide,
the sea level has dropped to a minimum.
"The buoy that was floating has also gone down."
"As it went down it pulled the strap taut,
the wooden stick jumped and the stone fell."
Therefore, the low tide has provided him with the perfect alibi.
-The low tide?
-We have the strip and the stick as evidence,
which jumped over the fence and fell into the sea.
It's true!
-There are some small scratches on the wooden fence, aren't there?
Yes.
-Those are the marks left by the hooks that are attached to the strip.
-It was a lethal trick. I... I get it now.
This way he knew that the stone would fall at 8 o'clock
even if he wasn't there.
It's a very interesting theory,
but it's all just conjectural evidence.
-You have nothing more against me? -Tell me, Mr. Maekawa.
Can you explain to us how come you wear your pants rolled up?
-Unroll up the legs, sisplau. -Why do you say that?
You can't, can you?
When he hit Mr. Umezu with the stone,
the bottom of his pants got splattered with blood.
But he didn't notice
"...until the scientist's agent
went into the pool to get the rock out."
"Then he looked down at the bottom of his pants...
...and hurried to roll up his sleeves."
The police had already begun to investigate,
so he couldn't go to change without arousing suspicion.
We now have irrefutable proof.
I knew it!
He couldn't stand the idea of the president buying the spa from him.
It's not just that.
A year ago, my father incurred a huge debt to the Umezu.
He got drunk and drowned in the pool.
I obeyed his last wish
and used the money from his life insurance policy
to renovate the spa.
(tearful) But, after all, I am a simple fisherman.
Business is not my forte.
In the end... I would have ended up accepting the offer.
And I thought that, since the Umezu would take the spa from me,
I had to find a way to bury it along with the business.
(Cries)
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.

Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
(Loud snoring)
(Snoring)
(Think) "There's no sleeping, with this snoring!"
Aaaaaaaa.... Now I won't sleep!
It has.
This one's for you.
You deserve it, Shiratori.
We're fated, he's the person who changed my life one day.
A new love in sight... Isn't it?
A stalker?
Yes.
I've had the feeling for days that I'm being followed.
Don't miss the next episode:
"Inspector Shiratori:
cherry blossom memories (part one)."

