(Traffic, horns)
Very good!
We finished this case sooner than we thought, right?
Yes.
It's come in handy that Takagi was watching like a maniac I guess.
More like tenaciously, if you don't mind.
-He's got it!
Your premi. -Cream!
Gee, thanks a lot!
That's warm! -It's got it.
This one's for you.
You deserve it, Shiratori.
What's the matter, Shiratori?
You don't like canned coffee?
Yes, I do.
-Tea. -Thank you very much.
Listen, what do you say, let's all three of us go out for a bite to eat?
-What a good idea! -I'm sorry...
-I'd rather not go hi. Huh?
But why not?
I'm not on duty tomorrow... and I have some commitments, you know?
Well...
By the way, I found a noodle restaurant that they say is really good!
Excellent, Mr. Inspector!
They have delicious pork ribs and vegetables.
-Oysters!
I can't wait to go there (both laugh).
(Shinichi voice) "Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"Memories of cherry blossoms
in Inspector Shiratori's first love."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainiku no ame dakedo
yotei door dekake mashou
Sekkaku no vestir mo
Anata ni wa Miete Naish

Shuumatsu no sakura Door nara
hanayaida Shiroi michi
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
natsukashinda Serusier
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba
Kizutsuke Awazu ni
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
Omou koto mo dekiru KEDO
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
Iroasete yuku Omois mo ario
Soredemo samezame to nagareteku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana
Ah... hyururu hay wa ochite
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Inspector Shiratori: the memories of cherry blossoms (Part 1)"
(Think) "I told them I had commitments,
but I'll just watch a movie by myself."
- (Mitsuhiko) Inspector Shiratori? -Huh?
What a coincidence!
I didn't expect to meet him here!
I find it a bit surprising.
-So, you like them too? -Huh?
If I like what?
The movies of Gomera, what else?
In Gomera?
No, I'll go see... "The White Cliff".
But the ticket that came out is... Eh?
(Thinking) "I made a mistake when I booked online?"
Are we going to buy something before entering the theater?
-Yes! Let's go, yes!
(Think) "For a day off that I have..."
There's nothing wrong with that, feeling like a kid again.
-He makes a face like he's thinking that.
En-Eh?
I guess he must have been traumatized
by something to do with Inspector Sato.
He'd better give up.
Because the Sato and Takagi, in that hospital room....
I will not give up so easily, no sir.
We are fated, he is the person who changed my life one day.
Predestined Yes...
It happened when I was in elementary school.
"I was choosing a book to study in a bookstore."
(Girl) Wait a minute!
(Girl) Huh?
I've seen how they did it!
You've hidden some comics in your clothes!
-I saw it! -Dimoni of brat... -Hey...
-Hey... What?
-Don't listen to him.
Marxem: Yes, you're right.
-Wait a minute! -Aaah!
-You're a thief! -Leave me alone!
-You little brat! -Yeah, I saw it too. -Yeah, I saw it too.
I saw you stole a comic book from this bookstore.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Article 235 of the Penal Code.
"Whoever misappropriates an object that doesn't belong to him..,
shall be charged with theft
and shall be sentenced to less than 10 years imprisonment."
-Prison? Hey, look...
-Huh? -Ah...
-Hey, guys... Ah!
-Is there a problem? -No, no problem.
We were just arguing with that little boy about a book.
It's just that this comic book is very famous.
Yeah...
- (man) Sir. Huh?
-That there's a problem? -No, no problem.
No, nothing's wrong.
-Are you looking for someone? -No...
If he wanted a book to study, he could have asked me for it.
-I would have bought it for her. - No way!
I have to look at them in person
and I have to learn to distinguish which are the best books.
I have to do it to be a good lawyer, do you understand?
-Well, you're absolutely right (car: starts up).
He is, for you!

Thank you for helping me before.
I bought a cola for you at a fast food restaurant
and I decorated it a little bit with the cane paper,
but it didn't look very pretty.
-Are those cherry blossoms? -Yes, that's right.
The symbol of courage!
I don't think that's what it means in the language of flowers.
But I've seen that all policemen
wear the symbol of the cherry blossom, because...
they are strong, kind and handsome!
It is the flower of justice!
Now I understand.
Did you become a police inspector for this reason?
Yes.
That's why, when I met her again at the Metropolitan Police,
it became clear to me that we were destined to get married.
Until this damn Takagi showed up!
But are you sure, that girl was the Sato?
Yes, her features were unmistakable...
I don't know.
Sato is a bit of a Cavallot.
I doubt very much that she would do something so feminine.
That's the only thing that doesn't quite fit with me...
Hey, guys!
The movie will start soon!
Come on in!
If you also want to buy some refreshments, you have to hurry!
We've already bought the popcorn!
(Girl) Thanks for waiting!
Teniu.
Thank you.
I guess you'll have to check with the Sato.
Who knows!
Maybe she'll be able to turn the tables.
Next, please!
What can I get you?
Well... a soda...
cola.
Thanks for waiting!
(Thinking) "Turn the tortilla?"
Can I have the cane paper, please?
-Eh?
Yes, esclar. And what do you plan to do?
It's a secret.
I've found them!
These are our armchairs!
He-he!
That's great!
Look: they're in the middle of the screen.
We'll thank Dr. Agasa
for taking our tickets.
Yes.
They said that the sessions of this film would be sold out.
I wish the doctor had come, too.
The poor guy had an emergency.
(thinks) "Mm? Is this it?"
My chair is right in front of the kids'?
Oh, oh!
-Oh! -Pardon me, please!
I was looking for my chair.
-Was that a cola? -Aaa... yes.
Oh, I'll go buy another one... right now!
Oh!
(Thinking) "With that, memories go down the drain too..."
Sorry about before.
Here you go.
Are those... flowers?
This is a habit I've had since I was little.
When I was given a cane wrapped in paper, I always did things like this.
I did it as an apology, but if you don't like it, you can take it off, of course.
But... I like it.
Oh!
It's the girl from before!
We are here!
These kids warned me earlier
when I left my wallet on top of the ticket machine.
Ah, very nice.
I didn't realize I had the chair right next to yours.
Yeah.
It seems to be a matter of fate.
F-f-fate? -I guess I've exaggerated a little.
And now!
I just stood still for a while.
-Have you seen these two? -They make a great couple.
This popcorn is pretty good!
A new love in sight... Isn't it?
(All) Aaah!
Gomera!
Gomera!
Please, Gomera, bring out the last of your strength.
Sign up for us.
These movies repeat things like "the last" ad infinitum.
Yes.
The previous one was: "Farewell, Gomera".
And the one before that, "Gomera, forever."
You can count.
But... as long as the kids are focused on the movie, it's fine.
(Mobile) Eh?
(Think) "A mobile?"
-Oh, no way! -Ah!
The internal organs of the Gomera!
The computer graphics are very good, really!
Haibara, they're computer graphics!
(Conan voice) What?!
No!
(Conan voice) Why...?
The movie was really amazing!
Yes, I was thrilled!
-Are you all right? -Yes, I'm just a little sleepy.
It's normal to be!
Police inspectors can't sleep much because of work.
What?
Are you a policeman?
Yes.
But I'm not on duty today.
What's wrong with you? MM...
No, it's just that... Look, I wanted to go to the police to ask a little question.
-Does it do you mind if I tell them? MM.
Ah, a stalker?
Y-yes.
I've had the feeling for days that I'm being followed.

And about this problem, have you talked to your friends?
Yes, yes, I told my boyfriend,
and he did me the favor of coming to stay at my house.
-Your... boyfriend? -What a shame, isn't it?
-Hey, get a little closer together! -More, impossible!
-People, you take up too much space. No, this car is too small!
Guys..., if you continue with these fights, I'll make you get out of the car.
Understood.
Someone follows her, stirs up her waste...,
they call her and don't say anything...
I don't know..., maybe it's all just my imagination.
I'm home!
Today I come with an inspector of....
Aaaah!
Ah, so it was the cinema.
Let's see, Shiratori... Yes, sir.
Is it true that Miss Kasakura
was sitting right next to you in the armchair?
Yes, and when she found out that I'm a police inspector,
she explained to me that she was suffering from a case of harassment.
Then, when I came with her to her house,
we found the body of the man who was murdered on the floor.
The deceased is Yoshiro Some, 30 years old.
He was an agent who worked in a securities company nearby.
So, Miss Kasakura, he was the man you were dating?
Tell me if I'm wrong.
Yes.
I told him I was suffering because someone was stalking me
and he came to move in two or three days ago.
According to the coroner's report,
the time of death is around two o'clock this afternoon.
The method used: she was beaten to death.
The murder weapon is some kind of very hard bar.
When you came back, was the door locked?
It was locked, but when I saw him, he no longer had a copy of the key...
that was always hanging from his waistband.
Maybe he...
It could be that the murderer had left
and had locked the door with the key after committing the crime.
Thus delaying the discovery of the body.
So, our suspect is that stalker.
I don't know how he got into the apartment,
but if that stalker has an unhealthy affection for her,
it wouldn't be strange at all...
that she wanted to kill her boyfriend because he was in her house.
No... it can't be....
Or maybe...
you have murdered him and made it look like it was someone else's work.
-Huh?! - Oh...!
About that, w-wait a moment, Inspector Megure.
"At two o'clock, she was at the cinema...
watching the movie on the couch right next to me."
There's no way she could have done that, sir.
But, from here, it takes less than 5 minutes...
to get to the movie theater by car.
If she had left the theater pretending she was going to the toilet
and taken a cab, she could have committed the crime.
Now, if you can testify...
that she's been sitting next to you the whole time..,
she couldn't possibly have done it, of course.
I wouldn't know...
I fell asleep halfway through the film.
Inspector Megure.
The victim seems to have called someone at about two o'clock, sir.
The approximate time the crime was committed.
How! M-maybe he called me.
He did?
I got a call while I was watching the movie,
but I hung up in a hurry.
I neglected to turn off my cell phone before the movie started.
Let's see, do you remember, this detail?
No... It would be just then, that I fell asleep.
Listen, I saw it.
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean by that?
When we were watching the film, I suddenly saw a light shining.
What I saw was that girl's hat.
I think she saw that light
because she must have opened her cell phone to turn it off, of course.
If the call she received was from her boyfriend,
it's supposed to be... a definite alibi, right?
Yes, that's true, but...
can you tell why she's here, you guys?
Because she promised us that she would invite us to have something to eat.
That she'd invite you? Yes.
I just wanted to say thank you that we found her purse
and tipped her off when she left it
on top of the ticket machine.
But what really surprised us is what happened after we saw her cell phone glow.
after we saw her cell phone flash.
Yes, we were scared to death! Eh?
What's the matter?
Nothing happened?
Ah, surely you are referring to the scene where they attack in Gomera...
and you can see the internal organs.
Those images were really very realistic...

-Which Gomera?
The monster? -Yes.
That was the movie you were watching?
I like the special effects.
What's wrong with it?
Well, that scene was strong, but...
The most surprising thing came after that.
-What happens to the next scene... -Oh, yeah...
The scene where in Gomera bites the other monster's neck
and tears it to shreds!
An exaggerated amount of blood came out...
Eh? You watched the same movie?
Yes, anyway...
So, there's no doubt that you've been watching the movie...
from 1:00 to 3:00, both of you?
Yes.
To be more exact, from five minutes past one.
Oh! Mm?
(Conan, thinks) "I could have sworn this is...
"What the Kasakura has glued to the glass of cola
that she bought for Inspector Shiratori."
From five past one until fifty minutes past two.
It lasted an hour and 45 minutes.
Eh?
But, just in case we can send Takagi to the cinema...
to check whether or not... she left the theater halfway through the screening.
Besides, there's something that doesn't quite convince me.
Yes.
Take over, Takagi! Yes, sir!
Well, we'll take care of examining your apartment, okay?
Is that okay with you? Yes, of course...
If a stalker was stalking her,
there could be a bug
or a hidden camera installed in your house, you understand?
It could be... I trust you.
Hey, Conan, you don't have to investigate, you.
Just stand still in the corner of the floor, please.
Yes.
Excuse me, Inspector.
Oh... Shiratori, have you found anything?
Actually, no, sir.
Mm... Is there anything on this floor that you don't recognize, miss?
No, nothing in particular...
(Doesn't sit down)
Oh... (Genta) Hey, Ayumi...
- (Genta) Hey, Ayumi...- Eh?
-What are you doing, all this time? -What are you doing, all this time? -Some flowers!
- (at the same time) Flowers? (at once) -Yes!
First you carefully tear off
the piece where the wrapping paper of the straws is hooked.
You open it until you have a long piece of paper,
and then you fold it gradually into squares...
until it looks like this.
And when you have all the paper folded,
if you tear off pieces to shape it...
-Don't tear off pieces? -Surprise!
Look!
I've made a strip of flowers!
-Bufa! -What a great!
You've done very well!
(Conan's voice) What the hell are they doing, those, at the scene of a crime?
What do you think? What do you think?
What do you think?
As I imagine, the killer is the Kasakura?
Eh? (Conan voice)
You noticed the look on his face a while ago, didn't you?
Ah, yes, I did.
For a person who likes special effects a lot,
he doesn't have any reproduction of monsters
nor any book related to the subject.
And there's more, isn't there?
You suspect the alibi for another reason.
And we are testimonis.
The seats of the cinema.
The seats? Didn't you find it very curious?
As for the seats,
I would swear that the inspector Shiratori and the girl were the row
in front of ours, in the middle of our group.
And between their seats and ours there was an aisle.
What's so strange about that?
We went to see the movie on a Sunday afternoon.
And, as expected,
it was full of parents who had brought their children.
But the seats next to Shiratori's and hers were free.
Can't that be a coincidence?
And I am also not convinced that we,
people who don't know each other at all and who have met by chance,
are their witnesses.
But you've seen it too!
She was in the cinema at the time the crime was committed.
I saw something..., I saw her hat!
Just a moment.
You mustn't think that... Anyway, there is no need to worry.
Surely Shiratori has noticed it too.
That's why he asked Takagi to go to the cinema.
It proves it that he kept that proof in his pocket.
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni

asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Feelings should never interfere with an investigation.
Oi, Inspector Shiratori?
I've already understood.
I know why Shiratori's motive... is so indecisive.
(Girl voice) "They are strong, kind and handsome! It's the flower of righteousness!"
You mean... this flower, perhaps?
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"Inspector Shiratori: 'The memories of cherry blossoms' (part 2)"

