"We met by chance with Inspector Shiratori at the cinema.
"And there he tells us what motivated him to become a police officer:
"When he was a little boy, he had an encounter that seemed to be destiny
with a girl that he believes to be Inspector Sato."
"Nami Kasakura, a girl we've met in the movies," he says,
"brings Shiratori a glass decorated with a strip of flowers...
"Made from the paper wrapping of the cane,
just like the girl from his childhood did."
"Could Nami be the girl he remembers?"
"When we have learned that Nami has problems with a stalker.
"Inspector Shiratori wanted to escort her home.
and there we found Yoshiro Some, her boyfriend, dead."
"Some was murdered."
"The crime was committed by the stalker?"
"Or rather was it committed by Nami pretending it was the stalker's doing?"
"But the people who have proven his alibi
are none other than us and Inspector Shiratori."
"If she has murdered him, what kind of set-up has she used?"
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"A meeting and a farewell."
"The prelude of Shiratori's love to the cherry blossom season."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Inspector Shiratori: the memories of cherry blossoms.
(Part Two)"
Hm...
We have already checked Ms. Kasakura's alibi
and we have found no bugs or hidden cameras installed in her apartment.
There is no evidence to support the stalker theory, but.... Mm?
(Mobile)
"I'm at Takagi."
Tell me, have you found out anything?
I did.
Quite a few people got up to go to the toilets during the screening.
and they couldn't tell me who came out and who went in.
Considering that today is Sunday
and that the cinema was full, I'm not surprised.
Understood.
Eh?
Takagi, it's me.
What are you doing?
There are garbage cans at the cinema.
Yes, now they're replacing the full bags with new ones.
That's good.
Tell them you're a policeman and you have to take them away, okay?
Inside one of the bags is a glass
with a strip of flowers made from the wrapping paper of a cane.
A glass with a strip of flowers
made from the wrapping paper of a reed...
Ah.
I found it!
You don't mind taking it to the forensic police?
Just in case, take the other glass with this one.
Say they'll examine the fingerprints and the contents of the glasses.
Yes.
"And also..."
What's that?
And also...
That much.
That's enough.
Let us know the results as you get them.
Excuse me for giving you orders without permission.
I-understand.
(Sighs)
(Not feeling what he's saying)
(sighs) Excuse me.
(Sighs) Huh?
Why didn't you ask him about the strip of flowers in the glass?
It could be definitive proof, couldn't it?
Heh?
He-he!
What are you saying, kid?
Don't tell me that because she's such a pretty girl and you two are getting along so well...
you've gone completely off-center.
Feelings should never interfere...
(Clears throat)... in an investigation.
Oi, Inspector Shiratori?
Casomdena!
You're absolutely right.
Eh?
Do you want me to buy a soda here?
But I'm not thirsty now, man.
Listen to me.
Buy it right away and then do as I say!
Look...
I've already understood.
I know why Shiratori... is so indecisive.
Eh?
"I measured it as you asked me to."
That's good.
How long is it?
Is it a little shorter, maybe?
No, it's not.
"It's exactly the same length."
Got it.
It was identical.
Looks like you got your answer.
Yes.
An answer with an all-too-sad outcome.
(Girl) "But I have seen all the policemen

They bear the symbol of the cherry blossom!"
"Because they are strong, kind and handsome! It is the flower of righteousness!"
Hm...
Taking your testimony as a starting point,
while you were watching a movie at the cinema today at noon...
"That stalker has entered your home
"And murdered Mr. Yoshiro Some,
"and waited for you to come home."
And then we must assume that he has fled.
This seems clear.
On the other hand, we can't say anything for sure...
until we've asked around the neighborhood.
And what do you want us to do, with the children? Ah...
I've already asked their teacher to pick them up.
Mr. Agasa and Mr. Mouri were not home right now.
Do you need to ask them anything else, the children?
No, sir, I don't. (Quietly) Inspector Shiratori.
Miss Kasakura, for the time being I beg you...
to come with me to the police station to testify as a witness.
Do you mind giving me a little time to be alone?
My boyfriend is dead... and it's been a trauma for me.
Yes.
I guess so.
When you recover, my men will come and get you.
We're taking you to the station right now.
Hey, hey, hey!
And not as a witness,
but as a suspect in this murder.
Eh?
Because the one who was beaten to death on Yoshiro Some floor was you.
Oi, Nami Kasakura?
Huh?
Where are you going, man?
What are you saying?
Judging by the approximate time of death of the victim,
the murder was committed around 2:00 in the afternoon.
And you told me that at that time she was sitting on the couch
right next to you watching the movie.
And, on top of that, the victim called her cell phone...
just before he was murdered.
The kids saw her get the call because they were sitting in the back row of her.
in the back row of her.
Yes!
We saw it!
We saw a light go on in the front row in the middle of the darkness.
And we saw this girl, who had her hat on!
We saw that light because she received a call!
Didn't she?
You saw it too, didn't you?
Yes.
We only saw the knitted hat she was wearing.
That's right.
We have not seen her in person.
We have only seen the figure of a person
to whom they have put that hat...
"Illuminated by the light of the cell phone in the dark;"
the figure of Inspector Shiratori,
who was sitting in the armchair next to it.
Isn't that right, Inspector Shiratori?
Ah.
Yes.
But even if the cell phone illuminated,
it couldn't have any effect
unless it was in front of your face.
It was on top of the soda glass.
If you put the open cell phone on top of the glass,
it's at the same distance...
as it would be if someone were holding it in their hand.
And, evidently,
it was with the ringtone and vibration turned off.
But, in this case,
it would have seemed strange to some onlooker, wouldn't it?
If the nearby seats had been occupied,
it would have aroused suspicion.
"But behind us was the aisle,
and the armchairs on either side of us were empty."
"I'm convinced that Ms. Kasakura had previously purchased
the tickets for those seats online."
Leaving an empty seat on either side,
he made sure that no one would notice anything he did.
So, this means that it happened to be you....
who bought the ticket she vacated?
Yes.
And even if I hadn't bought it,
it's a Sunday showing of a very popular movie.
It should be booked up in no time.
When you buy tickets online
you can see on the screen the number of seats that are already taken.
She saw that the five seats behind her had been taken by someone else.
someone else had taken them.
"And she's been watching the children near the vending machine.
"Before the movie started
to see if her tickets were for those seats."
"Afterwards, he left his wallet expressly in front of the children,
"She slipped it into their pockets when they called out to her,
"And after the film,
"She wanted to make them discover the corpse at the same time that she did...
and turn them into her witnesses."
No way...
Besides, when she heard that I was a police inspector...
he must have thought that by making me come too...

could close the subject earlier.
Wait a minute.
How can you accuse me?
Ahem!
But listen, if you didn't happen to fall asleep...
committing the crime you describe would be...
It was no accident.
Eh ?!
It's very likely that I put some sleeping pills in the cola I knew I would drink.
that I knew I would drink.
Sleeping pills?!
In short, she...
"She's been watching me when I was checking out my chair,
"and once she was sure that I was the viewer who was supposed to fall asleep
"And the one she'd put her hat on... she expressly bumped into me,
"He made me drop the cola and gave me the same soft drink
That he bought me in return with sleeping pills in it."
Whether a sleeping pill takes effect soon or not varies from person to person.
"But if she has put it into practice several times," he said,
"It was bound to appear a spectator like myself
to fall asleep."
I guess if we check her ticket buying history,
we'll know right away.
We'll see if she has persistently bought tickets for those three seats for the
of those 3 seats for Saturdays and Sundays, the days with the most spectators,
the days with the most spectators.
On the other hand, it would be impossible to know in such detail...
what happens in a film that you have not been able to see today.
Today is the first time I have seen it!
And the tickets bought other times were for my friends!
I invite them, but they can never come!
Of course they can't!
Check if the soda had sleeping pills in it!
You will find your glass of cola easily
because it has something different from the others.
You mean this flower, maybe?
It's from the strip of flowers that you've made
with the paper from the cane wrapper that you put in my glass.
In fact, I've torn one off as a souvenir....
and kept it in my notebook.
Oh...
That's why... when the glass is checked out
I threw in the trash at the movie theater...
I've taken it all.
Good.
Check right here for the length of the flower strip again.
Yes, you understand.
The flower strip is the same length
as the paper wrapper on the cane.
Miri.
The same?
You don't understand...
As he has torn off one of the flowers it should be shorter.
That's because...
Because when you left the cinema the first time
you took the glass with the sleeping pills in it
and when you came back in you took a new glass with a new strip of flowers
with a new strip of flowers that you made.
So, did you foresee that you would be investigated afterwards?
Yes.
The crime has followed its process:
"Before the screening you made friends with the spectators.
"Who had to testify for her alibi,
"Then she put the sleeping pill
to the drink of the spectator who was sitting next to her."
"Once she had ascertained that the spectator had fallen asleep,
"He put his cap on,
"He exchanged his glass for glass with the sleeping pills,
"He put his cell phone on top of it
and left the cinema taking the glass with the sleeping pills."
"Then he returned home in a cab
and beat to death Mr. Some, who was waiting for him there."
"Immediately afterwards,
she called herself on the victim's cell phone."
"As she has left the cell phone in the cinema.
"If the witnesses saw the effect of that call...
she already had her alibi in place."
"Then she dumped the murder weapon somewhere.
"And the glass with the sleeping pills, he returned by cab to the cinema,
"He took off the cap of the spectator on the side.
"And he replaced the glass where he had placed the cell phone with a new glass
with a new strip of flowers."
He had to go to the trouble of making a new strip of flowers.
"For I have plucked the flower not from one end, but from the very center."
It is likely that she has had the effect
that has broken her at the moment of exchanging one glass for the other
and, consequently, she believed that when the glass was examined
it would be discovered that she had made the change.
It was then that a new one was put in place.
Never mind, that strip of flowers!
If you want to blame me for the murder,
do me a favor and bring the cab driver who drove me here right now!
Let's see if you can find him.
I think they will find that cab driver soon.
Because there is no doubt
that you got into a cab during the screening of the film.
You know what?
You didn't notice that there was an earthquake in the middle of the film.
An earthquake? There was one, wasn't there?

Yes!
Of course!
A very big one!
In the scene where you could see the internal organs of Gomera!
I was so scared that I took Conan!
But wow, if you have moved by cab,
it's normal that you didn't notice the earthquake.
I forgot to mention it!
It's just that I was a mess because of my boyfriend's death.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Why did he change his attitude all of a sudden?
And so have you!
Haven't you been protecting me, in the beginning?
Eh?!
When Inspector Megure explained your alibi to me before...
"No... It would be just then, that I fell asleep."
"I got a thread of your hat stuck to my hand
when I touched my hair."
That's why there's a good chance
that some of my hair got stuck... on your cap.
Oh...
Hm.
Here.
Allow me.
Examine as much as you like!
I suppose you'll find hair
of this presumptuous curly-haired inspector.
Do you admit to committing the crime?
Yes, I did it!
He was a filthy, heartless swindler! A con man?
I started dating this man 7 years ago,
when I was only 20.
He was always messing with money.
and I've lost count of how much I've given him to support him.
When I told him I had no more money to give him,
he said he would take my jewelry in a loan house.
"I gave him some once,
"But since it was a souvenir of my mother, who is dead,
"I went to the lending house to get it back
and they told me that nothing like it had been taken to them."
Suspicions made me follow him, and then I saw her.
A woman was wearing my mother's ring!
I later learned that she had started dating this man two years before I met him.
two years before I met him and had even gotten engaged.
And why the hell didn't she report him to the police!
This is a very serious scam!
Reporting him would only get him arrested.
I wouldn't make up for 7 years lost, do you understand?
That's why I've put an end to your life once and for all!
It's your punishment for having made me waste 7 years of my life,
when I was young and pretty!
Anyway, I never thought the police could do any good,
so I decided I'd do it myself.
Come on, let's go.
What a pity.
I know you weren't like that before.
You're sure?
That you knew me at all, before now?
Well, yes, but I can see that you must not remember that.
Look: I'll tell you something, kid.
Men's ego makes them believe that women never change.
Yes, they do.
Depending on events, an angel can become a demon.
A woman's heart is changeable like the autumn sky.
Ha-ha-ha !!!
But what a cruel girl!
-She's gone too far. -Ei.
What is ego?
It means to always think of oneself.
Hey, aren't you feeling well?
Inspector Shiratori has a lot to assimilate...
Listen to me.
Do you want us to call Sato?
Say.
I have her phone number.
No.
No, no way, guys.
I'm fine, leave me alone, let...
Here you go.
Hey, uh...
A prize for catching the killer.
I made it out of a paper cane wrapper.
They're... cherry blossoms.
Yes.
All policemen wear the symbol of the cherry blossom.
Because they are strong, kind and handsome!
It's the flower of justice!
-Who told you that? -Miss Kobayashi!
She taught us how to make these strips the other day.
-Excuse me... Miss Kobayashi?
Excuse me;
I've been told that there are some children from my class here...
and I've come to look for them.
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
It's Miss Kobayashi!
You should take care of these children, please.

Yes, I'll take them home by cab.
-No. Oh!
If you don't mind, I'll take them with my car.
Uh... I'll take them home in my car.
Excuse me, the children have caused you enough trouble...
and now, on top of that, you have to drive them home.
No.
I don't mind, don't worry.
An unexpected happy ending, isn't it? Yes.
(Think) "As they say, the cherry blossoms are in bloom."
So-Soejima?
No way!
We'll let the police here classify it as an accident.
Wait a moment, please!
I still can't believe it!
I'm telling you to stop it!
Go away and calm down a little!
There's neither a hundred percent chance nor a zero.
If one gambles with this... Eh?
Don't smoke that...
"Don't miss the next episode: 'A crime that can't be proven'."

