Eh? Mm?
I don't know, but...
I think that girl was already sitting there when we got there.
Oh, she's a hottie!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yes, she was."
"And it's been more than two hours already."
- (cell phone: vibrates) -Oh!
Yes, hello?
Yes, it's me.
What?!
What-what did he say?
Ouch!
Hey, you're not feeling well?
-Excuse me... -What happened to you?
Look, if you want to explain it to me.
I'll... I'll introduce myself.
My name is Kogoro Mouri.
-Hey?!
You're the famous detective? -Yes!
In fact I just got a call from the police;
someone has died in my house.
What?
What does it say?
(Shinichi voice) "Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"Today's case is a drag. It's a crime that can't be proven?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainiku no ame dakedo
yotei door dekake mashou
Sekkaku no vestir mo
Anata ni wa Miete Naish

Shuumatsu no sakura Door nara
hanayaida Shiroi michi
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
natsukashinda Serusier
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba
Kizutsuke Awazu ni
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
Omou koto mo dekiru KEDO
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
Iroasete yuku Omois mo ario
Soredemo samezame to nagareteku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana
Ah... hyururu hay wa ochite
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"A crime that cannot be proven."
The deceased was Itsuro Soejima, age 27.
He was the husband of the younger sister of Kyoko Takahata,
the owner of this house.
(Both) Mm!
Well, we have... a fallen spider and a shotgun.
It seems to have been accidentally shot.
(Conan's voice) Of it, what's wrong? (Conan) Huh?
No... No, it's okay.
Ah...
(Shinichi, thinks) "And surprisingly..."
Sorry I'm late.
What the hell were you doing, Chiba?! P-pardon me, please.
Eh?
So-Soejima?
It can't be!
(Shinichi, think) "The victim was Chiba's friend from college."
Can you tell me what happened?
His gun must have gone off accidentally.
-L'aranya has fallen cap.
I-Eh ?!
-Approximate time of death? -Almost an hour ago.
That is, he has entered the house while she was out,
started... drinking until he got drunk,
grabbed the shotgun from the gun rack, loaded it...
And it accidentally went off while he was acting crazy.
It's... impossible.
I was already afraid that something like that would happen to Itsuro...!
He had me very much in love.
Mm?
What do you mean by that?
I'd rather not say, but the Itsuro...,
business started, business failed,
and his debts kept growing.
He made my sister Shiori suffer badly.
On the other hand, he kept drinking and causing trouble everywhere!
Six months ago...
my sister died and things started to get worse.
He even showed up drunk at the gym
and at the shooting range where I aimed.
-It can't be, sir. -Don't touch me!
Let me go!
Aaah!
In the end... he ended up getting kicked out of the gym,
and they also took away his gun license.
Since then, he always touches my guns.
So, he waited for you to leave home to come here...
and ended up like this.
I-I don't believe it.
It's true that in Soejima he was a total drunk.
He'd even talked to me.
But he... he was determined to quit... alcohol.
He was determined to quit, but he wasn't able to, I can tell.
W-wait.
He told me about the incident at the shooting range,
and he swore to me that he would never touch a gun again!
He was so blinded by alcohol that he had to forget about it.
It's impossible.
With a pile of dishes as appetizing as these,
it's understandable that he would feel like drinking from time to time.
Mm, you can say that again!
These dishes go very well with a good glass.
Coi as a kid!
Stop making smart-ass comments!
He took out of the fridge the dishes he had prepared.
-No, that's not true.
Ran! Conan, we're in the way...
But what about the key? The key?
Yes... How did he get in if no one was home?
It doesn't look like he forced any doors or windows.
He must have had a copy of the key.
Yes, that's right!

But there is no copy of the key anywhere.
And more.
It seems that this gentleman has neither wallet nor cell phone on him.
Coi de nano!
Stop walking around in the middle!
There is a copy of the key at the entrance.
Now I think I told him where I used to leave it...
And the gun rack where he kept the shotgun and cartridges?
I'm sure it was locked.
How do you see it?
The lock looks a bit old and it's not in very good condition.
In this case, anyone could have opened it right away.
First you should know that that display case
does not meet the requirements
to be used as a gun cabinet!
You can prepare to have your firearms license revoked.
And you will be fined! I'm sorry...
I suppose it will be an inevitable consequence, of course.
(Shinichi, thinks) "But, on the other hand,
"This will mean that the matter will be closed,
Regardless of whether a person has died."
We'll let the police here classify it as an accident.
Wait a moment, please!
I still can't believe it!
-But, man... -We investigated this further!
Chiba, you must calm down!
This was an accident!
But... I'm telling you, that's enough!
Go and calm down a bit!
I understand very well how you feel about the death of your friend, but...
(Conan's voice) Listen..., what were you doing in that coffee shop?
(Conan's voice) What? You've been there for more than two hours.
Were you expecting something? No, no, I wasn't expecting anything.
Really? (Conan voice) Enough of that color!
Go get some air and come back when you've calmed down.
Oh, what a pain! (Tap: mana)
What is this? What is this?
This was on Soejima's cell phone.
Really? (Tap: mana) Yes.
Shiori, his wife, had one just like it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "But the cell phone isn't at the crime scene."
(Conan voice) Hey, do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Eh?
What character did you have in Soejima?
I was a disaster at sports and only practiced judo,
but he was a genius at everything he did.
On the other hand, he didn't tolerate being under pressure very well.
I understand that he overcame the stress of work by drinking.
It could be that the shooting range and the gymnasium
weren't the only places where he caused problems.
It occurs to me that maybe it would be a good idea to do a little more research
to do a little more digging around that gang.
You're right!
What do you know!
We might find out something we don't know.
Let's go!
(Shinichi voice) "When we set out to investigate,
we discovered similar incidents one after another."
(Conan voice) Was he driving drunk?
If it wasn't for the barrier,
he would have crashed and surely would have killed!
(Shinichi, thinks) "That happened a month ago."
"And two months ago, one winter night,
the monkey was left sleeping in the middle of the street in the middle of the night."
"If she had been found too late, she would have died of cold."
"Adding up all the incidents and accidents
that were occurring over the past 6 months, we had 9 cases."
After Shiori died, Soejima was very depressed...
and he was drinking more than usual for a while.
But he kept repeating that this time he would come unglued.
But every time he started to recover,
he had an even worse relapse,
time after time for the last 6 months.
Just as Mr. Mouri says, even though he really wanted to quit,
he wasn't able to...
But he was a lucky guy.
Even though he was just... his little sister's husband,
it seems that the Kyoko took care of paying the fines
and compensation for the victims of the accidents he caused,
and himself.
(Shinichi, he thinks) "And she also made him a partner in the shooting range.
"And of the gym where he caused trouble,
"And offered him a copy of the key
"To allow him to enter a house where there is a gun rack
that can hardly be kept locked."
(Conan voice) You know what it is, a crime of negligence?
A crime of negligence?
" 'Crime by negligence' means that someone foresees
"That an action may result in a harmful and criminal act,
"and yet,
"And, yet, allows that action to take place despite the consequences."
Naturally I know what you mean....
But I am surprised that a boy like you knows this term, you see.
Ah, that...,

is that I once heard Mr. Mouri say it, you know?
Even if I could foresee that Soejima's vice of drinking too much could end up
of drinking too much could end up killing him,
he made it possible for him to get behind the wheel of a car,
recommended him to go to a shooting range and swimming,
and allowed him to get drunk and get the shotgun out of the gun rack
while she was away.
It could be that she died and it could be that she didn't.
There is neither a 100% chance nor a zero.
If one gambles with this.... Eh?
Don't smoke that...
Conan, I've brought the key.
Maybe it would be better to tell Mr. Mouri
and Inspector Megure.
So much.
Take the key, hurry! Conan, don't open!
(Shinichi, thinks) "This floor..."
We're in the dark.
Where's the switch? (Conan's voice) W-wait!
(Conan voice) Of course!
It was the cell phone's charging indicator light.
The charging? Hey, whose cell phone is this?
I'm sure it's Shiori's cell phone.
It was a Soejima's habit.
Always keep Shiori's cellphone charged
so as not to lose the data.
Just a second...
In theory, it's been about half a day since anyone entered this apartment.
On the other hand... Oh, what a shock!
Someone has been here until recently and has used this cell phone.
What are you thinking?
Who would do this?
Eh?
Evidently, someone was here.
He was looking for something.
You think it must have been a burglar?
If that were the case, he wouldn't bother to leave the door locked.
This is true, but a while ago I heard on the radio...
that the police in Beika have arrested a housebreaker
who was robbing in the area.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wait, maybe..."
Eh?
What's that?
Look, there's a shiny pebble on the furniture.
What's that?
Where to?
This is...
(Shinichi, think) "Mm... I've got it!"
What does this mean, Mr. Mouri?
Are you saying you suspect me?
And now, no.
(Shinichi, thinking) "No, ma'am.
It's not what you think.
Chiba, speak up!
What's this about?
Why have you gathered us all together?
Give us an explanation!
It's-it's that... look...
The person who committed this crime is you, Miss Kyoko Takahata!
Eh?! What?
I beg your pardon?!
Conan told me that...
Mr. Mouri will explain everything point by point.
What?!
Where did you get that I...?!
Listen to me!
Ouch!
Roll couplet...
(Mouri's voice) Well, now I'll tell you.
I take back what I said.
Eh ?!
I do suspect you.
Or maybe it wasn't you who murdered Mr. Soejima?
Itsuro?
That I killed her?
Well... you've been planning it for 6 months..., sorry.
You had a long term plan to assassinate him
and you didn't care how many years it took to get him killed.
It is murder by negligent misdemeanor!
You have paved the way for Mr. Soejima, who drank too much,
would have every chance of ending up dead through carelessness.
And after that, all we had to do was wait.
Yes.
Having a cup of tea at the coffee shop.
How interesting.
This looks like a movie.
-Do you have any proof of what you say? - (Mouri voice) He asks for proof?
Very well, soon you will have the first one.
No, I correct: he will have his testimony.
A witness?
Chiba, I asked for it at the Beika police station and I brought it to you.
Thank you very much.
What?
I didn't know anything about that!
Excuse me, inspector.
Mr. Mouri asked in Chiba for collaboration.
This man is Naoya Nishitani.
He's the housebreaker who arrested the Beika police station just yesterday.
-A burglar? - (Mouri voice) Exactly.
Yesterday, he snuck in here and saw everything going on.
What did you say? Come on...
Repeat again what you said before.
I repeat it.
He came in all of a sudden
when I was rummaging around to see what I could find on the second floor.
I am Itsuro!
Kyoko?
(thinks) "Wow, you! Didn't you ask me to come?"
No!
I can't drink!
No... no way...
(Nishitani) "I was toast in a jiffy."
"He took the shotgun out of the cabinet...
and just when he thought he was screwed..."
(Shot)
(Shot) Ah!
(Gunshot) Oh!
Ah...!
(Mouri's voice) It was all organized very conscientiously.
We're no longer talking about storing the weapons incorrectly.

nor of a license withdrawal, but of a murder as a house!
Wait a minute!
But this is what this thief says!
Who do you think you believe, him or me?
(Mouri) You don't care about anything, where is Mr. Soejima's motive?
-Oh! (Mouri's voice) Of course.
You can't deny me that, since yesterday, you were looking for something.
I was looking for the victim's cell phone.
(Soejima, thinks) "Wow, you! Didn't you ask me to come here?"
(Mouri voice) I wanted to delete the message I had sent him,
where he told her to come home.
Last night he went to look for the cell phone
at Mr. Soejima's apartment, didn't you?
What are you talking about?
Your false nails are magnificent.
But do you still have all the diamond imitations
they put on you?
-Chiba? -Yes.
They found it near Shiori's cell phone charger.
It's the same kind of stone you wear on your fingernails.
-And the cell phone?
What about it? Ah, look...
After taking the money out of the wallet,
he threw it all into the river in the handbag.
All the data is lost and can't be recovered.
Oh, well...
It's a pity they have no proof.
Anyway, it has never existed, the message you just said.
(Mouri voice) I wasn't looking for the message you sent him.
I was looking for the cell phone of the Shiori you touched.
Mr. Soejima had kept it like a treasure
even after she died,
and always kept it charged.
It is possible that, for him, it was a way to keep her alive.
Please don't talk nonsense!
You have no idea how that man made her suffer.
She died because she asked for it!
(Mouri's voice) At last we have felt... that he really thinks.
And what do you plan to do?
Stop me, maybe?!
(Mouri's voice) I am a detective.
I can neither arrest you, nor can I judge you by your actions.
A detective's job is limited to finding the truth.
And this time I have found... your sister's heart.
Eh?
Shiori's heart?
(Cell phone: message signal) Mm?
(Mouri's voice) It's a message.
He can look, don't suffer.
I'm sorry.
It can't be!
(Mouri's voice) Maybe it's a message from heaven.
Why don't you read it, huh?
"Forgive me, Itsuro, we should have fought together,
"but I've fallen ill.
"When I'm cured, we'll get well again...
"And we'll apologize to my sister.
"Don't worry, I'm sure she'll understand.
She's very kind, and the only sister I have."
Shiori!
Don't tell me that...
(Mouri voice) It's a message sent by the Shiori when she was still alive.
Although it's to her cell phone with the messages sent
and I've had it forwarded.
Conan! Yes!
Forgive me for giving you a scare.
Since this was Shiori's cell phone,
you didn't look at it thoroughly yesterday, did you?
(Mouri voice) But in the end, the illness killed her.
You were left without knowing what your sister was feeling
and started planning the murder of Mr. Soejima.
That's a lie!
She shouldn't...
She should hate that man!
Soejima was trying to pull herself together with all her might.
If she had not been blinded by hatred, she would have realized it.
Of his feelings and her determination....
(Mouri voice) From now on everything depends on you.
Now that you know how the Shiori felt,
you can either live the rest of your life overlooking everything you have done
and lying to your sister, or maybe...?
Shi-Shiori...
(Shinichi voice) "The Kyoko Takahata confessed everything."
"But it remains to be seen in what way it will be judged
whether or not Soejima's death is a crime of negligence."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Father, what are you doing?
I've been thinking that drinking too much is not good for you, you know?

I will train myself to resist by putting all the bottles in front of me.
Aaah!
I won't be able to!
Come on, let's go!
Let's do the drink!
Resisting is stressful and worse for your health!
(Shinichi voice) At least I could make a little effort.
A very gluttonous haunted warehouse.
Just once, wouldn't you like to leave him with his nose in a twist?
Yes, just once,
I want to see the look of pity on his face when we beat him.
It's impossible!
I'm pretty sure there was a whole pile of treasures in here.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"Duel to find treasure in the haunted warehouse (part 1)"

