(Child) Hey!
Come out at once!
Where have you been?
We have to go home!
May I know where you are?
(Crows squawk)
Blow!
What a blast!
Eh?
(Raven: cackle)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"Today, we have a duel to find treasure in a haunted warehouse!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Duel to find a treasure
the haunted warehouse (part one)"
(Warning bells)
(Mitsuhiko) Very good.
And now we'll go over the exploits of the Junior Detective League.
First we have the red, white and yellow case!
You're talking about the case of Kaito Sugiura's house fire, right?
(Crows: croak)
In Kaito told us about it!
At night one of the building's tenants does strange things!
To live up to my nickname,
I'll tell you who has white hands and who has black hands.
Soon we will know which of the 3 suspects....
is the yellow arsonist who started the fire.
In Kaito's diary, he talked about the red man and the white man.
And the real culprit was the yellow man, right?
That's right.
And Conan was called Kuroshiro.
In Conan he solved the mystery of the red man, the white man and the yellow man,
and the criminal was arrested!
The exploits of Conan
are the exploits of the Junior Detective League!
Of course they are!
Because he's a member of the Junior Detective League.
And then there's the Horn Rock case!
The message left by the girl they had killed with the words:
"mackerel", "carp", "sea bream" and "turbot".
There are some letters engraved... on the rock behind you.
Mackerel, carp, sea bream, turbot?
Conan!
Where are you going?
We saw that message deciphered and we were able to catch the killer.
-Yes, in Conan! -And the Junior Detective League!
(Mitsuhiko) You're right!
And the one about the TV show
my father was involved in.
I'm going to see what's going on! Where are you going, Conan?!
Wait for me here!
Stop it! Stop it!
Stop it!
I've had enough of listening to your lies!
Have you taken us for idiots, or what?!
I heard what you said with these ears!
Do me a favor and shut up for once!
I have an idea.
Do you want me to stick my hand down your throat and start rummaging around
until I find the paper you swallowed and your lunch today
and yank it out of you?
Ah... No.
I confess everything.
That time my father also did a great feat!!!
Yes.
But that day we did nothing.
At Conan... he left without us.
So much is, that!
It was a feat of my father and the Junior Detective League.
-Maybe so.
And let's not forget the Kinosaki hot springs case!
(Mitsuhiko) It's true!
(Mitsuhiko) "In order to find the Ran, which had disappeared,
we, the Junior Detective League,"
formed a great team with Heiji, the western detective.
Despite being on crutches,
Conan began a great skateboard chase.
The crab rolls,
crab ice cream and crab sticks were great.
And then there's the one about the bank robbery!
And also the Gomera movie case!
-We've done some great stuff! -Yes, all thanks to Conan!
(Genta) Yes, and me too.
I've already told Miss Kobayashi
that we've finished cleaning up the class.
(Genta) Great!
Then we're going home!
(Genta) Eh?
Robberies?
You mean... the ones that made the news today?
Yes.
Be alert when it's closing time, please.
It's some lowlifes who are hitting jewelry stores
and antique stores in the neighborhood,
and since the first of the month there's already been five robberies.
But it's an elementary school.

There's nothing to steal, here...
No, no, no!
You can never be prudent enough, can you?
If anything should happen, do not hesitate to contact me.
-They'll come flying! -Eh?
Yes...
Inspector Shiratori has come again.
-Yesterday he came too. Yes... He takes his job to heart.
Of course, because he's a policeman who protects the citizens!
No, he's the officer in charge...
the crimes of the First Investigation Division...
and he works on murder cases.
Robberies are handled by the Third Investigation Division.
But, if they are known thieves like the Kaito Kid..,
who is dedicated to sending out warnings before stealing,
to go around the sky and cause a stir among the people,
the case ends up being handled by the Second Division.
-Why did he come here? -If he doesn't work in robberies...
About it... It's just that... He can't help it.
For Inspector Shiratori, he and Miss Kobayashi...
He has, for you.
Thank you for helping me before.
Are those cherry blossoms?
I've seen that all policemen wear the cherry blossom symbol!
Because they are strong, kind and handsome!
It's the flower of justice!
...they are predestined.
(At the same time) predestined?!
Eh?
XXT!
XXT!
(Shinichi voice) Stop....
He wanted to confess it when he had the chance
and asked us not to say anything.
Are you sure?
I can't stand them... the donkeys incapable of confessing their feelings
who make women dizzy as if they were in a romantic comedy...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You don't mean that for my sake, do you?
Anyway, it seems to me that they make a good couple.
(Thinking) "Pass me by."
Ms. Kobayashi is a fan of Ranpo Edogawa
and she loves cases!
She can talk to Inspector Shiratori about investigations.
Now that she's talking about cases..., at lunchtime she explains one.
Oh, is that so?
Yes, that's right... An angry warehouse case, right?
No.
You don't say angry.
It's a haunted warehouse.
(Conan voice) A haunted warehouse?
In Takuma, from our class,
"He says he was playing hide-and-seek with a friend at a relative's house,
Beika's fifth district."
"The friend hid but in Takuma he couldn't find it."
"In the end he thought the only place he hadn't looked was the warehouse."
"He climbed a tree and looked inside the warehouse through a window."
"Inside was a pile of artwork that looked very expensive,
and someone looked at it... among all those treasures."
And wasn't it the friend he played hide-and-seek with?
Well, Takuma thought so too and tried to go inside.
But he found the door locked
"And he couldn't open it."
"He called his friend, but when he didn't come out,
he asked the people in the house to open the door."
"Then the owner told him...
"That that warehouse had been closed for many years,
and that it was impossible for anyone to enter."
And... and then he stopped looking for his friend?
No, no.
When Takuma insisted that there was someone inside, they opened the door...
"And when they entered...
all the treasures and the person he had seen before had disappeared."
"When he saw Takuma's surprised face,
the owner told him the legend of that warehouse."
"Important things should never be kept in this warehouse.
If any are left in it, they disappear immediately.
Because this haunted warehouse is so gluttonous that it swallows them!"
(Raven: cricket)
Don't tell me that the friend I was looking for
was also eaten by the haunted warehouse!
No, it seems that later he suddenly appeared somewhere else.
But it seems that Takuma was so impressed,
that now the poor guy has nightmares every night.
He didn't come to school today either, maybe that's why.
Now I understand.
A very gluttonous haunted warehouse.
It's really strange, it seems to be taken from the world of Ranpo Edogawa...
-Miss Kobayashi... And Inspector Shiratori?
Ah.
He left a while ago humming a song.
But this warehouse thing is more important.
We, the Junior Detective League,
have to solve the mystery of that warehouse
so that Takuma can be left in peace, okay?
-You guys are selected! - Wait a minute!
I am the advisor of the Junior Detective League!
You can't get past me!
What a face...

If Ms. Kobayashi were to come with us,
she would make things very complicated for us.
She would tell us that we can't enter here or there,
or that it's time to go home.
She won't let us do anything...
Listen.
So, if that particular warehouse is the fifth precinct...
We are at the Mouri Detective Agency, which is the fifth district?
Go into the agency and wait for me for a moment.
I'll leave a note for the Ran
that I'll be late today, okay?
(Mitsuhiko) A haunted warehouse!
It's going to be so much fun!
But what if the warehouse is a real monster?
It's okay, man.
I'm sure Conan will solve the mystery and prove that it's not a monster!
-You're right, aren't you?
- (Ai) Come on! -(Ai) Huh?
You guys always let the Edogawa do it even if he doesn't do anything.
Just once, wouldn't you like to leave him with his nose in a twist?
Eh?!
That's impossible.
It's totally impossible.
Because Conan is very smart!
And he knows a lot of strange things.
I'm talking about having a determined attitude!
By behaving like that, you never grow up!
- (Mitsuhiko) Excuse me, where are you going? -To the washroom.
(Mitsuhiko) Ah...
I'm not.
I'm growing up.
Just today my mother told me that I've grown too big.
-Huh? -But guys... -But guys...
I would like to see it.
Of course you would!
On Conan with a nose like that!
You've won.
It's true!
Yes, if only once,
I want to see the look of pity on his face when we win it.
-No, and now... -We were just joking, man.
We weren't serious.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
What are you doing by the table?
-Hey? -No, nothing... -No, nothing...
Mr. Kogoro has gone to the horse races and he's not here.
What?
Where's the Haibara?
Did you call me?
Au, let's go to that haunted warehouse right away!
Let's go right now and solve the mystery fast!
No mystery can resist the Junior Detective League!
Guys, he's really excited today...
Ah... Do you really think so?
It's just that today we...
We're a little different from what you're... used to seeing!
You yourselves,
but if you get too much thrust, it'll lose its wings...
-Yes! -Come on, let's go!
Yes.
(Man) Ah, so you're Takuma's friends?
And you say you came to see that warehouse?
Yes.
Because we are the Junior Detective League!
It's good to be curious,
but you should be careful not to go too far inside,
lest the warehouse eat you.
Ya el sents.
Tant is...
Ghost stories
are the fruit of optical illusions that are scary.
In this world there is no mystery...
...that cannot be solved.
Yes, and....
(Ouch) Wow..., it looks pretty old, but it's a very normal warehouse.
-It looks like it was built during the Bakumatsu era.
(Camera: click) Eh?
(Click)
- (click) - (click)
(Click) But what are you doing?
We are... taking pictures.
Because now we will solve the mystery of the warehouse.
What's wrong with taking pictures of the surroundings of the warehouse?
None, really.
Au, it's already open.
You can see there's nothing in here.
Oooh!
(Ayumi) It's super big!
But in the dark, you can't see anything at all.
The only thing you can see is the slit of light that filters through that window
through that window over there, near the roof.
Come on, let's take pictures inside the warehouse, too.
Yes.
Be careful.
You can't even see where you put your feet.
Ouch!
Conan?! How... How wrong...
Creating lessons to others
and then you're the first to end up on the ground.
You're wrong, it's just that this scale...
Eh?
(thinks) "There are footprints of someone who's been in here."
"On top of that, there's only the center of the warehouse."
"And they're not the footprints of a child."
"Is this... an abacus?"
"The footprints
lead to the abacus that's embedded in the wall."
"The number of balls on the abacus is a little strange."
Kids!
You've seen that there's nothing there!
I'll close the door now.
Please come out! Uh... Yes.
Hey, hey, hey!
You must leave too.
Yes.
Yes!
Are you satisfied, detective boys?
-Yeah... -Sort of...
Okay, I'll take it.

But would you let us go back to inspect the warehouse when the sun sets?
when the sun goes down?
We'll stay here without disturbing you.
-Please! -Yes, I don't mind.
But I'm sure you won't find anything.
It was that window, wasn't it? (crows caw)
In Takuma look into the warehouse from there.
Yes, because that's the only window there.
So, what's to say about not waiting for the sun to go down...
And go take a look now?
See what treasures you saw in Takuma.
(crows squawk)
Hey, Conan, is everything all right?
Watch out.
Don't fall, please!
It's that much.
If there's nothing, inside.
We've already looked at it before!
I just want to check something.
Once I've looked inside, I'll come down from the tree.
(Raven: cricket)
Have the owner come, quick!
Mail!
(Raven: mail!) -Huh? -But...
I am convinced that there is nothing.
What is it?
Do you see it?
It's im... possible!
Tell me, what did you see when you looked?
I'm pretty sure that in here,
until a second ago,
there was a whole pile of treasures
piled up on the floor.
But in reality there is nothing.
Yeah...
But when I looked out that window, they were there, inside!
"There was a whole mountain of artwork and antiques on the ground,
in this warehouse!"
But... they are not there.
I repeat that there is something wrong here!
Some mechanism in this ground...
or in this ceiling makes the treasures disappear.
No, sir.
I believe that there is nothing strange, in the ceiling.
Eh? The proof is this picture!
It's the picture I took when you climbed up the tree
next to the warehouse and looked inside.
The window is located about two meters from the roof, or less.
And from the inside, the window you see is at the same distance.
About two meters from the roof.
In other words, there is not enough room on the roof...
to mount any kind of mechanism!
A-that's what it looks like... So, we only have the floor left.
Yes, surely there is some mechanism that allows us to remove this ground...
and lift up the real earth where the treasures are.
(Genta) No!
-That can't be either! -It's impossible!
(Genta) Eh? (Genta) Mm?
Come and look at this here
The voices?
The Junior Detective League pin.
And someone's drawn penciled some stripes around it.
I did that.
This proves it's the same place where I left it.
And my pin is here.
See it?
My pin hasn't moved either.
Yes, and on top of that, it's quite far from the pin in Genta.
That means we don't have any evidence to prove to us
that this ground has tilted or slid over an empty space.
Therefore, the Edogawa theory of the mechanism....
that makes it possible to remove this soil
and to raise the real one where the treasures are is unfounded.....
-You are doing very well. -Really?
Eh?
Wait a minute!
Have you seen anything, Mitsuhiko?
This warehouse is... strange!
-What do you see, strange? -That it's gone!
I had left my pin here and it's gone!
What?!
Did you really leave it here?
Yes, I'm sure I left it there, leaning against the wall.
And you couldn't have dropped it somewhere?
No.
I've been looking for it, but I haven't found it.
This means that the floor and the wall in this area have shifted
and the pin has fallen through the space in between.
And it could be that the person hiding in this storeroom
has taken it.
What... is there someone?
-No.
No, it can't be! -Ah!
Is it a monster?
That would be ridiculous.
Didn't you say that ghost stories
were the result of scary optical illusions?
You're... you're right.
But, in any case, it is quite clear that in this warehouse there is...
some mechanism to remove and hide treasures
and do it in a very short time.
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni

asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Investigations want speed, man!
(Shinichi voice) This is Miss Kobayashi's doing!
She must be giving them clues.
(Conan voice) It seems to me that the ground is farther away than before.
Farther away?
Maybe, as it has eaten the treasures that Conan has seen,
now it has become fatter.
It can't be...
Don't miss the next episode:
"Duel to find a treasure
the haunted warehouse (second part)".

