(Shnichi voice) "A haunted warehouse..."
"The Junior Detective League is going to investigate a warehouse
"that makes things that are put inside it disappear
in a jiffy."
"How come Genta and company are so excited?"
"When we went to examine the warehouse,
"We saw that on the floor there are some footprints here and there,
and that there's an abacus embedded in the wall."
"But other than that, it's just an empty warehouse."
"But when I looked in through the window....,
the warehouse had a pile of treasures piled up on the floor."
"That's impossible! It was empty a second ago!"
"On the other hand, when we opened the door again," he said,
"The treasures that were supposed to be in there were gone.
and it was as empty as the first time."
"It has occurred to me that perhaps the ceiling or the floor has moved,
"and this has caused the treasures to appear and disappear,
"But with Mitsuhiko's photo and the marks they made on the floor,
this possibility has been ruled out."
"Now then, I'm sure there is one thing here:
A mechanism that allows treasures to be taken out and hidden at will."
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"A strangely inspired Junior League of Detectives
unravels the mystery of the mechanical warehouse."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainiku no ame dakedo
yotei door dekake mashou
Sekkaku no vestir mo
Anata ni wa Miete Naish

Shuumatsu no sakura Door nara
hanayaida Shiroi michi
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
natsukashinda Serusier
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba
Kizutsuke Awazu ni
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
Omou koto mo dekiru KEDO
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
Iroasete yuku Omois mo ario
Soredemo samezame to nagareteku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana
Ah... hyururu hay wa ochite
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Duel to find a treasure in the haunted warehouse (2nd part)."
First, my attention is drawn to...
The strange altar above the access door to the warehouse.
Isn't placing it right up there supposed to be dangerous?
If someone were to enter just when an offering is being made
there would be an accident.
That's-that's true.
And then, more than that altar guy,
what doesn't quite fit with me is that one.
The abacus embedded in the wall opposite the door with the altar.
And why is this?
Perhaps it is for counting the treasures that are kept in the warehouse.
If that were the case, it would have been placed vertically.
Horizontally, the balls will fall down...
at the same moment that... they are moved upwards.
No: bars protrude from behind the balls...
and are inserted into the rear slots.
Genta, let me climb on your back.
Surely, by moving any of these balls up...
(thud)
Listen, he felt a noise!
Conan, move more balls, come on! Aaa... yes.
Let's see, moving the ball up from underneath the one I just moved up...
(thud) Oh!
It fell down.
It seems that this abacus is a kind of switch,
and if you bring up the wrong ball,
the mechanism restarts from zero.
Judging by the dust that can be seen on this type of ball,
it appears that, at the top right end,
the ball on the right is the only one they've moved.
And, in the bottom section, starting from the right,
the columns where no balls have been moved are the third and the sixth,
and neither is the fourth, which is empty...,
as well as the eighth, which is completely full and cannot be moved.
The balls of the others have moved.
Let's see..., the third column starting from the right.
Which columns were they? The fourth, the sixth and the eighth.
Ah, you're writing a message?
Eh?
I'm making a note.
So I don't forget.
I'll go back and take a look through that window.
You guys wait for me here dins.
Yes.
You guys, you haven't finished looking at the warehouse yet?
No...
Eh?
(Shinichi, think) "There's a strange crack in the door."
"Also, these steps..."
(Genta) Conan, go look, hurry up!
Investigations want speed, man!
Yes...
(Shinichi, thinks) "This is Miss Kobayashi's doing!"
She must be giving them clues.
(Kobayashi) What?

That I called the children?
I don't have time for that!
I'm in a teachers' meeting right now.
What's the matter?
You've gone to that warehouse, haven't you?
Tell me where it is!
"I'll join you..."
(Shinichi, think) "I've made a mistake. This means that I've only got..."
I have indeed been called.
El Ay, in fact. (Shinichi voice) "Don't pretend!"
You have called the children, haven't you, doctor?
"I haven't!"
"Ay told me you'd be late today."
I'm preparing a veal stew that takes a long time.
Veal stew?
But you made them, these things?
(Subaru voice) "The onions will be ready very soon."
(Subaru voice) "Really?" Wait, in Subaru is here with you?
Yes, and I take this opportunity to ask him to prepare us some requisidets.
The truth is that he has a lot of skill, with the kitchen!
Of course he is.
And in Subaru he doesn't send messages while cooking, I guess.
"Of course not!"
If he got a little absent-minded he'd burn everything!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Who could it be? Who would be helping them ten?"
- (mobile: tuuut) -Gosh!
-You called him Conan Edogawa, didn't you? -Yes.
It looks like he's gone to investigate a haunted warehouse
with the school group.
A haunted warehouse?
Yes, from what Ay told me when he called me earlier,
it's a mysterious warehouse where the things that are kept inside
suddenly disappear.
Wow!
That's a very funny story.
Oh!
Ah, Conan!
Gee...
Is there anything new?
Do you see anything different inside the warehouse?
No, it's exactly the same.
The only thing that changes is whether or not there are treasures.
Eh?
It seems to me that the floor is a little further than before.
-Further away? -That's impossible!
A warehouse can't grow like a person does...
Maybe it...
like it has eaten all the treasures that Conan has seen,
now he's gotten fatter.
-It's impossible! -But listen...
- (thud) That nothing has fallen?
I think so, the noise came from the wall!
The pin of the League of Detectives!
-It's... Mitsuhiko's pin! -It's... Mitsuhiko's pin! - (both) What?!
Where the hell did it fall from?
As we suspected, there's something up here!
There must be a monster on the ceiling!
Earlier it picked up Mitsuhiko's pin
and now it's thrown her to the floor!
No, please don't!
(Shinichi, thinking) "A monster on the ceiling? What nonsense!"
Eh?
It can't be!
Guys, we're leaving the warehouse.
Please...
-(Yes, it's really scary...) But...
- (mobile: message alert) Ah!
-You have a message! -Don't tell me!
Guys!
If you don't start leaving the warehouse, it'll be night!
(cell phone rings) Sir! What's that?
Earlier you told us that this warehouse
was built in the Bakumatsu era.
That's right.
That it was built in Kichiemon Samizu,
the master of automatons, perhaps?
That's right.
Then I'd better call...
the inspector of the Third Police Division.
Eh?
Well, looky here.
So you're the ones who called the police?
We haven't seen each other since the doll case, Inspector Momose.
Tell me, my boy, is it true?
Is it true that you may have found the fugitives the police are looking for?
Yes, but it's just that... We have the thieves!
I'm talking about the thieves who have been rampaging through the jewelry stores
and antique stores in this neighborhood!
Those thieves are in this store!
There is... gathered a pile of treasures!
Inside this warehouse, God?
But there's no one in here, no treasures, no nothing at all.
It is empty.
There is a mechanism, in the warehouse, that allows to hide the treasures.
A mechanism?
The first thing that catches the eye are the steps at the entrance.
-Eh? -There are 4, you see?
Yes...
But inside..., inside there are 5 steps.
Ah..., it's true!
Besides, it turns out that the steps inside...
are higher than the steps outside, don't you think?
Well, now that you mention it, maybe...
Now I understand.
So, the first time you enter this warehouse...
Be careful, you can't even see where you're stepping.
Ouch!
...you've been bothered by parrots.
Yes, yes... I thought there were 4 steps the same as the ones outside.

-But what's the importance of this? -Haven't you noticed?
Here there is one more step than outside and, on top of that, the steps are much higher,
the steps are much higher.
This makes the floor level in here
is lower than outside.
Even though it is at a lower level,
there is nowhere for people and things to hide.
Now don't tell me... the floor can be removed somehow.
What is this?
Some pine trees that we have put with some markings
the first time we entered the warehouse.
At that time the warehouse was empty, but...
later, when we came out...
and Conan looked through that window over there..,
he saw that there was a lot of treasures inside!
But this window is about two meters from the ceiling.
And, looking at it from the outside, it also seemed to me to be about two meters.
And you can't see anything, the roof.
And if your pines haven't moved,
it means that there's nothing strange about the floor.
It doesn't look like it, but this warehouse has a trick, you know?
-A trick? -What, Genta, are you ready?
"Yes, now I open it!"
What?!
One window on top of another?
Did you really open the window that you can see from the outside?
Yes, I climbed the tree and opened it.
But how do you eat this?
A second ago the light was filtering through the crack of the window on the...
Now no light is filtering through at all.
It's probably due to cracks in the boards under the window that allow the light to filter through.
that allow the light to filter through.
A fake window was placed on the inside of the window
was placed inside in line with the cracks to make it look like the window is real.
Now the light does not leak through because there must be a mechanism
that slides a plank or something else into the wall to prevent the cracks in the wall
to keep the cracks in the wall from showing.
But, listen, when one shines a flashlight on it?
the assembly becomes obvious.
Of course it does!
If this warehouse had been built today
we might consider it a crude montage.
But they built it in the Bakumatsu era,
when there was no such practical utensil as a flashlight,
which accurately illuminates things that are far away.
This was the best of artifices!
It seems that above the entrance door,
near the roof, there is another one, artificial.
-An artifice? -The other Shinto!
Placing it just above the entrance,
you don't have a clear reference of where the roof is.
If you could compare at first glance
how high the ceiling is from the outside
and what it is once you are inside,
and people saw that it was at a lower level,
the assembly would go for a ride.
So, the key is that it leaves the floor level lower...?
so that the ceiling is not seen to be lower?
Exactly, I mean, the whole point of all this is to make it look like...
that there is nothing in this warehouse,
when in fact there is a secret space in the ceiling.
The truth is that it makes sense.
But how can you get up in this space in the ceiling?
-You don't have to push. -Huh?
We've told you before: the first time we came in,
we put our pines on the floor and made some marks.
When we came back, the pines of Ayumi and Genta had not moved.
But mi, who was leaning against the wall, had disappeared.
-It had disappeared? -Yes.
And after a while he fell from the ceiling.
Surely, the pin that I left in that position...
was stuck between the beams of the ceiling.
And after being suspended up there for a while,
it ended up falling to the floor.
If the pin got stuck in the ceiling, it means that...
-It can't be! -Exactly.
Taking into account that when Conan looked out of that window
he saw a floor where a pile of treasures had been piled up,
I have no doubt;
this ceiling can be raised and lowered whenever you want!
Indeed, it can.
And if the mechanism of a warehouse built when there were no remote controls
when remote controls didn't exist, it means that someone is in there!
it means that someone is in there!
But since we haven't seen it,
nor have we found any traces to prove that she has left the warehouse,
the only thing we can come up with is that it is in the mysterious space in the ceiling.
The guy has been forced to hide on the other side of the ceiling!
And if he's surrounded by treasure....
...there's a good chance he's...
the perpetrator of the robberies that are taking place in this district.

Tell me, Conan, did we get it right?
Yes, correct answer!
You unbelievable!
- (all 3) Hurray! - (Ayumi) Yes!
Listen, and have you figured out how you can move the ceiling?
Well, surely, with the balls of this abacus.
And what to do with the balls? Eh?
Well that..., let's see...
Eh?
If I can't see it in person, I can't figure out anything...
If you can't see it in person, you can't figure out anything...
Of that, no...
Tell me, inspector... did you come here with someone?
Yes, of course.
Then ask him to watch outside the warehouse.
You stay there with the body inside the window frame!
Yes, yes!
Ayumi, Mitsuhiko and Haibara,
you guys wait outside the warehouse
and hide behind the police who are coming.
Yes.
Anyway, I've asked them to send two more agents.
Very good!
Now we just have to lower the roof...
by moving the balls on this abacus.
But how do we have to move them?
The point that attracts the most attention is the central column...
where all these balls are piled up.
That they are in a way that they cannot be moved even if we want to move them,
it means that in the middle we have a dividing line
and that to the right and left something must be shown.
Like what now?
Letters of the two Japanese syllabaries...
or Japanese characters.
Characters?
Let's look at what character is on the left side, okay?
Starting from the far left,
pull up a single space the balls up to the seventh column.
Let's see...
Exactly.
Also, if, starting from the left,
we bring up the third ball of the third, fourth and fifth columns..,
fourth and fifth...
Eh?
In the spaces without balls you can see the character to say "3"!
And now the right rail.
The fact that there is a column where there is no ball
implies that it is a character that has a vertical stroke in the center.
Taking this as a starting point,
we will shoot up one space the following balls:
the second ball of the first column from the far right;
the third ball of the second column starting from the right;
the ball at the bottom of the fifth column
of the fifth column starting from the right.
And the second ball of the seventh column starting from the right.
That is..., is the character on the right..., is it...
the one for "water"?
The "3" and "water".
It's in Kichiemon Samizu!
In Kichiemon Samizu?
He was a master who created automatons during the Bakumatsu era.
But, listen, he hasn't moved at all!
Because we have not finished forming the water character.
In the upper sector, pull up the ball on the far right.
It is the only ball in the top sector that seems to have been moved.
With this we have completed the character!
(Rumor)
We are getting closer and closer to the ceiling!
Aaaah!
(rumbling)
-What happened? -Conan...!
Don't worry, don't worry.
Everything is mounted in such a way that...
the angle formed by the roof leaves a small gap.
Upala!
Tell me, do you want to come and admire a pile of treasures?
These objects appear
to the reports of thefts that have occurred lately!
(Shinichi voice) In Kichiemon was a genius!
What a mechanism more won.
Eh?
But there are things that don't ring a bell, too.
(Conan voice) Can't it be that they were here from the beginning?
I'm convinced they're the treasures that were hidden by
the person who commissioned at Kichiemon Samizu
the construction of this warehouse.
And the person who has used the mechanism of this warehouse
to hide and accumulate the objects that he has stolen is...
this thief who is hidden here.
Now I understand!
After you came out of the warehouse,
he lowered the roof to try to get out.
"But when he realized that you were looking out of the window,
"He started the mechanism in a hurry
and returned the roof to its original position."
God-hay-do.
This mechanism is extraordinary.
Hey, boy!
Switch alert.
Maybe there's another burglar in here.
No, don't worry.
I've only seen one kind of print.
Now... how do we get out of here?
Lowering the roof has left the door half blocked.
Look at that!
Between the door and the floor that has been lowered from above
you can see a kind of crack.
If we manipulate some little corner of this door...
Oh!
Conan!
What a ?!

I hired you once as a gardener!
That time you discovered the secret of this warehouse?
I-I beg your pardon!
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)
Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
-Tell me, what did you think of... -... our deduction?
Did we beat you? It was well put together!
(All 3) Hurray! For a Hattori thing...
Forgive me, please.
I've gone to the detective agency and found the League's.
"And as they told me
that for once they wanted to give you a hard time..."
I just gave them a hand. He-he!
Badly done, Conan!
You can't laugh at your master.
"Master"? That's right.
Because Hattori is your master, right?
(Shinichi voice) What do you mean by this?
I showed you this picture.
Eh?!
It looks pretty good that I'm your teacher, right?
Don't smoke!
This is the ridiculous picture you took that day!
Hey, Kudo, there's something on the floor.
(Shinichi, think) "Hattori's Coi!"
But... we haven't been able to see Conan defeated and with a nose like that!
-It's true. What a pity.
-Do you have a bar, you handsome... -(all 3) Oh...!
That's right!
If you want a wish to come true,
you have to make an effort yourselves to get it.
(Shinichi, think) "Hattori, now don't give lessons!"
What?
You're looking for someone?
Second year at Teitan University, Teruaki Kunisue.
Don't tell me who gave that special amulet to you?
What happened?
The victim was in the toilets, with his arm in a cast.
This means the culprit must still be in here.
(Conan voice) We can find a quick way to find the culprit.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Where is the amulet of shame? (Part One)"

