"In the previous episode we faced.
"In the mystery of a haunted warehouse,
where objects disappeared as if by magic."
"We members of the Junior Detective League solved the case
and found the man hiding in the secret room."
"I found it a little strange that in Mitsuhiko and the others.
"They were so right,
"But I was helping them in Heiji Hattori,
who has come to pay us a visit at the detective agency."
"What will he want, at Heiji?"
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"The Kahuzi can't find her lucky charm,
with the secret she doesn't want to tell Heiji."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Where is the amulet of shame? (Part one)"
(Kogoro) What?
You're looking for someone?
You say you came all the way to Tokyo to look for a person?
That's right.
I'm looking for a boy.
He's a sophomore at Teitan University.
His name is Teruaki Kunisue.
His parents live in Osaka, right next door to the Kazuha's house.
Oh, he's your neighbor? Ah... Yes.
And why are you looking for him?
In Teruaki Kunisue plays tennis very well.
Last vacation, he came to Osaka...
to spend it with his parents, and then...
-What?
An amulet? -Yes.
Will you make me one to help me win the next tennis tournament?
And why me?
Why don't you ask your mother?
I want you to make it for me, Kazuha.
They say your lucky charms are very effective.
And next tournament, I have to win no matter what!
Come on, please, I beg you!
MHM.
So what?
In the end you didn't want to give the amulet to this kid?
No, it's not that.
I did and I wanted to give it to him, but there was a mistake.
-Because you're an idiot! -Hey, watch out!
And who made the mistake? What?
What?
It turns out that...
"One day I found myself looking out the window of the pavilion
where the Kazuha does aikido, and I thought he was a pervert."
"And when I was about to tell him four things..."
Ah, the Kazuha made you an amulet?
Yes, and she promised to give it to me today.
Well, she won't be able to give it to you today.
The Kazuha must take the test to pass the level,
and it looks like she'll be training until very late today.
That's why I'm here,
because her mother asked me to bring her this thermos flask.
Once, this shrike trained too hard,
got dehydrated and passed out.
Well, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I have just enough time to catch the bullet train back to Tokyo.
-If you want, I'll fetch it for you. Huh?
If he wanted to give it to you today, he must have the bag.
Ah, thank you.
Ah, I've already found it.
It must be this one.
"Don't tell me he gave you..."
that lucky charm that is so special to you!
That's exactly right!
The pair of the amulet I made for Heiji
with a piece of chain inside!
And that idiot gave my to en Heiji!
(Heiji) And what did I know?
I've never seen it before, this thing.
That's what you get for meddling where you're not wanted...
and giving him an amulet that was attached to my bag!
Hey, don't exaggerate.
You had made this one too, and I don't think it's so lucky...
It doesn't bring good luck?
I always had it on me and nothing has ever happened to me,
"And when you left your to Conan,
after nothing he shot you!"
"Yes, it's true."
"Thanks to that amulet,
they stuck a knife in me but they didn't do anything to me."
When you fall into the sea, what?
Isn't it true that you were saved thanks to the power of my amulet?
"I fell into the water, but I think it was the fault of this amulet coi."
Listen to me: if something happens to me because I don't have it anymore...
Heiji, I'll curse you forever!
That's why I told you that I would come and get this boy
and get your amulet back.
And you didn't need to come, you.

I-It turns out... it turns out...
Okay, don't worry.
Tomorrow we'll go look and problem solved.
And why didn't you call him and that's enough?
You don't know where he studies, this kid, or where he lives?
Yes, we do.
But we have tried to get in touch with him and we have not been able to.
It seems that he hasn't been in class for days,
and we've been told... we've been told that he hasn't returned to his apartment either.
MHM.
He's unaccounted for.
I hope nothing bad happened to him.
(Kogoro) All right, well, tomorrow,
the first thing you'll do is to go to his university.
Ah, yes, in Kunisue.
Come to think of it, I haven't seen him for days.
And do you know why he stopped going to class?
He got hurt a lot.
"He broke his left wrist
during practice for the tennis tournament."
He broke it? What happened, did he overexert himself?
No, on the contrary.
He was very distracted, he had lost his concentration.
Before the vacations he was determined to win everything.
And then he was admitted to the hospital?
No, the fracture was not very serious.
As he could not use his hand and was depressed,
he told us he would stay with a colleague.
Yes, so much so, I told him he could sleep at my place.
But since I don't have room for two,
I asked him not to stay the whole day closed.
Where is he now, in Kunisue?
Will we find him at your place?
No.
Earlier I told him not to stay cooped up all afternoon at home
and that the best thing he could do was to go out and go somewhere.
-And in the end, he listened to me.
Where did he go?
I don't know.
He's really into sports.
Erm... Maybe he went to watch a game.
He called me earlier and he sounded really happy.
-He called you? - (Kunisue) "I'm so happy!"
(Kunisue) "At last, luck is smiling on me! I'll show you something!"
So, we're meeting at the Sports Café in Shibuya.
I'm leaving right now.
Do you want to come with me?
Yes.
Can we come? Thank you very much.
By any chance, did Kunisue tell you about a lucky charm?
Yes, she told me she has one made by a girl who lives in her city
next to her parents' house.
Is that so? That's great!
I'm sure she can give it back to you.
-I'll be right back, are you waiting for me here? - (girls) Understood.
It was really easy.
It's a pity we found her so quickly.
Is that so?
Isn't it true that you came because you wanted to spend time with Heiji?
No, I didn't!
What?
I don't believe it! You don't?
No.
Well, maybe yes, a little.
The truth is that I've come so that inside the amulet...
(whispers)
What?!
There you put a picture?
Eh?
What did you say, a picture?
No-nothing,
I was just saying that Kunisue looked very handsome in this photo.
XXT!
If I had come here alone and found the amulet,
the first thing I would have done is to look at what was inside, right?
"And I would have found out,
that I have a picture of you inside my lucky charm!"
I've come to stop him from finding it.
Yes... if I take it first, Heiji will never know.
Don't suffer!
When en Kunisue gives her the amulet, I'll get in the way,
take it from him and give it to you!
Thank you, Ran!
But... if I make a mistake and give it to en Heiji, don't be angry!
What? I was joking.
-What's wrong with him, now in this one? -Ran, don't tell me such things!
That she's happy because she's about to get her amulet back?
(Kazuha) Seriously, Ran, don't even say that as a joke.
(Thinking) "Why does she care so much about this thing? I don't get it."
Hey, speaking of amulets... Eh?
Do you know if Shinichi ever touched what you gave to Heiji?
Eh?
Do you remember the case that Shinichi looked like a murderer?
"En Heiji compared Shinichi's fingerprints,
"which were on the chain ring inside the amulet,
"with the fingerprints of the culprit,
who had impersonated him."
But in the end it turned out that the fingerprints on the chain
were Conan's.
I guess, at some point, Shinichi must have given it to him.
If not, it would be a very strange thing to do.
You're right.
Yes, I think it's right here.
It's this place.
The Sports Café.
What's going on? What's going on?
There are police cars.

Question all witnesses... Inspector Takagi!
Eh?
Hey, Conan!
And you come with Heiji.
-What happened? -A violent assault.
The victim was in the toilets, with his arm in a cast.
Who has a cast on his arm?
Is it this guy?
MHM?
Yes, yes, I think so.
-How do you know? -It's a case we're investigating. -It's a case we're investigating.
Do you allow us to enter the premises?
Ah, so Kunisue was sitting on the toilet seat.
That's right.
"He had been hit on the head and was bleeding heavily."
-Yes, please, is he all right, in Kunisue? -Yes, he was taken to the hospital. -He's been taken to the hospital.
He's unconscious and in critical condition.
Ostres...
W-why was she assaulted?
We don't know, but we have determined the time of the assault.
It was between 19:45 and 20:05,
during this 10-minute interval.
Wow, how accurate.
We know this because it was a year ago today that they opened the café.
"The waiter handed out party supplies to the customers,
and at 8 o'clock they had a little celebration."
"He has started handing them out at 7:55 pm,
"And we know that a waiter gave one of these items to the victim..,
who was having a drink at the bar."
"It looks like she got up to go to the bathroom, and left it on the bar."
I guess he noticed that Kunisue was late getting back from the toilet,
and went to look for it.
"When he found it all covered in blood, he called the police."
Exactly.
It seems that the waiter heard some strange noises and moaning,
which were confused with the commotion of the celebration.
And if he heard noises, why didn't he come to the washroom to check?
He says he didn't come because he was cleaning up the debris from the party.
And during those 10 minutes,
did you notice if any customers were leaving the premises?
Apparently not.
The cash register hasn't been working properly since 8:00,
and all the customers have been waiting to pay their bills.
This means that the culprit must still be in here.
the culprit must still be in here.
That's right.
I've ordered my agents to question all the customers.
You don't need to question them all.
I think there's a quick way to find out who the culprit is.
Eh?
What do you want to do?
First of all...... we have to gather all the customers.
(Takagi) Attention!
This is Inspector Takagi of the Metropolitan Police.
I guess you must already know
that a person was assaulted in the toilets a while ago.
Before we begin our investigation, I would like to ask you an easy question.
Close your eyes and pay attention.
It seems that today, at 8 o'clock sharp,
there has been a small celebration in this cafe.
When I count to 3,
I want you to bring me something that proves
that a little while ago in this café there was a party.
Are you ready?
One..., two..., three!
Ah, three men.
We've already narrowed down the list of suspects.
All right, now we're going to ask some questions to the 3 men who have stood up straight.
-Please come forward. -A-Are there any questions?
And why are you questioning us?
Please tell us on what basis.
In Kunisue got up to go to the toilet at 19:55.
"Then, the waiter heard strange noises...
and moaning coming from in there."
"After 10 minutes,
"He went to the washroom and found Kunisue sitting on the toilet seat..,
all covered in blood and with a heavy blow to the head."
This means that the assault took place at 8 o'clock.
But what does that have to do with us?
Inspector Takagi mentioned it a moment ago.
He told them that there was a small party at 8 o'clock,
and he asked them to give him something to prove it.
It was the party for the first anniversary of the opening of the cafe.
The birthday?
Yes, the waiter gave us these cones that explode and confetti comes out.
The cone he gave me, I left it on the bar,
but when I went to look for it, it was gone.
And of course it wasn't there.
So that the waiter has picked them all up after the celebration.
The customers who have made the cones burst
knew that the waiter had picked up the leftovers.
That's why they bent down to pick up the pieces of ribbons and the confetti
that have been scattered on the floor.
(Man) Ah, yes.
You three have remained straight
because at 8 o'clock you didn't blow up the cones
that the waiter gave you.

For this reason, all three are suspected of committing the assault.
Oh.
Inspector, here are the three suspects.
If I were you, I'd get the name and address from other customers,
and let them go.
Yes, of course.
Take down the names and addresses of all customers who have ducked.
Understood.
As for you three, wait on this board.
One thing, have you already found it, the object you hit in Kunisue?
Yes, I did.
It's a mop.
"It was in the cleaning cupboard in the men's room."
I don't think it was a planned assault,
the assailant acted on impulse.
S-sorry.
Can I ask you a question?
Do you know if they found a lucky charm on Kunisue?
I'm sure you had it in your wallet.
Oh, yes, that's right, we found a charm.
You did?
Please, this amulet is from the Kazuha.
Can you give it back?
No, I'm sorry.
It's evidence, and we'll have to examine it at the coroner's lab.
(Think) "If they open it, they'll find Heiji's picture inside!"
-No, please!
Don't open it! -Come on, come on.
Stop it!
In Kunisue has suffered an assault,
is in the hospital and is between life and death.
-L'amulet is of no importance! -No, you're right.
Eee... Speaking of amulets, there's something wrong.
Eh?
The wallet the lucky charm was in was the victim's jeans,
"In the right back pocket."
"The pocket was too full,
"Because they'd also hidden the cigarette packet
and Kunisue's cell phone."
I wonder if these things were put on by him,
or if it was someone else.
Since his left arm is in a cast,
"I imagine that in Kunisue he could only keep his things
in his right pocket."
I get it, that's why he put everything in the right pocket of his jeans.
MHM... Yeah, but... the right jacket pocket was empty.
Something;
are you sure that this afternoon...
in Kunisue went to watch a sports game?
Indeed.
Last night, while he was surfing the internet,
he told me he knew what game he wanted to watch.
So...
when we talk to these three, maybe we'll find out.
If it wasn't a planned assault,
it's most likely that the assailant took offense
by something he has done in Kunisue
and, logically, this must have happened while they were watching the match in question.
You told us earlier that in Kunisue he called you and told you that he was very happy
and told you that he was very happy about something?
Yes, he was very excited.
He told me that he was finally smiling at luck
and that if he came to the café he would prove it to me.
You mean that Kunisue was waiting for you in this café?
Yes, that's right.
We were supposed to meet here at 8 o'clock.
This means that the assailant in Kunisue
has also gone to see a very interesting game,
and most likely they both went to the same place.
(Takagi) Very well.
I want the first and last names of the three of them,
and I want them to explain to me why they were not at their place at 8 o'clock in the evening.
Let's start with... yourself, the one with the glasses.
Ah, yes.
My name is Kazuo Satsuma.
I arrived later than 8 o'clock, and when I came in and saw the people,
I didn't know they were celebrating the cafe's first anniversary.
-Are you sure? -I told them the truth.
"When I entered the café, everyone was shouting and clapping,
and I thought maybe they were celebrating something."
Mr. Satsuma, I suppose you came here because you like sports.
Yes, I do.
I especially like sumo wrestling.
"(TV: shouting)"
- "And he knocked him down! Winner, Kokuho!" - I've seen this match.
Yes... It wasn't bad.
But I'm an Akashoryu fan,
and when he lost, it felt really bad.
And then?
In Kunisue you were happy
when you saw the opponent win and you were upset?
No, not at all!
Does Kunisue like sumo bouts?
I don't know.
He used to like to watch live matches.
My name is Kengo Haruto.
They called me a little before 8 o'clock,
and as I thought that people would be noisy in here,
I went out to talk in the street.
-And who was it from, this call? -I don't know!
"It was someone who wanted to sell me something,
until I got angry and hung up on him."

When I went back inside the café, I felt like a guy had been beaten up.
I couldn't pay because the cash register wasn't working,
and I sat back down in my seat.
Can you show us the call history?
Yes, but it was a hidden number.
And you also went to watch a game this afternoon?
-Yes, exactly. (Takagi) A game of what?
Beach volleyball.
A very close and very interesting match.
Sometimes, one of them gets the upper hand.
Ah, I understand, Kunisue was annoyed...
when she saw her drooling in front of the players, and they fought.
I didn't fight with anyone!
Does Kunisue like beach volleyball?
Yes, she likes it very much.
Very good.
-And you, how do you say? -Oh, yes, my name is Takuma Kyuma.
At 8 o'clock I was not at my place because I went to buy tobacco.
"Since the machine in the cafe didn't have my brand name,
I went to get it from a machine on the street."
And when he came back from buying his cigarettes,
the police had already arrived at the café?
-Yes, sir. So, did you see a game?
Yes, I've seen one.
"Tokyo Spirits vs. Big Osaka;
it was played at Tohti Stadium."
Have you seen a soccer match?
Yes, Big Osaka won, it was a very exciting game.
Big Osaka clinched the victory in the ninth inning,
and I started clapping and whistling very loudly,
as the players hugged each other on the infield at the end of the game.
(Think) "If Kunisue was at the stadium to watch this game,
chances are he was also cheering for the Osaka team."
"There shouldn't be any kind of conflict, between these two."
Hey, en Kunisue likes, soccer?
He likes to watch it on TV,
but I don't think he's for any particular team.
All right, then.
Eee... I get it.
MHM?
And you, have you come to the same conclusion as me?
Yes.
"Someone has assaulted at Teruaki Kunisue Sports Cafe."
"While the customers were celebrating the first anniversary
"of the bar's opening,
"Someone has beaten her to the local toilets.
"We have 3 suspects,
who were in the cafe but did not participate in the party."
"The clue that will lead us to the culprit
hides in the testimony of one of the three."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
May I know why you are so obsessed with this amulet?
It's an amulet that only works for me!
You don't have any proof and you can't hold me back!
If you are in such a hurry, you can go back home.
But only the two who are innocent are allowed to leave.
I know this because the guilty party said such strange things
that even I, who am only a little boy, have noticed.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Where's the amulet of shame?
(Part Two) '."

