"By mistake, in Heiji has given a lucky charm....
belonging to the Kazuha to a boy,
and the couple has come to Tokyo to retrieve it."
"The boy is in Teruaki Kunisue,
a college student who broke his left wrist playing tennis
and is temporarily staying at a friend's house."
"The same night someone runs over in Kunisue
the toilets of the Sports Café and seriously injures him."
"In Heiji and I started the investigation with Inspector Takagi,
and we narrowed down the list of suspects to three men."
"Another thing we know
is that in Kunisue has gone to watch a game in the afternoon,
and that this might have something to do with the assault."
"We still don't know what sport it is."
"The three suspects have also gone to watch a game of some sport."
"The clue that will lead us to the culprit
hides in the testimony of one of these three men."
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"Today the mystery will be solved, but what is hidden in the amulet of the Kazuha?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
Where is the amulet of shame?
(Second part)
Very well, it seems that the three of you have come to the world;
it seems the three of them have come to the cafe...
after watching their favorite sport,
but now we have to find out what the game was about...
Kunisue went to watch this afternoon.
Yes, you are right.
Did you find anything in his wallet?
Like a match ticket, for example.
No, he only had money, cards and a lucky charm.
We bring you the latest news from the professional baseball league.
The manager of the Yomiuri Giants...
What if it was a baseball game?
The culprit may have come from a baseball stadium,
but he told us a lie beforehand.
It's true, if something happened during the game...
that provoked the attack on Kunisue,
the culprit is interested in diverting attention.
Yes, but the game they played this afternoon was boring.
The only interesting play
was made during the second half of the ninth inning.
- (knock) - Hey!
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh, sorry, the customers have kind of left,
I thought I'd clear the tables.
This popcorn is mine.
Don't take it away, I haven't finished it yet.
That's right: bring me the sandwich I was eating.
But first I want you to warm me up again.
-And bring me my beer. -Yes, right away.
-Daixò... what were you saying before?
-The game, the afternoon game. -Yes, the afternoon game.
If we're talking about a baseball game,
why does it have to be the afternoon game?
Tonight they played one in Yokohama.
Why is that?
Tonight at Kunisue he called his friend
and told him that he was very happy and wanted to show him something.
This means that the match was played in the afternoon.
Yes, I suppose so.
Earlier I read the sports report on my cell phone
and it was a rather boring match.
The losing team made a lot of mistakes.
The only good play was a home run in the second half of the ninth.
in the second half of the ninth inning.
Do you think I would have said "I'm super happy!"
if he had gone to watch this game?
Let's recap: there was a sumo bout today?
and beach volleyball, soccer, baseball games..,
and there was also a golf match.
So maybe it was the golf match.
According to the sports report,
it was a very exciting match that was decided on the last hole.
But the course where it was played is a long way from here.
If the culprit was there,
it would have been very difficult for him to get to the cafe
before eight o'clock in the evening.
The waiter told us that in Kunisue has arrived at the local
about an hour before she was assaulted.
But that doesn't mean anything.

You are right.
We have no idea who has assaulted in Kunisue.
(At the same time) False!
We already know who the culprit is.
Really? What does this mean?
How can it be?
If you know who it is, why don't you tell the police...
and solve the case once and for all?
Inspector Takagi, if they find out that the amulet has nothing to do with it..,
they'll return it to the Kazuha, won't they?
Yes, I suppose so...
May I know why you are so obsessed with this amulet?
In Kunisue he wore it and now he's in the hospital.
I don't think it works.
It's an amulet that only works for me!
Come on, let's go!
Who is the culprit? You know, don't you?
Yes, but we don't have any proof.
You don't have any proof?
No.
I'm sorry.
Come to think of it, when he called me,
in Kunisue you said you wanted to show me something.
-What was it? -I wonder about that too.
The first thing that comes to my mind is a picture of some great play.
He could have easily taken it during the game he went to see.
But on his cell phone there was no picture of any sports play.
Maybe he wanted to show her the autograph of a player who played particularly well today.
who played particularly well today.
I don't think so, Kunisue likes all sports,
but he would only ask for an autograph from a tennis player,
because that's the sport he plays.
- (TV: bells and shouting) - (TV: man) Unbelievable!
The player Sho Mikawa finishes the round of the match.
He has made an eagle at the end of the 18th hole and has been proclaimed the winner.
(He thinks) "Sure. I get it."
"That's why he wanted to meet his friend at this cafe."
(Think) "He wanted to show him the ultimate test."
"But he didn't imagine that someone else..."
"...would see the proof and want to take it at any cost."
Excuse me, do you need me for anything?
I'd appreciate it if you'd let me go home.
It's very late, it's half past ten.
We've already told them everything we know.
And on top of that, they've already searched us thoroughly.
And they haven't found anything that could incriminate us.
No, but... the only clients who don't have an alibi are you three.
Stop it!
You don't have any evidence and you can't hold me!
If you're in such a hurry, you can go home now.
But only the two who are innocent are allowed to leave.
What is the meaning of this?
That you already have the definitive proof?
That's right.
We have the proof and the culprit.
Is this true, Conan? Uh... yes.
It seems to be.
But don't ask me.
You have to ask this to Heiji.
Yes, but since you told me before that you also know who the culprit is,
I got the impression that you must also know what the final proof is.
It's logical, isn't it?
(Thinking) "I wonder why I had that feeling."
Yes, of course I know.
I know because the culprit has said some things so strange
that even I, who am just a little kid, noticed.
Very strange things? And what did he say?
When they talked about the sports they watched today,
one of the comments didn't fit.
Please, can you remind us, Inspector Takagi?
Let's see... What did they say...?
Mr. Satsuma just came from watching a sumo match.
It wasn't bad, but I'm a follower of the Akashoryu,
and when he lost, it was very bad for me.
(Takagi) At Kengo Haruto I had seen a beach volleyball match.
A very close match and very interesting.
Sometimes, some of them get the upper hand.
(Takagi) Don Takuya Kyuma came from a soccer match.
Big Osaka secured the win in the ninth inning,
and I started clapping and whistling loudly,
as the players hugged each other in the infield at the end of the game.
Well, the truth is that I... I don't see anything strange.
And the suspect who watches beach volleyball games?
He goes to watch the games
just in case a player's top falls off!
This is sexual harassment! Hey, I just said that as a joke!
Yes, you're right, you could say that this man is a pervert,
but he didn't say anything strange.
To sumo wrestling,
if someone loses the traditional dress, they are eliminated,
but beach volleyball matches nothing happens.
This implies that the culprit is the man who watched the sumo bout!

But I have not said anything about the clothes they wear!
(TV) Goal!
Goal by Higo!
Big Osaka takes the lead with a great goal!
The player embraces a teammate in the penalty area!
In the penalty area?
Wait a minute...
The soccer suspect has said something about the ninth inning
and the infield.
Yes, that's right, in soccer, there is never any talk about tackles or the infield,
these terms don't exist.
And that means... Exactly.
These terms that you have used are not the ones that would be used
a true fan of this sport would use.
When you questioned her, she lied and said that she likes soccer,
and that she went to the field to watch the game.
Mr. Kyuma...
...is the only one of the three suspects who could be the culprit.
It's not true, I haven't been a soccer fan for a long time...
...and I still don't know how many things are said.
So, if you have seen the game,
you can tell me the number of the shirt of the player who scored the goal,
the player who scored the goal.
-Well... Yes, I thought so.
He read the match report on his cell phone
and that's why he knew the name of the player who scored the goal.
It's a pity he didn't mention the number of the goal.
Yes.
Of all the Big Osaka players, he is the best known in Higo.
There are many fans who wear his jersey to go to the field.
If he had gone to watch the game,
I'm sure he'd remember the number on his back.
I've already told him!
It was the first time I went to see a game on the field!
Do you like baseball?
The fans who talk about the infield and innings are the ones who like baseball.
are the ones who like baseball.
Didn't you go to a baseball game today?
But it was a superavorrit game.
You said earlier that if there's one thing that's evident
is that he went to see a memorable game in Kunisue,
because afterwards he called his friend and he seemed very excited.
Maybe it was not a premeditated aggression
and Kunisue has done something that has annoyed the guilty one
when they came into contact on the field.
The aggressor was offended by something he did in Kunisue during this match.
during this match.
This means that, by force,
both had to coincide on the same sports field.
But all the sports reports
But all the sports reports say that it was a very boring match.
One of the teams played very badly,
even if in the end they managed to make a home run.
How can you say it was an exciting game?
You are right.
In any sport, when one of the teams plays very badly, the fans don't leave the field happy,
the fans don't leave the field happy.
And when one of the teams loses by ten to one,
obviously no one can say it was an exciting game.
But let's suppose that someone takes away a souvenir from this game.
A souvenir?
Suppose the souvenir is something that has been used in the game
and that shows that a player has made a great play.
Wouldn't he be very happy?
Even if it's not your favorite player.
The home run ball!
The fans who were sitting in the stands
should have all rushed to catch it!
So Kunisue took the home run ball?
That's right, and he stayed here with his friend...
because he was dying to show it to him.
But Mr. Kyuma followed her here from the stadium..,
and he took it violently.
But how can you prove that Mr. Kyuma took the ball from you?
Ah, very easy.
For the pocket of the jeans.
When the police have found in Kinusue,
he was carrying his wallet, cell phone and tobacco...
entaforats in one of the back pockets of the jeans.
This is because the assailant had put everything there.
And he did this to disguise the fact
that the pocket was already very deformed.
I get it!
It was deformed because Kunisue was carrying the home run ball in his jeans pocket.
in the pocket of his jeans.
Yes, when he took the ball out, the pocket was deformed.
And you could see that something had been put inside.
Because of the shape, the assailant was afraid that someone would notice...
that the victim had put a ball in it.
But why did he meet his friend here to show it to him?
It's true, if he took the ball from the home run,
all he had to do was go back to the apartment and show it to him.
After all, he's spending a few days at his friend's apartment.

Tell me something:
if I tell you that the ball I'm holding in my hand
is the ball from the final of the World Baseball League
that Japan won, would you believe it?
-Do you think I'm an idiot? -You agree with me.
But now suppose there is a picture to prove it.
-What do you say? -A picture?
It's true!
When someone catches the ball in a home run, the cameras focus on him.
That's right.
In other sports, if an amateur is on TV, it's usually because the camera happened to focus on him,
it's usually because the camera has focused on him by chance.
But in baseball, things are different.
If a guy with his arm in a cast starts jumping for joy,
the cameras will focus on him.
That's why Kunisue wanted to meet his friend here.
(TV: female) And now, the home run of the day.
He wanted his friend and the customers of the bar
to watch the images on the TV sports channel.
And, once they had seen them,
he wanted to show them the ball he caught this afternoon.
That's right!
Kunisue caught the ball!
Oh!
Look at this man behind En Kunisue!
It's Mr. Kyuma! (Kazuha) It's true!
I get it!
A while ago, when they started talking about this match on TV,
you booed the waiter.
Now I realize that you did it to divert attention.
That's not the only reason, is it?
You also did it because you realized
that the waiter wanted to take this.
It's the ball from the home run that you took in Kunisue
and that you hid among the popcorn.
But... why did the ball steal it?
Maybe you are a fan of the player who threw it?
It's true, my girlfriend was a big fan.
But she was very sick.
She died last night.
Her dream was that he would hit a home run
and that she would take the ball.
She kept repeating it until she lost consciousness.
I went to the stadium today in hopes of grabbing the ball
and put it in her coffin before she was cremated.
And I sat in the stands with a glove in my hand.
And then I saw the ball and I surrounded it.
The ball was Entoma... That's not true, it was Kunisue!
No, I caught it.
But as soon as I caught it
people jumped on me and then I lost it.
And then I saw that a guy with a cast on his arm had it.
Yeah, but if he took it, you couldn't do anything.
That doesn't give you the right to hit Kunisue and steal the ball.
No, I explained my situation and begged him to give it to me.
But he... But he... He wouldn't believe me.
What do you want now?
Stop it, stop it.
Leave me alone.
I beg you.
Give me the ball, please!
Maybe you want to give it to your girlfriend.
I won't give it to you, do you take me for an idiot?
When he told me this I exploded.
I hit him with the mop and took it from him.
I'm very sorry.
If you want, you can tell the person you hit.
I just got a call from the hospital.
Kunisue has regained consciousness.
Is that so? I'm so glad!
What is it?
It was about his girlfriend, who died yesterday?
Now I understand why he got so heavy
and kept begging me to give him the ball.
What?
But you didn't know?
He told us that he explained his situation to you.
When he told me he wanted to give it to his girlfriend, I was indignant.
I guess I tuned out and didn't hear the rest.
What's that?
How can that be?
Because the girl I like doesn't even pay attention to me!
Oh, by the way, do you know where is the lucky charm you got by mistake?
Ah, I went to the coroner's lab to get it,
and I gave it to Heiji.
What?!
When did you give it to him?
Where is it?
A while ago, in a corridor of the hospital.
You idiot!
Of it... this girl that you just told us that she doesn't even pay attention to you,
maybe it's the Kazuha?
What are you talking about?
What are you saying?!
She can't be!
But she took the trouble to travel all the way to Osaka
because the Kazuha made him a charm to win the tennis tournament.
But when he returned to Tokyo, he got injured during a training session,
because he had lost the will to play.
Didn't you look inside the amulet?
Yes.
The picture of that dark-haired boy.
Conan, but you knew there was a photo?
Yes, I heard you and the Kazuha when she explained it to you.
I opened the amulet

because I noticed there was something stiff inside.
I wish I hadn't.
When he gave it to me,
the boy told me it was attached to the handle of the Kazuha's bag.
When I realized that the amulet was his, I started crying.
My plan was to win the tennis tournament and propose to the Kazuha.
When I took the ball,
I thought luck was smiling on me again.
I guess it was just my imagination.
Who has it, the home run ball?
Right now it's the coroner's lab.
Can you give it to the man who hit me?
And I also want you to tell him I'm sorry for the way I treated him.
-So sorry.
-Thank you.
Can you tell him something Kazuha-like?
But what... what do you want me to tell him?
To forgive me for what I've done.
Is that all right?
Eh?
(Think) "What did he do?"
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo.
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi.
Koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo.
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Please don't look inside!
Please don't look inside!
Heiji!
Give it to me!
You have no right!
Geez, he opened my amulet!
Kazuha...
I finally understood why you were so desperate to get the amulet back.
I suspected that deep down you don't respect me.
And with this you just proved it to me!
What?!
What is this?
As I am a mature person,
I'm not going to get angry with you for this little thing.
(Shinichi voice) I get it.
He was so angry that he drew a mustache on it.
I don't understand.
Why is this girl dressed as a witch?
A gothic lolita dress! Yes, it's cute!
(Squeal)
-What's the matter?
-To the... To the bathroom.
It's the...
"Don't miss the next episode:
"The alibi of the black dress (Part One)."

