(Cars: horns)
(Traffic: noise)
I'm so sorry, Yuiko.
Everything about Monwaki.
I know what I've done to you isn't right at all.
If I hadn't gotten in the way, you'd go out with him, though.
Don't suffer, Mihir.
He asked for it, to flirt with you.
I'm telling you, I'm really glad to be out of your hair.
Have you already bought it, the dress you'll wear tomorrow?
Yes, I already have it.
A gothic lolita dress, I'm wearing it right now.
"Tomorrow you'll see it, I'm sure you'll love it."
Yes.
Let's meet at the usual place, is that okay?
"Yes."
- "Yuiko." - Mm?
Are you my... best friend?
"Sure, why do you ask?"
Friends to the death.
Yuiko...
See you tomorrow, then.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
"You too."
(Thinks) "Till death. That's right."
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"What conspiracy is hidden, under the gothic lolita dress?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"The alibi of the black dress (part one)."
(Kogoro) Ah... Gee...
The famous detective Kogoro Mouri doesn't deserve such a cruel fate.
Today is my day off,
and I happen to have to go shopping with two teenagers.
I want to shop! Hey, it's no big deal!
Don't complain so much,
you'll get a chance to see a lot of pretty girls today.
Mm?
And besides, as you don't have any case, you'll have plenty of time.
And what do you know?
Today I wanted to organize all my DVDs
and then I wanted to go and try out
some new slot machines they've put in,
and everyone says they give a lot of prizes.
Oh, and I wanted to go to a horse race!
And I wanted to go see a horse race!
Yes, this is the kind of thing...
that men do who have... all the time in the world.
What's that? Hey, father.
I don't want you spending your money on gambling and horses.
Look who's talking!
You want to spend my money on expensive clothes!
Don't suffer.
I'll buy super-worldly, super-cheap clothes.
Yes!
Do what you want, but before you buy anything, you have to show me.
I don't... No.
I'm sorry, but no.
Eh?
And why not?
You want to buy provocative clothes that you can't show your father?
These T-shirts so short that you can see your belly,
or a Chinese suit with a thigh-high cut?
(Think) "Those are the clothes he likes."
No, I promise you, Father, I don't want to buy sexy clothes.
(She thinks) "But, just in case, I better not show it to him."
(Woman) Hello, good morning.
I do not understand.
This girl, why is she dressed as a witch?
(Ran and Sonoko) Oh, I love it!
A gothic lolita dress! Yes, it's cute!
Lolita... gothic?
Yes, gothic lolitas are girls...
who wear black or dark-colored dresses..,
inspired by the clothes of Dracula
and the vampires of the gothic novels
and horror movies.
On TV, I've heard that they say it's a very feminine outfit,
and that it's very flattering.
(Think) "Gee. What shows does he watch, this kid?"
"Yes, this dress would suit her very well, al Ai."
Daughter, I hope you have no intention...
of buying you one of these witch costumes.
No, it will be a very nice dress.
It will be like a doll's dress.
"She wants to buy a lolita dress."
Neither gothic lolita nor romanic lolita!
You don't even wear these clothes to dress up on Halloween night!
Oh.
(Tinkerbell: Sigh)
(Woman) Sorry to keep you waiting.
Ah... Something...
The girl who was here,
you think she left because I criticized the clothes she was wearing?
Oh, no.
She told me that she's waiting for a friend, who hasn't arrived yet.

"And he asked me where the toilet was."
I told him we have them outside, the toilets.
Ah, what a break.
Strange, the gothic lolita hasn't come back from the washroom yet.
She said she's expecting a friend. She said she's expecting a friend.
If the friend comes now, she won't see her.
Women spend a lot of time in the bathroom.
- (chime: chimes) MM?
Hello, good morning.
Table for one?
No, thank you.
Have you seen a girl in a gothic lolita dress?
I'm meeting her.
Yes, she's here.
She's in the washroom right now.
Wow, I'm 10 minutes late.
What did you order, the Mihir?
(Waitress) Nothing.
But she looked at the menu.
She told me earlier that she would order when her friend arrived.
All right, well, I'll wait until Mihir comes back.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, leave it, don't suffer, I'll clean it myself.
-Sorry.
I'm sorry. It's all right.
(Sonoko) All right, I've already drunk the soda.
Let our expedition begin!
We already know which stores we want to go to.
Conan!
Come on, let's go.
(Kogoro) Hey! Yes, I'm coming.
(Kogoro) My goodness.
What a look.
It seems that here everybody goes disguised.
"Sure, we are in the district of Harajuku."
Girls, don't tell me you like the way you look.
Hey, where did they go?
Oh, you mean Ran and Sonoko?
They told me they were going shopping,
and that we should wait for them here window-shopping.
Oh, my goodness!
Now they've disappeared.
So why did they want me to come with them?
"That's easy. They wanted us to come..."
"Yes, just as I thought. To bring them the bags."
That's very nice.
Now we go in this tent.
Yes, it's super nice!
Let's see what you bought...
No, stop it!
Don't look inside! What?
The bags, you carry them!
(Xof)
(Xof) What's this? Look, we've got ice cream on us.
Oh, I'm sorry!
Please, do not get angry!
I'M sound sorry!
I'M an idiot!
What's he saying? I don't understand, he speaks too fast.
Do not worry, I'll clean it.
Look, I've got a handkerchief.
Look, I've got a handkerchief. Look.
They're ice cream thieves!
Thieves? No!
It's a method they use abroad
to rob Japanese tourists.
When you get spotted with ice cream,
the first thing you do is put the bags you're carrying on the ground
to wipe off the stain.
And while one of them is speaking in a foreign language to distract the victim
to distract the victim,
his accomplice grabs the bags and runs off.
-Eat on! Hey!
Stop them!
I've seen it on a TV show.
"Wow. What show do you watch, on Conan?"
Look how he left us... We can't go into any store like this.
Girls, why don't you wear the clothes you bought?
You can wear them now.
Please, please, please.
You must promise not to make fun of us.
"Man, we'll see about that."
(Women: verbiage)
Ostres.
Look at the line.
I think they've all come for the same one.
(Knocking)
Enough!
You, come out at once!
What's the matter?
There's a girl who's been in here for half an hour.
You say half an hour ago?
Maybe something happened to her and she fainted.
What?
Get out of the way, Ran.
So-Sonoko!
Let's see what's wrong with her, on this one.
(Sonoko: shrieks)
Hey, what's wrong?
To the... To the bathroom.
It's the... gothic al-lolita.
Eh?
Who did you say it is?
(Thinking) "She has a rope mark on her neck."
"And Yoshikawa's marks show she put up a fight."
"Death by strangulation."
What is she dressed in, this girl?
What outlandish clothes.
Is this the fashion worn by young girls today?
No, it's a style called gothic lolita,
and it's been in fashion for some time now.
It seems to me that I'm not very aware of these things.
Yes.
Of course you are.
Well, do we know her name?
Yes, we know her name because she had her driver's license.
We know that she lived in the Haido neighborhood and that her name was Mihir Kuze.
Mm-hm.
She has a rope mark on her neck
and we can also see the Yoshikawa marks.
There's no doubt about it, it's death by strangulation.
Yoshikawa marks? What's this?
It's an expression we police officers use.
When a person is strangled,
the most normal thing is that he/she tries to take off the rope
that chokes them with their fingers, because they can't breathe.
Most of the time,

the victim ends up getting all scratched up in the neck.
"This is so that the choking sensation is much worse
than the pain caused by the scratches."
The first person to detect this phenomenon
and realized that these marks prove that a person has been strangled to death
that a person has been strangled to death
was Youichi Yoshikawa,
a forensic scientist working for the police during the Taisho period.
And since then, these marks on the neck "Yoshikawa marks".
And now you're going to tell us that you've seen this on TV.
Ah.
Well, yes. What kind of program?
Days ago, on the evening news.
Very well, then.
I understand you all saw the victim a little while ago.
Yes.
Today I accompanied my daughter and her friend to go clothes shopping.
First we stopped at a bookstore in Shinjuku
to buy a magazine,
"And then we went for a drink
at a coffee shop so they wanted to read it."
"And then, the victim came in."
At the coffee shop in Shinjuku? Yes.
And when my daughter and her friend went to the restroom
to put on the clothes they bought,
they found it again, strangled, poor girl.
When the victim entered the cafeteria,
was she alone or was she accompanied by someone?
She was alone, but we think she was waiting for a friend.
A woman with glasses, who was dressed like an executive.
And at what time did they arrive at the cafeteria?
The gothic lolita, a little before one o'clock.
And her friend... arrived 10 or 15 minutes later.
From what we know so far, the victim was strangled to death...
between 12:30 and 1:30 at noon.
Yes.
That means that this executive
could have met her in the cafeteria,
and then taken her to these toilets in Harajuku Park
and killed her.
Yes, but how could he close the toilet door from the inside?
I know how he did it.
He climbed into one of these buckets.
"And locked the lock from the inside with a stick from a brush."
"These locks are locked by sliding them shut."
Do you know if these toilets are always this full?
No.
They fill up at this time of day.
When the girls arrived, the cubicle door was already closed,
and their cell phone has rung many times.
Your cell phone? Yes, sir.
This is it, and we've already checked the call history.
For the past two hours,
we know that someone's been calling the victim every 10 minutes.
(Ah, it's coming back.
Yes, it's the same number as before.
(Mobile)
"Hey, Mihir! Where have you been?"
"I've been waiting for hours at the cafeteria! Mihir!"
Yes, hello.
Inspector Megure, from the police.
"From... the police? Has something happened to her, the Mihir?"
I'm sorry but...
No... it can't be!
Mihir, why?
Can you confirm
that you had an appointment with Miss Mihir Kuze today?
Yes.
At one o'clock, at a coffee shop in Shinjuku.
And you came to these public toilets in Harajuku Park
after meeting her at the coffee shop?
What do you say?!
I haven't seen the Mihir all day.
Ah!
Didn't you meet her at the cafeteria?
When she arrived, she was already gone.
The victim said she was going to the toilet,
and after 10 minutes her friend arrived.
You mean after she went to the bathroom,
she didn't go back into the cafeteria?
No.
I asked the waitress
"To go look for her in the restroom of the cafeteria,
but the Mihir wasn't there."
"And so I started calling her every 10 minutes,
but she wouldn't pick up her cell phone."
Until someone answered.
Are you talking about me, when I answered your call?
Yes.
I have a question.
Why didn't you go to the toilet yourself?
So that this cafeteria has the toilet outside the premises.
I don't like the fact that people can leave the stalls before paying for their drinks,
I don't like it at all.
You mean you've been waiting all this time in the cafeteria?
Yes, sir.
The waitress will be able to confirm everything I have told you.
Inspector, we should now continue the investigation in the cafeteria.
Yes, you're right.
Now that you still remember all the details.
Very well, then.
We're going to the cafeteria.
Takagi, you wait here.
If you find anything, call me.
Yes, sir.

What's wrong with you, Sonoko?
There's something wrong here.
But what is it?
The hands.
Girls who dress up as gothic lolitas
always paint their fingernails black or white.
But the victim has unpainted nails.
In fact, when she entered the cafeteria,
I noticed she didn't have them painted.
Something.
You found fake fingernails on the floor of the sink?
Ah... No, we didn't find anything at all.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What are you waiting for?
Come on, let's go!
You're witnesses too.
We're coming.
(Waitress) Yes, yes he has come.
A little before one o'clock.
She sat here.
You're sure it was this girl, and that there's no mistake?
Yes-yes, sir, it was this girl.
I remember she spoke in a very slurred voice.
A very slurred voice?
The first thing she did when she sat down was to ask me the time.
"I told her it was ten to one."
"But I was surprised,
because I had a clock on the wall next to me."
Can you confirm that this woman arrived at the cafeteria 10 minutes after the other woman arrived?
10 minutes after the other woman went to the bathroom?
Yes, sir.
She told me she was meeting a friend
who was dressed as a gothic lolita.
Wow, I'm 10 minutes late.
I think it was twelve minutes past one.
And all this time, you've been sitting here?
Yes.
I think she's been trying to call her friend.
"She's called you many times."
Ah...
If she was the guilty one,
she should have called her friend for summoning her to the park
when she went to the toilet.
After killing her, she should have come back here.
But to go from the toilets in the park to the cafeteria
it takes at least half an hour,
even if you take the bus or the train.
She couldn't have been like that.
I'm sure she was cursed by an evil witch!
What do you mean, a witch?
What do you mean a witch, Conan?
I'm saying that because on her driver's license,
the girl in the lolita dress looked normal.
But when she entered the cafeteria she looked really bad,
as if someone had cursed her!
You're stupid!
Girls who dress up as gothic lolita dresses
put on makeup to make it look like they have very white skin,
and they paint their eyes a lot to make them stand out!
That's true, but if we dressed like that,
Sonoko and I wouldn't wear so much makeup.
Well, if they all dress the same,
it will be hard to distinguish them from each other.
I-inspector..., if this is true, it's possible that...
Yes.
We need to check if the girl who came to the cafeteria
was the real Mihir Kuze.
"A girl dressed in gothic lolita clothes
is found dead in the public toilets of a park."
"Shortly before, we have seen the victim at the Shinjuku coffee shop....
where we went in for a drink."
"While we were there, he went to the toilet, which is outside the premises."
"After 10 minutes, the friend I was waiting for showed up."
"But the gothic lolita never came back into the café."
"The victim's name was Mihir Kuze, and she lived in the Haido neighborhood."
"She was meeting a friend named Yuiko Shodo."
"Miss Shodo has been waiting for Mihir at the coffee shop,
and called him many times on his cell phone."
"But to go from the park toilets in the cafeteria.
"It takes half an hour at least,
even if you take the bus or train."
"If Miss Shodo hasn't moved from the cafeteria,
she can't be the killer."
"Unless... we missed something."
"It seems to me that, in this case, nothing is what it seems."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
What do you think?
Do I look ridiculous?
No, you don't look ridiculous at all.
But you've done very well, that the glass has broken.
What... what do you mean?
(Kogoro voice) But with this case I assure you, I'm not going to fall asleep.
Don't miss the next episode:

"The alibi of the black dress (part two)."

