(Shinichi's voice) "Today, Mr. Mouri and I...
...had to go shopping with Ran and Sonoko."
"Unexpectedly, we found the body of a woman...
in a cubicle in the public toilets of a park."
"The victim is named Mihir Kuze and dressed as a gothic lolita,
and we had seen her shortly before in a Shinjuku coffee shop."
"The Mihir has sat near us,
but before asking for anything, she got up and went to the bathroom."
"Shortly after that, Yuiko Shodo arrived,
the friend who was waiting for Mihir."
"Yuiko sat down to wait, but Mihir didn't come back."
"Yuiko Shodo is suspected of having killed Mihir,
but she has a perfect alibi..., doesn't she?"
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"An unhealthy friendship and a murder."
"And don't miss Ran and Sonoko's dresses!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainiku no ame dakedo
yotei door dekake mashou
Sekkaku no vestir mo
Anata ni wa Miete Naish

Shuumatsu no sakura Door nara
hanayaida Shiroi michi
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
natsukashinda Serusier
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba
Kizutsuke Awazu ni
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
Omou koto mo dekiru KEDO
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
Iroasete yuku Omois mo ario
Soredemo samezame to nagareteku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana
Ah... hyururu hay wa ochite
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"The alibi of the black dress (part two)."
The girl who came first, do you remember if she asked for anything?
She didn't ask for anything.
But before she went to the bathroom,
I think she took a look at the menu.
Miss, please, do you mind if I take this menu?
-Of course not. You won't find your fingerprints.
Mihiro's.
Eh?
While I was waiting for her, I accidentally spilled a glass of water.
The table got all wet, and so did the menu covers.
Then I tried to dry it as well as I could.
There was water everywhere, and I dried the table,
and the bench where I was sitting.
There should be no trace of the Mihir's fingerprints left.
Perhaps now she will think that I am the murderer..., inspector.
No, and now!
Oh, come to think of it,
the glass that the Mihir touched also fell and broke.
Broken?
This means that...
The shards of the broken glass, though you have them?
Yes, of course.
I threw them away.
-Are all the fragments here? -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir. -Yes, sir.
This is the only glass that broke today.
Let's call forensics and have them dust it for prints.
If you want, I can accompany you to the store...
where the Mihir bought her clothes.
I think I know where she bought her gothic lolita outfit.
Yes, sir, that's her.
She came in yesterday, late in the afternoon.
She came alone? Yes.
And she's the only customer who bought this dress?
No.
It's an exclusive store design, and it arrived just yesterday.
It was so successful that we sold them all yesterday.
This woman, could she be one of the customers who bought the dress?
-No, I couldn't have bought it.
"Last night I was in Fukuoka, and while I was riding in a cab,
the Mihir called me and told me that he bought it for her."
Ah, you were in Fukuoka? Yes, I was.
At noon I landed at Haneda Airport,
and went straight to the coffee shop in Shibuya.
-Is that true? -If you don't believe me, you can check it out!
Talk to a colleague of mine, we took the same plane.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yes, that's true."
"He couldn't buy the lolita outfit."
"But I'm convinced she's the killer. How did she handle it?"
Hey, Conan! Mm?
Come on, come on!
I've taken advantage of the changing rooms to change my clothes.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Unbelievable. They've killed a girl and she's changing clothes."
What do you think?
Do I look ridiculous?
No, you don't look ridiculous at all.
(Shinichi, thinks) "My goodness..., she looks so pretty!"
What are you doing, Ran?
Don't waste your time showing the dress to the little boy!
(Conan voice) Wow!
What's it like to wear the same dress?
I can tell you don't have a clue!
These dresses are very fashionable.
Eh? (Conan voice)
Mm?
Got it.
The Mihir's fingerprints are the fragments of the broken glass.

This means your alibi is pretty solid.
So, if you don't mind, I'd like to go home.
Let's see, what time is it?
Yes, I'm really late!
(Shinichi, thinking) "I get it. Now it all adds up!"
(Takagi) What?
An excessively clean place?
No, you can't say that the cubicle where you found the body...
is an excessively clean place.
"Have you checked the other cubicles?" No, we haven't yet.
Oh!
"I'm the cubicle next door."
The lid of the toilet paper holder shines brightly!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Exactly."
Well, if you don't mind, I'll be going.
I have to call friends to tell them
what happened to poor Mihir.
Wait, don't go yet!
There's something I don't understand.
You told us that you are meeting Mihir this afternoon
at the Shinjuku coffee shop.
How can it be that the victim went to the restroom
before you arrived,
and then turned up murdered
in a public toilet in Harajuku Park?
How should I know!
I have already told you everything that happened.
Because they told me...
"... the Mihir went to the toilet,
and after 10 minutes I arrived."
"As she was taking so long, I called her on her cell phone several times,
but she didn't answer."
And when someone picked up the call, it was you, Inspector Megure.
That's what I explained to you before.
Please tell me if they still suspect that I killed my friend.
Ah, no, no, and now!
Inspector, Miss Shodo is innocent.
You said so yourself, remember?
If Miss Shodo were the murderer....,
"...when the Mihir went to the washroom,
you should have called her to ask her to go to the park."
"And, after killing her,
he should have gone straight back to the cafeteria."
To go from the park in the cafeteria or vice versa,
it takes half an hour at least.
Ms. Shodo could not have arrived 10 minutes after
the Mihir went to the toilet.
Also,
the Mihir's fingerprints are the shards of broken glass.
Therefore, we can be absolutely certain...
that the victim has gone to the cafeteria.
One question: why do you think the Mihir touched this glass?
Eh?
Because she was served a glass of water and she drank it!
That's not true, because the glass that fell on this lady...
doesn't have any lipstick marks on the rim.
- (both) Eh?! - (both) Oh...
Remember that the corpse is wearing a gothic lolita dress
and dark red lipstick on her lips.
Yes, what you say is true... Oh!
There's something little kids don't know.
It is considered polite
for women to wipe lipstick off their glasses unnoticed.
Yes, but if I had wiped it off with my fingers,
there would still be traces left.
Yes, but that means that the Mihir has opened the menu...
and took the glass.
"But she didn't drink. Maybe she's pushed him aside."
Shortly after, she got up and went to the bathroom.
Ten minutes later, when he came in, I picked up the menu..,
I accidentally touched the glass, dropped it, and it broke.
Ah..., but it went very well, that the glass broke!
What... what do you mean?
I mean that if the glass had not broken,
when Inspector Megure asked you
to accompany her to the crime scene,
the waitress would have taken it and cleaned it up.
And then they wouldn't have found the Mihir's fingerprints...
the shards of glass.
And tell me something else.
How is it that you sat where the girl who was dressed as a lolita was sitting?
who was dressed as a gothic lolita?
"When we wait for someone in a cafeteria,
the most normal thing to do is to sit in front of the other person's seat."
This... this doesn't have....
If she hadn't sat there,
she wouldn't have broken her friend's glass.
You shut up!
It doesn't matter where she sat!
Imagine if the waitress would have thrown
the broken glass in the trash!
If the truck had taken the garbage to the dump,
there would be nothing to do!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What a bore!"
Oh!
Oh...
Hey, what's wrong, Mouri?
Did it happen to you again?
-Did you say Mouri?
The Sleeping Kogoro? - (Mouri's voice) Servant.
But, with this case, I assure you that I will not fall asleep.
Let me explain to everyone exactly what happened.

After strangling the Mihir Kuze the public toilets in the park,
she went straight to the Shinjuku cafeteria to fabricate an alibi.
to fabricate an alibi.
What do you say?
Am I right, Miss Shodo?
Hey, wait a minute, Mouri!
You said something earlier.
We know that to go from the park to the cafeteria or vice versa,
it takes half an hour at least.
Miss Shodo couldn't have arrived
10 minutes after the victim went to the toilet.
(Mouri voice) That's true.
If the Mihir had died right after going to the toilet,
it would be impossible,
but we imagine that she was killed before she could get to the cafeteria.
Then, everything fits.
Before she could get there?
Then, the woman who came in... Yes, sir.
When she saw the body,
I imagine you reacted as we did.
This gothic lolita fashion is very shocking.
"When she made her entrance, she made a strong impression on us and the waitress,
both the waitress and us."
"But, above all, we noticed the clothes she was wearing,
and we couldn't describe her face."
"None of us could have imagined
"That the executive who came in 10 minutes later....,
was the same girl who shortly before was dressed as a gothic lolita."
Bullshit!
What you are saying has no basis in fact!
Earlier he said that they found traces of the Mihir in the broken glass.
(Mouri voice) This has an explanation.
The broken glass with the fingerprints,
he stole it a few days ago in the cafeteria.
(Voice Mouri) Exactly.
Probably, what he did is to invite the Mihir in his house.
"He served her some drink in this glass,
and he made sure his prints were all over it."
When she walked into the coffee shop dressed as a gothic lolita,
the first thing she did was change the glasses.
"She took out the one with the Mihir's fingerprints on it,
and put the glass on the table in her purse."
"10 minutes later,
"Once she had changed her clothes and removed her makeup,
she went back inside."
"Deliberately, she sat down in the same place...
where she had sat the first time."
"Her intention was to make the glass fall to the floor and break,
and to make it look as if he had done it unintentionally."
"He then sought to wipe up the water that had spilled."
So, we would not be surprised....
if we did not find the Mihir's fingerprints on the table and on the bench.
"The glass was the only one that could prove
that the Mihir had been there."
"I wanted it to break,
"Because if I helped the waitress pick up the shards,
no one would be surprised if her fingerprints were there."
His, and those of the Mihir.
But... but the glass could have been taken away by the garbage truck!
(Mouri voice) If they had found the body in two or three days,
I'm sure it would have been taken away by now.
I get it!
That's why he is called so much to the Mihir's mobile.
(Mobile)
"If a cell phone keeps ringing in a cubicle in a public toilet, sooner or later someone will look inside,
sooner or later someone will look inside."
Especially, if it calls just when this washroom is full of girls.
"I knew perfectly well that when the police found the body,
they would immediately suspect you."
But if he could prove that he had called her many times,
and could show us the broken glass with the Mihir's fingerprints on it,
you would have a very solid alibi.
Wait a moment!
You're forgetting something important.
Last night, the Mihir came to this store alone,
because she wanted to buy a dress.
This particular model was only sold yesterday.
I couldn't have bought it,
because I was in Fukuoka on a business trip, I arrived today at noon.
(Mouri voice) The key is not who bought it.
The key is how many dresses he bought.
Excuse me, Miss Mihir Kuze, you only bought one dress?
No, she bought two.
She called us and told us
that she could only come late in the afternoon,
and that I reserved two whole outfits for her.
We knew it would be sold out, because it's a very popular model...
and we had announced that it would come to the store.
Earlier, when Inspector Megure asked you...
to confirm that the Mihir had come alone to buy...
And she is the only customer who bought this dress?
(Mouri voice) You interrupted him with a question.

She did this because she wanted to prevent the sales clerk from having time to tell us that Mihir Kuze had bought two dresses.
that Mihir Kuze had bought two dresses.
She wanted to divert our attention,
and to concentrate only on who bought the dress.
Am I right?
Tell me something, Mouri.
Let's assume that Mihir and Yuiko wear the same size,
and that Yuiko has asked Mihir
to bring the suit to her today, at the place where they arranged to meet.
If Yuiko had killed her, and then put on the suit,
and copied Mihir's makeup and hairstyle,
she would have had practically no time to fabricate her alibi.
It does not seem very likely to me that, before the murder, both would have agreed to dress alike,
both would have agreed to dress alike.
-In fact, this... Exactly!
How does she know they weren't both bought for her?
Why did she have to buy a suit for me?
"Maybe she wanted a spare, for when the first one got dirty."
Lots of people do that, don't they? -Yes, maybe... (Mouri voice) It's true.
- (Mouri's voice) This question... (all 3) Mm?
It will be easily solved by my daughter and her friend.
(Conan voice) Ran, Sonoko, we want to see!
Come out, don't hide!
You're a...! You're an idiot!
Mr. Mouri wants you to show us
these nice clothes you've put on.
Oh, how embarrassing!
Oh, oh! Oooh!
Taran!
What are you dressed up as?
And why are you dressed the same way?
It's the fashion to dress up as twins.
Dressing up as twins? Yes!
There are many close friends who wear the same clothes,
do their hair and make-up the same,
and even carry the same bag.
"That way they look like twins."
"When I sold the two dresses to the Mihir,
I thought I wanted them for her and for a friend."
Very well, then: at some point, she told the Mihir...
that she wanted to dress like her.
Today, they dressed up and made up in public toilets,
and then strangled her, and left her body in the cubicle.
But this they must prove.
If they want to accuse me, they must have some proof.
Proof that proves... (Mouri's voice) We have proof.
Show us your left wrist.
A while ago, when you wanted to know the time and you looked at the watch....
Let's see, what time is it?
"She changed her mind, and then looked at the time on her cell phone."
While strangling her, the Mihir tried to defend herself.
"He scratched her left wrist with his fingernails."
She has two scratches, it's true!
It's not true, I did them in my sleep!
(Mouri voice) It's true, you could have done them yourself.
And we haven't found any skin fragments under the Mihir Kuze's nails.
"This means that you scratched her with false nails."
"If he made them disappear, it will be impossible to prove it."
Therefore, although he knew that he was running out of time...
and that he had to leave the scene of the crime as soon as possible..,
"... he took the time to remove the false nails from both hands...
with a specific product."
On top of that, the scratches made by the Mihir made him bleed.
"While strangling the victim,
"The drops of blood from the wrist wounds
fell into a place in the sink, and he had to clean them up."
Where did they fall, the drops of blood?
(Mouri voice) Inspector Takagi will call you and tell you.
(Mobile) Mm?
Here in Megure.
There are traces of blood in the cubicle adjacent to the victim's?!
We noticed that the roll holder lid was cleaner than those of the other cubicles.
than the other cubicles, and the forensic technician examined it.
The luminol was positive.
"Understood. Have you had the blood trace analyzed?"
The blood is not the victim's blood type.
It's probably the killer's.
I'm pretty sure the murder was committed in this cubicle,
and when the killer realized he'd left traces of blood behind,
he moved the body into the cubicle next door.
Yes, it all fits.
We need to take a blood sample for analysis.
Ha!
You can do whatever you want to me.
You know what?
The Mihir has already stolen everything that was mine,
every last drop of blood.
Everything that was hers?
Your boyfriend? -Yes, and many more things.
The first time was when we were 20 years old.

I was going through a rough patch.
I had been fired from the company where I worked,
and I had to leave my apartment.
"All my friends turned their backs on me."
"The only thing I had left was a childhood friend, the Mihir."
First, she got me a job at her father's company.
Then she asked me to move in with her, in her apartment.
If it's true, it seems that your friend cared about you!
Yes.
Until recently, I thought so too.
Until I found out that if I had been laid off
and lost my apartment and my friends
it was because of the Mihir, who had spoken ill of me!
What? And why did she do it?
I don't know.
Maybe she wanted us to always be together.
I guess she did it because... I was the only friend she had.
But... I found out that he had betrayed me.
He had cheated on me!
That's why I didn't let him get away with it this time!
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Think life is a fairy tale?
Then be careful.
In life, there is nothing more uncertain and more fragile than friendship.
You'll explain it to us at the police station!
Oh, she's sick! Eh ?!
Yes, friendship is uncertain and fragile!
But when you have a true friend, friendship fills your heart.
If friendship were something hard and rigid like a steel plate,
it wouldn't fill you at all!
(Think) "You're right."
"If I had been able to say these things to the Mihir....,
things would have been very different."
"Just like when we were little."
Yes, you have taught her a great lesson! Of course!
(Shinichi, thinks) "But looking like this, you rather made her laugh."
(snoring)
(snoring) Eh?
(snoring) Eh?
Where are they?
Where did they go?
(all) Eh?
(All) How nice!
It smells of bitter almonds.
What?
You mean she's been poisoned with cyanide?
-We're the Junior Detective League! -We want to help in the investigation.
A girl named Mayu who died in a landslide?
Hey, where did you get it, the flashlight?
That's right, I remember.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The fireflies that illuminate the truth'."

