(Conversation flutter)
Soon we will see the fireflies!
-I hope it won't be long! -Yes.
-He-he-he-he! - (mobile)
MHM?
-Yes, tell me.
I'm Owada. "I'm at Nakamine."
-Ah, hello, Nakamine.
Where do I pay, now? - "# (firefly song) #"
(Think) "The song of the fireflies?"
Since we have to drive very cautiously, we'll be a little late.
But we have already crossed the Akazawa Bridge.
I think we'll be there in 15 minutes.
(Owada) "Okay, understood. But above all, don't mail."
Yes, don't suffer.
Until now.
Hm, hm.
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"A murder during the village feast:
fireflies illuminate the truth."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"The fireflies that illuminate the truth."
(Conversation flutter)
He says it will only take 15 minutes.
-Yes! -Yes!
-I want to see the fireflies! -It won't be long now.
The fireflies will be used to attract visitors.
The townspeople are already counting.
Your sanctuary used to be a popular tourist destination.
Yes.
"We used to get visitors from all over the country who wanted to see our sanctuary, built inside a cave.
built inside a cave."
And Mr. Owada, the priest of the temple,
came up with the idea that they could raise fireflies.
But at first they didn't have enough money.
But... in the end they got them?
Yes, thanks to Nakamine, the son of the village mayor.
And the problem with the Aoi, how did it turn out?
Ah, well...
He told me that, in exchange for helping us raise the money for the bugs,
he wanted to marry my daughter.
- (Agasa) And how did she react? - (Owada) She refused.
In Nakamine he is the mayor's son, and he thinks he can do whatever he wants to do
and that all the girls are crazy about him.
But since he's the leader of the youth group,
at times like this he can help us.
-Look!
They're here.
They're here! -Come on, come on!
YES!
(Nakamine) Hey!
Turn off the streetlights!
(Nakamine) Eh?
(Woman) What's going on?
Hello, Taruma.
-Thank you for helping us. Oh, you're welcome.
-Nakamine, thank you, too! - (Nakamine) Tarumá!
You can open them.
Yes.
-Ooohhh! How nice!
-Oh, look! How beautiful!
-Oooh! -Oooh!
In the field it's darker and they look much better.
And so much.
Now you'll see!
I'll get you!
Ah!
Come here!
Ooh!
Where have you gone, firefly?
Ooh!
Firefly, where are you?
Fireflies...
have such small mouths that they can only suck water.
When they run out of the reserves they accumulate during the larval stage,
they die.
Inspector Narutaki, I'm glad you came.
Good evening, Mr. Owada.
They're very pretty, aren't they?
You don't know how I wish I could have shown them to the Mayu.
Oh!
Are you unwell?
He-he!
No, there's nothing wrong with me.
Poor man.
Last year a landslide buried the house.
-He lost a relative. Yes, he told me in the letter.
A man who had lost his clean by a landslide.
(Owada) Yes, I meant Mr. Narutaki.
(Agasa) He is a police inspector, isn't he?
Yes, we had a hard time, but it turned out to be a joke in the end, eh?
Where is he, in Nakamine?
I want to thank him.
What's up?
Where is he?
I don't see him, over here.
Let me call him.
Ah, listen?
Hey, Nakamine, what are you doing?
Where have you been?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
What's the matter?
Who's with you?
MHM?
What did he say to you, at Nakamine?
What's the matter?

I don't know.
I think it has been done wrong.
He said to me: "I'm on the rock of Eboshi, help me, please!"
-And where is it, this place? -It's a rock upstream.
- (Owada) We took the van. Yes!
-What's the matter? -Ah, it's... it's not there.
The key is not in contact.
Maybe it has been taken away at Nakamine.
(Song of the fireflies)
Nakamine!
Nakamine!
What's the matter?
Oh!
-Huh? -(Sniffs)
(Sniffs) It smells like bitter almonds.
(Sniffs) What?
You mean you've poisoned her with cyanide?
Poisoned?
Look, a bottle.
Do you think there was poison in it?
Oh.
A firefly.
(Narutaki) Let's put together everything we know so far,
before my colleagues from the police station arrive.
For some reason, in Nakamine it has disappeared...
from the firefly show.
Taruma, when you called him on his cell phone,
he told you it was at the Eboshi rock...
and you thought he was in trouble.
-There was someone near him, wasn't there? -Yes, sir.
So, they all went looking for him, and they found him dead,
in the passenger seat of his car.
Yes, it's obvious that Nakamine couldn't have driven to the rock by himself.
Apparently, he had broken his right leg.
This means that, after releasing the fireflies,
someone had taken him to the Eboshi rock,
"And once there, made him take a poison to kill him."
The firefly got out of the car when we arrived?
- (rumor) - Eh?
Aaaah!
-Who are you, you? -We are the Junior Detective League.
We want to help in the investigation.
The Junior Detective League?
This is not for little kids.
-Come on, get to bed! -I told you not to come.
-Mayu! -Huh?
Avi!
I think Mr. Narutaki, you reminded him of his cleaner.
The truth is that you look a lot like him.
A girl named Mayu, and she died in a landslide?
There are more and more landslides here.
I think they've cut down too many trees.
When it rains hard, I'm always afraid it will happen again.
Hello, Father.
Aoi, come here.
Where were you, when they released the fireflies?
Where was I?
I'm sorry, but I have to ask if you were with Nakamine.
-No, stop. We all knew what he was like.
I was worried that he would react badly.
Wait a minute: were you with in Kashiwa...?
-It wasn't that! -What do you mean, daughter?
Eeh... eeh... What were you saying, about in Kashiwa?
According to what he explained to us in Taruma, in Nakamine he was very cruel to him.
Come on, Tatsumi, if your late father knew...
that the most aristocratic family in town doesn't want to help us..,
he'd be very sad!
Speak more softly, I don't want them to sit you down.
I speak as I please.
If the Kashiwa family makes a generous contribution to the project,
the whole village will turn out.
-Right, Tarumá? -Yes, of course.
Go on, pay up!
We need you to bring the tourists back to the village.
-Xxt! -Oops, who's here?
You're the mayor's son, aren't you?
It's been a long time since I've seen you.
-It's true.
Good morning, Mrs. Kashiwa.
Kashiwa: Yes, it's been a long time.
You'll want something.
Tatsumi, please invite them in.
"Then, the mother scolded her son."
because she didn't understand that he didn't want to give money for the show.
Yes, because she doesn't know...
she doesn't know that her late husband has left them practically ruined.
(Coughs)
I don't care that you've been friends since you were little.
I don't want you to marry into Tatsumi Kashiwa.
A ruined family with a mother who doesn't know.
My child, it would be very hard, for you.
Watch out for the stairs, they're slippery.
Understood.
I've never seen a shrine inside a cave before!
Maybe we'll find fireflies, here.
Buzz, buzz, fireflies, buzz, it's already night.
"Just a moment. I felt the song of fireflies earlier."
- (mobile) -Hm?
-Yes, tell me.
This is Owada. "I'm at Nakamine."
-Ah, hello, Nakamine.
Where do I pay, now? - (firefly song) # (firefly song) #"
(Genta) Long live the Junior Detective League!
The inspector will give you a scolding again.

-It is in the offices of the sanctuary.
The other policemen are already here and have started the official investigation.
Do you know if they have discovered anything new?
Well, the bottle we found in the car last night
was Nakamine's favorite drink.
"It was empty,
and it looks like someone cleaned the inside very carefully."
"They cleaned it?" (Speaker: Owada) "Aoi! Are you there?"
The speaker is connected to the shrine office.
"Aoi, a police officer wants to talk to you."
Sorry to keep you waiting.
The thing is...
"...yesterday and this morning we've been questioning the people
who went to see the show."
What is this?
The priest forgot to turn off the microphone.
"Just as the fireflies came out of the boxes,
the Aoi disappeared for 30 minutes."
In fact, no one saw her again....
until the same time the body was found.
But, inspector, there is nothing strange about this.
We were in a very dark place, and it's quite normal that she wasn't seen.
When we questioned the people,
everyone remembered one or two people next to them.
"When we looked at fireflies with other people,
you have to get really close."
This is because they are so small.
But, during the show, no one remembers seeing her daughter
and neither does anyone else.
I am the other person.
(Narutaki) "In Nakamine was crazy about the Aoi."
"If she asked him to go to the Eboshi rock,
I'm sure he didn't refuse."
Once there, he could have poisoned.
Wait a minute, I could have asked him too.
Yes, but at Nakamine I had no compelling reason...
to go to the rock with you.
Be that as it may, I'm not suspected of anything.
-Ugh, what a break. -Hey, don't be in such a hurry, kid.
You're still on the suspect list.
In Nakamine was very angry with you
that you had stolen some of the money from the fireflies.
(Tarumá) "That's not true! That's a lie!"
"I have not stolen anything from anyone, least of all from the Nakamine!"
Genta.
Hey, where did you get it, the lantern?
Haven't you had it since last night?
I forgot to put it back!
"It was in the van that carried the fireflies."
Please show it to me.
What's wrong?
It's true.
I remember now.
-Nakamine, thanks to you, too! - (Nakamine) Tarumá!
You can open them!
I can open them.
Now I understand.
Aoi, if you have something to say, say it now.
(Agasa voice) Yes, you do have something to say.
Dr. Agasa.
Don't suffer, Mr. Owada.
Your daughter is not guilty of anything.
Leave the investigation of the case to the professionals.
The investigation will be closed soon,
when they prove that the person who committed the crime is in Taruma.
What do you mean?
I haven't committed any crime.
It was you, wasn't it?
You killed in Nakamine with a poisoned drink.
You're sound, or what?
When you killed him, you know perfectly well that I was with all of you!
You're going to call Nakamine and you're going to pretend he was dying
while you were talking to him, but it wasn't true,
because in reality your friend was already dead.
-What do you mean? -Wait a moment.
After opening the boxes of bugs, I left with my friends.
When would I have had time to go to the Eboshi rock?
-Before going to the river. -Huh?
You did receive a call from Nakamine
when they had not yet reached the riverbank?
The song of the fireflies could be heard in the background,
coming from the tent near the rock.
It was true.
"This means that in Nakamine was in the van driving in Tarumá,
and that they were going towards the rock of the Eboshi."
When she talked to him,
in Nakamine he told him that they had already crossed the Akazawa Bridge
and that it would only take them 15 minutes to get there.
But at Tarumá he left at Nakamine at the Eboshi rock,
and then came to the riverbank.
No, it is impossible.
When he opened the boxes of fireflies,
I heard Nakamine's voice.
Yes, it's a very simple trick.
He used this.
What do you mean by that?
It's a simple flashlight.
Yes, but it's also...

(Recording: Nakamine) "Hey! Turn off the streetlights!"
-That voice... - "Tarumá! You can open them."
This lantern incorporates a voice recorder.
You used it to make it look like you were talking to Nakamine.
Of course I did!
That's why he wouldn't pick up my cell phone when I called him.
That's right.
Tarumá, when you suggested we go to the rock with the van,
"You looked inside and all of a sudden you made a scary face."
"You told us that the key was not in contact,
"But what had scared you was that the flashlight was missing,
because one of the kids had taken it."
Probably, you made up a story to deceive Nakamine.
You told him that the Aoi he wanted to see behind his father's back.
You recorded a few sentences with the flashlight
to make it look like he was on the riverbank,
and you went to the Eboshi rock.
At Nakamine he swallowed the story you had made up.
You took him to the Eboshi rock.
"And he recorded his voice in the lantern,
because it looked like he was in the van."
"Earlier you had taken his car on the rock,
and you helped him sit in the passenger seat while he waited for the Aoi."
"And then you gave him the bottle with the poisoned drink."
He drank the poisoned drink while waiting for the Aoi and died.
That's a lie!
If I went to the rock before releasing the fireflies,
why was there one in Nakamine's car?
Because you put it on him.
You did it to reinforce your alibi.
-But when, and how? You're going to be very cold-blooded.
"You're going to run to the victim's car
to get there a little before us."
"And you switched the bottle of poison for another one
that had a firefly in it."
Before you put the firefly in, you cleaned it very well.
Come with me to the police station.
Aah!
-Iaah!!! - Oh!
Aoi!
Tatsumi!
Aaah!
Watch out! Mayu!
Aaah!
What is it, this noise?
Aaaah!!!
A landslide!
(Water dripping)
Are you all right?
-Yes, we're fine.
-Where is he, Ai? -I'm here.
Shit!
Tarumá!
Don't do anything stupid.
You can't escape.
Street!
-Mayu! -Ouch!
What's the matter?
(Genta) What's wrong?
- (Genta) A firefly! -It doesn't matter, now!
You're wrong.
If a firefly has entered, this means that there is a way out.
Ah, yes, of course.
-And it must be... that way! -Mayu!
Quiet!
If it comes near me, I'll kill it!
Look at this!
Now there are two fireflies!
(Think) "No, it's the reflection of the first one in the pool of water."
"The Ai has noticed..."
Aaah!
Now you'll see!
Maaayu!!!
I'm going to kill you!
Hurray!
Are you alright?
Mayu!
Mayu!
I'm sorry.
I'm not the Mayu.
Thank you for saving me.
I'm glad you did.
I'm glad I did it.
I'm so glad.
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
"In Tarumá he killed his friend to hide the fact
that he had stolen some of the firefly money."
"But he had also siphoned off money from Nakamine's father's company,
and he knew it was all about to be discovered."
There was a moment when I was worried.
Fortunately, everything turned out all right in the end.
-Yes, and so much so.
It ended well, too, for these two.
Yes, so it seems.
-What's he doing? -A thief?
I told you to stop!
Who was it?
I'd say he had a burn scar on his right cheek.
That man was there, the day of the bus hijacking?
But he didn't have the burn scar that day.
He was wearing a black knit cap and a mask!
"What? How can that be?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The red omen that danger calls'."

