Good, we can finally see her tomorrow at four o'clock.
-Yes.
-That's great!
Of course it is!
The Tokyo Spirits vs. Big Osaka final.
The Big won last time,
so the Spirits must fight back.
Wait a minute...
Hide, the Spirits, can't play tomorrow because of an injury.
Don't you think the Bigs will beat the crap out of them?
Yes, they will.
At Higo, the Bigs are capable of winning with a hat-trick.
And so, in addition to winning the game,
he'll become the league's top scorer.
And a radish!
Let's see, Higo won't be able to play tomorrow either because she has been suspended for accumulation of yellow cards.
for accumulation of yellow cards.
What are you saying?
Really?
It has been published in all the sports papers.
Neither of the two great rivals will be able to play the final tomorrow.
Now that you mention it...
In the last game, when they took away the yellow card to Higo,
the announcer was disappointed
and I got the impression that it was a bad omen.
She has been caught with a strategy with a lot of bad slime.
(Think) "A strategy with a lot of bad slime?"
"This one knows what a hat-trick is
and she doesn't know what a yellow card sanction is?"
Well, it hurts me that none of the goal scorers of the two teams
can't go out and play, the game won't be the same.
Now that you talk about pain,
tomorrow I have to go to the dentist to have a cavity removed,
I didn't remember!
-Don't smoke.
That's too bad!
-What a rage!
Tomorrow I do not play in Hide and I do not want to go to the dentist!
I hope tomorrow never comes!
(Man) Ep, kiddo, these things are not said.
Eh?
You don't have to say that tomorrow is full of hope.
Especially for little boys like you.
-What are you saying?
Who are you? -Quiet.
I'm just a retired guy who goes up and down the street
and just happened to be passing by.
Does this mean you're in for some fun tomorrow?
Yes.
I have so much to look forward to that I hardly know how I'm going to do it.
Tomorrow I'm going to Osaka to watch the soccer match.
Soccer?
And then I'm going to Tokyo
to go for a drink with a friend I haven't seen for ten years.
And tomorrow there's the last episode of a series that I'm really into.
And then there's the summer lottery.
Tomorrow they will announce the winning number.
Since I've bought a lot of tickets this time,
I'm very excited about...
-What are you doing? -A thief!
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"A move for a lottery ticket."
"The ghost of the FBI's Akai flattened with force."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"The red omen that calls danger."
Stop the thief! Guys, don't move from here!
But Conan! Stop!
I told you to stop!
(Shinichi voice) Coi, I've escaped!
-Ah!
Look, Conan!
-What about the thief?
Where's the thief?
He got away from you? (Conan voice) Yes.
But I was able to recover the bag, voice?
The zippers are closed;
so I'd say it hasn't taken anything.
Anyway, check to make sure you have everything.
Oh, thank you very much.
Let's see, the wallet, the house key,
the notepad, the soccer ticket...
Oh, the glasses case.
Looks like he didn't steal anything!
What's that?
You have a picture of the glasses case.
Yes, it's a picture of my cleaner, who is seven years old, you know?
I put it on
because these glasses were a birthday present
she chose for me, they are my most precious treasure.
-If she is seven years old it means.... -She is the same age as us!
She studies at Teitan elementary school?
Eh... well... I don't know, which school it was.

Here, your lottery.
I picked up all the numbers that were left lying around on the ground.
-Oh!
You have collected me?
How nice! I have also collected!
-I picked up three. And I picked up five!
Thank you very much for helping me so much.
In addition to retrieving the bag, I picked up the tickets.
Of course we did!
Because we are the Junior Detective League!
-Help those who need help! -The Junior Detective League?
Yes.
We've helped many times to solve cases that have actually happened.
And we know police inspectors.
Wow, that's impressive.
Tell me, Junior Detective League,
do you have time for me to take some of you out for pie
to thank you for your help?
-Yeah, sure! -Plenty of time!
What can I say?
Let's go to a bakery nearby?
-Yay! -Yes!
Yes! Yes!
Are you for real?
The game you're going to see tomorrow is the Bigs vs. the Spirits?
Yes.
See the ticket.
I bought a good seat, very good.
I'm so jealous.
I really like them too, both Hide and Higo,
so I can't wait to see their duel.
-Hey? -Eh... but... they two don't...
(Mobile: ringtone)
Yes, hello, Omi!
Tomorrow we'll have fun all night, just like before.
What?!
Tomorrow you have an engagement
and you have to leave at ten o'clock at night?
Come on, let's go!
But then we'll only be able to drink for an hour!
What do you think if we go for drinks from seven o'clock onwards?
We're already retired and have plenty of time.
I'll get in touch with the tavern, okay?
That's all right, I look forward to tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
Don't be surprised what an old man's face I've made!
Good bye!
Ah... let's see, change of plans.
Now we're going for drinks at seven o'clock.
Oh, that's right!
He's got a day full of things to do!
Hasn't he?
You wrote something about a washing machine for today.
Yes, now I have to go to Akihabara to buy one.
My machine broke down.
That's why I had to resort to self-service laundries.
In fact, I didn't dislike having to go to do laundry in my sweatpants...
with a pile of coins in my hand,
and wait quietly for the laundry to be done while reading the newspaper.
A laundromat, you say?
I'm looking forward to seeing "The Self-Service Laundry Murder",
by Detective Samonji!
-Tomorrow they'll give the solution to the case!
-Yes, guys!
I'm hooked on this series too.
I can't wait to see who the killer is.
According to my deductions,
maybe the killer is what looks so good.
I know who it is.
You do?
I know who the killer is.
It's just that I read the novel and I already know.
-Oh! -Really?
Don't tell us, we can't wait to see him!
No, of course I won't tell you.
Can you tell me in my ear?
Tell me who the murderer is.
Are you sure?
If it's on tomorrow.
It's just that since I'm going out for a drink.
I won't be able to watch the broadcast.
But you can record it to watch it later, man.
I think it would be better if I could enjoy it quietly.
Eh... yes.
You're absolutely right.
Well, thank you very much for your help,
guys from the Junior Detective League.
My name is Kyozo Daita.
If we meet again, I hope we'll be as good friends as today.
(All) Yes!
-What a curious gentleman, isn't he?
-Yes.
(Ayumi) I had a lot of hopes for tomorrow.
(Ayumi) This looks like it!
(Public Address: Man) "The train on track 2 will be arriving shortly."
"Please wait behind the yellow line."
(Think) "Yoshimi, please wait."
"I promise I'll help you right away."
She'll take badly... if she gets hit by the train.
"Beika. We are in Beika. We are very grateful to you for choosing us."
"Be careful not to leave anything in the carriage."
(Phone: ringing)
(Train: horn)
He was trying to commit suicide by throwing himself in front of the train, wasn't he?
To pay for the operation on his cleaner.
He was counting on his life insurance money, I guess.
How did you know that?
Well, because even though he said he was looking forward to tomorrow,
in reality, it doesn't matter what happens or doesn't happen.
What do I care?
Even if he's going to Osaka tomorrow to watch the Big and Spirits game,

does not know that Hide and Higo will not be able to play.
The match will start at four o'clock in the afternoon;
it makes no sense for him to say he'll be back for drinks with a friend
with a friend after three hours.
The match lasts two hours.
He can't possibly get back to Tokyo in the hour he has left.
And another thing: he has put the lottery tickets in his bag...
without counting them to see if they were all there.
It is incomprehensible that he would want to know the outcome of tomorrow's episode.
It is as if you knew for sure that you no longer have any future.
That is why we learned that you were planning to die today.
You have explained all this to us in Conan,
but we had already noticed something.
And he drank a lot of alcohol to make it look as if he had fallen on the tracks
because he was a drunk.
After the accident they would find his things
and they would see the soccer match ticket and the lottery tickets.
When it became known to our witnesses
that he had great expectations for tomorrow, it would never come to be thought
that he had committed suicide for the insurance money.
In other words, his life insurance
has no validity in case of suicide.
But how was it known that my cleaner was ill?
Because if the glasses that your cleaner has chosen for you
are her most precious treasure,
she should also know where she goes to school.
Look, the fact that she doesn't know means that she's in a situation...
that doesn't allow you to go to school.
That's why I thought maybe she's in some hospital.
Yes, she's been in the hospital for six months.
My poor limpia has a heart condition.
We finally found a good doctor abroad
and in principle she is due to be operated on soon.
However, the costs of the operation are monstrous...
and I had no other choice.
But even if she were to be cured by the operation, she would be very sad not to have the operation,
she would be very sad not to have you.
Besides, she has bought a lot of lottery tickets.
Maybe she'll win and everything!
It's impossible, how can she want to win a hundred million...
to the same person a second time?
-Eh?
A second time? -You already got it once?
Yes... At the end of last month.
I thanked God for that.
But I lost the winning lottery ticket
and no matter how hard I looked for it, I couldn't find it anywhere!
(All) What?!
Could it be that I checked that I had the winning ticket
when I was reading the newspaper at the self-service laundromat?
Yes... Because when I got home it was gone.
I probably dropped it on the floor on my way home.
What did you do with the rest of the tickets?
I didn't want to get confused and I threw them right there.
So you had to keep the winning ticket somewhere.
But it would be dangerous to slip-in the pocket of the tracksuit.
And even if it occurred to him to put it in the wallet,
like he was going to the laundromat with a pile of coins in his hand,
you probably didn't have it with you.
All that's left is the one you took with you that time.
Did you put it inside your glasses case, perhaps?
Of course I did!
I found it!
(All) Hurray!
Hey, how did you know I was wearing the glasses case then?
When I was reorganizing the agenda
I saw that he squinted a little,
so I thought those glasses were for reading.
If he checked the diary to see if he had the winning ticket,
he had them on him.
He didn't open the glasses case again
since he lost the ticket so he didn't see himself able to put them on,
thinking about the clean one.
Besides, you don't have to put on your reading glasses when you are looking for something.
What a break.
For a moment, I even thought about robbing a bank.
I'm glad I didn't.
(Thinking) "Come on!"
Sorry, sorry.
One doesn't have to do bad things.
I'm very grateful to you, detective boys!
I promise that one day I will reward you for your help.
-Goodbye, boys! -What did he think, this one?
These "boys" we prevented a bank robbery
four days ago.
Yes.
But the truth is that we were really scared.
Oh, I forgot: that day there was a bank customer...
whom I had seen before.
-And who was it?
Was it Miss Jodie? -No.
The man who came on the bus with us on the day of the kidnapping.
Yes!
The one who made bad eyes!
I saw him too.

I would say he had a burn scar on his right cheek.
That man was there the day of the bus hijacking?
But he didn't have the burn scar that day.
He was wearing a black knit cap and a mask!
(Think) "What? How can that be?"
What?
Akai?
Yes.
Akai in "red."
He told me about some red T-shirts.
He says they're long-sleeved
and they arrive every week and he wants to know why.
I don't know, I can tell that tomorrow at noon he wants to consult his father about his case.
(Thinking) "Ah, he's talking about the color, not the name."
And did you take note of the name and address of this person who called?
No, she didn't tell me what she wanted, she hung up without saying anything else.
See, I'm sure she must be a college student...
who's being played a practical joke by a stalker.
It was a voice distorted by some machine.
I couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman.
It's a little scary to me.
If it seems like a dangerous assignment, we turn it down and that's it.
Let's let it go.
After all, tomorrow the mystery person in the red T-shirts will come to the office.
will end up coming to the office and we'll have work anyway.
But he won't come to the agency.
He told me that he would show up at Beika Department Store.
In the sports section.
What?
And do I have to go to the trouble of going to that department store
to see someone who can't even be trusted?
But we have already eaten it.
We've eaten it?
Look, today, when I came home from school,
I found an envelope in the mailbox that said "order fee".
and inside was a hundred thousand yen.
Don't smoke this sushi... Yes.
And I also paid the outstanding bills with Poirot.
I thought all that money
was the case you solved last week.
When that person told me
that I had already left the amount to pay for the order in the mailbox,
I had already ordered the sushi.
What a head! "Beika Department Store..."
"Now that I realize, it's next to the Teito Bank,
where the robbery took place the other day."
The mystery of the red T-shirts?
You're asking me if the person you want me to investigate you
has come to this store?
Yes.
Did anyone come here this afternoon?
Let's see... but why would he come here?
I don't know.
What do you want me to tell you...?
Maybe he went to another section. Eh?
And what else?
What do you want me to do, ask all the stores on this floor?
Hey, now that you mention it,
someone came in earlier asking about a cap.
-Huh?
A cap? -Yes, that foreigner over there.
Please, don't make me repeat myself a thousand times!
The logo on this cap,
is on all the original designs of these stores.
That is to say that it is an exclusive product of yours!
Don't you remember the person who came to buy it?
Tell me!
No, besides, I don't know either...
that a customer like the one you describe has ever come to me.
I'm sorry about that.
Hey, can you tell me what a in head doors?
Is there anything wrong with the customer who bought this cap?
You shut up and stay out of it, you feel me?!
Miss Jodie? Eh? (Thinking) "And the agent?
(Think) "And Agent Camel, too?" What are you doing here?
I just wanted to check a little something, you know?
Wait a minute, why do you speak Japanese so well?
Well, it just so happens... in Camel has taught me.
You see, my Japanese has improved a lot!
Because I like Japan very much.
What's bothering you?
And now... "Stop explaining yourself."
Miss Jodie, wasn't she that FBI agent...
who taught high school English?
Who didn't come back to the States? No.
I still have some things to work out here.
This is Agent Camel, my partner.
We're going to be in Japan for a little while, though.
Oh, that's good.
If we meet again, you know that.
It seems they have nothing to do with the...
...mystery of the T-shirts.
Understood.
Next we're going to take a look around the golf store.
Excuse me, did that foreigner say anything else to you,
apart from asking about the cap?
Yes, she asked insistently...
if a man with a scar from a burn on his right cheek
had come to buy it.
(She thinks) "A burn on the right cheek?"

"So, Miss Jodie also saw....
that among the hostages in that bank robbery...
there was that man."
(Thinking) "Shuichi..."
Come on, Conan, we're leaving.
Thank you very much.
You are welcome.
-Daixò... -Excuse me.
-Hey?
Do you mind if we talk for a moment, please?
Gee, I've had enough!
It can't be.
It's after one o'clock.
It's true.
The client hasn't come.
That's it!
It's over!
We're leaving right now.
What's this paper bag? Maybe it's been left unattended.
Better not touch it, guys.
There'll be a bomb inside.
A bomb?! Like a bomb?!
-And why do you know it, something like that? -It turns out... -I happen to...
I've ended up with that on, too.
Watch out! A bomb?!
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
"Run away, this area is dangerous."
But... but man!
Why the hell is he wearing this?
Do you want to know who the sender of the thirteen red T-shirts inside this bag is?
inside this bag?
(He thinks) "Red T-shirts?!"
"Who is your target?"
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Thirteen black suggestions'."

