What do you mean!
That someone has seen in Shuichi Akai?
Yes.
Remember that incident?
You know what I mean, the Teito Bank robbery.
Images of the incident were rebroadcast all over the news
when they started trying the criminals in that case.
Among the released hostages
there was a guy I remembered a lot in Shuichi.
But come on, maybe it's just someone who looks a lot like him.
After all, you and I were able to see with our own eyes...
as the Akai brazenly appeared to Raiha...
and how the Kir blew his head off by shooting him with a gun.
(CLEC)
-Calling the Kir. Huh?
Before fleeing, Sherry showed up at the Haido City Hotel.
The Akai lured us to the Mouri Detective Agency,
in the Beika neighborhood, to kill us.
Afterwards, the FBI held the Kir...
at Haido Central Hospital...
And now a man nailed to the Akai
appears in a Beika bank robbery.
The neighborhoods of Beika and Haido are very close.
Do you think it's a coincidence?
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"A bomb threat in a department store."
"What is the goal of the Men in Black?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"Coming back from school... we met at Kyozo Daita."
"We, who had realized that the man wanted to commit suicide..,
we managed to change his mind."
"But suddenly, the group gave me an unexpected tip."
"When we stumbled upon a bank robbery," he said,
"Among the hostages was a man who was also with us
the day we were involved in the bus hijacking."
(Think) "No! Don't tell me it's him!"
"On the other hand, a strange assignment came in....
to the Mouri Detective Agency."
"A person wants to know
"Why someone sends him red T-shirts every week,
"and he turned to the Agency to investigate the case."
"The next day, we go to Beika Department Store...
to meet the client."
"There is also the Jodie, FBI agent."
"As I guessed, she's looking for..."
"13 black suggestions."
(Kogoro) Gee, I've had enough!
It can't be, it's already past one o'clock!
It's true, the client didn't come.
That's it!
It's over!
We're leaving right now!
What's this paper bag? Maybe it's been left unattended.
Better not touch it, guys.
A... inside there's ten... there's a bomb.
A bomb?!
Like a bomb?
And why do you know it, something like that?
I-it turns out... that I...
I've also ended up... with this on.
Ah! Watch out!
A bomb?
I'm really sorry, James, but we haven't finished eating yet.
"Please, Jodie... How long do you think you'll be, eating?"
Some things have happened,
and we're in the cafe in the basement of the department store.
"What things? That there's been some trouble?"
Ah... No, it's not that.
Look, when Camel comes back from the washroom...
and I've finished the iced tea I ordered,
we'll meet you there, okay?
(Thinking) "What's he supposed to do?"
"Jodie seems like a different person lately."
"She's been like that ever since that robbery."
"She's asked me not to say anything to you, to James,
but there's something about that hat."
Wait... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait a minute!
"Don't smoke that was..."
"That was...!"
(thinks) "It's not normal."
"If a mute man with the scar of a burn on his face
"came in to buy,
one of the sales clerks would have to remember him."
"What if there has never been such a person?"
"Then who did I really see?"
"Shuichi?!"
Oh... "Sorry.
Shuichi...
Shuichi, is that you?

Isn't it you?
Tell me it's you!
"How's this?"
"Eh? Was it bent all the time?"
"Run away! This area is dangerous."
"Shuichi!"
"Shuichi!"
(People: exclamations of fear)
But... But man!
Why the hell is he wearing this?
I don't know!
I've been knocked unconscious in the toilets attacking me from behind
and, when I regained consciousness,
a masked man was setting up the explosives for me
and told me to put some bags like this one
in front of the escalators and also in front of the normal ones...
And that if I didn't do what he said he would blow everything up.
We must call the police!
We must tell them right away and then....
No, don't do it!
He told me that he will press the detonator of the bombs
the very instant the police approach these warehouses.
And he said that if anyone flees from this plant
the story will also be over.
(murmurs)
And what are his demands, this man?
He says he wants to know
who is the sender of the 13 red T-shirts
that... are inside this bag.
Red T-shirts?!
What do you mean?
He said he's absolutely sure... that the sender is now on this floor.
(thinks) "What's on this floor?"
(murmurs)
Come on, come on!
(Muttering) Really?
If I do not find out who is the sender of the T-shirts
that's inside the bag, you plan to blow up the bombs, you said?
Yes.
This is what the masked man who attacked me and put the bomb around my body told me.
and put the bomb around my body.
And, on top of that, he told you that the one who sent them now is on this floor?
- (murmurs) - Yes.
Yes.
And that if that person comes forward voluntarily,
he won't set off the bombs.
Hey, you heard that!
I don't know why you do it, but listen,
you moron who sends T-shirts to crooked and straight!
Come out wherever you are!
-Who is it?
Who are you looking for? -I don't get it, all this.
One who sends T-shirts?
Well, let him come out.
Let him say who he is.
He doesn't want to be seen.
Ja...
He has also demanded that all the escalators should be stopped
and that the elevator does not stop on this floor.
I get it.
He wants to keep everyone caged on this floor
until we find out who the fuck sent him the T-shirts.
-What?!
It can't be. I... I can't... I can't.
I can't anymore!
No, wait!
Don't rush!
Quiet!
Quiet!
(shouting)
I'm telling them to calm down!
Come on! (shouting)
Listen to me!
(murmuring)
(Shouting)
(People: talking at once)
Stay on this floor, please!
(Shouting)
-Calm down, please! -Aaaaaah!
- (people: talking at the same time) - (steam: continues to shoot out)
You heard it, right?
The author of the bombs wants you to find out
who's been sending him the red T-shirts
and says he's sure the person in question is on this floor.
Just one person fleeing here
before we don't find out who the sender is, he will press the detonator.
And, naturally, if we warn the police we are finished!
The selfish behavior of a single person will lead to casualties!
-In short, he told you that, didn't he? -Yes.
(murmurs)
Can you call the manager of the department store,
explain the situation...
and ask him to stop the escalators
and that the elevator cannot stop on this floor?
Yes!
And to prevent the stairs from being used, too.
Naturally, just in case,
remarked - to refrain from calling the police.
It is quite possible that whoever planted the bombs
is also on this floor and is watching what we are doing.
We understand.
Understood.
Let's see... What can we do now?
And if you tell him to show them to us?
The red T-shirts
that you say a stranger sends them to you every week.
Eh?
I don't remember saying... they send them every week, kid.
An accomplice of the bomber
called me to ask me to look into a case.
He wanted me to find out why they send him
a red T-shirt every week
and he wanted to meet at noon today
in the sports section of Beika's Department Store to discuss the matter with me, Kogi
to discuss the matter with me, Kogoro Mouri.
You are Kogoro Mouri?
That famous detective?
Yes, so, don't worry...

Now you will see how I find out the sender of the red t-shirts
and the author of the bomb.
But don't come so close to me, if you don't mind.
Of course I do.
What do you mean?
Have you seen coming out of this cafe
a man with a burn scar on his right cheek?
-Have you really seen him? -Yes...
He came out a moment ago,
immediately after you went out to take a call.
And that person was wearing a cap like this?
Yes, he was wearing one.
-So you're looking for the Akai? -Huh?
Earlier I passed a man in the toilets... identical to the Akai,
with a burn on his right cheek.
-What are you saying?
It can't be!
Is it here?! - Yes, it's here...
But I've lost sight of her, I'm sorry.
-But what's it doing here? -What's it doing here?
So, it could be...
that when you were involved in that bank robbery,
the person you asked about...
That's right.
After the incident I was looking for him
because I lost sight of him in the confusion...
And I also realized, from the logo on the back of his cap,
that it was an exclusive Beika Department Store design.
That's why I came to investigate, to find some clue.
Forgive me, please.
It was a half-hearted suspicion, so I didn't think I could explain it to you.
It seemed to me that he had become mute and had lost his memory,
and I wasn't sure it was him.
Listen...
I don't know, but couldn't it all be a trap set by those riffraff?
Eh?
Remember that you told me yourself, that Shuichi Akai was dead!
And they checked the fingerprints, too!
He can't be alive!
But...
Just as you told us,
we found his prints and Conan's prints on the cell phone.
As well as the prints of the man we found burned to death.
I'm sure Shuichi knew how to get by!
And how can you tell me that this could be a trap?!
Stop-because... Maybe they are preparing one and want to disorient us.
Interventionists?
What's going on?
It looks like something happened on one of the upper floors.
There was a whole bunch of customers in an uproar
because the elevator doesn't stop on that floor.
This means that the man with the burn is in Shuichi!
-Huh? -Look!
The man with the burn on his face left me this message on the sly.
What?
So, this means that the Akai saw it coming...
that some incident would happen in these warehouses.
Of course he did.
I'm sure of it;
he's regained his memory.
(He thinks) "But what happened?"
"Shuichi, what the hell is going on here?"
According to the mailing label
the envelopes where the T-shirts were sent,
sets of two T-shirts were sent out 7 weeks ago,
6 weeks and 5 weeks ago.
But, for whatever reason,
the package 4 weeks ago had only one.
And then sets of two T-shirts were sent out again
three weeks ago, two weeks ago and last week.
-And that means something? -I don't know.
All I can think of is that it means some misfortune, because there are 13 of them.
Please, man!
I told him not to get hooked on me!
He's got a bomb on him, damn it!
A-ay, I'm sorry! Eh?
I'm sorry.
You have a red mark on your coat at shoulder level.
Eh? (gasps)
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
If it's red, maybe it has something to do with this case!
Ah, it's probably just a lipstick smudge.
When I came here, the train I took was packed to the rafters.
Is that so?
In any case, stay a little further, please.
Yes.
Eh?
Inside one of the envelopes where the T-shirts were, there's something left.
What's that?
Isn't it a receipt for the T-shirts?
It also says the number of T-shirts purchased.
Mm?
A receipt, you say?
Mm-hm.
That's right.
It seems to me that this receipt was inside the envelope that had a T-shirt in it.
And the other envelopes, there's one too.
Oh, yeah? Yeah.
That's right.
The dates on the receipts match
with the dates on the mailing labels on the packages.
So he bought them and sent them on the same day.
But if the receipts are torn, we can't know where they were bought.
On the receipt for the ones he bought last week, you can see something.
you can see something.
Do you see it?
Here he didn't tear it well enough and you can see a logo.
T-this is...
It's the Beika Department Store logo!
And another thing.

I also find it very curious that I always buy them at 12 and 28 minutes.
Of course!
That's why the author of the bombs is sure
that now the sender is on this floor!
Because he comes after noon to buy the t-shirts.
mm '
Wait.
Why should it be just in the sports section?
Because it's sports jerseys, maybe?
That's what gets them in, at least.
Yeah, man, they're those polyester ones....
that you wear when you go running,
that absorb sweat and dry quickly.
Of course!
Do you know which section sells this type of material?
Probably the fitness equipment section...
-Port-me right now! Yes!
Acompanyi'm, please.
"This doesn't fit."
"Although he consciously concealed where he bought them...
"Until two weeks ago,
how is it that this week here you made this mistake?
"Besides..."
Conan, what's wrong?
Have you noticed something else?
Yes.
I was thinking that this receipt is very strange.
Strange?
Yeah, because if I wanted to hide where it was bought,
he only needed to tear the left side of the receipt.
He didn't need to tear the right side.
Maybe he's a bit of a clumsy person.
The shirts were either way.
Huh?
Either way? Mm-hm.
Check it out.
This T-shirt has got some weird wrinkles in it.
If we follow the shape and fold it...
It looks like this.
This is...
Don't tell me that...
-What do we do, sir?
Do we intervene? -No, wait.
The author of the bombs said
he'll set them off if the police come near, you heard him.
But... But according to our informant, those bombs didn't...
We can't trust that!
Maybe he meant it in a good way to try to help and that's enough.
We must wait here for a while
until the bomber moves.
(Woman) Hey, how long am I supposed to wait...
for the ghost of someone who doesn't even exist?
(Man) "Chianti, don't be hasty."
According to a reliable source,
a man who could be the Akai has entered this department store.
And here it will be me, who will judge whether he is a ghost or not.
If, when the time comes, it turns out that he is not a ghost,
then it will be you,
who becomes a... Kir...
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Fuuu... sion!
I'm so happy I have chills.
Because I might get it again.
Father, what are you doing?
You've got a bomb together!
(Kogoro voice) Don't let me blow them up.
I'm the famous detective for a reason... Kogoro Mouri.
Don't miss the next episode: "The black time limit is approaching".

