(Woman) It's a ghost.
It's impossible for him to be alive.
Because I shot Shuichi Akai to death with my own hands.
with my own hands.
And, Gin..., I did it in front of you, you know.
I saw it through a monitor.
At that time, you had a chance to do some editing.
-Am I wrong, Kir? MM...
A montage?
And what kind of montage could I do?
First of all, let's be clear that the person who ordered me...
to bring the Akai to Raiha was you.
No, now!
Call him and tell him to come right now!
The truth is that I can't do it anymore, to be to the organization.
I want to get out, and I want you to help me escape.
Obviously, I'll give the FBI all the information they want.
-That we could meet right now? -Okay.
If you're alone, I have... no objection.
Are you satisfied now?
And you ordered me to shoot him in the head, too, remember?
(Gin) "Aim for the head."
Shoot a bullet in the brain.
That'll be the way to make sure he doesn't bother us again.
And through the camera you placed on me,
you saw clearly from the moment his head started to bleed
to the moment he fell to the ground.
After the FBI saved me,
I was constantly under surveillance by the organization,
and therefore it would have been impossible for me to come to terms with it.
I could not have been handled by any set-up.
Now, if either of us had had a divinely gifted mind,
able to foresee everything that was going to happen,
we might have been able to make a montage.
A... a mind like that of Sherlock Holmes.
Why don't you stop with the strange suspicions,
and rejoice that your archenemy has disappeared?
Yes!
I'm so glad I have chills.
Because if the guy were still alive, I could carry him again.
"The flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"The time limit is approaching."
"We discover the target of the bomber."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainiku no ame dakedo
yotei door dekake mashou
Sekkaku no vestir mo
Anata ni wa Miete Naish

Shuumatsu no sakura Door nara
hanayaida Shiroi michi
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de
natsukashinda Serusier
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba
Kizutsuke Awazu ni
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
Omou koto mo dekiru KEDO
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
Iroasete yuku Omois mo ario
Soredemo samezame to nagareteku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana
Ah... hyururu hay wa ochite
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"A very strange assignment comes to the Mouri Detective Agency."
"Someone wants to find out who is sending him
"A red T-shirt every week
and wants to consult the case with Mr. Mouri."
"We went to Beika Department Store to meet that client,
but a man with a bomb strapped to his body was waiting for us there."
"He said that a masked man threatened you
and forced her to place bombs in several places in the plant."
"Thus, we have been trapped in this plant."
"The demands of the masked man are that we find the person
who has been sending him T-shirts every week."
"He says he's sure the sender is on this very floor."
"We have been examining the 13 T-shirts
"That he has had him wear to the man who wears the bomb attached to his body,
"and we have discovered from receipts
that these garments had been purchased
every Sunday at 12:28 at the fitness equipment store."
"Who is the sender of these T-shirts, and what is the target?"
"And then, who is the man who has assembled these bombs?
To flush the sender out of the burrow?"
"The black time limit is approaching."
Vodka, park the car in front of the warehouses!
Leave it in a position from where we can see well
if that possible Akai comes out.
What's wrong with you?
Start the car!
Yes, it looks like, according to Korn,
who's guarding the basement floor..,
there's something going on inside the department store.
"Hey, Korn, can't you give us any more details?"
No, but I've seen an intervention squad...
and a bomb squad coming in.
There were a bunch of them, all together.

An intervention... brigade and a bomb disposal unit!
(He thinks) "But what the hell...? May I know what's going on?"
(Mouri) Wait a moment, please!
You know that the author of the bomb has demanded that we meet,
in the midst of all the people of this plant,
the person who buys and sends you red sports jerseys
every week.
Aaa... yes.
The receipts that you have sent along with the T-shirts
are from these warehouses.
And this garment is only sold
in this fitness equipment store!
He has always bought them on the same day: Sundays at 12 and 28 minutes!
-And on top of that... -Oh...
You are the only sales clerk on Sundays at that time!
-I'm not mistaken, am I? -No, no, sir.
Then how come you don't remember this customer?!
It sticks in one's mind, these things!
The customer buys them every week,
the same day, at the same time, damn it!
I-I really don't remember, I'm sorry.
(Mouri) What a drag!
Oh...
And still today... we haven't sold red sports shirts.
Tell me, has it never happened that someone relieves you at this hour?
-Think carefully, sisplau. -Not in the last 6 months, no.
So, these receipts could be several years old?
No, sir.
This type of receipt has started to be used this year.
Anyway, I can tell you that I am in charge of the product...
and receiving payments from customers,
and I take the money to Seta, who is the cashier.
I then give the customer the change and the purchase in a bag,
along with the corresponding receipt.
Mm?
Mm...
If only I had met such a peculiar customer,
I'm sure I wouldn't forget, believe me.
But look, from the receipts it's evident that they were all bought here...
-Excuse me... -Mm?
It's the bomber!
Don't let him near me, Reco!
Enough of this!
I've had enough!
Please don't call me "bomb man"!
I-I didn't plant them, the bombs!
I'm just a random citizen who hasn't done anything
who's been hit by these explosives...
- (people: call) -You don't listen to me!
I told you to stay well away until I can solve the case!
-Did you understand me? -Yes, all right.
But listen, that boy with the glasses...
is doing something wrong... with those red T-shirts.
A mischief?
What's the meaning of this? Look.
I've folded the shirts following the wrinkles in them,
the same way you did before.
Mm...
Seen all together, they do look a bit distressing.
They remind me of the figures in that Sherlock Holmes novel...
"The Dancers", right? Yes, that's right!
They look like those hieroglyphics.
Això could also be a hieroglyphic.
If we read it from right to left in the order they were sent,
maybe some word will come out...
Coi! That's too bad!
I make a half turn and it already does some! Father, please!
I told you to wait for me without fooling around!
Look, when Conan has folded the shirts...
following the wrinkles they have....,
a kind of hieroglyphic came out.
A hieroglyph, you say?
It's impossible, woman!
We don't even know if the wrinkles are from when they were folded.
What do you mean?
The sender of some red sports shirts?
Yes, sir!
It looks like the author's goal is to find out what sent them.
And listen, how many bombs are there?
According to the security camera footage,
there's one in front of each of the two elevators,
one in front of each of the access stairs
and there's also one on the escalators.
-So many bombs?
What a problem... - How strange...
As little time has passed since the plant was closed,
I find that masses of things are leaking out, don't you?
-You can already well said... -Also...
Eh?
Don't smoke!
Are you in the pump plant?
Hey, listen.
You're right to call me?
There's the bomb guy!
It's strange, he hasn't taken the customers' cell phones.
-Maybe he's just an amateur. I hope you're right.
Donkey!
This is no time for jokes!
"I'm not joking! Look for yourself!"
- (woman: thinks) "A video call?" - "You see?"
"There's a grandfather with some explosives around his body."
- (man) How can it be?! - (man) Oh!
Shuichi?

Shuichi!
Mm... Fuuu... Zion!
I... may I know what you're doing?
I tried to move following the position of the shirts...,
but I can't get the webbing out.
Please, don't waste time with this and try to find the sender, man!
Yeah, sure...
Hey, the moves you were making...
they look a lot like something, don't they?
Eh? Yeah, they do!
It's possible that Conan knows what I'm talking about...
Eh?
Oh, he's gone again!
Yes?
Is he really?
So, the customers give him what they want to buy...
and then she takes it all to the back there,
where the cashier is.
Yes, that's right.
I do that and tell them to wait a moment.
Thank you very much for telling me!
Good bye!
Oh...
Sorry to bother you!
Oh, how beautiful! W-where are you going?
Wait, wait, wait!
The box room is like this?
Yes, it is.
I'll use the computer for a moment.
T-to do what?
It's just that Mr. Kogoro asked me to check something:
a serious accident that happened on the mountain on December 28th.
Yes, of course...
I found it.
I'm sure this is it.
Eh?
It's an accident that happened more than 10 years ago.
It seems that an experienced climber
lost his life in an avalanche.
Well, and now... Eh?
You don't see anything else?
I'll go tell Mr. Kogoro that it's exactly as he thought.
I see...
Thank you very much, Miss Maruoka! Eh?
You're... You're welcome.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I already know what the sender's target is."
"Now I still need to find out the target of the one who planted the bombs,
the one to whom he sent the packages."
"The reason why he organized all this mess."
"Unfortunately, I have no choice
but to see what this man who planted the explosives comes up with."
"But in view of the absolute certainty he demonstrates.
"I would say there is no doubt:
"He is convinced that the crime he committed more than 10 years ago will never be discovered.
he committed more than 10 years ago will never be discovered."
Hello, Conan.
Where did you go?
Ha, ha, ha!
I went to the toilet.
Coi de chiquillo!
(Male voice) Yes, it's impossible to get caught.
My crime was perfect.
There's no evidence, no witnesses to what happened.
You insolent bastard who threatens me,
I won't allow you to touch again what doesn't sound!
Tell me, have you found out anything yet?
So far, nothing.
Eh?
Sure, with this little devil's boy around everywhere,
there's no way to concentrate!
What a face!
He's not to blame for what's going on.
Ep, you started it all by ordering that sushi.
And now he blames Ran, of course.
Shut up, you two bores!
I'll figure it out!
Let me think! Ouch...
-May I, please? -Yes...
(Think) "As I suspected, it was a snowy mountain."
(Wheels: hei)
-But why won't they let us in? -I'm sorry, we can't tell you.
Well, well... They've kidnapped people from a bomb-threatened plant?
Yes, some moron has come up with this move,
and it looks like he's demanded that a person be found.
If the man nailed to the Akai has not left this department store,
it means he's probably... also on the affected floor.
This is quite a mess.
Whether they arrest the bomber or blow them up,
there's going to be a lot of chaos at the exits.
I don't know if we'll be able to shoot the Akai like this.
Of course, it will be an optimal opportunity.
The sniper will be masked by the commotion of people.
And, even if he wants to run away, the Akai will have limited movements.
Between the Chianti, which will have its sights set on him from above,
and Korn, who is guarding the basement exit,
he will be very easy prey.
Listen to one thing: is he aware of all this?
- "He"?
Who are you talking about? -D'en Bourbon.
I understand he's looking for Sherry,
that scientist who betrayed the organization.
I don't know about that.
That guy's as... secretive as Vermouth.
I have... no fucking idea where he is or what he's doing.
Hey, come to think of it, I hated the Akai at Bourbon too.
I think even more than you did.
Yeah, but even if I knew where he was, I wouldn't have...
the slightest intention of informing him.
Wouldn't you?
Why wouldn't you?

Because he in no way believed that the Akai was dead.
He kept threatening to say that he was the only one
who could take him out, so no wonder.
If this man in question was the Akai....,
that bastard would be laughing in my face for sure.
And the last thing I want is to have to humiliate myself by agreeing with him.
Eh?
-Hey, that's enough! Hey, that's right!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
How long will it take you to solve this, huh?!
You're supposed to be the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
Please find the sender of the T-shirts,
as requested by the bomber,
and alliberi'ns at once, come on!
I'm sorry.
I have not yet defined who the sender is,
nor who the bomber is, either.
- (mobile: message alert) MM?
(Think) "Eh? A message? This address doesn't ring a bell."
Eh?
It can't be!
Aaah, ay...
Father, what are you doing?
You've got a bomb together!
(Mouri voice) Ha, ha!
I swear... I won't let you blow them up.
I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri for a reason.
Don't tell me you found out who
the sender of the red sports shirts!
But you just said you hadn't figured it out yet.
(Mouri's voice) Yes, we are talking about an undefined sender...
and of an equally undefined author of these bombs.
This is the key to solve this case!
How!
That there is movement in the hijacked plant?
Yes, sir.
And besides, Detective Mouri is in that plant.
How so!
In Sleeping Kogoro?
I hope I can prevent explosions from occurring.
Waiting is a torment.
We're counting on you, Detective Mouri!
(Mouri voice) Don't you find it strange?
If one looks at the receipts that were sent out
along with those red sport shirts,
you realize that they were purchased in the sports section
of these department stores
every Sunday at 28 minutes past 12.
If you want to know who the sender is, all you have to do is watch the store at that time,
it will be enough to watch the store at that exact time,
because he will come to buy them without fail.
But the sender is sure not to have shown up.
Whoever is looking for him has knocked that man unconscious,
put explosives around his body
and demanded that we look for the sender.
This doesn't make any sense.
Eh?
If you want to place a bomb on someone else's body,
you have to do it on the sly so no one can see it.
And doing this means leaving the store in question unattended at all costs.
Do you think that an individual who desperately seeks out the sender
to the point of using bombs, would commit such a serious recklessness?
This is true, but...
if the bomber had an accomplice to watch out for, perhaps?
He has none.
Look around you.
Everyone is using a cell phone, you see?
If the person holding this plant hostage had an accomplice,
he wouldn't allow them to act this way.
So, it couldn't be...
that he put the explosives attached to the body of that gentleman
before 12:28 minutes past 12:00.
(Mouri voice) No, the bombs are what we would call the last resort.
As for those of the accesses of this plant,
it would be enough to remove them before blowing them up.
But the sender could arrive at the most unexpected moment
to buy the T-shirts,
and to put a bomb in the body of a person beforehand
is too high a risk.
So, the bomber is on his own.
So, how could he put the bomb around the body of that gentleman
without leaving the T-shirt store?
(Mouri's voice) He didn't put the bomb on his body here,
he came with the bomb on him from the beginning.
From the beginning ?!
Wait, don't tell me that...
Right, bomb man..., bomb man...,
an ordinary citizen?
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?

(Shinichi, think) "The message from a stranger?"
Why in such a hurry? Ouch!
No way, don't tell me you're looking for the same person as me.
Shuichi, don't do it!
Don't go out on the street!
Those riffraff want to kill you!
Shuichi!
In Shuichi Akai...
"Don't miss the next episode! 'A red target that shakes'."

