Eh?
Hm.
Erm... Excuse me, sir.
Excuse me, sir.
Ah.
Excuse me, please.
I'll be leaving right away.
I just wanted to see how things were going out there.
With the hijacking of the plant with a bomb threat,
I wouldn't be able to do anything now, really.
Uh-uh...
But I would like to invite for a hot and bitter cup of coffee
those of you who are holding your breath...
waiting for their prey to appear in the midst of this heat wave.
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face the mystery begins."
"All aspects of the bomb threat
and the fate of the Akai's ghost come to light."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"We have gone to Beika Department Store.
"To solve the case of some T-shirts
"That they have been sending to someone every week,
but there awaited us a man with explosives strapped to his body."
"The masked man who has put them there has demanded
"That we find the sender of the 13 T-shirts he has received,
which is now on this floor."
"We have been able to clarify that the T-shirts have been buying them
"Every Sunday at 12:28
"But the store that sells them doesn't remember any customer
who have made these purchases."
"But what's going on here?"
"From some strange wrinkles we found on the T-shirts,
"I've discovered that this case is connected to an accident
that a climber had on the mountain more than 10 years ago."
Father, what are you doing?
You have a bomb together!
(Kogoro voice) I swear I won't let you blow them up.
I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri for a reason.
Grrrr...
Isn't that right, bomb man?
"A red target that shakes"
No... Not me, no...
Seeing that it was 28 minutes past 12,
and no one showed up to buy that piece of clothing, he understood.
Of course, as I suspected,
it was all a trap by the sender to lure him here.
That's why he tried to expose the despicable sender!
But how could he bring it to light?
If the sender knows this man's address, he certainly knows what kind of face he's making.
He took it for granted that by making it look as if a bomb had been attached to his body
and threatening to blow up the bombs if the sender was not found,
the latter would be seen to be lying through his teeth.
But come on, even if he had not used such a convoluted method,
I would have found out who the sender was anyway.
Yes?
Would you? Yes, from the receipts.
"No matter how careful you are, it's almost impossible...
to get all your receipts at 12:28 p.m.
If it were expressly requested
that they take out the receipt at that exact time
maybe you could do it,
but the store clerks would definitely remember such a peculiar customer.
such a peculiar customer.
However, if they don't remember such a customer?
means that the sender is the same person who issues the receipts.
Oh.
That is to say, she's the cashier
at the fitness equipment store
that sells those red sports shirts.
Miss Seta, I'm talking about you.
The cashier of that store is in a small room.
"And neither the customers nor the sales clerk can't see what's being done inside."
"So I could take out the receipts at 12:28"
without anyone suspecting anything.
In addition, there was also a good chance
that the sender and the recipient knew each other.
Without... the fact that the addressee
the fact that the addressee did not see you at any time is a definite factor
that confirms that you were hiding
inside the box room.
Ma-Mai, is that you?
Is that you, pretty girl?
Are you the Never?
Maruoka's daughter?
Yes, it's me, Mr. Fukunishi!
I'm the daughter of Daisaku Maruoka,
the man you murdered 13 years ago on the mountain!

Now don't give me that confidence!
You're wrong, he died because of an avalanche.
Of course he did.
The fact that there happened to be that avalanche played in his favor.
With that, the police didn't investigate any further.
Oooh...
They closed the case as an accidental death and that was enough!
But on that Sunday, December 28th, 13 years ago,
my father wrote something in his morning diary, before he left!
That if you gazed at the majestic scenery
that you could see from the top of that mountain,
he would learn his lesson and rectify his behavior.
Then they said they suspected my father of embezzlement!
But I know very well that it was you, his subordinate,
who pocketed money from the company
and the one who would pin the crime on you!
Never, but what are you saying?
(Think) "Now I understand, it was this woman?! This woman is the one who..."
Hey... Are you satisfied now?
Release my son, please.
Your son?
What are you talking about?
You're the one who pushed me to act like this with this letter, aren't you?
What letter?
Show it to me, please!
"I have your son, if you want him back,
you have to put on the explosives I'm sending you with this letter.
The remaining bombs, you have to take them to Beika Department Store...
and hijack the floor of the sports section.
There you will beg them to find the sender,
because if they don't, they'll kill you.
If I have a fit of the giggles when I see you this pathetic,
I'll come back to your son.
I have nothing to do with this letter.
And a black lamb!
My son disappeared a week ago!
And I don't know anything!
-Eh? -Torna'm my son, please!
Now I understand.
So, this was your target, right?
Pa-father?
Miss Seta has a weakness:
she has been sending you weekly those T-shirts.
On the other hand, you feel strong because you know that,
without a letter like this, a bomb threat would not be justified.
That is why you have written yourself this fake threatening letter
and thus, by the way, further aggravate the sender's misdemeanor!
But you did not even imagine
that Miss Seta has definitive proof
that proves that you murdered her father!
A definitive proof?
(thinks) "It's ridiculous. There can't possibly be any! Impossible!"
I'm talking about the 13 sports shirts she's been sending you!
Actually, when one folds them according to the wrinkles they have,
you write in the language of signals with flags.
Are those signals that can transmit words
by moving a white flag and a red flag?
Exactly, reading the signals in order we can read:
"I have... seen...
as... the en... te... rra... you... see ".
"I have seen as the buried."
Wait, you saw him when he was burying the body?
Ha-ha-ha !!!
-I knew it was a bluff! -A lantern?
Sure, it was more than obvious!
There was a storm so strong that you couldn't even open your eyes.
Even if there was someone with me, it would be...
...it would be quite impossible for me to see how the body was buried.
-I'm not wrong, am I? -No, I...
According to Mr. Maruoka's diary,
that was the first time he climbed a mountain.
It is not logical that a beginner like you
away from the shelter in the middle of a snowstorm.
Therefore, if you dig at the edge of the shelter where you were...
when you went up the mountain,
I suppose that they will find the corpse of the climber
that you murdered and buried there 13 years ago.
You were so sure that no one saw him that you underestimated the risk.
But in fact there was a witness.
You, who killed him.
Eeeh...
(Cries)
By the way, another thing, is it true that your son has disappeared?
Yes.
He has run away from home again, as usual.
It's so absurd!
I pocketed the money from the company
because I wanted my son to go to a famous school,
even murdered my head for reproaching me.
And that same son has ended up running away from home?
All right, well, somebody call the police...
so they can take him to the police station.
Yes.
Tell the rest of the customers that the bombs in these bags
are not real and are just smoking!
Yes, you understand.
Although I'm sure, with Miss Seta's warning,

the intervention brigade is already on the move and should be close by.
It's true, I told them that they could come and arrest him immediately...
because the bombs were fake but, for whatever reason, they didn't do it.
Hey, Father, how did you know that the bombs were not real?
Well, because of the brand of lipstick on his coat!
If what he's wearing around his body were real explosives,
there's no way he'd get on a train full to the brim.
With this I close the order he gave me.
-Are you satisfied, Miss Seta? -Yes.
Did you know that I used a voice transformer
and that I called you to investigate the case.
I just wanted to see the look on that man's face
when he felt he could decipher the meaning of the flag signals that my father taught me.
my father taught me.
I didn't even imagine he would confess.
It was extraordinary!
It's hard to believe that with those clues alone,
I could have figured out the accident that occurred on a December 28th
and that I asked him to check it out.
This is because...
Flag signals are used
where it is difficult to communicate with the voice, such as the sea or the mountains.
And if the meaning of the message sent is "I have seen how the buried".
it can't be the sea, but the mountain.
Oh.
Also, the receipt was strangely torn on the right side to suggest the image of a mountain.
to suggest the image of a snowy mountain.
The red color of the T-shirts hints at a murder.
If it's a murder on a snowy mountain, it suggests an accident.
And since it is usually difficult to determine the
to determine the exact time of such accidents,
"You can think of 12:28 as referring to December 28."
Oh.
This is what it says!
An unknown person sent me this message a while ago.
Let me look at it for a moment.
(Yawns)
What-what happened with the bombing thing?
(Yawns) Huh? Huh? (Thinking) "A stranger's message?
(Thinks) "A message from a stranger?"
"Who could it be?"
"Who the hell sent you this message?"
"The only thing that's clear to me is that the sender of this message
was on this floor until a moment ago."
"That's for sure."
Hey, Conan, what's wrong with you?
Ah... He-he!
Nothing, I just thought...
whoever sent this message is a great detective.
A message? Yes, this one.
(Kogoro) Well, I'll leave the rest in your hands.
(Kogoro) Yes, it's true.
Don't tell me the father just read this message out loud.
But it doesn't say so here,
that the sender of the T-shirts is the daughter of the climber
who was murdered in the mountains 13 years ago.
You knew that because Detective Mouri told you, didn't you?
After all, you didn't call me by the name on my badge,
but by my maiden name.
Yes, when I went into the box room...
"And I asked him to leave me the computer for a moment.
"To check on an accident in the mountains
"Which occurred on December 28th,
he wasn't the least bit surprised."
That's why I realized that you were the customer
who was dying to have the case investigated
and that you had something to do with the accident.
In the photo, you see the accident victim with her daughter.
And since you are wearing a ring on your finger, it occurred to me that you must have been married.
that she had probably married and now had a different surname.
Eh?
Conan, that's incredible!
Well, that's good.
Evidently, toootem Mr. Kogoro told me,
now he's explaining it.
The Sleeping Kogoro is awesome!
But the person who sent the message is also a great detective.
Except for what we were talking about just now, he got everything else right.
Who is it?
Maybe it's still on this floor...
If I send him a message thanking him, maybe he'll show up.
"He won't!"
"From the content of the message,
it looks like someone who doesn't want to be involved in the case."
- (mobile) -Hm?
Eh? (cell phone) Oh!
Maybe it's that man.
Hm?
Excuse me, you just got a message now...
that says "Thank you", right?
Yes, I got one.
So, you've sent this deduction.
Hm?
No.
This message doesn't ring a bell.
What?
But the message was sent before from your cell phone.
Ah, maybe it was sent by the person...
who found my cell phone when I lost it.
It was a man with a black cap
and a nasty burn scar on his right cheek.
O-on is this man?

He went to the escalators, which were already working.
He must have gone down... Conan, where are you going?
Ah!
Why... in such a hurry?
Ah, hello, Jodie! It can't be...
Don't tell me you're looking for the same person as me.
Uh... no...
Just like the message in question said,
it looks like this place is really dangerous.
Eh? What message?
The message that Shuichi left me!
Did you meet the Akai?
No, he wrote it to me secretly on the other side of the coaster
when I came out of a café on the basement floor for a moment.
Oh.
Explain yourself.
Why is it a dangerous place?
It's been solved, the bomb threat case.
Because I saw a person
look like a sniper in a hotel window
that's right across the street from these warehouses
and, just below it, there is a black Porsche 365A parked.
In Gin!
(He thinks) "It can't be. He knows in Shuichi is alive... and he wants to shoot him."
Shuichi!
Shuichi, where are you?!
Oh!
"I've found him! It's Shuichi!"
Shuichi, don't do it!
Don't go out on the street!
Those riffraff want to kill you!
Shuichi!
Sorry, did you get hurt?
But the blame here is split 50/50.
You're responsible too, for not paying attention to your surroundings.
Yes...
Looks like you were looking for someone.
Shuichi!
Where are you?
Shuichi!
(Woman) Mi-te!
We've got him!
Ghost in sight!
Right in the middle of the main entrance.
(Mobile) "You've got him right next to your car."
"If you have to confirm anything, make it quick, Gin!"
"I'm waiting impatiently with my finger on the trigger
and with the spasms I may escape at any moment!"
(Think) "At Shuichi Akai..."
Hey, Vermouth.
That person has given you his authorization?
Yes.
The head is prudent by nature.
It seems to me that even goes a little too far.
What are you doing?!
Do I charge it?
Or don't I charge it?!
Do you clarify or what?
He looked at me.
That bastard looked at me!
"He looked at me and he looked me in the face! Am I in charge or not?!"
- "What the hell is going on?!" - Look, Gin, this is not normal.
Now the customers are running back into the department store!
(Woman) Where's he gone?!
Where the hell did he go?!
(Woman) The customers have suddenly accelerated and are running away from pointing.
Hey, look, isn't that dangerous?
Look at that.
He's carrying a rifle!
Couldn't they be shooting a movie?
- (Gin) "Withdrawn." - (Gin) Eh?
He reports at Korn, too.
"Wait a minute, tell me what the hell's going on! Gin! Gin!"
He does whatever he wants.
For a change, the guy gets on my nerves.
What are you talking about?
Who are you talking about?
Like you said before,
it would be better if detectives like Sherlock Holmes
only had a life in novels.
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Hey, give us the gift ticket at once!
-Weren't you supposed to give us 10,000 yen? -But-but what are you talking about, ma'am?
A boy with glasses has called crooked and right
that they would give a gift ticket to all the customers who have come in
as an apology for the bomb threat;
we want!
-We don't know anything about it.
En-Au, go!
This can't be!
- (woman) I've come back in for nothing! -Good thinking.
A gift ticket?
(woman) What?
I can't say it's a clever method,
but if you wanted to put the customers under cover,
you had no choice.
Su-Subaru?!
I had to do some business at the Teito Bank nearby.
And when I finished and came out of the bank...
I saw you, and just as I was following him to greet you,
you were involved in this case.
Who is this man?
Eh?

Ah, there was a fire in the apartment where he used to live...
and now he's settled at Shinichi's place.
It's at Subaru Okiya, a college student who has already graduated.
Gee...
But why did you say that Conan wanted to put the customers under cover?
I don't understand, Subaru.
Ah...
No need to even ask.
It's just the story of some stupid wolves
who let their prey go even though it's right under their nose.
Hey, but Teito Bank is quite far away...
from the neighborhood where you live now, right?
Why do you have the savings, though?
I'm sorry.
You're mistaken.
I went to the bank for something else.
For something else? Yes.
Do you remember that there was a robbery in that bank not long ago?
I came here because I saw an acquaintance in the images of that case
that was on the news again
and I thought maybe he's a regular customer of that bank.
In his case, of course he must live nearby.
I thought maybe I would run into him.
So, you haven't been able to find this person?
Well, I thought I'd seen him by chance on that floor...
but unfortunately I got the wrong person and couldn't talk to her.
It's a face I've known for a long, long time,
and I assure you that I could never make a mistake.
I find it unforgivable...
to do such things to a person in such delicate health.
Eh? Oh!
A zombie.
Whichever way you look at it, she acted in self-defense.
(Thinking) "Exactly. Just as I thought."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Night the Zombie Died'."

