(Children: laughter)
(uproar)
-Oh! I hit the bull's-eye!
-What an aim! -Now you'll see!
Run!
Run!
Run!
I don't know what you think, but I find it very strange...
for a client to invite me to her birthday party..,
when I haven't even solved her case yet.
Don't get all uptight, now.
You got all excited and everything,
when you received the invitation from the Asako of Las Fresas.
It's normal, that made me laugh.
They are one of the most famous comic couples there are.
The Strawberries love you with all our hearts!
(Audience: ovation)
(Humming)
Soc at Mouri.
Thank you so much for inviting us.
- (Sliders) MM?
(Sliders)
Asako!
What happened to you?!
Suddenly a man came in from the balcony and...
(slides) Oh!
Asako!
Conan!
A zombie.
"Flowers dance to the rhythm of the piano."
"When we meet face to face, the mystery begins."
"A couple of famous comedians,
a complicated case with a strawberry flavor."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Ainuku no ame dakedo
yotei tooridekakemashou.
Sekkaku no vestir mo Anata ni wa mietenaishi.

Kako no sakura Tooro nara Kusa ya ida Shiroi michi.
Ashioto hibiku Bijutsukan de kowashinda Serusier.
Nido to awanai Kanke Naraba.
Kizutsukeawazu ni.
Amai omoide no Hibi tono
omou koto mo dekiru KEDO.
Toki no Nagare ni wa sakaraezu
iroaseteyuku Omois mo ario.
Soredemo samezame to nagateku
Namida wa Chotto ii mundo Jana.
Aa... hyururu hay wa ochite.
Mada ay ga aru Mita Jana.
"The night the zombie died."
"Last week, Mrs. Asako Fujimori,
"member of The Strawberries, the famous comedy couple,
presented herself to the Mouri Detective Agency with an assignment."
(Kogoro) In NuMat Keisuke?
Yes, he's a man I was dating about 15 years ago,
when I came to Tokyo.
But he was a very unpleasant person,
and after a while I left him.
(Kogoro) "And you say it's been going on since The Strawberries..."
won the Comics of the Year Award and became famous?
Yes, he called me a lot of times asking me for money.
I refused, and he's been making my life impossible.
-The impossible life? -He's been rummaging through my mailbox a lot of times.
And when I walk down the street at night, I have the feeling that I'm being followed.
The other day there were marks on the lock at home.
They had tried to pick it.
I love it, this pendant.
I find it beautiful.
Eh?
It's where I keep my meds.
Medication? Yes.
Since I was very little I've always had a very delicate heart.
I always carry it everywhere, this little box with the medicines.
I find it unforgivable
to do such things to a person with such delicate health.
Very well.
So, you came to ask him to look for this NuMat?
Yes.
I've been looking all over for it, but I haven't located it yet.
"I also had him change the lock on the door at home
for a more secure one."
NuMat was supposed to find out somehow,
and he must have tried to force his way in.
He has a blue one on his left arm.
Ah.
It was him, who caught me.
Asako!
What a scare you gave me!
Are you all right?!
Mr. Hisamatsu!
He told me he's the Strawberry representative.
But-but what happened?!
A man came in the house, with a gun,
y... I got very nervous and... y...
Take off his mask.
Entesos.
It can't be!
It can't be!
Jiro!
Jiro!
It can't be!
How could I...?!
(Cries) Jiro!
The gun is a toy.
Can you explain to us why you came to the house, Mr. Jiro,
and how exactly you got in?
Yes, of course.
It's my birthday today.
I had invited her to dinner at 7 o'clock, with Mr. Mouri,
who has been protecting me for several days.
He had made hamburgers.
-And this here? -It's fruit salad.
He was making it for desserts.
When he was cutting the strawberries...
(brittle)
"...I felt a shattering of crystals."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I'm going to kill you!
-Hold still! -Aaaah!
You're in NuMat, aren't you?!
-Shut up! -Aaaaaaaah!
(knock)
(Doorbell rings)

And then... that's when Mr. Mouri arrived.
Put this on them.
You'll be fine. Yes.
Thank you.
Inspector, according to the cell phone records,
the victim, before entering, made a call at 18.45.
Yes.
Go check right now to see who the caller is.
Yes, sir.
But didn't you invite her to come in today, in Jiro?
Yes, but she had told me that she had already met someone.
How could she have decided to do something like that?
Can you think of any reason, you? No.
Can you?
Any ideas?
The truth is...
is that Jiro had long since...
that I had intended to stop working with the Asako.
Eh ?!
Ah... Ah, yes?
In Jiro he got his start in the world of comedy
shortly after finishing high school.
He had good looks but little experience,
and it didn't quite work out.
The Asako insisted that he was very talented,
and almost forced him to form a duet with her.
After 10 years of hard work, they became popular.
But overwork caused her heart condition to suffer,
and she began to refuse performances and television appearances,
and making mistakes on stage.
In Jiro was not willing to put up with it much longer, lo.
Yes, now that you say it, I noticed it too, when I was watching the Asako.
(Kogoro) It's been both great!
No!
You reacted late three times today!
-What happened to you?! - I-I'm really sorry.
My heart played tricks on me.
This is no excuse!
We must be professional!
Come on, the Asako is having a hard time, and she's very tired.
I won't put up with this much longer.
What you have to do is to retire.
Did you feel that I was telling her to back off?
That's right.
Now that she says it,
in this magazine I saw an article on the subject.
-Ah, here. -It's, uh...?
"Partying with an anchorwoman"? (Kogoro) "With a celebrity"?
Yes, he dated a lot of women and didn't hide.
Asako and Jiro weren't just a couple on stage.
Actually, they were also dating,
but when they started to become famous, he...
It was hard for me, too, to accept that behavior,
so I warned him of the consequences, and then...
-You want to break up the duo?! -You want to break up the duo?! - That's right.
The way the Asako is, we can't go on like this.
It's clearly an obstacle to my career.
How can you say these things, after all he has done for you?
This is another story.
It has nothing to do with it.
And when I have separated you, what do you intend to do, huh?
You mean I couldn't act alone, with the plant I have?
Besides, I'm sure we'd both be better off separately.
Actually, I...
It's settled!
I don't want to work with the Asako anymore!
It's finished and it's time for you to retire.
So please tell him about it, too.
Is that OK?
The one who had helped him to the top was the Asako.
One question: how come he had so many rubber masks, in Jiro?
He was planning to do a solo show using the masks,
he told me.
-What was he planning to do? -A comedy show.
He was going to do a kind of game with the masks.
In fact, he gave me a little demonstration,
but to tell you the truth, it wasn't funny at all.
Inspector!
We've identified the person the victim called.
It's a locksmith.
A locksmith just calls
when you've lost your house keys and want him to open the door for you, right?
Yes, sir.
According to the locksmith's statement,
they hung up after he picked up the phone,
so he thought it was someone who had made a mistake.
Earlier I also went upstairs to talk to the neighbor on the second floor,
who said this:
"While I was looking at the weather forecast,
it must have been 10 minutes to 7:00,
I saw Jiro going up the outside staircase
towards the Asako floor".
Are you sure it was him? Yes.
The witness also told me
that he had seen many times Jiro and the Asako rehearsing in the park.
That's why he knows it was him.
So, when he went upstairs, he wasn't wearing the zombie mask?
No.

Well, this means that it has been put on him when he got to the balcony.
(Think) "Shards of glass."
What are you doing?
What are you looking at?
You!
What do you think you're doing?!
Au, go over to the corner!
It's just that I saw that there was something on the edge of Jiro's pants!
What?! They look like Arctium lappa.
Ah, these things are sticking everywhere.
AAAA!
Mrs. Asako, have you left the house today?
What?
No, I've been in there all day, locked up.
(Thinking) "So..."
He-he-he-he-he!
Inspector Megure, yours truly, the famous detective Kogoro Mouri,
has just solved this case!
"He was becoming more and more popular and the public admired her more and more every day,
but the Asako was overshadowing him."
Evidently, if he had decided to split up,
it would have looked very bad,
and that's why he came up with this idea.
What idea?
He knew that in NuMat he was making life miserable for the Asako,
and he decided to take advantage of the situation.
Today he came here pretending it was NuMat,
to give him a hell of a scare at the Asako,
aware that this would affect his heart
and that she would finally be forced to withdraw.
-But what are you saying?! - In Jiro would not do something like that!
Maybe not, but it's the only theory that makes all the pieces fit together:
"The fact that in Jiro he wore a zombie mask,
"That he was carrying a toy gun,
and that he broke the window glass to get in."
And all of this was done
in order to break the bond he had with you.
It can't be.
But the Asako resisted
and stabbed her with the knife in his hand.
No bien bé.Mm?
It would be more correct to say that he stabbed you during the fight.
In fact, the Asako had no idea that what was attacking her was Jiro.
That's why she resisted.
Whichever way you look at it, she has acted in self-defense.
I agree.
(Think) "Mr. Kogoro's theory is quite logical, yes,
but..."
"I thought so."
"He called the locksmith at 6:45 p.m.
and she was seen coming up the outside stairs at 6:50 p.m."
"According to this, I reckon she must have called from about here."
"Got it!"
"The same Arctium lappa that was on Jiro's pants."
"This whole area is full of footprints."
"Like someone was looking for something."
"Sure! I know what they were looking for!"
Mrs. Asako, I'm very sorry for everything that's happened,
but you'll have to come with us to the police station
so we can finish taking your statement.
It's all right.
What are you doing, Conan?
Where have you been? Nowhere.
(Thinking) "Exactly. Just as I thought."
What?
When you see teak you don't know where you are, do you?
Mmm!
How fresh!
They're finger-licking good!
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
Whenever you want we can go.
Molt well.
(Kogoro voice) Inspector.
I have to explain something else.
Would it do you any good to wait a moment?
Why should it?
Have you neglected any details?
(Kogoro voice) What I said before would be the theory as seen from the outside.
But, in reality, it's the theory seen from the inside that counts.
The theory as seen from the inside?
Yes.
The theory that the Asako
pretended to have died in Jiro in self-defense.
And this is the bona.
What are you saying?!
May I know what you mean by that?!
Tell the truth, Mrs. Asako.
This NuMat Keisuke order does not exist, right?
Yes!
Of course he exists!
Haven't you seen the picture I showed you?!
Yes, we have seen it,
but you could have shown us any old photo
and he would have already done it.
He created the NuMat character
and came to my agency to tell me that I was harassing her.
She did all this
because today we believed that she had mistaken Jiro,
with the zombie mask, for NuMat,
and that it looked like she had stuck the knife in him during the fight;
so we would think it was self-defense.
Stop it!
Stop it!
If Jiro hadn't forced his way into the house with the mask, all this wouldn't have happened,
all this wouldn't have happened, it's impossible!
It's you, the one who planned it to be like this.
Mrs. Asako, tell the truth:

didn't you see Jiro around the park today around 6 p.m.?
And now!
At that time he was making dinner.
He said he was making fruit salad.
Ran, can you try it, please?
You're a very good cook.
Taste-and tell me what you think.
What do you think?
It's a little too sweet and maybe it's a little cold.
This means that he had it in the fridge
and he must have added sugar in the fruit.
But so... Yes.
If she had been making the fruit salad just before the incident,
as she says, it wouldn't be as sweet and cold now.
"This means that she has started preparing it earlier.
"And kept it in the fridge,
and then went down to the park to meet Jiro."
Ah, yes!
How can you be so sure?
For the Arctium lappa.
There are them on the edge of en Jiro's pants.
The truth is that there are not usually many of these plants in this area,
in this area.
"But I have seen a few in the park in front of his house."
And I've also seen some of his slippers,
the ones he left at the entrance.
"In the park, he tricked Jiro...
and told him that he had lost his house key."
"The Arctium lappa have stuck to them
while they were looking for the key in the weeds."
"That's when Jiro decided to call the locksmith..,
to come and open the door for them."
This does not make sense.
In Jiro also had a key from here.
We must not forget that they were still a couple.
No.
"Because of the problem with in NuMat, I made him change the lock."
This was also part of the Asako's plan.
Surely he had not yet given any copies of the key to en Jiro.
And then he had continued with his plan....
-Aaaah...-What-what's wrong with you?
-Where do you have... the medicine? -I think I... I left it at home.
The locksmith won't make it in time, and you need it right now.
Jiro, I... I... I think...
I think I left the balcony window open.
You can go up the outside stairs.
I'll be right back!
"(Kogoro voice) While in Jiro climbed up to his house by the outside stairs,
"You have gone up faster by the elevator
and entered with the key you had hidden."
(Jiro) Asako!
What are you doing...?
And then, after having died on Jiro,
he went to the kitchen and took out from the refrigerator
the hamburgers and the fruit salad he had half eaten.
Even if all this is true, we don't have any proof either.
The blue one on his left arm is one.
"If you grab the left arm of a person in front of you.
"With your left hand,
the thumb mark is always on the outside of the arm."
Yes!
She has it on the other side!
The blue one she has made herself by holding on tightly with her right hand.
And we also have another piece of evidence: the zombie mask.
If you look closely, you'll notice that there are little pieces of glass inside.
Oh yeah?
Yes, it's true!
If only Jiro had broken the window glass
in order to enter the house with the mask on,
now the pieces of glass would not be inside the mask.
"And that means... that the Asako, after killing in Jiro,
"has broken the glass of the window,
and immediately put the zombie mask on him."
The only one who could have done it is you.
And we have proof.
How... how can it be...?
-I was unable to forgive Jiro. -Huh?
Everything you explained to us a while ago,
what you said to him in Jiro, I felt it too.
"And when you left, I felt in Jiro that you said..."
We've been a couple for a long time and it's been very good.
But that's over.
Ha-ha-ha!
It's time to start a new career!
We had worked so hard, to get this far!
And now that the efforts had begun to bear fruit,
Jiro decided to harvest them and savor them alone,
and he was about to leave me.
I couldn't forgive him.
(Asako: cries)
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.

Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Mrs. Asako, this package just arrived.
It's for you.
Here.
"Are you having a good time, to the birthday party? For many years.
(Jiro) This gift is for you.
It's a ring.
Because we ended our relationship as a couple of comedians
and be a couple in real life.
That's why I'm asking you to marry me.
(Jiro) It's hard for me to ask you to give up your acting career,
but I would like you to look after your health
and start a new life by my side.
The Strawberries will always remain alive, and we will always carry them in our hearts."
No way!
Jiro!
Forgive me!
Jiro!
Jiro!
No!
No!
Forgive me!
Forgive me, Jiro!
"Sometimes people's hearts go their separate ways,
and this causes irreparable mistakes."
"This case had a most sad outcome."
Has he already told you that he's in love with you, the inspector?
What a ?!
Wh-wh-why do you say that?!
If it makes him want to leave her alone, it means he's in love with you.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You've seen her, haven't you?
He just ran away.
The person who killed this man.
Don't miss the next episode:
"Mrs. Kobayashi's adventure".

