(Shinichi voice) "An accidental encounter with a little girl
inspired Inspector Shiratori to become a police inspector."
"He was convinced that the girl was Inspector Sato," he says,
"but in the end it turned out that she was our guardian,
Miss Kobayashi."
"Now, the teacher has witnessed a murder."
"The victim is the Akira Sumida, owner of a lending house."
"He had made many enemies
because he was not very legal in business."
"Inspector Shiratori has taken a statement from her...
"Miss Kobayashi,
who gave him 3 clues."
"The first is the killer's voice,
which she felt arguing with the victim."
"The second is the moving truck
that was parked near the crime scene."
"The third is the killer's silhouette,
which Ms. Kobayashi saw as he was running away."
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara,
yeah, stay with me.
(Shinichi voice) "Regretting the passing of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Inspector Shiratori and Miss Kobayashi."
"What will be the fate of their love?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wanshiin.
Massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Marude yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta.
Baby, I need you.
Natsu ni naru to Naze ka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo Nanon kokoro ga
Baby, Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone waratchaeba ii.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara, yeah.
Summer time gone.
"Inspector Shiratori's heartbreak in love."
I've already told you!
Last night I was alone at home watching TV!
There was a soccer game on and I couldn't miss it.
But if I hadn't been at home,
I would have liked to kill her with my bare hands.
I see she didn't get along with you very well.
No.
I needed money and I'm going to reluctantly pawn my mother's ring.
When I went to ask you
to give me more time because I still didn't have the money,
I realized I was wearing my mother's ring on my finger.
"Ah, I sold it right away, that cheap costume jewelry ring.
This one looks like it, but it's another one.
And it's 20 times more expensive than what you are going to pawn it for,
she had the bar to tell me!
What?
It wasn't to kill her, was it?
Well, I...
About it, Inspector.
You're not insinuating that I killed her, that woman, are you?
No, I'm not.
But you said that yesterday, on the day of the crime,
you took the day off work
and went home alone to sleep.
And what did you want me to do?
I was cold and I didn't feel well at all.
And what was her relationship with the victim?
We understand you resented her.
Resentful, me?
What's that about?
The antique dish I bought from her for 500,000 yen
had a strange smell,
so I brought it to an expert appraiser to take a look.
Turns out it was a replica that was less than 300 yen!
Besides,
the witch had used it to put her cat's food in,
and there was no way to get that disgusting smell out!
But I don't hold a grudge, and now!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yes, oh, and so much, I asked him for money.
A loan of 5 million yen.
Just now I've managed to raise the money to pay off the debt,
but if she's dead, I won't need to return it to her.
If you want proof, I'll tell you that, at the time she was peeled off,
I was at home drinking a horn with an expensive bottle of champagne.
The day before she died, the victim went home.
Several witnesses claim that they felt her
that they felt her screaming for the money.
It was just a pretext!
She needed a good excuse to come and see me.
In high school, I was a crack baseball player.
But I injured my left shoulder before I was signed
and I couldn't pursue it professionally,
so nobody remembers me.
"I mean, that woman was in love with me."
"Don't you understand me?"
We already have the voices of the 3 suspects on tape.
Yes.
It's enough for Miss Kobayashi to identify the culprit.
But if the murderer is a woman, just as they say,

I don't think the man had anything to do with it.
What kind of person is she, Miss Kobayashi?
I talked to Yumi and she told me that Shiratori is very, very fond of her.
She's an elementary school teacher, she tutors Conan and company.
They met the other day while he was investigating a case.
I was convinced
that Shiratori was after a colleague of ours from here,
from the police station..., but I see I was wrong.
Ha-ha-ha!
- (thinks) "He was after you, woman!" - Never mind.
Won't you introduce me to her, this teacher?
It would be better if you didn't know each other.
Why would it be better if we didn't know each other?
-Not at all, woman, it's just that I don't lime.
(Thinking) "Wow, that's true! He looks a lot like me!
"It seems to me that they called him... Miwako Sato."
"I'm so jealous! I would have liked to be a police inspector!"
(Home 1) house!
In Takagi she's already fooling around again.
- (Man 2) With our Miwako! -We can't tolerate it!
Who does he think he is?
(Home 3) Ever since he retired from Shiratori, he's been going straight.
- (thinks) "What?" - Yes...
After all, in Shiratori he was the one who was most responsible...
for the defense of the Miwako Sato.
But in the end it worked out well for him, the move.
Yes.
I didn't think she'd look so much like Sato.
(Man 2) And there is no other, who looks so much like her?
- (home 1) None like the teacher. (man 2) What a pity.
Miss Kobayashi!
We've finished.
(man 2) Oh!
Ah! (man 2)
-What's wrong, Miss? -Miss?
(Woman) " 'This one looks like it, but it's another one.
And it's 20 times more expensive than what you're going to pawn it.' "
she had the bar to tell me."
"What?! It wasn't to kill her, was it?" "Well, I..."
This is the voice of the first suspect, the Kikuna Kagitani.
I'll put the next one.
I'll put the next one on.
(Female) "Also,
"The witch had used it to put in her cat's food,
and there was no way to get that disgusting smell out!"
"But I don't hold a grudge, and now! Ha-ha-ha!"
She is the second suspect, the Ryoko Takimoto.
Ah.
And now I'll let you hear the voice of Ryusuke Kodama,
the third suspect.
I doubt he had anything to do with it, he's a man;
but just in case.
If-if he's not involved, don't put him on.
Eh? (all) Huh?
- (all) Huh? -Of course, as you wish.
As for the two women's voices you've been hearing,
do either of them sound familiar to you?
Do you think one of them could be...
the one you heard screaming at the crime scene?
We have selected two excerpts from the interrogation
in which the suspects were upset.
-Miss... -Miss? -That you're not feeling well?
You heard the killer's voice, didn't you?
These two voices don't sound the least bit familiar.
The one I heard yesterday...
was also a woman's voice, yes, but much more serious and threatening.
Yes, it was.
Don't worry about it.
You should continue looking for suspects.
Or talk to the driver of the moving truck
that I saw parked at the end of the alley
while the victim was fighting with the killer.
That's exactly what we've been looking for.
-So what? -We couldn't find it.
No truck with a zero and a nine painted on the side.
-Like... -No? MM?
Couldn't it be that he got confused when he read the numbers?
If they were half obscured by the two walls,
the 5 and the 9 could be confused.
Just because they look alike doesn't mean they can be confused.
Just like me! (Conan, thinks) "Just like me?"
Well, it could be that the truck hadn't stopped...
in front of the crime scene for work,
maybe he was just passing by.
Yes, we have also considered this possibility...
and we've investigated it thoroughly, but nothing.
In addition to that,
we've talked to all the neighbors in the surrounding blocks of apartments
and no one has notified a removal truck
or a transport company.
And what are they insinuating?
Are they insinuating that I am making it up even though I am taking advantage of the situation
by laughing at the police?
-Is that it? - And now!
Why do you say so, this?
It doesn't matter.
For my part, I have nothing more to say.
I have explained everything I saw and feel.
I'm leaving!
W-wait, I'll accompany you.

Better not meet any of the suspects outside.
That's not necessary, thank you.
I'm old enough to take care of myself.
Leave me alone, please.
Forget about me.
Good-bye. Good-bye.
-Shiratori! -Miss! -Miss!
Hey, Shiratori...
Someone should escort the lady home.
After all, the murderer saw her face.
Yes, yes...
-Chiba, please.
Will you escort him? -Me? -Yes.
Yes.
But you're sure?
Yes.
I don't think he likes me anymore, he must be tired of me.
Miss Kobayashi, wait!
- Hey, you! -Hey?
-Why did you get angry, Miss? -What did you say to her?
-I don't know... I can only think of one explanation.
Maybe Miss Kobayashi met Inspector Sato?
What is it?
Miss Kobayashi and Sato?
Besides, she must have felt by chance...
that you were in love with Inspector Sato,
and she must have figured
that you're only after her because she looks so much like her physically.
She thinks she's the replacement for Inspector... Sato.
Oh, no!
She's no substitute!
Miss Kobayashi is the woman of my destiny!
Well, until recently you were convinced
that this woman was Inspector Sato, weren't you?
It's true, I can't deny that.
Wouldn't it be better if you explained it to her at once?
Tell her that, when you were both little,
you protected her from the men she had booed
when they were going to rob a bookstore.
I know I should explain to her that we are predestined,
but I just never find the time to tell her.
-Hello, inspector in love! -Hey?
How did it go, the voices?
Have you let him hear them yet?
Yes, yes, I have.
But, of the voices he heard, he didn't recognize any of them.
No?
And where is this Miss Kobayashi who has stolen your heart?
I'm sorry, it's just that Sato wanted to meet her at any cost.
-Oh... - Shi-Shiratori?
Well...
-Huh? - (all) Mm!
It seems to me that we haven't chosen the most... appropriate time.
(all) What?
-Bye, miss!
(all) See you tomorrow! -See you tomorrow!
Goodbye, see you tomorrow!
-Goodbye, Miss! -Goodbye!
Go carefully, do not mail! - (child) That yes!
She's not at all cheerful.
Apparently, Inspector Shiratori...
must still not have told her that she's the woman of his life.
I've had enough!
I'll tell him myself, and that's it!
-You can't tell him yourself! -You must tell him personally.
-Otherwise it won't be romantic enough. Then he'll never know!
Wouldn't it be better if he knew from someone, boys?
Well, better that he doesn't know.
Many liars hide their identity from the person they love.
(Shinichi voice) You shut up.
(Shinichi voice) Anyway,
how come you couldn't recognize the culprit's voice?
Ya...
There were only 3 people without alibis
who resented the victim enough to kill her.
Like 3?
Strange, I only thought I heard two voices.
You're missing the point!
The third suspect was a man,
and he was ruled out because Miss Kobayashi said
that the voice she heard was a woman's voice.
(Conan voice) By the way..., this man, in Ryusuke Kodama,
in high school he was a promising young baseball player.
"But he injured his shoulder and couldn't turn pro."
"You can see he's working at a nightclub now."
But he didn't give up on his dream,
and during his free time
he continued to train with a baseball club team.
Until recently, he injured his shoulder again....
and had to leave the team for good.
-Oysters! -You know a lot of things!
Yes, I asked Inspector Takagi to explain it to me.
What do you know about the other two? Let's see...
The first one, Kikuna Kagitani, is unemployed.
"He's the former leader of a biker gang."
"He caused an accident with injuries and had his license revoked."
The former leader of a biker gang? Yes.
They say that with a single word
can gather more than 100 people around her.
And you mean she's not... the guilty one?
Maybe she is.
There were court costs and damages to be paid,
so he needed money.
And the missing woman? Yes...
Ryoko Takimoto is the owner of a restaurant.

and daughter of a well-to-do family.
"The victim tricked her
and sold her a worthless object for a fortune."
"To get the money back, she spent a fortune on lawyers."
"She was preparing a lawsuit against the victim."
He had to sacrifice hours of sleep talking to his lawyers
and caught a cold.
When the police summoned her to testify, she was wearing a mask.
A mask?
Of course she did!
She wore a mask to disguise her voice!
I thought so too at first,
but the masks are thin and let the voice through.
In fact, his voice didn't sound distorted at all.
But the lady says the culprit had a woman's voice.
If the murderer must be one of the two women
that the police arrested,
it makes much more sense to think that she's the one wearing the mask, doesn't it?
This is precisely what makes my head dance.
When Ms. Kobayashi heard the woman's voice, how did she know it was the killer's?
how did she know it was the killer's?
It's very easy to explain.
Because it was the woman who called out:
"Listen to me and woman-me at once! I'm going to kill you!"
Besides,
the lady says she saw the shape of his breasts as he ran away.
But the victim, the Akira Sumida, was also a woman.
Perhaps it was the victim rather than the killer
who uttered the words "I'm going to kill you."
Of course!
The other person felt threatened and decided to kill her.
In addition, there is the truck with the zero and 9 painted on the side....
that the lady saw at the crime scene.
How come they can't find it? Ahm...
The truck that the doctor rented the other day to make the move...
there was no number on it.
Mm?
What did you see, the truck? No.
I asked the doctor
if the truck had any number on the side.
He told me it belonged to the company Niko-Niko Movers of Osaka.
There was no number on the truck, just the name of the company.
(Shinichi, think) "Mm? The name... of the company?"
The doctor explained to me
that the truck driver did not know Tokyo
and the navigator was broken, so they got lost,
and they couldn't start the move until 8 o'clock at night.
Hey, Genta.
You've been worrying me for a while, what's wrong?
Did something catch your eye?
What's that?
No.
It's just that I have an itchy tooth that hurts.
A tooth?
It's true, you said that before the vacations.
I just don't like going to the dentist.
Come on..., don't pretend you're thinking to hide the pain...
and go to the dentist at once!
(Shinichi, pnesa) "Wait a minute! It just came to me that..."
"Eh? Inspector Shiratori!"
Why did you come, Inspector?
I have nothing more to say to you, to the police.
I said so the other day.
Yes, but we've investigated and we've come to the conclusion...
that the only ones who could have committed the crime
are the 3 suspects we arrested.
If you could listen to the voices again to try to recognize...
I don't think there is!
I already told you that none of those voices
was the one I heard at the crime scene.
You're accusing me of lying, perhaps?
-It's a lie. -What?!
I didn't come to ask you to listen to the voices of the suspects again,
it was just an excuse.
The truth... is that I came to see you.
What?
To explain our little misunderstanding.
No... there's been no misunderstanding between us.
-Oh! -That looks good!
Go ahead, Inspector Shiratori!
If you want me to tell you the truth, you and I...
we've met before, we didn't just meet the other day.
-We met many years ago. -Oh!
When I was a little girl, she booed some men who were stealing from a bookstore.
-Some men?
A bookstore? -Yes.
I was so impressed by that little girl's attitude
that I became a police inspector.
Her bravery was my inspiration.
(Thinking) "My... bravery..."
And then?
You don't remember?
No.
I don't know what you're talking about, I'm sorry.
-How? -Besides, that girl wasn't me.
I'm sure you've mistaken me for Inspector Sato.
-No, not exactly... -Excuse me, I have to go.
-No! -Oh!
-Miss! -Oh!
Oh...
Miss Kobayashi, I have to go. I'm late.
Lock the door behind you when you leave, got it?
Ah, yes.

-See you later. -See you tomorrow.
Ah...
Mmm...!
- (phone) MM?
(Phone)
Yes?
Teitan Elementary School.
(Male) "Sorry for calling so late, I'm from the police."
- "There is, Miss Kobayashi?" - Yes, it's myself.
But I have nothing more to say to you, to the police.
"Look, it turns out we found the truck you saw,
the one with a zero and a 9 painted on the side."
What?
"We've taken a picture of it and we'd like you to identify it."
Ah, well.
Then come another day and bring me the photo, that....
"No, it's just that it should be right now."
"The concierge let me in and I'm already in the building."
Ah, you're already in here?
Come to the staff room.
"How about meeting me in the music room?"
"I happen to be an alumnus of the school and I played in the wind band."
"That's why I came all the way down here."
"How many memories it brings back, this classroom!"
Oh, I get it.
-Well, in the music room. "Okay, I'll wait for you here."
(Thinking) "An alumnus of the school? What class is he from?"
"Maybe we were even classmates."
"Wait a minute! The music room was refurbished last year."
"We changed the walls and the desks."
"I doubt very much if he remembers."
"And this voice... what does it sound like?"
(Steps: approaching)
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
The ace up your sleeve didn't work out for you, did it?
If we can prove that Miss Kobayashi was telling the truth,
maybe she'll trust you again.
Who is there?
You saw someone? Yes...
A silhouette spying on us hiding behind the wall.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"Time does not erase the cherry tree's love."

