"The night of the fire castle,
Miss Kobayashi witnessed a murder."
(Woman) Listen to me and woman-me at once!
I'm going to kill you!
Are you all right, sir?
(Woman) Oh!
Aaaah!!!
"The victim is the Akira Sumida, owner of a lending house."
"He wasn't very legal in business,
and the many enemies he had, there are three who have no alibi."
"But Miss Kobayashi,
"Who felt the killer arguing with the victim.
"She has heard the recorded voices of the three suspects
and did not recognize any of them."
"Now the teacher has a very strange attitude."
"She seems to be trying to dodge Inspector Shiratori."
"It looks like there has been a misunderstanding between the two of them
because of Inspector Sato."
"The inspector has gone to see Miss Kobayashi
to try to fix it, but..."
We met many years ago.
When I was a little girl, she heckled some men who were stealing from a bookstore.
I was so impressed by that little girl's attitude
that I became a police inspector.
Her bravery was my inspiration.
-I don't know what you're talking about, I'm sorry, what do you mean?
Besides, that girl was not me.
I'm sure you've mistaken me for Inspector Sato.
-Excuse me, I have to go. Huh?
No!

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Today's denouement will be twofold: a case and a love story."
"And we'll hear from the Kid."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"Time does not erase the love of the cherry tree"
Oh!
The ace up your sleeve didn't work out, did it?
You should have explained it to her earlier, you took too long.
Besides, you didn't tell him the whole truth.
You didn't become a police inspector after seeing
how Miss Kobayashi booed the robbers.
It was because of the cherry blossom border
she made out of the cane wrapper
to decorate the glass she gave you.
That's right!
She told you that the cherry blossom was the emblem of the police.
It symbolizes strength, kindness and justice.
That's what inspired you to become a policeman.
I-it's that...
I thought it was more appropriate to tell you that I was inspired by your bravery.
Perhaps... you have sensed "courage" and "inspector"
and associated it with Inspector Sato, with whom you are so much alike.
Ah.
I'll fix it.
-Not now. -Huh?
If you apologize, you'll make it all better.
I don't think I'm willing to listen to you now.
So what do I do then? I can only think of one solution.
Hm?
We have to try to find and arrest the person she saw.
If we can prove that Miss Kobayashi told the truth,
maybe she'll trust you again.
Yeah, but...
But she didn't recognize any of the voices she was made to hear.
I see.
Be that as it may,
she's convinced she saw the killer's silhouette as he fled.
All she knows is that it was a woman who saw the shape of his breasts
and she had long hair, which she wore in a ponytail.
In addition, it is seen that the moving truck?
that had the zero and 9 painted on the side has disappeared from the map.
Who are the 3 suspects? Well...
The first one, Kikuna Kagitani, is a former leader of a biker gang.
The one who was cooled down is Ryoko Takimoto,
a restaurant owner.
And the last one is Ryusuke Kodama,
an ex-baseball promise who injured his shoulder
and has since been working in a nightclub.
It is impossible to identify the culprit
from Miss Kobayashi's statement.
Are you insinuating that Miss Kobayashi is lying?
Miss Kobayashi doesn't tell lies!
Yes, I know that.

Well, it will be up to us to find the optical effect
that fooled Miss Kobayashi.
"Optical effect"? Yes, that's right.
(Ayumi) Conan!
-What's wrong, Conan? -Did you see someone?
Yes.
A silhouette spying on us hiding behind the wall.
-What?! - Maybe it was the killer!
It could be.
The lady says the culprit saw his face.
Come on!
Even if she saw his face, she can't know who he is or where he works.
It's more likely to be one of these nanos
who go around filming little girls with a camera.
What?
We have nothing to do here, let's go home.
Ms. Kobayashi
Miss Kobayashi said she would be working late today,
so it's not worth waiting for her.
-Where are you going, Conan? -(Ayumi) Just a moment!
- (Ayumi) Conan! (Ayumi) -Oh!
(Ayumi) Oh!
Ooh...
Wait for me, guys!
(Phone)
Yes?
Teitan Elementary School.
(Man) "Sorry for calling so late, I'm from the police."
- "What is it, Miss Kobayashi?" - Yes, it's myself.
But I have nothing more to say to you, to the police.
"Look, it turns out we found the truck you saw,
the one with a zero and a 9 painted on the side."
What?
"We've taken a picture of it and we'd like you to identify it."
Ah.
Good.
Then come back another day and bring me the photo, that...
"No, it's just that it should be right now."
"The concierge let me in and I'm already in the building."
Ah, you're already in here?
Come to the staff room.
"How about meeting me in the music room?"
"I'm an alumnus of the school and I played in the wind band," he says.
"That's why I came all the way here. How many memories it brings back, this classroom!"
Ah, I get it.
-Well, in the music room. "Okay, I'll wait for you here."
(Thinking) "An alumnus of the school? What class is he from?"
"Maybe we were even classmates."
"Wait a minute."
"The music room was refurbished last year.
and changed the walls and the desks."
"I doubt very much if he remembers."
"And this voice... what does it sound like?"
(Footsteps: approaching)
Ah!
Count on the landing.
What a bump!
Who the hell are you?
Metropolitan Police Criminal Investigation Department.
This is Inspector Miwako Sato.
Hello, Ryusuke.
Is she a po-pol?
Wasn't she an elementary school teacher?
He-he!
The real teacher was picked up by Inspector Shiratori,
and the inspector pretended to be her.
What does this mean, that they were waiting for me?
Did they know I was coming?
Yes.
-Thanks to Miss Kobayashi. -What?
It can't be!
Isn't she the one who said the culprit was a woman,
that she saw a truck with a 0 and a 9 painted on its side
and more nonsense?
It wasn't nonsense!
It looked like a woman to her.
Yes.
"As she ran away,
"You were holding your injured shoulder with your other hand.
and the shape of your elbow looked like a woman's breast."
As Ms. Kobayashi
knew that the mugger roaming the neighborhood was a woman,
her brain made her believe that the killer was a woman, too.
Moreover, it turns out that the victim looked exactly like a man.
The young lady sensed an argument between a man and a woman.
From the tone of the fight it seemed to her that the victim must be the man,
so she deduced that the culprit was the woman.
Is everything correct so far?
Yes.
No one would have said that the angry caller was the victim.
And besides, you tried to throw the police off the scent...
by cutting your long hair.
In fact, what was painted on the side of that moving truck
was not the numbers zero and 9, but the letters "o" and "that."
And it was the truck of a moving company from Osaka
that had the name written on the side.
Since it was parked between two buildings, it looked like numbers.
It was the vehicle that Dr. Agasa had rented to help a friend of his
to lend a hand to a friend of his.
A little while ago I took a statement from the driver of the truck
and he confirmed that, at the time of the crime,
he saw him entering the alley with the victim.
By the way, you deduced that Ms. Kobayashi...

worked at an elementary school
because she heard me call her at the crime scene.
When a child calls "Miss,
he's more than likely addressing his teacher.
He asked around all the schools in the neighborhood
until you found her, and now you were trying to scare her, right?
Yes, you wanted to scare her before she started remembering more things?
and threaten her so she wouldn't continue to cooperate with the cops.
I didn't want to go to the cage for having killed that bad bitch,
she already deserved it.
But that bad bitch left him 5 million yen.
Yes, oh so much.
I needed it to make my dream come true.
Rehabilitation, a personal trainer...
That woman was a big fan of high school baseball,
I could tell she knew me and expected a lot from me.
But when she found out that I was injured again for good, she left me hanging.
she left me hanging and treated me like a total stranger.
Even though I could have played as a hitter,
he demanded my money day in and day out.
And he demanded my stamp to sign a life insurance policy.
Then, when she said to him:
"Listen to me and woman me at once"....
Yes, she wanted my stamp.
She intended to put me on her life insurance and kill me.
And I decided to peel her off before she peeled me off.
To make my dream come true!
It was self-defense!
(Shiratori) Article 36 of the Penal Code.
When you are a victim of any illegal conduct
and you are forced to take any action to defend yourself,
this action is not criminally punishable.
Even if the action taken in self-defense is considered to be a crime
is considered a crime,
the penalty may be commuted or eliminated.
This is the article that talks about self-defense.
At the time of the crime you were carrying a knife and had the intention to kill,
that is to say that no mitigating circumstance will apply.
Moreover, someone who wanted to silence a witness with a baseball bat,
the tool that was supposed to allow him to make his dream come true,
has no right to talk about dreams or wishes.
(Remember, go child) "Article number 235 of the Penal Code."
Whoever misappropriates an object that does not belong to him,
shall be charged with theft
and shall be sentenced to less than ten years imprisonment.
Oh!
Is that you, that boy?
The one from the bookstore!
Eh?
I see you've finally remembered.
Many years ago, before these children were born,
I was already... in love with you.
Oh...
Yes.
Let's go...
-Let's go... Hey, Conan.
Is this the teacher that Shiratori likes so much?
Ee... Y-yes. What does she look like, her face?
(Think) "From seeing her when you look in the mirror!"
"You've played double to her and didn't notice?"
Hmm... He-he!
Hey, Shiratori!
We're going out to eat, do you want to come with us?
No, count me out, today.
I brought lunch.
Oh!
Au, bon appetit!
I'm sure Miss Kobayashi made you lunch.
She made you lunch?
She did?
(Takagi) Sato!
-Hey, Sato! -(Takagi) Huh?
That you'll make me food, someday?
(Takagi) What?
That you want to invite me to eat?
Ah!
If you go down to the supermarket to buy lunch, bring me something for me.
Anything's fine with me, as long as it fills my belly.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Ooh...
He-he!
Cheer up, Takagi!
Have you seen the news?
They're talking about the Kid again!
Yes, oh so much!
He sent a new warning message.
Yes.
He wants to steal a very valuable jewel from Jirokichi Suzuki,
Horn of the Kirin.
It's a large piece of amber that is encrusted with
seeds that are tens of thousands of years old.
Yes he has been quick to send the notice.
It was not last week,
when they said they had discovered this jewel in an ancient temple?
Yes, but think that on TV and in the newspapers they talk about it every day.
It is very tempting for the KID.
One thing... giraffes don't have horns, do they?
Of course they do!
Two small ones.
"Kirin" also means "giraffe".
But this Kirin is said to have a whole body covered with yellow scales,
the shape of a deer, the voice of an ox and the hooves of a horse.
The cape, which resembles that of a dragon, has a horn.
It is a beast of Chinese mythology.

He must be from the blue dragon and white tiger family.
Has he called you yet, Jirokichi Suzuki? No, he hasn't said anything so far.
How are you, Edogawa?
Do you feel ready to face the Kid again?
What? Do you have any strategy prepared?
Well... no.
They only want Conan.
How fortunate!
I was looking forward to facing the Kid too.
We have nothing to do.
It's always Conan who stops the Kid's feet.
A statement from the Junior Detective League!
-What do you want to know? -Could you tell us what your plans are?
But why ask them?
Wow!
You still don't know?
Jirokichi Suzuki's advisor announced it today at a press conference.
He said he needs the entire Junior Detective League.
-Come on! Why?
(Man) M-Mr. President.
I don't know if it's a good idea,
letting the kids into the place where the Kaito Kid is scheduled to perform.
Read his warning note and you'll understand.
Yes.
"On the next full moon night, at 7:00 p.m.,
"I will come for the Kirin Horn.
Kaito Kid.
P.S. This time, let's stop being childish...
and let's face it like the adults we are.
The idiot gave himself away unintentionally.
"Let's face it like adults" means that we don't warn the children.
It is evident that the children are his weak point.
The... their weak point?
Yes!
No matter how much you want to,
he can't disguise himself as a child because he's too tall.
That's why children are such a nuisance to him.
He doesn't want children around him?
Well, he will, and not just one, but many!
Ah.
I see what you mean.
Besides, the next full moon night is the day after tomorrow,
the day the typhoon will hit the mountain temple.
In the middle of the rainstorm and wind
he won't be able to use his beloved hang glider.
Without his wings, Kaito Kid is as harmless as a baby.
With the help of the Junior Detective League, you capture the
you capture the Kaito Kid on camera
and crown my brilliant biography with a triumphant victory.
You look great, guys, in the Junior Detectives tracksuit.
Thank you!
He-he!
We haven't introduced ourselves yet, have we?
I'm reporter Juri Shinkai.
Nice to meet you.
This one on my side is Masui, the cameraman.
Hello, guys.
And the man in the front seat is in...
Hello.
Soc is at Hisumi, the sound technician.
Wow!
I understood the technician was a young guy.
Yes, but they couldn't reach him
so they called me to come urgently.
The poor guy must have been scared
when he heard that the typhoon was coming this way.
Wow!
It's already started to rain.
Hey!
I've been waiting for you, Junior Detectives.
What's that?
You like it, the uniform I sent him?
Wow!
We didn't know you gave it to us.
Yes.
I thought the League should have its special uniform.
Thank you so much!
We like them very much!
And so?
Where is it, the Kirin Horn?
As far as I can see,
there is only one big column in the center and 4 pedestals,
white, black, green and red, in the four corners.
They look like copper.
They are discolored and have dented tops.
It's just as if there had been a statue that had been ripped off.
Look, guys!
Here's a lock to open it.
Oh, that's right!
-Hey, watch out! -You! -You!
Don't touch that!
Inspector Nakamori!
I should have told the children
that the pedestals are slightly electrified.
Children don't learn things until they're done wrong.
What.
Where is it, the Horn? I'll show you right away.
You have to use these 4 keys:
the white, the black, the green and the red.
Inspector Nakamori!
I need your men's help.
Yes, of course you do.
But cut the power, okay?
-Cut the power for a moment. (man) "Yes, sir."
The key is the same color as the pedestal?
Y-yes.
- (pip) -Huh?
What was it, this noise?
It is the signal that tells us that there is no more current.
The whistles correspond to the red, green, white and black pedestals,
green, white and black pedestals.
The current is cut off independently.
(Pip)
-Sir, the signal. -Okay.
Come on! What was that noise?

One o'clock, two o'clock and three o'clock!
What's wrong with the column?
-What's wrong with the column? -It's opening!
-There's something inside! -What is it? -Ooooh!
-Ooooh! Ooooh!
Alza!
-But in his Kirin! -How cool!
(Ai) And the golden jewel on his head must be....
Yes, it's the piece of amber they call... "Horn of the Kirin."
(Ayumi) How beautiful!
(Thinks) "Come on, Kaito Kid, come anytime!"
(Ayumi) "This time he really doesn't have m'escaparàs!"
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
Shit!
If there was only one lock, he could keep watch by himself, but with 4...
We'll help you keep watch, inspector.
-The power's out! -Oh!
Conan!
Conan!
A message from the Kid!
The Kaito Kid and his accomplices
have not yet left this temple.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Horn of the Kirin that disappeared in the dark'."

