"The Horn of the Kirin."
"This amber jewel
"Appeared in the head of the statue of a mythological creature
that the company of en Jirokichi Suzuki found in a mountain temple."
"In Kid, attracted by the fuss,
intends to steal it and has sent a notice."
"As Mr. Suzuki knows that in Kid can not impersonate a child,
"He has enlisted the help of the Junior Detective League...
"And he has had a television crew come in
to record the thief's capture live."
"The Horn of the Kirin is hidden
inside the central column of the temple."
"To gain access, four keys must be inserted into the four pedestals
placed in the corners, and they must be turned simultaneously."
"Come on, Kaito Kid, come whenever you want."
"This time you really don't have m'escaparàs!"

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"The League of Detectives will find the missing jewel
and discover where it is hidden in the Kid."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The Horn of the Kirin that disappeared in the dark."
-Come on, tanku. -Yes!
You see: if we don't turn the four colored keys at the same time, we can't worship the statue of the Kirin that disappeared in the dark,
we cannot worship the statue of the Kirin.
This means that the KID would have to steal the four keys from me
and come with three accomplices to take my jewel.
Could it be that the inventor of this mechanism is...?
The master of 19th century gadgets. Kichiemon Samizu, right?
What's that?
That's right.
At the bottom of the column is an inscription.
"He who wishes to obtain the Horn of Kirin by secret paths
"must fall into the stream."
"Kichiemon Samizu."
Do you know what it means?
No, not yet.
But as long as I have these four keys, I can rest assured.
I can't be robbed.
Too calm, I see.
If the KID came with three accomplices, I'd have it easy:
I would only need to take out the light and take the keys
to be able to access the statue.
That's true.
And the fluorescent lights seem to have been installed recently.
In Kid could leave us in the dark in a moment.
I heard so much, and I'm sure it wouldn't cost him anything...
to cut the power to the pedestals.
At least even if I get the light out
there will be my men guarding the locks of the four pedestals.
Although perhaps the KID has already supplanted one of them with an accomplice.
And the guys on TV, we can't trust them either.
Shit!
If there was only one lock, I could watch alone, but with four...
We'll help you keep watch, inspector.
In the KID you can't impersonate any of us.
We Junior Detectives are totally trustworthy.
Of course we are!
Besides,
if we manage to protect the amber jewel the four of us alone,
we'll leave Conan with his nose in a twist.
- (Genta) That's right!
-You mean, guys?
If you touch the pedestals before they cut off the power,
you'll get itchy and you'll get sick.
Don't worry, as long as we don't make a mistake with the order....
The power is cut off in order after the beep:
green, red, white and black.
(Inspector) Exactly.
No mistake.
(Woman) Finally!
Only ten minutes to the announced time,
and we're all wondering if the Kid will appear in this temple
where Junior Detectives await him.
Guys, are you ready to catch the Kid?
(All) Yes! Yes...
Mi-te, they've been on TV and everything.
What luck.
How come you guys didn't go too?
Uncle Jirokichi told me on the phone not to go.
(In a deep voice) "I only need the children this time."
"It would be too easy for him to impersonate you."

Right?
(Journalist) Five minutes break!
When there are three minutes left, we'll go back to our place.
(Journalist) -All right.
-Yes, understood.
We'll take our places too.
-Yes. Let's go!
Hey, where are you guys going? To protect the pedestals.
Now all that's left is for you to make sure
that they don't steal the keys.
-It's all planned, Inspector. Eh?
If I leave them hanging on the wall,
you won't be able to get them no matter how hard you try.
This time I'll win.
- (inspector) The power's out!
- (Suzuki) Everybody calm down!
-We were counting on it.
- (rumbling)
(Think) "Rain and wind! Someone has opened the windows!"
(Suzuki) -Are you recording it? -Uh... yes, but it's too dark.
-And you?
-The microphone is on.
(beep)
(beep)
(beep)
(Beep)
(shuddering)
-It can not be!
-This noise is...
"The column!" (Electric buzzing)
(electrical buzzing) Ah!
Oh, Conan!
Oh, Conan!
Conan!
Can you feel me?
Hey, Conan!
-What? -Ah!
The...
The Horn...
The Horn of the Kirin has disappeared!
Conan!
Come on, Conan!
Open your eyes!
Conan!
What the hell is going on?
How come the power hasn't come back on yet?
Quiet!
Nobody move from where you are!
-I don't understand anything.
What's going on?
-He must have come in the Kid.
Yes...
- (Genta and Mitsuhiko) Ouch!
-At last!
(Genta and Mitsuhiko) Eh?!
Hey, hey!
The Kirin's Horn!
He's taken it!
It can't be!
But the four keys are still nailed to the wall!
-How on earth did he do it? -The how is an unknown, for the moment.
What we know for sure is that, during this minute,
he or his accomplices have slipped through the darkness
and have somehow gained access to the pedestals where the four locks are.
What?
But it's a message from the Kid!
-How the fuck...? - Inspector!
On this pedestal there is also a message.
-And on this one. -Here too, sir.
On all four pedestals!
Inspector.
At the fuse in the room there was a hidden device.
-That's how he got the light. Sir, come here a moment.
Look.
At all the shutters in the room there were small explosives installed.
that were activated by remote control.
You have played us well!
Not only did he cut off the power and left us in the dark,
but it blew out the windows
and let the wind and the rain in to throw us off the scent
and to run away without us seeing him, but it doesn't matter,
we have to take to the hospital the little boy that the Kid has stunned.
Take one of the cars.
And take the others and go out to look in Kid.
With the weather he couldn't have fled by hang glider,
so he can't have gone very far.
-But sir... -What?
According to the information that has just reached us...
What are you saying?!
There's been a landslide and the road is blocked?
Wow!
I hope there's nothing serious with the nano.
- (Haibara) It's not serious... (all) Eh?
It's a stun gun.
The Kid must have attacked Conan while he was running away.
(Haibara) Logical.
The miserable bastard has decided to knock out
the smartest of them all.
-I don't find it so logical.
It's guilt for having shouted from the rooftops
the discovery of a jewel that he discovered only a week ago.
We have not had time to prepare the appropriate security device.
-It's already a month ago! -What?
It's been a month since I got the news
that a magnificent piece of amber was hidden in this temple,
Horn of the Kirin.
I didn't announce the find until last week
because I had not yet purchased it.
I was thrilled to see that I had the ideal bait to capture it
and made it look like I was impulsively challenging him,
in a fit of enthusiasm,
without having taken the appropriate safety measures.
And these fluorescent lights, did you have them installed?
That's right.
We were aware that it would bring out the light.
And we also knew that there were explosives hidden in the shutters.
The fact that we electrified the four pedestals
and alerting the Junior Detectives League was a strategy
to lure him inside this ancient temple
and lure him into the trap.
Both the old and decayed window grillwork and the walls,
which appear to be empty inside, are made of steel.
In addition, I had an automatic locking device installed...

to both doors that is activated by a small sensor.
If someone tries to force a door to exit the alarm will go off.
The fact that we have not felt the alarm means
that the Kaito Kid and his accomplices
have not yet left this temple.
-What?! - In Kid...?
-It's still...?
-In here?
Inspector Nakamori, it's your turn now.
You'll have to find out which of us, except for the kids, is wearing a disguise.
I want to investigate something else first.
What is it?
I'd like to know how the KID
to access the Kirin statue and steal the amber horn.
The four keys that you have hung on the wall before the light went out,
white, black, red and green,
must be inserted into the locks on the pedestals,
white, black, red and green,
each one to the one that corresponds to it according to the color,
and they must turn simultaneously.
If not, it is impossible to access the statue of the Kirin
hidden inside the column.
Even if the Kid had managed to make a copy of the four keys,
I can't explain how he managed to put them in the locks
and make them all turn at the same time by fumbling.
You guys were carrying something that made light, weren't you?
The flashlights in the watches.
He must have used this light to orient himself
while we were guarding the pedestals.
We had no light, us!
We stood in front of the pedestals like this, to protect them.
The Haibara told us not to turn on the lanterns even if the power went out.
even if the light went out.
Good.
And no one approached us while we were watching?
No.
There's something glowing inside the lock.
What is it?
But it's... phosphorescent paint!
Inspector, in this lock there is also phosphorescent paint.
This, then, must mean...
I knew it!
All four have phosphorescent paint on the tip.
They must have smudged when we put them in the locks a while ago.
You mean you were guided by the glow of the paint?
Yes, he did.
He and his accomplices have handed out the luminous keys
in the middle of the darkness,
spun them simultaneously and stole the Kirin Horn.
Isn't that right, Mr. Kaito Kid?
Who is it?
Me...?
And who else could it be?
The Kid didn't have copies of the keys,
he must have used the originals by force.
He has left the iron badly nailed expressly
in order to be able to start without effort and to take the four keys
and, when he had already used them,
he left them hanging on the wall.
Oh, really?
Then try to pull out the iron!
You will see how well it is nailed.
So that you must have nailed it
when you put the keys back in place.
If you really think that I am in Kid, escorcolli'm from top to bottom!
If I had stolen the Horn of the Kirin, though I would carry it on me.
Yes!
I was thinking of doing it anyway, there was no need to....
Stop, we'll take care of the investigation ourselves,
the Junior Detectives.
If it turns out that one of you is the Kid, and the other, his accomplice,
you'll be messing us up by pretending you're investigating.
-It's true.
-We are not hiding anything.
You can be sure we're not the Kid's accomplices.
I know, but...
I'll search you too, if you don't mind.
No, of course not.
The programming of this channel has undergone a last minute change.
Thank you for your understanding.
Well, it's long overdue.
-Well, so far, nothing at all.
- (Mouri: drinking noisily)
Listen.
What is this strange noise?
Yes, it's unpleasant, isn't it?
What is it?
This noise?
-May I, please?
- (Suzuki) What are you saying?
That you've searched everyone in this room
and the Kirin's Horn hasn't turned up anywhere?
Yes, in Kid may have put it in someone else's pocket,
but we've rummaged through our clothes and Conan's and haven't found it.
It's very strange.
The latticework of the windows is too narrow for the Horn.
Even if the Kid had an accomplice outside,
he wouldn't have been able to get her out.
You still don't see it?
The Kid has escaped from us again!
Open the door at once and we'll go out and look for him!
-But..." (thinks) "He's right."
"The jewel has disappeared,
and the most logical thing is to think that the Kid has also fled."
"But there's something that doesn't fit."

"How come he knocked Kudo unconscious?"
"Well, I guess it was the most effective way...
Of getting a tricky opponent off his back."
"But leaving him stunned
he won't have the satisfaction of being able to run his hand over his face."
"There must be another reason."
"And another thing that makes my head dance
is the inscription that in Kichiemon Samizu carved on the column."
"He who wishes to obtain the Horn of the Kirin by secret paths
must let the stream flow'."
"Or, in other words:"
"He who wishes to obtain the Horn of the Kirin
"Without following the correct procedure
must let himself fall following the current."
"The correct procedure is to use the keys."
"What current are you referring to?"
"The wind? The air current? No."
"There's a draft that blew out the windows in the Kid."
"Wait a minute, why did he blow them out, the windows?"
"I don't think he did it to throw us off with the wind and the rain
while we were in the dark."
"If Inspector Nakamori was right and the Kid was Mr. Suzuki," he said,
"He would have barely had a minute to tear off the iron
"and take the keys out of the wall,
"hand them out to his three groping accomplices,
"To turn them simultaneously without emitting any signal.
"And make the stolen jewel disappear as if by magic."
"Besides, it could be that the Kid had acted alone."
"In an enclosed space like this,
"one of his accomplices would give himself away."
"I wouldn't take that risk."
"Gee, I don't get it! Deduction is not my strong suit."
"If you were awake, I'm sure you'd say:"
" 'How can it be that you don't see it, if it's crystal clear?"
"If you're piling up crumbs of information like a little bird..."
-A pardal.
What?
Could it be that "sparrow" was the keyword
to decipher the inscription on the column?
Why do you say that?
It's half erased and you can hardly see it,
but the symbol for "sparrow" is engraved on the red pedestal.
-It's true!
- "Pardal, red... Suzaku!"
It's true!
Here is the symbol of "sparrow".
Maybe before there was the statue of a sparrow, the red pedestal.
It is not red.
It's vermilion.
Above the "sparrow" symbol there must have been the "vermilion" symbol.
Together they form the name of one of the four legendary beasts,
namely Suzaku.
-Suzaku?
-A video game, it comes up often.
A red phoenix-like bird.
This.
And I imagine that the white pedestal to the right of the red one,
there in front, is that of Byakko, the white tiger.
The black pedestal to his right is that of Genbu.
And to the right of the latter or to the left of the first pedestal,
which is the same, we find the green pedestal,
where I am convinced that there was the statue of Seiryu.
Wait a minute, I don't understand!
"Seiryu" is written with the symbols of "dragon" and "blue", right?
Then how come the pedestal is green?
Originally, blue was the color of lush green mountains,
trees and vegetation.
Likewise, Seiryu's original color was green.
Each of these four mythological beasts protects a cardinal point.
protects a cardinal point.
Suzaku protects the south;
Byakko, the west;
Genbu, the north and Seiryu, the east.
And what do we find, in the middle of the four cardinal points?
The Kirin!
Alza!
So what is the meaning of the inscription...
that in Kichiemon Samizu engraved on the column?
It is the instructions to open the column if you have lost the keys.
The first sentence,
"He who wants to obtain the Horn of Kirin by secret paths"
means he who wants to obtain the Horn of Kirin
without having the keys.
Then it says, "He shall let himself fall following the current."
The stream refers to a transition in time and space.
And "let go with the flow" means to be carried away by the transition in time and space.
means to let oneself be carried along by the transition
and to trust the course of events.
So if you wait without doing anything the Kirin will appear by itself?
No, the pedestals in the four corners...
correspond to Suzaku, Byakko, Genbu and Seiryu.
Each of the colors has a meaning

and each creature is related to a cardinal point.
Exactly.
Something must be done to the four pedestals following the current,
that is to say, a concrete order.
The colors have no order.
Well, perhaps something should be done with the pedestals
following the order of the cardinal points.
But then the pedestals are not ordered.
I thought that after the east always came the north.
It seems to me that north should be first.
At least, they always put it on top of everything on the maps.
It is evident that the cardinal points do not follow any order either.
It doesn't matter whether we read them clockwise or counterclockwise.
You are right.
So maybe it's the four mythological creatures
that follow a certain order.
In Conan you always know them, this kind of thing.
(Genta) Yes, but the poor guy is still sleeping....
The thing is that to make the statue of the Kirin appear from the column,
insert the four keys in the locks of the pedestals
and make them turn at the same time
or do something that we do not know with the pedestals
in an order that we do not know, are the only two ways.
It seems almost impossible that the KID could have done it alone in the minute it lasted
in the minute that the blackout lasted.
And if he had an accomplice, they had to agree on some kind of signal.
-But how do you want us to check it?
With the images recorded by the camera of the TV crew.
(Haibara: think) "Kudo, we have no choice....
"but to wake up by ourselves to try to solve the case...
while you are unconscious."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
The technician who was supposed to come at first was a young guy.
And now that you mention it, the main suspect is you, the cameraman!
(Think) "Come on! Wake up at once and give us a hand!"
Blanc.
Eh?
Open the door immediately and let us out of here!
The longer we delay, the farther it will be!
You are the Wizard of the Silver Moon.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'In Kid vs. Junior Detectives."

