(Haibara) "In Kaito Kid has set out to steal the Horn of the Kirin,
a great amber jewel, and has sent out a new warning."
"The Horn of the Kirin can only be taken from where it is.
"By inserting 4 keys into the locks of 4 pedestals.
"And turning them simultaneously,
an ingenious mechanism of Kichiemon Samizu."
"We Junior Detectives had to protect the 4 pedestals,
"But when the power went out, Conan was attacked...
and the Kirin Horn has mysteriously disappeared."
"There are 4 mythological animals: Suzaku, Byakko, Genbu and Seiryu,
represented on the 4 pedestals."
"They may be related to the inscription.
"That in Kichiemon Samizu engraved on the column
where the Horn of the Kirin was hidden."
"This mystery will be up to us to solve,
the Junior Detective League."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"In Kaito Kid is cornered. He may have passed himself off as...?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"In Kid vs. Junior Detectives"
How!
You want to check the images and sound we have recorded?
We want to check that there aren't any strange lights or noises.
Yes, that's a good idea.
After all, in order to be able to turn the 4 keys once in the middle of darkness...
some kind of signal should have been agreed upon.
We will review the camera images.
- "The power's gone!" - "Everybody calm down! We were counting."
"(thump)"
Now you can hear the sound of the wind and rain
when the shutters have exploded.
What a scare!
I got scared and put on my hood.
-Yes, me too.
Y-Yes, me too.
Xxxt!
Shut up and look.
Eh?
Yes...
- "Are you recording it?" - "Yes. But it's too dark."
-These are our veus. -Yes.
This looks like.
"(Whistling: pip, pip)"
As the whistles sounded, the power to the pedestals was cut off.
Xxxt!
Xxxt!
- "It can't be!" - This is when the column has opened.
And out of the middle has come the statue of the Kirin.
The light from the taser!
Mm?
You see another light.
Yes, it was me.
I heard Conan calling and I was worried.
And then right after...
"The... Horn... The Horn of the Kirin! It's gone!"
And at this moment is when the Horn of the Kirin has disappeared.
"It must have come in Kid."
I didn't hear any noise or see anything strange.
No.
I would, if anything,
I would point out the light of the gun and the scream of the boy with the glasses
when he falls to the ground unconscious.
Before the scream, you can already feel the mechanism
that opens the column starting up.
But the Kid could have faked it, this noise.
Perhaps then he had already distributed the keys among his accomplices...
...and they have taken advantage of the fact that we were moving away the pedestals
to hear the cry of Conan
to turn all 4 keys at once.
Maybe you are right.
And before hearing the scream of his companion
you are absolutely sure that you had the pedestals well protected?
-Yes, we protected them well. With open arms, like this.
We leaned on the pedestals to be able to cover the locks.
By the way, which pedestal did each of you protect?
It was my turn...
this one, the black pedestal.
I was in charge of guarding this one, the green one.
I got the white one.
And I was guarding this one, the red pedestal.
But you weren't the least bit afraid?
The power suddenly went out, and the pedestals were electrified.
-Yes, a little bit yes... -Listen, Mr. Suzuki.
The floor has some rotten planks.
Aren't there any iron plates like the walls?
No.

The beams of the floor, ceiling and corners...
have a very complex mechanism built into them
and I have not been able to do anything to reinforce them.
Under the floor there is a wire mesh,
there's no way he could have escaped through here.
-Dispensi: Hm?
If there must be a KID accomplice among us,
we already have a suspect.
It's the sound technician who came with us.
Me? The technician who was supposed to come at the beginning.
The technician who was supposed to come with us at first was a young guy,
you're his replacement.
Yes, of course, because they couldn't reach her and sent me.
And, now that you say it, the main suspect is you, the cameraman!
I am?
I know the cameraman of this program,
he's a young guy who used to study at my school.
-How come you insisted on coming? -You don't know what you're saying!
He just came out of the oven and he doesn't have enough experience in live broadcasting,
and Mr. Suzuki asked me on the phone to replace him.
Yes, I felt it too.
Mr. Suzuki was very excited,
he had specially ordered some tracksuits for the children.
-And he wanted a veteran cameraman.
I ordered the tracksuits
because you told me they would boost the audience.
And the person who put me in contact with the manufacturer
was precisely you, Miss.
What?
Me, you say?
I don't know anything, me.
Yes, I don't.
How did it occur to you to warn us?
Was it because someone suggested it to you?
No, it occurred to me after I read the Kid's notice.
"This time, let's stop being childish...
and let's face it like the adults we are", he said.
That's why I deduced that children were their weak point
and I decided to alert the Junior Detective League.
(Think) "It might have been the Kid,
"who would have called the TV crew
"posing as Mr. Suzuki
to intentionally exclude the two young boys who were supposed to come."
"Then how come his notice referred to the kids?"
"Perhaps he had foreseen
"That Mr. Suzuki would do just the opposite of what I advised him to do
and have us come."
"This case is full of mysteries..."
"It's very strange that the jewel disappeared without a trace."
"And then there are the four keys that Mr. Suzuki has hung on the wall."
"If only the iron could be easily torn off.
"The microphone would have recorded the jingling of the keys.
"And the noise the iron would have made
when it was nailed back into the wall."
"But the video we saw earlier didn't feel anything like that."
"Maybe the fluorescent paint on the keys and the locks.
"It's just a trap and in Kid has opened the column in another way,
just like the inscription says."
"Come on! Wake up at once and give us a hand!"
Blanc.
Eh?
-Have you woken up yet, Conan? - (high chair)
Xxxt!
Don't knock, please.
(knocking) What?
You don't want them to know you're awake?
But why not? Donkey!
Because this is the first time the Kid's ever knocked me unconscious
and I don't want him to see me awake until he knows why.
By the way, what were those whistling sounds you felt?
Ah, yes!
That's the signal that the current from the pedestals will be cut off.
You can see that they follow a certain order:
green, red, white and black.
And the inspector has asked us
to protect each of the pedestals after each whistle.
Aaah...
I need you to describe to me
the position of the notes that the Kid has attached to the pedestals.
The position? Yes.
The one on the red pedestal is just above the lock,
and from here I can also see
that of the green pedestal is a little higher.
But I don't see the black and white pedestals.
The note on the white pedestal is near the lock, like the one on the red one.
And the one on the black one is higher, like the one on the green one.
Now I get it!
I think I've got it.
Now stand in front of me,
so that no one can see that I'm awake.
My whole body was stiff.
Of course you did.
And by the way you've seen what you weren't supposed to see, right?
What's that? What?
No.
It was without flying.
Pervertit.
Eh?
You idiot!
If you didn't want me to look, you should have told me before.
Co... Conan!
Now I know.
I know why the Kid knocked me unconscious.

Really? Yes.
And I've also figured out which of these adults he's impersonated.
Can one of you go talk to the agents?
You have to tell them that, somewhere in the temple,
the Kaito Kid is holding the person he is impersonating.
Notify the agents standing guard outside and tell them to look for her.
But... how will we know which agent to notify?
He's right.
If the Kaito Kid has any accomplices infiltrated among the police...
No, you won't find any accomplices here.
What?
The Kaito Kid has managed
to steal the single amber horn from the Kirin's statue.
And you... gave her a hand without knowing it.
That we helped her? -No way!
Open the door immediately and let us out of here!
The longer we delay, the farther it will be!
No.
I can't do that.
I can't open it.
Why can't you?
Because I have a feeling that the Kid's still in here,
posing as one of us,
waiting for the door to open so he'll have a chance to get out.
That's right.
He's right.
We can't open it.
Just as he said, he's waiting for the chance to get out.
It's in here alone, with no accomplice,
and right now he must feel very threatened.
What... he doesn't have any accomplices, you mean?
Yes, man!
Don't you remember?
The 4 keys must be inserted into the locks of the 4 pedestals
and then turn them simultaneously.
To do this,
KID needs at least 3 more people.
And also, before the robbery,
Mr. Suzuki has left the keys hanging
on an iron that he has nailed to the wall.
The keys have nothing to do with it.
The fact is that the Kid did not use them.
Come on!
But we found traces of phosphorescent paint on both the keys and the locks.
we found traces of phosphorescent paint!
Yes, but we do not know since when there are traces of paint on the keys.
That's true!
It could be that the KID had painted both the keys and the locks
hours or maybe minutes before taking out the light.
Yes, I suppose so,
but is there any way to access the statue without the keys?
Says the inscription at the foot of the column.
"He who wishes to obtain the Horn of the Kirin by secret paths
must let himself fall following the current".
These are the instructions left in Kichiemon Samizu
to open the column in an alternative way.
Whoever wants to take the Kirin's Horn without having the keys
will be able to do it if he goes with the flow.
What current does he mean?
To the gods.
Each of the 4 pedestals represents a mythological creature.
This one, the green pedestal, is Seiryu.
The white pedestal is Byakko.
The black one is Genbu.
And this, the red pedestal, is Suzaku.
Ya-ya, but what kind of order do they follow, these divinities?
-The seasons. The seasons?
Seiryu is spring.
Suzaku, summer.
Byakko, autumn and Genbu, winter.
So "to let oneself go with the flow"
means to let oneself be carried along by the course of the 4 seasons.
Which is the same as leaning on the seasons of the year.
Mm?
Leaning, you say?
It means that you have to lean on the pedestals
and push it following the order of the seasons.
Now it's your turn, Haibara. -Yes.
-Are you ready, Ayumi? -Yes.
-The last one is you, Genta. Yes!
-The column! -It's moving!
It's closing again!
It's... it's closed all the way!
Now you've understood, haven't you,
how you opened the column without inserting the 4 keys in the locks?
But the blackout only lasted a minute!
How could you go through the whole room in the dark?
push the 4 pedestals
and paste the notes in such a short time?
-It's impossible! -It wasn't him.
The 4 of us pushed them.
That's why he asked us to protect the locks in this order:
green, red, white and black.
-Isn't that right, Inspector Nakamori? MM?
It's you, the Wizard of the Silver Moon.
Now I get it!
With the excuse of protecting the locks
you've had them lean their backs against the pedestals
as if they could keep a better watch on the surroundings, right?
What nonsense!
And how did I glue the cards, then?
You made us do this too.
You had the windows blown out

so that we could put on our hoods to keep warm.
On the back of the tracksuit, under the hood,
were the sticky cards,
which stuck to the pedestal when we leaned against it.
This is evidenced by the height at which the notes were stuck,
which varies according to the height of each of us.
O... oops, now that you mention it....
In Kid called Mr. Suzuki
posing as you, the journalist,
and proposed to introduce you to a manufacturer
to order these tracksuits
and be able to hide the stickers under the hoods.
But... just a moment,
how could you follow the order of the pedestals
in the dark without making a mistake?
When we reviewed the images, there was no acoustic signal of any kind.
-He told us himself.
Green, red, black and white.
He told us that the current from the pedestals would be cut off in this order.
would be cut off in this order.
We had to wait to hear the whistle to get close to the pedestal.
Do you want to say that you have not imagined it?
-You didn't feel it, did you? -It was a "pip, pip".
An unpleasant noise.
That you heard it? -No.
Neither did I.
What was it?
Mosquito noise.
What?
From the age of 20, the ear begins to degenerate...
and loses the ability to perceive high-frequency sounds.
In Kid has emitted these whistles that can only hear children
to indicate the order to be followed.
If no one else said anything when they heard the whistle, it would go completely unnoticed,
it would go completely unnoticed.
That's why he didn't want young boys among the TV crew.
He wasn't interested in them feeling the whistle.
About the mosquito noise you neglected to explain this to us.
What?
Oops, sorry.
So, what was it, the Kirin's Horn?
Oh, yeah, I got it.
I have it.
Hidden in the hood of my tracksuit.
The Kid knocked me unconscious so he could take me to the hospital
and, in the meantime, retrieve the jewel from its temporary hiding place.
"But when I sat up,
I felt the weight of the jewel and I understood right away."
By the way, the keys have been smeared with paint.....
"2quan Mr. Suzuki left them behind
because he showed us how the mechanism worked."
If there were traces of phosphorescent paint on the keys,
he could pretend he'd used them to open the column.
And where is the real Inspector Nakamori?
Ten hovering nearby, stunned by the taser.
(Door: knocking)
Open the door!
The man inside isn't me, it's the Kaito Kid!
Open up right now! Why don't you let him in?
What if he has some accomplice waiting for him outside
to help him escape so we can open the door?
If he had a way to escape, he would have done it by now.
-Ah... It's true. Let me in!
This is Inspector Nakamori!
Go ahead, open the door.
-Hey! -Oh!
Inspector!
What are you doing?
What's wrong with him, now?
What do you say, Kid?
All the adults in here wear a mark on our faces except you.
So you can't impersonate any of us.
You're the only one who doesn't have my seal stamped on his face.
You can't impersonate us!
It's about time you went to jail for your crimes.
Oh, is that so?
I wouldn't be so sure.
(Genta: call)
Ge... Genta! Turn on the spotlights!
Hurry up!
Look for the man who doesn't have my seal on his face!
-It's the Kaito Kid! -But... but Inspector... -But Inspector...
All of us in here bear your seal.
It's not on the Kid anymore, it's disappeared!
No... it can't be true!
(He thinks) "Where the hell has he gone?"
"He can't impersonate any of the kids."
- (Genta) Eeei! (Genta) -Huh?
-Help me! -Ge... Genta!
(Genta) Hey!
What are you doing in this hole?
I have no idea!
When the power went out,
I noticed that someone was dragging me and put me in here.
Of course I did!
While I was disguised as Inspector Nakamori, the Kid touched the ground.
While I was crouching down,
he must have set up a small explosive to open a hole,
used Genta as a stopper and fled into the basement.
We've got him!
It's the basement!
-Re-open the door. Mm-hm.
Roger that.
Let's go!
Hurry up!
Hurry up!
Mail!
Don't move, Genta!
If someone touches your leg, shout to let us know.

What?
Y-yes.
-What?
That you find it? -No, not yet...
(thinks) "Hey, wait a minute! The spot on Genta was on the other side!"
Xxxt!
Ka... Kaito Kid!
You can keep this.
It wasn't the jewel that interested me today.
But... but when...?
And... in Genta?
Ah, that's right, it's the hole.
Sleeping peacefully.
I get it!
You wanted to prove that you can even impersonate a child, right?
That's right!
For Kaito Kid
there's nothing impossible.
So long! Just a moment.
You're a little careless.
What's that?
Ah!
That agent is in Kid!
Catch him!
-What do you mean? -On Kid?
(Think) "If I manage to hide in the forest with this disguise,
they won't be able to recognize me."
("Hello Mr. my yesterday", Hundred Percent Free)

Hello Mr.
my yesterday Itteria okure yo
Yume Kanau sono toki ni mata aeru tono.
Zenpou no Ikuta Zenta Tanana no michi kouhou no michi
koukai mo shitta Keiko to kachi yume Nakab ippon no michi
kekka daga.
Kibou to yuuutsu tono no baransu nakushite kara
moves dore Kurai Darou.
Demo hokoreru mono mo nashi ni ima sara Kaeru beki basho mo
Asu no riyuu mo midasenai yo boku wa.
Hello Mr.
my yesterday taimu Mashin de
ano hay no boku he ima tsutaetakute.
Yume wo kataru mono yo Anata no me ni
asu no boku no koto wa utsuttemasu ka?
(Man) I have found in Kid!
6 kilometers west of the temple!
Don't move!
We've found the Kid!
"It can't be! How did you know?"
"Serves you right for knocking me unconscious."
Ha-ha-ha!
Today I'll be colliering potatoes, frying them...
and I'll crisp them up with a cold beer!
Inspector, look at this.
Doesn't it look like he's pointing his finger in your face?
He wanted to tell us who had killed him by pointing to a part of his face.
(He thinks) "He's got a bump on his forehead."
Don't miss the next episode: "The Rooftop Orchard Trap."

