Mrs. Mejiro!
Good afternoon!
We came to visit the orchard!
Hello, Ran!
I'm early.
Ah, how beautiful!
These are all autumn vegetables.
I see that every day also comes in the garden.
After work I have time to water and harvest the vegetables.
Since you work nearby... That's right.
Oh! (Conan, thinks) "Eh?"
What a mess!
Who broke my protective netting?
So much work for nothing!
-The insects will eat it all. (makes a giggle)
-I'm sure it was you! -Don't talk nonsense.
It wasn't me, but now my plot is more lonely than before.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Without old Mala Baba, this would be paradise.
(Woman) Oh!
Ah...!
Stop it, eh?!
Don't throw me the weeds!
-Hey, I have not sigut. How many times do I have to tell you?
-I've had enough! -Shut up!
I tell you that it wasn't me!
One day I came to the orchard and my plot was all flooded.
This grandfather has a very bad temper, don't you think?
I'm very sorry for him.
I'd rather you hadn't seen how this man is.
Another day, help me harvest some vegetables.
They're organic.
I'll give you a basket.
Bah!
Organic vegetables are eaten by insects.
And they sure don't taste like anything.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha! This is the garden of discord."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passing of time takes us away from the mystery."
"In the rooftop orchard a murder has been committed."
"And the scarecrow Kogoro makes his appearance."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The rooftop garden trap."
The father is in high spirits! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Today I'll collier potatoes, I'll fry them...
and I'll crisp them up with a cold beer!
(Shinichi, thinks) "This one is capable of piercing the roof."
Ha-ha-ha!
Mm? Mm?
Oh! Isn't he...?
The old man we saw the other day!
It's too late.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He's got a bump on his forehead!"
(Ambulance: siren)
The victim's name is Takahiko Nakamura, 73 years old.
He is an old man who lived in this neighborhood.
We believe the death occurred around 11 am.
If I'm not mistaken, when he arrived,
you found Mr. Nakamura's body lying on the ground.
Yes.
It was 11:00 a.m. when we found her.
By the way, what are you dressed up as today?
My daughter and I have come to help harvest vegetables.
a woman called Misa Mejiro.
Ah, you understand.
Mr. Nakamura rented a plot of land in this orchard?
That's right.
Because, I'm told, he had a very bad temper and didn't respect anyone.
His companions in the orchard, it seems, called him "old Mala Baba".
Understood.
Now, the first thing we have to do is to clarify if it was a murder.
At first glance, the cause of death is a blow to the back of the head.
I'm guessing he fell
and hit the water tank of the crops.
Then he fell backwards.
These marks indicate he may have slipped.
Mm... but why is there a bruise on his forehead?
If the bruise is recent, it means he got it shortly before.
Maybe he wanted to wash his hands and leaned over the faucet,
he hit his forehead, and, out of shock,
she took a step backwards and slipped and fell backwards.
That's why there's this towel here, next to the faucet.
Mm?
And the stain, what's it from? I had it tested by forensics.
It's from the paint that was used to paint the roof railing.
So, the man must have hung it on the railing.
(Shinichi, think) "Yes, but why did he have two towels?"
We also found a cell phone near the corpse.
Understood.

Check if it belongs to Mr. Nakamura.
Yes.
And apart from the elevator, is there another exit?
The emergency stairs are closed for construction.
And there's no other ladder
leading to the roof.
This means that the elevator is the only way of access.
And this building is the tallest in the whole area.
And there are bars on all the windows.
This means that no one has been able to get onto the roof from a window.
Check the elevator security camera
to see who came in and who went out.
Yes, sir.
To rule out murder,
we'll have to question his orchard buddies.
All right.
Takagi!
Ve saw them all.
Yes, sir.
Don't you think the corpse has been left in a very strange position?
What do you mean? This position...
Yes, I get it! Mouri, what is it, what do you understand?
Inspector, look at this!
Doesn't it look like he's pointing his finger at his face?
Mm..., yes, it could be interpreted like that.
But if someone slips and falls,
it's also possible for them to be in this posture.
Ah..., ah! Oh!
Ran, what are the names of the others who have a plot in the orchard?
Apart from Mrs. Mejiro, of course.
Well... they are two clerks,
Mr. Taguchi and Miss Inoue.
Think of the ideograms that represent the surnames
Mejiro and Taguchi.
Mejiro means "eye".
Taguchi's means "mouth".
I think Mr. Nakamura wanted to tell us that he had killed her
by pointing to a particular part of his face.
(Shinichi, think) "This man is crazy."
But it's not clear what part of the face he wanted to point at.
Whether it is the eyes, or the mouth.
Can we know why the police want to question us?
This morning, Mr. Nakamura turned up dead...
in the rooftop garden.
Is that so?
Old Mala Baba?
Well, well, well!
At least there'll finally be peace in our orchard.
Well, that's a load off my mind.
Are you sure it's these people?
Yes, sir.
The other day, when we were in the orchard,
we saw that Mr. Nakamura was making life miserable for them.
He flooded Mrs. Mejiro's plot.
He broke Mr. Taguchi's insect screen.
And he pulled weeds for Ms. Inoue.
I'm sure it wasn't the first time he'd been a nuisance to them.
And today was the straw that broke the camel's back.
What... what are you insinuating?
You mean they murdered her?
And you think we did it?
No, no, we have not yet established that it was murder.
We would like you to voluntarily cooperate with the police.
Mr. Nakamura's body has been found lying on the ground,
in the rooftop garden.
We would like you to tell us what you were doing and where you were
at the estimated time of death.
Aaa... your orchard is diagonal to Mr. Nakamura's orchard.
Mrs. Mejiro, you go first.
I work in the office on the second floor of this very building.
I was supposed to have a party today, but I had some work to do and I decided to come.
I came in at half past 9:00. Can you tell me where I was at 10:00?
As I knew that Ran and company would come at 11 o'clock to help me harvest vegetables
to help me harvest vegetables,
I stayed working in the office until that time.
Is there anyone who can confirm this for us?
No, because today is Saturday,
and there was no one in the office but me.
Remember that the ideogram of Mejiro means "eye".
Mrs. Mejiro finds it very easy to go up to the roof.
The dead man may have been pointing to the ull.
Mm...
Very good.
Mr. Taguchi's plot is next to Mr. Nakamura's.
What can you tell us?
I went to the horticultural center this morning
to buy fertilizer and other things.
My intention was to go to the orchard this afternoon.
Are there any witnesses to that? Mm...
The cashier at the horticultural center might remember me.
I know he will!
I have the cashier's ticket.
-It's this one. -Huh?
An 11:00 a.m. ticket doesn't give you an alibi.
Oh, isn't it?
The victim may have been pointing to his mouth.
Mm.
And now it's your turn, Miss Inoue.
Your plot is also next to the deceased's.
Since I didn't have to go to work today, I got up late.
And what were you doing, at 10 o'clock?

Well... if I remember correctly, I was watching TV then.
But I'm afraid I can't prove it, because I live alone.
Miss Inoue lives under the roof,
but the ideogram of her surname doesn't represent any part of her face.
It seems that none of the 3 of them has a solid alibi.
Now I have to ask them
to join us in the orchard to continue the interrogation.
Even after death,
old Mala Baba is still bugging us.
I don't know if it was an accident or if he was killed, but he deserved it.
He fell, hit his head and died.
And yet, he's managed to make all 3 of us look suspicious.
(Mobile)
Mm? Yes, okay, thank you very much.
Yes, okay, thank you very much.
Inspector. (Cell phone ringing)
Mm?
The cell phone we found on the floor was Mr. Nakamura's.
At 10:00 a.m. he received a call from an unlisted number.
It seems to have come from a cell phone with a prepaid card.
We have not been able to locate the person who made the call.
Then keep trying.
Yes.
What are we going to do with these 3? Mm...
After seeing the scene, they haven't changed the witness at all.
Inspector!
We've checked the elevator security camera.
Mr. Nakamura went up to the roof at 9 o'clock.
Mr. Mouri and the others went up at 11 o'clock,
and no one else went up during the interval.
This means that the only person who went up to the roof is Mr. Nakamura.
is Mr. Nakamura.
There is no suspicious detail.
It's quite clear: old people have a tendency to have accidents.
When he finished working on the plot,
he went to wash his hands.
Then his cell phone rang, and he got distracted and slipped,
and bit his head on the water tank.
This is what happened.
But earlier you said that the position in which he found the body
might have some significance.
Ah, yes, yes, I wanted to explore all the possibilities.
When he slipped and fell,
he made a few contortions and was in a strange position.
And the blow to the forehead?
Well, I imagine he must have hit it with his cell phone when he fell.
Mm... Okay, I think we can say it was a hit.
I think we can now say that it was an accident.
(All 3) Ah...!
(Shinichi, thinking) "I don't see it so clearly."
"There are two things that don't fit."
"The bump on Mr. Nakamura's forehead.
"And that he was wearing a towel around his neck,
even though they found another one lying on the floor."
(Conan voice) Ran, don't touch anything, or the cops will get mad at you!
I wanted to nail the stick that holds it well.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now what is this?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now I understand."
"I know what happened."
(Mejiro) At last, we can leave now.
(Taguchi) If it was an accident, they should have told us.
(Inoue) I've already wasted the whole day.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I'm counting on you, Mr. Mouri."
Ouch!
(Inoue) Oh...!
Ouch!
Quiet! Aaah...
(Mouri voice) Stop!
Inspector Megure!
One of these 3 people has killed Mr. Nakamura,
and planned it all to make it look like an accident.
- (all) Eh? -What the hell?!
B-but a moment ago you said yourself that it was an accident!
(Mouri voice) It was a ploy to catch the killer unawares.
Please, can you bring the 3 suspects here in front of you?
But are you going to interrogate them looking like this?
It doesn't matter what clothes they wear.
Here, the only thing that matters is the truth.
-Please... -What do you want now?
Stop it!
The person who has killed Nakamura has used a trick
because it looked like an accident.
What kind of trick? Hey, are you serious about this?
You told us the opposite before.
(Mouri voice) The blow on the forehead gave me the clue of what had happened.
If I had slipped by the faucet
and had fallen backwards, I wouldn't have done it to him.
He had a blunt object thrown at his forehead.
But there are no taller buildings around the orchard
from which any object can be thrown.
Yes, and that has disoriented us.
But the boy has found something interesting among the Chinese cabbages.
Come on, Conan!
(Conan voice) It's this.
It's a brick.
I've picked up the pieces and rebuilt it.
(Conan voice) It's true!
And it has a hole right in the middle.
We found the fragments in the corridor

between the victim's plot and Ms. Inoue's plot.
Someone threw the brick at Mr. Nakamura and touched her forehead.
It probably broke later when it fell to the ground.
And where did they throw it from, this brick?
(Mouri's voice) From what I can gather, from a lower place.
From a lower place?! (Mouri's voice) One element doesn't fit.
The towel we found between the faucet and the railing.
The victim was wearing a towel around his neck,
and I found it very strange that there was another one.
Old Mala Baba's towels always have his initials on them.
But this one has nothing on it.
(Mouri voice) Inspector, remember that the stain on the towel...
is from the paint on the railing.
That's right.
Forensics has analyzed it.
But what has this got to do with it?
(Mouri's voice) From the shape of the stain,
the towel appears to have been rubbed across the railing.
This means that someone has hung the towel on the railing
for some reason, and then it fell to the ground.
Get to the point, please.
(Mouri voice) The murderer has passed a rope through the hole in the brick,
and hung it on the railing.
Then he has passed the rope from where the brick was hanging
over the towel.
When Mr. Nakamura approached the railing, the killer pulled the rope tightly over the towel,
the killer pulled the rope tight from the floor below.
Aaaah!
(Mouri voice) Mr. Nakamura took a step back,
slipped and then hit the back of his head against the water tank.
against the water tank.
The brick fell into the space between the two plots and broke.
The killer stretched the rope to retrieve it,
but left the towel at the crime scene.
The towel was on the railing so that Mr. Nakamura could not see that on the other side was a brick.
that there was a brick hanging on the other side.
In conclusion, the person who killed Mr. Nakamura...
...is Miss Marie Inoue.
The Marie Inoue? What?!
But I didn't have any reason to...
Yes, I understand.
The only one who could have done it is Miss Inoue,
who lives downstairs.
Her window is right below the faucet.
(Mouri voice) Mr. Nakamura left us a posthumous message.
When he hit his head and fell,
Mr. Nakamura realized that he had done that,
and left us a message saying that it was you.
But the ideogram of the surname Inoue does not represent any part of the face.
(Mouri's voice) That's true, but Mr. Nakamura's finger...
was not pointing to any part of his face.
It was pointing downward.
The message meant that the murderer was Miss Inoue,
who lives on the floor below.
That's good.
If what you say is true, it's possible that the lady has bitten....
Mr. Nakamura with the brick and made her fall.
What I don't understand is how he did it so that the victim would come close
to this particular spot on the railing.
E-exactly!
Are you insinuating that I called her from below?
Because, if so, all the neighbors would have felt me!
(Mouri voice) She used a cell phone with a prepaid card.
"First, Ms. Inoue made sure...
that Mr. Nakamura was alone on the rooftop."
And then, with some excuse,
she made him come over to the railing right where the towel was.
And stretched the rope.
Never mind.
All this just goes to show is that I could have done it.
And this posthumous message thing, you just made it up.
On any evidence, you?
A concrete proof!
Before going up to the roof, you told us something.
He fell, hit his head and died.
And yet, you made us all look suspicious.
But, at that point,
the police had not yet revealed to them how the victim had died.
The only person who could make this comment was the killer.
You.
Agent Chiba, after 10 o'clock,
Miss Inoue is on the elevator camera footage?
Well no, she does not appear at any time.
(Mouri voice) Perfect, that means she hasn't left her floor.
You will find her there.
I mean the rope,
the one used to kill Mr. Nakamura.
Takagi.
Yes, sir!
Miss, may we have permission to search your apartment?
Never mind, that won't be necessary.
The detective is right.
The rope is there, because I haven't had time to get rid of it.
Yes, I confess everything!

I have killed that old bad person!
But why?
The fact that he kicked them is no reason to kill him.
To make us the passover?
He did something worse to me!
The vegetables that I had cultivated with love for so many months....,
he sprayed them with his herbicide and killed them!
The wretch!
And now!
These were his vegetables?
I saw them so stunted that I thought they were weeds...
and I killed them.
The vegetables were my inheritance.
I grew them with the seeds
my father left me before he died.
He destroyed his father's legacy, and he did it conscientiously!
I will never forgive him!
(SOMICA)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
Marie Inoue was very close to her father,
who was a farmer and raised her alone on his farm.
When he died and she became an orphan,
the only illusion she had left to life
was to grow her father's vegetables in her garden.
(Shinichi, think) "Oops! I think I got a little careless."
(Raven: cricket)
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha! Very good, Mr. Mouri!"
"That's a very convincing scarecrow!"
50,000 yen!
A necklace? Maybe it's a birthday present.
Is it a hotel night for two?
Oops, mother!
How come you didn't wear a collar today?
You can wear your cat's collar.
(Shinichi, think) "I'm not sure, who wants to give her the gift."
"Don't miss the next episode!"
(Shinichi, think) "The worst birthday (part one) '."

