(Kogoro) Hey, Ran... Eh?
There's a 3-day weekend, right?
Hm.
Let's see...
Monday the 11th is Health and Sports Day,
we'll have a long weekend.
Why do you ask?
Do you want to take me somewhere?
No, I was just asking.
Ah, all right.
Hey, if we don't hurry, we'll miss the lottery, though.
Oops, you're right.
If you're going to the raffle, take my wallet.
I have a few tickets inside.
Understood.

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"It's a special woman's birthday."
"En Kogoro wants to give her a gift, but it will backfire."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The worst birthday (part one)"
How strong, it's true.
There are at least 20 tickets here.
But what should I buy?
Look at the wallet, maybe there is a receipt.
There are many receipts here for the snacks you eat with your beer.
This is it.
50,000 yen.
Beika Jewelry.
A necklace?
What a face he has.
I bet she wants to give it to the waitress at some bar.
Hey, maybe it's a birthday present.
Birthday?
For me it's still a long way off.
Ah, if it's not for you, it'll be for...
Of course it is!
Mother's birthday is October 10th!
I get it!
I wanted to check the date first.
The father has remembered that the 10th is the mother's birthday!
(He thinks) "Yes, and so do I."
"When Sports Day came around, you always reminded me."
October 10 is mother's birthday.
I'll win the red ribbon and give it to her as a gift.
"Exactly."
Yes, I get it.
She gave us her wallet because she wanted us to find the receipt.
He wants us to arrange a meeting for them,
and then he'll give you the gift.
"Very clever, Mr. Mouri."
But what can I do, so that these two meet?
Do the usual, invite them to dinner.
The usual, no, it has to be something special.
I know, I know!
What do you think, lo?
A hotel night for two?
Yes!
What do you say?
It's a hotel night for two people?
And dinner for two at the hotel restaurant!
"La Ran is incredibly lucky." A hotel night and a dinner!
How nice!
If I ask them in time, I'm sure we can take them in Conan.
It's this weekend.
Shall we go? We are?
Yes.
Above all, remember to bring everything you need, okay?
Uh... uh...
Yes.
(Eri) A hotel in Shizuoka for the weekend?
Is this another one of your maneuvers to get the mustache man to see?
"Yes, ma'am! You guessed it!"
"Sorry, daughter, I can't on Monday,
I've made an appointment with a client."
Wait, first let me tell you....
why I had so many raffle tickets in my wallet.
MHM?
"They were given to her because she went to the jewelry store...
and bought a 50,000 yen necklace."
Eh? I'll take care of it, then.
If you have another engagement, it's okay.
"W-wait a minute!"
If it's a hotel in Shizuoka, it's fine with me.
In fact, my client lives in Shizuoka,
and we've arranged to meet right there.
What? Okay, we'll meet on Sunday at the Sea Hotel in Shizuoka.
We'll meet on Sunday at the Sea Side Hotel in Shizuoka.
Ooh...
Excuse me, according to the schedule, your client was supposed to come to the office.
You're in luck.
We'll have the meeting in your city.
Very well, then.
I'm already at the hotel.
What am I supposed to do now?
"Rest for a while until it's time for dinner."
I think the father will give you the gift before dinner,
or maybe he'll give you when we're at the table.
"And then, I could spend the night in his room."
What?

Both of you alone?
And then, you, where will you sleep?
Conan and I can sleep in your room.
Right, Conan? Aah... Yes.
(Door: doorbell)
Now I have to leave you, there's a knock at the door.
"Mother." MHM?
For many years, eh? Ah.
Thank you, daughter.
-Ah!
Mrs. Kokubu. Hip!
Mrs. Kokubu, the meeting is tomorrow.
(Drunk) I came to the hotel with my husband and we had a fight.
I'm very sorry.
I wanted to ask if I could sleep here tonight.
I-if you want, I can sleep on the sofa.
No, wait...
Before we negotiate the terms of the agreement,
don't you think you should talk to your husband?
Shut up!
I don't want anything to do with that idiot.
I remind you that you are the victim of a harassment case,
and we have to decide on the amount of compensation
that we will ask for to avoid going to trial.
(Snores)
Hello, good evening, this is Attorney Kisaki.
Is this the Akiho Kokubu's room?
(Man) "Yes. I am her husband, at Takehiko Kokubu."
His wife just came to my room, room 306,
and fell asleep on my bed.
"Now I have to go out, I imagine I'll be back around 11."
"Would you mind coming to pick her up, in a little while?"
"When she's sobered up, I guess she'll be a lot calmer."
Yes, all right, I'll come.
Ufff...
- (woman) Oh, no!
The lawyer... - Eh?
Good to see you before tomorrow's negotiation.
As in the end they have been able to prove that my son was following this woman
I am willing to pay the compensation.
But you should know that it's all the fault
of this former car racing hostess,
who played with my son's feelings!
And the warning that tomorrow I will tell her everything to her face!
Please, we'll talk tomorrow, okay?
Oh.
By the way, I hope your son did not accompany you to the hotel.
It is a requirement of the negotiation that your son is not present.
No, I already told him that I would come alone.
But I can't assure you that he didn't follow me here.
My son is a very stubborn boy.
Ha-ha-ha!
(Kogoro) Wow!
It's been ages since we've seen each other.
You could have dressed a little sexier, couldn't you?
Hello.
I see you're not at all surprised that I came.
No.
From Ran's comments, I figured we'd have company.
Ran, this isn't going to work, I think I'd better go.
No, please don't.
We're here now.
Why don't we enjoy dinner?
MHM.
"Well I'm not sure anymore, who wants to give you the gift."
Ooh...
Mm... It's great, isn't it? Yes, it's all very good.
Better than what one of you cooks that I know of.
By the way, it's been a long time since the three of us had dinner together.
It was for my birthday.
Wasn't it?
Oh, yes, it was.
MHM?
It's been that long?
Hmm.
Hmm.
Oh, I'm so hot.
They've got the heat on too high.
Oh, Mother.
How come you didn't wear a necklace today?
Ah, I just couldn't find one I liked.
Oh, didn't you?
Well, I have an idea.
You can wear your cat's collar.
Patience!
You know that the father likes to make you angry,
but I'm sure he's waiting for the best moment to give you the gift.
(Snores)
Father, wake up.
"Like a log."
It's only an hour before my birthday's over.
Sorry, I'm going to my room.
What? And I mean... my room.
Vaaa! Bggl...
Mrs. Kokubu has already left.
I don't understand, this man.
Who did he buy it for, the necklace?
It must be for some woman who takes his money.
Let's see... This will do me good.
Ooh!
(thinks) "Just what I need for my birthday."
I don't get it.
Why do you say I have to apologize to him?
So you haven't given him something important.
E-eh? There's time.
We have 3 minutes left.
Come on. Come on.
Don't tell me you're already in bed.
(doorbell)
(Eri) "Yes? Who's going?"
It's me, I have to tell you something.
"Wait for tomorrow."
No, it has to be today.
Please, open the door.
-Let's see, what's wrong with you? -What's wrong with you?
-Oh! -You know you're half-naked?
Because I was taking a shower.
What's the matter with you?
It's going.
What is it, that thing you were telling me?
If it has to do with this gentleman with the moustache,
I'm not interested in anything that...
Oh!
Mrs. Kokubu!

Wake up, please!
Eh? Oh!
Mrs. Kokubu!
Mrs. Kokubu!
(Yokomizo) According to the coroner, she died between 10 and 11 o'clock at night.
The cause of death is a blow to the head.
She was hit from behind with a blunt object.
But we haven't found the murder weapon yet.
What about you?
Tell us about your relationship with the victim.
-You're a lawyer, right? -Eris Kisaki.
This woman was a client of mine.
She called herself Akiho Kokubu.
She had been a victim of harassment.
Tomorrow we had to negotiate compensation here at the hotel.
And what was she doing in this room?
She was also staying here with her husband,
and a while ago she came in and told me they'd had a fight.
"She came in and asked me if she could stay here."
"And she fell asleep."
"I called her room and talked to her husband."
"I told him I had to go out and that I'd be back in the room around 11,
and I asked him to come and pick her up."
Then, when I came back from the restaurant, it was past 11,
and as I didn't see him anywhere,
I figured that her husband had already picked her up.
What does this mean?
Are you absolutely sure that when you came back to the room
there was no body on the floor?
-Absolutely.
The door is self-closing.
From the outside, it can only be opened with the card.
And this window cannot be opened, neither from the outside nor from the inside.
He says that when he came back to the room, there was no body,
but it turns out that when she got out of the shower, she found her where she is now.
The room was locked!
It is absolutely impossible!
It's impossible unless you went back into the room,
got into a fight with the victim and, in a fit of rage,
ended up murdering her.
What?
And while you were showering to wash off the victim's blood spatter,
Mr. Mouri knocked on the door and went to open it.
If that were the case, the logical thing to do would have been not to let him in.
Yeah, but she thought that if she let the great detective Kogoro Mouri in,
it would benefit her.
She did it to turn a simple murder into a mystery!
-What nonsense! -Very well, then.
The murder weapon, maybe he has it hidden in his clothes.
-I'll have an agent search it. (Kogoro) There won't be one.
Before you arrived, I took him to the washroom,
undressed her and searched him thoroughly.
Di-di-di-di-di-did you say you undressed her? -Yes.
She was only wearing a towel, it wasn't very difficult.
Pe-pe-pe-pe-pe-pe-but that's sexual harassment!
(Yokomizo) Not at all.
(Yokomizo) What?
-L'Eri is my WIFE. But we are separated.
The... your wife?
And her last name?
It's just that Kisaki is the mother's maiden name.
She only uses it for professional reasons, you know?
So, she's his wife?
-Madam, I finally meet her. - "Finally"?
Yes, I do.
Every time I see Mr. Mouri with a pretty woman,
I ask him if she's his wife.
Aah...
Will you please shut up, you piece of log!
I'm sorry about that.
In this case, the police cannot take into account...
the testimony of a family member.
And now we have to consider another hypothesis:
that the two of them conspired to destroy the evidence.
-Hey, hey, Yokomizo... -Yes, it's quite clear.
If the room was locked, I can't think of any other explanation.
Wow...
There's a bloodstain here.
Eh?
Right here, on the edge of the bedspread.
Is this blood? Mmm...
But how come there's no stain on the carpet underneath?
That means the stain is here because someone moved the bed,
to hide the body.
You're right.
The killer could have moved the bed.
"Then, he hid next to the victim."
"And, while I was taking a shower, he moved the bed back to its original position."
"And he left the room without me noticing."
Yes, but if you had decided not to shower,
the ploy wouldn't have worked.
Yes, if you had laid down to sleep and drool, as you always do,
the killer wouldn't have escaped.
Drooling, me?
Sorry, you're the only one drooling here.
MHM? These aren't drool stains.
They're from glue, aren't they?

The stains next to the minibar are from a cola soda.
And here above is an empty cola can.
It's clear that the soda has spilled.
Is it true? Yes.
When I came back I picked up a can, and it splashed all over me.
I didn't remember I'd left it on top of the minibar.
Listen, as far as I know, you only like to drink water, tea or coffee.
Yeah, but all I found were cans.
Anyway, if someone hid the body under the bed,
that means there are at least two culprits.
What's that?
Why do you say that?
Because, to lift and move this bed,
I'd say it takes two people.
If they had dragged it, they would have left marks.
"At the foot of the bed, there are bloodstains."
"The larger ones are probably from the victim's head."
"But this row of fading small stains,
where did they come from?"
Inspector Yokomizo.
We discovered that shortly before the murder,
around 5:30 a.m., 10:30, the room was called several times.
Ah, interesting.
Did you check to see if it was the husband who had come to pick her up?
One of the calls was made from room 309,
which is the one they both shared.
But the other was made from room 302.
-Room 302? -Mrs. Hino's room.
-Do you know her? -Yes.
She's the mother of the stalker my client was chasing.
What I don't understand is why she called here.
(Mr. Kokubu) What?
My wife?
Who... who was it?
(Mr. Kokubu) And why?
We don't know, although we are investigating.
Mr. Kokubu, explain to us why you didn't go to look for your wife.
I... I called him and told him that I was on my way there,
but she started screaming her head off and said she wouldn't open the door.
I-I thought it would be better if he stayed overnight in his lawyer's room.
in her lawyer's room.
I thought I'd go look in the morning, when she was calmer.
And why did you fight, you two?
Well, it was because... That's why, isn't it?
Eh? What are you doing, Conan?
Oh! (Laughs)
Model cars.
I've loved cars ever since I was a little kid.
And putting them in a row relaxes me.
And how do you know, they've been fighting over these cars?
That's why here.
It's a broken mirror, which must be from some car.
A lover of miniature cars would be more careful.
-Was it his wife? -Yes.
She told me she was fed up with the toys and threw them on the floor.
Tell me, of all these, which one is your favorite?
Ah, yes.
What I like the most is the car of the actor James Dean.
This Porsche.
Ah...
One question: in the room were only you and your wife?
Yes.
My wife is the only one who knows I have this hobby.
(Mrs. Hino) What do you say, now!
Is she dead?
Yes, I've always thought that one of the fools...
who had lured this woman, would sooner or later kill her.
We found out that you spoke to the victim on the phone a while ago.
Yes.
She wanted to talk to the lawyer to ask her
if we could move up the time of tomorrow's negotiation a bit,
and that bad bitch picked up the phone.
And why did you want to change it, the time of the negotiation?
Because I am meeting a friend of mine to play golf.
Oh, my goodness.
First you negotiate the compensation and then you go to play golf.
Why not?
There's a fantastic golf course near the hotel.
By the way, are you staying alone in this room?
Yes, I am.
Can't you see it's a single room?
There's someone else here.
What?
These cigarette butts have no lipstick residue on them.
And the filter is still a little wet.
You're right! Is this true?
Is it?
Stop it, Seiji!
Get out of here!
Th-this guy's the stalker?
I told you that woman cheated on him!
We expressly told you not to take your son with you.
Aaa...
Yes, but he's here because tomorrow he's going on a bike ride with his friends,
and the meeting point is right here, at the hotel.
All right, show us your bike.
-I've got it right here. -I've got it right here.
Look. It's a street bike.
It's a street bike.
Mrs. Hino, why did you keep us in the dark about your son being here?
B-because I thought

that the woman had called the police to arrest him.
Now we want to know exactly what you did
and where you were between 10 and 11 o'clock at night.
I had drinks with the mother.
If you don't believe it, see for yourself.
We were at the bar on the top floor of the hotel.
"Akiho Kokubu was murdered today
in the room of lawyer Eri Kisaki."
"There are 3 suspects."
"The husband of the Akiho, in Takehiko Kokubu."
"The man who stalked her, in Seiji Hino."
"And her mother, the Midori Hino."
"The killer of the Akiho Kokubu is one of these 3 people."

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
"Oh! There's something under the pillow."
"A gift?"
They must go from less to more.
Expectations...
Oh!
Soc unable to find the key to solving this case at once.
"Come on, since this only happens once a year,
we'll let Mr. Mouri shine."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Worst Birthday, (Part Two) '."

