"In the wallet of Mr. Mouri,
Ran, find the receipt for a 50,000 yen necklace."
"It is most likely a gift for his mother.
"Lawyer Eri Kisaki,
"who is a year ago on October 10."
"La Ran again proves she has very good luck at raffles,
and wins a hotel night for two."
"After a few days, the three of us have dinner together....
in a luxury restaurant of luxury of a hotel of the coast."
"Mr. Mouri, who doesn't seem too keen to give her the gift,
gets drunk and falls asleep."
"Eri Kisaki sulks and goes back to his room."
"Shortly before midnight, the Ran makes a desperate attempt
for Mr. Mouri to give the gift to his mother."
"But when we enter the room,
we find the body of a murdered woman lying on the floor."
"The victim's name was Akiho Kokubu and, thanks to lawyer Kisaki,
she was about to reach a settlement with a man who was harassing her."
"When the Eri Kisaki had entered the room, the corpse was gone,
but when she came out of the shower she found it lying on the floor."
"It seems that the murderer would have moved the bed
and hid underneath, next to the victim."
"Finally, with the help of Inspector Yokomizo," he said,
"We began questioning all the people in the hotel
who had any connection with the Akiho."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"This time in Kogoro works awake
and Ran's wish is fulfilled."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The worst birthday" (part two)
What?
My wife?
Who... who was it?
And why?
We don't know, but we are investigating.
Mr. Kokubu, explain to us why you didn't go to look for your wife.
I called him and told him I was on my way there,
but she started screaming like crazy and told me she wouldn't open the door.
And why did you two have a fight?
Well, it was... because...
That's why, right? Huh?
Model cars.
I've loved cars since I was a little kid.
And putting them in a row relaxes me.
And how do you know, they've been fighting over these cars?
That's why here.
It's a broken mirror that must be from some car.
A lover of miniature cars would be more careful.
-Was it his wife? -Yes.
She told me she's fed up with my toys and threw them on the floor.
Tell me, of all these, which is your favorite?
Ah, yes.
What I like the most is the car of the actor James Dean.
-This Porsche... (woman) What do you say, now!
Is she dead?
Yes, I always thought...
that one of the fools that this woman had lured..,
would sooner or later end up killing her.
(Drains his throat)
We've checked that you spoke to the victim on the phone a while ago.
Yes, I wanted to talk to the lawyer...
to ask her if we could make some progress
the time of the negotiation tomorrow
and that bad bitch picked up the phone.
And why did you want to change it, the time of the negotiation?
Because I'm meeting a friend of mine to play golf.
Oh, my goodness...
First she negotiates the compensation and then she goes to play golf.
There's someone else here.
What?
These butts have no lipstick residue on them.
And the filter's still a little damp.
You're right! Is this true?
Stop it, Seiji!
Get out of here!
-This guy is the stalker? -This guy is the stalker?
-That woman tricked him!
We expressly told her not to take your son with you.
Yes, but he's here for a bike ride with his friends tomorrow,

and the meeting point is right here at the hotel.
All right, show us your bike.
-I've got it right here. -It's-- Huh?
Look at this.
It's a street bike.
Now we want to know exactly what you did
and where you were between 10:00 and 11:00 at night.
I had drinks with the mother.
If you don't believe it, see for yourself.
We were in the bar on the top floor of the hotel.
The mother and the son have been having drinks at the bar
between nine and twelve o'clock at night.
Yes.
And they left the bar once to go to the bathroom.
First the son and then the mother,
and that means they haven't been able to move the bed between the two of them.
Well, it's getting pretty late, now.
We'll continue the case first thing in the morning.
Ah, perfect.
And where am I supposed to sleep, me?
Huh?
I could sleep in Mr. Mouri's room.
-At last, they're married. -Yes, and separated, too.
(snoring)
(Thinking) "I knew we'd end up like this."
"There's something under the pillow."
"A present? But it's October 11th now."
"Why didn't you give it to him before, it was the 10th?"
October 10 is the mother's birthday.
I'll win the red ribbon and give it to her as a gift.
(Shinichi voice) Did she think that...?
If they go up, they can't go down.
They must go from less to more.
Expectations...
(Thinking) "Go up and down? Or go down and go up?"
"Sure, I get it!"
"This is what the killer used to move the bed."
"He did it alone, with no help from anyone."
Come on, please!
For once we can have breakfast together,
like an ordinary family, why are you sitting at different tables?!
Daughter, I went down to breakfast first.
The man with the moustache came down after me
and decided to sit at another table.
I'm sorry, I didn't notice.
I have too many things on my mind today.
For example, now I have to prove my wife's innocence,
who is a murder suspect.
Gee, Father... Ran, don't let me kid you.
Who knows what's in this guy's head.
Mother!
(Thinking) "Oh, he's looking at the watch."
"And now take a look at the present."
"Maybe it's getting close to the time to give it to him?"
"I suppose now he'll stop and say something nice to her."
"Well, then, he'd better go to sleep and solve the case quickly."
"And then let him do what he wants with the gift. MHM?"
Crap.
Right at the worst time.
Soc unable to find the key to solving this case at once.
"Come on, like this only happens once a year,
we'll let Mr. Mouri shine."
"MHM?"
Look, the cook is carrying another tray on the buffet.
Huh? Unbelievable.
Ten weighs a lot, but the cart can be moved by one person.
But don't you see?
He can move it because it has wheels.
One person can... Eh?
Because it has wheels...
Let's see?
What's down here? I'll show you.
Ah, they're sausages!
They're good!
Conan!
What have you done? Oops... the ketchup.
No problem, I'll go to the kitchen and bring another one.
(Mouri) Wow...
Wow, the cart has left a row of ketchup stains.
How come all the stains are at the same distance?
That's easy.
I'll tell you right now.
The wheel has been stained with ketchup and, as it turns,
the marks it leaves on the floor are the same distance apart.
(He thinks) "Wait a minute.... These marks, where did I see them?"
"Sure! I know how he did it." (Thinks) "He finally figured it out."
Ran!
Call in Yokomizo! What?
Have him gather the suspects
in the room where the crime was committed.
Ah, that means... Yes, I've figured it out.
The locked room trick and the murderer who pulled it off.
Let the show of deductions begin!
(Yokomizo) Excuse me, Mr. Mouri.
I know it took us a long time to get here.
Your daughter tracked us down right away, this lightning,
but then it turned out
that our suspects had already left the hotel.
Why have we been summoned here?
I thought we told them everything.
We may have explained everything, but we are still suspects.
What the hell do they want?
At the time of the crime, between ten and eleven o'clock at night,
my son and I had an alibi!
We were having drinks in the bar on the top floor!

Yes, but they both left for a moment to go to the bathroom.
Yes, separately.
And it was only ten minutes of nothing.
We were told that the body
had turned up in the lawyer's room.
As far as I remember, when she came back to the room, at 11:00 p.m.,
there was no body.
According to the lawyer, the victim's body appeared around twelve o'clock,
when she came out of the shower and opened the door to Mr. Mouri.
This is a murder in a locked room!
It is true.
As you know, the door closes automatically...
and cannot be opened without the card.
If my wife had been here, she would have been able to open the door for me,
but when you came back you saw that she wasn't, right?
-No.
It was in this room.
-Your wife," he said, "what?
They had killed her and hid her under the bed.
-Huh? -What was under the bed?
It can't be.
While Eri was taking a shower,
the killer moved the bed and left the corpse in plain sight.
And then he left the room without anyone seeing him.
-You say he moved the bed? -How can this be?
Just a moment, please.
What's the matter with him?
How come he doesn't do his usual?
-The usual? -Yes, you know what I mean.
-Yeah, the usual.
I-I don't understand anything.
One thing: can you explain to us how you moved it, the bed?
Yes, of course.
While I was out of the room,
the killer could have killed Akiho
and could have moved the bed to hide the corpse.
If he had then laid down next to the victim,
I probably would not have noticed that they were under the bed.
When I returned and went into the shower,
I could have moved the bed back to leave the body in plain view,
before leaving the room without making a sound.
But one person alone can't move a bed that big
without leaving paw marks in the carpet.
I left the Akiho sleeping in my bed.
Assuming her husband had come looking for her and killed her,
he alone would not have been able to move the bed.
As for the two of you,
you also knew that the Akiho was in my room,
and between the two of you you could have easily moved the bed.
But at the time of the crime
you were not together down here at any time;
so it can't be either of you.
Knowing this, how could they have moved the bed?
And, above all, who did it, detective?
He did it by putting wheels under the bed.
-Oh!
Wheels?
-I get it!
Seiji had a bicycle.
He moved the bed with the wheels of the bike.
-With the wheels?
But how did he do it?
-He forgot about the bicycle.
The killer used some toys that could be put under the bed.
You mean the miniature cars? Yes, that's right.
A single person can lift up each corner of the bed
and place a miniature car under each leg.
Thanks to the wheels,
you only need to push it and it will be able to move without any problem.
And who is a fan of miniature cars?
In Takehiko!
It was you!
The proof are the small blood stains at regular intervals
on the carpet next to the leg of the bed.
They were made by the toy car
when it rolled over the big bloodstain.
I guess you've gotten rid of the cars by now, haven't you?
Hey, Mr. Mouri.
If I had put the toy cars under the legs of the bed,
when I pushed it to move it, they would have slipped.
That's true. (Think) "Mr. Mouri, think a little."
You really like these cars, don't you?
If I had done what Mr. Mouri says, they would have broken.
When he showed them to me yesterday, I noticed he was very proud.
Tell me, of all these, which is your favorite?
Ah, yes.
What I like the most is the car of the actor James Dean.
This Porsche.
The car that James Dean drove, a Porsche 911.
A Porsche 911?
But the car that James Dean drove was...
...the Porsche 550 Spyder, a convertible.
Of course, if it was a convertible,
the leg could fit through the hole in the seats.
Yeah, right, and that would give it stability.
That's why he couldn't show Conan the Porsche 550 Spyder.
Because, when he snapped the bed leg in,
the seats broke.
But he killed it,

Why didn't he leave the room and leave the body in plain sight?
Because, if the Eri returned and discovered the corpse immediately, he would be the prime suspect,
he would be the prime suspect,
because shortly before he had told her that he would come looking for his wife.
And that's why after killing her
he locked the door so that it wouldn't close,
he went to look for his toy cars,
and put them under the legs of the bed to move it.
If he could make it all look like an impossible crime,
they wouldn't suspect you.
But... if the lawyer hadn't gone to take a shower,
all that stuff they say wouldn't have worked.
Yes, exactly.
I would have been very lucky, no doubt.
Are you saying that I hid under the bed because I knew she was taking a shower?
Yes, you're right.
Something like that would only be done by a madman.
Or someone who'd already had a few drinks.
Why do you say that? Speaking of drinking alcohol...
When Mr. Mouri comes home drunk, he always does the same thing.
"Ran, bring me a glass of water."
This is true, but... What does it have to do with murder?
When we drink alcohol, we get thirsty afterwards,
because the metabolism of alcohol makes us dehydrated.
When I called him,
I told him I was going to be back in the room at eleven o'clock at night.
And you would think I was going to have a few drinks.
That's why you stocked my minibar with carbonated beverages
and shook out all the cans.
Then, when I opened one,
the liquid splashed all over me and I had to go take a shower.
And one last thing: since we haven't found the murder weapon yet, why don't you examine the ashtray?
why don't you examine the ashtray in room 309,
which is where Mr. Takehiko was staying until a few hours ago?
In all the rooms of the hotel there is the same model of ashtray.
I think he hit and killed the Akiho
with the ashtray that was in this room
and then switched it with his to throw the police off the scent.
"Shortly thereafter the luminol shows traces of blood on
the ashtray in 309."
"It is the blood of the Akiho."
"In Takehiko collapses and confesses that he killed her,
and that the motive was the miniature cars."
"When he met in Takehiko,
Akiho was a racing car stewardess."
"He told her that he shared her hobby, and soon after they got married."
"Last night the Akiho confessed to him that it was a lie
and that she had told him she wanted to marry a rich man."
"But, for Takehiko, the straw that broke the camel's back....
were the Akiho's last words."
By the way, have you already guessed what it means....
the birthday present I gave you?
Ah, yes.
The 550 Spyder.
It was the favorite car of a big movie star.
A car you can only buy if you're rich.
It means I only married you for your money.
And when you die, I'll inherit your fortune.
That was an enverinat gift.
Yes.
I wouldn't want it for myself.
-Well, I'd rather have that than nothing.
En-Mm?
Well, then, I'm going home.
What?
You're not sleeping at the hotel tonight?
It's almost eleven.
That's all right.
I've already had a cab called.
See you soon.
-Don't wander off. -Mm?
There's still an hour left on the birthday.
Why don't you and I celebrate alone?
We'll send Ran and the kid to another room...
and remember when you and I used to love each other.
For you.
A little present.
I know you're a grown-up,
but I guess you still look forward to birthday presents, don't you?
One question: who's birthday is today?
But isn't it your birthday?
Today is Sports Day!
-What? -What?
Hey, isn't it true that Sports Day used to be celebrated on October 10th?
Eh... you're right.
But now it's always celebrated on the second Monday of October.
What?
What?!
You only remember mother's birthday
because it coincides with Sports Day?
Of course I do!
When we were little, at competitions you always told me the same thing:
"I can't lose today because it's my birthday!"
(Think) "Since the weather is still good on October 10,
the schools always organize sports competitions."
What a disaster.
I've driven expectations down and expectations up.
And it hasn't done me any good.
Down and up?

Is that why you misbehaved with the mother?
"Her expectations were low enough as it was."
In this case, I consider it a spoil of war...
and I gladly accept it.
My turkey detective.

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
"And the next day..."
Your father is a scoundrel!
I just opened the gift.
I thought it was a necklace and it's a prayer bracelet!
"Is it a hint because he wants me to die?"
No, the manager of the Poirot cafe asked him to buy it for him.
It seems to me that the father got the wrong package.
Mm?
Oh.
Eh?
The necklace!
(thinks) "You're hopeless, Mr. Mouri."
The home of a person who makes aquariums.
(Genta) How cool!
Look, Ay!
Look what beautiful fish!
Suppose that, while bathing, he fell asleep and drowned.
(Think) "If Mr. Nishida died on Friday night,
I'm surprised the tail hasn't dried yet."
"Don't miss the next episode: 'A house with an aquarium'!"

