Let me explain again:
who is this gentleman we are going to see and why is he important?
Mr. Nishida is a very famous aquarium designer.
I am sure that the aquariums he has in his home will impress you.
What?
What are "sequaris"?
And, most importantly, are they eaten, these things?
They are called "aquariums" and they are giant fish tanks.
Mr. Nishida's job is to design these fish tanks.
Oh!
Well, it will be a very curious and very interesting job.
What will your house be like?
I'm really looking forward to seeing it.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"In the aquarium house, even the fish are scared."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The aquarium house"
(Door bell)
(Doorbell)
Maybe he's gone.
I would be very surprised.
We agreed that he would come to see you today at 12 o'clock.
-Good morning, Dr. Agasa. -Wow!
Good morning, Mr. Imuris.
Long time no see!
Oh!
He's not here, Mr. Nishida?
No, and I'm very surprised,
because we agreed that we would come to visit his house.
Ah!
And that's why he came with these nice children, right?
Hello.
I'm Mr. Imuris, Mr. Nishida's assistant.
How do you do?
I'm sure you had to go out and buy something.
Luckily, I always carry a copy of the key.
-That's it.
Endavant. -Oh.
How nice!
Thank you very much, Mr. Imuris.
I see you're dressed like a tourist.
Coming back from a trip, perhaps?
What a view you have, Dr. Agasa!
I just arrived from Guam.
I couldn't sleep tonight so I could catch the plane to Tokyo.
I'm dead sleepy.
(Genta) Oh!
(Genta) Beastly!
-That's impressive. Look, a pirate ship.
(Genta) Oh!
How strange, this fish with the pointed nose!
Yes, it's a tropical fish.
It's called "long snout butterfly fish" and it lives in the Caribbean waters.
-Oh, really? -Does it really live in the Caribbean?
And what is that?
Here's a fish with so many stripes it looks like a zebra.
Ah.
This is a puffer fish that lives in the Indian Ocean.
Oh!
I like Indian Ocean eels very much.
Oh, how beautiful!
Oh!
What are these black fish?
They are clown fish, maybe?
Yes, and these live in the waters of Australia.
Oh!
Have you seen what beautiful fish this man has?
Of course he has!
They're as beautiful as jewels.
Are you getting romantic?
I can't believe it.
I'd like to know how much electricity he pays every month
to be able to maintain these aquariums.
But aren't they like living jewels? Please, Ay!
Oysters!
There are no fish in this aquarium.
It is very strange.
(Genta: call)
What is it, Genta?
What have you done, already?
-(Genta: the teulada has come unstuck.) -Wait.
I'll fix it.
This glue takes a long time to dry.
So, it's better if you don't touch the model.
-D'acord: It's already fixed.
Would you like some chocolates that I brought from Guam?
Glove chocolates?
Are they for your hands?
-From Guam.
It's an island, that.
I-I want chocolates.
Whoever wants them, go wash your hands.
-Me! -Me!
How big, the sink! -And nice, too.
Oh!
Aaaaah!
Wow!
Hey, what happened?
Co-Conan, look.
-Mr. Nishida! It's true!
It can't be true.
-How is he?
Is he well? -Yes, he's fine.
-Mr. Imuris, call an ambulance. - Right away.
There's nothing to be done.
This man is dead.
Call the police, too.
(Imuris) What?
(Thinking) "Oh, look! It looks like he's got an insect bite on his neck."

"It's very strange."
"Oh! What's that?"
Ah! Child, you can't be here.
Let me be.
Oh! Oh, come on, get out of here.
Go on, get out of here. No!
You want to leave me?
They said that today around 12.30
Mr. Nishida's body was found in this bathtub.
Is that so? Yes, that's right.
And what does the coroner say? There are no external injuries.
Death was by drowning.
From the rigidity of the corpse,
Mr. Nishida must have died during the night from Friday to Saturday.
Let's see, if today is Sunday, that means he's been dead for two days.
There are a couple of bottles of alcohol
and an empty glass on the desk in the office.
That means he must have been drinking before he took a bath.
If he got drunk,
maybe he fell asleep while he was bathing and that's why he drowned, right?
Maybe he did.
Mr. Nishida did strange things.
I say that because if it's true that when he took a bath it was nighttime,
he didn't turn on the light in the sink
and, therefore, he must have wanted to bathe in the dark.
Yes, it is true.
If he bathed during the night of Friday,
this lamp should have been left on.
Hey, you!
And here I see another really strange thing.
This thing with the fingertips must be glue, right?
Well, yeah, it sure looks like it.
Hey, hey!
Wait, Conan.
Where are you going?
Making these miniatures is a very delicate job.
We've already seen that they even put the glue with a syringe.
So, if Mr. Nishida had glued this model,
it means he had very good hand control.
Oh!
Well, you're right, kid.
If he had been drunk, there's no way he could have made it so difficult.
This detail casts doubt on our theory.
Have Mr. Nishida's blood tested to see how much alcohol he drank.
to find out how much alcohol he drank.
Okay, we need to know the amount of alcohol in his blood.
We need the amount of alcohol in the victim's blood.
Understood.
We also need to confirm Mr. Imuris's alibi
because he has a copy of the key.
Yes, that's right.
Forgive the question, Mr. Imuris,
but we need to know where it was Friday night.
But it was not an accident?
Relax, it's just a formality.
Very well.
Friday night was far away,
because I went on a trip to Guam.
Friday and Saturday night I went to a shooting range.
I'm sure they still have my file there.
Tell us when this trip started and ended, please.
I left Thursday afternoon
and this morning I arrived at Tokyo airport.
If you look at my passport, you will see that I cleared customs this morning.
Tingui.
Thank you.
Yes, I see that you left Guam Saturday night.
Thank you for your cooperation. (Ayumi) You couldn't touch it.
You mean the tail isn't dry by now?
(Ayumi) Oh!
Genta, you're scary!
(Ayumi) It's true.
Haven't you heard that they said that it took a long time to dry?
I don't know how long it can take for this glue to dry.
I don't know, but it's a special glue for aquariums...
that dries under water.
I'm sure it takes at least 12 hours to dry.
"12 hours?"
"The glue on the fingertips isn't even dry yet."
"I just saw it now."
"If Mr. Nishida died on Friday night,
it's strange that the tail is still not dry today."
Ouch, ouch!
Conan, come take a look at this.
Ayumi, what's wrong? All the shrimp are dead.
What?
When we looked at this aquarium, there was nothing.
Oh!
These shrimp are to check the water quality.
If they die, it means it is not good.
See: in this aquarium there are also shrimp, but these are different.
They have white legs and some spots.
I am sure that the water in each aquarium has different characteristics.
That's why the shrimp they put in are also different.
"Maybe..."
Oh!
Hey, Ayumi, have you seen those tiny jellyfish?
Eh?
That's right, they're baby jellyfish.
Jellyfish?
Eh?
"Sure. Now I understand everything."
"All the pieces fit together."
"I already have all the clues to solve the case."
Inspector, we already have the results of the first analysis.
It's yet to be confirmed,
but it appears that Mr. Nishida's blood contained 0.4% alcohol.
0.4% alcohol?

With such a high percentage,
the victim almost certainly lost consciousness.
And another thing:
the fingerprints on the bottles are the victim's.
Our theory is confirmed:
first Mr. Nishida drank until he got drunk
and then he took a bath,
but lost consciousness and drowned.
An unfortunate accident.
I guess so.
Poor teacher!
I had been telling him for a long time not to drink so much.
-In the end, it killed him. (Agasa) One moment, please.
(Agasa) What?
It's not true that Mr. Nishida got drunk before he died.
No? What?
(Agasa's voice) On Mr. Nishida's neck there's a little dot.
it looks like an insect bite but, in reality,
it's a mark left by an injection.
(Agasa voice) "The killer snuck into this room,
"where Mr. Nishida was building the model...
and before he saw it, he slept with some substance."
"And then he used a syringe
"To force alcohol directly into his bloodstream
with an injection that he stuck in his neck."
(Agasa voice) His aim was
that when the forensic experts did the blood tests, they would find a very high amount of alcohol in his blood,
they would find a very high amount of alcohol
that would make them think that the man had been drunk.
"He then undressed Mr. Nishida, who was unconscious,
and put him in the bathtub and drowned him."
Isn't that right, Mr. Imuris?
What?
Why are you asking me?
Confess, Mr. Imuris.
I know that you are the murderer who killed Mr. Nishida.
-Explain how you do it.
That's not true.
On Friday night, when Mr. Nishida died, I was in Guam.
Bullshit.
Because I know that Mr. Nishida did not die on Friday night,
but before.
Surely you killed him Thursday, before you left for Guam.
In fact, you left him to have an alibi.
The mistake of not leaving the light on was the one that uncovered it.
Since when you committed the murder it was daylight
and there was a lot of light coming in through the bathroom window,
she didn't think to turn on the light.
He made it all up.
What didn't you sense he was saying, the police?
Mr. Nishida died on Friday night.
You wanted to fool us all with a trick:
You cooled the corpse so we wouldn't know the time of death.
Oh, you are going to cool the corpse?
The detail that made me see was the tail of the fingertips.
This tail dries under water,
but the time it takes for it to dry varies
depending on the temperature of the water.
Since he wanted to make it look like death had been later,
he cooled the corpse and the glue has not dried.
It is true that if a corpse is cooled,
the alterations take longer to occur.
What I don't understand is how he did it to cool the corpse.
Before explaining how he did it,
I should talk about the differences between the aquariums in this house.
Of the aquariums?
Let me start by asking the children a question.
Eh?
In the aquarium where the miniature pirate ship is located
lives a fish called "long-snouted butterfly fish".
Do you know how these two details are related?
Who can tell me?
I don't know.
I do not know.
And why in the aquarium where you have seen the Indian Ocean puffer fish
there is a miniature reproduction of the famous Taj Mahal?
I think I already know:
every aquarium has a model of some object or building
that has to do with the sea where the fish live there.
Ah!
I know why there is a boat in the butterfly fish aquarium.
The ship is from the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean" and the fish are from the Caribbean.
and the fish are from the Caribbean.
And the Taj Mahal is a very famous building in India.
So it is in the aquarium where the fish from the Indian Ocean live.
So, in the aquarium of the pyramid live fish from the desert?
Don't be a hake.
There live fish from the Red Sea, which is next to Egypt.
And the building of the Sydney Opera House is in the aquarium
where the fish that live in the waters around Australia live.
Yes, of course, it's true.
And here, in this aquarium where there is no model,
was the one of the Sapporo clock tower.
What?
From Sapporo?
This means that the fishes that were supposed to be in this aquarium

were not tropical,
but from the waters around the island of Hokkaido;
probably from the Sea of Okhotsk, which is very cold.
Maybe so.
But, hey, what's all this got to do with this case, kid?
Touch the aquarium glass and you'll understand.
How cold! It's ice water.
(Agasa voice) The Sea of Okhotsk lies between Russia and northern Japan,
so the fish that live there are accustomed
to a really very low, freezing water temperature.
Therefore, in this aquarium there must be a cooling device?
that lowers the water temperature.
Wow!
This must be it.
Surely, and it must be the device that Mr. Imuris used...
to cool the water in the bathtub where the corpse lay.
So he wanted to make it look as if the death had occurred less time ago.
Is this true?
Inside this aquarium, you will find evidence...
that the device was used to cool the bath water.
Oh! What's this in the water?
It's a lens.
That's right.
I'm sure it's one of Mr. Nishida's contact lenses.
The contact lens case in the sink is empty;
there are no contact lenses.
And I have an explanation as to why this contact lens exists in the aquarium.
"I believe that Mr. Imuris
"He actually arrived this morning from Guam,
but he came to the house before we arrived."
"He came because he wanted to return to the aquarium the refrigeration apparatus
that he had left in the bathtub to cool the carcass."
"But he didn't realize
"That one of the contact lenses had fallen out of Mr. Nishida's eye
and had become stuck to the coil of the apparatus."
"Later, when he had reinstalled the cooling apparatus in the aquarium.
"So that no one would know that he had cooled the bath water,
the lens came off and floated in the water."
I know all this because there is a detail
that proves that the temperature of the aquarium water has risen
since you removed the device:
all the cold water shrimp died.
This is not true.
I did not come to this house this morning.
I arrived here at the same time you did, Dr. Agasa.
Don't you remember what happened to the newspapers when you opened, Mr. Imuris?
With the newspapers?
"When you opened the garden gate for us,
"The mailbox was full of newspapers of the last few days,
but you didn't find anything strange."
And you didn't find it strange that you already knew
that Mr. Nishida had been dead for days.
You wanted to make it seem that you and we
that you and we met at the door by chance,
but you did it expressly
the children were the ones who found the body.
This is all a lie.
You made it all up.
You can't prove anything!
Oh, can't you?
Now I'll prove everything.
Mr. Tome, would you be so kind as to do the test...
that Conan asked you for a while ago, please?
-Right now. -Oh!
It reacts with gunpowder.
Does it react with gunpowder?
I'll tell you:
when you fire any firearm,
it spreads gunpowder in all directions
and sticks to the surrounding surfaces.
This gunpowder reacts with nitrous acid and turns red.
Ah, that's right.
You told us yourself that last night, before you left Guam,
you went for target practice at a gunnery range, didn't you?
"When the cooling apparatus in the aquarium came back on,
I'm sure you scrubbed the clothes you're wearing right now."
If I may...
Wow!
What a mess!
I thought I had it all figured out!
Your alibi has become the proof of the crime.
Why did you kill Mr. Nishida?
Why did you kill Mr. Nishida?
I thought he respected his teacher.
Until 5 years ago he did.
He was a truly extraordinary aquarium designer.
And so I really respected him.
And now I don't?
Why is that?
What happened?
My teacher ran out of ideas for aquariums.
He had run out of inspiration.
That's why all the projects he signed during the last 5 years,
I actually did them.
-Really? -Yes.
I played Mr. Nishida's nigger.
But I didn't know anything serious.

I didn't mind living in the shadow of a man who had been a genius
because I could design what I wanted and what I liked.
That's why I still respected Mr. Nishida.
But then he started discovering younger designers
and passing on to them the jobs I would have had to do.
I couldn't forgive him.
I had stood by his side when he needed help
and he had dispensed with me without a care in the world.
And since he had decided to abandon me,
I wanted to make him disappear without anyone being able to accuse me,
but it didn't work out.
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

(Ayumi) They were beautiful, all the fish!
I was amazed.
And that giant shark was cattle.
The school of sardines impressed me.
Wow!
Speaking of sardines, I'm a little hungry.
Well, now that you mention it...
It's already two o'clock.
No wonder we're all hungry.
Do you want to go get something to eat?
Hurray!
Let's see, what would you like for lunch?
-I'll have eel. I'll have sashimi.
No, we'll have sushi.
"Oysters, you!"
"Now I'd rather eat the fish you said were so pretty?"
"What a face!"
They call him Rooster Man
because he only performs as part of the Rooster Festivals, finding bags.
"A simple Rooster Man is not worth it."
And you, what were you doing here?
They came to look for an oracle of love.
"New?"
"Not rooster, monkey."
"New. What does that mean?"
Don't miss the next episode:
"The promise of the rooster, the monkey and the rake (part one)."

