(Male) One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight,
nine, ten, eleven, twelve...
I give up.
(At the same time) Oss.
(Woman) I see you're in shape, as always.
Kazumi!
What are you doing here?! I came to move around a bit.
I've only been studying for days.
Do you want to do some sparring with me, Ran?
Yes, it'd be my pleasure.
Do you plan to go all out? Of course I do.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"The Rooster Man appears in the shrines, and with him,
the mystery of the nine monkeys."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The promise of the rooster, the monkey and the rake (part one)."
(Conversations)
(Mouri) Oh, oh!
God-have-do, what a handful of stops there are!
And there are charms to give and sell.
Of course, it's the Festival del Gallo.
It's the first time I come, and I didn't make it so spectacular.
By the way, what kind of amulets have you come to buy?
Usually, they are to make business go well.
What?!
Ah, well...
No!
It's for the karate competition where Ran is performing.
Yes, that's right.
It's for helping me win.
What's that?
It's also for that, the amulets that come here?
Oh, so much! Mm?
A long time ago, Prince Takeru Yamato won a battle...
and went to make an offering at a shrine
to give thanks to the gods.
This was on Rooster Day, in November.
The prince leaned his weapon against a pine tree at the shrine
and, as a result, the Rooster Festival was born.
From that day on, it is celebrated by setting up these beautiful markets.
Caram, Conan!
You are really well informed!
Yes.
And there are many more stories, related to Rooster Day...
and with the appearance of Bodhisattva.
And there are also those who say that the Festival of the Rooster
was started by the peasants,
in honor of the arrival of the harvest.
That is why the rake became an amulet for business and for winning battles.
and also for winning battles.
Where did you feel all this, on television?
Yes, on the news.
Ran! What?
I've already found it, come! Oh!
We're at the Ranburi shrine, and here they are:
the love oracles!
These oracles are only during the Rooster Festival,
and they tell you exactly
the kind of girl that the boy you like
thinks is ideal for him.
You take it to heart.
An oracle is just an oracle.
Don't you know?
Sawako did exactly what the oracle told her to do
and now she's with the guy she liked.
What?!
Really? What the hell should they do, that pair?
What the hell should they do, that pair? I don't know...
Great, great!
I got my oracle!
Come on..., let's see what's Kyogoku's ideal girl?
Shinichi's- Shinichi's ideal girl is...
Come to think of it, he already told me once.
I also want to tell you to tell you all sorts of things,
and ask you a question.
So, wait a moment.
Shinichi...
I-I also gather that it's very likely...
that you want to ask me exactly the same question as me.
(Thinking) "Shinichi..., what I want to ask you is whether you love me."
"And if you want to ask me the same question as I do, it means....
that maybe... maybe..."
"My God! That's what I thought!"
What?
That you're not going to open it? I'll open it when I get home.
What are you saying?! What are you doing?!
Let's see what it says? Wait, wait, wait!
What is Shinichi's ideal girl?
"If you want to be able to win the heart
of this nervous, old-fashioned boy,
you'll have a much better chance if you're a traditional Japanese girl.
It's forbidden to be too determined!

Being elegant and refined will help you get closer to that person".
You've heard that!
But do you mean that-that it's true?
that he says that... that he's a nervous, old-fashioned guy?
So true.
Shinichi is always very attentive to details,
and that means he's a nervous person.
Oh, right.
And he's not really interested in fashion either.
Maybe he's just a little old-fashioned.
By the way, I'll have you know...
you've just officially admitted that you like Shinichi.
Hey, what are you thinking?
If only...!
Yes, yes... At home you'll finish reading at your leisure.
And you'll know who your detective's ideal girl is.
Mm-hm.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
My purse!
Ran, for this thief!
"Forbidden to be too determined!"
You should have stopped him with one of your karate chops!
Yeah...
Anyway, the important thing is that he didn't hurt you.
Besides, he wasn't carrying much of anything of value either.
-What... what happened?! -What happened?! - Nothing, my purse was stolen.
Someone cut the strap with a knife and stole it.
Yes, but the thief was wearing a mask.
A mask? Yes, Hyottoko's.
De-de Hyottoko?
It was on the news last week!
(Man) "The Rooster Man has performed at a Rooster Festival again."
"He already did so at the Rooster Festival
which was held at Sunde Shrine,
"and yesterday he returned to the same edition of this festival...
which was held at the Ranburi shrine."
"He did it with the same mask, a Hyottoko mask,
and in the same manner."
"The festival-goers were in for quite a scare
at the attack of this recidivist tallabosses,
the so-called Rooster Man,
who, sooner or later, is likely to strike again."
"The police intend to increase the number of personnel for the
ahead of the Rooster Festival at the end of this month."
Right.
But in the Tokyo area alone, there are almost 30 shrines that hold the Rooster Festival.
that hold the Rooster Festival.
And in the Kanto region there must be about 50.
I don't know how they'll catch her... Well, you know what Sonoko told me?
That she's very determined to go to the next Rooster Festival
that will be held at the Ranburi shrine to take revenge.
What?
And how can she be so sure that she will appear there again?
I don't know, but she seemed very convinced.
She thinks that he will come back and she must think that he will be able to unmask.
(Shinichi: think) "It's possible, but as a rule,
a delinquent doesn't usually reappear where he has already acted."
Great!
You guys go then.
I'll stay here.
I'm not in the mood for a fuss.
What?! (Shinichi: thinks) "Sure."
"A mere Rooster Man isn't worth it."
(Conversations)
Ran!
How are you dressed?
How come you're wearing a skirt?
Ah...
I'm wearing it because it's a little colder today.
Ah, but you're also... you're also a lot more dressed up than usual.
Are you sure about that?
Let's leave it alone.
Come on, we've come to take revenge!
But you know where he is, the Rooster Man?
No!
I mean we take another oracle!
Ah, y-you mean the oracle?
(Shinichi: think) "He wanted to take revenge on the oracle of love?"
I'm going to get a good one this time!
(Shinichi: thinks) "What's the point of doing it this way?"
(Woman) Aaah!
The Rooster Man!
He has appeared again!
Really?! Has it been the Rooster Man?
What's this backpack doing here on the ground?
It's the Rooster Man's.
He threw it to us, so we wouldn't chase him, I guess.
And did anyone see where he went? He ran off into the park.
Conan, what are you doing?
Hey, Sonoko, is this the bag he stole from you?
Ah!
Yes, yes, this is it!
(Shinichi: thinks) "So, it was himself, not a copycat."
"Mm?"
"There's blood on the strap of the backpack!"
(Conan voice) He was running away.
Did anyone see where he was coming from?
Yeah, I did.
From over there, where there's that whole group of people.
Look to calm down.
Are you in a lot of pain?
Relax, we just called an ambulance.
Hello.
Did you see if she was attacked by the Rooster Man?
Yes, I felt a kind of groan and I immediately looked over here.

And I saw a person wearing a Hyottoko mask
who was running away like a man possessed.
I guess the Rooster Man tried to steal this man's bag,
but when he resisted, he stabbed him with a dagger.
No... it wasn't the Rooster Man.
Was it?
It was a... monkey. (Shinichi: thinks) "A monkey?"
What do you mean?
I don't understand it.
What does it mean, "a monkey"?
Are you sure you haven't been stabbed by the Rooster Man?
I think he's trying to tell us something.
He can't.
(Shinichi: thinks) "New?"
What's wrong with him!
She's fainted! (Shinichi: think) "Not rooster, monkey."
" 'New'. What does this mean?"
" 'New monkey'? What does it mean?"
Of course, they call him Rooster Man because he only performs....
as part of the Rooster Festivals, stealing bags.
The problem is that this time the thing has gone a little further,
and a person didn't die for a little while.
We have identified the victim of the Rooster Man stabbing.
It is a boy named Shiro Masuko, he is from Haido,
he is 21 years old and is currently studying Literature
at Tohti University.
Okay, I understand that he has been taken unconscious to the hospital.
Do we know if he has come to? No, not yet.
We know who he is because we found his bag
inside the Rooster Man's backpack,
and we've been able to identify her from her driver's license.
And do we know how she is?
How is she doing?
She was lucky that the wound was not very deep.
She seems to have lost consciousness due to the shock and, most likely, pain,
most probably because of the pain.
According to the doctor who treated him,
it shouldn't take him long to come to.
Good.
And you, what were you doing here?
We had come to take revenge!
The other day the Rooster Man stole the Sonoko's purse
at this very shrine, during the Rooster Festival.
Exactly, that's why we came here, to take revenge on him!
We were very clever and deduced that he would return to the scene of the crime!
(Shinichi: think) "You can count! If you came to look for another oracle!"
And look, luckily I've already recovered my bag.
It was in the Rooster Man's backpack.
Well, I'm sorry, but it's a test and we can't give it back to you.
So, it's clear to us that it wasn't a Rooster Man impersonator.
Yes.
We've asked all the victims of his robberies
to confirm that these are their belongings.
But all indications are that the assailant who has acted at all the shrines
has always been the same person.
So, for the time being, the only clue we have....
is that the assailant is wearing a Hyottoko mask.
There are more, of pistes.
What?
When everyone was saying that the assailant was the Rooster Man,
the victim herself said it wasn't the Rooster Man.
You said the word "monkey" to us. Mico?
Yes.
And he also raised both hands like this and showed us nine fingers.
The aggressor is more to do with a monkey and the new number.
A monkey, the new one? A monkey, and the new one...
Monkey, new... New monkey?
Maybe it won't stop until it attacks nine people!
Come on, stop this absurd speculation!
What we have to do is to look for more clues.
Inspector!
We've stopped the Rooster Man! What?!
Are you for real?
Yes.
B-but it's not really one, it's three.
There are three?
The people who have been chasing the Rooster Man
saw him go into a toilet,
and they stood outside guard to keep him from coming out,
and they alerted the police.
So, they received the tip-off, they came here....
and when they arrived, they found all these people here..,
around the toilets,
and they say that when they asked the alleged aggressor to come out,
these three individuals behind you came out?
Yes.
All the witnesses interviewed have assured us
that they saw the Rooster Man go into the men's room.
After the three of them came out, we went inside to inspect the washroom,
and on the floor we found a knife,
a jacket and a Hyottoko mask,
which it was obvious that someone had just gotten rid of.
I think it is undeniable
that the Rooster Man has entered the men's room, Inspector.

Besides, according to witnesses, everybody was so scared out here...
that no one dared to enter the bathroom until we arrived.
Therefore, the Rooster Man must be one of these three individuals.
Right on.
All right, well, I want to talk to the three of you separately.
Tell me what you call yourself and why you have come here today.
M-my name is Tatsuo Hino, and I've come to buy this rake.
But-but before I went home I had to go to the bathroom.
I've been having tummy trouble for days.
Look, I even brought the medicine for....
-Confess that it's you, the Rooster Man! What a ?!
It must be him, with that monkey face!
It's true, he does look like a monkey.
Hey, hey!
They're not looking for the Monkey Man, they're looking for the Rooster Man!
But the person he stabbed said...
...he wasn't a rooster, he was a monkey.
Eeeh ?!
But I think he didn't mean the face.
Because the Rooster Man was wearing the Hyottoko mask,
so he couldn't see his face.
No, you are right.
I didn't come to the Festival to shop.
I came to try to get in touch with other gamers.
"Gamers?
What's that? People who play video games.
We get in touch to exchange things.
I thought that since so many people were coming, at the Festival,
I could get in touch with a lot of gamers.
Look, today I was able to get in touch with ten people.
When I went into the bathroom I just confirmed it.
Okay, we'll just have to believe it.
We'll have to believe it.
And what did you tell us your name was?
Actually, you still haven't told us your name.
My name is Hisam Sarukawa.
"Saru" means "monkey"!
It must be him, the Rooster Man!
Sonoko!
No, they don't call me "monkey", but "new".
The first character of Hisam is also read "kyu",
which means "new".
"New"? Yes.
So the victim, before losing consciousness,
uttered the word "monkey" and also mentioned the number new.
Yes, but don't you find it highly unlikely...
that the victim knew the name of the person who assaulted her?
Yes, I do.
Very well, then.
My name is Shinji Mizunoe.
I went into the washroom for a moment
before I went to buy a rake at one of the stops,
a charm for the company where I work.
In fact, I was going to do it the other day, but I couldn't. I went to another Rooster Festival to buy it.
I went to another Rooster Festival to buy a charm,
but the Rooster Man stole the bag I was carrying,
and inside the bag was my wallet.
So, you have also been a victim of the Rooster Man?
Yes, because of him, I've been almost a mess for days...
and I can't go to the restaurant.
I buy food at the supermarket.
I had to do that today too.
I must have the receipt in my pocket, though.
Strange... I thought I kept it here.
Victims we can identify quickly, right?
Yes.
We have everything that was stolen from the Rooster Man's backpack.
In the bag that was stolen, is there anything...
that can identify him, that can prove it's his?
A driver's license, any documentation...?
Indeed, inside the bag that was stolen from me...
I also had the bank book.
It has my name on it,
but the "Shin" is written as in the Jinshin war.
Chiba, go check it right now.
I'll check it right away.
So, you have nothing to do with the monkey or the new number?
Actually, in the Chinese horoscope I am the monkey.
In the Chinese horoscope? (He thinks) "But what does it say, this one?"
"Who's interested, the Chinese horoscope?"
By the way, you guys were also robbed by the Rooster Man...
the other day right here, didn't he?
What kind of amulet did you come here to buy?
The truth is... Cap.
Hay came to look for a love oracle.
What?
A love oracle?
What the hell is that?
They're oracles that can only be found at Rooster Festivals.
Yes.
Look, I must have it in here.
What's that?
There's a button, here, with the coins.
(Thinks) "Where did it come from?"
(Sonoko voice) "Ran, stop this thief!"
-What-what's happened?! - Nothing, my purse was stolen.

It could be that this button would have fallen to the Rooster Man!
(Both) What?!
Do you remember I tripped over the Rooster Man?
Well he must have dropped it and I picked it up off the ground
when I picked up the coins I had dropped,
and I put it in my purse.
Yes, but it could also be that it was already on the ground, the button.
But if it was from the Rooster Man, it would be definitive proof.
If it turns out that one of the three of you has some garment at home
that's missing the button that this girl found,
I think it will be proven that it's the Rooster Man.
Gentlemen, we would like to be able to enter your home...
to make an inspection.
Are all three of you all right? Of course it is.
I don't have any objections.
If you explain it to my mother, it's fine with me.
If I have to stop being suspicious, I'm fine with it.
Takagi, take a picture of the button and send it to the head office.
Have them get on it immediately.
Yes.
(Shinichi: think) "How strange, everything."
"The Ran found a button
which clearly must be the Rooster Man's."
"He has brought it out here, in front of everyone, without anyone expecting it."
"On the other hand, none of the three suspects has even flinched."
"The Rooster Man performs at the Rooster Festivals,
"He always wears the same Hyottoko mask,
and he steals bags, so he's a thief."
"Until now he had not harmed anyone, he had only committed robberies."
"Instead, today he stabbed Shiro Masuko,
a 21-year-old college student, who ended up in the hospital."
"In the backpack that the Rooster Man was carrying
all the items he had previously stolen were found in his backpack."
"Therefore, he was not a copycat."
"And before Masuko lost consciousness,
he left us two messages: 'monkey' and 'number nine'."
"What the hell did he want to tell us?"
"Could it be that, in reality,
Rooster Man is none of the three suspects we have?"
"We're looking at a case...that will be far from easy to solve."
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

(Shinichi: think) "The victim knew the offender,
that's why he said about the monkey and the new number!"
What?
You say you've already figured out who the Rooster Man is?!
Have you been able to solve the riddle of the monkey and the new number?
Something has happened to him.
Ran hasn't picked up the phone for a while.
Don't miss the next episode!
"The promise of the rooster, the monkey, and the rake (part two)"

