"We decided to go to the Rooster Festival at Ranburi Shrine."
"The Ran and Sonoko wanted to go to catch a love oracle,
"a prediction about love
that can only be found at the Rooster Festivals."
"But the love oracles weren't the only one at the festival."
"There was also a thief they call the Rooster Man,
who wears a Hyottoko mask and stole Sonoko's purse."
"Today, the third Rooster Day, we went to the festival again," he said,
"To the same Ranburi shrine, and the Rooster Man appeared again,
who stabbed a boy studying at the university, Shiro Masuko."
"Before he lost consciousness,
Masuko said, 'It wasn't the Rooster Man.
It was a monkey '."
"And then he indicated the number 9 with his fingers."
"What would he want to tell me?"
"From the toilets in the park where the Rooster Man had been hiding,
"3 men came out: Tatsuo Hino,
on Hisam Sarukawa and on Shinji Mizunoe."
"Is it one of those three, the Rooster Man?"
"The Ran has found a button inside his purse.
"Which might have fallen out to the Rooster Man
when he tripped over it on the first day of the Festival."
"That's why the police have decided
to search the homes of the 3 suspects."
"We are facing a case...
that will not be easy to solve."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"A mysterious shadow approaches the Ran
and we solve the mystery of the monkey, the new and the Rooster Man."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The promise of the rooster, the monkey and the rake (part two)."
And now!
So you haven't found anything ?!
You didn't find any garment
missing a button in any of the 3 men's houses?
No, but since we didn't have a search warrant...
we were not able to search thoroughly.
But there were no garments with this type of button.
We also spoke to the relatives of the three men,
but, for starters, no one has missed any piece of clothing.
There is little chance
that it was discarded after the crime was committed.
Yes.
It was probably just a coincidence
that Ran found that button there on the floor.
God-hay-do, what a coincidence!
We've talked to the relatives and they also explained to us
that in Tatsuo Hino on the first day of the Rooster Festival
he went on a trip to Sendai with his family,
at Hisam Sarukawa he was working
when the crimes of the first and second Rooster Day were committed;
and it has also been confirmed to us that Shinji Mizunoe, on the second day,
was on a business trip to Nagasaki.
In addition, on the first day of the festival,
the Rooster Man stole it and he went to file a complaint with the police.
All right, then, this information confirms to us
that none of these 3 persons could have committed the crimes,
neither of the first, nor of the second, nor of the third day of the festival.
Oh, by the way, we have also recently received a call from the hospital.
Shiro Masuko, today's victim, has finally regained consciousness.
Oh, really?
And what did she say? That she didn't remember anything at all.
Neither that she was stabbed by the Rooster Man, nor what she said about the monkey and 9.
Well, that's strange.
(Thinking) "She doesn't remember anything? What does that mean?"
Inspector!
We've found it!
We found the notebook from the Mizunoe's bank to the Rooster Man's bag.
-So it was? -Yes, yes.
But the notebook was inside someone else's bag,
that's why it took us so long to find it.
Someone else's, you say? Yes.
We have asked the victims of the 1st and 2nd Rooster's Day robberies

to come and check their bags,
but most of the stuff inside didn't match.
Come to think of it!
In my bag was a handkerchief I had never seen before.
And the oracle I had kept wasn't there either.
Ah!
You mean that oracle of love?
I've seen it in another bag.
It spoke... of a nervous, old-fashioned boyfriend...
Ee-ee-eeh!
Shut up!
You don't need to tell me what she said!
"Nervous and old-fashioned..."
How come they were mixed up, the stuff in the bags?
Because he must have taken the stuff out of the bags he was stealing...
and then put them back in anyway.
Could be.
And the victims of the thefts on the first and second days
confirmed that these were the bags that were stolen from them?
Yes, we can confirm that the person who acted on all 3 days...
must be the same.
I understand that everything has been cleared up, then.
Yes, and that among all this group of curious people here there is a liar
who has spread the rumor that the Rooster Man had entered the toilets.
Yes, that must be it.
Because it has been more than proven before
that none of the three of us were able to attend
the 3 days of the Rooster Festival.
Hm?
-That means we can go? -We are innocent.
Yes.
And my wife must be worried.
Ah, yes, today you can go.
Let us pass!
Get back!
Get back!
"How strange!"
"Leaving aside the fact
"That whatever was inside the bags was mixed up,
how come he had it all on him in the first place?"
"If he was caught with all that stuff,
it would be irrefutable proof that he was the culprit."
"I'm also intrigued by the reaction the three of them had when the Ran said
that she had found a button that might be Rooster Man's."
"If only one of them was Rooster Man," she said,
"The normal thing is that just the thought that he might have dropped a button,
he would have panicked and started sweating, sweating, sweating."
"Of course, that man was running and sweating."
"That's why he tried to hide it, for fear he'd give it away."
"Wait a minute."
"Even if one of them was the culprit,
there's no way he could have gone to the 3 Rooster Festivals."
"This means that, apart from him, there must be another Rooster Man.
"But... in the backpack he was carrying there were bags
that had been stolen from the three festivals."
"And what's this about the 'monkey' and the 'new'?"
"What does this message mean?"
Hey, Conan, what's wrong with you?
Why are you making this face?
Ah... I was thinking about what the monkey and the new number mean.
The monkey and the number nine? Ho-ho-hello, father!
What are you doing here?
I heard that the Rooster Man had reappeared,
and since I knew you were hanging around here,
I started to worry and came looking for you.
In fact, they kept talking about it on the news.
They also commented on what the guy who stabbed said,
the mystery of the monkey and the new one.
What else could he have been referring to, by "new"?
To... nuts?
Something new?
Not long ago... they built a new baseball stadium.
That could be, but I can't think of any baseball stadium...
that's related to the word "monkey."
There is one that is related.
Koshien Stadium.
The word has the same kanji as "monkey," but it comes from here, the name?
Was there a place called Koshien near the stadium?
Yes, of course, near there is Koshien Station.
No.
Don't be mistaken.
From the station, they called it that because it came to Koshien stadium.
The year they finished building the Koshien stadium...
What's the matter?
What's gotten into you now?
"Sure. That's it."
"The victim knew the assailant,
that's why she said about the monkey and the new number."
Come on, let's go home.
Oh, I didn't remember.
Before I go home I have to stop by the dry cleaners to pick up some clothes.
Come with Conan and Sonoko.
I'll come later.
What?
Can't you go tomorrow to pick it up?
Don't you remember that tomorrow you're going to a friend's wedding?
Oh, my...
Wasn't the dry cleaner's around here?
What do you think?

You have stumbled upon us, and that will cost you dearly.
I-I-I-I'm very sorry. - Oh, yeah?
If it tastes so bad, why don't you give us your wallet?
Don't make that face.
All we want is money to get drunk.
If you don't let it go right now, I'll call the police.
-What? -He-hey!
Did you see, guys?
-One who's a daredevil. -So much so.
And she's also very pretty.
What's that?
Do you want to come and play with us?
"Grr! What did they think...?"
(Sonoko) "If you intend to be able to conquer...
"Conquer this nervous, old-fashioned boy's heart,
you have a much better chance if you're a traditional Japanese girl."
"It's forbidden to show too much determination!"
"Being elegant and refined will help you get closer to that person."
I just wanted to say that it's not okay to commit crimes.
Eh?
- (man) What's she on about, this chick? -Hey, what's going on here?
What's the problem?
Come on, let's hit the field.
-Yes. -Another day keep watch.
Thanks a lot.
You're a lifesaver.
Ah, you're welcome.
"It's forbidden to be too determined!"
"I have to be more refined."
What?!
You say you've already figured out who the Rooster Man is?!
Does this mean that you have been able to solve the riddle of the monkey and the number nine?
what that boy the Rooster Man stabbed said?!
Yes.
In Shiro Masuko, the wounded college student,
knew the person who stabbed her,
and that's why he said it wasn't a rooster, it was a monkey,
and then he pointed to the number 9 with his fingers.
So, it's that man who had the face of a monkey, right?
If you say they knew each other, he must have known what that face was doing.
That one has nothing to do with number 9. That's not him.
Then it's what's called Hisam Sarukawa.
He himself said that he was called "New" when he was a child.
But if he had known her well enough to know what he was called as a child,
you mean he wouldn't have told us his name directly?
You are absolutely right.
Well then, the only thing we are left with is Shinji Mizunoe.
What do a monkey and the number 9 have to do with him?
Let's see, the kanji "thorium", which means "rooster",
comes from the 12 branches, right?
And "monkey", where does it come from? Ah, wait.
Of course it comes from the kanji "shanji"!
It comes from the kanji "shin"!
Wait a minute!
It's also in Shinji's name!
That's good.
But I don't see any "new" here.
Earlier we were discussing where the Koshien stadium got its name from.
The stadium was finished in 1924, the year of the monkey,
which is "koshi", hence the name,
so they decided to call it Koshien Stadium.
The year of the monkey?
It is the sexagenary cycle.
Ko, Otsu, hei, tei, bueno, ki, ko, ko, shin, jin and ki,
are the 10 trunks.
And shi, chu, in, good, shin, shi, go, bi, shin, yu, jutsu and gay,
these are the 12 branches.
This system is a way of counting cycles of 60 years.
The word "Koshi", meaning "monkey", comes from the first trunk: "ko"....
and from the first branch: "shi".
Therefore, this means that it is the first year of the sexagenarian cycle.
I understand that from the stadium in said Koshien
because they finished the year of the monkey, right?
And the ninth year of the cycle what would it be? The ninth year of the cycle?
Ah... Koshi, otchu, he-heiin,
tei-teibo, Bosh, Kishi, kogo, Shinbo and Jinshin.
Yeah, like the Jinshin war, right?
Right, you could do the Japanese reading, instead of the Chinese?
Let's see, how would we read this in Japanese?
Yes, ah..., the Japanese reading of "Jinshin" would be "mizunoe".
Mizunoe ?!
-In Shinji Mizunoe! -We have discovered the culprit!
In addition, to confirm that it's him,
in Shinji Mizunoe was going to show a receipt from the supermarket,
and in the end, he decided not to.
"He didn't, because when the group of men who saw him were chasing him.
"That is, when they chased the Rooster Man,
the receipt got wet because of the sweat."
"If he had shown it wet it would have shown that he had been running."
Aside from that, the things that Rooster Man had time to throw away...
inside the sink where he has been hiding for a long time...

only the knife,
the jacket I was wearing and the Hyottoko mask I was wearing.
I see what you mean.
You mean he was ready to change all his clothes,
but he didn't have time to change his pants.
You left out one detail.
According to Inspector Takagi, in Mizunoe he was on a business trip...
the second day of the festival, and was unable to attend.
In addition, on the first day of the Rooster Man festival he stole her purse
where he had his bank book, and he went to report it himself.
Yes, and it's all true.
But the Rooster Man who stabbed Shiro Masuko today
has been in Shinji Mizunoe.
Instead, the Rooster Man of the 1st and 2nd Rooster Day was Shiro Masuko.
What?!
Yes.
It is more than likely...
that Masuko was blackmailing Mizunoe,
taking advantage of the fact that he had the bankbook
that he had stolen on the first day of the festival.
There must have been some illegal transaction.
He must have threatened to go public if he didn't pay her.
And do you think it has anything to do with the fact
that Shiro Masuko had taken the backpack with all the things
he had stolen the other days?
My theory is that Shinji Mizunoe demanded from Masuko
to take the notebook from the bank with the backpack
and all the things she had stolen as a condition for making the exchange,
that she had to be here by force, where the Festival is held.
Then, when he met Masuko, he would kill him,
leave him there on the ground to die with all the stolen items
while he fled disguised as a Rooster Man,
and no one would suspect him because he had the alibi of the 2nd day of the festival.
And it may be that since Shiro Masuko is a literature student
and has a flair for letters,
and there was only one name and one address in the bank book,
the pun of the monkey and the new number came to her mind.
Yes, of course.
So, the fact that he does not remember anything,
after she regained consciousness in the hospital, could be...
...because when she'd just been stabbed.
she wanted to point out the culprit with the riddle of the monkey and the number 9,
but when she regained consciousness, she thought better of it,
and realized that if she said what she wanted to say she would end up knowing that he was the one
would end up knowing that he was the Rooster Man,
and so he decided to keep silent.
The problem is that we have no proof of any of this.
If we had found something that would have fallen to the Rooster Man....
Of course we would!
I've got it!
The button that Ran found when she tripped over the Rooster Man!
If you found the garment with the missing button at Masuko's house,
couldn't they use it as evidence?
This would prove that at first it was him, the Rooster Man.
Yes, and if on top of that we get Masuko to confess...
and tell everything she knows about Shinji Mizunoe, we'll have solved the case.
You're a couple of geniuses!
You've solved it very well.
I expected nothing less from the Queen of Deductions and Sleeping Kogoro.
-It was a piece of cake.
- "Although, I don't know why...-...I have a strange feeling."
Now all we have to do is inform Inspector Takagi about this button thing
so that he can investigate it,
and see if there's the garment we're looking for at Masuko's house.
I think I brought too many clothes to the dry cleaners.
What?
How did you turn the button on the Ran?
But you haven't considered it as evidence?
A-ah, no.
In the end we didn't list it as evidence
and-and the Ran told us that she preferred to take it home with her
to check that it hadn't fallen out of one of her garments.
Well, I hope that this Mizunoe didn't notice it
and now he doesn't decide to hurt the Ran to get rid of the button coi.
-No.
Nothing will happen to the Ran, she already knows how to defend herself.
Something has happened to her.
It's been a while since Ran hasn't picked up the phone.
-What?! - What?!
The purse, where's the purse?
I already have it.
If I get rid of this button, they won't suspect me anymore.
Mr. Mizunoe... It's you, isn't it?
The button!
Yes, that's right.
This button is from the boy I couldn't kill.
The button that fell on the Rooster Man.
Couldn't kill the Rooster Man?!
But didn't the Rooster Man stab that boy?!

No, girl, no.
I'm telling you the Rooster Man was that college kid.
What?!
That bastard, he stole my bank book being the Rooster Man...
and found out that I've been embezzling funds from my company.
In fact, it's not surprising that he found out..,
because the passbook stated that every month he made a transfer
the same amount of money into another account.
The account of a fictitious company that I created and that I use to steal money from the place.
and that I use to steal money from the place where I work.
He is useless.
"We agreed that he would return the passbook to me,
but he confessed to me that he didn't know what my bag was."
"That's why I told him to bring everything he had stolen and that I would check it myself.
and that I would check it myself."
So I was able to disguise myself as Rooster Man tonight.
It's a pity he survived but I know he won't say anything.
That nano is a coward.
He also confessed to me that he was only stealing to relieve the stress of exams.
from exams.
Strange, isn't it?
Do you want to know why I'm telling you this in detail?
Quite simply, because today, here, you will not leave alive.
I'll have to kill.
Ran!
Ran!
Look, I think the best thing for you to do is to turn yourself in.
What? Yes.
Just think, so far no one has died yet.
But if you continue to commit crimes...
Are you begging me?
I understand that you don't want to die yet.
You're very young and you still have a lot of things to live through.
Besides, it's been a little strange for me...
to find a love oracle in your purse that was unopened.
"Unopened?"
"Don't tell me that the Sonoko...
"Took the oracle that had touched me...
"And pretended to read it,
but maybe she read her oracle, not mine."
While we're at it, I'll read you the oracle of love as my last wish.
Eh?
"If you want to win the heart of this bright-minded boy,
the best thing you can do is to be yourself.
Be careful, because if you try to pretend you're feminine,
he'll pick up on it right away.
Be true to the way you are,
trust yourself and stay the way you are,
and you can be sure
that he will appreciate these deep feelings that you have for him.
He has!
Iaaaah!
Aaah!
Aaah!
Ran, we're here!
Eh? Eh?
-Eh? -Hm?
Hm?
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

Did you see how we didn't need to worry?
What was that amazing technique you just used?
A spinning heel kick.
Actually, Kazumi taught it to me a few days ago.
HAAA... That's nice...
By the way, in the end it was this man, the culprit.
Yes, yes, we are aware of that.
But listen,
weren't you supposed to avoid unladylike attitudes, according to your oracle?
And now, that was your prediction.
My oracle says that... aah!
Wait, wait, wait! Let's see?
"If you want to win the heart of this bright-minded boy,
the best thing you can do is to be yourself.
Be careful, because if you try to pretend you're feminine,
he'll pick up on it right away.
Be true to the way you are,
trust yourself and stay the way you are,
and you can be sure that he will appreciate
these deep feelings you have for him".
Girl, I love it!
Why don't you trade him for me?
No way!
And you see, it's also good that we women show that we are strong.
Oh, I might start taking karate lessons myself.
"You are very, very strong."
Mm... Delicious.
Yummy.
Hey, Fumie!
I think there's someone who copies the seven wonders.
"I don't trust these two at all. Better keep an eye on them."
Mr. Kamisuwa!
"There are still three wonders left. Can anything else happen?"

And it is the brother of the Yayoi, who is behind all this.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Miyajima (Miyajima) 7 Wonders Route'."

