(Shinichi voice) "To participate in a Nichiuri TV station's travel program, we went to Hiroshima.
Nichiuri TV station, we went to Hiroshima."
"Once there, strange things began to happen....
to the members of the film crew."
"We met Yayoi."
"She worked as a saleswoman in an autumn pastry store...
and she explained to us the legend of the seven wonders."
We saw that these wonders could be related to what was happening."
to what was going on."
"Then, we discovered that a very suspicious man....
"Who had been asking around about the film crew members,
could be Yayoi's older brother in Shinroku."
"Two years earlier, Yayoi's parents had died...
in a confusing incident in Misen Mountain."
"Could it have had to do with the film crew members, this?"
"In addition, they attacked the director, Mr. Koshiji,
and they set fire to the Yayoi's store."
"It was at Shinroku, the one responsible for everything, or maybe...?"

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Now the seven mysteries will be revealed."
"The journey will conclude with the arrest of an unexpected culprit."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The Seven Wonders of Miyajima (Hiroshima) Route."
I'm Inspector Miyamoto of the Hiroshima police.
Ah.
Do you know how he is, Mr. Koshiji?
Is he serious?
He's still unconscious in critical condition.
-No!
Is he really? -It's horrible!
I'm sure it was that bastard.
Aren't you, detective?
Oh, we can't know for sure, though.
You're Detective Kogoro Mouri?
I've heard a lot of talk.
Ah, thank you.
When you speak of "that wretch", do you mean Mr. Shinroku Ayase,
from this store here?
What?!
You're the Yayoi, his little sister, right?
-Have you seen this? -Yes, that's... my brother's!
Well, apparently,
they found it at the place where Mr. Koshiji was attacked.
Isn't that right, boy? Yes, it's true.
But what caused the fire?
We still don't know 100%,
but what is certain is that it started in the store next door.
There were no flammable materials, therefore,
we believe it was arson.
Inspector!
Ah.
It seems that, when the fire started,
some neighbors saw a person who looked a lot like your brother.
What a thing!
So, it's true...-...it was your older brother.
He attacked in Koshiji and set fire to his house.
It can't be true!
It can't be true!
My brother is totally incapable!
I believe you, Yayoi. (Shinichi, thinks) "And so do I."
"Even if everything points to the attacks he's done to them in Shinroku,
what's the point, setting fire to his house?
You're very thoughtful, vailet.
Eh?
Now that we're talking about the fire,
Couldn't the fire be related to another one of the seven wonders,
the eternal fire?
-Yes, that's right! -A new seven wonders!
What's this about the seven wonders?
Ah, nothing, I think it's just a coincidence.
Sure, I get it.
Your brother suspects that the crew of the television program
was somehow involved in the death of your parents,
because at the time they were near the scene,
and he has used the seven wonders to carry out his plan.
I have only said that it is a possibility,
- (woman) There is something that does not fit.
I spoke to Yayoi a while ago and she confirmed it:
your parents' accident at Misen
was one day after we left the island.

Thus, Mr. Koshiji could have nothing to do with the accident.
But Shinroku did not know this detail and would think he did.
Be that as it may, we have to locate Mr. Shinroku.
He's still a suspect,
and we should question him as soon as possible.
Shinroku!
Where are you, brother?
(Shinichi, think) "Even if Shinroku's hiding,
we can't be sure he's the one responsible for what happened."
"It could be... that it was done by one of the people in front of me."
"But, when they have attacked Mr. Koshiji.........
"Mr. Hamada, Mr. Shimokura and Yatsukawa...
were with us at the Mayana Ordination Center."
"The Fumie was with Kogoro."
"And Mr. Kitamura is summoned to Mr. Kamisuwa
from his hotel in Hiroshima when he was already burning the store."
It takes 10 minutes to get to Miyajimaguchi by boat,
"And 25 minutes more by train to get to Hiroshima station,
where the hotel is."
"If Mr. Koshiji had attacked, I would not have been able to return."
"This means that the only one who doesn't have an alibi is Mr. Kamisuwa."
"Hush, now that I think about it..."
(groan)
Hurry up, come on!
Yayoi's store has been set on fire!
-What? -That's what she said in Koshiji: "Fire"!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Maybe she didn't say 'fire', in Koshiji.
"Maybe he meant something else. Wait a minute!"
"It's impossible that in Koshiji he knew that the store had been set on fire."
"What if... what if instead of 'fire' he said...?"
"Yeah, right!"
You got it, kid.
Is this the picture you wanted?
Ah, yes, it is.
Thank you very much!
You can keep it, if you want.
I already have another one.
Luckily I made more than one copy,
because the one that was exposed has burned.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Maybe they didn't want to burn the store.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Maybe they didn't want to burn the store."
(Shinichi voice) "The next day we went back to Hiroshima City
and met with Mr. Kitamura, who was resting at the hotel."
Seriously, I'm so sorry to have caused you so many headaches, yesterday.
-Are you feeling better, that's why? -Yes, yes, completely.
Speaking of which, do you know who might have given you the drink...
that gave you the stomach ache?
Maybe it's the one with the seven wonders.
It's been explained to me before and I didn't believe it.
Anyway, I ate something that was brought to the shooting.
It wouldn't be surprising if someone had put something in it.
What worries me is what to do from now on.
Excuse me, I know that in Mr. Koshiji's current state...
maybe it's not the best time to say it, but I think that...
Do you want to talk at once!
I think it's a unique opportunity, for us.
"Famous detective on gastronomic journey solves a complicated case."
-Little ratings! -Yes, I agree with you. -Yes, I agree with him.
I think it's much better to do that than to do nothing.
I completely agree.
It would be a kind of tribute to Koshiji!
Yes, let's do it!
This would allow me to regain my reputation.
I will discuss it with the management of Koshiji.
I'll discuss it with the chain's management.
Yatsukawa, you take over the management.
Yes, sir.
Anyway, Mr. Mouri,
as I said, we've had to change our initial plans a bit.
I hope you don't mind, that's why.
Of course not.
Count me in. (Shinichi, thinks) "But what the...?!"
-Hail! (Shinichi, thinks) -Great!
Can we count on you, Mr. Hamada?
Of course, yes! (Shinichi, thinks) "What if...?"
Shinroku is convinced that the film crew that visited Miyajima two years ago
that visited Miyajima two years ago, during the autumn,
had something to do with the death of his parents on Mt. Misen.
It is logical to assume that, based on the seven wonders of the mountain,
he has attacked the members of the network's film crew.
But the film crew that came here two years ago
only had in Koshiji, Kitamura and the Fumie.
Isn't it strange that they put salt in the drink of in Yatsukawa,
imitating the tide rock, if he wasn't there two years ago?
It is strange, isn't it? Man, no-not so strange.
He's part of the film crew.

There is a saying: "If you can't hurt the owner, hurt the dog".
Yes, sir!
That's a better saying!
That's the way I like it!
What does this mean?
That they can attack me too, now?
Or me, for example.
Whoever the author is,
he will do something related to the missing wonder:
the seventh wonder, that of the dragonfire cedar.
(Shinichi voice) "The next step was to visit Shinroku's friend
who lived in Hiroshima."
The truth is, it's been more than half a year since I've seen in Shinroku, now.
After the death of his parents, he became depressed in Shinroku,
and, so as not to leave him alone, the Yayoi,
who was studying at Osaka University, returned to Miyajima.
(Shinichi, think) "Maybe it's him, the culprit?"
Come to think of it... Eh?
This building wasn't there.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What if...?"
(Man) In Shinroku?
Actually, there's not much I can say.
Hey, Fumie.
What?
Can I ask a question about what happened two years ago?
Yes.
Say.
(Shinichi, think) "Sure. That's just what I thought."
"Ah! I don't like this at all. Mr. Kamisuwa isn't here!"
"Where is he? Where has he gone?"
(Woman: call) (Conan voice) It's the Yayoi!
Mr. Kamisuwa!
Yayoi!
What's happened?
(Shinichi, think) "A dragon in the handle!"
"The last of the seven wonders, the one with the dragon fire cedar."
"Mr. Kamisuwa's mobile."
"He was supposed to attack from behind while talking on the cell phone."
And have you been able to see the person who did it?
No.
When I got here, Mr. Kamisuwa was already lying on the ground.
-Ah.
And how did you come here? -I received a call from someone.
He said he had a message from my brother.
"He said my brother wanted" to tell me his side of the story,
and that he wanted to meet me at Hiroshima Castle."
An anonymous call, of course.
Are you sure about that?
Eh? Suspicious of Yayoi, perhaps?
If her older brother's motive is to avenge the death of their parents,
it's obvious she might have the same motive, right?
-I don't! -N-now it's my turn.
Mr. Kamisuwa did not come, two years ago, and he has also been attacked.
If the aggressor attacks indiscriminately,
next time he can attack any one of us.
What-what do you mean?
That next time he won't just salt me?
You've seen what he's done, now.
Anything can be.
Oh, shit!
What a bastard!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I won't let him keep attacking everyone."
"The time has come to act!"
What?
Who says what?!
In Koshiji and in Kamisuwa they are dead?!
-What?
They are dead?! - No, it can't be!
Yes, we got word from the hospital not even 5 minutes ago.
-I'm so sorry. -Oh, my God!
And you know who the murderer is?
Is it this man, Shinroku Ayase?
Yes.
We've already issued a warrant for his arrest.
What a bastard!
What did he do to you, in Kamisuwa?!
You're late, we have him under our protection.
Mr. Mouri was absolutely right.
We've got him, we've caught the murderer!
-What?! - Oh, no!
-It can't be! -So it was you.
Can you explain it to me?
Gee, I... I really don't understand anything either.
Ah!
Oh... Eh?
Oh, wow!
At last I get to see the famous Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Kitamura, he's the culprit behind all the incidents...
that have taken place so far."
From the beginning he has wanted us to believe that in Shinroku Ayase
had used the seven wonders of the Misen
as a strategy to avenge the death of his parents to the mountain.
But his intention was none other than to kill the director,
in Naoto Koshiji!
-Kill in Koshiji?! - But-but why?!
(Kogoro voice) Let me explain it to you.
First you must know why he wanted us to believe
that the perpetrator of the attacks was Shinroku.
Because it was you, Mr. Kitamura,
the one responsible for the Shinroku's parents taking down the Misen.
Really?
(Kogoro voice) Two years ago, after the program was recorded,
you stayed in Miyajima

to practice one of his hobbies: hiking in the mountains.
He told me in Conan.
Isn't that right, Miss Miyake?
Yes.
(Kogoro voice) When he was climbing the Misen, he entered the forbidden zone.
"Shinroku's parents and the Yayoi saw him
and called his attention to him."
"I don't know what would happen, afterwards,
but the couple ended up falling off the cliff."
"When in Shinroku inspected the forest,
"he found something in the shape of a flower that he didn't know what it was to begin with,
"and which turned out to be an ornament that he wore on the tongue
of the zipper of his jacket."
Exactly the same as the thing hanging
on the zipper tab of his backpack.
Conan? Yes!
Au, tea. Aviam?
Oh!
See the zipper tab on Koshiji!
It's true, it's the same!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Koshiji asked him for the jacket,
and that's why it appears in the photo.
Yes, he had a bit of a cold and that's why he asked for it.
(Kogoro voice) At Shinroku he found the flower of the reed
the place where his parents had fallen.
Mr. Kitamura, you lost it, the flower, didn't you?
Can you explain to us what happened, on the mountain?
I-it was an accident!
We argued, and I don't know how, they fell off.
I didn't think it would end like this!
(Kogoro voice) Well, the police will investigate the details...
of what really happened.
But Shinroku only understood the importance
of what he had found in the forest a couple of weeks ago.
"When he saw on display the photograph that they had all taken two years ago with the owner of the
two years ago with the store owner."
That was why in Shinroku it was thought, mistakenly,
that Mr. Koshiji had caused the death of his parents.
(Kogoro voice) Right.
And that's why he decided to go to Tokyo.
He wanted to try to confirm his suspicions.
Isn't that right, Shinroku?
Yes.
It's just as you say.
Yes, I decided to go to Tokyo,
and once there I started to investigate the director,
Mr. Naoto Koshiji.
Soon after, I met this man, and he told me...
that he would help me, that I could count on him.
So when you went to Tokyo, you met Mr. Kitamura.
Yes.
(Kogoro voice) When the film crew arrived in Hiroshima,
he called Shinroku,
had him come and locked him in this room.
The person who, inspired by the seven wonders,
attacked in Koshiji and burned the picture that could go against him,
was Mr. Kitamura disguised as Shinroku.
Hey, wait a minute...
But Mr. Kitamura had an alibi, didn't he?
When he called the hotel in Kamisuwa yesterday,
they confirmed that Kitamura was sleeping.
And when the store was burning, it was Kitamura who called...
(Kogoro voice) The man the girl at the hotel saw sleeping
when she was asked to go check on him...
was actually in Shinroku,
whom Mr. Kitamura had given some sleeping pills.
He had shaved off his beard and changed his hairstyle.
It was normal for the girl to mistake him for Mr. Kitamura,
when asked by the police.
On the other hand, Kamisuwa was beginning to suspect...
that Kitamura was cheating on her.
This building was gone.
(Kogoro voice) Indeed, the building you see through the window...,
did not appear in the video call she made to him yesterday.
This confirmed his suspicions.
(Male) "We have another hotel near the ferry terminal,
at Miyajimaguchi."
"They are from the same chain."
(Kogoro voice) The rooms are exactly the same as these,
and he used the other hotel as a double for this one.
He crossed the sea with the ferry,
and once on dry land he checked into the other hotel,
and immediately called Kamisuwa to create an alibi for himself.
But the two rooms were not exactly the same,
there was one difference:
the color of the curtains.
The ones here are blue....,
and the ones in Miyajimaguchi's hotel are green.
That's why I couldn't close them.
The difference in the scenery that could be seen out of the window
made Kamisuwa discover the trap.
Hello, good afternoon.
Is this the Red Leaf Hotel?
Aaah!
(Kogoro voice) "So he broke the cell phone."
"He disabled it because he didn't want it to be discovered....
that in Kamisuwa he had called the hotel."
"And he called the Yayoi Ayase."

She was confident that, if they saw her at the crime scene, they would suspect her.
What what?!
There is a rumor that someone from the network film crew is involved in the illegal gambling business.
who is in the illegal gambling business.
That someone... isn't it you, Mr. Kitamura?
The words Mr. Koshiji wanted to say...
(Groans)
(Kogoro voice)... were neither "fire" nor "here",
but "game" and "Kitamura".
Mr. Koshiji found out that he was engaged in illegal gambling,
and asked him to immediately turn himself in to the police.
But what he did instead
was to try to turn Kamisuwa against Mr. Koshiji.
That is why throughout the filming
the relationship between en Kamisuwa and en Koshiji has been so tense.
Isn't it true that, after killing Koshiji,
their idea was to frame him
responsible for the illegal gambling business?
At first, for me, illegal gambling was just a kind of entertainment.
But eventually I got hooked!
There was no way I could stop, I couldn't!
It was beyond me!
(Kogoro voice) And so you decided to kill in Koshiji and Kamisuwa,
and cast suspicion on Shinroku,
whom you also intended to kill?
Does he think that with such a selfish excuse
he will be able to save himself from what awaits him?
Aaaah!
By the way, I almost neglected to say it.
Both Mr. Koshiji and Mr. Kamisuwa are alive.
-What?! - (all) What?!
We got a call from the hospital to tell us
that they have overcome the critical situation and are now both out of danger.
(Kogoro voice) It was my idea to say they were dead.
I'm sorry, I apologize for misleading you.
But I had a good reason for doing so:
I thought that, if the murderer thought they were dead,
he would feel safe and try to assassinate Shinroku,
as he did.

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
(Conan voice) "Days later, in Koshiji and Kamisuwa....
"They were still recovering from injuries at the hospital,
and in Shinroku had returned to live with Yayoi at her parents' home,
to the great joy of both of them."
Fantastic!
This okonomiyaki is fabulous!
Ah!
The beer is great too!
Another one!
Hey, what's going to happen, with the show?
Do you think they will broadcast it? I hope they do.
I'll be upset if they don't.
It would be the first time
I could see myself solving a complicated case.
(Shinichi, think) "Because he's always sleeping, Sleeping Kogoro."
Gee, come to think of it!
What was it, the Sonoko?
(Mobile) Eh?
What a coincidence.
Sonoko, can you tell me where you've been?
"How come you're taking so long? This place is great!"
"What a quiet island!" Island?!
Yes, Miyakojima really is a fabulous place!
He's gone to the wrong place and gone to Miyakojima.
(Conan voice) Cut, go!
It seems to me that they are the ones who make...
these Kamen-Yaiba shows that you like so much!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Last week I swallowed one."
-Huh? - (thump)
(Shinichi, pnesa) "The victim's back is wet."
"But why, if it's stopped raining?"
They want to pass off a murder as a suicide!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The alibi for a fall".

