Ah!
It has stopped raining!
It's true.
Mhm?
Look, the building of the company where Mr. Higashiyama works:
Orion Planning.
Orion Planning?
And what does this company do?
Advertising, all kinds of shows,
and production of television programs.
It seems to me that they are the ones who make
those Kamen-Yaiba shows that you like so much.
(Thinking) "I swallowed one last week."
"En Genta and the others love it."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"A deadly fall initiates
the mystery of an alibi with a blind spot."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The alibi of a fall"
- (door, open) -Oh!
Hello!
We have an appointment with Higashiyama from the publishing department.
Ah.
You are Mr. Mouri.
Yes, he told me you were coming today.
I'll tell him it's here.
No, Mr.
Higashiyama told me to call you when I get to the office.
It's extension 4, 2, 3, isn't it?
Yes, that's right.
I beg your pardon.
Hm...
Very well, then... 4, 2, 3.
(Ringtone)
(Man) "Hello, tell me."
Hello, Mr. Higashiyama.
Soc at Mouri.
"Ah, Mr. Mouri. Thank you for coming, at this time of the afternoon."
-It's nothing, don't thank me. "I'll be right back to pick you up."
"My office is in an annex just behind the office."
Eh? What?
-What?! - "What's the matter? Mr. Mouri!"
I have seen... a... person who just fell from the building.
"You saw what?!"
-What happened? -He fell from the building.
The dead man was the organizer of the company's shows.
His name was Fujihiko Takahata.
He fell into the void.
It looks like Mr. Takahata's office is on the sixth floor.
He must have fallen out of the window.
That must be it.
And you, what did you come here for?
I had an appointment with Mr. Higashiyama, who works here.
Yes.
That's right.
I wanted to hear Mr. Mouri's opinion,
because we want to publish a book of mysteries
with questionnaires by the readers.
Apart from the victim,
it seems that in the building there were only in Higashiyama
and Miss Sunagawa.
Understood.
We'll start with Takahata's office on the sixth floor.
Yes, sir.
(Think) "The victim has a wet back,
but why, if it's already stopped raining?"
Eh?
The elevator.
Is it being checked?
Ah, yes.
But we're done now, you can take it, if you want.
Has something happened?
Ah... As a matter of fact, yes.
Later, perhaps we'll have to ask you a few questions.
-Don't leave the building, sisplau. -Yes, yes, yes, sir.
(Ding, ding)
Mr. Takahata's office is the last one, isn't it?
Yes.
You have a problem with sweat, you.
You even got your shirt collar wet.
Eh?
Ah, yes.
"Miss Sunagawa is wearing a Band-Aid on her finger."
"When we arrived, she wasn't wearing it. What happened to her?"
Oh.
The door is locked from the inside.
If the office door is locked,
it's probably a suicide.
A suicide?
Mr. Takahata?
It can't be.
Why do you say it can't be?
Because it's hard to believe
that a man as arrogant as him would commit suicide.
Hm.
Oh.
No doubt about it: the victim has fallen from here.
MHM?
Inspector, miri.
What is this?
MHM?
This is Mr. Takahata's will.
Is it really?
I find that hard to believe!
Something... Eh?
Conan!
Get out of the way!
But the floor is mullat.
Mullat?

It's true!
Please.
What time did it stop raining today?
Well, it started at half past six at 8 o'clock and stopped around 8 o'clock.
When we got to the building,
I remember it was 8:20, right?
Right?
Ah... Ouch!
That's right.
Someone left the window open for more than 20 minutes
before the victim fell out.
Mr. Takahata's back was very wet.
To get that wet, he would have had to stand with his back...
on the open window for quite a while.
Gee... That's very strange.
Sir!
They found this stuck to his jacket.
MHM?
But what is this?
"Eh? It looks very familiar."
Ah... I know, it's from the Kamen-Yaiba program.
Ah, that's right.
I think it's a scale from the monster's suit.
But what was it doing there?
The other day I went to see the show with some friends.
"The laser policeman, who is a friend of Kamen-Yaiba,
fired the gun and the monster deflated."
Can you explain it to me? Marrec!
Stop talking nonsense!
Yes, why, why? Because it's a blow-up doll.
The policeman's gun emits an infrared beam,
"Like a TV remote control."
"When it touches the monster's sensor,
it makes the air come out and the figure deflates."
Hey, that's cool!
MHM?
It says the air comes out and the figure deflates?
Wait a minute.
The ledge is dry.
Yeah, right!
Aaaah!
Hey, what's wrong with you? Aiaiaiaiai!
Inspector!
It's a murder they want to make it look like a suicide!
What do you mean?
The murderer has put the inflatable monster
on the ledge below the window.
"Then, he put Mr. Takahata to sleep with a drug.
"He took his limp body out of the window"
and put it on top of the monster.
And then he left the office.
Yes, but remember the door was locked from the inside.
That's exactly right.
That's why he left the window of the next office open,
and escaped over the ledge.
I see what you mean.
Then he fired the infrared beam from the other office,
"And Mr. Takahata's body slipped...
and fell into the void with no signs of a struggle on his body."
When coming out from under the window, no trace of moisture is visible.
This proves that the inflatable monster was put in place before it rained.
Very well thought out.
And he has removed the dummy by stretching a rope that he had tied to it earlier.
That's amazing!
What a great deduction!
What did you think?
The murderer prepared everything and left the office,
but before he could carry out his plan it started to rain,
and the victim and the floor got wet.
So, this was also written by the murderer.
Where is the inflatable monster kept when it is not in use?
In the storage room on the second floor.
All employees have access to it.
The killer works in this company.
Chiba!
The inflatable monster and the infrared gun
are somewhere in this building.
Turn everything upside down! Yes!
Tell me,
the beam from the infrared gun, how far does it reach?
At most 5 or 6 meters.
This means that it won't be too difficult
to find the office from where you fired.
Yes, that's right.
The conference room next door... (Sunagawa) And the offices...
(Sunagawa) And the offices downstairs, the fifth and fourth floors,
and their conference rooms.
5 spaces in total.
But the only ones who have the keys to the offices are the employees who use them.
are the employees who use them, the rest of us don't have access.
This means that you have used
one of the conference rooms on the fourth, fifth or sixth floor.
-These rooms, are they all the same? -Yes.
Inspector, from here you could jump from window to window.
All right, Takagi.
Go to reception and check in and out tonight.
Yes, sir.
Now, we'll have to ask you both a few questions.
I was on the phone talking to a customer from an office on the 2nd floor,
and by then it had already started to rain.
By the time I finished the conversation, the rain had stopped.
And Mr. Higashiyama, when did you tell him you had an appointment with me?
Around 7 o'clock. Before I got the call from the customer.
He called me from his office and told me.
How do you know that Mr. Higashiyama called you from his office?

Because I have seen the number of your extension, there is no doubt.
Mr. Mouri arrived just after.
Yes, sir.
While Mr. Mouri was calling Mr. Higashiyama's extension,
I went to the archive to return some documents.
This way.
I was filing some papers,
and I didn't hear the noise Mr. Mouri and his companions made.
Mouri and his companions.
Or so he wants us to believe.
Perhaps he went up to the fourth floor
and threw Mr. Takahata's body out of the window.
Takahata out the window.
But the stairs are right next to the elevator,
and the maintenance men would have seen him.
You're right.
Hm.
He says he filed some papers.
And then?
I cut my finger on a piece of paper,
and I went back to my office to put on a band-aid.
When I heard the voices of Mr. Mouri
and the others by the window,
I went to see what was going on.
And I saw Higashiyama coming out into the corridor.
Mr. Mouri's call, you took it from this office?
Yes.
I decided to stay late at work today.
There is no doubt that Mr. Higashiyama was here.
I dialed the extension number myself.
And the phone is fixed to the wall, and cannot be taken out of the office.
To go to Mr. Takahata's office,
which is in the main building,
"You should have crossed the hallway that connects it to the annex."
"To go up the stairs, you have to go past the elevator."
"If you ask the maintenance workers,"
I'm sure they will confirm that they have not seen me pass that way.
I could have come in from the street.
But then the security guard in the lobby would have seen you.
By force, the killer would have had to have walked past someone.
Can you change the extension number?
Not from this phone, you can't.
There is a switchboard on the second floor of the main building.
The extension can only be changed there.
I don't understand.
Isn't it true that you practice archery?
Yes.
He practiced when he was a student.
He's a very good archer.
A few years ago he won the city championship.
Wow, he's very good like that.
No, and now!
In fact, I'm not a very good shot.
(Takagi) According to the testimony of the security guard,
Mr. Takahata went out, and returned to the building at 07:10.
After that, the only people who entered the building
were Mr. Mouri and his companions.
The technicians started checking the elevator at 7:00.
They say they saw Mr. Takahata coming up the stairs.
And they have not seen Ms. Sunagawa or M.
Higashiyama, the technicians?
No, sir.
They only saw the victim going up the stairs.
Sir!
We've already found the inflatable monster and the gun.
Where did you find them?
On the landing of each floor there's a chute
for people to dispose of their waste.
The monster and the gun were stranded
between the third and fourth floors.
This confirms my theory.
We also found this.
It was on the window ledge
of the 4th floor conference room.
MHM... A fountain pen.
According to the coroner, it had been there for several days.
I don't think it had anything to do with the crime, but just in case....
"No, you're wrong!"
"This fountain pen is the key to solving the murder."
"Yes, I understand."
"The person who killed Mr. Takahata is right here!"
Tell me, Mouri, what do you want?
What do you want?
He's not here, he's gone.
(Phone)
Who's calling? (Kogoro) "It's me, inspector."
Mouri, where are you?
Why did you send for us?
This is Mr. Higashiyama's office extension.
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, please turn on the speaker phone.
Ah, yes, understood.
Mr. Mouri, you're calling from my office?
"I'm sorry for trespassing."
"But it was necessary to find the perpetrator of the crime."
You mean you've already solved the mystery?
Yes.
I've already discovered the truth.
Mr. Takahata returned to his office at 07:10.
It started raining at 5:30 at 8:00.
The murderer went to the victim's office
during this time interval and drugged her.
"He put the body on top of the inflatable monster and left the office."

But since it started to rain
before he could carry out his plan,
the victim and the ground got wet and we discovered his trick.
"But how come the killer didn't push Takahata's body out of the way
when it started to rain?"
MHM, this makes no sense.
Well, the answer is.
he wanted to be as far away from the crime scene as he could,
because it gave him the perfect alibi.
-Am I right, Mr. Higashiyama? -Huh?
The murderer of Mr. Takahata is...
Mr. Higashiyama, right?
You are very wrong, Mr. Mouri!
When you called me,
I picked up the phone from the annex, in the other building.
How do you want me to have killed him?
Mr. Higashiyama,
where would you say I'm calling you from, right now?
Where are you calling from?
Don't tell me!
Hey, Mouri!
Hey, Mouri!
What are you doing there?
Are you calling us from the conference room?
"(Takagi) Yes!
(Takagi) How can that be?
The extension is 4, 2, 3!
The extension number
is not connected to the telephone set itself,
but to the telephone line,
and this means that the number is assigned to the cable
coming out of the bottom of the telephone set.
"Mr. Higashiyama has disconnected
"The cable from the telephone in his office,
and connected it to the apparatus in the conference room."
Thus, the number of the extension in the conference room
has become that of his office: 4, 2, 3.
And how did you get the cable to the main building from the annex?
(Kogoro voice) "Mr. Higashiyama is an archery champion."
"He has connected an extension cord to his line,
and then attached it to a string and an arrow."
"He has shot the arrow
and made it enter the corridor of the central building through a window."
"Then he has gone into the corridor,
stretched the rope and ran the wire from one building to another."
"And that's how he connected the line from his office
into the telephone in the conference room."
"At 7 o'clock, when the technicians have started to check the elevator,
you called Ms. Sunagawa to make it look like she was in the annex."
"When I called her extension," he said,
"He fired the infrared pistol
and made Mr. Takahata rush into the void."
He then reconnected the conference room line,
"He hid the dummy and the gun in the waste chute,
returned to his office and retrieved the extension cord."
"And he has met with Miss Sunagawa
as if she didn't know a crime had just been committed."
This doesn't make any sense!
Tell me how I got back in the extension cord without being seen!
It's true.
To return to the annex, I should have passed before the technicians.
Then you went up to the third floor and jumped on the ceiling of the corridor.
"That's how you avoided being seen by the elevator technicians."
All this you say is only a hypothesis.
On any evidence?
What?
Tell me!
Yes: to call them,
I'm using the extension cord I found hidden in your office.
I don't... I don't know what you're talking about.
Mr. Higashiyama, I noticed that you have a problem with excessive sweating.
"You must be constantly wiping it off."
"To the point that the collar of your sky-blue shirt
has turned dark blue."
-Ah... So what? -But... you mean it's sweat?
We found a fountain pen
on the ledge above this window.
When it started to rain,
the spilled ink mixed with the rainwater.
"When he stuck his head out of the window to shoot the blow-up doll, a drop of ink fell on it,
a drop of ink fell on the collar of his shirt."
Mr. Higashiyama, it was you, wasn't it?
That's right.
Yes, I killed him.
My older brother ran a small business
that was in financial trouble,
and I put him in touch with this company.
He started getting a lot of orders,
and he was very happy because the business was working.
"But Takahata took advantage of his weakness and asked for a commission.
and asked him for a commission."
"My brother flatly refused,"
and the company stopped paying him for the commissions.
But why didn't he report the company?
In Takahata pulled strings
to have the complaint filed for non-payment.

My brother had to face a huge debt, and he committed suicide.
What a horror...
That's why I killed her.
With the things I used for the shows.
I was sure it would come out!
If the famous detective Kogoro Mouri confirmed my alibi,
I couldn't fail.
(Cries) Why?
Why did it start raining?
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

Eh?
Aaaah!
Aaah!
Aaah!
Somebody help me, please!
Looks like the famous detective has already woken up.
What's this about the "Red Steamer Killer"?
It's the story of a hit man.
They call him that
because he's always commissioned to kill people in the hot springs,
and the steam gets dyed with blood.
We should try the spa's specialty:
a thermal bath overlooking the lake.
I haven't had a bath in 3 days!
(Ayumi) Aaaaaaaah !!!!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The crime of the closed hot spring baths (part one) '."

