(Ayumi) It's all flooded upstairs, and there's a big fire underneath.
-Who knows what it is? -Some terms!
(Ayumi) Very good!
The correct answer is "a bathtub":
The hot springs, you don't have to heat them.
Well, I think they are not so wrong.
What heats the hot springs
is the magma that rises from the depths of the Earth.
Yes, maybe you are right.
But what are we doing here?
Doctor, why do you want to take us to the hot springs?
I have to repair an invention.
Some time ago, you showed it to the owner of the spa...
and he was enthusiastic, and he bought it from me on your terms.
Because he explained to me, his customers like it very much.
-But it seems to have been spatllat. And what is it, this invention?
A chair?
And when his, it's like bathing in hot springs,
and cures all diseases?
How cool!
But then it would no longer be necessary to go to the hot springs.
No, it will be a surprise.
(Think) "I'm sure it's one of his useless inventions."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"A bath in the hot springs uncovers the crime of the locked room."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The crime of the closed hot springs (part one)"
Ooooh!
The water temperature is 42.3 degrees.
The total sulfur content per kilogram of water is 25.7 milligrams.
These are sulfurous water baths.
-Uàààà! How cute!
They are beneficial for skin diseases, arteriosclerosis,
rheumatism, and also for neuralgia...
-How do you say it, the doll? -It is called Goemon Ishikawa.
He is the great expert in hot baths.
"Of course, the boiled alive in an iron cauldron."
Drinking these waters can fight the... day... diabetes...
gout, nada-tre-nyi-nyi-nyi-nyi-nyi-nyi-nyi-nyi....
Poor Goemon has been fried.
It looks like the moving part has worn out and water has gotten in.
-Can I have it repaired by tomorrow? -Yes.
I've brought all the spare parts.
I'll make him much stronger.
Please!
You haven't finished cleaning it yet?
It's already one o'clock.
-No, it'll only take 10 minutes.
Un-Unbelievable.
I've been through all 5 bathrooms in the hotel and I still haven't had a chance to bathe.
Don't worry, you'll have a bath when we shoot the scene.
Oh!
That's so loud!
Please, aren't you the actress Mishio Natori?
Yes, I am.
I knew it!
You were the girlfriend of the first Kamen Yaiba!
-Oh, yes, I loved it! -And you were good with everyone!
Yes...
I worked on that turkey show once upon a time.
But that's in the past.
Don't remind me, please.
-You don't look like the same person.
B-But she was always smiling before.
She's a stuck-up girl.
Hey, guys, I'm sorry.
She's preparing a very complicated paper, and she's very nervous.
She talks back to me, too, and I'm her assistant.
You mean they're shooting a movie?
Earlier you said something about shooting a scene.
Well... we are shooting...
(Man)... a movie that will be released next year.
The masterpiece of the "Red Steamer Killer" series.
"The Scarlet Terms".
Soc on Ganji Tetsuyama, the screenwriter.
You are too young to know who I am.
But I do know you!
You are the screenwriter of the "remake" of "The Scarlet Hot Springs"?
What is this about the Red Steamer Killer?
It's the story of a contract killer.
He's called that because he's always commissioned
to kill people in the hot springs, and the steam is dyed with blood.
He became famous thanks to this series of movies.
There are 3 movies:

the story of the murderer when he was young,
the story of the killer when he has grown old.
And in between, "The Scarlet Terms", the film of his maturity.
As far as I remember, something serious happens to the protagonist...
and he stops killing people,
but he offers to kill someone for free
to help the owner of an inn.
I think it was the classic locked room murder.
"The Scarlet Terms", the film of his maturity,
was only shot once and in black and white.
No "remake" was made
because they could not find the right actor for the role.
Of the films of the first and the last period
many remakes were made, with different actors and directors.
And then came along yours truly,
the ideal actor to play the perfect contract killer.
-Ah, Mr. Terada has already arrived.
I was told that the heroine had already arrived on the set.
I hung up my assistant
and I took the plane before the technical crew arrived,
because I want to get to know this beautiful woman better.
I will not allow you to harass the leading actress.
I remind you that you must play a mature man torn by grief and tired of the job of the hired killer.
and tired of the hit man's job.
Nothing to do with a slimy pervert who spends his days chasing women.
I know, that.
And nothing to do with that posh bumblebee
that he plays in the film of the young era.
Ah, I can place him now!
Your face looked so familiar.
You are the actor Junsaku Tanzawa!
Yes.
You did very well in that movie.
I'd like to see you in this role again.
-Hey, stop. No, thanks.
I've given up acting for personal reasons.
Perhaps they'll persuade you to return to acting.
After all, our scriptwriter...
has the power to change actors whenever he feels like it.
Ha-ha.
That's true.
I know two or three actors I could replace
if their performance doesn't suit me.
What?
And you too, Miss Natori.
-I'm not surprised. -Au, go take a bath and relax.
When you're nice and clean, you can play the role of the hostess.
There's a very wet scene in the script.
Hey, Conan, what's a wet scene?
You mean you have to take a bath.
Of course she should!
If she bathes, she's wet.
"It's better to leave it like this."
He-he-he-he-he-he-he...
What must be wrong with her foot?
Ah, it seems that a few years ago he injured a tendon.
According to a documentary they did on TV,
he hasn't been doing well since then.
While we're here, we should try the spa's specialty:
a thermal bath overlooking the lake.
Overlooking the lake?
(Agasa) This spa
has thermal pools with a nice view of the lake.
They only have them here and at Hawaii Spa, Tottori.
How come the women's bath is bigger?
When they clean them at noon,
the women's one becomes the men's one.
- (Ayumi) See you later! - (Genta) Goodbye!
(Mitsuhiko) See you later, girls!
Wow, it's very crowded.
The women's room is also very crowded.
Let's go.
We can come first thing in the morning.
In the morning, the biggest bathroom is the men's room,
and we can relax while watching the sunrise.
-Yes! -Perfect!
We are in a high place in the middle of a lake, it's normal for it to be windy.
Run, we're going back to the room!
Perfect.
You've finally made up your mind, it's about time.
It's about time.
The hot water pool at sunrise.
It will be beautiful, very nice.
MHM?
The main character?
No problem, if you don't like it, we can change it.
(Woman: sobs)
- (Door: knock) -Huh?
(Door: knock)
What's wrong, Mishio?
I heard the sound of breaking glass.
Is something wrong with you?
No, nothing's wrong with me!
Leave me alone!
"It's always my turn. Eh?"
"He's the actress's assistant, we saw him yesterday."
It's very early.
It's half past five.
Beat it, marrec.
Eh?
I'm already here. It's about time!
To go to buy drinks, it doesn't take that long.
I was late because I had to go alone.
And everyone wanted something different.
Not to have lost to rock, paper, scissors.
The man who was smoking a pipe yesterday is going straight to the toilets!
There, look at him!
He's going over the bridge!

The bathrooms don't open until 5 o'clock.
-And now it's 43 minutes past 4:00.
Come on, guys, let's go!
What do we do, let him sleep?
Yes, he spent all night repairing the dummy.
(All) What?
How come they let him in and we don't?
He's one of the hotel's best customers.
He has special privileges.
Yeah, but it's only 10 minutes to 5:00.
That's right.
He can go in now.
(commotion)
No mail, it's dangerous!
It's been 3 days since I've had a bath!
What's that?
Well, you can take a shower, or you do not get into the pool.
Alright, alright...
Eh?
(Thinking) "I don't understand. Where is it, the old man's clothes?"
(Ayumi: call)
What's wrong, Ayumi? (Ayumi: call) Ah!
You guys!
What's happened?
No, not you!
"What's this man doing, in the ladies' room?"
"Was it an accident?"
"No. It's a murder."
"It's a corpse in a locked room!"
(murmurs)
-What happened here? -I have no idea.
I got up early to come to the ladies' room,
but these kids won't let us in.
Yes, we've been ordered not to let anyone in!
We've been ordered by Conan.
Conan.
You think... he's dead?
Yes.
He's not breathing.
How scary!
Oh, did you do what I told you and call the police?
Yes.
I'm... Master Tetsuyama!
What happened to him?
Master! You don't touch anything!
Master Tetsuyama!
(Yokomizo) The cause of death is an acute subdural hematoma
due to a violent blow to the back of the head, with cerebral contusion.
Estimated time of death is 5 am.
There are traces of soap on the soles of the victim's feet, which can also be seen on the floor.
which can also be seen on the bathroom floor.
There is a bar of soap next to the drain
that runs along the shower wall.
All indications are that she stepped on the bar as she was leaving the bathroom,
slipped and fell.
And he bit his head against the stones of the bathtub.
We can conclude that it is an accidental death.
Doesn't it seem strange to you that it is the women's bathroom?
(He thinks) "This little boy again!"
Yes, it seemed strange to me, but it was an old man,
who came to the baths at half past five o'clock at 5 o'clock,
when it was still dark outside,
and he must have gone into the women's bathroom by mistake.
But we arrived a little later than this man.
"The signs in the men's room and the women's room read well.
That's how you saw them too, right?
the two employees who were standing guard at the exit of the main building?
"I'm told that, apart from the victim,
the only ones who went into the bathrooms are you."
If he's in the system right after, and found him lying on the floor and dead,
the only possibility I can think of is that it was an accident.
But...look at the water that's pooled in the hollow of his collarbone.
Kind of like a puddle.
Look, and the navel too.
If he had fallen and hit his head with a violent blow,
the water in his body would have shot out, right?
Ah... you're right.
It is possible that once he fell to the ground,
someone sprayed him with water to clean something off his body.
To clean what?
What was it?
I get it: blood!
"Someone attacked her from behind
and blood splattered on his shoulders and back."
"The killer finished him off by making him nod against the rocks,
and then washed it to make it look like an accident."
Wait a minute.
When he found the body, you were the only users of the toilets,
and there was no one else in here, correct?
Mm-hm.
And I didn't hear the noise that someone who'd jumped in the lake would make.
Yeah, so these bathrooms overlooking the lake...
are completely closed off!
Seems like an impossible crime, right?
We'll have to solve this mystery first.
Yes, that's right.
You brat!
Who gave you permission to act as a policeman?
Officer!
Have the coroner come back!
The case is not as clear as it seemed.
Yes, it is, sir.
Hey, you have to explain it to us.
Tell us what you saw in there.

You've seen it, right? Seen what?
Yes.
Everything... that was in there.
Yes, what the Ayumi called it.
Yes, I saw it.
-I thought so! -You saw it?
Of course I saw it.
When someone wants to take a bath, he must first undress completely.
 Of-of everything?
-Conan! -You idiot, idiot, idiot!
Eh?
Did you guys see it too?
The corpse of that old man?
What are you talking about?
Ah, that.
Yes, we've seen it too, the old man's corpse.
A little before the cops arrived.
No, it can't be.
You're not in the system, in the women's bathroom.
We've seen it from outside.
Huh?
Look, we snuck down this hallway,
we went through the ventilation apparatus.
And then we jumped over this grate.
Yes.
You can see everything.
Hey, kids!
Hey, kids!
What are you doing here?!
This corridor is connected to the terrace outside.
Oh, is it?
And on top of that, the glass window can't be closed.
I get it.
The killer has hidden somewhere in this hallway
before the outside toilets were closed at 11:00 at night.
"When he saw the victim, he entered and killed her."
"And then he went to the terrace,
"and mingled with the people queuing to enter the toilets."
at 5:00 in the morning.
Exactly.
I suggest you identify all the customers
who were queuing to get into the toilets.
I'm talking about the ones who came in around 5 a.m. without telling anyone.
The killer could be one of these.
Ah.
Yes.
All right, then.
We've already rounded up all the customers
who have come to the bathrooms without telling anyone.
There are 3 of them,
and all 3 were related to the late Ganji Tetsuyama.
The... the rest of the customers came as a family.
You are the only ones who have a single room.
You and the victim.
While you are removing your personal belongings,
I want you to tell me where you were and what you were doing at about 5:00 a.m.,
the estimated time of death.
We will start with you, the heroine of Mr. Tetsuyama's film.
Miss Mishio Natori.
Where do you want to go?
The only thing I have with me
is a make-up bag and a towel.
I have the key at the front desk.
"I was told to leave it at the counter before coming to the outside bathrooms."
I got up at 5 and came down at five-thirty from 6.
These bathrooms overlook the lake,
and you can see the sunrise from here.
-I like the terms very much, me. -Ah.
Tell me.
Was the relationship that you had with Mr. Tetsuyama
was it a typical actress and screenwriter?
-Yes. Bullshit!
Master Tetsuyama had made a pass at her many times.
"There's a rumor going around that the master gave you the role of the heroine
because you had become his lover."
What?
I got the part because I'm a good actress!
I'm not like you, who sucked up to him...
to be a candidate for the lead role.
Candidate?
I am the protagonist!
And then?
At 5 o'clock, where was the protagonist?
Ah... Well... At 5 o'clock I was still asleep.
I went down to the baths just before 6 am.
I only have my towel, my cigarette and my room key.
Why didn't you leave it at the reception, the key?
I was too lazy.
I didn't leave the key at the front desk either.
When I saw that the Mishio didn't come back to the room,
I came looking for it.
I only have my wallet, cell phone and room key with me.
And at 5 o'clock I was watching TV.
Mm.
At 5 o'clock in the morning?
That's early.
Yes.
I got up at just after 4:00,
and half past 5 I went downstairs to get change.
Didn't you ask to buy a can of coffee from the machine?
It's very early.
It's half past five.
Beat it, marrec.
Eh?
At 5:30 at 5:30, I was at the drinks machine.
Ah... Yes.
Understood.
Conan's testimony shows us
that Mr. Tanzawa would not have been able to hide in the hallway
to assassinate Mr. Tetsuyama.
What?
She was murdered?
-Wasn't it an accident? -You're serious?
Yes, but we're still not a hundred percent sure.
"The killer is one of these 3."

"One of these 3 has murdered Mr. Tetsuyama."
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

I know who the murderer is:
the woman next to me!
"It is seen that the murderer was so focused on the paper
"That he doesn't remember that he has hidden the final proof
in his own pocket."
(Agasa voice) The murderer is right here.
I have it right in front of my eyes.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The crime of the hot springs (part two)."

