(Conan voice) "Dr. Agasa has taken us to a spa hotel in Hakone,
"where they're filming a remake of a very famous movie:
'The Scarlet Terms'."
"There's the screenwriter there, in Ganji Tetsuyama;
"Mishio Natori, the lead actress;
"His assistant, in Junsaku Tanzawa,
and the lead actor, Unpei Terada."
"Early the next day, we went to the outdoor baths....
and found Mr. Tetsuyama dead in the women's restroom."
"Everything indicates that the killer had been waiting for the victim all night,
"And after beating her,
he mingled among the people lined up to enter the bathrooms."
"The only ones who may have left the rooms unseen are the Mishio Natori
are the Mishio Natori, Junsaku Tanzawa and Unpei Terada."
"By force, the killer... must be one of these three."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"The culprit falls into the trap and the mystery is finally solved."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The crime of the closed hot springs (part two)"
I know who the murderer is: the woman next to me!
Yesterday, in Tetsuyama, I was talking on my cell phone...
with a woman at the hotel bar.
"It seems that she had decided to go to the baths with him,
to watch the sunrise in private."
"The teacher said that if he didn't like the lead actor,
he could change."
He has used his charms to lure in Tetsuyama here.
It makes sense.
That's why we found her in the women's restroom.
Tell us the truth!
The woman you were talking to, was it you?
That's right, it was me.
We arranged to meet at dawn in the women's restroom
to bathe together until the first customers came.
But I wasn't planning to go.
I just wanted to make a fool out of that filthy pervert
by exposing him to the whole world.
And I assure you that I'm not the first actress
who has suffered the sexual harassment of that wretch.
So, both you and Mr. Terada...
had motive to kill Mr. Tetsuyama.
Hey, wait a minute!
He had a good motive too!
Five years ago, he lost a leading role...
because of Master Tetsuyama,
and he hasn't acted since!
-Is that true? -Yes.
At first, I hated her for what she had done to me,
but then I thanked her.
Thanks to him I've had the opportunity to do things
that I had never considered doing before.
And I didn't hate him to the point of wanting to murder either!
I tell him the same thing.
-Inspector Yokomizo -Mm?
This was in a wastebasket in the locker room.
It looks like a bottle of green tea.
But the liquid inside, I'd say it's not tea.
No.
We think it's just water.
And we also found extinguished matches in the lake water,
near the crime scene.
Extinguished matches?
Why?
-Inspector. -Mm?
Why don't you call the employees
who were guarding the bathroom doors earlier this morning,
and ask them if they've seen these 3 people?
That's right.
If someone's been hiding here tonight,
he can't have gotten through the glass doors without being seen.
(Man) Man, in here, the light is too low.
Out here, we don't turn up the lights until it's 6 o'clock in the morning.
And on top of that, between the police and the customers,
so many people have passed by that I can't tell you who is who.
But we can tell you that Mr. Tetsuyama arrived first,
and shortly after these four children came.
Earlier you told us that master Tetsuyama
had special privileges,
and he could enter the baths before anyone else.

Yes, he really liked to be the first to enter.
When the master was staying at the hotel,
we would turn on the light in the bathrooms before five-thirty five
and we would let him go in first.
-Inspector -Mm?
We have discovered that the victim is missing a ring.
-A ring? -Yes.
We found the case in the room.
"It has a plaque on it: 'Nichiuri Television's Breakthrough Screenwriter Award'."
Ah, yes, it must be that ring with a stone as big as a pea.
You're right, a silver ring.
He wore it to go to parties, to make speeches....
He said it was his amulet, and that it gave him good luck.
-And you haven't found it? -No.
"Maybe they threw it in the lake with the murder weapon."
You didn't find anything, in the suspects' room?
Yes, we found some strange things.
The ashtray in Mr. Terada's room is full of unlit matches.
Unlit matches?
Now I won't be able to light cigarettes with matches!
In Mr. Tanzawa's room there is a bag with some gloves,
both left-handed.
Because they are golf gloves.
A lot of people only wear them on their left hand so they don't slip.
Like me, I'm right-handed.
And at the wastebasket in Miss Natori's room
there's a broken wine glass,
and on the table, a script with some crumpled pages.
I was rehearsing!
To the script there is a scene where my character crumples up some papers
and throws a wine glass on the floor.
"I did it unconsciously."
When I act, I always become my character.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He becomes his character..."
"Sure, now I get it!"
"The murderer was so focused on his role...
"That he no longer remembers that he has hidden the ultimate proof...
...in his own pocket."
-Inspector Yokomizo -Mm?
I just spoke to the front desk staff.
And then?
Miss Natori left the key at 5:30 at 6:00 and hasn't come back for it yet,
and she hasn't come back for it yet.
At about 2:00 a.m.,
Mr. Terada is called to the front desk to have someone sent to him
to check the heat pump in the room.
Yes, I couldn't seem to get my head around the controls.
And Mr. Tanzawa went to ask for a change to a room of 5?
It was confirmed to me.
He changed 1,000 yen into 100 yen coins.
You guys!
Before we arrived,
are you sure no one entered the main building from the baths?
Yes, sir.
This proves that, this morning,
the 3 suspects were in the main building.
They could not have been hiding all night in the hallway of the outside toilets.
Therefore, this little boy's theory does not hold water!
But that's not...
-Good morning, doctor. He's up.
This means that the killer must have entered
the outdoor toilets from the lake,
and once he's killed Mr Tetsuyama,
he fled through the same place.
All right, let's go investigate around the lake.
Go investigate around the lake.
(Agasa voice) I think this won't be necessary.
Do you know why?
Because the killer is right here.
I have it right in front of my eyes.
(Agasa voice) Help me!
I had no idea, that there has been a murder.
Quiet, you just have to pretend to talk.
Hey!
Why are you sticking your nose where it doesn't belong?
Oh, I was just saying...
if someone hides all night in the outer hallway,
they're bound to leave clues.
-How could they not have seen them? -How could they not have seen them? -But what clues?
The bottle of green tea,
which only had water in it when they found it in the locker room.
And the extinguished matches they found floating in the waters of the lake.
"At this time of year, the wind is blowing off the lake....
and it's too cold to spend the whole night outside."
The killer could also enter the baths for the terrace.
"But in the dark and with the heating off,
he wouldn't have been able to stand the cold."
The only way to warm up would be....
You mean the killer soaked himself?
Yes, that's right.
The perpetrator drank all the tea.
"And then refilled the bottle with tap water."
"I'm sure he spent the whole night soaking."
Bathing in these waters always makes you thirsty.
And the extinguished matches we found floating in the lake?

The killer smoked to stay awake.
"And he did it outside because the toilets didn't smell of tobacco."
Then it was you, because you carry cigarettes.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, wait a minute!
I said he smoked,
but I didn't say the killer smoked cigarettes.
What?
That he didn't smoke... cigarettes?
A pipe... Wait a minute, wait a minute!
If this person smoked a pipe...
Yes, that's right.
So that the person who has been hiding all night in the outside toilets
was the man who has been found dead, Mr. Tetsuyama!
(All) What?!
Then who was the man who passed through the door....
at half past five in the morning at 5:30 a.m.?!
The perpetrator of the crime, who was dressed as Mr. Tetsuyama.
No one would have imagined
that the victim would hide all night at the scene of the crime,
and that he would patiently await the arrival of his killer.
We have fallen into a psychological trap.
Is this true?
This morning, did they let her in, Mr. Tetsuyama, yes or no?
Yes!
At least... we thought it was him.
"He was walking a little lame."
And he looked at us with that look of superiority
that was his trademark.
But the terrace was dimly lit,
and this person, wasn't he wearing a wool cap,
glasses and had a towel wrapped around his neck?
-Well, yes.
You knew him very well, in Tetsuyama.
You both are or have been actors.
This means that both of you could have impersonated the victim.
Hey, hey, hey!
This woman... she's an actress, she's also a suspect!
She could have disguised herself in many layers of clothing,
and looked at them with a dog face, without saying anything!
"Yesterday at the bar you told him that if he went to the women's restroom,
I'll bathe with him until the people arrive."
And then you asked him to wait for you hiding right there.
It all fits, doesn't it?
No, it would all fit if the person Mr. Tetsuyama was talking to
had been Miss Natori.
What do you mean?
This woman lied to us?
She did it because she wanted to protect a person.
"Mr. Terada overheard Mr. Tetsuyama's conversation."
If Miss Natori had told us
that she didn't talk to the victim, there's only one other candidate:
the real culprit.
Miss Natori's assistant, Mr. Tanzawa.
You are the murderer.
T-This is ridiculous!
I didn't lie!
Mr. Tanzawa probably called Mr. Tetsuyama.
"He told him Miss Natori was going to the baths first thing in the morning."
"If he wanted to spy on her bathing, he had to hide outside all night."
The only one who could have this information was you,
because you are his assistant.
When he heard this, Mr. Tetsuyama replied:
"You've finally made up your mind, it's about time!
I am sure that he had been pressing him in this regard for some time.
The victim could have gone to the toilets before they were opened,
to hide on the women's side.
But you told him
that if the employees told Ms. Natori about it,
they would make her suspicious and she might turn tail.
With this ploy, you got...
the victim to hide in the hallway outside.
"In rooms 5, she disguised herself and headed for the restrooms."
"Once in the locker room, he took off his disguise...
and persuaded Tetsuyama to go inside."
"He hit him on the head and killed him."
"His plan was to blend in among the customers
and re-enter the bathrooms."
He wanted to eliminate the clues he had left at the crime scene, but....
"...the children arrived earlier than he expected,
"And when they found the body,
instead of panicking, they blocked the entrance to the toilets."
"His intention was to remove all traces of his crime,
but in the end he couldn't."
And so he had no choice but to....
You speak as if you had seen everything!
-Do you have any proof? -Yes, I have proof.
Hey, Conan, what are you doing hiding here?
And why are you talking to the voice transformer?
Are you talking to Dr. Agasa's voice?
-Why don't you talk to you? -Don't bother him.
Dr. Agasa doesn't know anything about the case, and Conan is helping him.
Oh, right. (Conan's voice) Thank you, Ay.
They don't deserve it.

I don't betray my friends like you have.
What do you mean? Mm!
(Agasa voice) Ah!
That was of no importance.
I've only seen your ass.
Your ass?
Whose ass did you see?
(Agasa voice) Oh!
No, no one.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oops! I spoke with Dr. Agasa's voice."
Ah!
But he knew something that only the killer could know.
I'm talking about Mr. Tanzawa.
"For this he has made his way and entered the baths first."
-And this is the proof. -Eh?
If children block the entrance,
the normal reaction is to go and see what happened.
Yes, but this is the women's restroom.
The logical thing is that first there is a woman to go in
to check that no one is there.
Yes...
Mr. Tanzawa knew
that the bathrooms would only find the corpse of Mr. Tetsuyama
and the children.
And he also knew that seeing a group of naked children
was of no importance.
What-what... what's wrong with you, Ai?
It's like you're a ghost from a horror movie!
You-make-you're so scary!
Is this the test?
Don't make me laugh.
I have a more concrete test, and you already know what it is.
Mr. Tanzawa still has it on him.
He told us about a silver ring with a stone as big as a pea,
and he said this to protect his assistant.
-To protect him? -Exactly.
If Mr. Tanzawa were wearing such a ring,
we all would have noticed it.
But now, if you look closely,
you'll see that the finger on the left hand has a blackened ring on it,
which has gone unnoticed.
Show me your hand!
This ring?
When he asked her to show him her things....
"... he remembered that he was still wearing the ring in his trouser pocket,
because he had forgotten to get rid of it."
Then he put it on, without taking his hand out of his pocket.
And the most important thing: he put it on with the stone facing inwards.
What I don't understand is why he put it on.
So that the sulfur in the water has blackened the silver.
-Mm? -These waters are sulfurous.
The silver in the ring has reacted
with the hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide,
and it has blackened.
"When he saw the victim's ring,
he thought it might be a giveaway."
"The killer wanted us to believe
that the victim had just entered the toilets."
He thought the ring might be a telltale sign.
But if the water has a high sulfur content,
it doesn't take long for the silver to turn black.
So he's screwed up, not to get rid of it.
(Conan voice) He couldn't help it.
Because he was playing the role of master Tetsuyama.
Master Tetsuyama always picked up the pipe with his left hand
because he was left-handed.
For this reason,
he kept the ring in his left trouser pocket.
Before getting rid of the ring,
the most important thing was to take out the lake, the blood-stained clothes and the murder weapon.
and the murder weapon.
"He pushed the button on the drink machine with his left hand,
and it set me off in a bad way."
Because he was already playing the role of Master Tetsuyama, right?
Yes.
I had a hard time.
It was the most unpleasant character
I've ever played in my life!
What?
You're serious?
Did you kill her because five years ago she stopped you
you from playing a part in a movie?
Yes.
You could say my motive was this.
Five years ago she wouldn't give me the role of the hit man
in "The Scarlet Terms", the movie we are shooting now.
My interpretation of the assassin as a young man
received very good reviews,
and he wanted to continue with the character.
Perhaps you thought I was too young to play this role.
Yes, I thought so too, and that's just what he told me.
"That I couldn't convey the melancholy of age,
and that I had to accumulate more experiences in life."
So I stopped acting and started working for it.
"I lived what I had never lived when I was an actor:
the hardest and most insignificant jobs."
"Yes. But I was convinced that that was what the master wanted from me."
"When I heard they wanted to do a remake of 'The Scarlet Terms,' I called him to beg him to do it,
I called him to beg him to give me the part."

"But he was so drunk he didn't realize it was me."
That Junsaku Tanzawa is the killer?
No!
Impossible, he's too good an actor.
He played the role when he was young.
"I don't want people to say
that the actor in the 'remake' is better than the actor in the original."
At that moment I realized that, whatever I did,
the role would not be mine.
It wouldn't be mine as long as Master Tetsuyama was alive.
When I was a little boy, the black-and-white version of "The Scarlet Baths?"
inspired me to become an actor.
I wanted this role at any cost.
But I've come to the conclusion that maybe I don't have what it takes.
I'm a mediocre assassin: I killed the master but you guys got me.
I don't deserve the role because I'm not good enough.
Mishio, woman everything you have inside you.
The hostess character will make you a star.
I can't.
You're the one who taught me that I have to become my character
until we finish shooting the film.
I am the woman who hired the hit man.
My character is an unscrupulous woman...
who tries to kill the killer in cold blood.
I don't feel strong enough... to play this role.

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
- (Agasa) Children, don't leave anything behind! - (all) Understood!
When we return home we will explain everything that has happened to us.
(Shinichi's voice) Doctor Agasa, pst! What?
After the bath I've put on a clean change of clothes
and since then I feel that my butt itches a lot.
Can you look at me? OK.
Speaking of baths...,
a while ago I saw the Ay coming into the men's room.
What's that?
Why? I don't know.
He said he was looking for something.
It's red and a little inflamed.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?!
-What do you mean? -That's the chili pepper.
If you wash with water, it will pass.
Ah, they put chili powder inside your underpants.
(Conan voice) What? Come on, don't make that face.
It's just a kid's ass.
If anyone sees it, it doesn't matter.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Bad witch!"
Thief!
Catch him!
(Shinichi, thinks) Stop!
You can't pass! Who says it can't?
No!
His name was Kanemura and he was a registered criminal.
Yes, he was from a gang of swindlers, wasn't he?
(Shinichi, think) "The scene of crime
"It was between Natsuhabara Station and Beika Station,
and near Sugame Station."
I understand how he felt.
But he didn't have to take it like that!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode: The vigilante '.

