(Pip)
(Pip)
(Pip)
Come on, old man!
I'm looking forward to it too.
-Come on, de pressa. -Eh, uh... (Pip) Excuse me.
Oh, that's rude, isn't it?
Thief!
He stole my wallet.
Get him!
(Thinking) "Wow! That's what we saw at the station."
Stop!
It can't happen.
Who says it can't?
Watch out, kid.
No!
Eh... Thank you very much.
Join us, please.
Would you like to make some... Oh!
Hey, you...
Oh, wow!
What is it, that?
Wow!
"After a while of asking us questions,
"The police let us go
and we got back on the Tohti circle line."
Eh?
There's something going on there.
What's going on there?
"Three stops further on, to Sugame station,
something serious had happened."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Who, in reality, is the Justiciar? Is he the storyteller?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The vigilante"
(Takagi) His name was Kanemura and he was a registered criminal.
Yes, he was from a gang of swindlers, wasn't he?
Yes.
Their specialty is scamming elderly people who live alone.
They gain their trust
and then pretend they're advising them to make investments.
When the grandparents find out they're broke, some of them commit suicide and everything.
What did he die of?
He was hit in the forehead.
The corpse has no other injuries.
Hm.
The killer must have a lot of strength.
Eh?
I say that because there's no sign of a struggle here.
The killer must be very strong, if he killed him with a single blow to the forehead.
What are you doing here?
We came here because we saw you from the subway.
Come on, come on, Conan, let's go, we mustn't disturb.
Oh!
You again?
Oh!
It's true, we saw each other a while ago.
So, you already know each other?
Yes, we just met this morning.
What are you doing here?
We brought you here as a witness to the crime.
What?
Yes, after I got off the subway with you,
I picked it up again, and from there I saw...
how that man gave a blow with a cane to that man on the ground.
I went down to the Beika station and called the police.
He's the head of the gang of swindlers in Teruhiko Kiriya.
-There will be a war between them.
I-I had nothing to do with it!
I was just strolling around nearby.
"You say you saw it from inside the subway?"
"How strange!"
Hey, sir, what about the cane? Eh?
I left it because, actually, I walk beautifully, without a cane.
What happens is that, when I carry it, people think I'm walking with a limp,
and so everyone treats me rather... He-he!
"The victim died of a blow to the forehead...
and this man says he saw her being attacked from inside the subway."
"I don't believe it."
How many times do I have to repeat myself?
I tell you I didn't kill him!
Then why were you near the crime scene?
Someone phoned me.
He told me that he was a friend of Kanemura's
and that he told him to wait for me there.
A friend of the victim?
Who was he?
I have no idea.
His voice didn't ring a bell.
This story is hard to believe.
I'm really sorry.
It's true, I promise you!
Someone has set me up!
Is he a storyteller, that grandfather in the subway?
Yes.
I heard him say it when I was at the police station to investigate a case.
He has a little theater and he tells stories in Sazanka Park.
He's very curious.
Well, as this case is almost solved,
it's not worth a famous detective's time.
"We hope it's true, that."

Yes, it is true that yesterday I saw Mr. Mouri at the police station,
but I thought he said he was not interested in this case.
I do not know that.
I only know that he told me to check this information.
Very well, all right.
I'll do that.
"And I'll take care of what's missing."
Ha-ha-ha!!!
Now the whole Earth will be mine.
No way, King of Darkness!
This voice rings a bell.
Already the Justifier has come.
Prepare to receive!
The time has come for justice to be done!
(laughter)
Ran!
Be quiet.
Now you'll know who I've done it to you.
The staff of the King of Darkness
begins to emit the terrible black light.
(scoundrel) Oooh!
- (man) Be on your guard, Vigilante! -(man) Out, out!
-(man) I want to see it too, okay? - (man) Hey!
What are you doing, kid?
If you're late, you have to stay behind.
(man) Eh? (man) Oh!
Shut up.
First, apologize.
Whether you are a child or an old person
your behavior should always be straight.
Forgive.
Forgive.
Ah!
Now I like you.
What, children, let him watch this story with you?
YES!
-Go, let him sit here in the middle. (boy) Thank you very much.
- (girl) See you now! - (boy) Run, run!
(boy) Bye-bye!
Bye, bye!
See you another day!
"Whether you're a child or an old person..."
You scold them if you have to scold them,
but at the same time, you show that you have a good heart because you know how to forgive.
Ah, you're the girl from the subway.
I had not been able to thank you for having helped us
when we were in a dangerous situation.
Thank you very much for your brave gesture.
And besides, I wanted to give you back això.Oh!
Thank you very much!
Mrs. Mitsu is your wife, perhaps?
For a long time I dreamed that she would be.
A few days ago she died of a long illness.
Oh, I'm sorry!
If I had known, I wouldn't have told you.
Don't be sorry.
Did you only come for the photo?
Actually, no, I didn't;
I wanted to know why you left without even leaving your name,
after having the pickpocket arrested.
But what are you saying?
It didn't even occur to me that I had to leave my name.
I didn't do anything out of the ordinary.
But then he saw another incident from the subway
and you went to tell the police, why?
Hello, Conan.
That other case was very different.
It was a murder.
You couldn't pretend nothing had happened.
And why didn't you report it right away?
Why didn't you get off at Beika station?
Because I don't carry a cell phone and, besides, I didn't see the conductor anywhere.
And you're sure you didn't get off at any other stop?
Oh no!
Of course I didn't.
It didn't even cross my mind.
What, kid, are you satisfied now?
Cause I'd have to go now, you know?
Goodbye and thank you, girl.
Hey, hi, Conan.
Good thing I found you!
I know what information you came for, in Mouri, at the police station.
It was about the victims of the gang of swindlers.
It's just curious, because some of them were friends of Mr. Norizuki.
What? What?
And the man looks like he's a fifth dan in kendo.
Hey, hey, wait a minute.
Does this mean that my father suspects the man?
I don't know that.
I only know that he reported it.
But they've already arrested the culprit.
Yes, but he still denies everything.
I'm going to talk to the stop.
Hey, wait, Ran!
"I must hurry to find out what happened."
Mr. Mouri has asked me to ask you to find out what happened.
Mouri asked me to ask you for more information.
More?
"The scene of the crime was between Natsuhabara Station
and Beika Station and near Sugame Station."
"The security camera."
"I'm going to ask Agent Takagi to help me with this as well."
Oh!
Oh!
What is it?
It's here.
"I understand now. I see what happened."
Come on, Father, wake up.
You told us that case was almost solved.
Why do you still suspect that poor old man?
I don't suspect, I'm sure.
What?
You're sure of what?
I'm sure this beer is delicious.
Mm...
Sure it is.
Oh! (Laughs)
"I don't think so."
"It was a punishment from heaven for making so many old people suffer."
"The Vigilante intervened because someone had to."

Him again! "That's it."
"We return the connection to the studios."
What if it's...?
It can't be.
(Takagi) Ah.
Hello, Conan.
No, I haven't had time to do what you asked me to do yet.
But it's good that you called me,
because we just found out some new information.
"Will you pass it on to Mouri, please?" New information?
Obri'm, please.
Excuse me, what's at home?
Anybody here?
A diary!
"What?! Have you identified another of the gang of swindlers?"
Yes.
His name is Takashi Motegi.
He is 25 years old.
We've learned that he swindled a very large amount of money from a lady who is a close friend of Mr. Norizuki.
from a lady who is a close friend of Mr. Norizuki.
"We are trying to locate him, but we haven't found him yet."
Agent Takagi, can you give me the grandfather's address?
La Ran!
(Dog: borda, from far away)
(barking)
Ah.
(Dog: barks, from afar)
(Dog barks, far away) -Huh? -Aah!
Aah!
-No, sisplau. Aah!
No!
Stop it!
Don't do it.
(Norizuki) Again?
(Norizuki) Oh!
As I couldn't believe what happened,
I went to your house to talk to you directly.
You'll forgive me, but I read that.
It was Mitsu's diary, wasn't it?
But I saw that you had also written in it.
What does this mean?
It's in Takashi Motegi?
Police.
You're in custody.
Is it?
In custody?
Why is that?
Well, because, as you can see,
this gentleman wants to eliminate him.
But, Father... I-I don't understand.
Isn't it true, Inspector?
I only know that you told Agent Takagi...
that it was better to protect this man.
I beg your pardon?
I don't remember talking to Agent Takagi about thi...
Aah... aah...
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Norizuki,
don't think you can fool the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
I know that yesterday you killed Mr. Kanemura.
Is it Kogoro Mouri?
You don't know what's wrong with you.
I was a witness to the murder, not the perpetrator.
This is what you say,
but he seemed suspicious to me from the beginning.
First, because he said he had seen the murder from the subway,
"But at that point the subway passes in a straight line and, therefore,
you couldn't see what was going on under the bridge."
That's true.
Takagi.
Yes, say.
You want this, don't you?
It's Mr. Norizuki's subway card.
We asked for it
to have it analyzed by the Tohti Circle Line technicians.
And I gave it to them without any problem.
And what did they tell you, these subway technicians?
That you entered the Natsuhabara Station
to take the subway at 13:35, according to the card.
The next entry says
that you left at Beika station at 14:15.
-Of course I did.
It seems logical, doesn't it? -No, that's why it's so suspicious.
What?!
The time of entry is not the problem;
it's the time of departure that's the problem.
"At Conan and Ran they brought Hatabata down
because of the pickpocket incident, but you didn't go down there."
Takagi, what time did you arrive, the subway, at Beika station?
At 14:00. That's strange.
It took a quarter of an hour to get out of that station?
What does it mean?
It means that he went down to Sugame in order to carry out his plan
and took the next subway.
This would explain this quarter of an hour difference.
What an imagination you have, Mr. Mouri!
If this were true,
these movements would have been recorded on the card.
Yes.
But on the card there is no mark of having entered or left Sugame.
Then how do you explain this quarter of a difference?
I'm ashamed to say it,
but at my age, we often have to go to the bathroom.
When I got off the subway at Beika station,
I had to run to the toilet first.
That's why it took me a while to come out.
We should look at the images from the station cameras.
You mean the security cameras? Oh, really?
Just to Sugame, the cameras were covered up by some construction work.
Yes, and you already knew that.
That's why you decided to commit the crime near there, right?
"Another reason is that that station is used by a lot of elderly people
and, therefore, it would go unnoticed."
It doesn't matter.
You called the victim to tell him to go under the bridge.

near Sugame station
"And he was able to get off the subway without being caught on camera."
"Then he attacked in Kanemura and got back on the subway."
"And then he called Kiriya to go over there
so he wouldn't have any alibi."
That's impossible.
How could I get out of Sugame station
without being marked on the card?
I asked Agent Takagi to look at the images from the cameras at Natsuhabi
from Natsuhabara Station.
Natsuhabara Station?
A camera recorded images
showing Mr. Norizuki doing a strange maneuver:
"He went through the access machines validating the card,
but immediately went back and validated it again."
Why did he validate it again?
It's very easy: because he thought he hadn't swiped the card properly and it hadn't been marked.
and it hadn't been marked.
It's hard for us older people to operate these machines.
No, Mr. Norizuki, that's what you would have us believe, isn't it?
But why do you say that?
Because now we know that, underneath the multi-trip card,
you were hiding a single ticket.
A ticket?
The first time you went through the machine,
you marked the card.
But you pretended to make a mistake and swiped it again,
"And then you put in the bill you were hiding."
"The pickpocket gave you a push,
and you put your hand on top of the machine and picked up the ticket."
"Then you took the subway
"And went down to Sugame to commit the murder,
and then you bought another ticket and got back on."
"To get out to Beika he punched the card
he had used to enter Natsuhabara."
The ticket he bought to Natsuhabara was kept by the machine
when he went down to Sugame,
and I'm sure his fingerprints are still on it.
You're a good detective, Mr. Mouri,
but what I did was justified.
He had brought it on himself.
Justice had to be done.
It's not true.
Eh?
Ran!
I know you're an upright man and you scold when you should scold,
but you also have a good heart and know how to forgive.
Why didn't you do it, then?
There are some things that are too big and I don't know how to forgive.
Because the Mitsu died
from the disgust of knowing that he had been swindled?
Yes, girl, it killed her.
"I knew she'd been swindled when I read it in her diary,
after she died."
"I felt so angry! Forgive? I could never forgive them!"
"All I wanted was for justice to be done!"
I understand how she felt, but she didn't have to take it that way.
If he had read the last one Mitsu wrote in his diary,
I'm sure he would have understood.
The last one he wrote?
Co-how can that be?
(Mitsu voice) "The Justiciar taught me to forgive others."
"That's why I forgive the man who cheated me."
"I was a poor old woman who lived alone,
and he was always very kind to me."
"It cannot be that his smiles and his tokens of kindness
were always false."
"I want to believe that, deep down, he is a good person."
"I can't die resenting someone."
"That's what the Vigilante taught me. And I thank him for it."
I didn't know, all this.
When I learned of the evil they had done at Motegi and their gang,
I was blinded with rage and could see no more.
My God!
I'm dying of shame.
If I had been a real vigilante,
I would have known how the Mitsu really felt.
She believed that deep down I was good, and forgave me.
"Just as the Ran made her see,
there are some things we can't do, if we want to be human beings."
"And if we say we want to do justice, though less so."
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.


In Motegi he confessed to his crimes,
and in Kiriya he was arrested again for another scam.
(Pip)
(Machine) "Unreadable card. Please come again."
Eh?
What's wrong with you now, Father? These readers do not know how to read.
Look: I put the card as it should be put.
Yeah, but this card is the one from the video store.
What is it?
Oh!
It's true.
"Who's the one who can't read here, huh?"
"Mika Tatezato."
This woman wants to go see her father
but she's on the police most wanted list.
What is it, this noise?
Grrr!
Aaaaah!
It's true:
this case has to do with something the river spirit did!
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The river spirit'."

