"Dear Mr. Mouri, I know your reputation as a detective,
and that's why I would like to ask you one thing:
11 years ago, I was unjustly accused of a murder,
and I would like you, with your great powers of deduction,
to prove my innocence.
So that I can explain everything,
come on December 19 in the morning at the Kora inn in Kuchibash,
in the prefecture of Gunma, near the place of the murder.
Mika Tatezato ".
Oh!
He is very strong.
This man who says he wants to talk to you
is wanted by the police for a murder.
Yes, maybe he is, daughter.
And you say that like it's nothing?
You can't do this, father.
It's true.
In a case like this, you should call the police.
Yes, I already have.
I talked to that oaf in Yamamura in Gunma,
but I got a surprise,
because he told me that he doesn't know of any murder 11 years ago.
Besides, there is no fugitive who claims to be Mika Tatezato.
That blessed man says that I'm sure it's a joke.
I don't know, maybe it's true.
Eh?
Then why are we going to Kuchibash?
We have to go by force
because the money that was in the envelope
we spent last night at the restaurant.
But what do you say, now?
He sent you money and you've already spent it all?
(Thinking) "Now I get it."
"I was already surprised that he was generous when it came to ordering food and drink."
Anyway, we'll go and soon find out if he's joking or not.

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Does it exist or not, the spirit of the river?
who seems to have committed a mysterious murder?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The spirit of the river (part one)"
Ah!
You animal!
You wanted me to kill it?
P-excuse me.
By any chance you're not going to the inn Kora?
Yes, yes anem.
Oh!
Please, could you take me there?
I have a reservation to spend tonight.
Oh, you do?
Well, get in.
Thank you very much.
How fortunate that you have passed!
I had intended to walk from the station,
but I ran out of strength halfway.
You don't call yourself Tatezato, by any chance?
No, I call myself Rokuro Tokubi, at your service.
You said you wanted to walk from the station,
but isn't it a bit far, the inn?
Yes.
I used to work as an elementary school teacher in this region.
and I used to enjoy walking through these woods to contemplate the scenery,
but now I don't do so much exercise and I get tired very quickly.
It has been several years since that school closed
and I stopped working as a teacher because I was just an unknown painter.
Oh, by the way, to abuse your generosity,
may I ask you to stop for a moment to visit a tomb?
What?
A grave, you say?
So, the current took a child and he died drowned?
Yes.
The poor creature's name was Tatsuhiko Numayama,
and it seems he was swept down the river into the swamp.
Just a moment.
Do you know if it has anything to do with a murder that was committed 11 years ago?
That wasn't a murder, it was an accident.
Apparently, the boy was playing in the river even though it was raining..,
and he was swept away by a flood.
But it seems to me that it was 10 years ago, not 11.
Oh!
Hello, Mr. Tokubi.
What?
Uh, hello, Araiwa.
You've also come to honor the grave?
Yes, of course, because it's been years since Tatsuhiko's death today.
Excuse me, huh, but I find this tomb very little.
Yes, it is.
The real tomb is not that one.
This is just a small memorial
that his classmates made for him.
Down here we simply buried several objects of his.

I have also gone to honor his grave for real, as is natural.
But why did you do it here, this?
Because he was right there when he was carried away
this river that... seems so little.
And to think that 11 years ago today, of that tragedy...!
Oh!
11 years ago today?
Surely this has nothing to do with the murder that the letter said?
What letter?
How did you know he was here, when he was swept away by the current?
Don't they say he was found dead in a swamp down below?
Here was a shoe of his.
It was found stuck between the stones at the bottom of the river.
The police came to the conclusion
that Tatsuhiko was playing in the river and got his foot caught.
Then it started to rain very hard
and soon a flood came and washed him away.
But it is very strange that he was playing in the river in December, isn't it?
Where exactly did you find the shoe?
-I've always wondered about that.
I-I remember perfectly well.
It was between those stones here, on this kind of footbridge.
And this shoe, do you know where it is now?
Yes, we buried it under the monument.
If you take out the stones, you'll find it though.
Aaaah!
Oh!
Oysters! Poor things!
-No, it has not been greu.- Lucky that it is not deep.
The paints and utensils have not been damaged,
but the sketchbook has become unusable.
And the incense sticks can no longer be burned.
On the other hand, since my bag is waterproof, practically nothing has gotten wet,
practically nothing has gotten wet.
The clothes and the pillow are dry, and no water has gotten into the bottles.
Hey!
I know what you are doing here!
Who are you?
Your faces look familiar.
Ah... I was a friend of Tatsuhiko's. I was Tatsuhiko's friend, and I've come to honor the grave.
To honor the grave, you say?
This is just a pile of stones!
It's over now.
My poor son has been dead for 11 years now.
Remove yourself from the head.
Your son?
So, that man was poor Tatsuhiko's father?
Yes, and besides, he's the owner of the inn where we're all staying tonight.
Wow!
And how is it that we met at that spot on the river, just like that?
It seems to me that he was standing guard.
What? He was standing guard there?
His holster is a little high
and you can see that, if you look out of that window in the attic,
you can see this whole area.
(Kogoro) No?
You mean?
Are you sure there isn't a person named Mika Tatezato staying here?
I'm very surprised, because I'm meeting her here first thing in the morning.
Well, she's not here.
And do you know anything about a murder that took place here 11 years ago?
-No. -You sure you don't?
Well, I do.
But, in fact, it was the work of a kappa, a river spirit.
A kappa?
A kappa? Yes.
There are many legends of the kappas in this region.
About 12 or 13 years ago,
some people started to say that they had seen kappas around here.
and journalists with cameras started coming here.
Soon after, a boy drowned in the river....
and people started saying it was the kappa.
But then no one ever saw him again,
and people stopped coming in this inhospitable place.
W-wait.
This letter is signed by one Mika Tatezato,
and if you separate the ideograms that make up the name, mi-ka and tate-Zato,
and mix them together to form two,
e-e-e-e-the result is the name kappa.
Ya-ya-ya is clear:
this kappa wrote to my father
to come and prove his innocence.
We are already?
I don't want to hear these stories again.
If someone talks about ghosts that don't exist again,
I'll do it out of my sling.
(Kogoro) You mean you lost it on the riverbank, the mobile?
It seems to me that yes, because, when those two have fallen into the water,
I was answering a message I had received from the Sonoko
and then I must have dropped it.
Couldn't we do this tomorrow?
I thought so too, but in Conan says no.
It's better that we look for it now while the cell phone still has battery.
If we call, it will ring and we will feel it.
(Owl: screeching)
This is where we were this afternoon.
We separated selected to look for him.
Conan, have you dialed the number?
(Mobile)
Ah!
I got it.
(Water: splash)
(Water: splashing) What's wrong?
This noise...
Aaaaaaaaah!

Ran, what's wrong?
The ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-kappa! The kappa?
What kappa?
Well, you can't see anything around here, girl.
I saw it just now.
It was standing in the middle of the water and looked at me.
Ah!
I see you found the cell phone.
Ah... Yes.
Oh...
It's starting to rain.
We're leaving, aren't we? Yes, we'd better.
(Birds: twittering)
(Tokubi) What?!
You saw the kappa?
Yes.
It was my daughter.
She says she saw it in the middle of the water,
but I'm sure she saw a shadow or whatever.
I told you I really saw it!
I wouldn't be surprised... if there was a ghost there.
(Thinking) "Ah... A ghost?"
We'd better not talk about kappas or ghosts,
if we don't want the owner to come and make another scandal.
- (slides) -I'm sorry.
He's dead!
Mr. Numayama.
What?
"The man lay dead on the floor in the gloom of the garret."
"It seemed as if the spirit of the river had taken it
and carried her to the bottom of the swamp."
"It was soaked with green, foul-smelling water,
"and it seemed as if he wanted to cling
to the objects of his dead son."
What?
He drowned?
Exactly, the coroner just said so.
According to him,
the water found in his lungs clearly indicates it.
It's water that has the same characteristics
as the water that soaked his clothes.
Someone must have drowned somewhere with waterlogged water
and then transported him here.
It's true that it smelled like rotten water.
Yes.
Well, I think the culprit
must have carried the foul-smelling water here, in the inn.
I say it because this bucket
makes the same stench that he did.
That's true.
The culprit must have brought smelly water,
he was supposed to throw it into the bucket,
then he was to drown Mr. Numayama
by dunking his head in the bucket,
and finally poured the water from the bucket over him.
Yes, but what was Mr. Numayama doing up here in the attic?
It looks like he came up here every day.
The hotel receptionist explained to me that every day,
so he'd get up,
he'd go up in the loft and he'd be looking down at the river for a while.
He did it with those binoculars.
Yes, yes, but why?
I think he did it because...
his son drowned when he was swept away by the current.
He didn't want a repeat of the tragedy at Tatsuhiko,
and that's why he kept watch from up here.
Let's see what we can see.
Of course!
You can see the river perfectly.
But if it's true that he was thinking so much about his dead son,
why did he kick
the monument that his friends made for him?
It seems to me that it was neither the first nor the second kick he made.
Maybe there is something near the river.
I've talked to people here
and, according to what I've been told,
he had the habit of wandering along the riverbank
when everyone was already asleep.
I don't think so.
The only thing over there is this monument.
Now, wait a minute.
That shoe that was next to the corpse
would be Tatsuhiko's, right?
Didn't they say she was buried under the monument?
That's right.
Well, maybe the killer dug it up.
I don't think so.
The buried shoe was the one trapped between the stones.
That was the right one, and this is the left one.
Wow!
Well, this is the one he was wearing
when he was swept away by the river and ended up in the swamp, right?
So, he dropped a shoe.
Was he missing any other piece of clothing when they found him?
Of course he was!
When they found him, he was only wearing his swimsuit and the other shoe.
What?
He was wearing swimming trunks?
But it must have been very cold!
Maybe he was training for some cold water swimming event.
I've got it!
It's swamp water.
The water that was poured on Mr. Numayama is water from the swamp
where his son Tatsuhiko appeared.
The swamp became an illegal garbage dump.
Because it was dirty and had a strong smell,
the townspeople gave it a new name, the swamp,
a very fitting name: the Kappa's Infernal Pool!
The... Kappa's Infernal Toll?
Well, so po-po-perhaps it is true:
the ka-ka-kappa is capable of killing people.
Please, Miss Ran,

we are at a time when people are talking about going on vacation in space:
there is no one who believes that kappas exist anymore.
But... tonight, I...
Well, where is it, this swamp you said?
It's about 10 kilometers downstream, Inspector.
I'll call the coroner right away and have him come down.
I want you to compare the water in the swamp
with what they found in the victim's lungs and clothes.
You should also investigate
the personal belongings of the patrons of the inn.
I say this because I think the culprit filled the bucket in here.
If she had come in with the bucket full,
someone would have seen her and smelled a bad odor.
It is true.
To get the water into the inn,
she needed some kind of bottle or some kind of bottle that could be tightly closed.
Besides, this staircase that leads to the attic...
is next to the toilets.
Anyone who wanted to go up to the
could hide in the bathroom and hope that no one would pass by.
Therefore, any of the people in the inn...
could go up to the attic with the dirty water to commit this murder.
Yamamura, at what time is the victim estimated to have died?
I'll be right there!
Let's see.
According to the coroner, he died between 6 and 7 in the morning.
Is that so?
Then I want you to check the alibis of all the customers.
I'll go through and search the rooms
to see if there are any suspicious canisters or bottles.
Yes, sir!
Hey, it's not necessary for you to do the work I have to do.
Remember, I'm an inspector now.
Look: the only cans where I could have transported water are these.
The large ink bottles are 60 milliliters,
and these little pots are 15 milliliters,
but both are filled to the top.
And look at this fatter white one: it's half full.
The only thing I have empty is this water bottle.
I see it is 100 milliliters.
That's not enough to drown a person.
Yes, it's true.
Do you have any other can or bottle hidden in the room?
No, I don't think so.
Yesterday, after falling into the river,
he opened the suitcase and took out everything he was carrying,
and I don't remember there being anything else.
Why does he carry so many things to color?
Man, because he's a painter.
Ah!
He had been a teacher at the school where poor Tatsuhiko went.
Yes, and I wanted to come and burn incense on his grave.
That's why I spent the night here.
Very well, then tell me where you were...
and what you were doing this morning between 6 and 7 o'clock.
I was sleeping, until an employee of the inn...
came to tell me that breakfast was ready.
(Yamamura) You also came to burn incense at Tatsuhiko's grave?
Yes.
Before, all the classmates used to come, but now it's just me.
Yes, that's right.
And where were you and what were you doing today between 6 and 7 o'clock?
I got up at 7 o'clock and took a bath in the bathtub,
but I don't have anyone who can confirm it.
I see that you have two 500-milliliter bottles
that could be used to carry water.
One is sealed and the other is open,
but there's still more than half of the drink left.
Mmm... What's that?
Ah.
This is my water pillow.
It's to be filled with warm water.
It's a fantastic invention.
I've gotten so used to it, I don't know how to sleep with any other.
Ah, I've got it!
It's a water pillow!
Yesterday afternoon you had to fill it with smelly water from the swamp
in order to sneak into the inn.
And now there is no water so that you have used it to drown that man.
I have emptied it in the morning so that tonight I will not spend it here.
-I think he's telling the truth, huh?
After falling into the river, he also emptied the whole bag,
and I noticed that the water cushion was well empty.
But who knows if he did not go to the swamp on the sly to fill it.
Maybe he did, but I don't think so.
(Yamamura) A camera, a tripod,
a tape recorder, a laptop...
-What do you do? -I'm a journalist.
I investigate ghost legends all over the country.
I suppose you came here because you know the legend of the kappa.
Yes, but I haven't been able to gather much material so far.
Funny you should use a roller camera!

Why don't you use a digital camera like everyone else?
Because I used to be a photographer,
and I don't like the way digital photos look.
With all these boats on rollers, you could carry a lot of water.
-You know what I mean, don't you? -Hey, hey!
What are you insinuating, huh?
You should know that this morning, between 6 and 7 o'clock,
I was on the phone with the editor of my magazine.
I find that a little hard to believe.
I find it strange that I've been on the phone for an hour, so soon.
I had a hard time making him understand that I couldn't find any material for my story.
I'm running out of time and, on top of that, my camera has broken down.
What?
Your camera's broken?
Yes, because it got wet.
I went out to take pictures at night and a downpour fell.
Aaa... atxim!
I see that, by the way, you caught a cold.
Yes.
In fact, I already had a bit of a cold, but now I'm much worse.
"We know that Mr. Numayama has been drowned with foul-smelling water."
"If this water is from the same swamp
"Where his son Tatsuhiko was found dead.
"it means that the father's death and the son's death
have a very direct relationship."
"But why does the murderer want us to believe that it was the work of the river spirit?
that it was the work of the river spirit?"
("Tomorrow is the last time", Mai Kuraki)

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Ima nara wakaru yo.
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashikunai de
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time.
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanaretemo kokoro tsunagatteru...
Tomorrow is the last time.
Watashi to yume wo kanaete Saigo no tobidasou.
Shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo its time.

The kappa is back?
Maybe it's true, then.
Aaaaah!
Th-that means he's an alien!
"They put him inside a smaller boat and hid him inside."
(Yamamura voice) Now I will tell you the truth about this case.
I'm speaking to you as a Gunma police inspector.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Spirit of the River (Part Two)".

