(Shinichi voice) "According to the instructions.
"From a strange letter that Ran's father received,
we went to the Kora Inn in Gunma Prefecture."
"Along the way we met two people, in Rokuro Tokubi and Kazuki Araiwa,
"who explained to us that, 11 years ago,
"A boy by the name of Tatsuhiko Numayama
had drowned near the inn in a flood."
"Perhaps that death had something to do
with the murder the letter spoke of."
"We experienced a strange scene
"In which Tatsuhiko's father spoiled a small monument
that his son's friends had made for him near the river."
"The next morning they found the man, who was the owner of the inn,
"drowned in water from the same swamp
where Tatsuhiko's body had been found."
"Perhaps the kappa had done it,
a spirit the Ran saw at night in the river."
"Or else..."

Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite, Itteria kuru kara yeah stay with me.
"Regretting the passage of time takes us away from the mystery."
"Inspector Yamamura will reveal the sad secret
of the river spirit."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kiwadoi eiga no wan Shiina,
massugu Haat wo uchinukare.
Maru de yume no you ni sugite Itta kanji ta-la-ta....
Baby I need you.
Natsu ni naru to
nazeka umi ga koishii.
Wasureta hazu yo na no ni ni kokoro ga,
Baby Soko ni ita garu no.
Summer time gone Anata ga koishii.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Koko kara wa sueldo mueve modorenai ano natsu no.
Summer time gone wakatte iru no ni.
Summer time gone anna yatsu.
Itsuki Kitto koukai shite Itteria kuru kara yeah.
Summer time gone...
"The spirit of the river (part two)"
It seems that the ghost reporter...
is telling the truth.
The editor of your magazine confirmed to me
that they had been talking on the phone from 6:00 to 7:00 in the morning.
And it can't be that he suffocated the victim while they were talking on the phone.
-Inspector Yamamura! -Say.
All the employees of the inn have alibis.
At the time of the murder they were together in the kitchen preparing breakfast.
-He repeated it, sisplau: "Aaa..., aa....
-At the time of the murder... -What you said before.
What?
Let's see...
-All the employees of the... -No, before that.
Inspector Yamamura.
That's what I wanted to hear!
Doesn't it sound good, "inspector Yamamura"?
Oh, it sure does!
Very.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Who made him inspector, this piece of ass?"
Another thing:
they have confirmed that the water the victim was drowned in is from the swamp.
Let's see, they have been able to determine if someone left the inn,
since last night?
As far as we know, the only ones who went out...
were your group and Mr. Nohira.
Mr. Nohira told us that he wanted to take night photos of the area
and that he left the inn before you did.
We know that he came back later than you,
and that he was soaked from head to toe.
And why did you leave the inn, Mr. Mouri?
Because the Ran said that he had lost his cell phone near the river
and we went to look for it.
I-and then I saw it.
I-it was a real kappa!
This story again? It's true, I promise you it is!
I saw the kappa just when I had just found the cell phone!
Well, if you had the phone, why didn't you take a picture of it?
I, if I don't see it, I won't believe it. I was too scared.
Hey, if you describe it to me, I'll paint it.
The notebook got wet, but it's still usable.
Yes, but it had a kind of nose.
What was it like?
Like this?
Yes, yes, it was shaped like this.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How strange!"
"To drown someone with a bucket of water,
"At least one liter is needed,
but we couldn't find any can or bottle to carry the water in."
"Mr. Tokubi's little ink bottles are full,
and now he even uses them for painting."
"At Kazuki he has a plastic bottle started,
but it's still half full of oolong tea."
"He also has a water mattress, but it is well empty."
"The most suspicious thing is Mr. Nohira.
"With his pile of photo reel jars,

"But he has a good alibi,
because at the time of the crime he was talking on the phone."
"But what surprises me is that, when he was carried away by the flood,
Tatsuhiko was wearing a bathing suit and shoes."
"If he was bathing in cold water, why was he wearing shoes?"
"Besides, from what I saw, the shoes were full of green stains."
Oh!
That's fantastic! (Conan voice) Oh!
That's great!
I saw that very well. What?
Girl..., are you sure you saw that?
I saw exactly that. Hey, let me see it!
Aaaah!
Oh!
I guess you don't think the killer is a river spirit, do you?
N-n-no, t-this is not a kappa.
Wh-wh-what don't you see?
It's an alien!
Ah, it's an alien?
Of course it is!
At a time when people are talking about going on vacation in space,
what's so strange about a being from another planet coming here?
Please!
If this one has come from space, where does he have the spaceship?
The technology for space travel is advancing at a giant step.
Your spaceship could be that small.
It's terrible, because, besides,
in such a small spacecraft can travel tightly crammed
millions of miniaturized beings.
Is it true? I don't think so.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wait a minute..."
"What if they've squeezed the water into tiny little bottles?"
If Ms. Ran saw an extraterrestrial life form
of totally unknown origin to us,
I am convinced that the culprit of the murder
is that terrible alien.
That's why this case will be kept as an X-File
in the depths of the archives of the Gunma Central Police Station,
and will never see the light of day again.
What does this mean?
That the case will remain unsolved?
(Shinichi, thinks) "If they don't have it, from X-files."
But I don't understand why the alien would want to
to kill the owner of this inn.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Don't believe him, woman."
As you know, Mr. Numayama spent his days...
watching the river with binoculars from the attic.
I'm sure he did it because he had seen the aliens.
He had seen a multitude of spirit-like aliens from the river
among the rocks and water.
Yes, of course!
And since he had seen them, the aliens....
(Shinichi, thinks) "If we don't put this piece of ass to sleep,
we'll never solve the case."
Hey, Yamamura...
He looks like you when you become the Sleeping Kogoro.
Oh, mother!
What if it's the curse of the kappas?
(Yamamura voice) Yes, the kappas.
When the kappas felt that I was accusing them,
they made me see the light, and now I know the whole truth about this case.
Even when he's playing the sleeper, he can't stop saying weird things.
And I... do like him? Mm.
(Yamamura voice) Please have the other two suspects come in.
I want to explain to everyone exactly what happened.
That's why I'm a first grade inspector of the Gunma Police!
(Man) Did you have us come here
to-to tell us who committed the murder?
Wait a minute: does this mean that the culprit is one of us?
But... weren't we all cleared of suspicion...
when you came to interrogate us in the rooms?
Come on, Yamamura.
The most important thing in this case
is the foul-smelling water from a swamp 10 kilometers from here...
that was used to drown Mr. Numayama.
To drown a person by putting his head in a bucket, you need a liter of water.
one liter of water is needed.
Therefore, the person who has the containers....
to be able to carry a liter of that stinking water...
will be the culprit.
Mr. Tokubi's ink bottles are almost full,
and besides, right now he has used them...
to paint a representation of the kappa.
Although Mr. Araiwa had two half-liter plastic bottles and a pillow of water.
and a pillow of water to the bag,
one bottle was sealed,
and the one that was open was still half full,
and when he entered the inn, the water cushion was very empty.
Therefore, neither the one nor the other could get the water into the inn.
That leaves Mr. Nohira.
Because of his work, he always takes pictures,
he has a lot of roller bottles that he could have used,
but between 6 and 7 o'clock in the morning, which is when the crime was committed,

was on the phone with the editor of your magazine.
Go on, say: which of these 3 is the culprit of the murder?
(Yamamura voice) Don't you find it all very strange?
Mr. Nohira's case is different, because he has an alibi,
but neither Mr. Tokubi nor Mr. Araiwa
would have been able to avoid suspicions
if there were no witnesses who knew what they were carrying in their luggage.
The murderer would have been able to get the water into the inn
using a plastic bag or a balloon,
and after committing the crime, he could have torn it up,
flush it down the toilet and flush it to make it disappear.
(Yamamura voice) Oh, that's true.
(Yamamura voice) But, coincidentally, a few of you....
were able to see what these two gentlemen were wearing yesterday afternoon.
Why did this happen?
Mr. Tokubi.
"You slipped expressly to fall into the river,
"And then you scattered the contents of your bag and showed it off.
making it look like you wanted to check how everything had turned out."
You did this because you already knew how you would commit murder.
A-so, then...? Mr. Tokubi is the murderer?
(Yamamura's voice) Mr. Tokubi had Mr. Mouri come here
with a letter signed with the suspicious name of Mika Tatezato.
"He waited for Mr. Mouri's car to pass by
"And stopped him to ask him to take him to the inn,
"But in addition, he told him he wanted to visit Tatsuhiko's grave,
"Mr. Numayama's son, which is by the river..."
Because he wanted to make it look like he accidentally fell into the water.
He also made Mr. Araiwa fall,
who had been a student of his and who had gone to see the tomb.
He did it because we could not suspect him.
But he knew that my father had received the letter?
(Conan voice) Yes, he knew because I told him.
I told him that we had a letter and that,
if you mixed up the ideograms in the signature,
the word "kappa" would come out.
But-but to carry the water,
Mr. Tokubi only had these tiny little bottles.
There's no way he could carry a liter of water with it.
(Yamamura voice) 9 bottles of 60 milliliters,
16 bottles of 15, and one bottle of 100,
totaling 880 milliliters in all.
Filling all the small bottles and the fat one to the top,
I could almost carry a liter of water.
That's enough to drown a person by putting his head in a bucket.
But right now Mr. Tokubi was painting with the ink from these little bottles
with the ink from these little bottles.
He has used inks of many colors,
and the bottles he hasn't opened are filled with ink
the color that the label says.
(Yamamura voice) But he hasn't used the bottle with the sprayer.
(Yamamura voice) Oh!
In general, these inks are used diluted....
because they are too concentrated.
But, curiously, Mr. Tokubi has been able to paint a whole watercolor
without using a single drop of water.
Thus, he did not use concentrated ink, but diluted ink to paint,
that is, he first mixed a few drops of ink and water.
When he arrived here,
there was only concentrated ink in each bottle.
the dropper on the stopper,
an ink that, after the crime, he dissolved with tap water.
With tap water? Ah, I get it.
"First he filled the ink droppers with ink and emptied the little bottles."
"Then he filled them with water from the swamp,
and filled the bucket with it to drown Mr. Numayama."
"After the murder,
"He filled the bottles with tap water..,
and mixed the ink that filled the droppers."
Thus it appeared that the bottles were filled with ink.
(Yamamura voice) Naturally, I imagine that the tips of the eyedroppers....
were capped with tape or something like that
to prevent the concentrated ink from mixing with the swamp water.
"Surely this is what explains that,
"When checking the suitcase after falling into the water..,
Mr. Tokubi didn't take the bottles out of the boxes."
If he had,
you all would have seen that the jars were filled not with ink,
but with dirty swamp water.
How stupid he had been!
If he hadn't painted the watercolor, no one would have noticed.
(Yamamura voice) But he had no choice but to paint it.
"Mr. Tokubi knew that, after committing the murder, he wouldn't have enough time to clean up so much of it,
he wouldn't have enough time to clean so many little bottles properly."
And so, as he was unable to do so,

I'm sure there are traces of swamp water in the diluted ink.
Here's why he volunteered to paint the watercolor.
to paint the watercolor.
I wanted to make it clear to everyone
that there had always been only ink in those little bottles.
But that will be confirmed by forensic experts
when they have done the analysis of this diluted ink.
It can't be!
My teacher cannot be the culprit,
because... because Mr. Tokubi really esteemed Tatsuhiko.
And if not, why, for 11 years,
he has come every year to visit his grave,
even when he was no longer acting as a teacher?
What motive could he have for killing Tatsuhiko's father?
(Tokubi) Precisely because he was her father!
Yes, I confess: it is true that I killed Tatsuhiko's father.
And I did it because I could not forgive.
Tatsuhiko suffered a terrible death because of that man.
You can say that his father was to blame for his death!
It can't be so.
The-the day before the flood, at the time of folding,
I found poor Tatsuhiko in the art class.
"I was sneaking around the cabinets,
looking for an open tube of paint that someone had neglected to open."
"I thought he wanted it for painting when he came home,
so I gave him a box of new paint tubes."
"But a few days after she had been washed away by the flood,
his father came to the school to return the whole box to me."
"Since it seemed to me that Tatsuhiko
"I hadn't even touched it,
"I decided that I would not use it
and I kept it in the back of a cupboard as a memento of my student."
A few days ago I took it out again, and I noticed
that the original green color was gone,
and it had been replaced with a different brand!
What-and why was the green missing?
I went to the monument on the riverbank and,
when I had dug up what was underneath
and saw Tatsuhiko's shoe,
it was clear to me.
The shoe was all stained green both inside and out,
because the day it was washed away by the flood,
my poor student had painted his whole body green.
He had painted his body green?
-Really?
That means... - Yes, that's right.
His father forced him to hang around the inn disguised as a river spirit
disguised as a river spirit to attract more customers,
even in the middle of December!
What an undignified way to exploit his own son!
What a horror!
So, when people said they had seen a kappa....
Yes, I'm sure that what they had seen...
was Tatsuhiko disguised as a spirit.
"When his father found him dead in the swamp..,
"he took off the shoe he was wearing and hid it in his pocket,
"because he didn't want there to be any evidence
"Of what in Tatsuhiko was doing to the river on his orders,
and he also gave me back the paints for it."
And this also explains why the man was spending his days in the attic
watching with binoculars:
he wanted to make sure they didn't find the shoe that was buried!
(Conan voice) I'm sorry, but you're wrong.
I believe that in Tatsuhiko he decided it,
that he would impersonate a spirit of the river.
He did it because the inn had more customers.
That's what I think.
And why do you say that, kid?
Because if his father had wanted him to do that in secret,
I'm sure he would have made her go buy the painting from him.
For one thing, if she'd been caught...
going through the school lockers,
she would have found out that she wanted to dress up as a kappa.
And, besides, her father would have made her buy just one green tube,
not a whole box.
Yeah, but why did he take the shoe off, when he found the body?
I guess he did it to protect Tatsuhiko.
People would have laughed,
if they had known that he had died impersonating a kappa.
Besides, it was a reminder of his son.
And if he had been afraid that they would find the proof,
instead of always carrying it in his pocket,
I'm sure he would have made it disappear a long time ago.
What do you think?
Am I right, Kazuki?
When the Ran said she saw a kappa last night,
you commented that maybe it was a ghost.
You already knew that Tatsuhiko had played a kappa, didn't you?

Yes, and besides, the day the flood took away in Tatsuhiko,
I was near it, by the river.
(All) What?
There had long been suspicions
that the kappa seen near the inn was someone in disguise,
because, when it started to get cold, he suddenly disappeared.
That's why in Tatsuhiko decided that he would do it even though glacés.
"I told him not to do it because it had started to rain,
but he said it sure wasn't going to rain much."
"Then he asked me to tell the patrons of the inn
that the kappa had appeared again."
"But when I was on my way there, it started raining very hard,
and I turned back to tell him to get out of the water."
Then I saw that his foot was stuck between some stones
and he couldn't move.
I ran to look for his father, but when we got there, poor Tatsuhiko was no longer able to move,
poor Tatsuhiko was gone.
And after looking for him together,
I guess you found him floating in the swamp water, right?
Yes, and while I was taking off his shoe,
Mr. Numayama told me not to tell anybody
that he was the kappa in Tatsuhiko.
He explained that he was telling me because,
if someone thought of imitating in Tatsuhiko
and end up drowning like him,
at Tatsuhiko it would taste really bad to him.
Yes, of course.
And that's why he always kept watch from that window.
Not only did he want to prevent someone from being swept away by the river,
but he didn't want anyone to become a kappa like his son.
No... it can't be.
No way!
Just a second.
And how does it fit into all this,
the rumor that the man went every night to haunt his son's grave?
It's very simple.
Eh?
He was going to fix that monument,
that he himself had thrown on the ground during the day
so that Tatsuhiko's friends wouldn't come near it.
Although the monument was just a pile of stones,
it had been made by his friends,
and for that reason alone it had all the value in the world.
(SOMICA)
(Man: SOMICA)
(Shinichi voice) "As if they wanted to respond to the cries
"Of Mr. Tokubi as the police took him away,
"The woods around the inn
were tinged with the sad colors of dusk."

Kinou wa anna ni naitari shita KEDO.
Imanara wakaru yo
Y listen to the song.
Jibun no Omois wo kotoba ni shiyou tono.
Anata wo mitará koe ni naranai my heart.
Sonna ni yasashiku shinai,
Ashita wa Kitto sorezore no
keshiki ga matteru Kamisama Onegai.
Tomorrow is the last time,
Anata no soba ni itai yo.
Saigo no kiss hanarete mo kokoro tsunagatteru.
Tomorrow is the last time,
watashi to yume wo kanaete.
Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.

Saigo no tobidasou shinpai nai yo su hora.
Oh!
Aaah...
Oh!
I'm really impressed.
She does rather, now that she's been made an inspector, eh?
(Thinking) "I don't understand why she's saying it, but..."
Well, since we've already solved the case,
tonight we could go out a bit to celebrate, couldn't we?
Ah, good idea!
Hey, it's not over, huh?
Tatsuhiko's case is solved.
But the kappa mystery isn't yet.
What?
Yet you insist on this nonsense?
Come on, daughter.
Enough of that.
I assure you that I really saw it!
Come on, Ran, you know what everyone says:
you were scared and you thought you saw something that,
in reality, wasn't there.
Hey, don't talk to me like I'm a child.
I'm older than you.
The-the kappa!
(All) What?!
He's reappeared!
Ra-Ra-Ran, give him a karate chop!
What?!
What are you sounding like?!
It was you, what you were disguised as a kappa!
What?! What?!
Ah...
Yesterday I went to the grave site
because I wanted to try a few photos.
But, when you guys arrived, I got scared,
I slipped and fell into the water.
(All) What?!
Because your daughter was so worried about kappa,
I didn't want to explain it so they wouldn't think I was suspicious.
But in the watercolor you can see her legs and arms thinner,
and her belly is more swollen, and there are some kind of hairs hanging down.
His legs and arms were thinner because he had just fallen into the water,
like he had just fallen into the water,
her clothes were stuck to her skin.
And his belly looked swollen because he was carrying a bag, right?
Yes, he was carrying all the gear.

But-but... what are they, these kind of hairs hanging down?
As I sometimes play survival games in the woods,
I have a habit of covering myself with leaves and grasses to camouflage myself.
Oh... Shrike!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Well, the case is already solved."
Come on, let's go!
Anytime.
Coach!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What is this?"
There are substantiated indications that point to her as the culprit.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Really?"
So, the murderer... is you, Miss Suzuki.
I ?!
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The Devil Hiding in the Tennis Court'."

