(Car: approaching)
I just knew it.
In the end you got lost.
Yes, I've known for a long time that I'm lost!
(Thinking) "It wasn't long ago that I told him he had to turn left."
Oh...
There's a house over there! Oh, is there?
We are saved!
"Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"A gathering of fanatical fans,
the mystery of a closed room and the disappearance of an idol."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora,
furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"The mystery of the closed room of the séance,
(First closed room)"
Good evening!
Anybody here?
Is anyone there?! - (continues knocking at the door)
(Lock: turn the key)
Ah!
Excuse me, but we've lost our way and...
Wh-wh-what...?
Eh!
If it isn't Detective Mouri!
And you're Koji...
...Yatsukawa, from Nichiuri Television.
Eh?
So, you're the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?
I'm sorry to have frightened you.
I apologize.
Let me introduce you to Reiki Hirasaka, the famous manga artist.
Isn't he the author of the Black Magic Girl manga!
I have a lot of classmates in my class who read them.
Thank you.
That's quite an honor coming from a girl like you.
What is this... from... Black Magic Girl?
It's Reiki Hirasaka's best known work,
a masterpiece of occult manga.
The main character is a woman who, after being resurrected, becomes a witch for revenge,
becomes a witch to take revenge.
This girl is Shoko Utakura.
She has been training to be a model for several years already.
Soon I will make my debut as a professional.
It's my pleasure.
Y... what are you doing here?
What's the meeting about?
Yes.
How come you're all wearing this same black cape?
We're here to...
Because tonight we intend to have a seance.
A seance?
What is done to contact the spirits of the dead?
Exactly.
You will contact the spirit of a dead person?
Yes, of our idol, who is the great Kira Miyahara.
I do not know her.
Who is she?
If I'm not mistaken,
she was supposed to star in the Black Magic Girl movie.
What happened to her?
She died a year ago in a car accident.
and they were forced to cancel the filming of the movie.
If she hadn't had that accident,
she would now be one of the most famous actresses in the world.
Kira... Kira, why did you have to die?
What's gotten into this one now?
He is the president of the Kira Miyahara fan club,
Yutaka Kani, figurine designer.
And you, Mr. Koji Yatsukawa, are you also a Kira fan?
Of course I am!
I am member number 11, as you can see.
Everyone else is also a fan?
I am, my name is Kazuo Honogi, I am member number 8,
and, in case you're interested, I'm a doctor by profession.
Me too, my name is Maho Izumi,
and I am fan club member number 120.
I am number 53.
And I am a photographer and I call myself Ryuichi Mifune.
It's an honor.
-And can you tell us your membership number? -No, I'm not a member of the fan club.
You work as a photographer in a well-known cosplay store.
In a cosplay store?
A store in Akihabara that sells and rents cosplay costumes,
as well as all kinds of accessories.
They also have a space where you can take pictures
with the costumes of your favorite characters.
This is my work.

Kira started to become famous on the internet as a cosplayer.
Then, it was all from store websites that took notice....
they made her even more popular,
and they were promoting her until she became a star.
Then it was when he saw her in Reiki Hirasaka and he chose her
to star in the Black Magic Girl movie.
The character of the Black Magic Girl is also named Kira.
She was an ideal actress to play the role.
-It was a pity... Poor Kira...
And why did you decide to do this séance?
We are doing it because among the members of the fan club...
some very strange rumors have started to spread.
What rumors?
It seems that there have been people
who have left the Kira's fan club
who have had an accident or have fallen ill.
This is because they have betrayed the Kira.
They have had enough.
Too little.
In fact, on the internet,
people have already started talking about the curse of the Kira.
The curse of the Kira?
Kira has also been resurrected with witchcraft powers.
What does it mean?
Kira from the Black Magic Girl manga
also died in an accident and was resurrected,
and she was resurrected with witchcraft powers.
She resurrected to take revenge on those who had made it look like her death was an accident.
that her death had been an accident.
Kira Miyahara also died
because her car skidded and fell into a lake.
"And, so far, the body still hasn't turned up."
And then, on top of that, the murder happened.
The murder?
You mean the murder of Mr. Sawanami,
who was the publisher of my works, about 15 days ago.
Does this murder have something to do with Kira's death?
Yes, Mr. Sawanami, just before he died, left a message,
he wrote "Kira" in his blood.
-Did he really do that?! - Yes, of course he did!
Did he think he cheated?!
I saw it!
-You saw it? -Yes, I did.
The Shoko was the one who found the corpse.
But what do you mean, that the Kira was resurrected,
just like in the manga, and that she committed the murder?
At the moment we can't know yet.
No, but, that's why we have decided that we will do this seance,
to invoke the spirit of the Kira and ask her.
(thinks) "This is ridiculous."
In Reiki Hirasaka is a recognized medium, a great specialist,
and he is also an expert in the field of occult sciences.
It is time.
The moment of truth has finally arrived.
Shall we begin?
Let's go to the meditation room.
"How on earth did I end up here?"
O great quicksilver spirit of darkness,
I ask you to manifest yourself at my request.
Ego-igo-igo-azara-aac,
igo-ego-igo-o-zaberacum.
Ego-igo-igo-azara-aac,
igo-ego-igo-o-zaberacum.
(All) Ego-igo-igo-azara-aac,
igo-ego-igo-o-zaberacum.
I ask you to enlighten me with your icy voice from the darkness.
(Reiki) Ego-igo-guieretotos, igo-ego-Garaden-ira.
Ego-igo-igo-guieretotos, igo-ego-Garadén-ira.
And now, Kira Miyahara, I ask you to please answer my call.
(All) Ego-igo-igo-azara-aac,
igo-ego-o-zaberacum.
What's wrong now?!
(Confusion of voices)
Oysters!
(All) Ego-igo-igo-azara-aac, igo-ego-o-zaberacum.
Kira, please answer my call!
(Female voice) "What is all this?"
(Female voice) "Pain! Vexation!"
"Death! Suffering!"
- "I do not forgive." - It is the voice of the Kira!
"I do not forgive. I do not forgive."
(Think) "The voice comes out the back of this poster."
"I do not forgive..."
"What killed me is between you!"
"And I will never forgive him ever again."
"Tonight I will rise again
and with my hands I will take revenge!"
(Woman: shrieks)
It was the spirit of the Kira!
She answered us!
Our Kira has spoken to us!
Are you sure it was her?
It may have been the voice of the spirit of a dead person, this?
No.
It's not possible.
It smells like gunpowder in here.
Oh, is it?
Yes, you're right.
Sure, I understand what happened.
Someone had placed gunpowder inside the candles
so that when they burned out, there would come a point... they'd make an explosion.
M-must be a joke!
And down here there's something that looks like some kind of engine.
An engine?

Yes, a little motor that can be controlled with a remote control.
They must have used it to make the lamp vibrate.
So, it was all a trick? Yes, that's what it looks like.
And all the things that have been falling?
How do you explain it?
Look what's here. What have you found?
Ah.
I get it.
Before this whole charade began,
someone had attached this fishing line to the objects,
when he wanted to activate the motor with a remote control.
and everything fell to the ground.
Yes, it seems that they had prepared everything before starting to do spiritism.
But we were all holding hands.
How could anyone here have used a remote control?
How could it have been operated?
He could have been operating the remote control with his foot.
And Mr. Hirasaka will confirm that.
You see, Kazuo, we've been found out.
What?
Mr. Honogi was in on it too?!
It was just a game, as a kind of entertainment.
Well, it was in very bad taste.
Especially what they did with the voice.
That was...
It's true.
How did you do it, the voice thing?
Using devices like this.
They are a kind of loudspeakers
that allow you to manipulate voices, even imitate.
That's why it sounded like the Kira posters were talking.
But-but what he said
had nothing to do with what he represented he had to say.
Someone must have changed the recording we had prepared.
How did they change the recording?
And who could have done it?
-I don't... I don't know. Kira did it.
Because she wanted to manipulate us by playing with her spirit...
y... for the one who wanted to make
that it seemed that he had died because of an accident is in this room.
That's why tonight Kira will be resurrected
and she can finally avenge her death.
Ah... Just thinking about it makes me excited!
Kira will be resurrected, Kira will be resurrected.
Isn't it a bit stuffy in here?
Open up, let it air out.
(Kazuo) Who the hell could have changed the recording?!
- (Reiki) Will you calm down? -It must have been that girl!
I'll grab him by the neck and make him confess!
No, I won't.
Wait a minute.
With Mouri here, better not to do anything.
That's right, detective Mouri.
God in heaven!
If he ends up finding out everything that happened, I'm finished!
I was so wrong!
I should have told the police everything at the time.
But you wouldn't let me!
But how can you still come up with that?
You still don't seem to understand your situation.
Yes, you're right.
Cason dena!
In the end it's gotten us nowhere, this whole charade.
I hardly know anything about Kira Miyahara.
Can you explain things to me?
A long time ago, when she was not yet famous,
she had been a regular customer of the cosplay store
where you work as a photographer, right?
Yes.
A lot of girls go there, in the store,
to dress up as provocative characters, the most popular ones.
Kira, on the other hand, was very different.
She was able
to express also the darker side of the characters she played.
It was especially noticeable
especially when she put herself in the shoes of the Black Magic girl.
She had something special that none of the "cosplayers" I've seen don't have.
Yes.
Kira was a goddess.
That's why she became so famous and became a mass idol.
Her website was getting millions of hits.
Until an agency discovered her
and financed her to make the jump to the professional scene.
And what can you tell us about the car accident?
It must be almost a year since the accident.
We had a party right here,
but Kira left before because she had other commitments.
We don't know how, she lost control of the car,
fell off a cliff and ended up in the lake.
Who else was there, at the party, that we know of?
I think there was... at Reiki Hirasaka, he was at Kazuo Honogi,
and there was also Mr. Sawanami, the editor at Hirasaka.
Mr. Sawanami is the one who was murdered about 15 days ago?
Yes.
Can you give us details of the murder?
Only that the murderer broke into his house and stabbed him with a knife.
"That same day Shoko went to check and found him dead."
And how did Shoko go to see the editor at his house?
She explained that she was preparing her professional debut,

and that it was to finalize some details,
but normally these meetings are not held at the publisher's house, are they?
Are you implying that they understood each other, Mr. Sawanami and Shoko?
Maybe so.
What I don't quite understand is why Mr. Sawanami
left the Kira's name written before he died.
I don't know, but if you want we can give Shoko a call.
She will surely be able to give us more details.
-No, no.
No need to call her. Hey, hi, Shoko, how are you?
Yes, it's me, Koji.
Inspector Mouri would like to
to ask you some questions about Mr. Sawanami.
I'm sorry, but I've got a headache.
Can we take a rain check?
Yes, okay.
Goodbye. Goodbye.
I'm sorry about that.
He told me he's not feeling very well.
That's all right.
It's better that we leave this matter in the hands of the police.
And what they say that Kira could still be alive, is that true?
I don't know, but what is certain is that they haven't found her body yet.
I know that at the bottom of the lake they found the car
and it was totally wrecked.
-But now that I think about it... -What's going on?
I think it's just an unsubstantiated rumor that's going around the internet,
but they say that Kira didn't die in the car accident,
but in an accident
that happened during the party that was held here.
And they also say that she hid her body in Hirasaka.
He hid his body?
Where?
He hid the body underground, in the meditation hall.
What?!
Do you know that the one who spread this rumor was in Yutaka Kani?
What?
Are you for real?!
Yes, it seems that when Kira was alive he followed her like a paparazzi.
As he knew that she was a very cautious driver,
he found it very strange that she had been in a car accident,
and so he began to spread this theory.
Tonight the great Kira will be resurrected.
(Maho) Excuse me.
Mr. Mouri?
Mr. Mouri?
I'm sorry to disturb you at this hour.
Has something happened? The Shoko is not in your room.
It's not in the room?!
As you said before that you weren't feeling well,
I went to her room to see if she wanted anything,
but she wasn't there.
I sent her a message but she didn't answer me.
What I did see is that she still has her cell phone on.
(Cell phone: message tone)
A message from Shoko.
How strange!
Look what message I just received!
Hurry up, Ran, go wake up in Kogoro.
We must find the Shoko no matter what!
(Kogoro) Eh?
Who are you?!
Lord Kani!
What are you doing here?!
I've come because the Kira has been resurrected,
and I'm convinced that it's in here.
But the door is locked and I can't open it!
Have you also received the message, you?
Kira!
Kira!
Open the door!
Yes, it's true, the door is closed.
But... just a moment,
this door, after everyone left the seance,
didn't Mr. Hirasaka lock it with a padlock?
Yes!
But now, on the other hand, it is locked from the inside!
Hey!
Is there someone in there?!
Is anybody in there?!
Answer me!
Kira!
What's that screaming?
Look, Shoko sent me a very strange message.
She sent it to you too?
We went to look for it and found this door closed.
What does it mean?
What's locked in here, Shoko?
Try calling Shoko again, please.
(Mobile: ringtone) Okay.
(Mobile: ring tone)
- (mobile: ringtone) -That's it.
It should be ringing.
- (Mobile: ring tone) - Well, you can't hear anything in here.
Let's break the glass, then.
Then we can open it.
But... You mean...?
Earlier you said you weren't feeling well.
Maybe he fainted.
We have no choice.
Yes, it's locked from the inside with a padlock.
What the hell?
She's dead!
She can't be dead!
At last Kira... has been resurrected.
"The door was locked from the inside with a padlock."
"The only window there is that one."
"It's big enough for a person to pass through,
but how did he manage to climb up there?"
"Wait a minute, this window...
It only opens or closes if you're flicking the switch."

"Therefore, it can't be locked from the outside."
"A murder in a locked room?"
"How did the killer do it to kill the Shoko
and then leave the room?"
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
She has been resurrected!
The great Kira has been resurrected!
The Black Magic Girl has been reborn!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita", Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.
"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).

-Where is the key?! - I only had it in Hirasaka!
I'd say it's the posters of... of the Kira...
that were in the meditation room.
So, it was the Kira's spirit?!
It could mean that the blackmailer was also among the participants.
I suspect that he is using the name of the Kira
to commit all these other murders.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The mystery of the closed room of the séance,
(Second Closed Room)"

