She is dead!
-At last Kira... -...has been resurrected!
It can't be... it can't be!
(Shinichi voice) "Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"An unexpected incident, mystery grows...
and a second locked room appears."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
(Conan voice) "We were going by car, we got lost....
and we ended up in a mansion that was a little scary."
"A group of people were about to hold a séance.
"To invoke the spirit of the Kira Miyahara,
a famous model who had died in an accident."
"We were updated on some rumors
"That had spread among the model's fan club,
which spoke of the 'Kira curse'."
"The subsequent murder of another person
made the rumors gain even more strength."
"Very strange phenomena occurred at the session, but they were all tricks."
"And it became clear that the death of the Kira hid many secrets."
"Later, when it was already dark, in the meditation room," he said,
"where we had done the seance,
one of the participants, Shoko Utakura, appeared dead."
"The mystery of the closed room of the séance.
(Second closed room)"
(Rumor)
Mr. Honogi!
Something terrible has happened!
In Hirasaka is...!
-What's wrong?!
What's happened?! - In-in Hirasaka Reiki is...
-It seems to me that it is death. -What?!
How can it be?!
-You're not sure?! - It can not be.
In Hirasaka too?
What do you mean "too"?
What-what else has happened?!
Shoko Utakura was also found dead.
It was inside this room.
-No... it can't be! -Where did you find Hirasaka? -Where did you find Hirasaka?
I received a very strange message.
I went to his room to tell him about it.
The door was closed and I knocked a couple of times,
but he didn't answer.
I didn't know what to do, but then, from outside the room, I heard a cell phone ringing,
I heard a cell phone ring.
Did you feel a cell phone?
Yes, and since I had received that message from Shoko,
I figured something was up.
I went up to look through this window up here and....
-And did Mr. Hirasaka see death? -Yes.
He shouldn't see that, a little boy like you!
Mr. Hirasaka!
Mr. Hirasaka!
Mr. Hirasaka!
-Where's the key? -The only one who had it was him.
Damn it!
Do you have something to open it?
There's a toolbox at the end of the hall.
This will do just fine!
Mr. Hirasaka!
Oh! Oh, what the hell is all this?
Oh, what the hell is all this?
I'd say it's the Kira posters
that were in the meditation room.
How come they're here?
Someone must have taken them out of the room, carried them out,
ripped them up and scattered them around.
And what's the point of doing something like that?
How is it?
Isn't that... Shoko's cell phone, this one?
It looks like it.
And the rope?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Maybe they used it to kill Shoko."
The victim is Miss Shoko Utakura,
a girl who was about to become a professional model.
Shoko Utakura, you say?
This name rings a bell.
Surely it must ring a bell for you that she is the girl
who found the corpse of an editor, Mr. Sawanami,
about 15 days ago.
Ah, I remember!
It's a case of Inspector Shiratori.
What a ?
The victim, before dying, left the name "Kira" written on his body...

with her blood at the crime scene.
Today, before finding the dead girl, everyone received this message.
The name of the Kira also appears.
So this means
this case is related to Inspector Shiratori's case.
Look, inspector, we found all these devices like this...
scattered all over the room.
Yes, they were used to perform tricks at the seance.
At the séance?
What do you mean, they were found to invoke the spirit of a dead person?
That's right.
Tonight they had a séance in this room.
The spirit they wanted to get in touch with was that of a model
who died in an accident last year, a girl named Kira Miyahara.
Kira Miyahara?
The truth is that I hadn't even heard of her,
but she was a very charismatic figure among cosplay fans.
Cosplay fans
are the ones who dress up as manga characters, right?
Yes.
And before he died he was also preparing a film project,
which increased his fan base even more.
And why did you do that, the séance?
The fan club had been hearing some very strange rumors for a long time.
Actually, they were talking about the "curse of Kira".
Of the Kira?
It was said that the murder of Mr. Sawanami
was said to be the result of the Kira's curse.
And this gave more credibility to the rumors.
That's why they decided to invoke the spirit of the Kira.
I-and-and-and what, has come, the spirit of the Kira?
And now, don't talk nonsense!
It was all a hoax,
a sham by Mr. Hirasaka and Mr. Honogi.
According to them it was just a game, a kind of entertainment, but...
it turns out that when it came to the moment of truth, the prepared recording didn't play,
someone has changed it for another one.
(Female voice) "What killed me is between you!"
"Tonight I will resurrect, and with my hands I will take revenge!"
I guess it was the killer's doing.
I suspect that he is using the name of the Kira,
to commit all these other murders.
By the way, there was another detail that surprised me.
Mm?
The victim has no signs of having fought back.
He only has the mark of what could be a rope around his neck,
which is what the killer must have used to strangle her.
Maybe he drugged her first and waited for her to be unconscious before strangling her.
that she was unconscious to strangle her.
The truth is that this room is quite... peculiar.
They call it the meditation room.
Mr. Hirasaka used to shut himself up in here
to think about the plots of his sleeves.
And is it true that the room was closed from the inside when they arrived and discovered the corpse?
when they arrived and discovered the corpse?
Yes.
The room can only be accessed through this door here.
When we arrived there was a padlock placed on the interior
that prevented entry.
And it was apparent that the only person who had the key to the padlock
was Mr. Hirasaka.
Yes, but we still haven't located the key to open the padlock.
There is also a ventilation window up there.
But it's so high, it's impossible for the killer to get out through there.
Well, maybe he could have gotten out by using a chair.
Even if he could have made it,
he wouldn't have been able to close the window.
Besides, surely we would have found evidence...
that someone had gone out through there, and we haven't found any either.
If you notice, the window works with this switch here.
Therefore, there must be someone here to open it and to close it.
And look at it, if you take your finger off the switch.
It stops, you see.
Yes, and to close it, it's the same thing.
If you don't keep the button pressed all the time,
the window doesn't close all the way.
So, it's impossible for it to have gone out the window.
Out the window and everywhere else.
So, it has been the spirit of the Kira ?!
No, and now!
I didn't say that.
(Shinichi, think) "The room was totally closed?"
Is this here?
Yes, in the meditation room there were posters of the Kira...
placed around the table,
as a decoration for the seance.
Someone has been tearing them up and scattered them around.
And what's the point of doing something like that? I have no idea.

What, Chiba, how is it going?
First of all, it seems that he died of poisoning.
We found traces of cyanide in the wine glass.
And you're sure this room was also completely closed?
Yes.
And the only one who had the key was also Mr. Hirasaka.
We had to open it with that. Did you find the key to the door?
We just looked in the desk and it wasn't there.
We just need to check this piece of furniture here.
It's locked.
I can't open it.
Ah, I've been able to.
There are two keys in here.
This seems to be the one here.
But it won't turn one way or the other.
Surely that's because they must have picked the lock.
It is seen that they are some German locks
and it's not easy to make duplicate keys.
And apparently, with this lock, you need the key...
both to open and to lock from the inside and from the outside, right?
Yes, as far as I can see, yes.
And surely the other key will be the one for the padlock.
Go check, sisplau.
D'acord.
And the rope that was on the floor?
At the moment we haven't been able to check it completely yet,
but it looks like it could be the weapon to strangle Shoko Utakura.
And these windows? They are locked from the inside.
Also, outside there are iron bars that prevent us from getting in.
It is impossible to enter.
Another closed room, doncs.
Exactly.
There's also this window up here, but it's very small.
The only way in is through the door.
But we found the key to the door inside this piece of furniture.
We're still stuck with the mystery of the locked room.
I have another theory.
We must start from another premise and soon we will have the case solved.
What do you mean?
That it was a suicide.
A suicide?
Mr. Hirasaka is the one who killed Shoko.
Afterwards, he went back to his room,
locked the door from the inside and drank the glass of poisoned wine.
It would make sense.
And it probably had to be him, too,
responsible for the death of Mr. Sawanami, his publisher.
Remember that before he died
he left "Kira" written in his blood.
He must have written it in Hirasaki, too, that.
And the only one who was able to send the messages
from Shoko's cell phone was him.
He must have done all this setup to make it look like the protagonist of his manga
that the protagonist of his manga has been resurrected to take revenge
and commit this whole series of murders.
If so, we would not have found the room locked.
Because it would not look like a suicide.
Yes, but all this comes from the Black Magic Girl manga.
Its protagonist, Kira, is a witch.
She wanted to make it look like these were impossible crimes,
where by force magic has had to intervene.
I have to admit that, on the whole, it makes quite a bit of sense.
I hope you have also solved the mystery of the other locked room.
No, not yet.
I thought so.
But the only one who had the key to the meditation hall
was Mr. Hirasaka.
After the séance
I saw him lock the lock on the door from the outside.
Therefore, he is the only one who was able to enter the room later.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Even if the suicide theory is true,
what need did he have to keep the keys inside that piece of furniture?"
"And why did he have to tear up all the posters of the Kira,
if he was supposed to be so fond of her?"
Attention, I apologize for the inconvenience,
but I have a few questions to ask you.
Miss Shoko Utakura appeared murdered
at one o'clock in the morning.
Following this, Mr. Hirasaka was also found dead.
The estimated times of the two deaths are 11:00 p.m. her
and 1:00 a.m. he.
I want to know what each of you was doing at these times.
Actually, after the séance,
the atmosphere was kind of weirded out, and the truth is that...
...everyone left immediately for their rooms.
This must have been around 10 o'clock.
I was in my room at that time
wishing and waiting deliriously for Kira to come back to life.
In fact, I didn't sleep all night!
The Maho, in Ryuichi and I, after the séance,
we stayed for a while talking with Detective Mouri,
until about 11 o'clock there.

Then you called Shoko, didn't you?
Oh, did you?
And could you tell the exact time?
Yes.
It was 10:40.
And I also remember she told me that she wasn't feeling very well.
And then you, Maho, you go to see her in her room, right?
Yes... I was worried and I went in to check on her.
But Shoko wasn't in her room.
My room was next door.
I kept an eye on her for a while, to see if she was coming,
to see if she wanted any medicine.
But when I saw that she wasn't coming back,
I got worried, and I went to see Mr. Mouri.
And no one saw Mr. Hirasaka after the session?
I-I did.
Before going to my room
I went to see him to talk to him about something.
And what were you talking about?
About what had happened with the recording,
that the session was supposed to play one,
but in the end someone had to change it.
But after a quarter of an hour I went back to my room.
By the way, how did you decide to do this séance?
Well, because...
because of the rumors that were going around the Kira's curse fan club.
There was even a murder.
But, do you believe in spirits and curses?
No.
In fact, I don't see you as the kind of person to engage in such activities.
Are you sure there wasn't some other reason that you don't want to explain?
Ahm..., the truth is...
By the way, now that I remember,
didn't you tell me that you've been receiving some very strange phone calls?
-No! -What do you mean?
Go on.
It's been... about a month ago that we met,
we went for a drink in a bar, and I remember...
Yes?
Hello?
Who is this?
Who is this?
What's up? What's up?
I've been getting strange phone calls for days.
I don't know who it is.
Come to think of it, couldn't it be that someone is blackmailing you?
No, no, no way!
Ah, now I remember that...
Mr. Sawanami also received all kinds of strange letters.
-You're not sure about that? -Yes, I am.
About a month ago I went to see him at the editorial office
to talk about a publication issue.
Good morning, Mr. Sawanami.
I suppose you must have heard the rumors?
What rumors?
It seems that there are members of my fan club
who, when they stopped being fans and moved on to other clubs,
they have started to suffer from illnesses and have accidents.
What?
And someone has assured me that the spirit of Kira has appeared to him!
What nonsense!
The spirit of Kira attacks those who had been her fans?
Another ?!
W-what is not Kira, this one?
No..., it's nothing.
It must be a retouched photo.
Ha-ha!
-Are you sure you said "another one"? - Yes, I'm sure.
Someone was blackmailing him, Mr. Sawanami,
and in the end killed him.
Mr. Honogi, tell us more about these calls.
-I- I... -Tell us the truth, Mr. Honogi!
Yes, it's true that I was... being blackmailed.
What kind of blackmail?
They were saying that Kira didn't die in the accident.
That she died here, during that party.
And also, that Mr. Hirasaka...
decided to hide the poor girl's body here.
In fact, this rumor was also spread on the internet.
So it would be someone who believed those rumors.
He was blackmailing Mr. Sawanami and Mr. Hirasaka!
and Mr. Hirasaka!
But the whole thing was ridiculous, unfounded rumors.
I still can't get over my astonishment
that all this ended with Mr. Sawanami's death!
It is very likely that the blackmailer is also the murderer.
And it can't be that all these people were summoned here to find out who the blackmailer was?
to find out who the blackmailer was,
with the excuse of the seance?
Answer, please!
Yes, I admit it.
We discussed it with Mr. Hirasaki,
and we decided to summon Mr. Kani to the meeting;
two girls that we knew that they worshiped Kira very much: Shoko and Maho.
At Koji of Nichiuri Television, we also thought it was suspicious.
And Ryuichi too.
And that's why you've gathered us all here?
It's unbelievable.
At Hirasaka he proposed to scare them with the seance
to observe their reactions.
That someone would change the recording of the Kira that they had planned,

could mean that the blackmailer was also among the participants.
And it is most likely that Sawanami's murderer
is responsible for the others who were killed.
It could also be that some family member, or Kira's partner,
believed the rumors and decided...
Kira did not have any relatives.
Her whole family died in a car accident.
Ah, I guess that's why they were saying...
that Kira was so cautious when it came to driving.
I guess so.
Mr. Mouri, how about asking to see Sawanami's message?
What he wrote before he died.
It might give you some clues.
Mm?
Yes, yes, that's right.
Is that okay with you? Mm.
Of course it is.
Takagi.
D'accord.
Sir.
The key is the one that opens the lock on the door, just as we suspected.
We understand.
And we've also confirmed that the rope from Hirasaka's room
is the one used to kill Shoko Utakura.
I had already said so.
So, this confirms that Hirasaka is our man.
But we still haven't solved the mystery of the first locked room.
And can't it be that there is a secret passageway
to get in and out of the meditation hall?
Don't talk nonsense!
This is impossible!
I have been sent a picture of the word you wrote in Sawanami.
Mm?
Oh! (Shinichi: thinks) "It's...
(Shinichi: thinks) "It's..."
"Sure! I know who the culprit is!"
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita", Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.
"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).

(Shinichi, think) "I have to solve the mysteries of the locked rooms."
The Kira did it with her magic!
Because she has become a witch.
(Shinichi, thinks) "If it was just as I imagined,
it's all a tragedy!"
I know the person Mr. Sawanami tried to point out,
who is the murderer, and it's...
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"The mystery of the closed room of the seance...
(Open the room!) '."

