"If the killer is the person I imagine,
in Hirasaka he didn't commit suicide."
"But to prove it,
I must solve the mysteries hidden in the two locked rooms."
"Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"In the end it is you, the murderer. At last it's all clear!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Shunkan Anata wo kanjita
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"At the mansion of in Reiki Hirasaka, a cartoonist of occult manga,
"a séance was held
that ended with two people killed inside two locked rooms."
"These deaths were related
"With the murder of Hirasaka's publisher, Ichiro Sawanami,
which had happened about 15 days ago."
"At the crime scene they found the word 'Kira' written in blood."
"But what exactly did it mean, that?"
"The mystery of the closed room of the seance...
(Open the room)!"
Hello.
Excuse me, officer.
I left a pin inside the room earlier.
You haven't seen it?
You left a pin?
I'm sorry, but they didn't tell me anything.
I'll come in for a moment to look, eh? Where are you going?!
(Think) "The two keys were inside this drawer."
"Through the ventilation window
"You could throw the keys inside the drawer,
"But putting a notebook on top of it and locking the drawer
would be much more complicated."
"And... there's also the issue of the posters torn and scattered around the room.
and scattered around the room."
"Why would this, what's the point?"
AAAI! Come on, get out of here, go on.
Ah!
Let me... let me look at something else!
What? What?
H-have you seen this?
There's something here, inside these flowers.
What?!
What is it? What is it? Look at it.
"I-it's... a fragment of one of the Kira posters."
"What's it doing on top of the flowers?"
"Sure! It could be..."
Madam Investigator!
Ah.
You're the boy with in Mouri, aren't you?
You've seen a letter from Kamen Yaiba, in here?
I guess I must have dropped it last night, because I can't find it anywhere.
No, I haven't seen any letter.
I come in for a moment to look, eh?
What are you doing?
"There's no place to catch
that allows you to get to this window."
"Besides, to close it...
it must be here to press the switch all the time."
"But, to the front door,
there was a padlock inside."
"And it's impossible to put it on from the outside."
"It could be that...
"Sure. I understand how he did it."
You should get out.
I'll get it for you, the letter.
Yes, yes, excuse me.
"But why did he do all this to leave the room locked?"
"What need did he have, the murderer?"
"In the case of Mr. Hirasaka,
he did it to make it look like suicide."
And it can't be that there is a secret passageway
to get in and out of the meditation hall?
"If it was the way I imagine
everything... it's a tragedy."
"I have solved the mystery of the locked room,
but I don't have any proof."
I think we should inspect the meditation room more thoroughly
to check for any secret passages.
No need to waste your time.
No secret passage.
He's right.
It won't do them any good.
Kira used magic powers to get out of the meditation room.
Isn't it getting too hot in here?
Why don't you loosen your tie a little, which is what you always do?
You're right.

I didn't do it because I don't want to do any harm when the police are here.
Maho, what's wrong?
Are you feeling bad?
No.
I'm fine.
"Just a moment."
"The culprit is..."
"Sure! He may have left some evidence, the murderer."
Come on, hurry up!
Eagerness, eagerness!
But may I know what you found?!
Come on, it's in there.
Conan!
Aah!
Aah... aah...
"I'll take it from there."
(Kogoro voice) Very well, I have gathered you here...
to expose the truth of the events of the last few hours.
Last night, in this meditation room...
there we found the lifeless body of Shoko Utakura.
Shortly thereafter, Mr. Hirasaka was found dead in his room.
Next to Mr. Hirasaka-san's body
was the rope that was used to kill Shoko.
And his cell phone, which also appeared on the floor.
As things turned out,
it would be normal to think that Mr. Hirasaka killed Shoko
and then committed suicide.
What do you mean, he didn't? No.
What happened is that the killer went to Mr. Hirasaka's room.
Hirasaka's room,
"killed him with the poisoned wine,
"He took the keys to the padlock and to Mr. Hirasaka's room,
"And after locking the room from the outside,
killed the Shoko in the meditation room."
"There smashing all the decoration and posters of the Kira.
"And returned to Mr. Hirasaka's room,"
and put away the keys and left the cell phone and the rope
that he had used to kill the Shoko to frame M.
Hirasaka.
And do you have any proof, of all that you say?
Among the flowers outside the room
we found a fragment of one of the posters.
Oh, did you?
I wasn't aware of that.
Yes, look!
Here it is.
And that... you found it among the flowers?
So, we can deduce that the murderer tore the posters in the hallway
and was throwing all the pieces
through the ventilation window.
What need did he have to do something like that?
I understand it all less and less.
I'll show you how he did it to leave the room locked, then.
What?!
-Inspector Takagi.
Inspector Chiba (both at the same time) We're here.
What-what are you two doing here with all this?
We're preparing the reconstruction of how you locked the room
following Mouri's instructions.
And you, Chiba, may I know what it is, that thing you're carrying?
Ah, you mean this?
It's a giant poster of en Kamen Yaiba.
I asked a friend of mine, who is a big fan of en Yaiba.
W-why do you want this?
This poster is the same size as the poster of the Kira
that was in the meditation room.
The killer used it to do the locked room trick.
Are you for real?! Eh?
All right, let the show begin.
First, he rolled up the poster like this.
We can see that he was left with a tube about two meters long.
Then, he put the tube through the window...
...and laid the end of it on top of the open drawer.
Then, he dropped the keys through the tube.
And finally, he used the end of the pipe...
to cover the keys with the notebook, to close the drawer..,
and even to turn this piece that acts as a drawer catch.
Oh!
Next, the culprit... tore up other posters
"And scattered them around the room from the window,
"He sent a message to the other attendees from the Shoko's cell phone,
left the cell phone and the rope in the room and left.
But, to do all this that you just explained,
he already had enough with the big poster of the Kira.
Why do you say, then, that he took all the other posters?
tore them up and scattered them around the room?
And how did she do it to kill the Shoko and leave the room closed?
The Kira did it with her magic!
Because now the Kira has become a witch!
You're wrong.
The assassin didn't use magic to leave the room locked,
but the art of the ninja.
The art of the ninja?!
What do you mean, that the murderer of the Shoko and Hirasaka is a ninja?
I'm not talking about impossible tricks,
like when they disappear with an explosion

or suddenly two ninja magically appear,
this only happens in the movies.
"I'm talking about tricks like climbing up a wall with a katana."
The assassin used a similar technique
to get out of the meditation room,
but instead of using a katana,
he used the posters of the Kira that were on display.
He used the posters?! Now I'm really lost.
Okay, I'll do the reconstruction of how he did it right now.
Are you coming back?
You subordinates of mine, not Kogoro.
(Voice Kogoro) "Thanks to the collaboration of Chiba's friend,
we have the posters that we will need to make the reconstruction of the facts.
First, the killer rolled up the posters....
that he had previously taken from the panels.
He rolled them all up in a cylinder shape, like this.
Then he put adhesive tape on them, so that they would not open.
Then he joined them together
and created this kind of improvised scale that you see here.
And it means that by using just these rolled-up posters
he was able to climb up to that window up there?
Actually, the rolled-up paper in the shape of a cylinder,
placed vertically,
is capable of supporting an amount of weight that would surprise you.
-Inspector Takagi, endavant.
But how did you do it afterwards to be able to close the window?
Chiba, please.
Yes.
Using one of the devices
that was also used in the seance.
The tension of the thread
makes the easel keep the button pressed as long as there is.
Ooh!
Then, he just had to go back to Mr.
Hirasaka's room,
get rid of the posters and leave the remote control
taking advantage of the chaos that was when they found the body.
Understood.
Well, now that you have explained everything, tell us who the murderer is.
The person who yesterday killed Shoko and Mr. Hirasaka
is the same person who killed Mr. Sawanami 15 days ago.
There was a message left there that pointed out the culprit.
Of course, the message said "Kira"!
Because the Kira has risen to take revenge.
No.
I know the person Mr. Sawanami tried to point out,
who is the murderer, and it's...
I know the person who tried to point out Mr. Sawanami,
who is the murderer, and it's... Mr. Mifune.
Yes.
The murderer can only be you, Mr. Mifune.
I-It can't be.
Tell me it's not you.
So, what it means, the word "Kira"...
that Mr. Sawanami wrote just before he died?
"Mr. Sawanami wanted to write 'Mifune' with katakana characters,
but he only had time to write 'Mifu'."
"The Shoko, the one who discovered the corpse,
"She saw it and added a vertical line,
because it actually said 'Kira'."
And why did she do that? This is ridiculous!
What motive could she have, she, to do this that she explains?
She did it to protect you, naturally.
No!
All this you are saying is just speculation!
Do you have any real evidence to prove it?!
The proof I have to prove it is still on her.
What?
That's why you haven't taken off your tie today, right?
You'd rather stand in the heat than take it off.
The evidence in question is hidden under the tie.
Inspector Chiba.
Sir!
When he poisoned Mr. Hirasaka,
"The glass fell to the floor and the wine splashed on his shirt."
"He thought that the police
"Perhaps he was rummaging through his personal belongings during the interrogation,
and so he decided not to take off his shirt
and to hide the stains with his tie.
If we were to analyze the stains,
we would see that they are from the wine with which he poisoned Mr. Hirasaka.
Okay, he's right!
I'm the one who killed all three of them!
Oh!
But w-why did you kill them?
Because they were the ones who killed Kira!
-And I was in love with her! -What?!
So it was true that you were going out with Kira?
Yes, it was true.
And even though I knew I had to do everything I did,
having to tear the posters of the Kira with my hands
was something very painful!
But I did it so that the truth would be known
and to save the Kira's honor.
"To save the honor of the Kira. Just as I thought."

I thought it was almost impossible for the Kira,
who always drove very cautiously,
had been in a car accident.
"And when I heard that the police had not found the body,"
I imagined that something had necessarily happened at the party
they had thrown at this mansion.
That's why I started to investigate!
In order to find out the truth, I came one day...
and I put microphones all over the mansion,
and I felt all its secrets.
I found out that Hirasaka was suffering from a very strong depression
and he was getting more and more alcoholic.
"That night in Hirasaka he had drunk a lot and started to become delirious."
Kira tried to calm him down,
he gave her a shove and...
And to hide the truth,
in Hirasaka and the others made it look like he had had an accident!
That's why you decided to take revenge? Yes.
In fact, I started with Sawanami,
because I thought he'd be the one who'd expect it the least.
But...
I know everything.
I know what you've done.
But there's no need to suffer, I don't plan to say anything to anyone.
"At Sawanami he told me that there was another girl, to the party."
Actually, he didn't tell me who it was,
but I knew it had to be Shoko.
He didn't tell me because he wanted to cover up for his girlfriend.
The truth is, he intended to kill you first.
With the devices he knew you would use
during the séance, I had heard everything.
But I changed my mind.
I couldn't get it out of my head that she had tried to threaten me
even though I had participated in the death of the Kira!
That's why in the end I decided to kill her first on her!
(Maho) Wrong.
It wasn't her.
The girl at the party that day was not her, it was me.
Maho... It can't be me.
If it was really you,
how come Sawanami didn't tell me your name?
She didn't tell her my name because at Sawanami she must not have known how she called me.
Surely he must not have been interested in a girl as reserved as me.
It can't be. Is it true what he says?
Yes.
In fact, I, from the beginning, thought it was her, the murderer.
And how come you're not going to explain it right away to the police?
B-because I didn't want to believe that Kira was really dead.
She was the one who gave meaning to my life!
"In high school and in the networks I was always bullied a lot,
and it made me a very lonely person."
"It was thanks to Kira that I was able to lead a normal life again."
"I met her one day when I had the courage to leave the house
to go to a cosplay store."
"A lot of people consider it just a hobby, cosplay," she says,
"But it's also a way to go into an imaginary world,
"Even if it's just for a little while,
and forget the suffering and harshness of the real world."
"Kira is the one who taught me that."
I wanted what had happened to be just a nightmare!
If I were to explain it to the police it would have all come out,
and I would have been forced to accept reality!
That's why I was so scared!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
And if the Shoko hadn't told you what you thought she was threatening you....
This isn't true either.
The Shoko was in love with Ryuichi Mifune.
What?!
So-so, Shoko wasn't dating Sawanami?
No.
The-the Shoko had explained to me
that since she had seen that you were in love with Kira...
she had to make a very big effort to hide her feelings.
"I think the Shoko...
deep down she really wanted to help Mr. Mifune."
It couldn't be.
It can't be.
Th-that means... that's all Shoko wanted to do was to help me,
and... and I strangled her.
On the Shoko's body there were no marks of having defended herself
because when he must have seen that it was you attacking him,
he felt such deep pain that he didn't have the strength to do it.
It's... it's a lie.
It's a lie!
It's a lie!
Bullshit!
Lies!
Lies!
Lies!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Bullshit!
Liar!
(Cries) Liar!
Liar!
And why the hell did you have to do all this setup
to get the room closed?
It's just a theory of mine,
but what Mr.
Mifune was trying to do with the whole closed room thing,
was that the police would be forced to tear the whole thing apart.
He wanted them to destroy it?

If we hadn't solved the mystery of the locked room,
they would have looked to see if there was a secret passageway
and, in the first place, they would have raised the entire floor of the room.
In reality, their goal was that the police would eventually discover...
the body of the Kira that Hirasaka and the others had hidden underground.
He wanted the same people who had said that Kira had died in an accident to find her body,
to find her corpse.
"The next day, the police, during the investigation, found the Kira's body under the ground,
found the Kira's body under the meditation hall."
"At last, all the rooms were left open."
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita," Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.
"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).

(Kogoro) By the way, Yatsukawa, I felt that you have been given an award
for the report you did on the whole Kira thing.
Yes, but most of the people involved, who were friends of mine, are either dead or under arrest,
are either dead or under arrest.
-The truth is that I feel terrible, but I'm sure you'll get over it.
I've got it!
Collaborate with me in the next report!
What a ?
I'll do a report in a hospital that is haunted
where all kinds of supernatural phenomena happen!
You're crazy!
(Yatsukawa) Come on, let's go, we can go now!
Let's go, let's go!
What are you doing?!
Let me be!
I don't want to hear any more of this nonsense!
You're right.
You can say it now.
Is it true that you have been chosen for jury duty?
How do you know this?
"The unbeatable queen, Eri Kisaki,
against the Madonna of the prosecution, Reiko Kujo,
and with Miss Kobayashi as a juror..."
Maybe the painting is upside down?
All indications are that the defendant had ample motive to murder the victim.
"We have just found a crucial piece of evidence."
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Confronting the Court 4.
Juror Sumiko Kobayashi (part one) '."

