(Children: uproar)
How do you see it, Miss Kobayashi?
Have you made up your mind yet?
I've made up my mind.
I think it's a great opportunity.
If I'm chosen by the jury, I'm willing to say yes.
Okay, then.
If you're chosen, you can rest easy about the classes;
I'd rather you concentrate on doing your duty.
Thank you very much.
By the way, is the painting new, perhaps?
Yes, it was a gift from the school's PTA.
I find it strange, but I can't say why... Eh?
Eh?
Excuse me, please.
- (Genta) Miss Kobayashi! -Huh?
Is it true, that you've been chosen for jury duty?
(Genta) Oh!
How do you know, this?
For the Junior Detective League network.
In any case will you be a member of the jury?
(Flow) Xxxt.
It's all confidential!
And that means I can't explain it to you!
It goes, for something nothing happens.
Make an exception for the League, woman!
-I said no and it's that no! Ah, wait, miss!
Do not go, Miss!
You mean Miss Kobayashi will know about jury duty?
We'll worry if she gets picked.
You're right.
Teary eyes reach the heart.
Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy.
Miss Kobayashi, a juror?
What is she hiding, this mysterious case?
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he is Detective Conan!
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"Court confrontation 4:
Juror Sumiko Kobayashi, (part one)."
The trial will begin soon.
I understand that the decision to plead not guilty has not changed.
Of course, because it's true that I didn't do it!
I swear to you!
Then can you explain to me why you confessed?
You told the police that it wasn't me!
But they pressured me because of the blood on my clothes...
You're referring to the victim's blood stains
you had on your clothes when you were arrested, right?
Yes... Besides the hair and everything...
The hair and the fingerprints he left at the crime scene.
They told me that was enough evidence to charge me!
And so you confessed to a crime you didn't commit?
Yes, but... I only went in with the intention of stealing!
And when I went inside, in Tada he was already dead on the floor.
In Tada?
Eh?
You just referred to Mr. Ishigaki by his first name.
This makes me think that maybe he knew the victim.
Uh...?
No.
How do you want me to know him, me?
Think of me as your ally.
You need to explain everything to me, even if you think it might come back to haunt you.
You don't listen to me?!
I didn't kill anyone!
I'm telling you!
-Hello, Mrs. Kisaki. -Prosecutor Kujo.
They say you've accepted the defense of Toshio Iwamatsu.
Is that so?
Yes.
I just met with him.
So we'll see each other before the people's court, right?
I'm really looking forward to it.
I hope you'll be lenient with me.
Same to you.
Ah!
Is that you, director?
I'm Kobayashi.
Yes.
I've been chosen!
Yes.
And as we discussed, regarding the classes...
-Ah.
So don't worry about it. Huh?
(Genta) Congratulations, Miss.
Children... But what are you doing here?
I left them in the classroom to study,
but they told me that they wanted to come to cheer you up
and, by the way, to learn from your new experience.
I was convinced that they would choose you!
Can you explain to us in which case you will be a juror?
Xxxxxxt!
It is confidential!
If I may, I have a briefing on the case.
You are the first member of the Teitan school
to be elected by a popular jury.

-Thank you.
Cheer up, Miss, you'll do great!
Cheer up, Miss, you'll do great!
Do you know which trial you're going to participate in?
(Shinichi voice) I'd say it's that one.
Oops.
Hello, Conan and Ai. (Conan voice) Hello, Ran.
You're also coming to see the mother's trial, Conan?
(Conan voice) What?
What do you mean?
It's just that it's the mother's first trial with a people's jury.
Since I don't have class and I was nervous,
we've come to take her aside, Oi, father?
Yes, she thinks she's up against Madonna.
I hope he doesn't make her look ridiculous in front of the jury.
(Think) "The unbeatable queen, Eri Kisaki,
"against the Madonna of the prosecution, Reiko Kujo,
and with Miss Kobayashi as a juror..."
It has all the elements
for a trial you can't miss.
Au, go with them.
I'll make up an excuse with the director.
(Conan voice) Thank you.
We begin the trial.
Will the defendant please approach.
Go ahead, prosecutor: read the charges against him.
(Conan) Very well.
Toshio Iwamatsu is charged with violation of the home of Tadashi Ishigaki,
president of a real estate company, with the intent to rob.
The house is located at number 5, block 4 in the Akebono neighborhood.
Access is gained through the studio window.
Mr. Ishigaki returns home and surprises him.
The defendant stabs her with the knife he was carrying....
(Eri) Objection!
He just said he had a knife.
-Has the murder weapon been identified yet? -No, they haven't found it yet.
Remove this part, please.
Understood.
Very well, mother! Don't pack, there's still some left.
"The murder weapon has not yet been located...?"
The police find the accused
near the scene of the crime with traces of blood on his clothes...
(PA: male) "Attention, we have located the suspect!"
During the interrogation, the accused confesses.
Therefore, he is also charged with manslaughter,
article 199 of the Penal Code.
The accused accepts the charges?
I did not kill him!
Soc innocent!
(People: whispers)
What do you think, the defense?
The same as the defendant.
I submit that he is innocent of the murder.
Not guilty.
All right, let's move on to examine the evidence.
First, let's look at the autopsy of the body.
Members of the jury,
please look carefully at the monitor in front of you, please.
Mm... Oh!
What's it going to be? A picture of the corpse, isn't it?
What?
"Will she stand it, Miss Kobayashi?"
They may be a bit harsh images, but you, as jurors,
have a duty to check the facts.
Cause of death: hemorrhage from stabbing in the abdomen.
The murder weapon is estimated to be a sharp object with a blade of about 15 centimeters
with a blade of about 15 centimeters.
Next, we will hear from witnesses.
You are the victim's cleaning lady, right?
Yes.
I have been for 5 years.
Can you explain to us what happened on the day of the crime?
I was cleaning the room upstairs, as usual...
"...when I thought I heard a noise downstairs."
Eh?
"The gentleman had told me that after golf he was going out to eat,
and I thought I would have thought so."
"But when I came downstairs after the cleaning was done..."
You're back already?
What's he doing, the window, open...?
Ah!
Sir...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
That's it.
Does the defense have any questions about the testimony?
When you went to the crime scene, then,
can you confirm that the killer was gone?
Yes.
I only saw the gentleman in the middle of a pool of blood.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
I beg to remind you that Mrs. Hara only found the body.
The witness at no time saw
the defendant and the victim fight,
contrary to what the prosecutor seemed to imply earlier.
You are the younger brother of the victim's deceased wife, are you not?
Yes.
He was the general manager of the real estate company,
just below Mr. President.
That day he went to see for work
and you found him already lying on the floor, correct?
I needed to get an urgent transaction approved,
so I went to see...
(Hara: shrieks)
What's wrong?!
Mrs. Hara!

-Tell me!
What happened?! - Mr... Mr. Tsukano!
Mr....!
Chairman...
Chairman!
Chairman!
-Mrs. Hara, an ambulance! -Mrs. Hara, an ambulance! Ah... Yes!
Members of the jury...
He was the only family I had left
after my sister's death.
I beg you to punish the culprit with the maximum possible penalty.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, if you have any doubts or questions to ask,
now is the time: do not hesitate to say so.
-So, if I may... -Go ahead.
He says they haven't found the gun yet.
Maybe the murderer took it with him when he fled?
We considered that, too,
and we had to check the possible escape routes,
but, unfortunately, we were unable to locate it.
The arrest of the accused
occurred only 20 minutes after the tip-off.
Even current it takes more than a quarter of an hour
from the crime scene to the place where he was arrested.
We can deduce that he did not have material time
to dispose of the weapon outside the area searched by the police.
So where is the gun?
This is a hard blow to Madonna....
"At the moment, they seem to be evenly matched..."
What you see now is the state in which they found the studio after the crime.
The assailant entered through the window and, as he searched the room, the victim arrived and found him..,
the victim arrived and found him...
-Huh? -What's going on?
(People: whispers)
If you have any doubts, put it on the table, straight out.
Ah, yes... If I may... I've got one!
"He-he. Like there's a show of hands, in a trial."
Go ahead.
Maybe the painting in the room is upside down?
-The painting? -Yes.
The director of the school has the same painting in the office, and I would say....
The truth is that it's not clear whether it's upside down or right side up...
And what does this have to do with the case?
We have no record of anyone moving the painting during the investigation.
Nor does my client remember moving the painting at any time.
You mean it has importance, as it were?
-What? -I don't think so.
It's not understood.
It doesn't matter how it is.
Let's say you're right and it's upside down.
How would you link it to the case, you?
Oh, excuse me.
We can let it go, really.
Continue the trial, please.
"The painting is upside down...?"
(Man) Although the defendant has evidence to the contrary,
Madonna is having a hard time convincing the jury.
(Man) That's because attorney Kisaki is a relentless opponent.
The mother is doing very well, isn't she?
So far, yes.
But I don't think Madonna will crumple over such a little thing.
Conan, what are you worried about, what the lady said about the painting?
Man, if it turns out that she's right and it's upside down,
I'd like to know who turned it.
She thinks she may also have been confused, no?
It's her first trial and she must be very nervous.
It's true.
"But if the picture is upside down, there must be a reason."
And if we're going to check it out?
I'd say it's here. Looks like someone beat us to it.
Hadn't we better wait for the mother to come?
No, woman, let her, she'll come.
Are you sure he was lying here?
Oh, my...
What are you doing here, detective?
Do you want anything, Mrs. Kisaki?
No.
I wanted to see the crime scene and that's it.
Am I in the way?
And now, go ahead.
I was just confirming some details for the next session.
Have you found anything new that will allow you to turn the tables and win the trial?
Have you checked if the painting is well hung?
How?
Ah, what a juror was saying.
Look, it's that one over there, isn't it?
Yes, she said it was hung upside down.
What, Ran?
What does it say, the picture you found on the internet?
There's no doubt about it.
The lady was right, it's upside down!
Yes, man, yes.
But what the hell does this have to do with the case?
It is impossible that the owner was wrong to hang it.
Therefore, you have to ask yourself who hung it wrong and when.
-Unhang it! -Yes.
Oh, it was hung on the wall with a magnet.
What's that?
Shut up...
-Is it blood? -That's a good one.
If it was still from the front,
but how could it have gotten to the back?

He had to touch someone with stained hands...
An IOU?
These are signed loans...
Oh, my gosh... This man used the painting as a safe.
-Oh!
But if...! - Mm?
A loan of 3 million yen...?
And the debtor is the Iwamatsu?
Wasn't this the defendant's surname?
Yes, probably the defendant's objective...
was to steal this promissory note in the first place.
"We have just found a crucial piece of evidence."
I admit that rumors had reached me
that the president was involved in business dealings
that could compromise and jeopardize his office.
-Did you know that, too? -No.
The president was a very private man
and never explained anything to anyone, never ever.
In fact, I didn't even know that there was anything hidden behind the painting...
until now that it has been taken down.
Ask him the details in private, please.
Accompany me.
I have to explain all this to the mother!
-And you, Mrs. Hara? -I didn't know anything about the painting either.
If the accused is the person who turned the painting,
how come he didn't take the document he came for?
Perhaps, when he had already taken it off the hook,
he felt Mr. Hara's footsteps coming down the stairs,
he got nervous, hung it up again and ran away possessed.
But if he had time to hang it, he could have run away with the painting.
Yes, but he didn't because the man had just stabbed someone,
he was frantic and wasn't thinking clearly!
Do you understand now?
"Something doesn't add up."
"If what was behind the painting
"It was a secret that the victim didn't want to share with anyone,
how did the killer know about it?"
Listen, shouldn't there be a vase on top of this?
-Huh? -A vase?
It's just that there's a rug here, but there's nothing on top of it.
It's true.
And besides, you can tell there used to be one, because of the discolored part.
Excuse me, do you remember?
Do I?
Yes, I do!
It was a vase of the lady.
When she died, the gentleman did not touch it at all,
but who knows, maybe in the end he decided to throw it away.
Wow.
I thought it was broken during the fight with the killer.
No trace of any broken vase was found at the crime scene.
Your name is Conan, right?
You're very observant.
You give me pause.
It only serves to fixate on nonsense.
Well, if you'll excuse me...
"How strange... "She got nervous when I called her the vase..."
"Something's going on here."
Have you found an IOU from Mr. Iwamatsu?
Everything indicates...
that the defendant had every reason to want to murder the victim.
So he didn't just break into this house by chance.
This is crucial evidence and I intend to present it next day.
You have been warned.
You mean it wouldn't be better to withdraw the plea of not guilty
and seek a plea bargain?
The defense is up to me,
and thank you for your concern, but there's no need.
Don't look at me if you make a fool of yourself in front of the jury.
Are you sure, mother? Don't be afraid, Ran.
I'm in a way that, the more complicated the case gets, the more motivated I become.
Easy, huh?
"There's only one way to win this trial:
To clarify the truth of the case."
"And the key to doing that is to solve the mystery of the upside-down painting
and find the missing vase."
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita," Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.
"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).

Have they found the weapon yet?
I suspect that with the verdict of this trial,
the chain of victories of the great Eri Kisaki will have ended.
He says that he is not really the guilty one!
And now!
May I know who told you that?
It's your turn, father!
Run!
Very well!
Let's go.
"Courage, Kogoro!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"Court showdown 4:
Jury Sumiko Kobayashi, (part 2)"

