(Children: uproar)
- (Genta) Miss! -Oh!
After the trial you met, to discuss the case?
Of course we did!
We members of the jury were together for quite a while.
And how do you see it, the others?
Do you think the defendant is guilty?
We want to know the opinion shared by the majority!
But I can't tell you that!
You understand me, don't you?
Of course you can!
We know how to keep a secret, we.
I said no.
No way!
-Ah, Miss! He's leaving!
Like, the subject of the painting...
that Miss Kobayashi commented on during the trial?
(Shinichi voice) Well, she was right, it was upside down.
And who do you think it would be?
If I knew, it would mean that the case would already be solved.
(Shinichi voice) You're right.
(Shinichi voice) "Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"The truth of the vase incident."
"A sentence that will shake the courtroom."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
(Shinichi voice) "They choose Miss Kobayashi to be part of a jury."
"The lawyer, Eri Kisaki, Ran's mother,
is in charge of defending the defendant, who pleads not guilty."
"On the other side is the Madonna of the prosecution, Reiko Kujo."
"The defendant has a lot of evidence against him," she says,
"But Ms. Kisaki uses all her wits,
and the two sides are surprisingly evenly matched."
"During the trial, Ms. Kobayashi...
"She notices a picture of the scene of the crime
that she suspects is upside down."
"To me, the subject of the painting doesn't fit either."
"When they investigate him thoroughly, they discover on the back...
"The promissory note for a loan the victim made to the defendant,
and this becomes crucial evidence to frame him."
"Now then, the victim's cleaning lady, Mrs. Hara,
is behaving very strangely."
"How will it end, this trial?"
"Court confrontation 4:
Juror Sumiko Kobayashi (part 2)"
What does it say?!
That behind the painting was my promissory note?
Why had I hidden the fact that I owed a debt to Mr. Ishigaki?
It was quite important.
I shouldn't have asked that man for money.
Because of him I was about to lose the store.
But if I had explained this to you,
you would have thought I was the murderer, it's obvious.
Do you understand me, now?
Well, now the prosecutor intends to use this information
as evidence to prove that I had a motive to murder you.
It is not true!
I only went in to retrieve the document!
Can you swear to me that you didn't touch the painting at all?
I swear to you.
I didn't even know he had it hidden there, I just found out now.
Please, you must believe me!
Whether I believe you or not doesn't matter now.
What we have to do is to convince the jury,
who has the last word.
In any case...
I will study what options we may have for the next hearing.
One more thing... Remember that vase in the courtroom?
Vase?
Now-now that you mention it...
Iiiih!
Aaaah!
Ah, yes... Yes, there was one!
So I was...
-Wow! -Good afternoon.
Hello, mother.
How did it go? Ran!
You came to see me.
It's just that Conan had to talk to you urgently,
and we came here after class.
Do you want to know if the defendant saw the vase
that was missing from the crime scene?
Yes!
What did he say? You were right, Conan.

There was a vase in that room.
Well, during the investigation,
the police found no remains of any vase.
That's because someone must have taken it.
And you think this vase has nothing to do with the murder?
Now we know that the gun is not the only one missing, at the crime scene.
And where did the defendant tell you it was, the vase, when he saw it?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
He says it fell from this piece of furniture... and rolled over here.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Near the door..."
(Phone)
Hello, Eri Kisaki buffet.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Just a moment.
-What is it? -What's up? -It's Prosecutor Kujo.
I'm Eri Kisaki.
What is it?
Did they really find the gun?
They found it while cleaning the pool
at the park in Block 3 of Mizushima Ward.
The weapon was the bottom of the pool.
After examining it, it was confirmed to be the one from the crime we are investigating.
It is very kind of you to call me for letting me know, thank you.
Now, do you mean to say that Mizushima is not somewhat far from the path...
that the accused traveled to escape, in this case?
Everything seems to indicate that the crime was committed about a quarter of an hour earlier
than we had originally estimated.
Another witness claims to have seen someone resembling Iwamatsu.
"It was around the vicinity of the victim's house at that time."
I suspect that, with the sentencing of this trial,
the great Eri Kisaki's string of victories will have ended.
In any case, see you at tomorrow's session.
Have they found the gun yet? Mm.
There is no end to the evidence that is prejudicial to the defense.
The gun and the promissory note are hard evidence to disprove.
Enough whining.
From the moment we accept the case,
our job is to do everything we can for our client.
Yes.
(Shinichi, think) "The situation is getting more and more complicated..."
"I can see I'll have to lend a hand to Ran's mother."
- (Genta) Hey, lady! (Genta) - Eh?
What are you from this house, you? -That's right.
It's just that we've heard that Detective Kogoro Mouri
will catch the real culprit of the crime of this house,
and we came to see the place!
But the culprit of this crime has already been arrested.
In fact, he is on trial.
He says that it is not really him, the culprit!
And now!
May I know who told you that?
We've already told you: Detective Kogoro Mouri.
He says the murderer was someone else.
That he actually killed him to steal a very valuable vase...
What the hell?!
That vase was not...
Look, he's not fooling me.
I don't know who he is, this detective, but they already have the culprit.
And they're judging him, which is what it's all about.
Are you sure he said "that vase"? Absolutely sure!
Come on, man, tell us at once!
Do you suspect it was her who stole it?
Is it true that this time the murderer is not the accused?
We'll soon find out.
I'm sure Mrs. Hara will clear up the mystery...
of the missing vase.
Will you bring us the missing vase, madam?
That's right, you had it.
Well, madam... It's about time you told us what happened.
The session begins.
Before hearing the testimonies,
we received a request from the prosecutor to present new evidence.
We saw the frame mentioned at the previous hearing being inspected.
And inside the frame we found a promissory note for 3 million yen.
A promissory note signed by... Toshio Iwamatsu.
And the murder weapon, which was missing...
has also been located.
The blood that was found matches the victim's.
It's not mine!
I've never seen this knife before!
-Bullshit! -Calm down, Mr. Iwamatsu!
You want to turn me into a murderer!
Nooo!
(Iwamatsu) Quiet! - (Iwamatsu) It wasn't me!
Mr. Iwamatsu, I beg you to control yourself, please.
Everything is going as the Madonna had foreseen.
And what happens in the end, with the vase? There's a lot of trial left, Ran.
Does the defense have any objection to taking into consideration
the new evidence provided by the prosecution?
No, no objection.
Now, I ask that Mrs. Hara be recalled to testify.
And now what do you do?
I don't know what you want to ask her that I didn't ask her the other day.
Tell me, Mrs. Hara, do you remember seeing this vase?

Yes, it is the vase that was in the master's study.
What time are we talking about?
The day he died, I'm sure it was there.
Because, before going upstairs, I cleaned the study.
And I'm sure it was!
What does that mean?
There was no vase, among the objects in the study.
When was the next time you saw it?
And where?
The day after the death, at the collection point.
"I went to the house to work, as usual,
but, as I couldn't get in, I let him be."
"And when I was on my way back..."
"The vase was the waste collection point."
I was very surprised to find the vase out there.
That's why you decided to take it with you.
Is that correct?
Yes, but for safekeeping, that's all.
I assure you!
Surely it would have stayed with you if no one had noticed.
Objection!
Today we are here to try a murder case, not a robbery.
The questions refer to a possible theft,
it's a defense strategy to buy time.
Please explain the purpose of the questions, Counselor.
If I may, I would like to call the following witness,
Kogoro Mouri, who was present when the vase was found.
It's your turn, father!
Run!
You speak of me as a common witness!
Wait, you have a taca.
Eh?
All right, let's go!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Courage, Kogoro!"
Could you explain the relationship between this vase and the case?
Ahem!
Why did it disappear, the vase?
Well, because the culprit hid the knife, the murder weapon,
and then took it out of the studio.
Objection!
You can't prove that.
I don't know if you can see some kind of stains on the inside of the vase.
Are they brown?
Oh!
It could be blood!
When I retrieved the vase that Mrs. Hara had,
a flash of inspiration crossed my brain neurons.
Don't tell me that he wanted to steal, but that the victim saw her....
What-what do you say, now!
God forbid, I haven't done anything!
(Conan's voice) There are some stains inside the vase... They look like blood.
Like ?!
No doubt, it's blood!
And there are also some at the bottom of the vase.
Ahem!
And if you have any doubts about my great deduction,
compare the blood left in the vase with the victim's blood.
Even if it matches, that wouldn't mean it was from the weapon.
After stabbing the victim,
the culprit hid the murder weapon in the vase,
took it out of the studio...
and left it at the collection point,
and then fled with only the knife.
And why did he have to make life so complicated?
Wouldn't it have been simpler to take the knife directly?
Yes, but, of course... I suppose he didn't want to get blood on it.
When the accused was arrested,
it was already established that he had traces of the victim's blood on his pants and sleeves.
on his pants and on his sleeves.
I don't see why he should worry about getting any more blood on himself.
Yeah, but, let's see...
Espavila!
That you hadn't found out the whole truth?
Yes, but, give me time...
(Shinichi, thinks) "I'll take care of the rest."
Eh?
Ah...
-Do you know what happened to him? -It's Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) The victim was killed
before the defendant entered the house.
Probably when Mrs. Hara was upstairs vacuuming.
vacuuming.
She stated that she thought she heard a noise downstairs,
because, at that time, in the study...,
"...the culprit was murdering the victim."
"Next, the murderer took the picture off the wall....
and took the one he had been looking for."
"Unfortunately, at that moment he felt some strange noises."
(Quebradiza)
"He must have gotten very nervous,
because he didn't even notice that he was hanging the painting upside down."
"After a moment, the defendant broke into the house,
with the intention of stealing his promissory note."
"But then, he found Mr. Ishigaki's dead body on the floor."
Iiiih!
Aaaah!
"But it didn't end there."
He's back already?
Oh!
Lord!
Aaah!
"Next, the killer hid the knife in the vase next to him
and made it look like he had just arrived."

That he had just arrived?
You mean the culprit is...? - (Kogoro voice) Exactly!
It's the person who showed up right after Mrs. Hara.
What's wrong?!
Mrs. Hara!
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
The culprit is you..., Mr. Tsukano!
No, I don't know what makes you suspect me, Mr. Mouri.
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Tsukano, I know the truth, don't strain yourself.
"When he saw the corpse, he probably touched it...
so that he could explain the blood that had splashed on it during the crime."
"Next, he told Mrs. Hara to call an ambulance,
"And he took advantage of this moment
to remove the vase with the knife from the study."
"He left the waste collection point,
and also hid the gloves he had used."
"Later, once the police interrogation was over,
he took the knife and gloves from inside the vase and left."
The vase was to be taken away
the next morning with the garbage,
and the evidence would have been destroyed.
"Now then..., unfortunately,
"It kind of wasn't the day for non-flammable waste,
"They left the jar where it was,
and Mrs. Hara took it home."
On the other hand, she kind of felt at the first session of the trial....
that they had not yet found the murder weapon,
he hurried to throw the knife in the pool...
because they would find it there when they had to clean it.
Don't you think that's enough?
Why should I have wanted to kill my brother-in-law, me?
Mrs. Kisaki must have investigated his motives.
We know that he, as general manager,
embezzled company funds,
and that's why he had a conflict with the victim.
This is just talk for the sake of talk!
You won't be able to prove it!
Have you found my fingerprints on the painting?
We couldn't find them, of course.
Because, when you committed the crime, you were wearing gloves.
Ah, you see?
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
I hope you will take this into account when you reach your verdict.
(Thinking) "Mr. Mouri..."
(Kogoro voice) But... what about when he pulled out the knife....
and the gloves from inside the vase?
If the gloves were the vase,
obviously he had to take them out with his bare hands.
Me inspecting the inside of the vase to make sure.
And there...
"Just as I thought, there had been an imprint of blood."
When he pulled out the knife and gloves,
you got blood on your fingers, and a print was left there.
But, of course, you wanted to run away quickly,
and that's why you overlooked this detail.
And all because you thought that the garbage truck would pick up the vase
would pick up the vase first thing the next day.
The person who was able to move
the vase at the crime scene...
while the owner of the vase's blood-stained fingerprint...
is the real culprit!
I request that this vase be formally introduced into evidence.
Prosecutor!
Do you object?
We will take the vase to the coroner...
to check the origin of the blood and the print immediately!
It's all his fault!
He was greedy.
Under the guise of embezzlement,
he even took from me
the property of the land that my sister had left me!
That's why that day, while he was away....
"I remembered about the painting,
because my sister had explained it to me."
What do you think you're doing?
You're behaving like a common thief!
I wanted to turn a blind eye because you're my brother-in-law,
but first you stole money from me from the company,
and now you pretend to do the same in my house?!
Please!
It's the land my sister left me!
What nonsense!
I won't give you one yen, not one yen!
Actually, what you should do is report it to the police.
If you don't want me to do that, get out of my life at once!
I didn't want to give my sister's land to that man!
Not that land...
Your Honor, I accuse Mr. Toru Tsukano...
for the murder of Mr. Ishigaki.
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita", Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.

"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).
(Home 1) Please stand next to Detective Mouri!
(Man 2) How do you feel, knowing that you asked the question....
that has led to the solution of the case?
I was very surprised, but very happy to have been able to contribute a little!
-The young lady looks like a hero - More than a hero, I would say a heroine.
She's the advisor to the Junior Detective League!
She just said the painting was upside down.
If you need me in any trial, let me know!
Anytime!
(Shinichi, think) "I'm afraid the system doesn't go like that."
Now that we're talking about White Day, you haven't been given anything, have you?
You didn't get anything, Shinichi? What surprise he must have prepared for us?
What surprise must he have prepared for us?
What do you mean?
What do you mean? Sonoko told me earlier.
It seems that she does something fun at every birthday party.
(Woman) Aaaah!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the episode 'The White Day Betrayal'."

