"March 14th is White Day."
Now that we're talking about White Day, you didn't get a gift, did you?
What?
Yes, you didn't get anything, Shinichi? Did he?
You gave him chocolates, didn't you?
With a message, on Valentine's Day.
I didn't have time to give them to him,
he ate them before I could give them to him.
Ah... I would like to know if Makoto will give anything to me.
I did give him chocolates.
If you give them chocolates on Valentine's Day,
should they give you a gift on White Day?
First, you give them chocolates on Valentine's Day.
After a month, on March 14, if he gives you a gift, the bells of love will ring on White Day,
the bells of love will ring all the way to the other side of the universe.
If not, the threat of broken love will hang over you.
What?
The threat of a broken love ?
"Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"A White Day with a sour taste. The great trick will be revealed."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"Tonight, we have been invited....
the eighth anniversary celebration of Urai Chocolates."
"Every year, for the birthday party,
"The president of the company had a surprise act prepared...
"Like a magic trick or a theatrical performance
to entertain the guests, and everyone was already looking forward to it."
"But when the time came,
Mr. Urai made a scream and collapsed on the floor."
"At first we thought it was part of the performance,
but the president was not breathing, he had really died."
"It has become clear that the cause of death.
"It was cyanide poisoning,
"But his wife, Hoshie, who was standing next to him,
"could not have administered the poison to him
because she was reading the Ran's hand."
"In Mr. Urai's car, some pills were found.
"And a container with poison, and this made one think of suicide,
"Because his wife had asked him for a divorce
and to divide the company and, according to her, that had depressed her."
"Now then..."
"The betrayal of White Day (part two)."
Excuse me, Mrs. Urai,
you should call the restaurant and cancel the reservation, shouldn't you?
What?
Yes, it seems to me that you and your husband have just been drinking,
during the birthday party.
I didn't see you eat anything at all.
That's why I thought
you must have booked a table at a restaurant.
No, we hadn't made any reservations.
My husband was getting very fat, lately,
and he was forbidden to go out to dinner.
He only ate healthy things that I prepared for him.
Oh, I get it.
And what had I made him for dinner today?
Oh, let me see, let me think about it...
The party was supposed to end around 9, right?
Later,
if we add the time they had to say goodbye to the guests.
I imagine you must have already bought the things to make dinner.
I say that because it's impossible
you knew what was going to happen tonight.
(Thinking) "But... But who is it?"
"But who is it, this devil's child?"
(Think) "It's obvious that it's her, who has murdered her husband."
"But how did she do it to him, to give him the poison?"
"When the president has fallen,
"Mrs. Urai had both her hands busy
holding Ran's hand to read him l'hi."
"If he has used some trick,
"It must have to do with the phrase she said to her husband:
" 'What? Does it work?"

"But why did he tell you? What's the point, this sentence?"
(Someone sneezes)
What's the matter with you?
Do you have allergies, Chiba?
Yes.
I take medicine, but I'd say it doesn't work.
And I can't take too much, because it makes you drowsy.
"Works"?
I wish there was a miracle allergy medicine
that was effective and didn't make you drowsy.
"Miracle"?
Takagi, see to it that they hurry...
with the analysis of the poison and the pills found in the car!
I'll do it.
Hey, Father!
Look, your cigarette fell on the table!
Eh?
Oh, no!
It burned the paper napkin!
Luckily, you saw it in time, it could have caught fire.
Oh, my goodness!
"If I remember correctly,
"This napkin was under the lemon tea
that Mrs. Urai drank."
"Of course! I get it."
"That's why she wanted to pass in front of the table."
Excuse me, Inspector Takagi.
Mm?
Can you help me look for something
Mr. Kogoro asked me to find?
Eh?
What did he ask you to find?
Well, the evidence that would prove...
the trick the murderer used, and tried to hide.
(Urai) It seems to be confirmed
that the cause of my husband's death is cyanide poisoning...
and that the only person who could have administered it is me.
"But just at that moment,
I was holding Ran's hand with both hands to read to her."
so I could not have given her the poison.
In addition, cyanide and a bottle with pills have also been found...
in the glove compartment of my husband's car.
"To all this we have to add that my husband
had traces of one of these pills stuck to a tooth."
"We can assume, then,
"That my husband has dipped the pill in the poison,
put it in his mouth and committed suicide."
That's the only possibility, don't you think?
Yes.
Then, if you agree with me,
you won't have any objection to let the guests leave the party.
It is quite clear that I am no longer a suspect.
First of all, if I had wanted to kill my husband,
it would obviously not have occurred to me to invite to a birthday party
a reputed detective like Mr. Mouri to the birthday party.
Oh, so much so.
(Kogoro voice) That's true.
(Kogoro voice) Of course, if this were part of the strategy....
(Kogoro voice) - Huh? (Kogoro voice) - Huh?
It would be quite different.
(Kogoro voice) - Huh? -Ah, no, no.
This one who spoke just now was not me.
(Thinking) "Wait a minute, every time I feel my voice from somewhere, I end up with a prick in the back of my neck,
I end up with a prick in the back of my neck."
Ah!
Aaaah... And sometimes... also... in the middle of the forehead.
Father, don't tell me that the same thing has happened to you again?
Ah, Mouri!
Mouri! What do you mean by this "strategy"?
(Kogoro voice) The strategy that Mrs. Urai has used
to poison her husband, Mr. Urai,
so that she couldn't be discovered.
(People: exclamations of surprise)
(murmurs)
E-strategy, you say?
And part of this strategy has been to use you?
Yes, well, not me directly, but my daughter Ran,
who has accompanied me here today.
If my daughter stated
that you had both hands occupied so that I would read her hand,
and that your husband, Mr. Urai,
did not move or say anything when he fell to the ground,
you were sure that I would believe you
and so I would cease to be a suspect in the murder.
"You committed the murder during my speech,
"Because you wanted me to go far away from where you were with your husband,
so that I could not discover the trick you used."
And what is it, this trick that according to you I have used?
Come on, explain to everyone how I murdered my husband.
You asked your husband a question, didn't you?
You asked him "does it work"?
And what does this have to do with it?
Mr. Urai...
"He loved to do magic tricks and perform theatrical numbers,
and, on the other hand, he couldn't stand sour things."
She used this to trick him.
She made him a proposal for the party:
"I'm sure, my love,
"I'm sure, my love, that everyone will be amazed if at the party...
if at the party you eat a Spy-white-choco-white without batting an eyelid".
Isn't it true, Mrs. Urai?
Isn't it?
What are you saying?
This is absurd!
But if just recently my husband ate a lemon cake

and had to spend a few days in bed.
It is not possible that he accepted or even tasted it, this white chocolate.
Yes, it is possible.
He just had to use a miraculous trick.
A miracle trick?
What do you mean, a miracle trick?
You know what it is, the miracle fruit?
Have you heard of it?
I have, yes!
It's a fruit that makes sour things taste sweet.
Yeah, it was all the rage a few years ago.
It's a red berry that comes from West Africa.
They can make sour things, like lemons, for example,
taste sweet.
The cause is a substance, miraculin,
which acts on the taste buds.
It is like a miracle fruit,
and its effects can last an hour or two.
That's why after her husband ate it,
Mrs. Urai asked him: "Does it work", the effect of the fruit?
Isn't it true, what I say, Mrs. Urai?
So, it's possible that the poison was?
Yes.
At that moment, of all the things on the table,
the most acidic one to test if this fruit worked
was the slice of lemon
from the iced tea that Mrs. Urai was drinking.
"Previously, Mrs. Urai....
"She had taken a tooth out of a lemon slice,
"and had replaced it with a piece of one of these tablets
which dissolve in the mouth impregnated with the poison."
"In this way, when Mr. Urai put it in his mouth...,"
he would release the poison.
Therefore, therefore, Mrs. Urai has poisoned the lemon,
wrapped it in something
and took it to the party for her husband to taste.
"At the party, she has exchanged the lemon for the one she had carried with the poison,
"She hid the other one between two sheets of the paper napkin,
and waited for me to make my speech."
"Later, when Mr. Urai had already put the lemon in his mouth....
"And he had fallen dead on the floor,
he took the poisoned lemon from his mouth and hid it."
When everyone's attention was focused on Mr. Urai...
he took the slice he had hidden in a napkin...
"and put it back in the tea glass."
"In this way,
"Even if the police checked what was on the table,
it was impossible to find the poison in either the food or the drink."
By the way, when you have taken the iced tea from the table,
you decided to take a glass from the third row
because you wanted one that had a slice of lemon in it
the same size as the one you had hidden at home.
Am I wrong?
Ha!
I would expect nothing less from you.
You have noticed even the smallest details.
Now, if I took the glass from the third row, it was out of habit.
Don't you people ever do that?
Of not taking the product in front of you,
but what's behind a shelf?
I do.
When I buy milk in a supermarket, I always do it.
Anyway, I had to give it to him, the lemon.
If he had taken it from my glass,
someone in the room might have seen it.
No, I don't think anyone would have seen it.
I'm sure Mr. Urai had no interest whatsoever in anyone seeing him
in anyone seeing him put a piece of lemon in his mouth.
"If they would have seen him put something sour in his mouth,
then it wouldn't have surprised anyone."
Now then, with respect to the evidence that proves
that he has hidden the original lemon in the napkin,
the forensic police already have it.
"That's why a little while ago....
"I threw the cigarette I was smoking...
on the napkin where I had hidden the lemon."
Hey, officers!
Is it true what he says?
Yes, it is, sir.
We have the proof here.
Please, I ask you to take a look at the paper napkin.
The burn mark does not extend
in a uniform circle on top of the napkin.
This shows that this is where lemon was hidden,
because only the part that was not wet has been burned,
the one that burns more easily.
Yeah, but where is it now, the slice of lemon that had the poison in it?
When I searched Mrs. Urai,
I didn't find any slice of lemon on her.
Most likely...
"After removing the slice of lemon from her husband's mouth, it was probably hidden in his shoe,
it was hidden in his shoe or somewhere else."

"Then, when he was on his way to the room to be searched....
"And he passed by the side of the glasses and the glasses,
he made it look like he was stumbling and knocked a few glasses to the floor."
"With the excuse that he had sprained his ankle," she said,
"He took the poisoned lemon out of his shoe
and mixed it with the others."
Now I understand.
Hurry, get this slice!
- (Chiba) Yes, sir! - (Takagi) There isn't any!
I've already found it.
Mr. Mouri asked me to look for it.
The lemon slice is missing a cricket, and apparently,
there are also traces of hydrocyanic acid, sir.
If the lab finds traces of Mr. Urai's saliva and Mrs. Urai's fingerprints.
and Mrs. Urai's fingerprints...
...then we will have the definitive proof.
I chose the lemon because I had a very pungent hatred for it,
but now I see it was a mistake.
It was too hard to hide.
A very pungent hatred... against him?
Yes.
I met my husband years ago, in a pastry school.
He was a teacher at the school, and I was a student.
Then, one day, the school...
"Decided to enter a pastry competition
and chose two participants."
"I was one of the students chosen."
"But it was obvious who would win,
"Even before the contest was held:
"Another boy from school, my boyfriend,
who knew a lot more than I did."
"The sour cakes that my boyfriend made were second to none,
"to the point that bakeries from all over the world
had come to the school to hire him."
"He was the best."
"But who had to imagine
that he would kill himself the day before the contest was to be held!"
I thought he'd had a depression,
somewhat triggered by his talent,
and I decided to win the contest as a tribute to his memory.
But how come he told me beforehand that I had come second?
Because if he had participated, I would not have won the contest.
Then, a few years later, I married my teacher,
who had been very happy that I had won the contest.
I married the man who made my boyfriend commit suicide.
What made him commit suicide?
Recently, when my husband became ill....
after eating a lemon pie, he told me...
that he couldn't stand sour tastes because they reminded him of my boyfriend.
My husband tasted a cake that my boyfriend had made the day before the contest
the day before the contest and said to him:
"It's too sour, this! You mean you don't have atrophied taste?"
My boyfriend, who had my husband on a pedestal....
and had always trusted him one hundred percent..,
couldn't take it and killed himself.
Crying, my husband confessed to me...
that he had told him whatever I earned..,
and that he couldn't imagine that he would kill himself.
He could not imagine...
how dear my boyfriend and I were to each other!
(Chiba) You are a genius, Mr. Mouri!
It would never have occurred to me that you had deliberately thrown the cigarette.
No?
He-he-he-he!
(Thinking) "I threw it expressly?"
Anyway, like today is White Day,
I guess it was easier to distinguish between black and white.
(Thinking) "White Day?! I'd better call Midori, then."
"Hello, Midori. It's me."
Well, the inspector who is more interested in the cases than in the woman.
What do you want now?
"What's the matter with you? Maybe you've been drinking?"
"Can you give me a good reason not to drink, you idiot?!"
Eh?
Hey, look inside the cabinet next to the fridge,
the second shelf from the top.
I wanted to give you one when I got home tonight,
but it looks like I'm going to be really late today.
"It's just a silly thing for you to see that I'm thinking of you."
"I hope you like it."
"Oh, yes, and I haven't eaten anything to eat."
I thought maybe you could make something for dinner.
"Yes, sure!"
Ah, yes, Ran.
I guess now I'll have to go to the police station to sign the statement,
tell Takagi to take you home, please.
Okay.
Yes, and going home...
stop by the mother's house for a moment and give her this for me.
What's a... White Day gift?
Don't believe what it's not.
I had bought it for Yoko, this,

but since he didn't show up, it's better if someone else keeps him.
Yeah, right.
"The gift wrap is very different from what I bought for Yoko."
Eri was not very happy with the gift.
She made a very strange face, didn't she?
No, and now.
This is the face she makes when she is happy.
I'm sure she liked the gift very much.
Can you explain where you're going, Takagi?
Ah... Oh, oysters!
All the streets are the same here.
I seem to be lost.
-Why don't you look at the GPS? -Ah, the GPS.
It's just that the GPS in the car doesn't work too well, lately.
I'll have to use the map.
I can see that if not, we won't get out.
Which district is it, the Mouri Detective Agency?
-Beika, in the fifth district. Wow, what a shock.
I don't believe it!
A gift for White Day!
Yes.
It would be nice if you looked in the glove compartment of your car from time to time.
It's been 3 days since I left this gift for you.
Inspector Sato was very happy, wasn't she?
Yes, very.
L-listen, Ran, don't...
You don't need to kick yourself.
Eh?
For Shinichi's sake, these things like White Day are not important.
I'm going to call the Sonoko on the phone and get it out of my head.
(Mobile: message tone) Oh.
A voice message from Sonoko.
What does she want?
"Hey, Ran, in Makoto made me a gift for White Day!"
"Yes, he won the championship and dedicated the victory to me."
Well, what do I do now?
I can't call him.
That wouldn't be a good idea, would it?
("Juugoya no Crisis, Kimi ni Aita", Hundred Percent Free)

Nagasugiru ame Datta
Konno ni aoi tsuki dakedo kagayaku hay wo matteita.
Open my eyes...
"Niega" tsuyoku Ikiru koto ni sukoshi Tsukai.
"Todoke" kumorigakatta boku no michi wa Nagai.
"Fukaku" Hikari tsuzuketakute sora no shita.
"Tsuyoku" inoru kimi no koe de hare Wataru.
Kimi ni Aita sore igai kotae nante nai.
Nando demo sakebe!
Hitori juugoya no sora ni yume egaitara.
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Juugoya no Crisis).
Kimi ni mo mieru kana (Kimi ni Aita).

Oh!
Hey, look at this!
Someone has left something in the mailbox.
I don't think it was there before when we went there.
"Could it be... from Shinichi?"
No, it's not his.
What could it be?
Did I miss something?
We have until March 15th to file our income tax returns.
But the 15th is tomorrow!
What?
Cough drops?
From Shinichi?
"When I called you last time, you had a constipated voice."
"Take this, and get well soon."
"White Day."
"I'd like to say that I was glad she didn't give me anything as a gift,
but... now that he's given me a gift, I feel so much closer to him."
"How happy I am!"
(Sonoko) "Hey, Makoto, is that you?"
Yes.
It's me, Sonoko.
They're interviewing the winning team, now.
And you're not giving me anything for White Day?
Not even clouds?
I'm sure I won't.
But when I get back.
"It's White Day,
but depending on how things go, it can get very black."
Did you know that 5 years ago an old and extremely rich man died...
whose name was Tsunechika Inubushi?
They were fighting over the inheritance?
It is seen that one of the adopted sons is a friend of the Kazuha's mother.
By the way he has a name... very funny and amusing.
A mad dog!
There's a mad dog in here!
Don't miss the next episode: "The victim's name is Shinichi Kudo".

