(Man: sobbing) Don't come near me!
Hey, hey!
How come it's so bright, this dog?
A ghost dog!
I didn't know they really existed!
It's phosphorus. (Both) What?!
It contains an element that oxidizes on contact with oxygen
and gives off this glow.
(Both) Ah.
They've painted the dog with phosphorus to scare people.
Mystery solved.
Man, now you've spoiled the ending!
Sorry, "The Hound of the Baskervilles" by Sherlock Holmes...
it's so famous I thought you'd already know it....
Conan, we haven't read all the Sherlock Holmes books....
like you and Shinichi.
Now that I know he's a fake ghost dog, it's not funny anymore.
We'll change the channel.
What?
What to say?
Are you guys up for hunting a real ghost dog?
What?!
But... but they are in Hattori and Kazuha!
(Shinichi's voice) "A teary eye reaches the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"A story with an unexpected twist! The victim's name is Shinichi Kudo?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita Shunkan Anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"The victim's name is Shinichi Kudo."
(Hattori) We rang the doorbell.
But there was no answer, and we heard screams.
We found the door open and decided to enter.
This is no excuse for entering other people's houses without permission.
W-what do you say... about a... ghost... dog?
-No nothing!
It's a made-up story. We don't know, yet.
Five years ago, an old millionaire died...
whose name was Tsunechika Inubushi.
-You've heard of it, haven't you? -Yes, I have.
If I remember correctly, he was the president of the Inubushi group.
Don't... don't tell me that he was killed by a ghost dog...
No, woman!
He died of illness.
He had terminal cancer.
The thing is, from what they say,
when he was young he was with other women and had had a lot of lovers.
Shortly after his death,
a whole bunch of people showed up at his house
claiming that they were children he had had with other women.
Illegitimate children? Yes.
And they all proved it with photos
where their mothers were with the president.
Come on!
They would do it to collect some crumb of the inheritance.
Maybe yes, but it turns out that no one can confirm it,
because the man is no longer around,
and the alleged sons say that the mothers are also dead,
so we can't ask them either.
The story would end here if it weren't for the fact that the president's widow, Mrs. Satomi, recognized them,
Mrs. Satomi, recognized them all as legitimate children...
and officially adopted them.
-All eight of them! -Eight, you say?
But now it's the widow who is dying of illness,
and the problems have already started.
Because of the inheritance, right? Yes.
The immense fortune that the widow had inherited from the president
should be divided among the eight children in equal shares
once she is no more.
But two of the children have died in very strange circumstances.
One of them fell off a cliff and, just before he died, he said
and, just before he died, he said...
that some kind of monstrous specter had chased and attacked her.
"It was surrounded by deep red flames...
"which grew larger as it approached her..,
and looked very much like a dog."
Oh, my! Oh!
Some smartass had set fire to a plastic doll.
-Didn't it grow, huh?
It looks like the man rode his bicycle for a kilometer
while the dog chased him.
He would have noticed.
About that, Heiji.
Did the Inubushi family ask you to look into it?

No, it's just that one of the adopted sons is an acquaintance of Kazuha's mother.
They had been classmates when they were little,
he used to live in Kansai too.
This man says that his two half-brothers
have been victims of a curse.
A curse?
He is convinced that one of the sons is an impostor
who has a grievance with the family and wants revenge.
"He says he uses a cursed ghost dog
to make the Inubushi disappear forever!"
Really...?
Actually, what I wanted to do was to explain the case to my father,
who is chief inspector of the Osaka police.
But my father couldn't travel,
so he asked someone to come and listen to his story.
And that "someone" is me.
And what will you do now?
Go to the family home?
No.
It turns out that this gentleman renounced the inheritance
and left the Inubushi family.
Now he has regained his mother's name and lives in Tokyo.
I'm meeting him tomorrow so he can explain it to me.
Do you want to join me? What?
The truth is that the man has a very funny name.
(Shinichi: thinks) "Eh?"
(Shinichi's voice) Shi... Shi... Shinichi Kudo?
Really? I told you, that was funny.
Not at all!
(Female voice) "Who... who is it?"
We're detectives, we're meeting Mr. Kudo.
Hey! (female voice)
The one who answered was a woman, right?
Funny, I thought he lived alone.
He's got a bad back and he's got a lady
who comes to help him a couple of days a week.
Lately he can't even get around to go to work.
Please come in, but Mr. Kudo is sleeping.
Mr. Kudo, you have a visitor.
He sleeps like a soc.
Isn't it too hot in here?
Yes, he has a cold.
Besides, he told me he stayed up late yesterday...
and he didn't get much sleep tonight.
But I imagine he'll wake up soon.
Don't worry, we're in no hurry.
I've been looking forward to him talking to someone.
I don't know what else to do to help you.
That he wants to die so he can rest in peace?
Is that what he's telling you?
Yes, yes.
He says, before he gets eaten by a cursed ghost dog...
Do you think it could be that he's seen her too, the dog?
Could be.
If you'll excuse me, I have to go out and do the shopping for dinner.
-You don't mind staying here alone? -No, be quiet. -No, be quiet.
A cursed ghost dog...
By the way, Heiji, do you know anything else about the case?
Yes.
I know what the children's names are, I have the names written down.
Let's see, they're pronounced like this:
Shinichi, Takako, Saki, Tomoaki,
Miwako, Yoshiya, Keiji and Miyuki.
It is seen that the names were chosen by the Inubushi,
who they say is their father and who passed away 5 years ago.
Oh yes?
And which are the siblings who died?
-Let's see, they were...- # (pop)
(Both) Eh?
-What is this music? - # (pop)
I guess it's the alarm clock,
he must have left it set.
The door!
It's taped up!
What do you mean?
Do you think she killed herself? It looks like it.
I'll uncover the window.
Jo will take out the brazier.
(thinks) "Wow! It's very well glued, this tape."
"And that hurt his back..."
"There's even a stack of books to climb."
"Mm?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wait a minute! This brazier..."
What... what happened to it?
He's got carbon monoxide poisoning!
(Conan voice) Don't move!
And don't come in! What?!
It's been about half an hour since we opened the door to the room, right?
(Conan voice) Yes, yes...
(Conan's voice) His jaw is starting to stiffen.
And he's getting lividity in his back.
There's also... the charcoal.
And don't forget the pile of books in front of the window.
It's obvious, isn't it? Yes.
Well, I'll call the police in the meantime.
-Esperi. -Eh?
Before you go, we must ask you something.
What? We know you killed Mr. Kudo.
Why did you do that? Eh?!
-What-what..., but what...? -What...? - We asked first.
And don't give us the ghost dog story, okay?
You won't get us tangled up.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
Why should I have done it, me?

I'm just a maid.
I just got back from grocery shopping.
Besides, the bedroom door was taped up.
When I arrived, you were ripping the tape off the window yourself.
Yes.
And it was really well taped up.
Also, the brazier is right next to the body.
Whichever way you look at it,
it's clear that he died of poisoning from the toxic fumes.
Everything makes you think, yes.
The door and the window were hermetically sealed from the inside.
No one could have entered.
In addition, there was an accumulation of carbon monoxide in the room.
So no one could have been hiding there either.
-So... -But there are strange things.
Eh?
Although Mr. Kudo was suffering from a bad back,
he made a pile of books to get to the top of the window.
Do you think a man who could barely get up from bed
would bend his trunk to pick up the books
from one of the lower shelves?
Maybe the ones that were closest to him were more important and he didn't want to step on them.
were more important and he didn't want to step on them,
and he chose the lower ones.
And the briquette?
I can pick it up without burning myself.
You're too young to know.
The charcoal...
When you burn charcoal in a hermetically sealed space,
the oxygen is completely consumed
and incomplete combustion occurs
which generates carbon monoxide.
When we breathe, carbon monoxide passes into the bloodstream,
where it mixes with hemoglobin and causes asphyxiation and death.
Therefore, when the oxygen in the room has been depleted,
the flame of the briquette is extinguished.
Did you mean that? Ah... yes.
If the thing doesn't go well,
the process is extremely painful and leaves serious after-effects.
I don't understand people who commit suicide like that.
Apart from that, about half an hour ago...
we saw Mr. Kudo sleeping peacefully in his bed.
Assuming he had covered the door and the window right after that,
it would have taken 10 minutes.
Even longer, considering that his back was hurting.
Besides, with a single brazier it would have taken quite a long time to
to use up all the oxygen in the room
and fill it with carbon monoxide.
He wouldn't have had time.
And even if the fire had gone out, the charcoal would still be hot.
These are clues that tell us that it's been much longer than that
the flame of the briquette has been extinguished.
This means that the briquette in the brazier is cold charcoal,
it has not burned.
"And that someone has entered the room
and put duct tape around the window and the door."
Nonsense!
Are you accusing me of breaking into the bedroom?
You would have seen me right away when he opened the door, wouldn't you?
I tell you I wasn't there!
I was hiding, holding my breath.
In this corner between the door and the bookcase.
It was an almost perfect plan.
"She covered the door and the window and left the brazier on the floor
to make it look like a suicide by poisoning."
"He knew that's all we would look at
and we wouldn't look behind the door."
"That's how he was able to hide."
"When we went back inside,
"as we ripped the duct tape off the window
"and grabbed the brazier to get it out of the room,
he took the opportunity to sneak out."
He turned up the temperature in the room
to keep the corpse from getting too cold.
But his jaw is already starting to stiffen,
and that means he's been dead for over an hour.
And his back is already showing signs of lividity.
It is a proof that he has left the corpse lying on the bed
before we arrived to make it look like he was asleep.
And speaking of evidence,
I'm sure we'll find his prints on the duct tape.
I'm sure we will.
The duct tape was very sticky.
If he had worn gloves, he would have wasted too much time.
He must have intended to help us get the tape off,
so he could justify having his prints on it.
But it all fell apart.
What-what is this?
Who are you, if I may ask?
We already told you that when we rang the doorbell, remember?
We're detectives.
You can't be.
That's not what he told me!
What do you mean?
He told me... that the detective who was coming was just a kid.
Like what?!

Who told you that the detective who was supposed to come was only a child?
-Was it Mr. Kudo? -No.
It was the murderer!
He told me that the detective who was to come was only a child
and that, if I listened to him, everything would be fine.
Eh?! What are you saying?!
Madam, we've had enough of lies!
It's not a lie!
I did not kill Mr. Kudo.
When I arrived in the early afternoon, he was already dead!
Go on.
I-I arrived after lunch, as usual.
"I rang the doorbell, but no one opened the door...
and I had to get in with the spare key I had in my purse."
"Then the phone started ringing."
"I picked up the phone and I heard a very strange voice.
that sounded distorted."
" 'I locked Kudo in the closet in his room,' he said."
" 'If you want to save him, you'd better hurry.'"
In the closet? In here?
I entered the room without having all of them.
"I found the closet all taped up with duct tape
and with the door locked with a bar."
"It was impossible to open it from the inside."
"I took out the bar and the tape, and I opened the door and....
Mr. Kudo was inside!"
The edges of the door are sticky.
Yes.
He must have slept with some narcotics
and locked her in the closet with the brazier on.
That's how they killed him.
Y-you know that, don't you?
You know what I've explained is true.
Yes.
The closet is the real crime scene, it's true.
Anyway, if what you're saying is true,
why haven't you called the police yet?
If something had gone wrong and they'd have found out,
they would have charged you.
It's just that... it's just that...
"... behind the closet door
I found a picture of my son."
(Both) What?!
-He told me on the phone
that if I didn't do what he said, my son would end up the same way.
-And you think he meant it? -Yes...
The person who called also knew
that Mr. Kudo and I often argued.
And he told me that I would win, if we simulated a suicide.
You argued? We argued about food.
He was a picky eater, he was full of pet peeves.
I always criticized him in front of my co-workers.
Speaking of food, what was he planning to do before?
"He made it look like he was going out to shop for dinner,
but you didn't go anywhere, did you?"
I usually stop by the supermarket and do my grocery shopping before I come.
But he said I'm taking the food with me
and make me see that he had just bought it.
And what was he planning to make, tonight, for dinner?
Mackerel with soy.
(Man) Ah!
Mrs. Abukawa, the caretaker?
Yes, she came at noon.
She made me sweat, she's stubborn as a mule.
- (Hattori) "Why do you say so?" - She bought mackerel.
She spilled some juice that spilled all over the package.
and wanted a discount.
"All we'd need to do is lower the prices even more!"
Ah... Okay, thank you very much.
(Shinichi voice) It seems that everything the woman explained to us....
...was true after all.
She has attracted a lot of attention
trying to get a discount on the fish.
If she had lied to us about the time of purchase, we would have caught her.
And what else did she tell you?
Do you have any clues as to her identity?
She said she was...
"A-a vengeful spirit"?
That's what the person who called you on the phone told you?
Yes, sir.
He whispered it to me just before he hung up.
And you can't think who it might be?
Do you know if he had any enemies, the victim?
Y-yes, as a matter of fact...
In fact, this gentleman...
was one of the adopted sons of the president of the Inubushi group,
who died 5 years ago,
and lately he was very afraid.
He was saying that there was an infiltrator among the brothers
who used a cursed ghost dog
to kill all the family members.
What... what do you say? Mm!
This sounds like something out of a mystery novel.
Yes.
It reminds me of one of the Sherlock Holmes cases.
I was referring to "The Inugami Family"... ai...
Well, it doesn't matter.
I had not explained anything else, the victim?
Do you know if he was scheduled to meet anyone?

He had only told me
that a teenage detective from Osaka was to come this afternoon.
We know that the killer also had this information,
so he knew the victim.
Yes...
Also, Mr. Kudo may have intended...
to go somewhere with the murderer.
What do you mean?
What makes you think he was meeting him?
I say that because, when I found her in the closet,
Mr. Kudo was wearing a suit and tie.
Blazer? And tie?
And then you have removed the clothes he was wearing
and put him in this tracksuit, didn't you?
Yes, yes, the murderer told me he had to do it like this.
"Then he put the victim in bed...
and waited for the boys to arrive."
"Once he had shown them that Mr. Kudo was sleeping,
"He left, pretending he was going shopping,
"He threw the corpse on the floor..,
left the brazier next to it and put the adhesive tape on it."
"Then, he turned on the stereo...
and hid in the blind spot behind the door."
In Hattori and Conan have sensed the music and entered.
"While they were entertaining themselves with the window and the brazier,
"You came out of your hiding place
to make them think you were coming back from shopping."
You say the killer instructed you to do it that way?
Yes... Yes, I'm sorry.
By the way, did he take anything with him, the culprit?
Well... the only one who would know is Mr. Kudo.
Ah!
Maybe so.
"The ornament was missing from the tie needle."
The needle?
Do you know if it was a valuable gemstone?
I don't know.
I noticed because it looked like something was missing,
as if it had been torn off.
But I don't know what it was.
The truth is I hardly ever saw him in a suit and tie.
Stretching on the stretcher face up.
-Yes. -One, two and... three!
Eh? What's that?
Something fell out of his mouth.
Small and round.
(Both) There!
(Both) A pearl?
Have the tie needle tested right now!
(Both) What?!
If you find traces of Mr. Kudo's saliva on the needle...
...it will mean that the pearl has been torn off the needle
just before he died,
as if he wanted to send us a message.
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
He burned?
The Inubushi burned a dog?
And this grave you say, does it really exist?
"Here he rests in Fusataro."
It fell right from up there.
It's Saki!
It's as if a burning dog passed through here.
The dog exists! It's the cursed dog!
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"Inubushi Castle and the Cursed Dog.
(The Fire Ghost)"

