Hey!
Avi!
Good afternoon.
We are looking for the house of the Inubushi family.
-Do you know where it is? -Inubushi?
And what do they want, from these people?
It seems they have a problem with a cursed dog
and we've come to help them.
Now pay close attention.
You'd better listen to me.
You'd better turn tail,
so that those who play with fire, always get burned in the end.
-Ooh... -Hey, where's the house?
It's up there, in the mountain.
Do you see that huge house?
That's Inubushi's castle.
The castle of the cursed dog.
"Tearful eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"What's behind the cursed dog attacking the Inubushi family?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita shunkan anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"In Heiji Hattori has brought us a case."
"Mr. Tsunechika Inubushi, the president of the Inubushi group,
died 5 years ago."
"Some of his adopted children have died under strange circumstances:
they say they were killed by a monster that looks like a dog engulfed in flames."
"One of the adopted sons was a friend of the Kazuha's mother,
and with Heiji, we began to investigate the case."
"Surprisingly, the person we are going to visit is named after me,
Shinichi Kudo, even though it's not spelled the same."
"When we get home, we find out that she's been murdered," he said.
"And they wanted to make it look like
that she committed suicide with fumes from a coal stove."
"Who is the murderer posing as a demonic spirit?"
"And the pearl Shinichi had in his mouth, what message does it hide?"
"Inubushi Castle and the Cursed Dog (The Fire Ghost)"
(Kazuha) Heiji, tell us if it's true.
When you found the corpse of that man named Shinichi,
did he really drop a pearl he had in his mouth?
Of course it is true.
Maybe before he died he bit the pearl off the needle of his tie,
to leave a clue to lead us to the murderer.
Oi? Mm-hm.
We found the victim's saliva on the tie clip,
and the pearl could be a posthumous message.
What do you mean, "could be"?
You mean you're not sure?
No.
There's traces of saliva on the needle,
but nothing to indicate that he bit it.
One possibility would be that the pearl was not well stuck to the metal,
or maybe...
That the murderer wanted to send a message,
and deliberately put the pearl in the victim's mouth.
Have I explained it well, Heiji? Yes!
You're close friends, you two!
Of course you are!
You look like Heiji's assistant.
(thinks) "I was just missing this."
Be that as it may,
the perpetrator of the crimes is someone who hates the Inubushi family to death,
and the proof is that Shinichi
gave up his share of the inheritance
and went to live in Tokyo, but he was killed anyway.
That's right.
The Satomi, the wife of the billionaire,
inherited his fortune, and shortly thereafter fell ill.
If the killer's motive was to take the inheritance,
it wouldn't make any sense to kill Shinichi,
because he had given up his share.
It seems that this gentleman had 8 children, right?
Mm.
All 8 from different mothers.
Maybe it's about one of these 8 children,
who resents his father,
and for some reason wants to take revenge on the family.
This makes sense, because Mr. Inubushi...
had abandoned his 8 children when they were young.
And... the 8 children, which ones are the ones who have died?
Let's see...
The murderer made it appear
that Shinichi had died of asphyxiation from the fumes of a stove.

"Earlier, a woman named Miwako drowned in a swamp."
"It was a very wet area,
but near the body were patches of burnt grass."
"The first victim was named Keiji, and he fell off a cliff."
"They say he was chasing a cursed dog wrapped in flames."
Aaah... Aaah...
Out of fear, I should have kept him at home.
Yeah, but when you're told a horror story,
you want to know how it ends.
Yeah, I think so too, but I'm really scared.
Hold it right there!
It's too late to turn around.
No!
Stop! Stop the car!
Stop the car, there's a cliff!
-Aah! -(wheels: squealing)
Oh, my goodness...
Oh, my gosh.
Haven't you seen the sign on the track?
Be careful.
Recently, a person fell and was killed.
Ah, thank you.
We're here to investigate this case, we're looking for the Inubushi residence.
Eh?
Well, I'm a member of the Inubushi family.
Wow!
It looks like a real Japanese castle.
Well, you're right, people around here say Inubushi Castle.
Well, it doesn't look like a castle cursed by a demon dog to me.
M-maybe not.
(Dog: borda)
What's the matter?
(barking)
Oh, look how cute! It's an Akita dog!
Take it easy, Hachi.
These girls and the police officers
have come to investigate the accident that poor Keiji had.
No, I'm not a police officer.
I've told you a thousand times, Miyuki!
When a dog barks too much, if you just cuddle it,
it will think it's doing nothing wrong.
-How many times do I have to tell you? -I'm sorry, Takako.
Now tell me why you came to the house.
The other officer who came came came to the conclusion
that it was an accident.
No, I'm not a police officer...
But there has been another death that cannot be considered an accident,
and we'd like to ask you a few questions about this case.
-Right, officer? -Don't tell me officer!
Maybe you're talking about our brother Shinichi, who died in Tokyo?
Ah, before he left, he kept talking nonsense.
"According to him, someone was using a dog wrapped in flames...
to annihilate the Inubushi lineage."
"Is that what you wanted to know?"
But there is no curse, be calm.
And watch what you say, if the mother senses you, she'll be very upset.
Ah.
Mrs. Satomi is at home?
I thought she was in the hospital.
She's here, but she can't get out of bed and she hardly speaks.
(Man) It's a stroke.
He had it a month ago, and there hasn't been any improvement.
In fact, it should be in the hospital,
but since she's too old, we've decided to take care of her at home.
By the way, I am Dr. Tomoaki Inubushi.
I work at Inubushi Hospital, which is near here.
Are you one of the 8 adopted children in the family?
Yes, sir.
I had a hard time when the hospital where I worked closed down,
and the mother rescued me and helped me a lot.
Does it ring a bell that Mrs. Satomi said something about a traitor?
Well, it doesn't ring a bell.
Ha!
Don't you remember that the mother said Shinichi was a traitor?
He became obsessed with a cursed dog,
and abandoned the family because of unfounded rumors!
Stop it!
Don't say such things in front of the mother!
She doesn't like it.
The mother can't hear us!
She's asleep, isn't she?
One person is missing.
What?
There were 8 children, and 3 died, right?
There should be 5 left, but there are only...
the Miyuki, the Takako,
the Tomoaki and this man, the Yoshiya;
there are only 4.
That's right, there should be another son.
Don't tell me that this son has a scar on his face
and covers it with a mask!
"He mistakes them for the Inugami family."
Only the Saki is missing.
I don't think she'll be long,
she's gone to the dry cleaners to pick up some clothes.
While Saki arrives would you like a cup of tea?
I guess they'd rather wait until all the siblings are here.
In the meantime, why don't you explain to them
the story of the cursed dog of the ancestors?
What do you mean?
Th-they burned it?
-The Inubushi burned a dog? -Yes.
It seems to have happened during the Meiji era.
The family's only daughter had disappeared,
and everyone went looking for her,
until the family dog brought the body to them.
The poor girl was all scratched up and half dead.

The owner of the house began to whip the dog....
And then set fire to it and finished it off.
Later, the girl revived...
and explained that she had lost her way and fallen down a ravine..,
and the dog had saved her from certain death.
The owner of the house regretted what he had done and built her a very nice grave.
and built her a very nice grave.
Then, after a few days, there was a fire and the man burned to death,
there was a fire and the man was burned to death.
That is why the Inubushi are said to be cursed by the burned dog.
But this story is from the year of the itch.
And this tomb you say, does it really exist?
Yes, it does.
It is at the foot of the cliff where you almost fell off.
I have an idea: we're going to see it?
It is true.
"Here rests in Fusataro,
the beloved dog of the Inubushi family."
If people see a dog engulfed in flames,
it's normal for them to think it's the curse of en Fusataro.
Please, doggy, don't curse us.
Et I say the same thing.
"People are too superstitious."
Something, this cliff is the same one where he fell on Keiji?
Ah... yes.
It fell right from up there.
Ah!
It's Saki!
Hold on, Saki, please!
This woman is the missing sister?
T... the dog... burning...
What?
The dog burning?
Kazuha!
Call an ambulance and the police!
-Yes!
Mr. Mouri and I will go up there with the car!
What? You want to leave us alone in this cursed place?
You want to leave us alone in this cursed place?
If you want to go up the cliff, it's faster by the way of the animals.
Come on, we'll follow you.
Ran, you stay here with Kogoro and the Kazuha.
Y-yes.
Let's go, let's go!
It won't be long now!
Look at the flames.
It doesn't smell like gasoline.
It's like a burning dog just walked by.
Yes.
(Kogoro) What?
Flaming footprints?
Flaming footprints up the cliff?
(Kogoro) Yes, exactly.
A trail of about 20 m of footprints all the way to the edge of the cliff.
As if a dog surrounded by flames had passed that way.
Huh?
Yes, but you didn't see any dog.
Someone must have spilled gasoline
and lit it to make it look like there was a cursed dog.
No.
We didn't smell any gasoline.
And the closer we got to the cliff,
the bigger the flames were and the farther apart they were.
As if the thing that had passed that way was getting bigger and bigger.
Right, Miyuki?
Yes.
Th-this means that the dog exists!
It's the cursed dog!
When I was on the ground, poor Saki talked about a dog burning!
Come on, shut up!
Cursed dogs don't exist.
This is all a trick.
Someone wants us to believe that this burning dog really exists.
And what we think the deaths were caused by the dog.
(Yamamura) Exactly! Eh?
In the age of digital television,
with this story of a cursed dog surrounded by flames...
there's to... sparks fly!
Inspector Yamamura!
What, you get it?
Being a dog surrounded by flames, it's a trill!
But who is this?
He's from Gunma police station, though he doesn't look like it.
"We're in Gunma Prefecture!"
Do you have any news of my sister Saki's condition?
Yes, I do.
I heard he was taken by ambulance to the hospital.
They took him to my hospital.
I called them a while ago to ask them about it,
and they said he died in the ambulance.
No!
No, please don't!
I don't know who made up the story about the cursed dog,
but what I do know is that he wants to hurt the Inubushi family.
Yes, you are right.
Of the 8 adopted children, 4 have already died in one way or another.
Well, in this case, now what we're interested in knowing...
is whether 3 of the 4 survivors have an alibi.
Tell us - what were they doing around 7 p.m.,
when the Saki took off.
Miyako has an alibi,
because she went with us to see the dog's grave.
and at that time she was with us.
Around 7 pm, I was taking a bath.
As Saki was taking a long time, I went out to see if I could find her.
She had a tendency to get lost, it happened to her often.
I was taking the mother's temperature and blood pressure,
and I gave her some liquid.
But the poor thing can't talk
and she will not be able to confirm what I just told you.
And you cannot confirm your respective alibis either.
I can't.

Generally, we have 3 employees on duty,
but today they went to see their families.
Mr. Mouri, these questions are for the police to ask,
please let me do my job.
But I thought you were a policeman!
I'm sorry, I didn't introduce myself earlier.
I didn't introduce myself before.
This is Mr. Kogoro Mouri.
What?!
-In Kogoro... -Mouri?
So, you are the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?
Yes, that's right.
Servant.
Boy, what a change, huh?
It's just that you've surprised us a bit.
Before we left, Shinichi met with us and told us something.
He told us that he had talked to a person
who was willing to investigate
the deaths of the other members of the Inubushi family.
Yes, but we didn't imagine that it was the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
(Thinks) "Hey, that the assignment was given to me."
By the way, on the day Shinichi was murdered in his Tokyo apartment,
I guess none of the four of us were in the capital, am I wrong?
-In fact, the four of us were in Tokyo.
We wanted to persuade him to return home to the family.
We had found out that he was suspicious of one of us,
and we wanted to ask him who he was.
But he was very scared and didn't tell us anything.
I am convinced that he thought the killer was one of us 4.
When we came back, Saki told us that he had been called...
and told him that our brother Shinichi was dead.
And then, when you went to Tokyo, you didn't separate?
Yes.
We went together but came back separately.
In any case, now you owe us an explanation.
Why did Shinichi contact you?
And earlier you said that the accidents at Keiji's and Miwako's
might also have some connection with his death.
We don't know if it has anything to do with the case,
but when we found Shinichi's corpse,
he had the pearl from the tie needle in his mouth.
Ooh!
Why are they making this face?
Because next to Keiji's body
there we found something very similar.
-A lottery ball. A lottery ball?
Our brother liked gambling,
and we thought it fell out of his pocket.
B-but later, when the Miwako drowned in the swamp,
next to her body we found a ping-pong ball.
Balls, balls and more balls.
So, the pearl was not a posthumous message.
It looks more like a message from the perpetrator.
Hm.
Ah!
Well, maybe the one there...... was too.
MHM?
We saw it when they took Saki away with the ambulance.
On the ground, next to the dog's grave, there was a bullet!
There was a bullet? Do you have it?
We thought it was an offering and we left it in the dog's grave.
All right, we have to find that bullet.
Will you come with us to look for it, you?
-I'd like to ask you a few questions. -Hm... Yes.
The Kazuha and the others will wait for us here.
You too, Ran.
Wait, we're coming too!
We found the bullet ourselves! Okay, you can come!
And you'll see the damn dog! No, no, thanks.
We'll stay here.
Excuse us, we don't want to disturb,
we just came to get dinner.
Don't worry, it's all right.
In Heiji and others, will they be back before daylight?
I don't know.
It will be very difficult for us, without Saki.
She was the one who organized everything in this house.
And she kept everything in its place.
C-can I help you with something?
Yes, can you go and give the food to Hachi?
Yes! Yes!
I've asked Takako and the others, but they said no.
Ah... Why did they say no?
Takako, she seems to know a lot about dogs.
Yes.
Takako told us that before she came to live here she had a dog,
and she knows how to treat them.
"But now she's very busy with funeral arrangements."
"At Tomoaki, she was once bitten by a dog, and she is very afraid of them."
"At Hachi she notices it, and when she approaches it she always embroiders."
"At Yoshiya he is allergic to dogs."
"If he has a dog near him, he starts sneezing and snot runs down his nose."
So the ones who fed the dog were Takako, Saki and me.
-Will you do it? -Of course we will.
And where will we find him, your dog?
It's a little far from here.
Don't tell me we have to go outside the house.
Don't worry!
The kennel is right next door,

and there's a fence so the damn dog can't get in.
Yes, connoisseurs.
Wow, this garden is huge.
Yes.
Is that the kennel over there?
I think so, look at Hachi.
(Borda)
Hachi!
Hello, we've brought you dinner!
Come on, eat it all.
Oh, how nice.
Yes.
I wish the damn dog was like this.
Grrrr!
-Huh? - (embroiders)
Hey, what's wrong with you?
(Hachi: borda)
What is this?
Do you see it?
There's something shining.
Yes.
(Hachi: borda)
Aah!
Aaaaah !!!!
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
Here there are all of black magic books.
And on the floor they have drawn a magic circle.
It's a person who can curse a dog!
But I'm afraid they won't catch him, the murderer.
Because we are dealing with someone
who uses black magic to get what he wants!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Inubushi's castle and the cursed dog (The footprints) '."

