Question.
Do you know if the Saki has received
any calls from any members of the Inubushi family?
Yes, about two hours before she fell off the cliff.
In fact, the more we know,
the more suspicious I become of the four surviving brothers.
Maybe they told him to buy something,
to make sure he got home at night.
"And then, after dark,
they sent the burning dog to attack her."
Hey, it's not 4, it's 3.
Miyuki has an alibi.
Miyuki is also a suspect.
It would have been very easy for her.
If she wanted the dog to attack the victim,
he only had to call with a silent whistle.
From where he was, the dog would have sensed it.
The only one who is not a suspect in that house is Mrs. Satomi,
because she's too sick.
And you, who gave you permission to meddle?
Are you also Mr. Mouri's assistant, as in Conan?
Well... yes, you could say that.
(thinks) "Assistant ', here we go again."
"Teary eyes reach the heart."
"Tears indicate the beginning of a tragedy."
"The mystery of the flaming footprints and the trail of balls continues."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Ano toki mita sora, furasshu bakku shita Futo shita.
Futoshita shunkan anata wo kanjita.
Kokoro no shattaa orikaketa no ni
Yuuhi ni ukanda Anata no kao.
Why, why, why, why, wakatteru no ni ni ienakatta.
Lie, lie, soba ni ite hoshii I want your love.
Tear drops sueldo Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops sueldo Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
Namida afurete
sukoshi Sunao ni Naret no kanatte.
Hoshizora ni
I believe, forever my dream.
Sotto tear drops.
Tear drops salary Desh kidzuite irun Jana?
Tear drops salary Desh Naite irun Jana.
Tear drops sueldo Desh Zutter wasurenai ay.
Tear drops, tear drops, Kono Nazo toite tear drops.
"The Inubushi are a line cursed by a dog."
"The potentate Tsunechika Inubushi died five years ago."
"His wife and current head of the family, the Satomi,
is very ill and can't get out of bed."
"When she dies, the family's 8 adopted children....
will inherit the Inubushi's vast fortune."
"But, one after another,
the siblings are dying under strange circumstances."
"When we start investigating there are 4 victims,
one of them right in front of our eyes."
"At the crime scenes, there are always some footprints with flames."
"Is it possible that the dog engulfed in flames is real?"
"The murders at Inubushi Castle are the work of the cursed dog?"
"Inubushi Castle and the cursed dog (The footprints)."
Ay, what a maco.
Yes.
I wish the cursed dog was like this.
What's wrong with you?
Hey, what's wrong with you?
What's that?
Do you see it?
There's something glowing.
Yes.
Kazuha!
Get up!
We're going into the house!
Run, Kazuha!
What's wrong, girls?
Why is he making that face?
T-The cursed dog!
-The cursed dog is the garden! -The cursed dog?
Don't talk nonsense!
How do you want me to enter the precincts of the house?
What do you mean?
You mean he has jumped over the wall and entered the garden?
Nonsense.
That can't be right.
Be that as it may, it could be dangerous, it is better that we do not leave the house.
(Dog: borda)
Hachi borda molt.
I hope nothing happens to her!
We have to get her in here! Mm-hm.
Girls, please...!
Well, yes, it's nothing more than an ordinary bullet.
A lottery ball, a ping-pong ball, a pearl and a bullet.
What message does the killer want to convey to us?
It reminds me of a saying.
If you throw a ball at a dog...
Hey, hey, hey!
Stop it!
I don't want to feel any more puns that don't make any sense.
No, man, say what you want.
We listened to it.
Maybe it's an important clue.
No.
It's not important, I don't want to say it.
What?
Say it!
Now you can't leave us like this, man!
No!
I don't want to!
I don't feel like it!
(Kogoro) It's true.
There are places where the grass is burned.
And the rope marking the edge of the cliff has been cut.
And also, someone has torn off the danger sign.

They also tore out the sign marking the turnoff to the house.
I get it.
If it was chased by a dog, in the dark,
down a road with no signs and no protective rope,
no wonder she went over the cliff.
Here, the main problem...
is that she was attacked by a cursed dog surrounded by flames.
Ha!
No cursed dog.
It's a cover story.
It's a story from the past,
that someone takes advantage of to kill
and make us believe that the culprit is a dog wrapped in flames.
He must be painted with phosphorescent paint to make it glow.
-With phosphorescent paint? -Exactly.
In the dark,
it might give the impression that the dog is surrounded by flames.
And what about the footprints?
You didn't smell any gasoline, did you?
Because they may have used some kind of gas stove.
(Mobile)
What do you want, Kazuha?
I think we'll be a while yet.
If you get sleepy and want to go to sleep...
(Mobile) What?
The burning dog has appeared in the house?
Really? It was a dog.
It was a dog and it was surrounded by flames?
Yes.
Ran, you explain it to him.
Yes.
It wasn't phosphorescent paint.
The flames are already out,
but the dog was leaving traces of fire in its wake.
It's true.
There are burnt grass stains, like the ones on the cliff.
Good.
Remember where it came from, the dog?
It came from that side.
These tracks are very rare.
Here.
If we measure the space between the tracks,
I'd say there should be more here,
but at this point they end suddenly.
And in the grass, there are only traces up to here.
Kazuha, isn't this the place where you fell?
That's right.
And now I remember that when I fell, I noticed a very strange smell.
What does a strange... smell mean?
It was like rotten onions.
A strong and unpleasant smell.
"Rotten onions?"
Ah, one thing:
shortly after entering the house,
the Kazuha and I went back out into the garden.
And it was as if it was alive.
Who was alive, the dog?
Of course, it attacked him!
No, not the dog.
It was the fire, or rather, the footprints.
"It was as if they were jumping,
and they also made a noise like clack-clack-clack."
You saw it too, Kazuha! Yes, that's right.
It was as if the footprints had a life of their own.
But how did it come out again?
And why did you catch the cursed dog?
We went out to rescue Hachi.
Because he didn't get eaten by the cursed dog.
(Kogoro) I know how it got into the garden, this thing.
The back door.
They've taken out the bar and left it open,
and I found dog tracks.
(Kogoro) All right.
The person who let the flaming dog into the garden
must be one of the four of you,
because at that time you were the only people in the house.
Mrs. Satomi is sick and can't get out of bed.
Something, Ran, Kazuha....
When she went out to the garden to feed Hachi,
did she ask you, this?
It was Miyuki.
But she told us that she asked the other 3 first
and they said no.
But this, maybe she told us because we didn't say no to her.
Well, apparently, someone has this cursed dog very close to the house.
Exactly, if it wasn't close to the house,
it couldn't have suddenly appeared to attack the Ran and the Kazuha.
Does anyone know who that person might be?
Have you ever felt the barking of a dog in the forest?
Yes, now that you mention it...
Some time ago, the Miwako, the second victim, took me to a cabin.
"She wanted me to take a look,
because I heard some barking coming from inside."
"But I got scared and didn't go in."
-What do you mean? -Tell us where it is!
I think... I think it's very close to the swamp where the Miwako drowned.
Bring us there, please!
What?
Now? -If we go now, maybe we'll find out.
If we go now, maybe we'll discover the mystery of this dog!
He is right.
If the murderer is present here,
he hasn't had time to get rid of the evidence.
B-but I'm on call tonight,
and I have to go back to the hospital right away.
Bring us into the cabin, and then we'll take you to the hospital.
And it will save you walking alone through the woods to the hospital.
Yes, but I just followed her, a la Miwako,
and I don't know if I can take you to the swamp.

Don't suffer, I'll take them to you.
I know the whole forest by heart.
It won't take long, it's not far from here.
All right, we're already at the famous swamp.
Something.
Is it true that the grass in this swamp caught fire?
It's true, but there were only patches of burnt grass here and there.
And then?
Where is the cabin?
It seems to me that it was...
Ah, I see it!
Look, the hut is up ahead.
Very well, then.
Let's go to the lair of the cursed dog.
Watch where you put your feet.
In this swamp there's quicksand.
-Huh? -You're not coming?
You're not coming? -I'm not coming, I'm too scared. -I'm not coming, I'm too scared.
I'll wait for you in the car, okay?
Ah, okay.
(Kogoro) Gee, what's all this?
There's all these black magic books here.
And on the floor they've drawn a magic circle.
And there's no doubt that someone had a dog hidden in here.
Yes, but... who was it?
It's a person capable of cursing a dog!
You idiot!
If people could kill with cursed dogs we'd be out of a job!
But the Ran and her friend have seen her!
I've told you before!
I'm sure it was some kind of trick!
(Man: call)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Man: What?)
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
Don't move! Hold still!
Tomoaki, are you okay?
It's just a little burned.
Tell me... something.
Th-that thing we saw...?
It was... the cursed dog.
(Kazuha) What?
(Kazuha) Again?
That you saw the cursed dog?
(Kazuha) That's right.
Tonight is the third time.
Is it true that it was surrounded by flames?
That's impossible, I'm sure it's a trick.
In fact, I thought so too, but now I'm not so sure.
I think those flames were real.
We saw a dog running surrounded by flames.
And wherever he stepped, he left footprints of fire.
On top of that, this cursed dog attacked Tomoaki and touched his arm,
and now he has a burn.
Is... is he all right? Yes.
I've treated myself with the first aid kit I carry in my briefcase.
And I called the hospital and told them I can't come in,
and to find someone to stand guard.
Tell me something: how did you get out of the car?
Ah... I was alone and I got scared, I couldn't help it.
But now we have to find out
what the onion we found at the scene means,
where the dog attacked him.
-A spherical object. But what does it all mean?
Kazuha, you told us earlier that when you were running away from the cursed dog...
you tripped and fell,
and you noticed a smell of rotten onions.
That's right.
Do you think this burning dog has something to do with the smell?
The policeman, what does he have to say,
about the person behind this devil dog?
Tomorrow morning I'll call the coroner
and ask him to thoroughly examine
all the contents of the bog hut.
But I'm afraid they won't catch him, the murderer.
-What? -Why do you say that?
Because we're dealing with someone
who uses black magic to get what he wants!
How do you want a poor plainclothes policeman
to stand up to a monster like that?
Me, all I want is to get out of the house and get some air.
Ma... black magic, really?
Inside the cabin there were many books on black magic.
I want to ask you a question.
When the burning dog has appeared in the garden,
you were all inside the house, right?
I was talking on the phone to arrange Saki's funeral.
I was chatting with some friends about a survival game.
A survival game?
The ones that are so fashionable?
That's right.
I work as an instructor at a camp that is very close to here.
Once a month I do a survival game with some friends.
And I'm sure you know this forest as home.
Yes, I suppose so.
But the Miyuki still knows it better than I do,
because she always went to gather herbs with the Satomi.
How is she, Mrs. Satomi?
She's the same.
She's sleeping now, in her room.
Ah... One question: where are you stopping, Conan and Heiji?
I don't know, I haven't seen them for a long time.
I guess the poor guys have been in a state of shock.
They were convinced that the dog did not exist,
but they've been able to see it with their own eyes.
Ah, they're here.
They are in a state of xoc.
Come on, don't worry, nothing's wrong.
(Makes chanting) In the world very strange things happen,

and there are mysteries that we cannot understand
no matter how hard we try.
What mysteries can't be understood? What is he talking about?
The cursed dog!
You've seen it too, haven't you, Heiji?
The flaming monster!
Father also told us
that it has left a trail of fiery footprints.
That's right.
A trail of fiery footprints.
What you told us earlier about a smell of rotten onions
put us on the trail.
And when the dog disappeared, you said something else, Ran:
that the flames were jumping and making a clack-clack-clack noise.
What? What?
The trail of footprints is always about 20 meters long.
And in the grass there are marks because they've dragged something.
But the most important trick still resists me.
How did you do it, the burning dog?
Yes.
"The killer has taken a dog, wrapped it in flames...
and made it pounce on Tomoaki and burn his arm."
If he has wrapped the animal with a flammable cloth and set it on fire,
we would have found the corpse of a burned dog nearby.
And if he had used a fire extinguisher to put out the fire,
we would have found it near the scene of the incident.
Now suppose she had waited for the dog
and put out the flames in the back of a van.
"It would also have left some trace,
"But there were no tire marks,
and we heard no engine noise."
How could it have disappeared, the dog?
When we went to help in Tomoaki,
if it was still engulfed in flames, by force we should have seen it.
Has the dog disappeared?
No.
It was as if it had been swallowed up by darkness.
Swallowed it? You say the darkness swallowed it?
-Do you want to eat something? -What?
If... do we want to eat something?
I just want to know if you're hungry.
If you want, I can reheat dinner.
Yes, thank you.
I'm starving.
-I'm going to the kitchen. Wait, I want to ask you something.
What comes to your mind when you think of spheres or balls?
Balls?
The killer always leaves spherical things next to the victim.
Do you know if there is any connection between the balls and the Inubushi family?
The only thing I can think of is the surname he had before.
I used to call myself Tamaki, which comes from the character meaning "spherical thing".
When I was little, everyone called me Boleta.
They called you Boleta? Eh!
But that doesn't mean I'm the murderer, eh?
And, on top of that, now there is no one who calls me that anymore.
Do you remember the original last name of the others?
No.
I have no idea, because I am the last daughter to adopt.
Yes, that's true.
Miyuki is much younger than the other children.
Yes, in fact, when I was born, the father was already quite old,
he was almost 60 years old.
The father wanted to call me Chikae,
which comes from taking one of the characters of his name,
but the mother didn't like it and called me Miyuki.
My mother really hated her, the father.
She said that he had seduced her and abandoned her.
And how did you come to this house?
If your birth mother hated her, you must have hated him too.
It's true, I had no intention of coming to this house.
But when my real mother got sick and died,
I got a letter from the father.
A letter?
To ask my forgiveness.
He told me he was very sick
and begged me to come to the house to protect the princess.
The other brothers also received a letter saying something like that.
What princess? Who are you talking about?
The Miyuki is talking about herself,
because one of the characters in her name means "princess".
How do you want me to ask the princess to protect the princess?
At first I didn't understand what that meant either.
But when I arrived,
I realized that he meant mother Satomi.
The service always called her princess,
and when I heard that I knew who he meant.
Why did they call her princess?
From what I was told, the father always called her that.
And she would turn red and tell him to stop, that she was ashamed.
Yes, I understand.
He called her that because this house looks like a castle.
That's true.
I'm sure Mr. Inubushi felt like a king.
My name is usually written with the character meaning "happiness",

but the mother was amused
that I wrote it with the character meaning "princess".
-And so, I changed it. You say you changed your name?
Yes.
My mother told me she wanted us to be like two princesses in fairy tales.
like two fairy-tale princesses living in a castle.
But, now that we're talking about names,
something similar happened to my brothers.
They changed their names too?
(Think) "The murderer is one of the 4 surviving sons."
"Who is hiding behind the mystery of the cursed dog?"
"Who is killing the children of the Inubushi family one by one?"
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
Who found him lying on the ground?
Where do these balls come from? From a prayer bracelet.
What is this?
"8... balls?"
Maybe it was some kind of amulet.
No.
This is no amulet.
-The cursed dog! -He's back!
Don't miss the next episode:
"Inubushi's castle and the cursed dog (The princess)."

