But, now that we're talking about names,
something similar happened to my brothers.
They also changed their names?
I felt that when Shinichi was born,
the birth mother wanted to register a name,
and the father forced her to change it at the last moment.
At the last moment? Yes, she wanted to call him Hitoshi.
And that the name should be spelled with the character "jin".
Why did he change it?
I remember that Shinichi told me that the father thought
that Hitoshi was too simple a name, and he had it changed.
In fact, Hitoshi writes with a character that has few strokes.
And also...
I felt that if Takako had been a boy she would have been called Kouki,
with the characters meaning "thought" and "station".
If the Yoshiya had been a girl, they would have called her Yuka,
with the character "yu" and the character meaning "flower".
And if in Tomoaki it had been a girl, she would have been called Chiharu,
with the characters for "knowledge" and "spring".
And all these names were chosen by Mr. Inubushi?
That's right.
And in Keiji, the Miwako and Saki told me the same story.
It seems that behind these names hides a secret.
Yes. Tell me something.
Do you think the murderer is one of the adopted sons,
who is hiding behind the cursed dog
to eliminate the lineage of the Inubushi?
This, though we don't know for sure.
But we do know that he is using the story of the dog
to commit the murders.
And we think we already know how it works, the cursed dog trick.
What's this?
Looks like a cloth.
We found it in the grass,
near the place where the dog attacked in Tomoaki.
It's not burned at all, and it doesn't smell like flammable liquid either,
but the killer used it for something.
If this piece of cloth is an important piece of evidence,
it seems to me that he should take it to the police immediately.
Ah.
Hello, Takako.
Yes, that's right, you took the words right out of my mouth.
And another thing, Miyuki.
You know you left the kettle on the stove?
Ouch!
I'm sorry!
I wanted to warn you and I got distracted.
All right, I think we can go to dinner now.
Come on, let's go.
But then, I want to talk to the children who have stayed in the house
so they can explain to me what they have done.
(Shinichi voice) "At the moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"In the third part of the cursed dog series,
the mystery is finally solved."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
In Tsunechika Inubushi, the patriarch of the Inubushi family,
died 5 years ago.
"His wife, the Satomi, is very sick."
"When he dies, his 8 adopted children...
will inherit his vast fortune."
"But the children have begun to die under strange circumstances.
"It seems that a cursed dog surrounded by flames...
attacks the family members."
"Finally, we have seen the cursed dog with our own eyes."
"Who is behind the flaming monster attacking humans?"
"Who is the killer hiding behind the cursed dog?"
"Inubushi Castle and the cursed dog (The Princess)."
Look, Ran, would you know how to solve the riddle?
Let's see...
"Put on your glasses and, before you answer, think about it very carefully".
What's this I see?
It's a quiz show that was on TV last night.
It's super interesting.
Go to sleep.
It's already half past one.
The guest room is ready.
I know, but the damned dog's hanging around outside.
We're too afraid to get into llit. Nonsense!
Can you solve this riddle?
If you solve it, I'm going to bed.
No, let Conan solve it.
He wears glasses.
Very easy: change the character "me" for the character "ne".

-And where it said "glasses", now it says... The... the cat in the attic!
I get it!
Where it says "glasses"...
...you change the character and read it again.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now I can see it clearly."
(Thinking) "We've already figured out the trick of the cursed dog."
"And we already know who the murderer is." "It can only be that person."
(Woman) What?
The mother?!
-Who found him lying on the floor?! -Yes. - (Woman) Yes.
Looks like she wanted to get off and fell.
(Heiji) Understood.
Takako heard a strange noise in the corridor,
entered the room and found Satomi lying on the floor.
Yes.
I had gone to the bathroom for a moment.
I don't understand what happened.
Where did these balls come from? From a prayer bracelet.
Oh.
Tears!
Hey, what are you doing?!
(Think) "He's got a piece of bracelet with 8 balls on it."
"The fourth ball from the right is black and smaller."
(Shinichi, think) "8 balls?"
"The dog? I get it!" "It's that story!"
"This means the Satomi knew!"
"She knew which one of her children has killed the other 4."
Do you feel me, Kazuha?
Kazuha, wake up!
Hey, what do you want?
Please, can you accompany me to the bathroom?
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Geez!
Can't you go alone?
I don't need an escort!
But the damn dog didn't attack you, he attacked me!
If he shows up at the house again, I'm sure you'll be afraid too.
What's wrong, Mr. Mouri?
Can't you sleep either?
Sure, you're awake..., because you've seen the dog too!
Yes, I suppose so.
But Conan and Heiji sleep like a log.
They can't even be woken up by a bombardment!
Yes, I know that.
Earlier they said they already know who the murderer is.
What?!
Do they already know who the killer is?
And do they know if it's one of the 4 adopted children who are still alive?
Yes, they do.
But they haven't told us who it is.
They have found the answer after reviewing the names of the 4 survivors.
the names of the 4 survivors.
The names of the children?
Before, the Miyuki was called Tamaki.
If the Takako had been a boy, he would have been called Kouki,
with the characters meaning "thought" and "station".
If the Yoshiya had been a girl, she would have been called Yuka,
with the characters "yu" and flower.
And in Tomoaki it would be Chiharu,
with the characters "knowledge" and "spring".
And finally, Shinichi, the brother who died in Tokyo,
should say Hitoshi, written with the kanji character "jin".
All of this..., all of this has to do,
with the prayer bracelet that the Satomi had in her hand?
What prayer bracelet?
It looks like she got out of bed and picked up a bracelet
she had on the chest of drawers.
The string was broken, and in her hand she had only 8 balls.
-8 balls? -Maybe it was some kind of amulet.
But do you know of any amulet that uses 8 balls?
No.
This is no amulet.
It's a novel.
A novel? 8 balls and a cursed dog.
After hearing the names of the children, I have no doubt.
The epic novel "The Chronicles of the 8 Dogs"!
(Both) Ah!
What chronicles?
(Both) What?
What is this?
And this novel will help us solve the crimes?
Ha-ha!
Don't you know it?
It is the great epic novel by Bakin Takizawa,
and he wrote it during the Edo period.
In the midst of battle,
in Yoshizane Satomi makes a promise to his dog Yatsufusa:
"Bring me the head of the enemy,
and my daughter, Princess Fuse, will be yours."
In Yatsufusa he goes to the enemy camp,
and returns with the head of his general.
Princess Fuse says to her father:
"The lord of the castle always keeps his word."
And he goes to the mountains with the dog.
And here ends the first part of the story.
But... what about... the dog?
I'm sure it was malleït.
Yes, that's right!
In Yoshizane had become the lord of the castle
after killing a usurper.
"The usurper's wife was named Tamazusa,
"And when they were about to cut off his head, she said these words:
'I am going to die, but my spirit will remain in the castle....
and will curse all future generations of the Satomi family.'"

You mean the dog was cursed by a woman named Tamazusa?
Yes.
It was cursed in Yatsufusa,
but the princess read a sutra to him
and the curse was lifted.
And then?
What happened to the princess and the dog?
In Yoshizane ordered his vassals
to kill the dog and rescue his daughter.
"But Princess Fuse died to protect the animal's life."
"Then, the eight large ones on the necklace she wore...
shot up into the sky."
"Each bean landed in the hands of a warrior
with the word 'dog' in the surname.
The rest are his adventures.
And this is "The Chronicle of the 8 Dogs."
Eh?
And what does all this have to do with the names of the children?
To each of the big 8 on the necklace corresponded a kanji character.
"Jin, gi, king, chi, chu, shin, kou, tei."
These are the kanji characters you see here.
But these...kanji characters are not the name of the head of the sons.
Shinichi was called Hitoshi, written with the character "jin",
but it was too simple and his father changed it.
He didn't change it because of that.
He did it because he didn't like it.
If we take the person radical
and the two horizontal lines of the "ichi" character,
we get the kanji character "jin".
Yes, it is true.
Esclar!
He took parts of the kanji characters
and inserted them into his children's names.
With Takako, he took the upper radical of "kou"...
and combined it with the kanji character "ko".
If it had been a boy, the name Kouki has the same kanji characters.
Then, with in Yoshiya he took the radical...
and the last stroke of the kanji character "ya", which gives "king"!
With en Tomoaki, he removed a part of the characters...
and turned them into the kanji character "chi".
With en Keiji, the kanji character is "chu".
With Miwako, "gi".
With Saki "shin".
There is in Tsunechika the character "tei".
Of course, and the Satomi corresponds to "princess",
because by combining the bottom of the first character with the second,
you get this.
That's right!
Mr. Inubushi read "The Chronicle of the 8 dogs",
and inserted the 8 kanji characters the names of his children.
Ah, but the Miyuki is still missing.
Who should it be, su?
A while ago, Miyuki told us...
that before she changed her last name she was called Tamaki.
This means that the case is already solved.
If we draw a horizontal stroke on the last character of the name Miyuki
and combine it with the name she had before..., Tamazusa!
The name of the spirit that cursed the Satomi family.
- (tote two) What?! - It can't be!
The Miyuki is the person who controls the cursed dog
that kills the members of the Inubushi family?
The Miyuki is the person who controls the cursed dog
that kills the members of the Inubushi family?
Yes.
I think she is convinced that she is the reincarnation of the Tamazusa,
and every time it kills it leaves a spherical object as proof.
I can't believe it! Miyuki is a good person!
Just because she's a good person doesn't mean she can't also be a murderer.
No!
She can't be! Heiji!
Heiji, say it's not true!
Miyuki is innocent, isn't she?
Wow!
She's not!
And neither is Conan! Oh, you're right!
Hey.
Miyuki, didn't she say she wanted to do something tonight?
Yes, she said she wanted to go watch Satomi in her room.
Exactly, and she wanted to tell her not to get out of bed again.
What?
That Miyuki has disappeared?
I thought she must have been very tired,
and when I came to relieve her I found this letter.
A letter?
"I want to pay for the crimes I have committed
in the hut where I raised the cursed dog.
Miyuki."
No, please! It can't be Miyuki!
The Miyuki!
-It's her! -I can't get over my astonishment.
Oh!
I think... it's Miyuki's bike!
You're right.
I think it's leaking gas.
So what?
Who wants to go check it out?
-I'm sorry, I don't. -I'm not going.
Go to him yourself, Mr. Detective.
If Heiji were here, I'm sure it would already be in the cabin.
And so much.
But where did he go, to Conan?
(Both) Ah!
-The cursed dog! -He's back!
-He went to the hut! -If he touches the gasoline, everything will explode!
Conan, no! Run!
Run away!

(Both) Aaah!
(Both) What?!
(Both) Oh...
Hey, don't be afraid.
It's all right.
But... there's no fire! But it glows with a red light.
And this kind of rags he's wearing, does anyone know what they are?
-Virtual flames. Huh?
Heiji!
Virtual flames?
The contest I was watching on the cell phone
there were also virtual flames.
"It's an effect that is achieved with a red led lamp
and a very thin, shiny fabric that flutters in the air."
With the dog, they've done the same thing.
When he runs, these rags on him flap in the wind.
The red led lamp that is attached to the cloth makes it look as if he is surrounded by the wind.
makes it look like it is surrounded by flames.
When the led is turned off with a remote control,
it is as if the dog has disappeared.
But the fire traces, how do you count them?
Look closely: the killer has taken some lighters,
he has manipulated them so that the gas comes out
and there is a fishing line tied to them.
So, that smell that I noticed before, when I fell down, was the smell of gas from the lighters?
was the smell of gas from the lighters?
That's right.
In origin, the gas is odorless,
and to avoid intoxication they put the smell of rotten onions.
When the dog attacked you in the Inubushi's garden...
"...you tripped and fell,
and the lighter got stuck in the grass."
"Therefore, the footprints have disappeared at this point."
But gas can only ignite if there is fire.
And that's why the dog carries a small charcoal brazier attached to its tail.
The flames coming out as this touches the lighter gas.
I'm sure this dog doesn't want to attack people.
All he's doing is following the trail of lighters
that the killer leaves in the grass.
But before, when he attacked us in the garden of the house,
we didn't find any lighters or anything.
The killer trained the dog
to come back with the fishing line in his mouth.
That's why it seemed to him that the footprints made little jumps
and you felt that peculiar noise.
When the dog runs with the fishing line in its mouth,
it drags the lighters through the grass.
"And because the ground is uneven,
they collide and make this 'clack-clack' that you felt."
But when the dog has attacked on Tomoaki,
it gave him a burn on his arm.
How do you explain this? Yes, that is true.
But this burn on his arm was self-inflicted.
He did it to convince us that those flames were real.
So, the murderer is in Tomoaki?
But the dog jumped on her and attacked her!
The only thing he did, this dog,
is to show that it is very happy to see its owner.
"While we were in the hut,
he pulled out the string with the lighters and placed it in the grass."
"The dog was hiding in another hut,
and called it with the silent whistle."
"Then it started to run as if it was chasing him,
and lay down on the ground in a place where we couldn't see him."
"He has turned off the dog's light, and turned on the sleeve of his robe."
Then he left the onion on the floor
to camouflage the smell that Kazuha smelled.
Then, the letter that Miyuki left behind...
where she says she wants to pay for all the crimes she committed...?
I'm sure it was written by Tomoaki himself,
to make it look like Miyuki is the murderer.
But where is she now, Miyuki?
He has made her come to the cabin and drugged her,
and we have taken her to a safe place.
In Tomoaki has made an excuse and made him come all the way here.
"She must have told him that she lost some medicine from the Satomi
when the dog attacked her,
and asked him to help her look for it."
-What?
Are you spying on me? -Exactly.
We followed him when he left the house and we saw everything.
He drugged Miyuki and then took her to the cabin.
He wanted to make it look as if she had committed suicide
by burning herself alive with the cursed dog.
No..., I didn't...
Denying it won't do her any good. (Dog: squeaks)
The best thing you can do is to confess everything.
Dogs are very smart, and they never forget them, their owners.
And Mrs. Satomi knows it was you.
What?
Before, she needed an alibi...
and you told us that you didn't move from your bed.
But... you lied to us.
Satomi had eight balls in her hand..,
and the fourth ball from the right was black.
"In the series 'Jin, Gi, Rey, Chi, Chu, Shin, Kou, Tei,'

the fourth ball corresponds to Chi, who is you, the perpetrator of the crimes."
"With her tears,
"Mrs. Satomi wanted to prove to him that she knew everything,
in the hope that he would confess and turn himself in to the police."
Because I didn't want him to commit another crime again.
I did everything I did
because I didn't want to give up the Inubushi castle!
But the taxes we had to pay were too high.
That's why I wanted a bigger share of the inheritance!
I couldn't give up this house full of memories of the Satomi,
who had treated me better than my own mother.
I could not lose this castle, the castle of Inubushi!
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
I've done it again, I'm a crack!
In Tomoaki has confessed everything during the interrogation.
He said that he killed his 4 brothers
because they didn't want to keep the castle.
Yes, but Shinichi had given up his share of the inheritance.
He wanted to make it look like he had killed them to Tamazusa
and it wasn't an inheritance dispute.
I think he was convinced
that the Miyuki was the reincarnation of the Tamazusa,
who had come to destroy the castle.
The Satomi had the attack
while gathering herbs in the forest with the Miyuki.
Oh, how sad!
But now I will protect this castle.
-Miyuki! -Just like the mother.
I am also the princess of this castle!
-Woman, just like the mother, such a No. -You are an unpolished princess.
And you guys are rude.
Oysters!
(Shinichi, think) "No, you're both the same."
"Because if I combine the characters of the surname Inubushi.
"And the characters of your first names....,
"It comes out 'Princess Fuse'."
It feels like a piano.
It's a work by Johann Sebastian Bach, "Aria on the G string."
Aaah!
We have a problem!
The culprit is still in the house.
-We have to get out of here at once, but we should rescue the child.
Listen to me, all of you: do not separate from me at all!
If we get separated, we'll end up like that child.
"Don't miss the next episode:
"The secret is the diary (Part One)"."

