"The whole gang of us have gone to collect bamboo shoots with Dr. Agasa," he said,
"But his car broke down
and we had to stay alone on the mountain."
"As it was raining,
we went to a housing estate to take shelter in a house."
"They were all closed,
but in one we heard someone playing the piano and we went inside."
"The house was empty, but we could see the remains of food."
"In addition, we found a diary that told some strange things."
"Apparently, someone had kidnapped a child...
"And had locked her in that house,
"But because the boy had discovered who he was..,
the kidnapper had decided to kill him."
"We have to find the child right away."
"Suddenly the house went dark,
and we heard the piano music again."
"How awful! The kidnapper is still in the house."
"The moment you decide what you want to be in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"After we solve the mystery of the diary,
we will know the identity of the genius pianist."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"

Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"The secret is the diary (part two)."
Oh, by the way: look what a picture I found on the ground.
What?
(Piano, in the background: "Aria", by J. S. Bach)
It's of a family.
It must be a family of musicians.
Here's a date: the photo is from a year ago.
Hey, one thing: what if this girl in the photo was the kidnapped one?
No, Genta.
We said that what was kidnapped was a child.
This man in the photo must be the owner of the house,
but it could also be this kidnapper we're looking for.
-You mean it could be him? -Oh, no!

(He thinks) "The key to the case must be hidden in this diary."
"April 20.
After talking to him, I see that he is a very nice boy.
He is very eager to laugh and play,
but I don't know if he is very aware of the situation
in which he finds himself at the moment.
All I know is that this child seems to have always been quite oppressed.
Patience, there are only two days left, now.
April 22nd.
A cloudy day ago.
Bach, Mozart, Chopin, Beethoven?
they all have melodies that touch my heart.
How I envy the great genius born in the same era!
It is not a suitable piece to play in these circumstances,
but at least it allows the time to pass.
Only one day to go.
Please let it be quiet.
April 23rd.
It's raining today.
That's a bad sign.
Looks like the boy knows who I really am.
What a danger!
If he were to make my name public, it would ruin my whole future.
I'm sorry, but I have no choice but to kill him.
(Think) "And the last thing written in the diary is:
"April 24. It rains. I'm so sorry, little one. Forgive me."
"The first thing I find strange
is that on April 21 there is nothing written."
"To the entry for April 20, it says there are only two days left."
"And, on the other hand, to the entry for the 22nd it says there is still one day to go."
"Reading this, it is as if the 21st had never existed."
"And the last entry, the one for April 24, is also strange."
"Surely, the red stain is from the wine on the table,
but the pages were dry and stuck together."
"This means that someone wrote this
at least an hour before we found the diary."
"Then why does it say it's raining?"
"When we got here and found the diary,
it had been raining for less than an hour."
"Also, the stain is curious, too. It looks like there are two, in fact."
"It's as if it got wet first,

I would have dried and it would have gotten wet again."
"This is really weird."
"These staples are weird too."
"They look a little crooked."
"And the holes are a little too big."
"Also, there are two pages that stick out more than the others."
(Piano, background: "Aria," by J. S. Bach)

"On this page you can see the marks
of something written on another page."

Oh!

Hey, Conan...
Tell us why you're rubbing the pencil lead
over this blank page.
-That's...-...from Monster Getter III.
It's a map.
Go on, explain.
Although I don't have proof and therefore can't say for sure,
but if we go to the piano room,
we can solve this mystery.

(Genta) There is no one there.

Now it is clear that the music we felt came from a CD.
Ten to go with batteries, so that, when the light has gone out,
it continued to play.
-Oh!
The backpacks! -Oh!
Our backpacks were here and someone took them.
-Oysters! -It's true.
What are you waiting for, Conan?
And your deductions?
You said before that we'd find evidence here.
Yes, that's what I thought,
but now I'm quite disoriented.
Maybe it turns out... that everything is even more serious.
-Hey, Conan... -What are you doing sitting here?
Are you going to play the piano, as it is?
The stool isn't suited to you.
It was fine for me, when I sat down.
What's that?
It seems to me that, to raise and lower the stool,
you have to turn this wheel that's next to it.
Ah, gee!
Hey, listen, do you think that piano player is dangerous?
Yes, it's a very dangerous genius,
to the point that someone would have wanted him not to be born.
He's a most dangerous genius?
And he is the person we are up against in this case?
More or less.
(Thinking) "Yes, this height of the bench is the good one."
Come on, Ayumi, play the piano, we'll all sing a song.
What? But let's make it a happy song, huh?
Come on, let's cheer up.
(Trona)
And... now!
A cat has passed by, a cat has passed by,
and into the cat flap he went.
The cat has escaped, the cat has escaped.
I don't know where it's gone, where it's hiding.
Oh, man, this cat has already escaped.
Evil cat!
Evil cat!
Who would have peeled you!
Now we can stop playing cat and mouse.
Can't we?
Don't be afraid.
We're your friends and we mean no harm.
-Huh? -Oh!
It's him!
Conan already knew that we would find him.
So, it's true that there was a boy.
Well!
At last the light is back!
Come on, you can start explaining everything.
To begin with, tell us your name and age.
Go on, speak.
My name is Keita Onoda and I'm 7 years old.
Seven years old?
So, you must go to first grade.
Yes.
I go to 1st C at Haido Elementary School.
So, you go to the same grade as us.
But, let's see, I don't understand how you guessed I was a boy, Conan.
The diary talked about Bach, Mozart, Chopin and Beethoven.
And after calling them he said:
"They all have melodies that touch my heart.
How I envy the great genius born in the same era!"
Chopin was born 60 years after Bach's death.
Therefore, none of them could be the genius born at the same time.
That didn't solve the mystery,
but when I saw the photo that Ayumi found,
I had a flash and understood what he was talking about.
The kidnapped man must have been a brilliant pianist
the same age as the girl in the photo.
Isn't that right?
Surely the man kidnapped the child
and locked it in his house so that his daughter,
who was due to enter Beckham's international music competition,
at the end of April, he could win.
Does this mean that this is the kidnapper's house?
Yes, because the photo is taken in the same room where we are now.
The diary makes me suspect it is,
but confirm to us if the man who abducted you
is the father of the girl in the photo.
Yes, he is Chiaki's father.
I had never seen him before,
but I knew him because Chiaki had shown me a photo.
But you are mistaken.
I am not kidnapped here.

Chiaki's father saved me.
I had been preparing for the contest for a long time,
but, as the day was approaching,
I had to study the piano more and I didn't have time to play or anything.
You say that because here you could do whatever you wanted without being scolded,
like leaving leftover food,
running around with a wheelbarrow in the hallway and playing video games all day?
It's a lot of fun, running up and down the hall with the wheelbarrow.
Wow!
So, that tall person I've seen...
...was Keita,
who had climbed up on the handle of the wheelbarrow to get a better look at us.
Sure enough!
The kitchen table was full of leftover food,
because the man who came to take tea away every day
stopped coming and you were hungry, weren't you?
Yes, I ate bread with the ham and chicken from the fridge,
because I don't know how to cook anything.
But instead, this room is clean and tidy.
I imagine that's because your parents taught you
that rooms where music is played must be respected.
Yes, mom taught me...
that in the piano room lives the god of music.
Ah, that's why you put the stool back to its original height,
after playing?
Yes.
And when it's in the system, I didn't remember to set it right.
Now I understand.
That's what you didn't get right.
You were sure the pianist was a child,
but the stool was set at the height of an older person.
Yes, because I didn't know you could adjust the height of the stool.
Yes, but the kidnapper has fled or not?
In the diary the kidnapper wrote that he had no choice but to kill him
so that the child knew him, and the next day he wrote:
"I'm sorry. Forgive me.
It is true that, if he had written it the day after saying...
that he had no choice but to kill him,
it would mean that he had done it,
but it turns out that he didn't write it the next day.
...so that the pages are out of order.
They are out of order because, when Keita ran out of paper,
he drew a treasure map here and took the page out.
What?
Isn't it true that there are two pages that come out a little more than the others?
Oh!
That's right.
This is proof that they are switched around.
Can you explain it to us?
This notebook
is one of those that are bound with staples in the middle.
If all the pages were the same size,
when the notebook was closed,
the pages in the middle would be longer than those at the ends.
When the notebook is stapled,
they cut the pages here so that there are no pages sticking out.
That's why the pages at the beginning and at the end are always a little longer than the pages at the end.
are always a little longer than the middle ones.
And that's why, if you unzip the notebook...
and you put an end page in the middle, it comes out a little bit longer.
Also, if you look at this notebook
in this notebook the staples are a little bit crooked.
That's because he opened them,
moved the pages around and then closed them again,
but they were not straight.
The page where Keita drew the map was the one to the right of the one
the one to the right of the April 24 page,
which is the one stained with wine.
And behind the page of April 24
there should be what he wrote on April 23.
But as in Keita took the page out, the next day,
when the kidnapper would have written,
he would surely have realized that the page of the 23rd was missing.
That is why he placed the page of April 21 behind the page of April 23,
and added two dashes in the number 1 to make it look like a 4.
Then he poured wine over the page to make it look like the other one.
I get it:
if in fact the page of 24 is the page of 21,
what is written on the back
must be the one he wrote on April 20.
What we thought he had written on the 23rd,
which said "I have no choice but to kill him",
he actually wrote it on April 20.
Yes, that is to say,
that on April 20th he wrote "I have no choice but to kill him",
and the next day he wrote "after talking to him,
I see that he is a very nice boy.
Then comes when he talks about Bach and Mozart, on April 22.

Then would come page 23, which is missing.
And on the last page, page 24, it reads:
"I'm so sorry, little one. Forgive me.
We don't know what he said on the missing page, the one on the 23rd,
but, if he wrote that he was sorry for what he had done,
we would have to start by saying that he had no choice but to kill you,
but then he changed his mind
and in the end he left you here and disappeared.
Hey, what a good idea you had, to take out the page!
Yes, you could have torn it out.
If I had torn it out, he would have noticed.
My older brother, who in high school,
taught me how to turn the pages.
"Since I had to write a lot of pages of notes for homework,
"He told me that I could cheat by taking pages out of a notebook
that was already full and put them in the new one."
Keita, do you still keep the page you took out?
Yes.
"I can't. It's clear to me now that I'm not capable.
Deep down, he just wants the same thing I want: to be a good musician.
The only thing I deserve for having thought of killing him is to kill me.
Hey, did this man tell you where he was thinking of going?
No, he just told me that mom would be coming to pick me up soon...
and not to let anyone in the house.
After that I never saw him again.
Come to think of it,
that picture was in a puddle of hot water in the hallway.
The bathtub!
Oh!
This hot water is coming from under the door!
I'm sure the man has slashed his wrists
and put his arm in hot water to kill himself.
He did it so that the blood would not clot and he would bleed to death.
He probably had the photo in his hand and it slipped out.
It is closed.
"We won't be able to open it, with the strength of some children."
Besides, this corridor is too narrow...
to make the high-intensity sneakers work.
"And since the floor is so springy, they'd slip."
"Come on, let's go."
What are you doing now, Conan?
Why are you making crosses on the walls?
Go fetch me the slippers at the entrance, go on.
Hurry up!
And now, everybody out of the way, come on.
Let's go, let's go!
-Oysters, you! -Oh!
The whole floor is full of water!
"He has lost consciousness but is still breathing."
"The cut is not very deep and so he hasn't lost much blood."
"If they arrive at once, perhaps he will be saved."
"The towel is due to fall over the drain and act as a stopper."
"That's why the water ran out into the hallway."
Hey, bring me that longer bottle of shaving foam...
next to the sink.
Yeah, now.
I put a tourniquet on his arm so he doesn't lose any more blood.
Now we should get him to the hospital right away,
but I don't know how we're going to do that without an adult.
Don't worry.
I myself will take this man to the hospital right away.
-Doctor! -What luck!
How did you guess that we were inside the house?
Because you left the backpacks in front of the street door.
At the street door?
I left them to see if it would make you leave.
Besides, when I was on the mountain road,
I picked up a lady who had run out of gas,
and she explained some very interesting things to me.
Ke-Keita!
Mom!
Keita!
What a joy!
But you are well?
Yes, I'm very well.
Since the day Chiaki's father saved me,
I've been able to do a lot of things I've always wanted to do.
It's been so much fun!
-Don't be mistaken, Keita. What?
It's not true, that that man saved you from anything.
(Mother) No, I think maybe he did, that he saved Keita.
It had been a long time since I had seen my son with that smile on his face.
Maybe he needed someone to save him from the pressure of having to study so much,
which made him bitter.
And that pressure was imposed on him by myself, his own mother.
(Conan) Conan, do you know how it ended, the case of the kidnapper?
Yes, it is seen that, when they gave him the discharge,
he went to the police station to confess.
As he even had the box of the dead ready
to bury in Keita,
he had a hard time making them believe he didn't want to kill him.
But Keita's mother also went to the police station and asked that, at the very least, Keita's mother should be allowed to confess.
and asked that, at the very least, the case be made public.

Another point in the man's favor is that he sent a letter to Keita's mother
Keita's mother to pick her up.
I am very worried about the little piano girl in the photo, Chiaki.
Yes, because knowing that your father is a criminal?
I've been told that they won't explain anything about it to her until she grows up.
Besides, it seems that her parents divorced half a year ago.
By the way, do you know if Chiaki won that music contest?
No, I have no idea how she did.
Hey, are you going to win the contest in the end, Chiaki?
(Girl) No.
I talked to mom and we decided that I wouldn't enter,
because, when you disappeared, I was so sad and so worried,
I couldn't study or think about the contest.
Wow!
I had a surprise,
when they told me that you were in there and that you were having such a good time.
Besides, after that, my mother treats me much better.
She no longer keeps me behind me all day to study.
The less they tell me to study, the more I want to.
Don't you?
Yes.
Hey, someday we could play a piece together;
for example, Mozart's sonata for two pianos.
Oh, I'd love to!
I'd love to!
Parents don't understand their children's hearts.
I would like to know why in the house he always played the same song.
He says he felt the piece to the video of his brother's graduation.
It seems that there, every time the aria on the G string was played, the graduating seniors would come out one by one,
the graduating class would leave the stage one by one.
You would think that, if he played it for us, we would leave the same way,
we would leave the same way.
(He thinks) "Or maybe....
"...maybe he was also doing it
because he didn't feel the pressure of having to be a genius."
"Poor little geniuses!"
That next weekend you're going to England?
I want to go to so many places I don't know if I'll have enough time!
"In Shinichi I'd be as excited as Conan, if he were here."
"This is..."
Yes.
If there has to be a death in front of every child you've talked to.....
You're talking about a massacre? Here, in London?
Don't miss the next episode:
"Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse: Holmes' Disciple!"

