Wow, I failed again!
It's obvious that I'm out of luck today.
That's enough!
No one can eat the flavored ice cream like this.
Between one and the other...!
If you want to read the newspaper, why don't you go home?
Mm?
Ah!
What a good face it makes, this strawberry!
If you have to leave it, I'll eat it myself.
Ah!
And what else?!
I was saving it for last, as I always do!
It should be shared, donut.
Ah!
No, no way!
Ay, ay, ay, ay...! Oh! (Laughs)
"Yes. It all started with that strawberry."
"But then I couldn't even imagine what would happen."
"I didn't know it would be the beginning
of one of the most bittersweet cases I remember."
(Shinichi voice) "The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"We go on a trip and experience a memorable case in London!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"The Book of the Apocalypse of Holmes (The Disciple of Holmes)."
No!
I was looking forward to eating it!
Eh? What... what is it doing here, this cat?
Since when do they eat strawberries?
I'd say he's just playing, right?
-Where did you come from? - (cat: meows)
Ay, ay, ay...!
-Coi de...! - (door: bell)
(Woman: speaking in English)
Look, he's thanking you.
(Ran: speaking in English)
Eh...? What?
I don't know what he said, now.
I don't know... He speaks so fast that I can't understand him.
(Conan: speaks in English)
Does this nano really know English? I can see that he does.
(Agasa) What do you say?
Are you going to England at the weekend?
One moment, you don't have classes at school?
(Go Shinichi) No: the anniversary of the school and institute Teitan
coincides with the weekend,
and they party 4 days in a row.
"La Ran and Mr. Mouri were jumping for joy."
"Also, the cat's owner, Mrs. Diana,
she is incredibly rich."
She says she's paying for our trip and hotel.
We don't have to spend a yen! Well, you must be very happy!
You've always wanted to go, you, in London.
Of course I have!
My father took me to various places abroad,
but I haven't been to London yet!
First of all I intend to go to Baker Street.
"And then to Hyde Park, where they walked in Holmes and Watson!"
"And naturally I'll visit the British Museum,
where Holmes went to document himself!"
If I have time, I also want to go to Dartmoor,
which is the place where "The Hound of the Baskervilles" takes place.
And to the Reichenbach Falls, of course,
where Holmes and his enemy Moriarty fall in!
Alas!
I want to go to so many places that I don't know if I'll have enough time!
-Wait a minute... -Huh?
You have it under control, the issue... of the passport?
Ah... Aaah!
Gee, no, I didn't think! Well, think about it.
I remind you, kid,
Conan Edogawa is Shinichi Kudo shrunk!
He's an individual who doesn't really exist.
And someone who doesn't exist can't just travel abroad.
Yes, you're absolutely right...
Come on, please, Dr. Agasa!
Couldn't you do anything?
Forge my passport, maybe?
Have you gone mad?!
It's illegal, that!
How strong!
I have a chance to go to Holmes' paradise
and I have to stay in Japan?!
Tell me it's not true... What a rage!
There is only one way you can go.
Which way?
Now, you have to follow the instructions to the letter.
Do you understand me? Aaa...?
It's unbelievable!
I didn't know he went so wide, in first class!
She must have left a lot of money, that woman.
It's a pity, therefore, that Conan can't come with us.
Yes.

At the last minute he had an emergency and couldn't make it in time.
It doesn't matter, the point is that he will be able to come...
on the next flight with Dr. Agasa.
And Mrs. Diana is even paying for the doctor's flight,
imagine how generous she is!
The souvenirs you buy, but, she won't pay you.
So don't spend too much, eh? How?
I'm sure you'll end up buying a lot of things for her,
from that detective who's a Holmes fan.
I-I'm not going to buy him the whole store!
Well, I guess he would have preferred to go in person.
(He thinks) "I'm sure he would."
"I wish Shinichi could have come, too..."
Atxim!
Isn't the air conditioning on this plane too loud?
Shinichi, try not to draw too much attention to yourself.
If the Ran and her father find out that we're on the same flight,
just imagine...
Don't suffer, man.
They're in first class.
They won't set foot here.
We have Ay to thank for this;
we're here thanks to her.
It was her idea,
to use the antidote to turn back into Shinichi
to get through the security checkpoints.
Yes, and I am very grateful to her.
Well, I'm going to give you two pills, one to go and one to come back.
The effects last approximately 24 hours.
When you take them, you must calculate the time necessary...
for your body to return to its normal state after the checkups.
Are you sure?
I can't feel you, let the doctor take me?
No.
While you are away,
I'll sleep over at Yoshida's house.
Thank you very much.
I guess you are aware, but remember,
if you take them too often, the effects last less time,
and you run the risk of never being able to return to your country again.
"I know..."
Conan and the doctor don't go out....
Well, the plane is long overdue.
Ran! Ah!
Co... Conan! Can you tell me when it left?!
Just now.
You didn't notice?
(Shinichi, thinks) "The effects have lasted longer than expected
and I had to spend half an hour locked in the bathroom."
What do we do now?
We're not meeting that woman at the hotel for a drink
with that woman at the hotel.
-We have a stonet. What if we do a little sightseeing?
Where do you want to go, Conan? Don't even ask me!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow!"
"I expected nothing less, from the Sherlock Holmes museum!"
(Conan's voice) What a treat!
(Speaking in English)
Ha-ha!
Hooray!
(Think) "I'm sure Shinichi would be as excited as Conan,
if he were here."
"He sent me a message telling me that there's no need for me to buy him anything."
"But I plan to fill it with souvenirs!"
"You know what? I'll make him a surprise!"
(Mobile: vibrates) Oh!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ah, it's Shinichi's cell phone."
"Who is it? Eh? Ouch!"
"La Ran?!"
Hello, Shinichi? (Shinichi voice) "Ah, hello, Ran."
Guess where I'm calling you from!
From 221-B Baker Street!
(Shinichi voice) That's right!
Yes, the message already told me you were going to London.
"Gee, I see you're not looking forward to it."
No need to hide you, if you're envious.
"Oh, sorry. It's just that I was concentrating and..."
By the way, is there any special place that you want to have a photograph?
"It's just that I don't understand much..."
(Shinichi voice) No, woman, I told you that there is no....
(Think) "Because I already am." (Both) Eh?
We'll-we'll talk later!
Pendo, eh?!
What... what are you hanging up?!
May I know what you're fucking?!
Donkey, donkey, more than a donkey!
(Speaks in English)
What the fuck are you doing?! Forgive me...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Bad business. I seem to have made him angry..."
What do you mean?
You're leaving the museum, Conan?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
In fact, I've already seen everything.
And the store is in the building next door.
Well, although, if Holmes were really here,
I assure you I would stay for days and days.
(Speaking in English)
Leave me alone!
Unpleasant!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Speak Japanese?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Do you speak Japanese? What?
You know Japanese?
Yes, I lived in Japan for a while.
The thing you were talking about just now,
can you explain it to me?

And why do I have to tell you, if you have nothing to do with it?
Because I am the disciple of Sherlock Holmes, you know, Glass?
How... how do you know my name?
That we've met before, you and I?
It's a simple deduction.
Your face is dirty with a kind of powder and a white substance.
That's the cream and sugar you usually put on strawberries, isn't it?
Since the container you're carrying contains lime, cucumber and mint,
it must be the drink called Pimm s.
And since you are a child,
they must have replaced the alcohol with lemonade.
Yes, I asked the vendor.
"A place that serves strawberries and Pimm s while you watch a game."
"Evidently, it's the Wimbledon tennis tournament."
Today is the women's singles semifinal.
The first match was at one o'clock and now it's past two,
so your sister has to play the second match.
"One of the two players is Hail Wang,
who is from a Chinese family."
But you don't look Asian.
Therefore, it is your rival,
the one who has won the Wimbledon tournament 4 years in a row.
"In addition to being the first in the world ranking:
Queen of the Court."
"Your sister must be the Minerva Glass!"
Also, in your shirt pocket...
...I saw that you had a pass for the VIP lounge at Wimbledon.
Ge... great!
So..., it's true, you are a disciple of Holmes!
Do you trust me, now, to tell me about before?
And... and so much!
After noon, I was on court number 15 eating strawberries...
and watching how the last players were training.
Well!
(Speaking in English)
And... did you see his face?! No!
The cap covered most of it and I couldn't describe it to you.
Ah, but... he gave me a strange piece of paper.
(Speaks in English)
He said that and went I don't know where.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This is...!"
I guess you know English, don't you? Yes...
It looks like some kind of poem... But I don't quite understand what it means.
(Man: speaks in English)
Who is he?
El Ares, my sister's former coach.
He used to be a very good tennis player!
Since he coached her for a long time, he made friends with her mother,
and now he's helping us with a lot of things!
La Minerva is busy with travel,
and my mother is blind.
Ah...
(Speaks in English)
Ah, but it's that... Don't worry, go on her.
I'll take care of taking this to the police.
Besides, if he told you to take such a cryptic text to the police,
it means we'll have time to think about it.
Therefore,
there's little chance of anything happening right away.
Well, I guess you're right.
All right, well, I'll give you my cell phone number,
so you can call me when you hear anything, okay?
My name is Apollo Glass.
And you are? Conan Edogawa.
Conan?
A perfect name for Holmes' disciple!
Go well!
And above all call me, eh? All right!
Conan! Eh?
Who were you talking to?
Who were they, that pair?
What's the problem?
Woe betide you, if you make a mess of things
even when we travel abroad!
Ah, I think... I've already wrapped it up.
(Mouri) Like ?!
And the man who has announced the crime has given you this encrypted message?!
Are you serious?! Yes.
This was explained to me by that child, Apollo.
And then?
What do you think, on paper?
Let's see, the first line says...
"A rolling bello risas me", which would be...
"The sound of a bell wakes me up."
The second: "I am a long-nosed magician who lives in a castle".
The third: "My ration is a hard-boiled egg as cold as a corpse".
The fourth: "I will finish my meal with a whole pickle."
Fifth:
"Come to think of it, I'll save a cake for the celebration."
The sixth line: "The bell rings again and stokes my hatred."
And finally, the seventh and last:
"It tells me to end it all,
piercing a white back with two swords."
What-what does it mean?
Shivers.
He says that the man who told him about the assassination
commented that this was his "revelation."
Man, talk of revelation is a statement of intent.
Don't play along.
This must be a joke of a sonado, nothing more.
But I've already promised the Apollo.
I've assured him I'd take this to Scotland Yard.

(Shouts of joy and applause)
(Shouts of joy)
Yes!
(Agasa) What do you say?
That many more people have received this paper?!
And that, moreover, only children have been handing it out?!
Yes!
Right now the police station is full of children carrying the paper,
accompanied by their parents!
It seems that the same man, with dark skin,
dreadlocks and a cap on his head,
has been handing out the same paper in the streets,
parks and other public places.
"And he whispered in their ears
that they would soon see someone die in the city of London."
W-wait!
Did you say that, at the Apollo....,
"...the man told him that someone would die before his eyes?"
Wait a minute!
If now it turns out that he's been telling the other kids the same thing...
No, it can't be... Yes.
If there has to be a death in front of every child he's talked to,
that means it's quite possible
that they kill a lot of people at the same time!
Pa... you're talking about a massacre?! A... here, in London?!
It means that he will want to do it in a place where a lot of people usually gather.
He might want to do it at the Wimbledon tennis tournament.
Of course he does!
Everyone watches the matches on TV!
No.
"Among the children who received the part,
there were a few with bicycle helmets, the competition ones,
so I don't think that's it."
They said they were now spending the day watching the Tour de France on TV.
The Tour?
What is this Tour?
A cycling competition that takes place in France.
The Tour de France and the Wimbledon tournament
are broadcasted almost at the same time.
Therefore, who in voice one, can not see the other.
So, it must be a place like the British Museum?
Or Buckingham Palace...
In any case, we must go to places where there are many people!
Maybe we will discover something!
I'll try to decipher the message with the doctor!
Eh?! Wait, wait, wait!
In the evening we have dinner with Mrs. Diana at the hotel, remember!
We'll be back in time for dinner!
Wouldn't it be easier to search while we decipher the text together?
(Shinichi voice) Now the most efficient thing to do, Doctor,
is to split up to find information.
Deep down, we have no idea what will happen, or where, or when.
Besides, you know what?
If I had kept analyzing the text there,
I would have ended up with the Shinichi Kudo side.
(Thinking) "Well, you've had enough..."
(Shinichi voice) We'll start with the first one:
"The sound of a bell wakes me up."
This one... maybe it refers to an alarm clock, no?
The next one: "I am a long-nosed wizard who lives in a castle",
ten indicate a specific castle.
The next 3 have in common that the keywords are food.
"Hard-boiled egg", "pickle"... and "cake".
"The bell is ringing again" in the sixth line
may also indicate a clock,
and the "two swords" of the seventh,
may refer to knives or to a weapon...
Simplifying the message,
perhaps it indicates a place with a building similar to a castle...
and that, in addition, it has near two watch shops,
food stores, a bakery and an armory..,
and that something will happen there.
You know what?
We bought a map of London.
It will help us locate them.
Yes, let's go.
(Shinichi, think) "London, the city of my dreams,
the home of Sherlock Holmes."
"Right here, Apollo, a boy I meet by chance,
delivers me a mysterious message."
"I swear I will unxplain this riddle and prevent the massacre!"
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
In Holmes it also says,
that when you are hungry is when the brain works the hardest and is most awake.
and is more awake.
(Shinichi, think) "What a blunder! It's Shinichi's cell phone!"
Don't tell me you're in London, huh?
You finally came!

(Think) "I won't let him get away!"
You have no escape!
Shinichi, speak up!
"Don't miss the next episode:
Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse (Love is Zero)"

