(Kogoro) Hey, Ran!
Ran... How do you feel me?! (Kogoro) Hey?
Can't you see you're spilling your tea?
(Kogoro) Ah!
That little guy with the glasses, he's gone cold, you know?
What?
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"When they meet again after a while,
the atmosphere between Ran and Shinichi is tense."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"We are going on a trip to London, where an enigmatic message awaits us....
that hides the announcement of a mass murder."
"The Ran calls me to ask for my help in solving the code,
"And during the conversation I discover that the first line of the text
refers to London's famous clock tower, Big Ben."
"Alas, without realizing it,
"I tell Ran about my find with my identity of Shinichi,
and in this way she discovers that I am also in London."
"After chasing and cornering me,
I have to resort to an emergency solution."
"Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse: Satan."
(Agasa) Yesterday, after talking to you, Ran,
he suddenly started shaking.
(Coughs)
I guess he had been sweating after running for so many hours for London,
and with the wind that picked up in the night it must have gotten cold.
Coi de niño!
How are we going to make it, if we have to go back to Japan tomorrow night?
Man, with the medicine, the fever has started to go down a little bit.
If he rests today, he'll be fine tomorrow.
Do, do.
(Coughs) Really, don't worry about me!
Ran, Mr. Mouri and you must solve the riddle of the text.
I am sure that each one of the 7 sentences of the message
refers to some building or landmark in the city.
And how can you know, you this?
It's... It's just what Shinichi told me before.
(Thinking) "Oh! At Shinichi?"
Come to think of it, when I was at Big Ben,
Shinichi said that "the sound of a bell" in the first line...
was referring to the bell of Big Ben.
In Shinichi, Big Ben ?!
What do you mean?
That the heavy has also traveled to London?!
And you already knew that, didn't you, Ran?!
If I had known that, I wouldn't have thought of buying him souvenirs, don't you think?!
Don't quarrel.
Conan, don't suffer, he knows he's in good hands.
You guys go to decipher the message.
We stay here.
(Shinichi voice) Good thing they swallowed it.
Gee, you.
Now that you've taken the antidote for the return, I'll figure it out.
You left me no choice.
Just think, if I hadn't done it,
I would have found out that Conan Edogawa
is Shinichi Kudo onvertit as a child.
And how do you plan to come back, now, without an antidote to transform you?
Unfortunately I can't ask the Haibara to bring me another one.
Well... I'll keep thinking of a solution for now.
What's that?
Aren't you going out?
You could go with Ran and Kogoro and help them decipher the text.
What's the sound?!
My body can turn back into Conan's at any moment,
it would be reckless!
Besides, after that conversation it makes me a little uncomfortable,
to see the Ran.
Changing the subject, look at this morning's diary.
From the fingerprints that were on the papers in the message,
you can see that they have identified a suspect.
It says Hades Sabara.
He is a serial killer wanted by the police.
The first thing we have to do is investigate who he is.
Man, if they already know who the culprit is, that means they'll catch her soon, right?
But what are you saying?!
Can't you see that she left the fingerprints on purpose?!
You mean you're doing all this knowing that you'll be caught anyway!

If you tell me that "the sound of a bell" is Big Ben?
man, that might make sense,
but to find a building in the shape of an egg or a cucumber here,
it seems to me to be an animal.
(Speaks in English)
I can't believe there's such a ridiculous building, in London.
So...
This "my ration is a cold hard-boiled egg like a corpse" thing
in the third line must refer to the town hall.
Mazarin Stone... The "Mazarin Stone"?
What did they give you, these kids?
It seems to me it might have something to do with the message.
Yes.
He thinks that the man who was handing out the papers
"He said that if we didn't make sense, we should go look at Holmes."
Well, it could be that he said that because near the places...
...indicated in the message
he had left objects related to Holmes, no?
It is that "The stone of Mazarino"
is the title of a story by Sherlock Holmes,
Shinichi once told me.
Hey, listen, I've come expressly to make you lunch,
you could at least help me a little!
Oh, I'm sorry!
It's just that I was investigating a case
that Inspector Megure told me about.
Here we are!
How can you get so absorbed in an investigation
that you even forget to eat?
Someday you're going to starve to death!
In "The Mazarin Stone", Sherlock Holmes says exactly the same thing:
when you are hungry is when your brain works the hardest and is most awake.
And it's true.
A new one on Holmes?
It is that "I am a brain, Watson".
"The rest of my being is a mere appendage."
(He thinks) "If what is not the brain is a simple appendix,
it means it's the head that's important."
Hey!
Why are you tearing his head off?
Gee, here's a letter! What's that?
A T.
A T? I get it!
The man has hidden letters in the places indicated in the message;
and, if we put them all together, I'm sure they form a word!
Maybe so, but after the egg comes the pickle, right?
As much as I think about it,
I can't imagine a building as flat and round as a pickle.
Man, but what is written in the message is "a whole pickle",
so it must be before slicing it, right?
Don't be a donkey!
We are talking about pickles, small pickled cucumbers!
It is impossible that there is
any thin, long and rounded building like a...
Eh?
Ah!
It's unbelievable!
We had it in front of us! How strong!
He looks very dangerous, this Hades Sabara.
It looks like he used to be a model worker in a company,
but his mother got sick,
and so he asked his acquaintances for money to operate on her,
but he spent them on gambling and stocks, and lost them all.
Because of this, the mother could not be operated on....
and died in July last year.
After that, Hades changed and started killing people.
He murdered all those who had left him money
because they were pressuring him,
and he also killed the friend who had recommended him to invest in stocks.
And after all this, he blew up the hospitals....
that refused to operate on his mother.
Dozens of people have died at his hands.
You say he blew them up?
You have explosives, then?
Yes, he does.
During that time, Hades met Hestia.
The Hestia was a woman explosives specialist
expelled from the army,
and it is seen that she decided to help him to take revenge.
As for the woman,
it says here that she blew up his hideout with her in it,
when the police found her.
But you see that her corpse was left in pieces.
Are you implying that the corpse could be someone's and that she is perhaps alive?
Yes.
What I don't understand is how it can be
that they haven't caught such a dangerous criminal yet.
It says here that she has had her face operated on several times.
A sonado like this,
the truth is you never know where it might come from.
It is even possible that he wants to take revenge on the whole of England,
which is a country where investments and bets are the order of the day.
(Mobile: vibrates)
Wow!
It's... it's the Ran!
He-he.
Excuse me, does it hurt to answer?
What?!
Can't you see that it would be very suspicious if I took it?!
Stop being a fool and answer!
Have you found out anything about the text!
Yes, of course.
Yes...?
Hello?

(Kogoro) "If you are, take it right away, you piece of ass!"
"How...? Excuse me, but isn't this Ran's cell phone?"
It's just that she was embarrassed and didn't dare call you,
so I had to do it myself.
"She says you're the person who knows the most about Holmes."
"Is that true?" Of Sherlock Holmes?
Yes.
The "egg" in the third line indicates the shape of the town hall.
And the "gherkin" on the fourth we have discovered is a building
known as The Gherkin because of its cucumber shape.
But the problem is that around these sites
objects related to Holmes have appeared.
What kind ?!
"In the town hall there was a doll that has written on it.
(Called) 'the stone of I-don't-know-what' on its chest!"
Eh ?!
It says "The stone of Mazarin."
And as you told me that in this tale in Holmes
says that it is all brain and the rest is an appendix,
I related it and...
"And then, I peeked at the dummy,
and it turns out that there was a letter there, the T."
I get it.
If we rely on the sentences
that refer to the titles of Sherlock Holmes stories,
we will form a key word that will allow us to solve the case.
Yes.
And near this building, The Gherkin,
we found a bunch of markers with some strange cuts on them.
And also, on one of the markers they have written "Dancing Men".
Isn't that the title of another one of Holmes' stories?
That's right.
Dancing Men is "The Dancers".
That's why I thought that some letters should be hidden here too,
and I removed the caps from both sides, but there's nothing.
Well, now do one thing: take the plugs out again, and put them together.
If you rotate them, the cuts will coincide at some point.
That's it!
Here is the letter N
"How did you know?"
In Sherlock Holmes explains in this story.
He says that, if we put aside the central hypotheses,
and look only at the starting point and the conclusion,
very surprising effects can be produced,
even if they are not so obvious.
Of course!
The point was not to look at the marker pen
and focus on what the two plugs were telling us.
Exactly.
So, near Big Ben there must also be something, right?
I thought the same thing.
In fact, there is now.
But we're not finding anything.
Well, the father has seen that on the sidewalk in front of the door...
there's a strange arrow, but that's all.
"An arrow, you say?" Yes.
You know there's a bridge right next to Big Ben, right?
Well, it points in this direction.
(Thinking) "Right!"
"In the middle of the bridge there's an uncovered drain,
"and on the side there's an inscription: The Valley of Fear."
The Valley of Fear.
This is it!
I've got it, Shinichi!
Is this where you think the lettering is hidden?
(Think) "The Valley of Fear..." This was a novel.
"You mean there was a bridge in that story?"
"Wait, it could be something else."
A drainage... A river...
Water... Water?!
"I may have submerged something into the river!"
"When there is water nearby and a heavy object has disappeared,
it is not wrong to assume that the object we are looking for
may have sunk in this water".
That's a Sherlock Holmes quote!
"That is why I have deduced that there must be something sunk in the Thames."
On one of the lampposts on the side of the bridge,
there is a thin rope attached to it,
and the end of the rope is submerged in the river!
Mm?
An A!
The letter A is engraved on it!
So far we have a T, an N and an A.
Hey, Shinichi.
I guess there's a pie-shaped building to find now, but I don't know.
Can you think of where it might be? Ah...
We can't figure it out over the phone!
Wait for me here, don't move, Ran, I'll be right back!
What?
Don't suffer, over the phone is fine.
You see that, for the moment,
we've already managed to discover 3 of the letters in the text.
What's that?
Didn't you say that Shinichi also went back to London?
Well, maybe we'll finish sooner
if he comes here and we get to work together.
Or is it that you don't want him to come for any particular reason?
Of course not, man!
Wow!
But you're the girl from yesterday!
My-Minerva Glass!
Eh?
Minerva Glass, the famous tennis player?

I'm surprised to see you on the street.
Isn't tomorrow the women's individual final?
Yes, it is.
But I needed to get some fresh air.
What about you?
Are you better than yesterday, you were so worried?
It's not this man, your boyfriend, is it?
No, woman!
It's my father.
No, what worries me now is that encrypted message.
The message?
Ah, you're just like my brother!
He has already told me that a strange man gave him a message,
and that he gave it to Holmes' disciple.
Holmes's disciple, you say?
Yes, I think his name was Conan.
Esclar!
So you're the Apollo he told me about in Conan.
Look where! Eh?
You know him, in Conan?
I do.
But he's got a cold and he's been sleeping at the hotel today.
Did you feel it, Shinichi?
I just met Apollo by chance,
the boy who gave the role to Conan.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" Shinichi...?
"I'm sorry."
I just... I just had a very unforeseen event come up
that... that won't allow me to come.
"De... Really...?"
"Yes..."
"It's just that I just received an urgent message from a client on another case,
who says he's coming to see me now."
What do you know, you'll come when you can.
Well, but since I'm at the hotel, you can call me whenever you want.
The author of the text is Hades Sabara, a very dangerous killer,
so we have to solve it as soon as possible.
"If he's still the Apollo, ask him to come with you."
"I'm sure he knows London better than you do."
Yes.
Yes.
Roger that.
Hey, Apollo, you want to help us decipher the text?
Yes, I do!
I've got to get back to the hotel, I've got a massage appointment.
I'll leave Apollo with you.
Take care of me, huh? Ah... I'm so glad.
Let's see, the next word is "cake", right?
Do you think there are any cake-shaped buildings in London?
Cake?
Yes, I know what it is!
What is it?
Unbelievable!
It does look like a wedding cake!
And it is normal that it looks like one.
Because the first wedding cakes
were created imitating the shape of this church.
And it is the church of Saint Bride, which means "bride".
It seems kind of a joke, the whole thing.
But it's awesome, that you know it.
It's just that my sister used to take me there when I was a kid.
And she used to tell me that someday she would marry the Ares in this church.
The Ares, you say? I used to be her trainer.
And, before that, my father was the trainer of the Ares, you know?
Your father died in an accident, right?
Yes.
I was just going to watch an Ares game.
That day my sister was cold,
and she stayed at home with her mother.
Well, and I wasn't even born yet.
And they say that's why the Ares decided to stop playing
and become the trainer of the Minerva.
Because it was explained to me that my father's dream was
that my sister would win Wimbledon.
Well, his dream has come true.
Yes, but the Ares is still convinced...
that my father died because of him.
That's why he fought with the Minerva..,
and stopped coaching him.
And look how much he loves her too, her.
But one day he told her that, in tennis, "love" means "zero",
and that, no matter how many times you multiply it, a zero always makes you lose.
So "love" means "zero" in tennis?
(He thinks) "Sure, now I understand why he told me that."
Eh?
That you have suffered a disappointment in love, you?
So much so, I have long since stopped suffering.
"Love" in tennis is "zero".
Love equals zero,
and no matter how much we multiply it, it always leads to defeat.
Oh, I had to say something to her, to the Minerva,
but now it's gone out of my head.
What did you say you had to say to whom? Ah... No, nothing.
Listen, didn't we have to look for something?
Somewhere in this church
there's a word related to Holmes.
Yes or no? Yes, you're right!
Come on, get to work!
(Shinichi voice) Oh yeah?
Near the cake-shaped church you say there was a paper?
What about it?
What... what does it say, this paper?
Someone's handwritten "A Scandal in Bohemia".
Scandal in Bohemia...
Ah, it's the story where Irene Adler appears.
"And on this paper there is nothing else written, apart from the title?"
"You don't see anything strange?"
The paper is pale pink

and the text has been written with a black pen.
Other than that, I don't see anything special.
The paper is thick and you can't see through it.
"You can't see it because you only look, but you don't observe."
What do you think you're doing?
Of course I'm looking at it!
"Ah, no..."
It is a phrase that Holmes says to Watson
in a scene of this story.
It is that there is a moment that shows him a paper of that color.
"If you want us to observe it better, I take it out of the vinyl bag."
Like ?!
It comes in a vinyl bag?!
Yes.
"Okay, so take the paper out of the bag and get it wet."
The vinyl bag is a clue for us to wet it.
Ah!
With the water, the ink is running off!
And the letter S is the only one you can see clearly!
"It's the only one they must have written with oil-based ink!"
Exactly!
And if the paper is so thick, it's to disguise it.
On a thinner paper, the letter written with the oil-based ink....
should be transparent on the back.
Let's see, let's recapitulate.
In Saint Bride, the church-pastel, the letter is S.
At the Egg Town Hall, the T.
At The Gherkin, the gherkin building, the N.
And Big Ben, where the bell is, the A.
If we assume that there are two A
because the encrypted message Big Ben appears twice?
Satan.
It says "Satan."
Oh! Eh?
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
We fearing that there may be a mass murder in London.
When to go to the places indicated in the message,
you might see someone suspicious, over there?
A woman with sunglasses comes to mind... a woman with sunglasses.
What are you playing for?
Surely this bastard wants to put the bomb in a balloon!
Look at her!
Look at her!
(Think) "No... No way!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse: Code Cracked!"

