"Satan."
It says "Satan".
What?!
"Satan"?!
"Yes, but we're still missing two letters."
"It's too early to say that it says that."
But... but the two missing letters are...
"...those of 'long-nosed wizard living in a castle'...
and 'piercing a white back with two swords', no?"
"They're so strange I don't even know where to start looking."
Ah, the "long-nosed wizard who lives in a castle" I know just the place.
The long nose is the elephant, i.e. "elephant".
And "castle" is "castle."
In London there is an area called Elephant and Castle;
that's where you can go.
But where are we going, specifically?
"Well, start at the station, if anything."
OK!
We're going to Elephant and Castle station.
(Shinichi voice) "The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be true to yourself."
"We discovered the meaning of the encrypted message."
"And the target of the assassin is..."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
(Shinichi voice) "We travel to London, where an enigmatic message awaits us.
"That hides the announcement of a mass murder
that wants to take termeun wanted criminal: Hades Sabara."
"Each of the sentences in the text
"Refers to a characteristic building in London,
"And at each location he has left a clue
related to Sherlock Holmes cases."
"All these clues contain a letter of the alphabet."
"After analyzing the message, we managed to find five letters."
"We are missing two."
"You can get ready now, Hades!"
"I swear I will solve the riddle and stop you from committing the crime!"
"The Book of Holmes Apocalypse (Code cracked)."
Very well.
We're at the station and we've been searching and searching for an hour now.
But you see, there's nothing here!
Shinichi?
Are you absolutely sure, that it's here?
"Yes. I'd say the place must be the same."
"Either it's the station, or it's the shopping mall next door."
Ran.
Yes?
This man... Wasn't he already here when we arrived?
He hasn't stopped walking around. It's true!
Hey, Shinichi.
There's a man here with a briefcase,
and the briefcase says "Identity" written in big letters.
I'm sure he means "A case of identity",
which translates as "A case of identity".
It's the title of a Holmes story.
Ask the man why he is there.
He says that someone has given him money
in exchange for spending the day hanging around the station
with the clothes he's wearing and the briefcase in his hand.
"And he says that this person
has provided him with both the clothes and the briefcase, which is empty."
The clothes too?
"The first thing I look at is a woman's sleeves.
In men it is perhaps more important
the knee-pad of the pants".
Look at her knees!
"It must have something written on it!" Eh?
The knees?
Well..., no.
No, I don't see anything.
Have you looked inside?! What?!
(Speaks in English)
I found it!
At the level of the knees of the pants is the letter "u"!
Well, with this one we have "t", "n", "a", "a", "s"...,
and now the "u".
All that's left is... "tells me to put an end to everything,
piercing a white back with two swords."
the last sentence of the message.
I am struck by the "white back" and the "two swords".
But there is no building with this shape or that name.
Sure, that's it! (Coughs)
The logo of a porcelain brand!
The "white back with two swords" is a reference to the logo
to the logo that has on the bottom of it
a brand of chinaware famous for its whiteness!

The next step is the brand's store, which is also in London?
With the mother we went very often, there.
Because... mother loves it, this tableware,
and in London there is only one place where they sell it!
"What? Some strange ornaments?" Yes.
We asked a sales clerk,
and it turns out that every day someone puts
strange decorations to the store sign every day.
"Did she show you any of them? What do they look like?"
There's a bundle of colored strings with little bells tied to them,
and each bell has a different letter on it.
On the part where the strings are tied together there's also some kind of title,
but it's so dirty I can't read it well.
The title is probably "A Study in Scarlet",
the novel with which Conan Doyle
introduced Sherlock Holmes to the world.
It's his first case: "A Study in Scarlet".
Do you see any scarlet thread?
Look to see if there are any of a bright red color, to the beam.
"In this case, in Holmes says this:"
" 'The scarlet menace of murder
runs through the colorless bundle of life.'"
"And our duty is to discern it and isolate it,
and thus expose its pettiest sinuosities."
Ah!
I've got it.
The red thread!
And the bell attached to the tip has... a letter "r".
If this "r" is the last letter,
in total we have the "t", "n",
the "a", the "a", the "s", the "u" and the "r".
That's 7 letters.
But if 5 of the letters form "Satan",
what do they mean, the remaining "u" and "r"?
Shinichi?
Can you hear me?
"No, we only need one, from 'a'."
"What?" They order like this.
The planet!
"You mean the killer plans to act Saturday, the day of Saturn."
Saturday.
Wait a minute, but this is tomorrow! Stop, stop, stop!
In Japanese, "Saturn" and "Saturday" are written with the same ideogram.
But, in English, the planet and the day of the week...
cannot be related in the same way.
"Of course they can."
"Because, according to etymology, 'Saturday' comes from 'Saturn.'
an agrarian god of Roman mythology."
The "day of Saturn" is "Saturday."
And then there's the god Saturn, which is named after the planet.
-Oh, yes?
Caram: Just a moment!
Now we know it will be Saturday, but what will happen and where?
(Woman) Apollo!
(Speaking in English)
You leave secret message to us.
-The children must be with Mom! -But it's just...
Hey, Apollo, your mother says you're going to watch the game,
but she doesn't... there's no voice, is there?
No, but she says he can follow with his ear.
That's why she always goes to all the finals, no matter what!
Last year she couldn't go to the final of Roland Garros
and the Minerva lost.
(Mouri) Have you seen that one?
See how happy she is.
And today is Saturday!
We fearing that somewhere in London
there may be a mass murder,
and here she is, walking the dog.
You have already called Scotland Yard
to let them know that we've deciphered the message
and that it says that the crime will happen today, Saturday, right?
Yes, and that each of the seven lines of text...
indicated a particular place or a particular building,
that we've gone and that at each of these locations
was hidden a different letter,
and that ordered they form "Saturn", that is to say, "Saturday".
And that, therefore, the murderer is warning us that he intends to act on Saturday.
I explained everything to them.
But then they asked me which Saturday it will be,
they told me that if we don't know when, where and what has to happen,
they can't do anything, and they hung up on me.
What about the young detective?
He didn't tell you anything else, did he?
Ah, Shinichi told me that he has the investigation of another case...
and that he's leaving this one to us.
As if there's nothing left to do!
We've already deciphered the message,
and that's why we know something will happen today, Saturday.
What else do you want us to do?
We have no more clues!
(Conan's voice) And can't it be that...
we haven't quite figured it out yet, this message?
It's just that the word we've pulled out, "Saturn", only has one "a" in it.
So it wouldn't be strange
that Big Ben would have appeared twice in the text

for some reason that escapes us.
Conan!
Are you all right with your cold? Oh, yes, I am.
But I still have a bit of a cough.
Ahem, ahem!
(Mouri) I don't know what the hell this Hades Sabara has in his head.
Why on earth would he bother to send us a notice like this?
I think he's just trying to get attention.
It's not the first time.
Before he blew up one of the hospitals, he also sent a coded message.
And after the explosion,
you can see that he even sent a video to the police
where you could see the building on fire.
He included a letter explaining how to solve the riddle.
I see where he's going.
Basically, he's so convinced that we will fail, he's challenging us.
But then,
we have to hurry to figure it all out and notify the police!
Oops, even there we have to be very cautious.
It is clear that when the second hospital was going to be attacked,
at the last moment they solved the riddle,
but just as the bomb squad was entering the center,
he detonated the bomb.
What does he say, now?
In other words, he will act whether we decipher it or not?!
It appears that on that day Hades also sent them a video.
And he recorded himself in his own voice to tell them, laughing,
that they had arrived late.
So, to prevent him from acting, we have to decipher the code,
go to the place in disguise,
sneak up on Hades without him noticing.
and catch him before he can do anything.
(Think) "If I remember correctly,
City Hall and The Gherkin are on opposite banks of the River Thames."
When to go to the places indicated in the message,
you might see someone suspicious over there?
Someone suspicious over there?
A woman with sunglasses comes to mind.
What's that?
And this woman... maybe she had that face?
She's an explosives professional who's working with him.
Maybe or maybe not... I've got it!
A balloon!
What are you playing for?!
Surely this bastard wants to put the bomb in a balloon!
What's that?
First, we leave Big Ben, from the first sentence of the text,
we go through Elephant and Castle station, from the second,
and we go to the Town Hall, the third.
Then we cross the River Thames, and arrive at The Gherkin, the fourth.
Then we join Saint Bride's Church, the fifth,
and we return to Big Ben, the sixth sentence.
And if from here we make a line
to the porcelain store in Walton Street,
at the end of the text...
Look, look at it!
Doesn't it look like a balloon?
If the message showed Big Ben twice,
it's because it was telling us that we had to link
the places that appear following the order of the sentences!
A moment.
Ha-ha-ha!
I'd say... more than a balloon.... (Shinichi, thinks) "No way!"
(Speaks in English)
(He thinks) "You bunch of incompetents!"
"I knew there would be absolutely no one
who could reach my level."
"I'm sorry like that, to be made so easy for me."
"But this is my last gift to avenge my mother."
"I don't dislike it either, a quiet ending."
"Yes..., I'll do it for her."
"All will be silent."
"Not even the echo of the ovations will remain...
(People: shouting)
...on the center court at Wimbledon."
"Hello, Hades Sabara is here!"
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
What ?!
A tennis racket?!
Not a balloon, then? No.
That's true.
It's a bit deformed, but it could be a racket.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
If we're talking about tennis, in the city of London...
Wimbledon!
The Minerva plays the final today at two o'clock!
Yes, but didn't we agree that it couldn't be Wimbledon?
I took it for granted that he had told
to all the children to whom he gave the message
that someone would die before their eyes,
and that's why I thought no.
But considering that the police are not considering the hypothesis of a mass murder.
the hypothesis of a mass murder,
maybe it's that this phrase was only said to Apollo,
and to the rest of the children he gave the message just to mislead
and confuse the investigators.
If the death occurred before the Apollo's eyes,
it is likely that his target is
the women's singles final at Wimbledon.
What I don't understand is why precisely Wimbledon.

Maybe it is related to tennis.
In fact, at the Apollo, he gave him the encrypted message...
on the same court at Wimbledon.
You mean it's not all to do with gambling?
Hades' mother died of heart disease.
It was in July last year.
And it seems that a month before Hades had bet on some match,
but he didn't win.
Now that you mention it, in last year's tournament the Minerva lost.
And wasn't the Roland Garros final in June?
The truth is that, apart from the tournaments where he has not participated due to injury,
she usually wins all the matches she plays.
So, if Hades saw him as a safe bet,
and to earn extra money
he gambled the money for his mother's operation, thinking that she would win the
thinking she would win the Roland Garros final, maybe....
...he went broke, the mother couldn't have the operation and died.
So, you're telling me that his goal is...?
(Shinichi, think) The Queen of the Court, Minerva Glass!
(Cheering)
I hope... the match goes well for her.
Yes!
When you come, victory is assured!
Of it..., sure it's fine, here?
Always choose the normal seats.
Yes.
I do not like the reserved area.
As it seems that you do not watch the game, the cameras focus on me,
and if the Minerva sees me in the images while playing,
I'm afraid she might get distracted.
But she always manages
to find me before the end of the game, I don't know how she does it.
But... I'm sorry.
I still can't believe this is the last game I come with you.
I was convinced you'd end up becoming my son-in-law.
I already made you lose your husband.
She wouldn't forgive me if I stole her daughter too.
Ares, is it true, you'll be someone else's coach?
Yes, my boy.
From now on it will be more difficult for me to see you.
But that's all right.
Your sister can go out perfectly well without me.
Come on, come on!
It's after two o'clock!
The game has already started!
I don't get it.
What will we do, once we get to the court?
We don't even have tickets.
It gives me!
-We'll figure something out! -Man, but...
What, Conan?
Is Apollo picking up your phone?
No.
Maybe his cell phone's off.
Since they're halfway through the game...
"Hello?" Ah, Apollo?
"But what were you doing? Why didn't you call me until now?"
"S-sorry! Where are you now?"
Since you can't make calls in the stands, I went out into the hallway.
But tell me.
If you've called me, I figure...
it must be because you've already caught the man with the message, right?
"Ah, no, not yet."
"Man, so don't call me now,
I'm watching the Minerva game!"
Yeah, I know.
Did something strange happen to you, on the track?
I don't know, did you talk to someone?
Ah, yes!
Some fans of the Minerva came to wish us luck.
As they recognized the mother, the Ares and me,
they even gave me a big stuffed animal for the Minerva.
And... how do you see her, your sister?
What do you mean, how do I see her?
Well, I see her as usual.
And the game has just started.
Eh, but how is it, that you ask me all this?
"Don't tell me something has to happen, here!"
(All) Xxxt! No... No, man!
I don't think so, wow!
But we also want to see the Minerva game, you know?
"Don't you have any tickets to spare?"
Tickets?
(Mouri) Man, we could already imagine, that I wouldn't have any.
But we are at the door?
And that they know that they have a ruthless killer inside the enclosure.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I have no choice!"
Hey, hey, stop!
(Speaks in English)
Se... Ms. Diana!
(Applause)
(Mouri) It was a good idea.
With these general admission tickets,
even if we can't get into the center court,
we'll be able to watch the final on this giant screen.
So this is the famous Murray Mount.
Well, we have been very lucky.
How nice that Mrs. Diana has acquaintances on the board of directors,
and that she got us tickets when the match started.
It's true that we couldn't get tickets for the center court, but I guess that was too much to ask,
but I guess that was asking too much.
May I know who the hell is this woman?
Ran, how do you see it?
How is it going, the match?
I don't know.

La Minerva must be having a bad day.
When he serves, many balls go into the net,
and she's losing 3 to nothing.
(Think, in English)
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
What?!
That man wants to kill my sister!
(Thinking) "It won't be long now. It's almost done, mother."
(Think) "After all, you're just a fictional character."
"In this world you can't exist."
"There is no flesh and blood Sherlock Holmes!"
(Speaks in English)
(Thinks) "A disciple of Holmes?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse (The Queen of the Clue)"

