(Applause)
(Audience) Oooh...
What's wrong with him?
-A new network. -What's wrong?
One of the strengths of the Minerva is just the accuracy of the service.
Mm-hm.
She hardly ever double faults.
(thinks) "And today she keeps sending the ball into the net."
He's at the net all the time.
He can't find the point today, on serve.
But the throwing position is correct.
Theoretically, the ball should go where she wants it to go.
So what's wrong with her?
(Think) "What's wrong with you, Minerva? What are you doing?"
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"Will you get the message from the Queen of the Track,
the disciple of Holmes?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"We are going on a trip to London, where an enigmatic message awaits us.
"That hides the announcement of a mass murder
that a wanted criminal, Hades Sabara, wants to carry out."
"After deciphering the text, we discover that the objective of Hades
is to perform on Saturday at the Wimbledon Centre Court."
"There, the women's singles final is being contested,
"where Minerva Glass, the world's number one ranked player,
whom Ran met by chance at Baker Street."
"We are rushing to Wimbledon,
but as we don't have tickets we can't access the center court."
"No way!"
"Are we really going to have to stand here and watch helplessly?"
"Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse (Queen of the Court)."
(Applause)
No!
But what's wrong with her?
La Minerva has lost the set by 0 to 6!
Why do you wonder?
If every time she touches the net two or three times
and she ends up taking flow, it's normal.
Maybe she's having a bad day or some physical problem
and he can only make cut serves.
"I don't understand."
"With the first serve, he could take a risk and try to serve hard,
even if the ball didn't go in."
"But not only has he not committed any double faults,
but he hasn't missed any serves;
how can that be?"
Ah, look!
These are the places where Minerva has sent the services!
And I see that it also indicates the ones that have touched the net.
Well, they are well distributed and ordered.
It looks like she has calculated it and everything.
"Wait, what if...?!"
Hey, Ran.
You don't see anything different today at the Minerva?
Do you?
In what way?
You mean because of the service problem?
No, more like if he does anything he doesn't usually do or...
if you see anything that catches your eye.
Do you?
Now that you mention it,
he doesn't wear the wristband he always wears on his right arm.
I read in an interview that in the finals she always wore a wristband
that his father gave him.
He said it was very important.
Maybe it's just that he left it on.
"A wristband..."
(Applause)
(Woman) It's unbelievable!
We're in the second set, and Glass still hasn't managed to win a game!
What was it, from the Minerva Glass we know,
the invincible Queen of the Court?!
Poor thing...
It seems to me that tonight's dinner will be more about cheering her up.
Mm-hm.
Wow, just today when an admirer gave her such a nice stuffed animal....
I don't know if I can give it to her.
(Mobile: buzzing)
A message from Holmes' disciple.
He says we met Murray Mound.
What?!
That man wants to kill my sister?!
Are you serious?!
Yes.
And it seems to me that she knows that and she's trying to convey that to us
with the position of her services.
But how did she find out?
It's possible that Hades himself has told her
by putting a piece of paper with a note inside her wristband.
It can't be in the racket because she always uses it,
but as the wristband she only wears it to the finals,

has more opportunities to do so.
By the way, at the Minerva his bag went missing in the hotel,
but they found it right away, and we checked it.
Well, you should have put the paper in it then!
I don't think you checked the inside of the wristband, did you?
All right, then.
I'll go right away and let everyone know!
-Quiet here! -Huh?
We don't know how this criminal intends to murder your sister or when,
but this is someone crazy enough
to blow up a hospital when he feels he's been exposed.
If we cause a panic now and the game is cancelled.
maybe the killer will take advantage of all the commotion to kill her anyway!
And then what should we do?
Wait for me to look at you and do nothing!
We will not stand idly by.
Apollo, I need you to give me your ticket.
So I can move freely around the bleachers.
I swear I'll find the killer and I'll save her.
What?!
You, Conan?! Isn't it better if I go?!
You can't, Kogoro.
Think of him as a famous detective in Japan
and the killer might know him, we can't rule him out.
Can't we rule him out?
Yeah...
On the other hand, if a child like me approaches him, I'm sure he won't be suspicious.
All right, I'll give it to you, but, if I don't go back to my seat,
the mother and the Ares will worry about me.
You can send a message to the Ares telling her that you'll wait for them outside
that you will wait for them outside because you don't want to see the Minerva lost.
Still, how do you expect to find the murderer in the middle of so many people, Conan?
Don't you see that this Hades has already changed his face a thousand times?
The key is in what you always say, Kogoro!
"Improvise, man!"
Im-improvise, he says... Conan, wait!
If you don't catch Hades, it's okay.
but, please, protect the Minerva!
Besides, I have something to tell you, and it's very important!
Yes!
Calm down!
(applause)
(Hades: thinks) "Yes, shout, shout... Shout more!"
"The more joyful you are now,
the more unbearable will be the terror that will plunge him into silence."
"Ha-ha-ha!"
"It won't be long now. It's almost there, mother."
"I had thought so."
"What he's trying to draw on the track is braille!"
"Write a message in braille with the dots where the ball lands
so the murderer won't notice."
"She has learned it from her mother, who is blind."
"Braille consists of a rectangle of 6 spaces
where dots combine to represent a letter."
"If she goes about directing her services on the web.
"It's because, if he didn't touch it,
"The ball could not fall to the lowest level.
"And because some letters need 5 dots
and therefore an equivalent number of balls."
"In this case from his point of view,
the first service is the 'hache'."
"Next, the 'e'."
"Next, the 'she.' And fourth, the 'pe'."
"Lined up, 'help'. He's asking for help!"
"She's waiting for someone to read it. Someone who can help her."
"And she'll probably keep writing it over and over
until her tour of duty runs out: 'Help.'"
(gasp)
"Now what we need to know is what message Hades has left her."
"Indeed, there is a piece of paper inside the wristband,
but it's very hidden, and from here it's impossible to read it."
"Oysters!"
"I would like to convey to her that I want to help her,
but I don't know how to do it without causing chaos in the middle of the game."
Come on!
-Hey! -Come on!
-Minerva!
Go! -Eat on, Minerva.
It 's okay!
(Think) "Ah... if you really existed in the real world,
now you'd show up, all fancy, and save me."
"But of course, after all, you're just a fictional character."
"In this world you can't exist."
"No. There is no flesh and blood Sherlock Holmes!"
Minerva!
"A disciple of Holmes?"
Co-Conan ?!
-Asses! -But may I know what he does?! -What does he do?!
Eh?
"This little boy, a disciple of Holmes? Don't make me laugh."
(Apollo voice) "He's a boy with glasses and he looks small,
but he's a disciple of Holmes and he's very smart!"
"He said he will help me."
"Perhaps that means he has understood my message."
"All right, then."
"I will trust you,
disciple of Holmes!"
(Shouts of enthusiasm)
"The first letter is four dots."

"I've already done 3,
so I've only got the bottom right corner left."
"There!"
The Minerva has scored a point!
But what happened to her, in the Bauer, her rival?
-It was going so well, wasn't it? -Yes.
She threw it on the other side and it took her by surprise.
And that was a cut service.
"It's normal that it caught her off guard.
"Because the letter she wrote now wasn't even the 'hache',
"nor the 'e', nor the 'she', nor the 'pe', which she has done so many times."
"It was the 'ge'."
"If he has started writing new letters,
"This means that now he will surely pass on to me the message
he has received from the criminal."
"Holmes' disciple..."
"It is true that Apollo told me he was a Japanese boy."
"If you make yourself say 'disciple' of the detective I so admire,
I hope you know how to read what I am about to write."
"So that the next letter is the only one of the 26 letters of the alphabet
that is only represented by a single dot!"
(Shouts of enthusiasm)
"An 'ace!"
"He has thrown in the upper left corner, therefore, it is the 'a'."
"With the one before, we already have the 'ge' and the 'a.' What's next?"
"You've changed the pattern of services, what's wrong with you?"
"You're tired of losing, already?"
"It's the first service that fails. And a lot, too."
"This will mean the word ends here."
"After the 'ge' came 'a', 'eme' and 'e',
therefore, the first word is 'game', game."
"Oysters, it's admirable how precise he is."
"He knows how to regulate the force with which the ball hits the net
so that it falls in each of the 6 positions that make up the braille."
"I expected nothing less from the Queen of the Court. What control of the serve!"
No!
Now that she had finally gotten the upper hand!
-Another one of these "juices"? -Hey, that's the sixth one.
"He did it on purpose."
"He did it so that he could extend the playing time
so that he could write letters."
"At the moment, what he's written in braille on the track is 'game',
'set', 'death', 'eme'..."
"When the game is over he will die.... 'eme'..."
"Wait, now he's written the 'o'?"
"If after 'death', he has put an 'eme' and an 'o'..."
"Oysters!"
(Announcer) And Glass wins the game!
Right now, three games to one in Bauer's favor.
"The game is over, therefore, so is the message."
"And now he's rewritten the 'eme'."
"All together makes 'mom': mother!"
"I was afraid of it, the person who wants to assassinate Hades is not the Minerva,
but her mother!"
"Come to think of it, the Ran had already said so."
"Last year's Roland Garros, what the Minerva lost,
was the only one where her mother wasn't there to cheer her on."
"If Hades bet a large sum of money on that tournament.
"On the Minerva's victory,
"and blamed the defeat on the Minerva's mother for not having gone,
it wouldn't be surprising if his target was her!"
"But how does he plan to assassinate her ?!"
"It may be close to him ?!"
(Apollo voice) "I even got a nice big stuffed animal for the Minerva."
"I know! It's the stuffed bone that the mother has in her lap!"
(Hades: thinks) "Very well. Hold it tight and don't part for anything."
"This teddy bear contains the fireworks
that will celebrate the end of my revenge."
What?!
A bomb?! What?!
-What?! - What are you saying?!
You really mean it, that stuffed animal contains a bomb?!
Yes.
I suspect that Hades intends to explode it
when the game is over because he wants to kill your mother!
W-well, I'll call him, tell him to pretend he's going to the bathroom...
and to stay away from the bag!
No!
If she gets up, then he'll suspect that we've found out,
and he's capable of blowing her up by remote control!
Oh!
And even if we could save your mother,
the people around her wouldn't be able to escape!
It would be the greatest tragedy in the history of Wimbledon!
This can't be.
"Therefore, the only option we have to stop him....
is to locate him in the center court crowd and capture him."
And you think you will be able to locate ?!

By the way, your mother and the Ares?
are not the seats reserved for the family.
Do they always go to regular seats? Mm-hm.
It's just that the mother doesn't like to be in the spotlight with the camera.
That's why she always sits in the bleachers, and if she can, she can play in the shade.
She said it in an interview. "In the shadow?"
This means that Hades must be on the other side, where the sun shines!
How?
Why?! "For the videos!"
"Hades always records instant of the explosion on video
and sends it to the police."
And if he read this interview,
it is very likely that he would choose a seat on the opposite side,
from where he could record the explosion head-on.
So if you're looking for a man with a camera on that side,
you might find him.
No, there are too many people with cameras.
We have to narrow it down somehow!
I-and how are you going to do it?
"Good question. I have no idea!"
"How do I do it, to locate Hades...
among an audience of 15,000 people?"
Huh?
What is it, all this fuss?! (commotion)
People are coming down the aisles!
Don't tell me the game is already over!
Not yet.
La Minerva has returned a difficult ball and has tied at 6,
and now they're going to the tie-break.
If you feel the noise of the crowd, it will be because of the rain.
It is said that they have suspended the match for half an hour so that it rains
and they have to install the retractable roof.
Oh, and you mean your mother won't get up and leave, too?
No, I don't think so.
She took the umbrella.
And besides, the mother regrets very much...
that she couldn't go to cheer for the Minerva at Roland Garros.
"When she went blind."
"That's why she always says she doesn't want to get up until the end..,
when the match is over."
(Shouting)
It feels strange to me, with the ceiling.
The screams of the audience resonate much more.
Yes.
(Mobile: buzzing)
Oh, the Apollo... What to do, who does not return?
Now that the Minerva is playing well, I would enjoy it.
It's a pity.
"Don't move from the seats! I'll tell you later!"
(thinks) "Apollo. Why do you say that?"
"No! The people who have gone down the aisles are starting to come back!"
"Now they will resume the game."
"And if the Minerva loses the decisive game, it will be over!"
"Hades will set off the bomb!"
"I have to manage to find it before this happens."
"But I don't know how I can look for a man I don't even know what face he makes!"
(Pip) Apollo?
Hey, did you send him what I told you, to Ares?
Y-yes, yes, yes, but listen to something.
Maybe it has nothing to do with it,
but the Minerva told me she had a foolproof system
to know where his mother is during the games.
What? "She never tells you where her."
"At the end of the match the Minerva turns to where she is and calls her."
"It's very curious." Tell me!
What is it, this system?
She makes a very high balloon with the ball during the match.
He makes it go as high up as he can.
"But then he wouldn't tell me how he does it, to find it."
"A very high balloon with the ball?"
(Hades) "The Queen of the Court is coming back..."
"You plan to extend the match as long as you can, eh?"
(Hades) "You think you'll extend your mother's life too."
(Think) "If I lose the decisive game, the mother... my mother..."
(Conan)
"Very well."
"The moment of truth has come, Hades!"
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
If the other makes the next point, then the Minerva will lose!
-Minerva...! - "Come on! There's no turning back now!"
"I'll show you what she's capable of,
the real Minerva Glass, the Queen of the Rink!"
"Come on, show yourself, Hades!"
"I've got to get there...! Please...!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse (Zero is the beginning!)'."

