(Woman) We have a rain-soaked final.
Fortunately, the retractable roof has been put up.
And the match resumes.
We are in the second set, tied at 6 games,
and about to start the tie-break.
The service will be for Bauer, who has won the first set.
(Audience: ovation)
(Hades) The Queen of the Court returns...
"You plan to extend the match as long as you can, eh?"
"You think you'll extend your mother's life too."
(Thinking) "If I lose the decisive game, the mother... my mother...!
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"A life that depends on a ball."
"Two unexpected guests and two hearts getting closer."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"We are going on a trip to London, where an enigmatic message awaits us....
"That hides the announcement of a mass murder
that a wanted criminal, Hades Sabara, wants to carry out."
"After deciphering the text,
"We discovered that Hades' goal
is to perform on Saturday at the Wimbledon Centre Court."
"The women's singles final is being held there,
where the Minerva Glass participates."
"During the match, thanks to a message...
"that the Minerva sends in Braille system through its services,
"We discover that the real target of Hades is not the Minerva..,
but her mother, who is in the stands cheering her on."
"When the game is over, Hades will set off a bomb."
"We have to find it before this happens!"
"Holmes' Book of the Apocalypse, (Zero is the beginning)"
(Audience: ovation)
(Think) "I would expect nothing less from Holmes' disciple. Good idea."
"Now then, you've made me a risky request."
"And we are talking about the number two in the world ranking,
"A player with powerful serves
that go over 190 kilometers per hour: Demeter Bauer."
Yes!
"But if this allows you to catch the murderer,
"If you can save the mother,
"I will show you
"What the real Minerva Glass is capable of,
the Queen of the Runway!"
Oh, my goodness!
She's back on direct service!
Let's see, but how do you decide who wins the deciding game?
Well, normally, the tie-break is won by whoever reaches 7 points first,
but if it's 6-6,
they continue until someone gets a difference of two points.
So, if the Queen has a two-point lead...
...it means that the Minerva also loses the second set and the match is over.
And when this happens, if Hades carries out his threat..,
he'll explode the bomb inside the mother's teddy bear.
Hey, just because she's losing 7-6 doesn't mean...?
Yes, that your opponent has a match-point.
If the other makes the next point, then the Minerva will lose!
Minerva!
"Let's go! There's no turning back now, Queen of the Court!"
"When the match is over,
I will touch this little button and blow up your mother!"
"And, as I told you to the message you have on your wristband,
I will send you the images!"
"The images of the moment she turns to dust."
"That's what you get for having lost last year's Roland Garros
and letting my mother die."
"And for winning Wimbledon a month later,
"right on the day of her funeral, and you held up the trophy all proud."
"I will make you live personally
all the rage and despair I felt!"
"What, Holmes' disciple?"
"As you have asked me, I have ceded the championship point to my rival."
"With the balloon I just made I have already found my mother."
"So now it's your turn to find it in him, the murderer!"
"There goes your reputation and that of Sherlock Holmes!"
"First, a loose ball in the center."

"She'll give it back to me with a deep drive to the back of the court."
"And I'll answer her by slicing it!"
"You're inspired today, so you can return it to me!"
-Wow, what a rally! -It's already been turned over 10 times!
Courage, Minerva!
"He's touched it with the frame! Get up!"
"It's going out! I'll volley it back, before it goes out!"
"No, too low! It's coming to the net!"
You have an ideal opportunity!
"It's going behind, on the left side. Right on the line!"
It's in!
"Well, let's go back to the beginning!"
Boy, what a long play.
Over 30 strokes, they've turned it around, already.
Maybe the Minerva is deliberately making it longer?
There's already been a volley back from the outside before.
Yes, but... why is she stretching it out like that?
"Come on, Hades. Where are you? Where are you hiding?"
"Come on, show yourself, Hades!"
"The net!"
"I've got to get there! Please!"
No! I didn't get there in time!
Then... It can't be!
"The Minerva has lost!"
What what?
What do you mean, "challenge"?
It's called "challenge system".
If a player disagrees with the judge's decision,
he can ask up to 3 times in a set to check where the ball landed.
This is done with the hawk-eye, which is a system of 10 cameras...
that record the images of the match digitally.
Wow.
Gee, I imagine that the Minerva...
must be pretty convinced that the last ball went out.
(Hades) "I see the Queen doesn't know when to give up."
"Now you plead before the guillotine?"
"This won't change anything, you know that, don't you?"
"And to the instant of silence that will be generated after the cheers,
"Between the explosion and the screams of terror,
it will be an offering so that the mother can rest in peace."
It's out! Lucky you asked for the check.
For they are now tied 7 to 7!
"I've been saved this time."
"But I can't go on with the rally, because..."
"Finally. From the look on your face, I know you've found it."
Hooray! He's already tied it!
Yes, but now it comes to the last set.
Whoever wins, the match will be over and the Hades bomb...
It's all right!
Holmes' disciple has sent me a message: he has already found the murderer.
I'm sure he has already stopped him.
What a luck, eh, handsome?
What luck, eh, handsome?
Eh?
Come on, wake up!
What are you standing here for?
"Japanese?"
Since you've located the killer,
it'd be a pity if you don't catch him, Shinichi.
"Ma... Mother?!"
Yes, all right!
What I don't understand is how did you do it, to locate the killer.
For the movement of the faces of the audience.
People watching a tennis match
move their heads left and right to follow the ball.
When it goes to the left they do like this and when it goes to the right they do like this.
If you watch the match from the side, you're sure to end up doing it.
But if among the whole audience
there's one person who doesn't move at all, he stands out from the rest.
And in an exciting moment, even more so.
This means that what doesn't move must be the killer,
who is only waiting
the bomb when the game is over,
kill the Queen of Track's mother and record it all.
If he doesn't have the Minerva's mother framed with the camera
before the end of the match,
it's possible that when the time comes...
and people start getting up from their seats to applaud, you won't find her.
Of course they won't!
That's why Shinichi told her what he told her!
To resist even if the other one has a championship point.
Because it would lengthen the rally and give her time to find the man.
But the Queen of the Court surprises me.
She understood without any explanation.
No, it's just that she uses it a lot, this method,
and that's why she must have fallen for it right away.
The exaggeratedly high balloons that the Minerva usually makes during the games,
she does them to be able to locate her mother.
Because, if she knows that the ball will go out, she no longer needs to look at her,
and she takes advantage of it to look for a person in the crowd
who doesn't follow the ball with his eyes, since his mother is blind.
The question is whether Shinichi will manage to catch the killer,
now that he has found her.
So be calm.

"All you have to do is approach Hades from behind without him noticing,
and shoot him with one of his anesthetic darts."
"All right, I've got it!" (Woman) Oh!
How ?!
"Damn him! How could he possibly have found me?"
(Audience: shouting)
"But if it is the disciple of Holmes."
"So, the man who is standing and who seems upset...!"
"It's over! It's now or never! I have to explode the bomb!"
"And then I'll take advantage of the confusion to run away from here!"
(Hades) "How... How can there be...?! From so far away...?!"
"You're the best, Queen of the Runway!"
"That's what I call the pass of death!"
"Safety?!"
(Shinichi voice) Now I get it.
So you had alerted the police and they were already on alert.
That's right.
I've asked a friend of mine at Scotland Yard.
I'm also going to decipher the message
and found out that Hades would act here.
You made it difficult for me!
I had to follow you everywhere
because I could decipher the message.
So, the woman with the sunglasses hanging around the Ran is you, huh?
I thought she was the explosives expert who helped Hades?
It has not been proven that that woman died in the suicide explosion.
Thanks to the DNA analysis.
So, the bomb inside the stuffed bone...
must have been her parting gift.
If you already knew everything, you could have captured it too, couldn't you?
As it turns out, it was me,
who deciphered the message from the second hospital.
And, of course, since Hades knew me, I couldn't get close.
Come on, don't get angry!
Your method of finding the killer was brilliant!
I had only bought you tickets for all the zones
so that you could move freely, wherever that sonado went.
However, if you were involved in the case, you could have warned me.
I wasn't.
Actually, we came to London because we were asked to.
What?
Asked by whom?
(Audience: ovation)
Hurray!
What, how do you feel?
Aren't you a little homesick?
If Minerva asked you to stop coaching her,
it wasn't because she wanted you to quit tennis
and dedicate yourself to be just her husband, Ares.
What she wanted was for you to remember this feeling.
La Minerva knows that, if you retired, it was because of her.
You have to be honest with yourself.
I'm sure that, deep down, you're dying to play.
Good, she won!
The Minerva has won!
And since no bomb went off, well....
-That means they've caught the killer! Yes!
Now I got a message from Holmes' disciple!
Listen, Apollo.
What are we going to see the Minerva later?
It's just that there's something I have to tell her personally, you know?
Woman, she may be very busy with the press and all that.
Send her a message!
I'll give you her cell phone!
I'll give you her cell phone!
Thank you.
Uh... Wait a minute, wait a minute.
That lady over there is not the Diana we know?!
Of course she is!
But it's the royal box, lo!
She's not... royalty, is it?
Either that or she's a noblewoman or a friend of someone.
Then the man I made her the key in the restaurant
might be a prince?!
Do you want me to call and ask?
No, leave it alone.
I'd rather not know.
"Now, that I can smile like that is thanks to a Japanese girl....
and the cell phone message she sent me earlier."
What a surprise.
I didn't expect you to come and say goodbye to me.
But are you sure you're doing well?
You must be very busy today.
Yes.
I did have things to do, but I got away.
I wanted to thank you in person for the message you sent me.
What message?
What message?
What did you say?
Those words touched my heart.
"Maybe it's true that in the world of tennis love is zero,
but zero..."
Ah!
Aaaaah!
You don't need to say it out loud, woman!
It's actually... it's a phrase he said to me.
This "he"
must be the boy who made you suffer in front of the statue of Holmes.
Eh?
Yes... That's right.
What an ass you are.
Eh?
I feel stupid.
I made the movie all by myself.
It's exactly like she says... Love is zero.
No matter how much we multiply it, the result is defeat.
N-now I'm lost.
Don't you understand?

You don't say you're a detective, do you?
Well, if you are, prove it,
and make an effort to try to deduce what I feel!
You idiot! Eh... Wait, wait, wait!
Where are you going?
Ran!
You wait!
Ran!
No!
Let me stay! Hey, hey, hey!
Seriously, there's no one who understands you! What?!
That for me you're the most complicated case of all!
You're always a tangle of emotions.
Even if I were the real Sherlock Holmes, I couldn't figure you out!
When you like a girl,
it's impossible to read the heart accurately.
Eh...?
That love is zero, you say?
Don't make me laugh!
Tell it to the Minerva: zero is the beginning!
You have to start from zero, so that something is born.
If not, you get nothing!
"Tell her so!"
Well, well, well.
How well he speaks, the boy.
So, if you tell it to Ares as well...
Ah, I already told Ares in a message and he answered me and everything.
He says he has training and that we won't see each other for a while.
What a ?
So, he's gone with another player?
He already said he would train another one.
-No, he's training himself.
Wh-What?
You can tell he wants to get his playing career back on track.
"If I want to marry a queen, I'll have to become a king first.
"I know I'm out of shape, so you're absolutely right:
I'm practically starting from scratch.
No, I'd rather say I'm starting from 'Love'."
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
But it's just a pity that Holmes' disciple is missing.
Yes, I wanted to thank him too.
It's just that, I don't really know why,
but he had to go back to Japan right away.
He found some tickets
and has gone with the earlier flight with the doctor.
Well, give him records.
So much!
Now you can thank the Ay! Yes.
But what a bar!
That girl called me, the Ai Haibara, and told me everything.
She told me that she knew
that you just took the two antidote pills for the Ran,
and that we'd better take you another one.
If he already knew, he could have given me 100, right off the bat!
(Think) "He'll never learn, this one."
-Mail!
Hide session! Yes!
"What a stick! As it has always been my turn to stop."
There's someone in here.
"2, 5, 2! Someone's calling for help!"
We have to demolish the building
and we've been sent to check the strength of the walls.
For men who have posed as workers
and who have locked someone in the building,
that is to say bad men, a couple of delingüents.
Don't miss the next episode:
"2,5,2, emergency code, (part one)."

