(Shinichi Voice) "The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"Everything resonates in an abandoned building,
the rhythmic sounds are the mark of crime."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"2-5-2, emergency code (part one)"
Are you for real, Conan?
You found out the culprit in Wimbledon and the glass catch?
More or less.
Oh, did you?
And what had he done, eh?
It was a terrorist who had caused panic in London.
"He had already blown up two hospitals."
(Shinichi, he thinks) "You're the best, Queen of the Track!"
"That's what I call 'the pass of death'!"
Aaaah!
(Thinks) "My goodness..."
How cool!
I bet you've been on the news!
Well, not yet.
But they do talk about a Japanese kid.
It says here that he called out like a madman when they were playing
and made the game stop.
Is this kid you too? Yes.
I had no choice, so I could catch.
Yeah, you couldn't make yourself known, could you?
In Conan Edogawa does not exist, officially,
and has never been, in England.
(Shinichi voice) Ya.
I recognize that the father deceived everyone.
-Ah, it's in Kamen Yaiba! -(Shinichi voice) Yes?
Is it really?
Hey, look!
It's the new figure that went on sale today!
(Genta) Ah, look!
It's brutal, this figure!
(Mitsuhiko) Yes, yes it is.
And it's so well made!
(Genta) I want it!
I want it!
Hey, look!
There's also the laser policeman.
And what happened next? (Shinichi voice) Eh?
You had promised me, but, of course,
you didn't listen to me and took the antidote.
You turned back into Shinichi Kudo
and ran into the Ran in London, wasn't I right?
Ah, yes.
Thank you for giving me an extra pill.
I hope, for your sake, that you didn't say anything to her.
That you didn't tell her how you feel about her.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey! No!
Let me be!
Seriously, Ran, there's no one who understands you!
What's that?
That for me you're the most complicated case of all!
You're always a jumble of emotions!
It's not like I'm the real Sherlock Holmes,
I couldn't figure you out!
When you like a girl....,
it's impossible to read the heart accurately!
Eh?
I'll remind you again.
You can only go back to your body temporarily,
and as long as you take a pill.
What do you think will happen if you confess how you feel to someone
who's just waiting for you to tell her you love her?
You said it yourself, once, I remind you.
If you tell her, though, she'll miss you more.
Then she'll be even sadder, and you'll have hurt her even more.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yeah, but what else could I do? I couldn't choose."
You may remember that.
At the moment, you still can't show yourself in public, it's like you don't even exist.
If you want to go on living,
you have to live in hiding until things change.
Hey, listen!
Do you want to play in the can?
- (both) Eh? -Yes, we play in it!
It's like playing hide and seek to hide,
and we have the can of juice that you just drank in Genta.
Yeah, so much.
I know a place where we could play.
-Yeah, yeah, come on, come on! -Yeah, let's play the can! -Yeah, let's play the can!
(Genta) Here we are.
It's in this building.
It's here.
I snuck down here the other day.
It's empty inside and there's nobody there.
It's a good place, you'll see.
-Eh? -This place is fantastic.
All right, Genta.
We'll have a great time, playing on the can in here!
(Shinichi, think) "If I remember correctly,
this building has to be torn down next week."

"It's strange, that they neglected to pull down the blinds, that's why."
(Ayumi) Wow, how cool! What?
There's nothing, it's completely empty!
I've already told you! (Conan voice) Hey!
(Ayumi) It's great, this place.
Hey, guys!
Wait for me!
Ouch...
In the end we ended up playing in the can.
Anyway... I'm coming!
-Mail!
Hide session! - (all) SIII!
One, two, three,
four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine, ten!
(Shinichi, thinking) "What a stick! As usual, it was my turn to stop."
"Anyway, I don't think anything will happen."
"We've agreed that if they see anyone or anything suspicious, they'll tell me."
"And I don't think they want to play for long."
"Come on! The sooner I find them, the better we'll go."
Ouch!
You can come out now, I've seen you.
-Huh?
Did he find you too? -No...!
I'm sorry.
But there was little I could do, if we let someone like him stop,
who is always able to guess where the rest of us are hiding.
and has no mercy for anyone.
It seems that his life is going for him.
But what are you talking about?
Why do you say this? Isn't it true?
-Just need to find in Genta, ara. -Not much time left.
The only place I haven't looked is the third and fourth floor.
It must be there by force. (Apparatus: pip-pip)
"Hey, Conan." Eh?
It's Genta's voice.
What do you feel, Conan?
You feel me?
Yeah, what's up?
Tell him. "I think there's someone in the building!"
(All) Huh?! Are you sure?
I just heard noises, like someone banging on a wall.
- (intermittent rhythmic knocking) -Ah!
I feel them again!
(intermittent rhythmic pounding)
"Hey, Genta!"
I feel the knocking again.
A-here's someone in here!
Are you sure?
Are you sure? "Yes!"
Noises are felt, like pecking on the wall.
They feel far away, that's why.
Okay.
And even if you feel them now? No, not now.
I-I don't feel them now.
First I felt them twice, and then five times.
"Then two more times, and then nothing."
(Shinichi, thinks) "2-5-2! Someone is calling for help!"
Isn't 2-5-2 one of the Tokyo Fire Department's emergency codes?
What?!
Yes, my sister told me recently, a few days ago.
She told me to write them down, I could use them.
"2-5-2 is the fire code
for when you are in danger and you want to be rescued.
Also, when you're in a place you can't get out of and need help."
Ah, if in Genta you have felt someone tapping on this code....
is that you are in danger and you are asking for help!
No way!
Anyway, now the important thing is to find in Genta.
We'll talk about it. (Both) Yes.
What, you haven't felt it anymore?
You didn't hear any noise again, while we were coming up here?
No.
Be, anyway, I guess we'll have to look in all the rooms, won't we?
Where were they coming from, the knocking and the noise you heard?
-Huh?
It seems to me that there .- (all) Oh!
- (intermittent rhythmic tapping) -Eh ?!
Was this noise?
But that thing you feel now isn't any 2-5-2.
I guess we'd better go investigate it.
The noise is coming from upstairs.
(Intermittent rhythmic tapping) It's coming from in here, for sure.
You guys stay out here.
We don't know what, or who, might be inside.
It could be dangerous.
(intermittent rhythmic tapping)
-(both) Mm? - (both) Mm?
(both) What is this?
What are you doing here?
Who gave you permission, to come in here?
It's forbidden!
We didn't know that.
What are you doing here?
We have to demolish the building
and we've been sent to test the strength of the walls.
We beat them rhythmically.
Yeah, that's right, the kid.
He gets a song in his head and follows the rhythm.
-Huh? -Come on, stop playing, already.
We still have a lot of rooms left to check
and we'll never finish, like this.
-Yes, sir. -Ha-ha-ha!
And that 2-5-2 thing you felt in Genta, what was it?
The rhythm of the song ten coincidentally matched 2-5-2.
Yes, I suppose so.
Excuse me..., it's just you guys here?
There's no one else?
-No. No, no one else.
That's strange.

According to this they bought 3 servings of prepared food at the supermarket,
for lunch,
and here on the ground are also the 3 empty food boxes.
Two are his.
He eats two servings, for lunch!
Yes.
I swallow them almost in one bite.
But enough questions, children.
No way, in here.
I've already told you.
-You're right.
Come on, let's go.
Marxeu.-Mm.
-Yes, we're leaving now! Go home and do your homework, go!
-You'll play when I've finished! -Yes.
-Let's go, then.
Let's go home.
Don't work too hard!
(Both) No.
Excuse me, can I ask you another question?
How much explosives will you need to bring down the building?
You'll know, won't you?
(Both) Not yet.
Until we've checked all the walls we won't know.
Anyway, it's a big building.
I'm sure it'll take a lot.
Yeah, right.
So it's going to make a fart, is it?
-So much so! -You'll see the explosion?
Of course I will!
Good bye! (Door: closes)
There was nothing strange.
We have run out of case.
Yeah, I thought there'd be at least some murder.
Hey, when they blow up the building,
we could all come together to watch the explosion.
-So much so! -It'll be awesome, right?
No.
There won't be any explosion.
They won't blow up the building.
- (all) What?! - (all) No.
When a building is demolished,
it's usually done with heavy machinery
and you start at the top and work your way down.
It can also be done from the side,
especially if the buildings are in the middle of a city.
What are you talking about?
I've seen it on TV!
Yes, a very big building in the middle of a city.
Yes, I've seen it too.
It makes a big "boom!
and the building collapses.
I'm sure it would be a report from overseas.
In Japan, explosives are rarely used...
to bring down a building.
Yes, but the Haido Museum...
was brought down with a bomb from Dr. Agasa, wasn't it?
Yes, indeed!
The Tropical Light!
-It was great, wasn't it? -Yes!
Yes, it was great!
Yes, but it was because of a very special case.
And the buildings next door were very old and all abandoned.
I had a special permit.
And the doctor just modified the bomb.
He made it so that when the bomb exploded
you could see the colors of the rainbow.
Yes, and also,
the Haido museum was much bigger than this building.
You can see that if they hadn't used explosives,
it would have been very expensive to demolish it.
In Japan, the regulations for using explosives are very strict,
many permits are required.
The building is next to a block of apartments,
it's very difficult for them to let them use explosives.
But supposing the explosives would be blown up,
the explosives would have to calculate very well.
You would have to use the plans of the building
and check the structure with very specialized machinery.
It's not something you make itchy on the walls with a sledgehammer.
But then who are they, these men?
Well, men who have been posing as workers
and who have locked someone in the building.
I mean, bad men, a couple of criminals.
-What?! - They've closed someone down?!
Yes, there was food for 3 people.
Clearly they didn't want it to get out
that there was a third person.
Yeah, but they said that the fat man had bought two meals,
and that he had eaten for two.
But they have used the chopsticks from the 3 boxes of food.
I am not saying that it is not possible
that a man has eaten both meals,
but why did he use all the chopsticks?
And the blows?
The 2-5-2 that he felt in Genta, what is it?
Probably, someone who has felt how we played in the can?
and tried to send a distress signal by banging on the wall.
Someone that these men have locked in here.
In short, there's someone in this building...
who has sent a code 2-5-2.
A kidnapped person calling for help.
In this building there is someone we must save.
In short, in this building there is someone...
who has sent a code 2-5-2.
A kidnapped person asking for help.
In this building there is someone we must save.
But I don't understand.
Why did they do it?
Why do you think they locked her, a person, in here?

But they were both wearing the same dress.
Couldn't they have put them on when they heard us?
The dresses they were wearing, they were already wearing them when they came in.
They are work uniforms, so as not to arouse suspicion when they entered.
If anyone saw them, they would think they were workers.
But if he heard us,
why instead of alerting us using the code 2-5-2,
and knocking on the wall,
didn't he warn us by knocking?
Most likely he is tied hand and foot.
She probably can't call either because she has been gagged.
In this state, the only way she has to call out to someone...
is to kick something.
But we haven't felt any blows for a while.
Is it possible that these men have...?
Don't worry, don't suffer.
It's still alive.
If they had killed her, they would have left the building...
and we wouldn't have seen them.
I figure we're dealing with kidnappers.
Killing the hostage before we close the deal
would be too risky, for them.
They'll have stunned him and have him locked up somewhere in the building.
-What?! - A kidnapping?!
Yes, but don't worry so much.
We report it to the police and case closed.
(Shinichi, he thinks) "The best thing to do is to call Inspector Takagi,
who understands things without too much explanation."
Conan! Mm?
The man with you in the background...
is Kogoro Mouri, right?
Ah, yes, in Kogoro he arrived drunk, I don't know what he touched...
and the wallpaper has remained like that.
I have a picture of me playing with some flares.
I have my cell phone in my backpack, now, later I will show it to you.
I have me in Kamen Yaiba!
Look, Ay, do you like it?
Me, the doctor sleeping.
Well, I have a picture of a lost cat that roams the neighborhood,
but I seem to have lost my cell phone, when we were playing in the can.
-Have you lost it? -Yes, I can't find it.
Shut up for a while, please.
We'll look for it later, now I'm trying to call the police.
(Man) Who did you say you're trying to call?
Damn those brats!
It's enough for them to see us and talk to us for a moment
to find out that we're not real workers.
Yes.
A little more, and we'll get caught because of them.
That's too bad.
I only talked to you guys
to get the evidence I needed.
I'm sorry, but you're too late: we've already called the police.
We've already told them that you've kidnapped someone and closed it here.
Isn't that right, Inspector Takagi? What?!
-What the hell? - No police here!
-Oh, no, shit! -They've escaped!
Anyway, we'll have to pick them off one by one.
Yes, hurry, before they can call the police!
You brats of the devil, where are you?
Come out at once!
Stop it!
You think you're going to make them come out like this?!
If they're not here, they're in another room.
-Come on, we can't waste time. Yes!
(Shinichi thinks) "The best hiding place is behind a door."
Come on, hurry, let's go out!
(Shinichi, thinks) "The time has come to call the police!"
Ah, ah..., ah!
- (children) Eh? - (man) Eh?!
Mail!
Go downstairs and go outside.
I'll be right back! (children) Okay!
(man) Hey?
I've got you!
You won't escape!
(Shinichi, think) "Not so fast."
"I'll start with this one."
Where is he, this damned kid?!
-But-but what happened?! -What happened?! - I don't know, but look at the door.
-Hey, look who's here. -It's--Huh?
This brat's been knocked out!
I don't know what happened, but we got lucky.
Come on, we'd better tape him up...
and close him up somewhere.
Yes.
This one looked the smartest of them all.
I'm sure that's what would have created the most problems for us.
-No! -No!
Someone has locked the door! -Mmm!
-I can't, there's no way! -Now what?!
Clearly these men have closed the door,
before coming to search.
They did not want us to escape, they must have been afraid that we would warn the police.
Where is he, Conan?
He said he was coming after us, right?
It is possible that Conan was taken by those two men.
(All) What?!
These men know that we are down here

and that we can't go out because the street door is locked.
I don't think it won't be long before they come looking for us.
Then we rush selected and call the police!
Yes, we could call them,
but before we have time to explain to them what has happened,
they will already be here and they will have taken our cell phone out of our hands.
Then they will tell the police that we are just kids who were playing.
It's not easy for us to call the police from in here.
They would find us out.
We should do it from outside.
-Yeah, but how do we do it, to get out? -I know!
-We'll try a window and get out! -Impossible.
- (all) Eh?! - Yes, they are armored windows.
The crystals have an iron core and it is impossible to break them,
we can't get out.
-Yeah, but what do we do now? -I have an idea.
I know something we could do.
Hey, do you think they've already called the police?
Don't worry.
We'll say it's a prank by these brats.
-Huh? -Oh! -Oh!
Ah, no!
The bad guys are here!
Especially don't come out from where they're hiding!
Ha!
They think they can hide from us.
Hey, I'll take care of this brat.
-You take the one behind the pillar. Yeah!
-Ah! (can: whistles)
-No!
Don't touch me, leave me alone! -Shut up and come here, you!
Hey, hey, hey!
(can:) Eh?
No!
Hey, there's only the backpacks, here.
No, it can't be.
Don't tell me they've used the brat and the backpacks as bait,
and meanwhile the other kids have fled the other way!
(Door, open)
-No! -Coi de chiquillos!
If they go upstairs, it will be hard word to find them.
(Genta) Run, Mitsuhiko, call the police!
Call him!
-Hurry, call! -Quiet, I'm calling!
(Man) Hey, you brats!
Listen to me!
I warn you, don't call the police.
If you do, we'll kill the girl I've got here,
and the kid with the glasses, you got it?!
- (all) What?! - (man) "Police station, say?"
"Do you want to report a crime, or an accident?"
"Hello? Hello?"
(thinks) "And now..., and now what do I do, me?!"
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
Shit!
Where the hell did these kids go?
Things are getting complicated.
We'll have to set the building on fire and leave.
(Shinichi, thinking) "This looks bad."
"I have to do something, and fast!"
I'll be waiting for them in the stairwell.
Get them to come out of hiding, we'll get them one on each side.
Come out!
I know you around here!
"Don't miss the next episode:
"2-5-2, emergency code (part two)."

