(Mitsuhiko) "Things are looking very bad."
(Mitsuhiko) "The Junior Detective League is in danger."
(Ayumi) "It all started because we wanted to play can."
(Genta) "We've entered an empty building, which they need to tear down."
(Ayumi) "It seemed like a good place to play tin can, a kind of stew to hide,
but all of a sudden, bam-bam, I felt some banging."
"The knocks follow a pattern, 2, 5, 2."
It's a code, the code used by the Tokyo fire department...
to indicate that someone must be rescued or someone must be saved.
(Ayumi) "We searched around the building so that if anyone needed help."
(Mitsuhiko) "But it turned out that the noises were being made by some men
(Ayumi) "But it turned out that the noises were made by men who work for the debris company."
(Genta) "Anyway, we were left with our noses to the grindstone, but then..."
(Ayumi) "In Conan found out that these men were not workers.
"But some bad guys who had kidnapped someone
and had locked her in the building."
(Mitsuhiko) "We wanted to call the police right away,
but the men discovered us."
(Genta) "They stunned Conan, took her and locked her in!"
(Mitsuhiko) "So, we wanted to escape but we couldn't."
"The door of the building was locked.
"And if we tried to call the police from inside....
(Genta)... these men would hear us and get us."
(Ayumi) "But all was not lost,
because the Ai came up with an idea to trick these men."
(Mitsuhiko) "At first, it seemed like the plan worked,
but then they took the Ai and..."
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"Crack the code and you'll win, Junior Detective League!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"2-5-2, emergency code (part two)"
Run, Mitsuhiko, call the police!
Call him!
Call him!
Hurry up!
Call him!
Calm down, calm down, I'm calling!
(Hey, you brats!
Listen to me well!
I warn you, don't call the police.
If you do, we'll kill the girl I have here, and the little boy with the glasses.
-Did you get it? -What?!
(Man) "Police station, say?"
"Do you want to report a crime, or an accident?"
"Hello? Hello?"
- "Speak, what is it? Hello? Esco..." - (pip)
What have you done?
But how come you didn't tell them anything?
I have not seen myself with heart.
You don't understand?
They could kill in Conan and Ay.
-Yes, but what now?
What are we going to do now? -I don't know.
Find a good hiding place, and quickly.
No sirens are heard and no cops are seen.
This means that they listened to me and didn't call the police.
Well, what do we do with these two crooks?
We keep them on the fourth floor in the room where we have the old one locked.
Then we'll have time to look for the others.
Speaking of the old man, are you sure, that this guy has as much money as you say?
Of course he does!
He's loaded, it's coming out of his ears.
Maybe, but it's strange...
that when we call home nobody picks up the phone.
His daughter must be out.
He lives with a daughter who goes to high school.
She's the one who always picks up the phone.
We'll talk to the daughter and have her bring the ransom money here.
After we close it with her father
and, before he takes off, we set the building on fire.
Yeah, good idea.
I feel sorry for these kids, you can't get more unlucky than that.
If they hadn't gone where they weren't asked to go,
they wouldn't be burnt to a crisp by now.
Anyway, I'm going to look for the other kids.
You'd better stay here and keep an eye on these two.
I don't trust them.
-There's no telling what they might do.

At-Your command.
Shit!
Where the hell have they gotten to, these little guys?
-Hey, listen.
It's after 6:00. Huh?
We'd better hurry up, or these kids' parents will miss them
and they can make trouble for us.
-What do you think he's doing, the old man? -Hey!
Yeah, man, the old man we've kidnapped, the one we've got locked in the closet.
Ah.
Well, when I looked at him a little while ago, he was still asleep.
Have you called, at the old man's house, to see if anyone was there?
Yeah, I've called a bunch of times, but there's no way he's answering.
Yes.
Oh, well...
There's something else that worries me, too.
Knowing where the kids are.
Strange, that you can't find them.
Have you looked for them well?
Yes, of course I have.
You think I'm as useless as you?
When I do something, I do it right.
I've looked for them everywhere, and nothing.
(Thinking) "If you've looked everywhere and haven't found them," he says,
"Then it means they must be hidden
in one of the closets in this room."
"They must have come in here before they took Ai and me,
and now, even if they want to, they can't get out."
Things get complicated;
we search-again, and if we don't find them,
we'll have to set fire to the building and get out.
Yes, I can see we'll have to give up the ransom money.
You can start pouring the gasoline now.
I'm doing it now.
What do we do now?
Have you felt it?
They want to burn us alive.
We'll have no choice but to go out and face them.
You're right.
Maybe now is the best time, that fat man is alone.
(tapping)
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
This sound is coming from the Detective League pin.
(knocking) Hey?!
(taps)
-Yeah, I knew it. -It's possible that...
Yeah, look, it's on Conan!
It's on Conan, he's hitting the ground with the League pin.
He has done 5 times, he has stopped,
then twice, he stopped, then 4 more times.
Isn't this the fireman's code you mentioned earlier, Mitsuhiko?
Wait a minute.
The fireman's code "5-2-4" means..... Let's see.
"5-2-4. Wait for instructions."
Huh?
"Ah, very good."
"Above all, don't even think of leaving here until I tell you to."
"So things are getting more and more complicated."
"These guys have kidnapped a man, they've locked her up here in the building,
and they want to demand ransom money from his daughter."
"We came in here by chance to play,
we ran into them and they grabbed Ai and me."
"Now, one of the kidnappers is pouring gasoline...
"With the intention of burning the whole building..,
with us and the hostage inside."
"His partner is looking at Genta and the others,
"But in Genta, the Ayumi and Mitsuhiko I'm sure...
"That they are in one of the closets in this room,
and they can't get out."
"In order to get out of this desperate situation,
"We should try to throw this man out of the room on the fourth floor,
but..."
Ecs!
I'd better pour it out later, when we're about to turn it on.
"Just as I am now,
"With my mouth covered and my hands and feet tied,
"All I can do is to give instructions to en Genta and the others
by hitting the ground with the League pin."
"But what can I do to get this man out of here?"
I'll try calling back to the old man's house, see if there's any luck.....
(ringtone)
"Cell phone. This reminds me..."
Conan! Mm?
The man with you in the background is Kogoro Mouri, right?!
Ah, yes, in Kogoro came drunk, I don't know what he touched...
and the wallpaper has stayed like that.
Me, me, I have a picture that shows me playing with some flares.
I have my cell phone in my backpack, now, later I will show it to you.
I have me in Kamen Yaiba!
Look, Ay, do you like it?
Me, the doctor sleeping.
Well, I have a picture of a lost cat that roams the neighborhood,
but I seem to have lost my cell phone, when we were playing in the can.
"Hey, shut up!"
"My cell phone is the hallway on the second floor,
where I lost consciousness."
"Ayumi's cell phone must be to her backpack, on the second floor."
"Genta's must be somewhere on the third floor, where he's been hiding."

"Al Ay, she was searched from top to bottom by these men...
and they didn't find a cell phone on her."
"I guess her must be to the backpack over there on the floor," he said,
"The backpack that a kidnapper kicked earlier."
"And the one on Mitsuhiko has it."
"The cell phones couldn't be better placed."
(Ringtone)
Shit!
But when does this old devil's daughter plan to come home?
-I'm starting to get fed up! - (man) "Hello?"
(man) Eh?
What?!
That a man has answered the phone?!
(Man) "Ah, yes."
Are you sure you didn't get the wrong number?
I didn't tell you that I called the old man's house.
I hung up immediately, I checked that it was the right number,
I called back and the same man answered.
And what did you do?
Did you say anything to the man who answered?
"Of course I didn't. I thought it was a cop. I thought it was a cop and I hung up right away."
What are you, a donkey?
"How could you think I was a cop?"
"Nobody knows that we've kidnapped the old man, they can't know."
Yeah, but this isn't going as planned.
The old man was supposed to be living with a teenage daughter
and that she was the one who would pick up the phone.
The idea was to threaten the daughter into bringing us the ransom money.
"This is all getting too complicated."
Yes.
It's true that things have gotten out of hand.
Turn on the gasoline and Guillem.
We have no choice but to burn the old man and these brats alive.
Ca-prendemos fire the building and guillem?
Yes, these brats have seen our faces and would give us away!
"This looks bad. I have to do something and fast."
Okay, but what do we do with the brats we didn't catch?
"How should I know!"
(tapping)
Some tapping made with the League pin is heard again.
It sounds to me like 5-5-5 this time.
"5-5-5-5" is the code for reporting by phone.
What do you want us to do now, Conan?
Call the police?
No.
The code to call the police is different, it's "5-5-4".
Yeah, but then, who do you want us to call?!
(knocking)
(taps: continue) Eh?
(Tapping: continues)
(Tapping: continue)
It's itching again.
Yes.
"9-5-3", this time.
"9-5-3" is the code that means the cause of the fire is "playing with fire".
Maybe he wants us to call the police
and tell them they want to set the building on fire.
The arson code is "9-5-1."
Maybe it means we call the person playing with fire, right?
Yeah, but who is it, the person playing with fire?
-We have to call Ayumi's cell phone. Huh?
Yes, he wants us to call Ayumi's cell phone.
She's the one playing with fire.
Yes, in the wallpaper photo she plays with flares.
-Mm? -Hm.
(Man) Don't give me second thoughts, now.
Turn on the gasoline and come down here!
I don't know where they might be, the other little guys, but it's all the same, now.
When they see that the building's creaming all over the place,
it will be too late and they won't be able to get out.
(Mobile)
Hm?
Just a moment.
There's a cell phone ringing.
The brats are on the second floor!
(Mobile)
Hey, where are you?
Come out right now!
All right, and now...
(tapping)
This time it's "6-5-5".
Let's see, "6-5-5".
I've got it.
"6-5-5" means a drunk person.
I've got it!
You have to call Conan's cell phone!
On the wallpaper is the picture with Kogoro, who was drunk.
Hey, what's up?
Have you found them, these kids?
"No. The cell phone stopped ringing all of a sudden."
I guess it's these kids who turned it off.
- (cell phone) -Wait!
Now it's ringing upstairs.
It's another phone, the sound of the call is different.
Okay, I'm going to look at it.
"No, I'm coming. You stay here with the kids, don't move."
-Coi de chiquillos!
What have they done? - (mobile)
Split up and hide in different places?
(Genta) "All right, and now, before I finish going upstairs..."
(Genta) "Direction unknown" ?!
Ah.
Yes.
The code "6-5-8" refers to someone who has no known address.
And what does that mean?
I guess it must refer to a homeless person, someone who lives on the street.
Yes, of course, it must refer to...

to the lost cat that I have on my cell phone wallpaper.
- (gasps) - (cell phone)
Eh? (gasps)
Another cell phone, now?!
Hey, feel another cell phone, on the top floor of everything!
-Mm? - (mobile)
Hey, I feel the mobile from where I am.
I think it's ringing here, on the fourth floor.
I'd say these brats are coming this way, now.
"And finally, to wrap it up..."
-Aviam.
"6-5-2," person dormint.-I know who it is, me.
-It's the Ai's wallpaper. -The sleeping doctor!
Eh? Hm?
Xttt!
I feel like I just felt them right here.
"No!"
Let's see if they're... In one of these closets.
(Mobile: buzzing)
(Mobile: buzzing) Huh?
Wait, wait!
You feel a cell phone vibrating.
Here, in this room.
- "Ah!" - What?
What's the matter now?
"You can't feel it anymore."
I imagine these brats have split up,
now they're looking for each other and trying to contact cell phones.
He blocks the door with something and goes out to look for them, too.
- "Okay." - I'll be waiting for them in the stairwell.
Get them to come out of hiding, we'll get them one on each side.
He-he-he-he!!!
Ouch!
I guess that'll do it.
Hey, you brats, come out here!
Come on out!
I know you around here!
Ah... That's strange.
-You can't hear anything anymore, now... "Here either."
Eh?
Oh!
I found one of the kids' cell phones on the floor in the hallway.
"But-but what's it like?"
One of the kids would be calling his friends' cell phones,
he must have done it to throw us off the scent.
- "Where the hell are they hiding?" - Mm?
Yeah, right!
I know, where they're hiding!
- "In the room where you were!" - What?!
"This whole thing with the phone calls has been a ploy
to get you out of the room."
What do you mean?
That all the kids are inside?
"Yes. The only place we haven't looked is in the bedroom closets."
Shit!
The voices I heard a while ago were them!
Ah!
"Come on, hurry up, and get these brats at once!"
Coi de chiquillos!
What do they think they are?!
Hey, you...
Ah!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, what happened?
Did you find these kids?!
Answer me!
(Man's voice) No, they ran away, they're not here.
They must have told the police by now.
"I don't want to get caught. I play two."
- "You should do the same." - What?
What are you talking about?
No, wait!
Huh?
But, I don't understand why we let the other man run away.
It's true, he was just one man and there are 5 of us.
Don't worry.
Don't worry, they'll catch her.
This one will tell everything to the cops, for sure.
Besides, we've run out of guns.
It's not worth the risk at all, it's not necessary.
Eh?
- (footsteps: approaching) - Eh?
-Did you hear it?
They are footsteps! Yes, and they are getting closer.
The man must not have fled.
Go to the back of the room.
(Thinking) "I have the feeling that.... But is it possible?"
Ah...
Ah... Su-Subaru!
But what are you doing here?
It was dark, and I was surprised...
that the lights at Dr. Agasa's house weren't on.
I decided to go see what was going on and I went to his house,
but the door was open and neither the doctor nor Ai were there.
I was wondering what could have happened,
when the phone rang a couple of times, but no one answered.
Then I thought that maybe they were involved in some case and could be in danger.
and that they might be in danger.
The professor had these tracking glasses at home,
and I used them to locate the Detectives League pines.
That's how I found you, in the end.
So what do you mean?
That the man they've kidnapped is...
Yes.
Someone you all know perfectly well.
Doctor Agasa!
Doctor Agasa!
That the entrance door was open
is because the doctor opened it without suspecting who they were.
They must have been posing as deliverymen,
they have kidnapped it and have closed it here.
As the doctor has patented many inventions...
they must have thought he makes a lot of money and is a millionaire.
"Yes man, poor man."
"Most of the inventions that the doctor makes are garbage
and he's poor as a rat."

So, that very young daughter who still goes to high school is....
It's the Ouch.
They were talking about Ay!
Yes, it's normal, Ai has the voice of an old person.
By the way, Subaru, didn't you run into the other kidnapper downstairs?
Yes.
I found her unconscious by the stairs.
She must have been running away so fast, she must have gotten hindered on her way down.
Subaru is fantastic, it's like Superman!
He saw something suspicious and came to our rescue.
-Yes, you said so.
So you went to look at the house
because you saw that the lights were off?
What's it like?
You've been watching her the whole time?
Yes, you're right,
I've been watching the house all day to see when you arrived.
I made curry for lunch and I had some left over.
I thought I'd share it with you.
-Curry?! - Yes!
Tomorrow we could go to the doctor's house for lunch and have curry, what do you say?
The curry is even better the day after it's made.
(Snores)
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
(Scoundrel) What? !!
He poked at the wall without knowing what the code "2-5-2" was?!
Yes.
When I heard their voices,
I tapped in the hope that he might sense me,
and that he might think to call the police and warn them.
"Look for... the police... now."
"So it was all a fluke."
It's fantastic that he could guess what I meant.
This means that telepathy exists between us.
I didn't think I had an old person's voice.
The answer to a love letter I was supposed to write many years ago?
Does he really mean it?
- (boy) Look, it's this one - how beautiful she is!
Like that play is the most vivid memory I have of her,
the truth is that I remember it all, I have it engraved in my memory.
From the video?
Surely what I had to do was to record it on one of these tapes
and leave it somewhere in the storage room.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The videotape of first love'."

