A project to protect children?
Lately in the city
child abductions have been on the rise in the city lately.
But you came all the way from the police station just to bring this?
Ah, no..., I was investigating a case here...
and I took the opportunity to take care of it.
Au, tell the truth, you wanted to see her.
Flights shut up?
(Thinking) "But we met in the morning, when I gave her lunch."
And by the way, why did you want to accompany me?
Well, because it made me laugh.
I had been a student at this school.
What a coincidence!
I also studied here.
-What class are you from? -I was... I was in the twentieth class.
So you're two years younger than me.
Well, you must remember in Kunigami,
a teacher we used to call the Skeleton!
And so we did.
In fact, he still is.
The students are so afraid of him that they call him Professor Death.
Ahem...
Well, well, we have to go.
But, uh, it's been a long time since I've been here, around the school.
Would you mind if we stayed a little longer for a walk?
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you have to be honest with yourself."
"A classmate from elementary school."
"How will Inspector Chiba's first love end?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"The videotape of first love"
That we are looking for a video about crime prevention?
Yes.
Today at lunchtime the police brought me this poster.
That's why tomorrow, in ethics class,
I'd like to show a video about crime prevention.
And do you know why we have to look for it, the video?
If you know that it is the storage room of the audiovisual room,
why don't you go look for it?
Because... because I have a teacher's meeting afterwards and...
Come to think of it,
you haven't shown us the video of your singing contest yet either.
I know what's wrong with you: you're a mess looking for things.
Ah... You're right.
It's just that there are so many videos in the storage room of the audiovisual room
I don't even know where to start!
Many labels are half erased,
and there are tapes that have one label on top of the other.
It's impossible to know what's what!
And so, since you know so much about looking for things, you want to be in charge of it,
you want to be in charge of looking for this tape.
Yes, of course...
How can there be so many tapes?
And it's true, the labels are half erased.
And there are also many tapes that have more than one label.
Besides, they are not sorted by years either.
-It won't be easy to find it. -That's true.
Let's let it go.
We members of the Junior Detective League are very cautious,
and we don't need to watch this kind of video either.
No one is ever cautious enough.
Because, no matter how cautious you are,
it may well be that a person you don't know at all, wants to harm you,
is following you without you knowing it,
or you have him next to your house.
Shouldn't you be talking about Subaru?
If you are so worried about it,
why don't you stay over at the detective agency?
No way.
Well, how are we going to find the videotape?
If we look at all the tapes, one by one,
sooner or later we'll find the one the teacher asked for, won't we?
What?!
You want to watch all the tapes?!
We don't have to watch them all.
The teacher has asked us for help.
This means that she has already come to look for it,
that she looked on some shelves and didn't find it.
Even if the labels are a bit blurry,
you can understand what she is saying.

In addition, it would be unthinkable that in such an important educational video
another label has been put on top of it, can't you find it?
I-and so, why didn't you find it?
You haven't found it because I don't think
it's any of these VHS tapes that are on the shelves.
It must be stored somewhere else.
Here, for example.
There's a good chance it's a Beta tape.
Look, I've found it.
This is it.
Ah!
There's also the tape of the lady's singing contest!
Ah, I get it.
Miss Kobayashi's teacher
must have been in love with Beta videos.
Do you know what it is, a Beta video?
Yes, there used to be VHS tapes and Beta tapes,
but it seems that in the end Beta tapes disappeared.
Oh, did they?
And why did they disappear, the Beta tapes?
I don't know.
Maybe because they were of lower quality?
It wasn't because of that.
Beta format was better than VHS,
both in picture and sound quality.
Also, the tapes were smaller.
Connoisseurs liked it better.
Inspector Chiba!
Of course, the length of the tapes was shorter than VHS.
I guess that's why they eventually stopped selling.
What-what are you doing here at school, Inspector Chiba?
I'm here to hand out posters
for a crime prevention project
and I took the opportunity to walk around.
I studied at this school, and I've had a bout of homesickness.
Very well, but that's no excuse to hide in the audiovisual room.
No, I was looking for... the answer to a love letter I wrote.
(All) What?
The answer to a love letter I was supposed to write many years ago?
Do you really mean it?
You bet.
I was from the Communication Club.
We once recorded a play,
we broadcast it at lunchtime and it was a great success.
Then, as we had nothing to lose,
I proposed to do a live play
and perform it at the school's arts festival.
What happened is that one of my classmates liked the idea very much.
really liked the idea,
she encouraged a lot of people
and in the end we ended up doing the play with special effects.
I thought she was also a fan of special effects,
but I soon realized that she wasn't that interested in the subject either.
And when I asked her if she really liked the special effects,
she said...
No, it's not the special effects that I like.
What's the matter, that you have to explain everything?
That you're stupid?
And when she told me that, she turned red.
The next day I wrote her a love letter.
But maybe she meant something else.
-No, she didn't mean anything else! -That's exactly what she meant.
Yes, that she liked you, that girl.
You mean ?!
And why do you think the answer to your letter should be here,
in the storage room of the audiovisual room?
You received the answer, but you lost it here?
Ah, no, no.
Soon after I got a letter from her,
replying to me, by mail.
-In fact, even though I got it, you couldn't give it to her in person?
No, suddenly, that girl had to change schools,
and the letter was given to her the day we had her farewell party.
And she sent the letter from the new address?
But, who didn't... there was the answer, to the letter she wrote to him?
I-I thought it would be there, too,
the answer to my love letter, but in the letter it said:
"Dear Chiba, it would be easy to write how I feel about you in this letter,
but since I don't know if you'd understand it,
I will leave it hidden in the storage room in the AV room.
I hope that, in this way,
my feelings will leave an engraved mark on you
that you will never forget again.
Oh, I get it.
I'm hiding the answer somewhere in this storage room
because only you could find it, right, Inspector Chiba?
That's right.
After I read the letter, I came running here...
and rifled through everything,
but I didn't find anything that looked like a letter.
And have you seen each other since then?
In the 13 years that have passed we have never seen each other again.
And she has never gone to any alumni reunion.
And how is it that you decided to look for that letter just now?
Because she called me the other day and said

that she was going to the alumni meeting next week.
I told her that I would also go and she replied that after all this time maybe she had forgotten everything.
that after all this time maybe she had forgotten all about it,
but she wanted to know if I had seen the response from the video.
"From the video?"
So what?
What did you answer her, you?
I told her the truth, that she didn't see it.
And then she told me: "Okay, all right", and immediately hung up.
Why did you tell her that?!
What-what did you want me to do?
The truth is that I hadn't seen it.
Now, wait a minute, if he said "the video answer",
surely what he's supposed to do is record it on one of these tapes.
and leave it somewhere in the storage room.
Exactly.
I also thought the same thing, and that's why I came.
The new guy I came in didn't look at the contents of the tapes.
So what?
I understand you haven't found it yet.
No, I haven't.
I have chosen all the videos that I liked the most
and I started to watch them in a hurry,
but there are a lot of them.
But when you arrived I stopped watching them.
So let's search together!
We are going to be here for a long time, if we have to watch all these videos!
We don't have to watch them from the beginning to the end.
If she added something in any video,
she should have done it at the end of the tape,
after what she had originally recorded,
so that it would be easier to find it.
Of course she did!
I get it!
This means we only have to look at the ends of the tapes!
(thinks) "Yeah, I'm starting to get sick of it too."
I guess this isn't it either.
-So what?
How many are left? -None.
This one was already the last one.
What?
But we haven't seen the special effects play yet.
No, it's just that in the end that tape was confiscated by Professor Kunigami.
How can that be?
"Come to think of it,
Professor Kunigami was the advisor to the Communication Club."
But...that's okay.
As that play is the most vivid memory I have of it,
the truth is that I remember all of it, I have it engraved in my memory.
More or less.
Oh, is that so?
And what is it, what have you done now with this tape?
Yes, how come you've opened the lid?
I have the habit of doing it.
My older brother worked in a video rental store,
and his boss would always tell him that when he got a tape back.
he had to lift the cover
and check that it had been rewound to the beginning.
He got into the habit of doing that.
He even did it with the tapes we watched at home.
I thought it was a good idea and copied it for him.
It's a habit I picked up from my older brother.
And how long have you had this habit?
Well, I guess since I was in third or fourth grade.
And when did you record it, that play?
It was at the end of sixth grade.
Yes, because I remember that was the year she changed schools.
Haibara, bring me a paintbrush and a glass of water.
Look for all the tapes
that have labels stuck on top of each other.
At that time Mr. Kunigami was already stingy and miserable.
I'm sure that all the tapes he confiscated
he erased them so he could reuse them.
What do you mean "back then"?
How would you know what it was like back then?
Yeah, you just do first.
Because... It's all the same.
It doesn't matter now.
There are a lot of them.
We'll have to look at them too, all these?
There won't be.
See, if you run a wet brush over the label on top,
you can read what it says on the one below.
Fantastic!
On the first one!
It's the tape of Inspector Chiba's play.
But it says "Kamen Baiyin".
Because it must be a parody of Yaiba.
But the answer to the inspector's letter is here, right?
Not recorded,
but if that girl was aware of the custom in Chiba
of opening the covers of tapes,
we'll find the answer when we open the cover.
What?
There is nothing, under the cover.
"How can that be?"
What-what happened, Conan?
How come there's nothing written?
"How strange!"
"I was almost convinced that the message would be here, but..."

This perhaps means that the message was left by the video.
Yes, you are right.
Let's play it, so we'll know right away.
Nothing, then.
It wasn't recorded here either.
Maybe when they re-recorded over it, they erased the message.
No, that can't be right.
They did record over the tape,
but at the end there was still the last scene of the play.
And then, there was nothing else recorded.
Come to think of it, that little girl was in the last scene of the play.
Would you like to see it?
Look, this is it.
Thank you, thank you very much, Kamen Baiyin!
How beautiful she is!
Isn't she?
She called herself Naeko Miike,
and all the kids in my class were in love with her.
-It's... -It's impossible.
It's impossible.
It's very strange that a girl as pretty as her would notice you.
What did you think?!
Are you sure, that this girl liked you?
Do you remember if you did anything to make her notice you?
The truth is, it was many years ago, and I don't remember anything in particular.
Only that I made her cry once.
-Did you mistreat her? -That's too bad!
No, I never mistreated her!
I only remember that she cried.
I think it was a day we got out of school late,
because we'd been doing stuff at the Communication Club.
"I know we were at a crosswalk and she suddenly started crying."
You're an idiot!
Let me be!
She said that to me and ran home.
I guess she must have wanted to get home earlier that day, I don't know.
And you forced her to stay.
So you could give her a kiss, surely.
No, no, I would never do that to her, anything like that!
Well, it would be because of something he had to tell her.
Do you remember if you told her anything that might upset her?
The truth is that I also remember
that I fell very hard on the ground while I was following her
and I still remember that I got a cut on the palm of my hand.
And then that little girl treated the wound, didn't she!
No, she didn't!
She was far away and I didn't even see him, he had fallen.
Oh no?
No, but, because of that fall...
I got the mark of the scar, look, you can still see it.
"The mark..."
"Come to think of it, the girl, in the letter, also spoke of a mark."
" 'I hope, in this way,
"My feelings will leave an engraved mark on you...
that you will never forget again.
"Sure, I meant to say that I would leave a mark on your body!"
"Sure, I got it!"
-You know what happened, in Conan? -Yes, in fact the whole face.
Yes, I've already brought up the question.
You, Inspector Chiba, when you were little...
you were very prone to sweating, weren't you?
Actually, yes, yes, I did sweat a lot all the time.
I was quite chubby, but not as much as in Genta.
But what does this have to do with the message on the videotape?
When you open the cover of a tape,
you have to put both hands on the sides to hold it, right?
Well, that little girl wrote a message here
with a water-based ink pen,
because knowing that Inspector Chiba's hands were sweating,
she knew that when she picked up the tape, it would be marked on her palm.
Obviously, the message must be written backwards,
so that it can be read well.
Fixeu's to him.
This is the proof of what I have just said.
I have opened the cover and my hand is stained with red ink.
Ah.
He wrote the message with red water-based ink...
next to the black tape,
which is a place no one normally touches..,
to make sure no one else could read it.
But it's been 13 years.
You mean we can get it back?
Now you'll see.
All we need is a little piece of paper,
we wet it a little bit, we put it on top of the side of the tape,
take it out very carefully,
and look, here's the message he left for the inspector.
It says "I like you too"!
It says "I like you too!
-Yes, she liked me too! How cool!
She's going to the alumni reunion.
When is it?
It's... it's tonight.
That's so cool!
So you have to go!
Yes, but even if I tell her that I could read her message...
No, you don't!
You have to go!
After 13 years you finally knew how I felt about you, didn't you?

Well, how can you think that he won't be happy?
Ah.
But what are you doing here?
I'm sorry, but I overheard you.
(Naeko) "No, it's not the special effects, it's what I like."
(Naeko) "What's the matter, you have to explain everything? Are you stupid?"
What?
She didn't come, Naeko?
No, she had a last minute problem.
And she was really looking forward to coming.
The other day she told me
that she could finally be with the person she liked.
-But-but what did he mean by that? -I don't know, maybe he got married.
(He thinks) "And now what shall I tell them, that scoundrel?"
"All I was missing was this, a parking ticket."
"I wanted to see if it was there and I would have been able to park again right away,
but with the bad news they gave me..."
Don't worry.
It's all right.
I hadn't sent the information yet.
And since I had left the engine running,
I guess I was planning to come right back.
Yes.
And being a police inspector,
it shouldn't happen that he would turn a blind eye.
But what did you think?
We must be the first not to commit infractions!
We must all respect the laws!
Besides, I had not parked here for work reasons.
I have committed an infraction and I have to pay for it.
Will you give me the receipt of the fine, if you don't mind?
Yes, sir, right away.
Actually, I've just made myself look very good,
but the 15,000 yen fine I'm about to pay will taste serious to me.
And by the way, how did that officer know that I am a police inspector?
What happened?
Did you have any problems with this man who had parked badly?
No, on the contrary.
Are you absolutely sure you don't want to go to that alumni meeting?
-If you want to, there's still time. Yes.
Actually, I've never been to any of the ones they've done so far.
And, to tell you the truth, it would be a little strange for me.
Besides, right now I just ran into the one person I wanted to see.
Too bad that, for the moment, from what I've seen,
I got the impression that he had forgotten about me.
So, that friend of yours from childhood...
now works as an inspector in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police?
Yes.
And, as I have been confirmed that I will soon be transferred to the headquarters,
I'll finally be able to work in the same place as him.
I had thought that when he meets me, I will confess to him how I feel about him,
if he still remembers me,
but, of course, life is not always all rosy.
What are you saying?
How can he forget about a girl like you!
What you have to do is to forget him.
He looked like a Pocapena.
No, don't say that, he's not a Pocapena.
He's still as handsome and as tender as ever.
(Thinking) "Besides, I was the little girl in the house...
"And my parents loved me and protected me so much,
that they had never scolded me."
"On the other hand, that day he..."
I'm going home, I want to watch TV for a while.
-What are you doing?
You can't go through! -What are you doing?
The traffic light is still red!
Let me stay.
It's all right.
Can't you see there's no car coming?
Besides, no one will see me.
I'll see you!
And you'll also know that you've crossed!
If you get used to breaking the rules now, you'll end up doing it out of habit!
Bad habits are very hard to break.
How can you not know something like that?!
Oh!
"It's exactly... that nothing has changed in Chiba."
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
-What?! - So, you gave him pumpkins?!
I guess what was supposed to happen happened.
Do you really mean it?
In fact, we had already said it, that she was too pretty for you.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Come on, we need to keep looking for information.

Yes.
Especially that it stays between us, all this.
Yes, yes, yes.
Easy, easy, easy.
Yes.
This I heard was interesting.
I'll have to explain this one to the Sato.
Excuse me..., if they said that someone gave him pumpkins,
that means he doesn't have a girlfriend, right?
Yes, I suppose so.
About that, I... it seems we haven't introduced ourselves yet.
I've just been transferred from Haido police station.
My name is Naeko Miike.
It's nice to meet you.
Come into the O.R. of Terror
and tell you if the zombies are well done?
Ran, if you're not able to enter it,
you won't be able to tell Shinichi how you feel either.
Ah... I'll take her to the hospital!
Put her back where she was!
It's possible she's been poisoned by cyanide!
Cyanide?
Don't miss the next episode:
"The Operating Room of Terror (part one)".

