(Shinichi Voice) "The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"The screams echo the O.R. of Terror
and fiction becomes reality."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"The Operating Room of Terror (part one)."
-The concert starts at 3.-Mm-hm.
Who wants fried noodles?
The best fried noodles in college!
Contestant number 5,
English major, Alisa Arisugawa!
(People) Oooh!
For loading the sets,
we won't be able to do the second performance tonight!
Would anyone like a cool drink?
There are still two more UFOs to go.
-Like this one? -Yes!
Come to the cosplay photography studio!
(Woman) I have the pleasure to introduce to you
a former student of Beika University,
the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
(Woman) Good morning! - (cheering)
How do you feel, at your old university?
-Are you feeling very nostalgic? -Yes, a little.
The buildings are as crazy as before.
But... the girls, they're getting prettier every day!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!
I was afraid of that.
When she told me that she had to make a speech
to his old university,
I was afraid he was going to chase girls.
Maybe so, but the fun of these acts is that you are yourself.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Well that, with Kogoro, is a problem."
And then?
How was it, in London?
Did you have time for yourself, too?
I remember you told me that you ran into Shinichi by chance.
Yes..., sort of.
Don't tell me that you and Shinichi did forbidden things.
What... what do you mean?! L-listen, speaking of London...
Shut up, Conan!
I didn't ask you anything!
This is grown-up stuff, and children shouldn't get involved!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Sonoko, you have no idea."
Well, I guess that Sherlock Holmes fanatic...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sonoko, you don't have a clue.
Ah..., in fact, it turns out....
What?!
You mean Shinichi proposed to you?
Please!
Keep your voice down, Sonoko!
Ah, I see this boy has finally decided to grow up.
But..., from what you've told me, you did cheat a little bit.
Don't you understand?
Didn't you say you're a detective, you?
Well if you are, make an effort to try to figure out what I'm feeling!
Idiot! Hey!
Wait, Ran!
Where are you going?
Ran!
You wait!
Hey!
No!
Let me be!
Seriously, Ran, there's no one who understands you!
What's that?
That for me you're the most complicated case of all!
You're always a jumble of emotions!
It's not like I'm the real Sherlock Holmes,
I couldn't figure you out!
When you like a girl....,
it's impossible to read the heart accurately!
Eh?
I'd say the glass to press for her to propose to you.
Maybe she did.
But then... you told her the truth, didn't you, Ran?
The truth?
What do you mean?
"Oh, you're serious? It can't be, I can't believe it!"
I've always loved you too!"
Això.com you wanted me to tell him this?
Do you think I should have said something?
Of course, woman.
If you didn't say anything to him, maybe now he thinks you're not interested.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He's an idiot. It was written all over his face."
Listen to me, what you have to do is to call him and tell him!
I want to feel it! What?!
(Shinichi, think) "No! Don't call me now, huh?"
I want to tell you the story of the 108 bags
that every detective must have.
The first one is the bag of wisdom.
Wow!
How he rolls, this man, I think he will never finish.
For once a detective comes to campus,
now I won't be able to show him.
Eh? Eh?

Hello, I am Kogoro Mouri's daughter.
What do you want to show my father? Maybe you want me to investigate a case?
Oops, no, it's something else.
Since you are his daughter,
I suppose you sometimes accompany him to investigate.
Well... yes, sometimes.
Yes, and so much, many times.
Then, I think you'll be useful to me.
Eh?
What?!
Come into the O.R. of Terror
and tell you if the zombies are well done?
Yes.
Since you've investigated many cases with your father
and you've seen many crime scenes,
you'll be able to judge if ours is realistic.
Ah, entesos.
But...
We are students in the Humanities Department,
and we're finishing our film degree.
As a final project, we want to shoot a horror movie.
We have a colleague who thinks she knows it all
and has told us that our work is not realistic enough.
And we've asked her to explain it to us and show us how we should do it.
(Girl) I think... she's talking about me.
Aaah!
Who are they, these girls?
When will you come, Sleeping Kogoro?
In Kogoro Mouri won't come,
but we've brought you her daughter and a friend.
As he often accompanies his father,
Ran has seen many corpses.
Understood.
Take a look at everything and go-explain to your father.
And then tell him to come and see us.
Ana, it's very late, we have to start the show.
But what are you waiting for, Mutsumi?
You haven't even put on your make-up yet!
You're right, you're right.
But if I do my own make-up, you won't like it.
I'd rather you do my make-up, and I'll save myself a lot of useless work.
Oh, you're a hopeless case.
You're a hopeless case.
All right, we'll let you in for half an hour.
Above all, it's in your best interest to show them the part where you do the zombie.
Okay, I'll show them the part where you make a zombie.
Do you think this dead woman is convincing enough?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
She's like that.
No, I'm sorry, I don't want to come in.
It's okay, it's all right.
There are only actors in there.
Yes, but... when you saw her, you were scared too.
That's because... I was taken by surprise.
(Shinichi, thinking) "Sure, woman, that's the fun of it."
Ran, if you're not able to go in,
you won't be able to tell Shinichi how you feel either.
That's why you have to do it.
Take out everything you have inside.
If you pass this test,
you will become a strong, mature and brave woman.
(Shinichi, think) "Please..." De... right?
(Man and woman) Aaaah!
It's so scary!
-I almost died! (Man and woman) -Yes.
You see?
We'll have a great time.
If it's true!
If you are too scared, I offer to come in with you.
Think he knows where all the mechanisms are.
Great!
Won't you join us?
My friend wants to go in too.
What are you doing, Sonoko? It's okay.
It's just scary at first.
Ai...!
(Man: chuckle) Eh?
-Yes. -Okay, you know what to do.
-Is it clear to you? -Yes, don't worry, don't worry.
Come on, this is only the beginning of the route.
Marrec, don't get lost, eh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "But how do you want me to get lost?"
"Can't you see that I'm being carried on your back?
"Even if they're not professionals, they're not bad at all."
"A little over the top."
I wish I could have seen all this in Hashiguchi.
Me too.
At Hashiguchi he was the one who got these projects going.
The Horror Operating Room, and our film.
And where is he now?
Have you left the university?
No.
-He committed suicide with a glass of green. -Yes, it's only a month ago, that's all.
What?!
His doctor told him that he had an incurable disease,
and that he only had 6 months to live.
We found a note where he said he couldn't stand it and had decided to commit suicide.
and had decided to commit suicide.
And it turns out that the person who found the body....
"...it was the two of us and the girls from before, the Mutsumi and Anna."
For a while I had a lot of nightmares.
Oh yeah?
After Hashiguchi's death,
Anna became obsessed with the film,
and now she says it must be a tribute to our friend.
Right, Tsujiei?
Eh?
Tsu-Tsujiei?
What-what's wrong? Where's your friend?
I don't understand, a moment ago he was here with me.
Alright, I'll go look for him, you guys wait for me outside.

The exit is up ahead, straight ahead.
(Both) What?!
H-he said to-straight ahead...
Y-you can't see anything in here.
(Both) Oh!
Look, it says "operating room" in front of it.
Excuse me, hi.
That's loud! Looks like they're operating on someone.
It's Anna, the girl we saw earlier.
But the doctors who are operating on her are all mannequins.
The exit is that way.
Well... we'll have to go past the operating table.
Yes... (cardiograph: discontinuous pip)
What's the matter?
Did he get really scared?
Now watch this.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! -Aaah!
Yes..., you're right.
It's all a set.
-Eh, just kidding! -You guys are a little over the top.
Look, Anna is really weird.
Yeah, every time she sprays them with blood...,
"...she opens her eyes, stands up and laughs like a demon."
Come on, wake up!
Ana, don't be lazy.
Come on, you still have to make us the little number of your death!
Hey, say something, Anna!
Say something, Anna!
Hey, look!
He doesn't seem to be breathing.
-Hey, Anna!
Wake up, Anna! -Anna!
Hey, guys!
(Shinichi, think) "Her mouth smells like bitter almonds.
(Shinichi thinks) "Her mouth smells like bitter almonds."
-Hey, Anna!
Answer me, Anna! -Get out of the way!
I'll take her to the hospital! (Conan voice) Leave her where she was!
Her mouth smells like bitter almonds.
She may have been poisoned with cyanide.
(Conan) What? Cyanide?
Smells of almonds?
I don't smell it.
I don't smell it!
When combined with stomach acids,
cyanide forms hydrocyanic acid, which is toxic!
If you inhale it you could die!
I saw it on a cop show,
where they explained all about the poison.
Th-that almond smell
is not the sweet smell of ripe almonds.
It's the bittersweet smell of green almonds,
and of almond blossoms.
From... really?
So, this means...
this poor girl... has committed suicide!
Tell me something.
Is there any chance
that the victim took the poison in front of you?
Yes, there is.
It's probable.
Entesos.
And who was she, this girl?
Ana Tadami, a student of Literature and Performing Arts...
at Beika University.
-Is it... the same person? -Yes.
Mm? No, I mean...
With this monster makeup,
it doesn't look anything like the college ID photo.
So, on what basis...
to say that Miss Tadami committed suicide?
She seemed to us to be suffering a lot.
We were looking for the exit and we had to pass this way...
And then, when we were just at the height of the table...
He started having convulsions!
"And he was moving his legs spasmodically."
And the operating table started to shake.
And then there was a gush of blood coming out of his belly!
Blood?
Hey, didn't you say she died of poisoning?
Yes, that's right.
But the coroner hasn't arrived yet and we don't know the exact cause of death.
Her mouth smells like bitter almonds,
and between her teeth, she has something that could be a piece of capsule.
We think he has taken a poison.
The spurt of blood was just a trick.
What does it mean?
There's a switch down here, that's what it's for.
Hey!
Oh!
Oh, it splashed?
The lightning always goes the other way.
But it's dye water, it goes fast.
When the bed shook, this was a mechanism?
Yes, you could say so.
The right leg of the headboard....,
"...and the leg on the left diagonally,
are shorter than the other two."
In this way, the person lying on the operating table,
only has to move his body a little bit to make it look like everything is shaking.
And the movements of the legs, have you also made them with a mechanism?
No, that's impossible.
Only the person who is pulling here could have done it!
-Hey, w-wait! -You see?
I have already told you.
The only thing you'll find are the fake blood deposits.
Please don't touch anything without asking permission.
Yes, exactly.
I remember the red painted toenails.
We saw them when you pulled the feet out of the sheet, didn't we?
Mm.
With the convulsions, the sheet slipped.
"We saw her right foot."
All indications are that she took the poison
as they passed the head of the operating table.
Question.
Apart from yourselves, was there anyone else, near the victim?

Especially near your face.
I don't think so.
There was little light, but I'd say there was no one there.
If someone had given him the poison, we would have seen it.
By the way, when his convulsions started, where were you?
-You want to know where we were?
I put this on and approached from behind,
without them seeing me.
I went in with the girls to accompany them,
because if not, I made them too scared.
But then I separated from the group and went to prepare some things.
Hachiya and I had planned to play a joke on them in the operating room.
Yes.
When we separated, I went to prepare my part of the prank.
And where were you? I was in the X-ray room.
Waiting for people to pass by, to scare them!
And then what happened?
I heard a scream, and as no one came in, I got nervous.
Ah.
And why?
Because to get out of here...
you have to pass by force through the operating room and the x-ray room.
And I came to see what was going on,
and then I saw Anna... Anna...!
Go on, Mutsumi, go wash your face.
Do you know that your make-up has slipped off?
That you don't realize that Anna is dead ?!
-How can you be so calm?! -How can you be so calm?! - We are not calm at all.
When Hashiguchi committed suicide, I felt the same way.
-Oh!
Suicide? -You're policemen, you should know.
The case of the senior student of Beika University,
who committed suicide a month ago with a glass of poison.
Ah, yes.
Some classmates went to look at his apartment
and found the body.
The classmates were Tsujiei, the Mutsumi and me,
and Anna also came.
In Hashiguchi it was very lively with the production of the film we want to shoot.
we want to shoot.
But he missed a whole week of class.
We were worried about him,
and one day after school we went home.
"We rang the doorbell, but he wouldn't open for us."
"We thought maybe he was sleeping, or who knows what,
and we said we'd come back another day."
"But suddenly, Anna..."
Something happened to her.
Let's get the doorman and have him open the door with his key!
And when we were able to enter the apartment...
There they found Mr. Hashiguchi's corpse, with the glass of poison.
That's right.
And next to the body, his suicide note.
"I haven't been feeling well for a while, and I've been to the doctor for tests.
They told me that I have a very advanced sarcoma,
and I only have 6 months to live.
Finish the job yourselves,
I'll go ahead and go to the other world a little earlier.
And... then, the police told us one thing:
that he had died while we 4
were in class at the university!
Since then, Ana was never the same.
Yes, she became obsessed with the film....
and started to work hard on the Horror Operating Room.
Yes, but she wanted to finish the projects of a friend who died...
it's very normal.
No, that was not normal at all!
He took an overdose of sleeping pills
and ended up in the hospital.
He said he wanted to experience the boundary between life and death
to make it much more realistic.
-Am I right? -Yes.
One day I was very quiet,
until I discovered I had a mouth full of nails.
C-keys?!
Imagine that Ana...
put the capsule in her mouth to live an experience!
That's right!
Just like she did with the nails.
And imagine that she has bitten it unintentionally.
And instead of experiencing the boundary between life and death,
he has only experienced death.
Then, we can conclude that the victim has committed suicide.
I wouldn't be so sure.
What?
Conan?
Just look at this lady's cheek.
This isn't makeup, these are real scratches.
And she even bled a little.
I think someone violently covered her mouth.
"She resisted, and got the scratches herself."
What?!
What do you mean by that?
Inspector!
She has traces of skin and blood under her fingernails!
What?!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's a murder, and someone wants to make it look like a suicide."
Who has taken advantage of the darkness
to give Anna poison and murder her?"
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata

ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
-Mutsumi, confess, it was you! -What?
Then the murderer is you, because you're also faster than Mutsumi!
So, it was you, now don't pretend!
Don't move your feet to make you feel guilty!
(Shinichi, think) "There are red stripes on the sheet."
(Think) "When we saw her, Anna was already dead."
"The murderer is one of these 3!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
"The Operating Room of Terror (part two)"."

