"Beika University, where she studied at Kogoro Mouri,
has invited her to give a talk on campus."
"La Ran, Sonoko and I have accompanied her there," she said.
"And we've met at Sonsaku Tsujiei,
"A film student who wants to show us an attraction
that he has organized with some classmates, the Horror Operating Room."
"Because of her father's work, the Ran has seen a lot of dead bodies,
and Tsujiei wants her opinion on the zombies in the show."
"We also know Anna Tadami,
who takes great pride in her portrayal of a zombie."
"Shortly thereafter, we see Anna playing the role
of a woman about to die in an operating room."
"But, suddenly, she starts having seizures and actually dies."
"The cause of death is cyanide poisoning."
"At first everyone thinks he's taken the poison and committed suicide,
but I'm not fooled."
"They have murdered her and made it look like suicide."
"Everything indicates that the case has to do with the death of Hashiguchi,
a colleague who committed suicide a month ago."
"Who has taken advantage of the darkness to give poison to Anna
and murder her?"
"The moment you decide what you want to do in life,
you must be honest with yourself."
"A macabre crime at the university,
and the mystery of the spasms of a corpse."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Hito ni wa sorezore samazama yuzurenu mono ga ario.
Sore wo Mamori Nuku tame nara tatakau no ga honnou.
Boku to kitara gomakashi tsudzuke
moves Nannen tatsu Darou.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kono kokoro ni Muchi utte miyou.
Asu wo Kaeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
Do not wanna lie.
Do not wanna lie.
Ikiteru to kanjite itai.
I wanna try.
I wanna try.
Kimi to tomo ni aruite yukitai.
Jinsei wo Kimeru moomento
sore ga ima Kamo he.
"The Operating Room of Terror (part 2)"
From then on, Ana was never the same.
Yes, she became obsessed with the film....
and started to work hard on The O.R. of Terror.
Yes, but she wanted to finish the projects of a friend who had died is normal.
No, that was not normal at all!
He took an overdose of sleeping pills
and ended up in the hospital.
He said he wanted to experience the boundary between life and death
to make it much more realistic.
-Am I right? -Yes.
One day I was very quiet,
until I discovered I had a mouth full of nails.
Nail-keys?
Oh!
Imagine that Ana...
has put the capsule in her mouth to live an experience.
Exactly like she did with the nails.
Like she did with the nails.
And imagine that she has bitten it without wanting to.
And instead of experiencing the boundary between life and death,
he has only experienced death.
Then, we can conclude that the victim has committed suicide.
I wouldn't be so sure.
Eh?
What?
Conan?
Just look at this lady's cheek.
This isn't makeup, these are real scratches.
And she even bled a little.
I think someone violently covered her mouth.
"She resisted, and got the scratches herself."
What?
What do you mean by that?
Inspector!
She has traces of skin and blood under her fingernails.
What?!
You mean someone has put the poison capsule in his mouth
and then held his mouth and nose until he swallowed it?
If so, by the time Ran and the others arrived, she would have been dead,
and that's not what they saw.
She had convulsions and was moving her legs spasmodically, right?
Ah, yes.
Of course she was!
Now I understand.
Now I understand what happened.
Sonoko.
The murderer got in before us,
made Ana swallow the poison...
and hid under the operating table.
He started kicking and pulled up the sheet
until Anna's leg was visible.
"And that's why we thought she was alive."
"The murderer has sneaked out of his hiding place and left."
The murderer can only be one person.
Mutsumi, confess your crime, it was you!
W-but what are you saying?
You are small enough to hide underneath the operating table
and get away without us seeing you.

And besides, you're the only one wearing flip-flops!
If you have to show your feet, they are easy to put on and take off!
But what are you saying!
Why should you take off your flip-flops to show your feet?
-That doesn't make any sense! Then you're the murderer.
Because you're also short and on top of that you're faster than Mutsumi!
You idiot!
Do you know I have a sprained ankle?
I can walk more or less fine,
but I couldn't kick it because it hurts too much.
You see?
I'm wearing a bandage.
How do you want it to be me?
So, it was you, now don't pretend!
Don't move your feet to make you feel guilty!
No, they itch a lot because I have athlete's foot.
Hey, why do you have red sneakers?
Eh... I don't... I don't know,
maybe I've stained one slipper with the other.
-It's fake blood. -You must have stepped on it.
Why did you hide under the operating table?
After the effect of the lightning,
the fake blood accumulates on the right side of the table.
Be that as it may,
any one of the three of you could have hidden under the operating table
to make it look like the victim was alive
when Ran and others have entered.
Then he would have walked out of the operating room and walked back in as if nothing had happened.
-No!
This is not... That is impossible.
As you can see,
there are mannequins dressed as doctors on both sides of the table.
If someone had come out from down here, they would have tripped and given themselves away.
If he had wanted to get out from the unobstructed side, these girls and the boy would have seen him,
these girls and the boy would have seen him.
And besides, the envelope is missing from the operating table.
-Look, it's just a frame. What... it's just a frame?
Yes, it was Anna's doing,
because she said that this frame made more noise than a normal table.
Yes, and because it's so uncomfortable,
when the other actors have to play this role they always complain.
Anna may have thought that if she scratched herself and blood came out of it
she would get a more realistic effect.
-Del Ana, I would not be surprised.
Then, maybe she got sick.
Mhm.
(He thinks) "No, this scratch has been made...
because they have covered his mouth and he has resisted."
"I don't understand."
"How did he handle it, the killer, to make it look like she was alive?"
"On the bottom of the sheet, at the level of the legs,
there are some red stripes."
"Is it water-based paint?"
"Maybe it's fake blood."
"Wait a minute! Sure, now I get it!"
"Under the bed there's a cardboard box...
and a piece of sheet with adhesive tape on it."
"There's no doubt about it. The murderer has hidden it under here."
"To make it look like Anna was alive and fake her death in front of us."
Anna!
Anna!
Anna!
(Cries)
And then?
What is the cause of death?
The pink saliva indicates
that the cause of death has been the ingestion of potassium cyanide.
Understood.
We also checked the tubes and the mask he was wearing when he died.
"After analyzing them, we have come to the conclusion...
that they have no connection with the incident.
So that the capsule, he had it in his mouth.
Yes.
We detected high levels of cyanide.
But the abrasions on the cheek worry me a little.
Because I've been told,
there are witnesses who saw her having seizures.
In this case, the only explanation...
is that she bit the poison capsule herself.
The fact that she was wearing a mask..,
rules out the hypothesis that someone put the capsule in her mouth.
Wow.
It looks like this girl put the poison in her mouth
because she wanted to know what it feels like when you're about to die.
Where are we going to end up!
Inspector, can we go, we?
It was a suicide, or rather, an accident.
Yes, but first go to the police station with Inspector Takagi...
and sign the statement.
What's that?
Where is Takagi?
If you're talking about the policeman, a boy with glasses called him and took him away.
What's that?
Why? I don't know.
Hello!
Sonoko says she's already solved the mystery,
and that if we go to the operating room she'll explain everything.
Eh?
"Very good."
"I've shot her with an anesthetic dart,
and I put a loudspeaker in the collar of his shirt."

"Now I'll imitate it with the voice transformer."
Oh!
What is the meaning of all this?
Sonoko!
Anna died because she accidentally bit into the cyanide capsule she had put in her mouth.
she had put in her mouth.
What do you mean, you've solved the mystery?
(Sonoko voice) The key is the marks on her cheek.
Someone has put the poison capsule in his mouth,
"Anna has bitten him and died of poison."
"The murderer acted before the Ran and I entered the operating room."
When we saw him, Anna was already dead.
The Mutsumi was in the X-ray room next door.
Tsujiei and Hachiya also entered the operating room,
after a few moments.
The murderer is one of these three.
Very good.
You two saw that Anna had convulsions, right?
Ah... Yes.
She started shaking.
And she was kicking too.
So she...
It looked like he was having convulsions, but it was the table that was shaking.
So, how do I explain it, the kicking?
"The sheet slipped and you saw his feet, right?"
Ah... Yes. (Sonoko voice) Didn't you notice?
The operating table is a simple frame, it doesn't have a solid top.
If there was someone underneath, don't you think they could do something?
(Sonoko voice) What?
Someone, underneath?
I get it!
The killer has grabbed his legs from underneath,
"And started to move them as if he was having convulsions
and kicking."
How so?
Ah!
Hey, who's down here?
Who's down here?
Come out right now!
Hi, I'm jo.
Conan!
I did what Sonoko told me to do.
"I put my arms through the holes in the frame."
What did you think? I don't know.
When we saw Anna, the legs moved much faster.
But now, the bottom sheet was also moving, the effect is different.
And also, if the top sheet had slid mass,
"The killer's hands would have been exposed
and this would have given him away."
So, what do you think...
Huh?
...this?
Eh?
Inspector Takagi?
He's doing the same thing he's done in Conan,
sticking his arms out through the holes.
But now, the movements are much faster.
And the bottom sheet isn't moving.
It can't be!
There's no one at the table.
Where do they come from, these feet?
It can't be, impossible!
What's that?
The legs come out from underneath.
The sheet is cut into two pieces.
May I know what's going on here?
What? Takagi!
Takagi!
Ah.
Hello.
It's very easy.
He took the sheet from the bottom,
"and folded it up to where the knees would be."
"Then he took a piece of sheet that he'd previously cut out,
and taped it to the main sheet with adhesive tape."
"The switch that makes the stream of blood come out,
"he put it through the junction between the two sheets, and that's it."
"Then all he's had to do is pull the legs out through the holes," he said,
"like he'd done before in Takagi, and start kicking...
until the top sheet slid down and her legs showed."
"The effect was as if Anna was having convulsions caused by pain."
"Next she surprised us with the spurt of blood."
"And taking advantage of this distraction,
"she pulled her legs back in and put on her shoes."
"He peeled off the piece of sheet and put it under the table,
"and discreetly slipped out
on the side that was farthest away from us."
All right, let's recap:
the murderer entered the operating room before we entered.
"He forced Anna to take the poison, and killed her."
"Then he prepared the trick of the sheet, and when he heard us,
he began to shake the frame with both hands."
That's why we thought Anna was alive.
And then she left the operating room slyly, and came back in as if nothing had happened,
and came back in as if nothing had happened.
By force, the murderer must be...
the person who entered the operating room right afterwards.
Aaaaaaaah !!!!
What's the matter?
Did he get really scared?
Now watch this.
Ha-ha-ha!
Aaaaaaaah !!!!
Yes.
He's right.
It's all a set.
Hey, guys!
What happened?
Got it.
So, any one of you could have killed Anna.

Hey, it wasn't me!
And if the murderer had removed the legs through the holes,
the top sheet would have slipped off,
and Anna's legs would have been seen as well.
Yes, that's right!
If he had seen her legs, the trick wouldn't have worked.
The killer knew that.
To solve the problem, he bent her legs outwards.
What are you talking about?
This trick would have been visible when the sheet was pulled aside!
The murderer had it all planned.
Didn't he?
You said you wanted to take Anna to the hospital,
and then you took her in your arms.
I will take her to the hospital!
Am I right, Sonsaku Tsujiei?
I understand;
we didn't notice that her legs were bent...
because he held her in his arms.
No!
That's a lie!
I thought Ana was sick and I wanted to help her!
One question.
How is the athlete's foot?
While the victim was lying on the operating table,
you put the capsule in her mouth and you covered her face
until he swallowed the poison.
"To prevent the table from moving
"And that would prevent you from immobilizing the victim,
you wedged the shorter leg on the right with the slipper."
"But you forgot that that's where the fake blood collects."
"That's why on one slipper you had a red stain, more or less square."
But you didn't notice it until the police arrived.
"That's why you told us you have athlete's foot,
and that you rub one slipper with the other to make your feet itch."
"But you actually did it to hide the red spot."
Yes, but something doesn't add up:
if we hadn't made you a guide,
this whole set-up would have been useless.
Exactly;
we've brought you to see the Operating Room of Terror...
because the Mouri couldn't come.
This was no accident.
From the very beginning,
your goal was to convince the Ran to come in here.
...the first is the bag of wisdom.
Wow.
The way he rolls, this guy, I don't think he'll ever finish.
For once a detective comes on campus, now I won't be able to show it to him.
Ah... Hello, I'm Kogoro Mouri's daughter.
What do you want to show her, my father? Maybe you want me to investigate a case?
Oops, no, it's something else.
As you are his daughter, I suppose that sometimes you accompany him to investigate.
Well... yes, sometimes.
Then, I think you'll serve me.
Eh?
(Sonoko voice) "You did it expressly:
You mentioned the Mouri and brought us all the way here."
You thought that two frightened girls
would be the ideal witnesses.
You offered to accompany us, and then disappeared,
apparently to prepare for the prank you wanted to play on us in the operating room.
"You had everything you needed under the table,
"And when you reappeared,
you were wearing some kind of terrifying helmet."
Nonsense!
You don't have any proof!
All right, if you're innocent, show us athlete's foot!
Ah.
But...
At one end of the top sheet I found some red stripes.
"These stripes were made by you...
when you put your feet through the holes in the frame."
"When you bent his legs,
you noticed something that could give you away."
"Anna had painted toenails."
You must have traces of nail polish, though.
To pretend your feet were Anna's feet,
you painted your toenails.
Oh, come on. I get it.
I get it.
When you pulled your feet out through the holes in the frame,
the nail polish hadn't dried yet,
and that's why you left these red lines
on the inside of the sheet.
Yes.
As the Mutsumi wears flip-flops,
and Hachiya has taken off her shoes and showed us her foot,
the only one who could wear painted nails is you.
-Hey, is that true? -But why did you want to kill her?
Ana and I, we had many discussions...
about how to interpret the dead realistically.
One day I got tired of listening to her,
and asked her if she'd ever seen anyone die in real life.
And then she confessed it to me.
Of course I have!
I have seen her die so many times that I also see it when I dream!
What... what does it all mean?
I asked Hashiguchi...
to videotape her death.

Since he wanted to commit suicide, I took the opportunity.
-No... it can't be... serious?
When we found the body in her apartment,
Ana was very upset, wasn't she?
"She was beside herself, and she started shouting, 'Call the police!'
'Look for the suicide note, it must be around here!'"
- (Hachiya) "And you think he took..." - (Tsujiei) "Yes."
"He told me that he took the tape from the video camera
that was camouflaged on the shelf."
That's why... I wanted him to suffer as much as he suffered in Hashiguchi!
"I told him that I had to touch up the black paint on his mouth."
I broke the capsule with my teeth
and then, I put it in her mouth and she died of poisoning.
Instead of helping him not to kill himself, I encouraged him to take his own life,
she encouraged him to take his own life.
She had 6 months left!
In 6 months, he could have finished the film.
It was our final project.
But she wanted him... to kill himself.
(Cries)
("Tsukiyo no Itazura no Maho", Breakerz)

Omoidasu no wa aoi Gekkou.
Te wo Futter USHIRO Sugata
ano hay kimi wo tsuresatta.
Kokoro kara kokoro kara kimi ni tsutaetai.
Ai shiteru ay shiteru todokanu Omois.
Yume Naraba yume Naraba kimi ni aeru no ni.
Inori todokanai KEDO...
Tsukiyo no itazura no mahou kimi wa kage ni toraware.
Shingetsu yami ni hisomu you ni kimi no Sugata ga mienai.
Kimi wa CHIKAKU ni iru no ni.
Ah...
(Yawns)
"How strange, Kogoro hasn't made an appearance."
And now, bag 104, which I assure you everyone has.
It is the bag of patience,
and we detectives need large doses of patience...
What a fortune.
Encara hasn't finished speaking.
"He-he! Roll up like a shutter."
They have received a letter
warning you that you're going to steal my dear... Kaito Kid, girl.
Strong, isn't it?
But listen, I'm sure there's nothing in this exhibit...
that Kaito might be interested in stealing.
In the exhibit is the holster Shinsaku Takasugi gave him..,
gun in it and all.
"Tomorrow at 8 o'clock, I will come to return the famous pistol. Kaito Kid."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'In Conan vs. in Kaito Kid for Ryoma's treasure (part one)'."

