...to clean up our Japan once and for all.
What?
Let's see, Ran, who said these words?
Wow!
They really ring a bell, but I don't know.
Ryoma Sakamoto.
Yes sir, Ryoma Sakamoto wrote this sentence...
on June 29th, 1863
in a letter to his older sister, whose name was Otome.
Oh!
But how can you know all this, Conan?
They said it the other day on TV.
He-he-he...
And listen, why are you saying Ryoma Sakamoto's phrases?
It's just that a week ago at my uncle Jirokichi's Suzuki museum
there is an exhibition about Ryoma Sakamoto.
And now they have received a letter telling them that he's going to steal...
my dear...
Kaito Kid, girl.
Strong, isn't it?
When you talk like this, Sonoko, I don't think I know you at all.
I'm so motivated.
I'm very passionate about this whole Ryoma thing.
But, listen, I'm sure that in this exhibition...
there's nothing that Kaito would be interested in stealing.
Shut up, ignoring!
In the exhibition is the holster Shinsaku Takasugi gave him as a gift,
with a gun in it and everything.
A holster? Yes, sir.
A beautiful holster with a huge ruby embedded in the buckle.
Are you sure it's authentic?
There's also a letter from Ryoma talking about this holster.
And besides, a very famous expert said it was totally authentic.
Well, if your uncle Jirokichi bought it,
it must surely be authentic.
It's just that he couldn't buy it.
What?
The owner of the holster wanted to set up an exhibition about Ryoma...
and he didn't want to sell him the holster.
When my uncle saw that he wouldn't be able to buy it from him,
he offered him the museum to set up the exhibition.
Oh... Ah!
And now it turns out that the Kaito Kid wants it too.
Man..., I wouldn't exactly put it like that.
(Thinking) "Yeah, right."
"We'll melt the fog that surrounds love and crimes
to see them more clearly."
"In Kaito Kid announces by letter that he will come to compete for a treasure."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"In Conan vs. in Kaito Kid for Ryoma's treasure (part one)."
(Man) What?
He says he's coming to return some stuff he stole?
This is what it says in this letter Kaito Kid has sent?
Yes.
"There are 3 things that he would like to return to the exhibition
that is being held about Ryoma Sakamoto.
Therefore I will appear in a few days.
Sincerely, Kaito Kid ".
Wh-what 3 things are they?
The man who organizes the exhibition, Mr. Shishihiko Taruma,
in organized another one about Ryoma 20 years ago
and there the 3 objects disappeared:
an unfinished letter that Ryoma started to write to his wife the night before the
the night before he was murdered,
a cup that was stained with Ryoma's blood when he was murdered.
when he was murdered
and finally,
the pistol he had hidden in his pocket at the time.
It was a Smith and Wesson Model 1.
But it seems to me that these things he didn't steal from Kaito.
No.
It was the Woman of the Twenty Faces of the Showa Era,
also called the Phantom Lady.
We don't know what the relationship is between Kaito and this thief,
but after stealing those 3 items,
the Lady stopped committing any more robberies
and, after two years, she appeared in Kaito.
Therefore, he may have been her disciple.
Damn Kid!
And when does he plan to appear?
This we do not know.
It can not take long, from what it says in the letter.
Yes, but without a concrete date, we are at a disadvantage.
What we have to do is to close the exhibition
and let the people stay in the street.

If you want to return the stolen goods,
you can do it by hiding in the crowd.
That's right, Inspector Nakamori:
if you say you're here to return stolen goods, let's make it easy, shall we?
But is that, Superintendent?
Besides, if we want to hunt in Kaito,
first of all we have to get him to come.
Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki, who has received the letter,
said some wise words:
"In a rat trap,
the entrance must be wide and the exit narrow."
Hello, Uncle.
Long time no see!
Yeah, since that case in my safe.
Hi, good morning.
Hello.
Oh, gee!
What a line of people wanting to come in!
Yes, Ryoma Sakamoto is a very famous historical figure,
but with this whole letter thing...
Ah, if the exhibition had been set up by me,
I would have made more of a fuss with ads in the press and on TV,
and I'm sure the visitors would have multiplied by I don't know how much.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Uncle, tell me something:
How did you give up your museum
because someone else is organizing an exhibition?
-You never do.
Y-You're right.
I didn't want to do it at first,
but I couldn't let them do it at an amateur's house,
knowing that in Kaito would go to steal.
-An amateur? -Yes.
The promoter of the exhibition, Mr. Shishihiko Tarumá,
has set up other exhibitions
taking advantage of the fame of historical characters
such as Yoshitune or Nobunaga,
but because he doesn't hire a good security company,
every time thieves come in and steal from him.
Why didn't you buy the holster from him?
That he wanted too much money?
Ha-ha!
On the contrary, he offered it to me at a good price.
But as he didn't want to let me value it
or show it to me before buying,
but I don't know if it's real or fake.
(Sonoko) I was told that it was appraised by a famous expert.
Is it true?
-Yes, it's true.
But I don't know if that will be enough
to attract the interest of a thief like in Kaito.
Not to worry: Kaito has bitten.
Although it seems that it's not the holster that really interests en Kaito.
is not the holster,
I can assure you without a doubt
that this item is what Shinsaku Takasugi gave to Ryoma.
Isn't that right, Mr. Hanamura?
Of course it is!
After thoroughly analyzing the leather, I can assure you that it is authentic,
and the large ruby is a marvel.
In addition, we have a detailed drawing...
of the piece that is the work of Ryoma himself.
Therefore, we can say that the holster is authentic.
(Think) "Masanosuke Hanamura."
"There is no doubt that he is a great expert,
but I know he charges a pretty penny for his appraisals."
"That must be why he does so few."
Girls, would you like to see these authentic pieces with your eyes?
Even though the exhibit is not open to the public, I can get them in.
Oh!
Is this Ryoma's famous holster?
Actually, it looks exactly authentic.
And it's true that it's the same as the one drawn on the letter.
But I can't read what it says.
Neither can I.
"In the past, American men...
used to carry this object called a 'holster'...
"hung around their waists.
It holds the pistol and several bullets,
and it's like the belt where we carry our sword scabbard.
What I can't understand at all is that New Yorkers today don't walk the streets of the big city
don't walk the streets of the big city
with an object as useful as this.
That's what I said.
These are typical Ryoma words.
Yes, it's true.
Hey, what's that fat vase?
Ah, this is a vase
where they say Ryoma hid when he was playing as a child.
It looks like he couldn't get out of it and had to be taken out.
Ah.
And there we have a statue of the Buddha that he venerated
and even a "Kendama" that he had requested a lot from his parents.
"Come on, you've put anything."
Oh!
And what is that hanging there?
It's a scroll where one day he wrote a text against the government of the time.
a text against the government of the time.
I was thinking about it.
It must be said that it's not sure it's authentic either, eh?
"Naturally."
Look, if you don't trust my knowledge as an expert,
when the exhibition is over we'll let you have the whole thing analysed
by the specialist of your choice.
Naturally, I will have it analyzed.

Yes, of course, on the condition...
that you manage to save these objects
from the dangerous hands of the Silver Moon Wizard.
Of course, of course!
Because, as we have agreed,
security is your concern here, Mr. Suzuki.
I know that.
I don't trust these two at all.
But maybe he's calm
because he has all these objects insured for a lot of money.
I thought the same as you, my boy,
but I asked around and they're insured for very little.
And the ticket price is so cheap,
if anything gets stolen, you'll lose a lot of money.
Come on, man, tell me what you plan to do.
I'm sure you have a strategy.
Come on, tell us.
Yeah, I just don't...
What? You really don't have anything prepared?
You really don't have anything prepared?
-Yes. -Oh, you!
It's not that strange.
If I knew that Kaito wanted to steal, I would have planned something already,
but if you want to come and return stolen items, I won't stop you.
You must keep in mind that the three objects are small
and very easy to hide.
Besides, I've already had enough work preparing the place
for him to leave them.
"Space reserved for the objects I return in Kaito Kid".
If the letter had given any clue as to when he plans to come,
maybe I could do something, but of course...
What?
So, he said he would come but hasn't said when he would?
No, he hasn't said when.
And so far, in all the announcements he's made,
in Kaito he's always given clues as to the day or time he'll show up.
I-Inspector Nakamori! What?
So, maybe the letter is from an imposter impersonating him?
No, we have no doubt that whoever wrote the letter is the Kaito Kid.
Ah, maybe he plans to send a letter later on?
to say the day and time he plans to appear.
Surely he has a very full schedule
and is waiting for a time when he doesn't have so much work.
"If this were true, what could he be waiting for, that one?"
What a crowd-pleaser, right? Mm-hm.
"But what attracts the most people
Is the place where in Kaito must return the stolen items."
"Ryoma must be crying."
Hey, don't give pushes.
- (alarm) - (people: shouting)
Hey, wait a minute!
"Ah, gee!"
"I see they've only installed one sensor on that piece of it.
and that they have plainclothes policemen infiltrated among the visitors."
E-excuse me.
I just... I just did it to play.
"It's all designed so that if any suspects show up,
they can stop him in his tracks."
-Excuse me, please. (man) Mr. Suzuki!
-We have a problem, Mr. Suzuki. Why are you shouting so loud?
They just found this in your mailbox at home.
T-This is a letter from Kaito Kid.
What does it say? What does it say?
"Tomorrow at 8 o'clock, just before closing, I'll come to return the famous gun...
(Kaito voice)... and in the name of the great patriot Ryoma Sakamoto,
I promise that I will clean up Japan once and for all.
Kaito Kid."
(Exclamations of enthusiasm)
"What does this mean?"
"Clean up, water..."
"No way!"
(Trona)
"Rain! Maybe this was what I was expecting in Kaito."
I'm back to clean up Japan again.
Alert.
(Man) As you can see, the queue is very long.
When they learned that Kaito Kid had announced
that he would commit the crime tomorrow at 8 o'clock,
his fans began to gather
in front of the Great Suzuki Museum
even though it had already closed its doors.
Will the Kaito Kid show up as he has announced
to return some objects stolen 20 years ago?
We are talking about a letter, a cup and a gun?
that belonged to Ryoma Sakamoto.
Now, he intends to steal the holster, in exchange for returning these objects?
And finally, with what intention did you announce...
the day and time of his appearance?
We hope that all these questions will be answered tomorrow.
(Nakamori) What?
The rain, you say?
Do you think Kaito waited until he knew it was going to rain...
before announcing when it would be here?
Yes, it looks like it's going to start raining any minute now...
and the forecast for tomorrow is for rain all day.
But how does he plan to use the rain for his plan?
Maybe he plans to blow the roof off the halls
where Ryoma's exhibition is located.

No, the staff thoroughly checked the building before the opening,
and found no explosives hidden in any corner of the museum.
Perhaps what counts is how people will be dressed.
If it rains, I'm sure a lot of people will come to the museum dressed in raincoats.
Yes, of course.
And then he'll have a much easier time hiding in the crowd.
Yes, ma'am.
I'd be very surprised if Kaito had expected the rain
for such an unserious reason.
But anyway, I think that tomorrow...
we should cancel the exhibition about Ryoma so that no one will come in.
We should stay here and hide and wait for his visit,
"And when he enters the empty museum to return the 3 stolen items,
we should all surround him and stop him at once."
I remind you that, in other situations similar to this one,
he has disguised himself as you or your subordinates...
and, in addition, he has used gas to put them to sleep.
True, but we have learned from our mistakes and it won't happen again.
Tomorrow we will put on masks
and use passwords so you can't fool us.
If we can get no one to interfere,
I'm sure that tomorrow will be the day we'll be able to hunt him down.
I'm sorry, but I can't agree with you.
Getting all the objects
and organizing this exhibition has taken me a lot of work,
and I want as many people as possible to see it.
Close the exhibit, even if it's just for one day,
because a thief said he would come, seems to me totally unjustifiable.
No, but I just don't...
Besides, I remind you that the time you teleported,
Kaito was on the verge of not carrying out his plan
because the police wouldn't let people enter a place.
I am absolutely convinced that that thieving bastard
will come to return the 3 items that were stolen from me 20 years ago.
Above all, I don't want him to go back.
That is why I ask you not to prevent
people from coming to visit my exhibition tomorrow.
Ultimately, whether you succeed in capturing Kaito...
only depends on your capabilities.
Also, remember that your priority is to protect something very important.
I have heard very insistent rumors
that after returning the 3 objects,
Kaito will want the star of this exhibition in return.
I'm talking about the holster that had belonged to Ryoma Sakamoto, naturally.
Well, we trust you and your men, Inspector.
Yes, we do!
If you trust us, why don't you cooperate?
Actually, we have a problem.
If the museum is crowded,
it will be very easy for you to return the 3 stolen objects.
I know how we can prevent this from happening.
You'll see: read again the letter you received this afternoon.
"Tomorrow at 8 o'clock, just before closing, I will come to return the famous pistol.....
and, in the name of the great patriot Ryoma Sakamoto..,
I promise that I will clean up Japan once and for all."
What makes you think this? It's easy.
Tomorrow, instead of coming to steal,
in Kaito will come to return 3 stolen items,
and one of them will be a gun.
If we put one of those metal detector arches that are in the airports,
we will be able to guess which of the visitors is in Kaito.
The alarm will sound because of the gun.
Yes, very good thinking.
How clever you are, Conan!
Ha!
We had already thought of such a great idea.
But our superiors don't agree.
Oh!
Why not?
Because in order to protect the museum from a possible robbery,
we should install the arch at the entrance,
but if Kaito were to see it before entering,
he would surely let go of the idea of returning the stolen objects.
This is very easy to fix:
instead of putting it at the entrance,
we put it at the door of the room where the exhibition is located.
and we put a lot of them there so that there are no queues and they are not so visible.
-Hey, kid... What a brilliant idea!
And while we're at it, we could install X-rays...
to see what's inside the bags and backpacks.
Calm down, calm down.
I remind you that Kaito said he would come tomorrow.
It takes a lot of means and we don't have time.
Don't worry, with the help of Suzuki Financial Group..,
there won't be any problem.
The one caught thanks to the metal detectors,
and if anyone backs out when they see them and doesn't want to go through,
we'll know it's Kaito.

This plan cannot fail.
Come on, you can start installing the metal detectors now.
You have one night to turn the museum into a giant booby trap
to hunt Kaito down like a rat.
Yes, sir!
(Think) "You have to be rich to know how to give orders like that."
Listen to me everyone:
there is also the possibility
that Kaito came to the museum earlier to leave the gun.
Go get metal detectors to check all the corners.
Yes!
(Radio: male) "Front door agents, how do we have the situation?"
All correct.
No one has reacted strangely when they have seen the detectors.
"Anything new to the metal detectors?"
Nothing new.
We haven't found anyone here carrying a gun.
"And in the exhibition room?"
At the moment, there is no indication that in Kaito Kid is in this room.
- "Are you sure he'll show up?" - Don't be a donkey.
Every time he said he would come, he has kept his word.
"Ah! Sorry."
(Think) "Come on, Kaito, introduce yourself."
"I promise I'll show up this time."
Oh, what a change!
It really looks like an airport security checkpoint.
They have installed 3 arch detectors.
Quin uno, my uncle!
It's great.
(thinks) "There's something I don't understand:
"If you wrote in the note.
" 'I will come to return the famous gun and the other objects',
one could already think that he would find these measures."
"Moreover, although I do not know what advantage the rain will represent to you."
"And the last sentence of the letter,
" 'I will clean up Japan once and for all,' I don't know what you mean."
"Is he using Ryoma's words to make himself look intellectual
or is it true that you plan to clean up something?"
"Come on, Conan!"
"What does he really intend in Kaito? I have to know."
("Pilgrim," B'z)

Ikusi no hanabira ga kaze ni maiodori.
Momoiro no col no Younes michi wo yokogitteku.
Mitsuko mitines mono
modotte wa Kona toki.
Nanigenai kotoba wo sasayaitara.
Kimi wa té wo nobashi
Kono te wo nigirishimeta.
Meguro megutte mata kimi to deatta.
Kisetsu ga boku wo tsukamaeru.
Mae wo muite Goran yo shinjite Goran yo.
Mirai wa itsumo kawarou to shiteru.

(Shinichi voice) 17 centimeters?
More or less...
More or less like this, isn't it? Kaito!
This time I've only come to return some stolen items.
Let's go in after them?
Shall we go in after them? Mm-hm.
(Conan voice) If it were up to you, I wouldn't go in.
It seems to me it's true that Kaito wants to clean up in here.
(Conan) Oh!
(Conan) Huh?
Kaito Kid!
Don't miss the next episode:
"En Conan vs. en Kaito Kid for Ryoma's treasure (part 2)".

