(Shinichi voice) "In Kaito warned by letter that he plans to act."
"But this time he says he will appear.
"To return to its owner the one stolen from him by another thief:
Are 3 objects that had been Ryoma Sakamoto's."
"Kaito's appearance.
"It will be the exhibition organized by Mr. Tarumá
"And his advisor, Mr. Hanamura,
the Great Suzuki Museum."
"The star of the exhibition is a holster with a ruby on the buckle
that Shinsaku Takasugi gave to Ryoma Sakamoto."
"Rumor has it that in passing Kaito wants to steal the holster."
"They say so because the pistol is one of the objects
that he has announced he will return."
"That's why they have installed metal detectors
at the entrance to the exhibition."
"But there is something that worries me:
With this method will we really be able to capture the thief?"
"We will melt the fog that surrounds the love and the crimes
to see them more clearly."
"It's unbelievable: he's coming to return a treasure."
"But anyone who carries headlong into Kaito?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"In Conan vs. in Kaito Kid for Ryoma's treasure (part two)"
(Radio: male) "Attention, entry agents, how do we have the situation?"
All correct.
No one has reacted strangely when they saw the detectors.
(Radio: male) "Anything new to the metal detectors?"
Nothing new.
Here we have not found anyone carrying a gun.
(Radio: male) "And in the showroom?"
So far, no sign of Kaito Kid in this room.
(Radio: male) "Are you sure he'll show up?"
Don't be a donkey!
Every time he said he would come, en Kaito has kept his word.
(Radio: male) "Ah..., sorry."
(Think) "Come on, Kaito, introduce yourself."
"I promise I'll show up this time."
Oh, what a change!
It really looks like an airport security checkpoint.
They have installed 3 arch detectors.
Quin uno, my uncle!
It's so cool.
(Shinichi, thinks) "There's something I don't understand:
"If he wrote 'I'll come to return the gun and the other items',
you'd think he'd come across these measures."
"Besides, though I don't know what advantage the rain will be to him."
"And the last sentence of the letter,
'I will clean up Japan once and for all,' I don't know what you mean."
"Is he using Ryoma's words to make himself look intellectual....,
or is it true that he plans to clean up something?"
What, we might pass, right? (Conan voice) Yes.
(Shinichi, think) "Let's go over the entrances to the exhibition:
"The hallway on the other side is a dead end,
therefore, you can only enter through the door."
"And the only other entrance is the toilets."
"But inside each toilet...
"There is only one window,
and with this grille it's impossible to enter from outside."
"Therefore, it is now impossible to get a gun in from outside."
Conan.
We entered the showroom. Yes, yes!
Oh!
But what a crowd there is!
"We regret to inform you that the visiting time for this exhibition has been limited to 10 minutes.
has been limited to 10 minutes."
"Please, after 10 minutes you must leave the room."
You can say whatever you want, nobody's going to move, right?
Mm-hm.
Hey, I know it's still two hours before the time he said,
but it could be that Kaito's camouflaged in there, right?
I'd be surprised if he got in,
because you can't go in with a gun.
Besides, in Kaito he didn't announce that he was coming to steal,

but to return objects that had been stolen by another.
Maybe it has become enrere.
Hey, who was that other thief?
As you may not know that the stolen items:
Ryoma's last letter, the cup stained with his blood...
and the gun he had in his pocket when he was murdered..,
were stolen 20 years ago by a very famous thief?
She was called "the Phantom Lady" and who was this lady?
In addition to this name, she had another one:
"The Woman of the Twenty Faces of the Showa Era".
She was a terrible thief,
but since she only stole from people and companies
who had become rich by taking advantage of others,
everyone was very fond of her.
But she sure wasn't as good as my esteemed Kaito!
I don't get it:
How is it that what turns the objects is on Kaito and not this Lady?
How should I know!
I guess they must know each other.
Maybe, because they are both thieves.
Excuse me, but I have to go back to the toilet, eh?
What are you doing?
Go on!
My goodness, what a lot of people there are!
It looks like the first day of the sales.
Aaah!
Oh!
Sonoko, did you hurt yourself? Oh...!
Who gave me a push?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Phantom Lady, Phantom Lady..."
"It's this one!"
"I see that there is no doubt
that the one who stole those items 20 years ago was the Phantom Lady."
"No one knows why, after that theft, she didn't commit any more."
"Oh!"
"Apparently, she sent letters to warn of further thefts...
"And signs were found that he had forced some doors,
but he didn't commit any more thefts."
"The last thing he stole was Ryoma Sakamoto's gun,
a .32 caliber gun about 17 centimeters long."
17 centimeters?
About...
(Man) More or less, right?
This gun is mentioned in the letter
that Ryoma sent to his sister Otome
on June 24, 1867.
This letter talks about a pistol about 17 centimeters long
with a 5-round magazine,
and it is said that although it is smaller than a dagger,
it can kill a person from almost 100 meters.
You know it.
Kaito!
(Shinichi, think) "The door won't open!"
"He's blocked it with that piece."
How did you get in with the gun?
Did you go through the entrance? Yes.
I took the lead out of the grip and passed through as if it were nothing.
And it's lighter that way;
although it wasn't easy to get in that many, to be honest.
(Shinichi, thinking) "What does it say about the lead? And what does he want that he has entered so many?"
"I don't understand."
I remind you that this time
I've only come to return some stolen items.
Therefore, do not meddle, great detective.
Goodbye! (Shinichi voice) (Shinichi voice) Wait!
No!
(Man) Hey, are you sure it's all under control?
Just think, if the police come hunting in Kaito...
Don't worry.
You know that Kaito slips away like an eel.
When he's disappeared again,
we'll make a lot of money again.
But remember, he's coming to bring some stuff back, not to steal it.
You don't have to suffer for nothing, man.
You just have to think that I've got it all figured out.
(Conan's voice) Excuse me, sir... Mm?!
Did you hurt your finger? No, no, AHM...
This morning I was examining an antique sword and I cut myself.
Ah.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow! It's already in the room where the exhibition is?"
"Where is it? Where did it go?"
(Conan voice) Ah!
Hey, no!
Ah, it's you!
I'm sorry, but I was afraid that you'd be scared of being esclafessin.
So short and in the middle of so many people...
This is already tight,
and I'm sure that when the announced time approaches, it will be worse.
And now, Sonoko! What is this spot you have on your face?
What's this stain on your sleeve?
It looks like there's something written on it.
"Metal piece?"
"A metal piece?" What's an encrypted message?
Hey, Sonoko, did you brush against something inside the room?
What?
Ah, yes!
I was pushed and bumped into the gun case.
(Shinichi, thinking) "The holster case."
"Don't smoke, now it's really going to rain...
to clean this room with such a corrupt atmosphere."
Damn Kaito!
Where must he be planning to enter the museum?
-Inspector Nakamori. -Say.
This guy is capable of popping up in the most unexpected places.

at any time,
but there's no way he could have gone through the detector with a gun.
Yeah, I'd like to think so, but I don't know....
Now, if it has passed through the detector with a gun, it is very possible that this gun is a fake,
it is very possible that this gun is a fake.
I don't see any other explanation.
Of course, if you return the 3 objects,
I'll have you examine them right away, Mr. Hanamura.
Agreed, and I hope it is not a forgery.
We'll see.
So far with the holster everything is correct, isn't it?
We did a check of all the cabinets today before we opened the door
and there was no problem.
And the exhibition continues as normal.
Yes, but if the 3 objects you say you will return are fakes...
and, taking advantage of the trip, he steals my holster,
I don't know what I would take.
There are more and more people.
Yes.
Only 4 minutes to go before he arrives in Kaito.
What do you say we go into the room?
I don't know, because it's so crowded,
if he shows up at Kaito's, we might not even see him.
Oh!
Inspector Nakamori.
Oh, yes, and my uncle, too.
Police.
Please let us pass.
We're from the police.
Come on, shall we go in after them? Mm-hm.
(I wouldn't go in.
What?!
Co-Conan! Why don't we just go in?
I guess you don't want to get wet. (Both) Eh?!
I guess it's true that Kaito really wants to clean up.
No way.
There's too many people here.
We have a security problem.
-What's wrong? -What is it? -What's wrong?
What is it?
What's this?
The Kaito Kid!
(Nakamori) Eh?
The Kaito Kid!
He's climbed into the holster case!
Oh, Kaito, you're my idol!
If he's gone through the metal detector, it means he's not armed.
-(both) Yeah! - (both) Yes!
-What do you think, Kaito? -What the hell do you have to clean up?
I'll clean up after you, when you're in jail.
You'll pay dearly for what you've done, boy.
Ah, yes: we have to clean up.
In order to clean properly, the first thing you need is water.
And now, to start this cleanup...,
watch how I'm going to make it rain in here.
-Now it's going to rain? -What is the meaning of this comedy?
(People: call)
Dang it!
He used fire to get the sprinklers going!
Very well, until another day, then.
Hey, wait a minute!
You said you were coming to return 3 stolen items.
This sprinkling will make everything clean and well purified.
Like the rain, which washes away all the polluted water.
Damn you!
You have forced the water pressure of the sprinklers!
The water falls so thickly that he can hardly see it.
Oysters!
-Oh! -It's gone!
I get it: he'll blend in with the crowd to get away.
Hey, how many people have gone to the door right now?
-One second.
Two or three people: "It's him!"
Stop him all of you, and whatever goes dock will be on Kaito.
Don't let him escape!
"He may have changed clothes in the bathroom to disguise himself,
but I'm sure you can tell he got wet."
Yeah, but since it's pouring rain outside,
in here almost everyone is in a dock.
"Follow the tracks! There's got to be springy footprints towards the door."
Sorry, the whole floor here is full of wet shoe prints.
-Really? -Now I get it.
Here's why I was waiting for a very rainy day to perform.
And the 3 objects I had announced I would return?
They are here.
He left them on the display case of the holster.
Oh!
I've already stained it!
I have soiled the glass with blood from my wound.
At first glance, it seems that all 3 objects are copies.
Therefore, it will not be serious.
The main thing is that I didn't touch the holster.
Eh?
Ah, he deactivated the anti-theft system.
This means that this holster is a fake,
because he's swapped it for another one.
-No! -He got what he wanted.
-What? -What?
What? What?
What's wrong?
What's wrong with the plaque on the display case?
Why has it peeled off?
The paint is peeling off, and besides, this is a peeling paper.
Oh, look!
This copy pasted over the original plate
is made with watercolors.
This way, when it gets wet,
the paint runs off and the one below appears.
Wow!

As I had my sleeve wet from the rain and I rubbed it....
Yes, the letters have been copied to your clothes.
But backwards, esclar.
Mm-hm.
-And what's written underneath? -Let's see...
It says here that this holster is absolutely fake because...
...because, in reality, it's part of a bunch of copies just like it...
...manufactured thinking they would be stolen.
No? Eh?
The main one was that the news of the theft of the parts
would be in the press all over the world.
After stealing the objects, they made many copies...
and sold them through intermediaries
to rich people who collected Ryoma's souvenirs.
And they made them believe that they were the loot from that robbery, right?
The advantage of the system is that even if those who were swindled
discovered that the items were fake,
they wouldn't report it to the courts.
If they had,
they would have been accused of having bought stolen goods,
and so they preferred to keep quiet and say nothing.
Yes, sir!
This is why the robberies committed by the Phantom Lady
stopped coming to light thereafter.
"I'm sure she was only stealing from the homes of people
who had bought the fake items."
Then the Phantom Lady gave him all the stolen fake items,
and tasked him with unmasking a couple of scoundrels, right?
She also told him that the set-up needed the collaboration
of the organizer of the exhibition,
and a corrupt expert,
who examined the fake pieces but said they were authentic.
Isn't that right....,
Kaito Kid disguised as Ryoma?
What?
Is it true, what it says on this painted poster?
-No, and now!
It's a lie. This is all a made-up story.
And if not, where are all these fake copies?
Here we have only seen a plastic gun,
a cup that I'm sure is not authentic,
and a letter that you can tell...
Inspector!
They put a holster around my waist without my noticing.
-We all carry one. Mm-hm.
-All of us?! - Eh?
It says here, "I got it from Mr. Taruma's warehouse."
Damn Kaito!
With these people, he's used it to put everyone's belt on!
Oh, I know: the anti-theft system was deactivated by you,
but they wanted us to think it was Kaito.
This time they wanted to repeat the operation of selling copies,
but with the holster.
-What do you say now? -Inspector!
What is it now?
There are other plates that are being unpainted and there is a text underneath.
Oh yeah?
It says that this object is also a forgery.
It explains in detail how it is made.
And at the end there's this word in English.
A word in English?
"Pull"..., that is, "pull".
You mean I have to pull this roll.
Wow!
Oh!
This is... Ryoma's letter!
But there's a lot of copies!
Well, well, well!
Looks like they're all exact copies
of the letter with the holster drawn on it.
This can't be it!
It's a trap that has stopped us in Kaito!
Yes, there is no proof that we made them,
nor that we sold them to anyone.
(Cracking) But... Sonoko!
What's the matter?
I just did what it said on the plaque.
"Cascales".
Let's see, let's see, what is all this?
The giant vase was full of cups inside.
How curious!
I see that in each one there is a small spot of blood.
If we have the DNA of this blood analyzed,
we can find out for sure
who made all these copies of Ryoma's sake cup.
To get a blood sample,
we could use the one from the cut he made on his finger.
I'm guessing he did it to get blood on all the cups.
I'm sure that when we locate his storage,
we'll find many more items;
all the fakes that they couldn't sell!
("Pilgrim", B'z)

Ikusi no hanabira ga kaze ni maiodori.
Momoiro no col no Younes michi wo yokogitteku.
Mitsuko mitines mono
modotte wa Kona toki.
Nanigenai kotoba wo sasayaitara.
Kimi wa té wo nobashi
Kono te wo nigirishimeta.
Meguro megutte mata kimi to deatta.
Kisetsu ga boku wo tsukamaeru.
Mae wo muite Goran yo shinjite Goran yo.
Mirai wa itsumo kawarou to shiteru.

I'm amazed that you found out I'm in Kaito.
Don't I look like an ordinary person?
(Shinichi voice) It's easy.

The guns should be quite light, if they are made of plastic,
but they do take up a lot of room, of course.
And the cards and sake cups also take up a bit of room.
Thinking about this, I hid myself among the people...
and, looking at the legs,
I started looking for a person who was tall and slim, like you,
and who could pass himself off as someone who was very fatty
hiding under the clothes all the material to come back.
And another detail:
if you wore your clothes flush with skin, they would look sweaty.
Well, when I identified you in the crowd, I gave you a Microtransmitter,
I stuck a Microtransmitter like this on your ankle,
and thanks to my GPS tracking glasses,
I was able to locate you.
Aha!
So what, now you're going to turn me in to the police?
No.
As a proof of respect to Ryoma, I won't say anything.
What's that?
You're also a fan of Ryoma? It comes from my mother's side.
She got to play the role of Otome, Ryoma's sister, in a play,
and fell madly in love.
Wow!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Well, she was told she was too pretty to play Otome
and, in fact, that's how her popularity started."
Well, we're even.
Eh?
I can't betray my mother either, of course.
Eh? Goodbye.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What does that mean?"
"That his mother is the Phantom Lady."
Isn't it Yuya Miyasaka, this one here?
He's an actor.
He was arrested for assault and drinking.
Ready?
Action!
Aaah! (Conan voice) Oh!
-Dumbass threesome! -Aaah!
(Thinks) "It's already the second punch!"
In Miyasaka it's... it's death!
No!
(Conan, thinks) "It's strange, like something doesn't link."
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"The shooting of a promotional video (part one)."

