"We are on an island in the south."
"We are spending a few days of vacation in a guesthouse.
"And on the island we met actor Yuya Miyasaka,
who was shooting a promotional video with his crew."
"Miyasaka's popularity plummeted a year ago,
when he was accused of assault and drinking."
"To try to regain his lost fame,
he decides to shoot a promotional video."
"Between forcing members of his crew to film dangerous scenes.
"And having violent outbursts,
the atmosphere in the group becomes increasingly unbreathable."
"The protagonist of the video is actress Saeko Akimoto,
"who had been in a relationship with him,
"and that she was now jealous because Miyasaka had left her
to start a relationship with Miki Kitagawa."
"The island is cut off by a severe storm."
"It is then that we find Yuya Miyasaka...
dead in his room."
"A murder has taken place on a remote island...
cut off by a storm."
"It is evident that the murderer is among us."
"We will melt the mist that surrounds love and the crimes
to see them more clearly."
"Conan's strange sensation at the scene of the crime."
"The truth is recorded on the video camera."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The shooting of a promotional video, (part two)"
I can't take it anymore.
I'm sick of it.
How much longer do we have to stay locked up here?
Well, until the police arrive.
If we're all in the same room, the killer won't be able to escape.
Escape?
And how the hell do you want him to escape, from a remote island in the middle of a storm?
I'm not the one who murdered him.
Therefore, I have no reason to escape from anywhere.
I'm sorry, but I'm going back to the room.
If that's why someone wants to consider that I am the murderer, go ahead.
Are you sure... that the police will come here?
Well, Takayama, I see you're really worried about the police coming, huh?
-Huh?
Is it possible...?! - Oh!
It's the murderer?!
What do you think you're doing?
I only said it because I find that the police take too long!
That's it!
I'm not going to record anything else.
I'm leaving too.
I find that getting angry like this only makes you more suspicious.
I'll be leaving too.
I'll be in the room.
Yes, and me.
Anyway, now that everyone who didn't have an alibi has left,
it doesn't make any sense that we're still sitting here waiting for the police.
If you'll excuse me...
- (door: closes) - They've all gone, there's no one left.
(Guts: snoring)
He-he-he-he!
It's my belly, it's hungry.
It's normal for it to be hungry.
It's late and he hasn't eaten anything yet.
I'll go to the kitchen and bring you something for dinner.
How nice!
Hey, do you also think that this man in Takayama is the murderer?
I don't know, but it could be.
But it is true
that the police coming here made him very nervous.
(Thinking) "I had a strange sensation
when I saw Miyasaka's body."
"A feeling that hasn't stopped intriguing me since then."
"And it will continue to intrigue me."
"If I can't see the video they've made at the crime scene,
I'll have to go back and take a look at the room."
Listen, I can't find the wallet.
I must have dropped it in Miyasaka's room when we went there.
Eh?
How come you're so sure you dropped it in Miyasaka's room?
It's a hunch.
He-he-he-he!
"You don't have to do anything, you."

Don't suffer, I'm coming, let's see if it's in the room.
Ah!
Wait, I'll go with you! Mm...
I don't want you to come in.
Wait here, you.
Poor guy.
They've stuck the machete all the way in.
(Throne)
(Thinks) "Oh, no!"
His body is completely cold.
Ah!
I've already found the wallet.
It was here, on the floor.
Oh, that's good!
You've got it, then.
"How strange."
"I no longer have the strange feeling I had the first time I saw it."
"I don't understand. It's just my imagination."
(Children) Dinner!
That's good! -It's really good.
I'm so glad you like it.
I hope Conan found the wallet.
- (door, open) -Ah!
Hello, Miki!
I don't like to stay alone, I feel uneasy.
Can I stay here, please?
Yes, sure.
Go on.
I'll bring you dinner.
Sit here, at my side.
Thank you.
Oh!
Miki, what's wrong?
Did something happen to you?
It's just that... in Takayama he ran past the window.
What?!
In this storm?!
Maybe it's that...
As we suspected.
It's the murderer and he wants to escape.
That's why I was so afraid the police would come.
It's him, the murderer!
What?
Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing?
Ah, Mr. Kurahashi!
What happened? Did something happen?
The murderer just escaped!
What?!
The murderer?!
It's in Takayama!
The Miki has seen him running past
in front of the living room window.
He wants to run away from the police.
What?
Are you sure he ran in this direction?
Yes.
I saw her running in an easterly direction.
But this road has no exit and leads to a cliff.
Hey!
Mr. Takayama!
-Hey! Takayama!
No!
He's gone off the cliff!
"In Takayama..."
The poor guys were exhausted and fell asleep.
First Mr. Miyasaka and now Mr. Takayama.
I guess in his eagerness to run away he didn't notice the cliff,
slipped and the poor guy fell off and killed himself.
What a fool he must be!
But at least that has served to know who the murderer is.
Now we can breathe easy, case closed.
I don't know, I'm not so sure that Mr. Takayama was the murderer.
Who else could it be?
What reason did he have to run away in the middle of the storm, if he wasn't the murderer?
But he must have known that, no matter how hard he ran,
you can't run away from this island, on foot.
This is true.
"Suppose it is, that in Takayama he is the murderer."
"It's too much of a coincidence that he lost his life in such a freak accident."
"Maybe he was murdered, too."
So you think
that we are still suspects in the murder.
Therefore, now that it is death in Takayama,
the list of suspects has been reduced to the 3 of us,
the Okita, in Yamamoto and me, right?
I didn't kill anyone, right?
And I will prove it to you right now!
I'll show you the video I shot in Miyasaka's room.
When I've seen the video, it will be clear to you that I didn't kill anyone.
"He wants to play the video!"
How should I say it?
I don't want to watch it, this video, I couldn't stand it.
I know, it comes out in Miyasaka death lying on the ground.
But it's the only way to prove I'm innocent.
If you can't stand it, close your eyes and don't watch.
All right, I'll turn on the video.
Hello.
I'm Mitsuo Okita and I'm doing a "making of".
I'm about to sneak into Mr. Miyasaka's room.
This here in front is the door to the room.
What is Mr. Miyasaka doing right now?
How strange!
The door is not locked.
Ah.
There's something blocking the door.
It looks... it looks like a makeup cream.
All right, I'm going inside.
Eh?
Aaaaah!
-Aaaaaaaah! -(thump)
(Takayama) What?
(Takayama) What's wrong?
(Takayama) Ah!
In Miyasaka... it's... it's death.
Miyasaka!
Miyasaka!
-Mitsuo!
Go tell tothom. -Yes.
Is that clear?
When I entered the room, Miyasaka was already dead!
It is clear that I could not have done it.
The video proves it!
If this is true,
then it can only have been Saeko or Yamamoto.
May I know what's wrong with him?
Has he gone crazy?
But what is he saying?

It wasn't me!
"Wow, I finally know what I was puzzling over."
Eh?
Where are you going, Conan?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Aaaaah!
Aaaaaaaah... Eh?
Sonoko!
Again?
What happened to her, at the Sonoko?
When this happens to Sonoko,
she becomes a great detective, the Queen of Deductions.
The Queen of Deductions?
(Sonoko's voice) It is very possible that we have made a mistake
and our deductions are not quite correct.
Okita, I'm sorry to have bothered you,
but... would you mind playing the video again?
Eh?
No, of course.
Please play the part where Miyasaka's corpse appears.
Yes.
Hold on, I've got it.
Yamamoto, can you confirm that this is the same machete...
that he used during the filming?
Yes.
I'd say yes, this is it.
Can you look at it again?
You don't see anything strange, the machete?
If I find anything strange?
Ah!
There is no drink stain!
No, it's true!
The knife handle is not stained.
Mm?
Wait a moment.
"When I went to get Conan's wallet,
"just a little while ago now, I re-examined the body,"
and I'm sure the handle of the machete was smeared with glue!
Yes.
So, not only was there one machete, but there had to be two.
What?! No way!
-There were two? -Wait a minute.
What do you mean?
That when he was already dead
someone has stabbed him again with another machete?
Who would think of doing something like that?
There's something I don't understand.
When he was stabbed, the second machete?
The door closes automatically.
No one could have entered,
I would have needed the master key and I have it.
But the door can be easily opened from inside the room.
From inside the room?
But inside there was only Mr. Miyasaka's corpse.
Of course, of course.
But let's imagine that Miyasaka was not dead.
And how did you come to this conclusion?
(Sonoko voice) I got the proof from the makeup bottle.
The bottle of makeup
that was blocking the door to Mr. Miyasaka's room.
That the bottle was stuck upside down in the door.
is very strange, don't you think?
That's because someone put it on expressly.
Specifically?
And why did they put it there, the bottle upside down on the floor?
Because he wanted it to be found.
Ah!
It was a joke!
That's right.
It was a kind of indiscreet camera,
to record the reaction when he was found dead.
I guess the machete he had stuck in him without the glue stain on it
was a fake, with no blade, just the handle.
The blood was the one used in the movies.
This was all a plan to make us believe he was dead.
His intention was to make us believe it
so he could record our reactions to seeing his corpse.
I recognize that en Yuya was capable of doing something like this and much more.
No, it was not Miyasaka's idea,
but of someone who convinced him to do it,
someone who wanted to take advantage of this joke to kill him.
Now, en Miyasaka, without knowing it,
has done something that the killer had not foreseen.
He has left a bottle of makeup upside down
blocking the door.
It was a kind of sign as if to say
that everything that was happening was not true.
Unbeknownst to him, this has become his posthumous message.
Of course, in order to make this joke,
Miyasaka needed an accomplice.
An accomplice?
It could be.
Now I remember at the time.
"He has no pulse. Nothing can be done now."
...who has taken his pulse
and confirmed his death was in Takayama.
Of course it was Takayama!
Surely it was in Takayama, the accomplice of his joke!
So it was no coincidence
that he appeared in Takayama at that time.
-Ah! -What?
What's the matter?
Mitsuo, go tell everyone.
He said to go get everyone so I wouldn't go near Miyasaka.
So, in the end, the killer is in Takayama?
No.
It's not him.
There's no way he could have killed in Miyasaka in Takayama.
Is that so?
No, because the murder was committed after the Okita recorded the video
and we went back to the living room,
after he came to tell us that he was dead in Miyasaka.

The murder was committed after we had all left the room,
but before Mr. Kurahashi came back in later.
During this time,
none of us has moved from the living room,
except, of course, for one person.
Ah!
Yes.
The only person who could have killed him is...
Miki, maybe you'd better go get some rest.
(tearful) Yes.
I'm sorry about that.
Miki.
It couldn't have been anyone else.
Yes, Miki, it was you...
who proposed to both Miyasaka and Takayama
to make this video prank, and they both agreed.
Everything went as you had planned.
As we thought that Miyasaka was dead,
we closed the room while waiting for the police to arrive.
"When you left the living room, you went back to Miyasaka's room,
you returned to Miyasaka's room."
"(Door: call)"
"In Miyasaka, who was then still alive, opened the door for you....
and let you in."
"The idea was that the two of us would introduce you in the living room
and to everyone's surprise explain the joke."
"But this time,
"The stab in the heart wasn't with a fake knife,
but a real one."
"Then you placed the body in the same position as before...
and left the room."
"The door, of course, closed again automatically."
So, you had a perfect alibi,
something none of the other suspects had.
Yeah, but then, in Takayama...?
I guess in Takayama he thought something would happen,
because in Miyasaka he didn't show up to reveal the prank.
We all could see that in Takayama he was very nervous and worried.
If he found out that in Miyasaka he was not alive, that he had really died,
Miki would have no alibi.
"That's why the Miki called him
and told him to meet her at the cliff."
Aaaaah !!!
"Then he has returned to the living room, as if nothing had happened,
"And he said that he had seen Takayama walk past the window,
so that everyone would think it was him, the murderer."
It's true!
I saw her walk past the window!
No, it's impossible that you could have seen her, because it was night outside,
and with the lighting inside, the windows have a mirror effect...
and only reflect the inside of the room.
Don't just sit there, say something!
It's true.
It was me.
Miki!
It can't have been.
Several years ago, I was an unknown actress.
But one day I was offered an important role, a leading role.
A role in an episode of the Miyasaka series.
I immediately went to explain it
to the only living relative I had left at the time, my grandmother.
She was sick, but she was very happy.
She was looking forward to the day the series would air.
But then...
in Takayama and Miyasaka they got drunk,
they were arrested for assault and the series was canceled.
The episode in which I appeared was never aired...
and Grandma didn't see it.
If those two hadn't gotten drunk that day, Grandma would have been able to see me perform sooner,
Grandma would have been able to see me perform before she died.
Since then, I haven't
I've never been offered an important role like that again.
I just wanted to be an actress.
But everything, everything was ruined because of Miyasaka and Takayama,
and I couldn't forgive them for that.
But they were amused by this.
I'm not going to give up my acting career
because of a silly incident like this, I assure you.
I'll get them to consider me a big star again.
(Miyasaka: laughing)
They hadn't even regretted what they had done,
and he was going to continue acting as if it was nothing.
I had had to give up my acting career, and that wasn't fair.
-That's why... Stop it, I don't want to feel any more!
The life of actors and actresses is not easy.
But we go on and do our job the best we can.
If you didn't get another role, it's because you shouldn't have tried hard enough.
You decided to abandon your acting career.
But you decided to make others responsible and you have murdered them.
You don't deserve it, being an actress!
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
your're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte

I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my bestfriends.
"During the subsequent police investigation,
they found the fake machete without the blade in the Miki's room."
No, it can't be!
I've fallen asleep.
Hey, I'm still here!
I'm still here!
Ouch... No.
They left me alone here.
Mm?
We've been filming you!
Are you sure, what's following you?
Mm-hm.
It came yesterday and the day before yesterday.
If it falls from up there, it'll be very bad and it'll come out very badly!
He must have taken the opportunity to do it when the Ayumi was rehearsing in the park.
How could he have used the Ayumi for something like this?!
It's unforgivable!
He must be a monster!
I propose that we look for him ourselves, the culprit!
Don't miss the next episode:
"The flower clock knows the truth".

