(Shinichi, thinks) "No! I'm late!"
You are very late.
I'm sorry.
What about Genta and Mitsuhiko?
These two are hopeless. (Ayumi) Ouch!
-Ouch! -Ouch!
-(Ayumi) What was that?! - (Ayumi) I'm sorry!
It just slipped out!
That's because you're making it roll too fast.
There are only two days left, and I'm so excited!
(Shinichi's voice) "They had renovated the flower clock
and had prepared a ceremony to commemorate the occasion."
"Ayumi was one of the majorettes they had selected.
"To participate in the parade,
so she hadn't stopped rehearsing for days."
Oh! Eh?
Look, it's him!
(Shinichi) "We will melt the fog that surrounds love and crimes
to see them more clearly."
"A mysterious incident in the park."
"Only the flower clock knows the truth."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The flower clock knows the truth."
Are you sure, what's next for you?
It came yesterday and the day before yesterday.
Luckily today we've come to act as your bodyguard!
-Leave them to me! -Hey!
Hey, you!
Stop bothering our friend!
Can't you see you're scaring her?
Be careful!
Can't you see we don't know who she is?
She smells of alcohol! What a smell of alcohol!
Ha-ha-ha!
-What happened? -What-what did he do to you?
Is he all right?
If he goes up there so drunk...
Are you sure, he was drunk?
Of course he was!
The stench of alcohol was unbearable!
If he falls from up there, he'll be in a very bad way
and he'll be in a very bad way!
I'm sorry he has to get up so early.
It's all right.
We told you we'd come because we wanted to.
Besides, what we can't do is let you go to the park alone...
when there's that disgusting man around.
Thank you very much, Haibara.
I could have sworn I'd seen her somewhere else..,
with that hat and jacket...
-What do you mean?
That you know him? -No, I didn't say I know him.
And I can't know without seeing his face.
You couldn't see his face when you breathed on him either?
No, we didn't see his face.
The hat covered it.
-You mean he's coming, today, too? -If he comes, I intend to find out who he is.
I'm sure he will.
-Oh! -Eh?!
(It's him, isn't it?
Does he look dead to you, Conan? I think so.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The cut on his face,
could the tip of the needle of the watch have made it?"
(Conan voice) He looks like a very thin man.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Paint?"
(Genta) He must have been a pervert.
He had been following the Ayumi for days when he came to rehearse in the mornings.
Yes, he came yesterday too.
And he seemed to be very drunk.
He went up there and wandered around.
Drunk, he went up to the top of this arch? Yes.
And the truth is that he was about to fall.
It's true that his body smelled very bad of alcohol.
Inspector, this here...
is the security guard who's been on shift tonight at the park.
It must be a complicated job.
Do you remember what time you passed the flower clock?
I started the shift at 3:00 in the morning.
"And when I checked the clock it would have been 03:50, approximately."
"And was it here, the body?" "No, the body wasn't here."
"And I didn't see any flowers being stepped on either."
This must have been an accident.
Mouri!
What are you doing here?!
I saw that Conan was late coming home...
and the Ran told me that I would surely find him here.

The stone of number 6 is exactly below the arch.
Therefore, he must have climbed on top of the arch drunk,
lost his balance, fell...
and then fell headfirst into the stone, right here.
I think that's how it happened.
Yes, that's very likely.
And I estimate the time of death to have been
between 3:50 and 4:30 in the morning.
"The cut that he/she has in the face
must have been made with the long hand of the watch."
"This means that when he fell,
the hand had not yet reached the 30th minute."
What time did he arrive, you, this morning?
It would be... it would be... 5:20.
So, this means that the cut on the face...
was caused by the needle at 4:30.
Mm.
So now, if you're done,
you can take all this scoundrel home.
What?!
Me, I have to accompany them?! Didn't you come looking for them?
And if it was an accident, all we have to do now...
is to confirm the victim's identity.
And I think I know where to start looking.
What?!
What do you mean?
I know you're saying that, because he was a painter.
I also noticed that he had traces of paint on his hands.
That doesn't mean anything.
He could have stained his hands with paint anywhere.
I also noticed that he had a lot of dried paint on his fingertips.
This means he must have painted a lot when he was alive.
Yes, Conan is absolutely right.
Anyway, as things stand,
we won't need it this time, here in Sleeping Kogoro.
All right, all right, it's clear to me.
-Let's go, let's go, scoundrel, home! - (both) OK.
-Aaaah! -What-what's gotten into you, now, you?!
I just remembered something.
I know where I've seen her before, that man.
He once came to my store to buy a drink.
(Shinichi voice) "Thanks to the testimony of Genta's father,
"We learned that the man worked at a company in the neighborhood...
where they made signs."
(Man) Yes, that's him, his name was Shosaku Yoda, he worked here.
So, he fell and hit his head?
I'm not really surprised.
So, can you confirm that Shosaku Yoda was an alcoholic?
Yes, and when he drank he always looked for reasons and became very aggressive.
Wow, how cool!
Ah, yes, this was the last job he did in Shosaku.
See, it's broken down here.
Yes, last month he went to put it up,
but because he was so drunk, he fell and it broke.
After that time he started to miss many days of work,
he drank even more and told me he was afraid of heights.
So, he had acrophobia? But don't you remember...?
Do you mind if I ask you a few more questions?
The real culprit of that man's death has got everybody all tangled up.
Yes, man!
Why are you saying this now?
Let's see, if it's true that he was afraid of heights,
how come he climbed up that arch the other day?
Does this mean that what we saw the other day was someone else?
Wh-who would it be? Surely it was the culprit.
But I guess he must not have known that Mr. Yoda had acrophobia.
"He was pretending to be Mr. Yoda and he kept fooling around,
because afterwards it looked like he'd had an accident."
How could that be ?!
He had to take the opportunity to do it when Ayumi was rehearsing in the park,
to make her a witness.
It must be very bad.
How could he have used the Ayumi for something like that?!
-It's unforgivable! -He must be a monster!
-To propose that we look for the culprit! -Well said!
We return to the scene of the crime!
That's what good detectives do!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yeah, right."
(Conan voice) Eh?
Hide session!
You're Kyoichiro Kawaguchi, right?
The physical education teacher at Niigata High School.
Yes.
What do you want?
Didn't you know Mr. Shosaku Yoda?
Sure, of course I knew him.
In fact, I can tell you that he is the person I hated the most in life.
Is it true that 3 years ago,
when Mr. Yoda was an art teacher at the high school where you are,
you fell madly in love with his girlfriend,

who was then an English teacher at the same high school?
We understand that one day Mr. Yoda
took her away against her will,
they had a car accident
and only his girlfriend was killed.
Yes, but that was no accident.
In Yoda made it look like it was an accident,
because in reality, he killed her.
And for almost a week now he has been staying at a hotel for business people
that is right in front of Beika station?
Yes, I was told that Yoda was living in this area
and I came to see if I could find him.
Okay, and could you tell us where you were yesterday?
between 3:50 a.m. and 4:30 a.m.?
You want to know if I have an alibi?
Well, yes, I was quite lucky.
What do you mean?
What do you mean by that? -Well, I was lucky.
All they have to do is call 119
and they'll confirm that I called for an ambulance yesterday.
You called for an ambulance? Yes, sometimes I'm so absent-minded!
I swallowed a button battery
thinking it was the pill I was supposed to take.
That's why I had to call an ambulance.
Luckily, in the end it turned out that I had swallowed a regular button
and it was nothing.
The ambulance took me to the hospital at about half past five on 4,
and I reckon I got out at about half past five at 5 o'clock.
From the hospital where I was treated to this park,
with the fastest transportation it will be exactly 20 minutes.
You can call the hospital right now and they will confirm that for you.
I guess it's been made clear to them that there's no way I could have done it.
I hope they do a good investigation.
Mm!
All right, so that man's alibi is that he was in the hospital...
from two quarters past four to five and a half past five, right?
It's possible he put her to sleep by giving her pills,
that he made the cut on her face with the needle of the watch before..,
and that at the time he left the hospital,
he picked up the victim, brought her over here...
and killed her by smashing her head against the stone.
It can't be.
As for the estimated time of death,
between 4:00 and 5:00, your theory would be feasible.
"The one that makes it unfeasible is that it has been confirmed
that the wound on his face is a 'post mortem' wound."
True.
In addition, they have also confirmed...
that the wound was found to have traces of the stone from the watch.
Therefore, the crime had to be committed here.
-Oysters! -And how did you know all this?
Because... he told me in Kogoro, who explained it to him at the police station.
(Thinking) "I see that you've used Kogoro's voice again
to get information from the police."
And about the paint the victim had on his hands, we don't know anything more?
It looks like it was ordinary paint,
which can be found anywhere.
But if the victim was a sign painter, it is not so strange that he had paint on his hands,
it's not so strange that he had paint on his hands, is it?
His head said he hadn't been to work for a few days.
"That he had paint on his hands must mean something."
"Sure."
(Genta) What could that door be? The engine room of the clock?
Hey, what's wrong?
Have you seen a ghost?
Someone has broken the door chain.
What does that mean?
Hey, what are you guys doing hanging around here?
It's just that we saw that the chain is broken.
What's that?
Yes, it's true.
Who would have done something like that?
This is where all the machinery of the clock is in here?
It was here before, but when they modernized the clock,
they took it all out, the machinery.
Now the mechanism that moves the clock is integrated.
This here is empty.
It's used for storage.
(Shinichi, thinks) "On the ground it's full of paint."
"And it's the same color as the one on the victim."
"It's very dry. He couldn't have smeared it here, his hands."
-What?
See anything, Conan?
Ow! Aaaah!
Hey!
Oh...
Oh!
(both) What?!
- (both) Oysters, what a pain! -What, you scoundrel?
Are you all right?
-What are you doing, Conan? -Come on, boy, let's go!
Did you find out something? (Shinichi voice) I think so.
I'm almost certain that the murderer is that man
by the name of Kawaguchi.
Yes, but he said he had a good alibi.
I saw that the stone numbers are very well nailed to the ground.

Therefore, the crime had to be committed right here by force.
And the only way the needle of the watch
could have made the cut on his face without destroying the flowers,
is by committing the crime at half past five o'clock.
But of course...
By 5:30 our only suspect was out of the hospital.
Let's go to the lever!
-Ouch! Hey, did you hurt yourself?!
-Are you all right? -Oh, how bad I hurt myself!
-I hit my head.
I-I also scratched your face.
(Conan's voice) I get it!
Sure, I know how it was!
-Conan, where are you going? -Let's follow him, go!
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's what I thought."
- (Ayumi) Conan!
(Ayumi) What's wrong?! - What, did you find out something?
Yes... (Mouri) Conan!
You scoundrel!
What are you doing here?
(Shinichi, thinks) "You're coming at the perfect time, in Kogoro."
Go on, go home and do your homework!
Come on, let's get down to business.
What was that important thing you wanted to tell us?
One of my buddies at the bar was a close friend of Mr. Yoda,
and he explained something that left me speechless.
Very well, then.
Surprise us.
D'acord.
It turns out that last month Mr. Yoda fell down
while mounting a sign
and as a result of that accident he began to suffer from acrophobia,
fear of heights.
I am sorry to inform you that we are already aware of that.
He has also explained to me that he was in a car accident
and a woman died under very strange circumstances.
Yes, we are aware of that as well.
Actually, this woman you say was my girlfriend.
W-who are you?
Kyoichiro Kawaguchi, the prime suspect.
The only one, in fact.
And if not, correct me.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Perfect. That's all of us."
Mr. Kawaguchi, what have you come here to do?
Before I went back to Niigata, I thought I'd stop by to see...
the scene of Shosaku Yoda's death.
But no..., we can't let him go yet.
They must have confirmed my alibi at the hospital by now,
they must know it can't be me, the culprit.
All right, well, if you'll excuse me, I'll pass.
(Kogoro) Not so fast!
I-I didn't say anything, me.
(Kogoro) Geez!
What-what's wrong with me?
Oh, oh...!
(Kogoro voice) I'm not finished with you yet, Mr. Kawaguchi.
You're Mr. Kogoro Mouri, aren't you, the famous detective?
Let's hear it, then.
What else do you have to say?
(Kogoro voice) Inspector Megure,
can't you explain Mr. Kawaguchi's alibi?
(Kogoro voice) Yes, of course.
He's been at the hospital from two quarters past 4 to five-thirty past 5,
and it takes 20 minutes to get from the hospital to here.
This means that I can't have committed the murder.
(Kogoro voice) But you could have arrived at 5 a.m., couldn't you?
However, I wouldn't have been able to murder her, either.
(Kogoro voice) At first, it doesn't look like it,
but a few hours earlier Mr. Yoda had closed down
in the engine room of the clock,
and he came at 5 o'clock in the morning to kill him.
Is it true what it says in Mouri? And now!
How do you want it to be true?
If so, how would you explain the cut on his face?
(Kogoro voice) Right now it's 5 o'clock.
Exactly 12 hours ago,
Mr. Kawaguchi killed Mr. Yoda
by hitting him on the head against the rock of number 6
of the flower clock.
And after having cut his face with the long needle,
which at the time pointed to 12 o'clock,
he has placed the body near the number 6.
And how the hell did I manage to get to the number 12
without destroying all the flowers?
After hitting him on the head, he was able to pick up the body...
and carry it to number 5 by going around the outside.
"Then he was able to get to number 12.
"By carefully stepping over the needles,
which are quite tough, without the need to shatter the flowers."
"He made the cut on the face with the tip of the needle,
and then went back over the needles again."
Do you have any proof of that?
Prove this!
(Kogoro voice) It will be the flower clock, which will prove it.
He has been the only witness of the murder,
and he was the one who told me the truth.
What do you mean?

He explained it to me with the little bit of blood on the stone on the side of the number 12.
What a ?
"Normally needles and stones don't touch,
"But when I was carrying Mr. Yoda,
the needle gave way and came into contact with the stone."
"The blood that came out of the cut on Mr. Yoda's face
"dripped down the underside of the needle
and reached the stone."
"Analyzing the blood will prove that it is Mr. Yoda's blood."
Even if it went like that, it can't prove it was me.
The footprints that have been marked on the needle
that match those on your shoes.
To go back and forth from number 5 on number 12 I had only a minute,
because if the big needle had stopped touching the stones,
with the weight of two people on top of it,
they would have destroyed the flowers.
He could not have had time to make the cut on his face
and, on top of that, to wipe the fingerprints with a cloth.
But..., it can't be that....
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Kawaguchi, I understand that you are not yet aware,
but Mr. Yoda has left us a message
indicating that you are the culprit.
What a ?!
But, how outrageous!
Conan, show what I have just said to the inspector.
(Conan voice) All right!
Accompany me, Inspector.
You too, Mr. Kawaguchi.
Are you sure it's here, Mr. Yoda's message?
-I'm sorry, but I don't see anything.
C-Clear, because there's nothing here!
(Door: creaking) What... what's wrong now?!
(door squeaks) Oh!
This-this is...
Yes, this paint spilled on the floor is phosphorescent paint.
But we couldn't see it
until we went dark.
So what's going on?
I don't understand.
Mr. Kogoro explained to me that it doesn't glow in the dark
if it has not been exposed to light before.
And he also told me that it has not been seen until now either,
because while Mr. Kawaguchi had closed Mr. Yoda,
this had always been dark.
Now I understand everything!
He had only gone in and out of here at night to avoid being seen!
That's why when he opened the door the light didn't come in either.
Very well, then.
And may I know where it is, this damned message?
It's right here.
It's true! "The culprit is..."
"...in Kawaguchi!
Mr. Yoda, while he was in here locked up,
saw that there were pots of paint,
he spilled one and wrote the message.
He had the bad luck that the paint was the same color
as the phosphorescent paint that was scattered on the floor.
That's why the message Mr. Yoda left,
would have been impossible to see in broad daylight.
We will do a thorough investigation of this whole space!
And I'm convinced that we'll find a lot of evidence
that will prove that you've had Mr. Yoda kidnapped in here!
Holy crap!
I was sure it was the perfect plan!
How can it be?!
How can it be?!
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
your're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my bestfriends.
- (music band) - (applause)
(Conan's voice) "In the end, the parade for the new flower clock...
was a week later than planned."
(Brass band)
"My invisible blade will stop time..." The keeper of time.
In this note you have brought me, they threaten to kill someone!
One of the clocks is half a second slow!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I get it."
"She wants to master time as if she were the goddess."
Aaaah!
The killer is the technician's ghost!
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"The Time Keeper's Blade (part one)."

