"I am the guardian of time.
Woe to him who blasphemes against the passage of time!
As punishment for your infamous deeds,
my invisible blade will stop time
at the very instant you came into this world.
The guardian of time."
In this note you have brought me, they threaten to kill someone!
Yes.
That's right.
For the past two years, when her birthday approaches,
Mrs. Hoshina receives a letter.
It's an anonymous letter, and it always says the same thing.
It says she's been receiving this threatening letter for two years,
but nothing has happened to Mrs. Hoshina yet?
That's right.
Every year, her birthday has come and nothing has happened.
The problem is that Mrs. Hoshina
has talked about these threatening letters to her guests,
and her birthday parties are getting less and less crowded.
And that makes her sad.
And so, she wants yours truly, Detective Kogoro Mouri,
to find out who sent these letters.
Ah.
Yes.
And if it would be possible,
we'd like you to come to Mrs. Hoshina's 50th birthday party,
and act as her bodyguard.
Eh?
(Thinking) "50 years old? Too old."
Well, I'm sorry, I'm afraid it can't be.
For this job, we were thinking of paying you that much.
MHM?
-I'll take the job! -Ah.
Thank you, Mr. Mouri.
Please, one question.
Do you know what "blaspheming against the passage of time" means?
No idea.
Maybe it's a person who always goes against the clock.
You mean this lady is always late
because she's not punctual at all?
Not at all.
In fact, it's just the opposite.
Eh?
"We will melt the mist that surrounds love
and crimes for the sake of seeing them more clearly."
"The letter says that time will stand still,
and the birthday party full of fear."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The time keeper's blade (part one)."
Two minutes and 17 seconds late.
If I'm not mistaken,
we were supposed to meet at 5:30 from 3 o'clock, right, Mr. Mouri?
Yes, but it's a long way from the parking lot to the house,
and it's raining cats and dogs.
My days are numbered,
and I refuse to waste a single second of my time.
Mr. Ome, please.
Please know that the clock in my studio is one second slow.
Yes, ma'am.
I'll take care of it.
(Thinking) "I get it,
she wants to rule the time as if she were the goddess."
Please, Mrs. Hoshina.
Isn't it true that people should rest?
Likewise, I am absolutely convinced...
that clocks also need to take some time off.
Come on!
Clocks are not living beings with blood in their veins,
I don't think they can be compared to humans.
Clocks are like humans.
If we don't take care of them and check them, just like people do when they go to the doctor, they rust and stop working,
they rust and stop working.
While we humans sleep,
the clocks keep doing their job,
and every time the needle advances to the dial.
the gears wear out and loosen.
Excuse me, who are these people?
Mr. Karube built this house,
and Mrs. Suo decorated it.
Mr. Furugaki designed the large clock
that presides over the main facade.
And everyone is invited to tonight's party.
I have only come to check my clock.
I don't care about your party.
If you don't mind, I'll get right to the point.
I promised a very dear friend that I would take care of this watch
for as long as I had a thread of life left.
What friend are you talking about?
A watch technician who used to work for me.
He was very good, but 4 years ago he had an accident and died.

He was in charge of the maintenance of all the clocks in the house.
Come to think of it, wasn't he your older brother?
Yes.
I decorated the house because my brother recommended me.
Before I forget.
I found a very nice carpet, and I brought you a sample,
Would you like to see it?
-Yes, later. -Okay.
Thank you very much.
Let's go inside.
I don't want us to stand talking in the lobby.
Please, can I put the umbrellas away for you?
Thank you very much.
They don't deserve it.
-Thank you. -You're welcome.
No, you needn't bother.
It's a folding umbrella.
-Here you are.
Thank you, I'll put them away.
Caram.
There are watches to give and to sell.
And so much.
All these watches, did you buy them?
Yes.
My husband died last year, and he didn't like them at all.
He said it looked like I was married to watches.
The truth is that, for me, they are more than just a hobby.
What I like most in life is their ticking,
and the moment the long hand reaches the 12 o'clock point.
(Bells: ringing)
(Worm-worm, worm-worm, worm-worm, worm-worm)
It is true.
When they all ring at the same time, it's impressive.
How beautiful, it's as if we were in an amusement park.
-Mr. Ome. -Give me.
One of the clocks is half a second slow.
What's going on here?
I'm sorry, I'm going to talk to the technician.
Well, you can tell him for me that if it's 6:00 p.m.,
which is the time I was born,
the clocks don't all chime in unison, he's out of business!
Yes, yes, madam.
No one has ever known how to treat my clocks
as your brother treated them.
Since he died, I've hired 3 people to do his job.
And every week, I have one or two watches that don't keep time.
But this never happens to me with the main watch.
In the last decade, it has only been late twice.
But that's normal, because the person who created it,
comes every year to check the machinery.
Aah, unbelievable!
Yes, sir.
Really impressive.
Ah.
What could that door be?
Ah!
From the dial of this clock you can see the garden of the house.
MHM?
That is strange...
Why did you pray in front of the well?
So that a fell into the well and killed himself.
One day, my older brother came to repair the clock face,
but a gust of wind made him fall into the well.
The well was already on the land, before we built the new house.
It is dangerous, and next week, a workman will come to blind it.
Later, I will also come to offer my prayers.
We were close friends.
We knew each other since we were little.
That's perfect.
If you want, you can pray for me.
How come you don't want to go and pray?
It was his older brother.
And that's why I prayed for him this morning.
Because today is the anniversary of his death.
He died on a day like today?
Mrs. Hoshina's birthday?
-Yes. -Yes.
Come with me and I'll tell you the details.
I want Mr. Mouri to find out
that you sent me the letter with the death threats.
Ah... Yes.
(Murmur of conversations)
Yes, it's true.
So he didn't explain anything to you about the watchmaker's accident?
No.
But she has told me about a businessman who does a lot of business with her
and who seems to hate her.
Isn't it true that the person who sent you the letter
calls himself "the keeper of time"?
Eh?
Why do you ask?
Clockmakers are kind of like timekeepers, right?
You mean the suspects are the 3 watchmakers
he hired to replace the one who died?
This is just a possibility.
But the best candidate to be the guardian of time
should be Mrs. Hoshina.
-Mr. Ome, it's time. -Okay, ma'am.
I've been meaning to ask you for a while.
May I take a look at this gold watch?
Sure, here you are.
-Oh, extraordinary. Of course!
The silver watch I had before was very nice,
but this one does a lot for you, Mrs. Hoshina.
It's a unique piece,
I had it specially made by a Swiss watchmaker.
Ha!
I'm sorry for all the watches that rust in the drawers,
because their owners have become attached to another piece.
Don't worry about that watch,
I haven't forgotten it in a drawer.
In fact, it's been a while since I've had it.
-Huh? -Oh!

It broke down and I got rid of it.
What? What?
Is it a blackout?
Oh, no!
(Door, open)
Oooh!
Ah, wise guys.
It's time to blow out the candles.
(applause continues)
(Applause continues) -All right! (Applause: continued) - Huh?
But what is this?
What's the matter?
What happened?
Aaaaah!!!!
(Chimes)
Someone has escaped through the finestra.
Oh!
"What happened?"
The lights!
Somebody turn on the lights!
Aaaaaaaah!!!
Let's recap.
Rukako Hoshina blew out the candles on the cake,
and the room went dark.
Then, someone stabbed her in the chest with a knife,
and just before the lights were turned back on,
the killer took advantage of the confusion to flee
and take the murder weapon with him over the balcony
that overlooks the garden of the main facade.
No? Yes.
Look at this.
Mrs. Hoshina's blood has splattered on the floor.
But right there, there are no stains, see?
The killer was right in front of the victim,
and when he stuck the gun in her, the blood must have splattered all over her.
The guests who were closest to the victim
have some blood stains on their clothing,
but no one is sufficiently stained for being the killer.
And also, on the balcony door frame and on the railing outside, we've also found traces of blood on the victim's clothes,
we also found traces of blood.
There is no doubt that the murderer has fled after hitting her in the chest.
after hitting her in the chest;
through this balcony.
If it were as you say, Mouri,
we would have found another very important piece of evidence.
Eh?
We're on the second floor.
It's been raining all day today,
but we haven't found any footprints in the grass in the garden.
If the killer jumped on the grass,
he should have left some footprints.
This... doesn't make any sense.
Renoi!
And now it's raining again.
Ah!
Are you sure?
Are you sure the killer hasn't left any footprints?
No, none at all.
So, the person who sent the threatening letters,
maybe it's the watchmaker who died in this house 4 years ago.
What a thing to say!
But where has it been seen that a dead man sends letters?
No, I mean... The letters are signed by "the keeper of time", right?
Well, a watchmaker is a keeper of time!
What is this?
The letters from this time keeper.
For two years someone has been sending threatening letters to the victim.
"My invisible blade will stop time
at the very moment you came into this world."
The letters always say that.
At the very instant you came into the world?
It seems that the victim was born on a day like today,
at 6 o'clock in the evening.
And, every year, he blows out the candles at exactly the same time.
Hm.
Ran, do you know if the watchmaker who died four years ago...
had any conflict with the victim?
F-from what I've been told, it seems he had an accident...
in this house on the day of Mrs. Hoshina's birthday.
Ha!
It wasn't an accident.
He was killed.
He killed this woman who wanted to dominate time,
as if she were some kind of god.
That day, it was a hurricane wind.
The technician had tied himself to a rope
so as not to fall while he was repairing the clock face.
But a gust of wind blew him away
and disappeared into the well in the garden.
-So it was an accident, was it? -Yes.
And it would only have been a stupid accident,
if it wasn't for this woman ordering them to stop looking for him
because she wanted to celebrate her birthday party.
And she, she celebrated the party as if nothing had happened?
Yes.
The technician's body turned up the next morning.
According to police investigations,
he had drowned in the well while the party was going on in here.
If they had kept looking for my brother,
maybe they would have found him and he would be alive now.
When the party started, I couldn't stop for a moment.
I didn't have time to go looking for anyone.
I-inspector, it seems to me...
that the person who had the most reason to hate the victim
was the technician who died inside the well.
Come on...
I thought so!
The killer is the ghost of the technician,
that's why we didn't hear any footsteps.
Well, he's a ghost with very bad eyesight.
That's why.
Mrs. Hoshina's necklace glows in the dark.

I'm sure it's phosphorescent paint.
Even if it was dark, the killer could see where he was.
You!
Tell me who painted it on, the necklace?
I-it could have been anyone,
many guests at the party have touched it.
One of the reasons he had for gathering so many people in the house
was to show them the jewelry I had just bought.
Come to think of it, the gold watch I was holding in my hand,
a lot of people have touched it, too.
The killer must have had phosphorescent paint on his fingers.
If I were the killer,
I would have gone to the sink to wash my hands by now.
With the prints on the necklace,
maybe we can narrow down the list of suspects.
I doubt that very much, because she's been touched by so many guests.
But this doesn't make any sense.
If she's been touched by a ghost, how do you expect her to leave prints?
Everyone knows... that ghosts can float through the air
without anyone noticing they're there.
Don't talk nonsense!
A ghost wouldn't go to the trouble of painting your necklace
with phosphorescent paint.
But they didn't find any traces of footprints in the grass, did they?
If the killer is not a ghost,
maybe he's trying to make us think he's on the run,
but in reality he's still here.
Yes, you're right!
Before committing the crime, maybe he has stained the balcony railing with blood.
And with this trick, he wanted us to believe that he has escaped over there.
MHM.
If the killer is still in this room,
it's likely he still has the murder weapon,
something like an ice pick or an ice pick,
which he has used to pierce the heart.
Attention, move one at a time to the other room,
because we'll be questioning you and keeping an eye on you.
No, just a moment.
Eh?
First you should look for the victim's blood.
According to what was said before,
the killer should be wearing clothes full of spatter.
Yes, that's right.
First investigate the blood issue, and then, if necessary,
I'll submit to questioning and search.
-What's going on? -What nonsense.
-What's going on? -I would never have guessed.
Please, it's standard procedure.
I'm sorry, I have to go, I have other obligations.
-Me too. -Me too.
H-Huh?
No, please, wait!
Please don't go.
Aren't you aware that a person has just been murdered?
We have come to this house
to celebrate Mrs. Hoshina's birthday.
If there is any possibility
that the culprit of her death is still here,
the least we can do is cooperate with the police.
He is right.
Or we will all end up believing
that the killer is the ghost of my childhood friend,
the watchmaker who died in the well.
Let's get started.
You're an architect.
Yes, I am, sir.
I built this house.
There are many blood stains on her hands and sleeves.
When Mrs. Hoshina fell on the floor, I tried to help her.
But I only have these stains, the rest of the clothes are clean.
Yes, Digui'm.
Did you notice anything strange while the crime was being committed?
Come to think of it, I felt like a fru-fru,
the sound of a cloth brushing against something.
If the murderer is a woman, it could be the fabric of her dress.
By the way, I noticed that you like to smoke a pipe.
And this one has a long, very narrow pipe.
If you don't mind, could you examine it closely?
No problem.
Stop it!
Leave me alone!
Just because the watch technician who died 4 years ago was my brother
doesn't mean I killed him.
It was just an accident.
I have nothing against Mrs. Hoshina.
Because I've been told,
you were in charge of decorating this house.
You could have hidden the gun somewhere secret.
Yes, of course, and in Karube and Furugaki too,
because one built it and the other takes care of the clock.
Well, come to think of it, Mr.
Furugaki shouldn't be on the list.
Ah.
Why not?
When Mrs. Hoshina has collapsed,
I noticed that the killer was passing by my left side like an exhalation.
That's why I have this bloodstain on my left arm, you know what I mean?
Excuse me, this needle in your hair?
MHM?
Ah, yes.
My brother gave it to me a long time ago.
Would you mind showing it to me, please?

Here, it's all yours!
But don't forget to give it to me.
Yes, ma'am.
Do you think I'm a samurai?
How do you want me to carry a sword on me?
MHM?
No, of course not.
I understand it was you,
the clockmaker who designed the big clock on the facade.
Yes, my name is Furugaki.
Look at your right shoulder.
There's some blood spatter on it.
It's logical, when Mrs. Hoshina was stabbed,
it was just to my right.
This cane looks very old.
Have you been using it for a long time?
Yes.
It was given to me ten years ago by the watchmaker technician
who drowned in the well.
And another thing: it seems to me that the murderer is an obese person.
Eh?
Just before the victim's scream was felt,
I noticed that I was being pushed by a large and rather squishy something.
"I'm sure the culprit
Is one of the birthday party guests."
"Who is this murderer who calls himself 'the keeper of time'?"
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
your're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my bestfriends.
"It's not true!"
"The weapon has passed this way, according to the time keeper's plan."
Twisting and turning... What's the matter with you?
Like a balduuufa!
(Kogoro voice) I almost fell off the balcony.
(Kogoro voice) Eh?
The killer has set a trap for us,
while laughing at us in here.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Time Keeper's Blade (Part Two) '."

