"The Rukako Hoshina, the owner of the watch house,
"has received a threatening letter:
"Someone who calls himself 'the keeper of time' tells her
that she will be killed on her birthday."
"We have gone to her party with Mr. Mouri,
who is charged with protecting her."
"But just as the clocks strike 6,
Mrs. Hoshina is struck down."
"It looks like someone has pierced her heart.
"With an object similar to an ice chopper,
and then fled over the balcony."
"But there's one detail that doesn't fit:
"It's been raining all day today,
and there are no footprints on the grass under the balcony."
"On a day like this 4 years ago,
another person died at the Hoshina mansion."
"The technician repairing the clock on the facade fell into a well,
but they stopped looking for him to prepare for the party."
"The Ran is convinced
"That the time keeper is the ghost of the dead technician,
but she's wrong."
"And I will reveal the identity of the real culprit."
"We will melt the mist that surrounds love and crimes
to see them more clearly."
"The letter says time will stand still,
and at the birthday party fear spreads."
"The truth is always eventually known."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The blade of the guardian of time, (part two)."
Let's start.
You are an architect.
Yes, I am.
I built this house.
There are many blood stains on her hands and sleeves.
When Mrs. Hoshina fell on the floor, I tried to help her.
But I only have these stains, the rest of the clothes are clean.
Yes.
Please tell me.
Did you notice anything strange while the crime was being committed?
Come to think of it, I felt like a fru-fru,
the sound of a cloth rubbing against something.
If the murderer is a woman, it could be the fabric of her dress.
By the way, I noticed that you like to smoke a pipe.
And this one has a long, very narrow pipe.
If you don't mind, could you examine it closely?
Stop it!
Leave me alone!
Just because the watchmaker technician who died four years ago was my brother
doesn't mean I killed him.
It was just an accident.
I have nothing against Mrs. Hoshina.
Because I've been told,
you were in charge of decorating this house.
You could have hidden the gun somewhere secret.
Yes, of course, and in Karube and Furugaki too,
because one built it and the other takes care of the clock.
By the way, Mr. Furugaki should not be on the list.
Ah... Why not?
When Mrs. Hoshina has collapsed,
I noticed that the murderer passed by my left side like an exhalation.
That's why I have this bloodstain on my left arm, you know what I mean?
Excuse me, this needle in your hair?
Ah, yes.
My brother gave it to me a long time ago.
Would you mind showing it to me, please?
Here, it's all yours!
You think I'm a samurai?
How do you expect me to carry a sword on me?
Mm?
No, of course not.
I understand it was you,
the clockmaker who designed the great clock on the facade.
Yes, my name is Furugaki.
Look at your right shoulder.
There's some blood spatter on it.
Mm?
It's logical, when Mrs. Hoshina was stabbed,
it was just to my right.
And another thing: it seems to me that the killer is an obese person.
Eh?
Just before the victim's scream was felt,
I noticed that I was being pushed by something large and rather soft.
Y-yes, that's right.
I weigh 78 kilos and I'm a little overweight.
But what does this have to do with Mrs. Hoshina's murder?

No, nothing, these are routine questions.
Very well, Mr. Ome.
Next to the cake was a knife.
And we found his fingerprints.
Sure, what did you think?
I'm the butler of this house, and my job was to cut the cake.
And... when the lady blew out the candles,
how come they didn't turn the lights back on?
Because Mrs. Hoshina didn't give the signal.
The other years, once she blew out the candles,
the clock on the façade would start chiming at 6 o'clock.
And then she would snap her fingers...
and that was the signal to turn on the lights.
But I remember that the clock on the façade
took a few seconds to chime.
Yes, that's true, but the employees who were watching the other clocks...
said that they all chimed exactly when they were supposed to.
Tell me something.
If it was on Mrs. Hoshina's side,
how come there's no blood spatter on her clothes?
I don't know, maybe it's because the killer is a fat person.
If he stood in front of Mrs. Hoshina,
it's only natural that I didn't get blood on my clothes.
A person who wears a suit,
who moves very fast and is rather obese.
Are there any guests matching the description?
No.
There are 65 guests.
None of them fit the profile we're looking for.
And none of the guests are carrying anything that could be considered a bladed weapon.
No, and the luminol test came back negative...
on all the items from the other four.
In the end we'll have to believe what the letter said,
and accept that the weapon is an invisible blade.
Yes, it seems to be so.
Something, the blood on the door and the balcony railing...
it's Mrs. Hoshina's, isn't it?
Yes, they called the inspector and confirmed it,
this blood is the victim's.
The murderer was supposed to get
to make it flawless before committing the crime,
to make it look like he was escaping over the balcony.
Well, it doesn't fit me.
Eh?
To pretend that he escaped this way,
the logical thing would have been to leave a footprint stained with blood,
instead of this stain on the balcony railing.
Mm... That's right.
Perhaps he thought that such an obvious clue,
she'd be discovered before she had time to commit the crime.
- (clock: touches the time) -Huh?
Oh, my goodness.
It's already 12 o'clock.
The party room is just below the big clock.
"No, it isn't! The bloodstain wasn't here before the crime."
"The gun has passed through here,
according to the time keeper's plan."
(Takagi) Once the searches are finished,
we can inform you that we have not found any hidden weapon.
We have also found that none of you have large blood stains on your clothes.
You may now go home,
and tomorrow you will have to report to the police station
because we will question you further.
(murmurs)
And you, do you have anything to say, Mouri? No.
Instead of concentrating on the disappearance of the murder weapon,
I think it's better that we investigate what the murderer has done
not to leave footprints when he fled.
Aaaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaaah... What's wrong with you?
Spinning and spinning, like a spinning top...
Watch out! Oysters!
Be careful, father!
You'll fall.
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
I almost fell off the balcony.
Eh? (Kogoro voice)
So that the murderer has set a trap for us,
while s'enriu of us in here.
You mean the killer is in this room?
Hey, Mouri.
I confess that I am concerned about the absence of footprints,
but it is quite impossible that the murderer is still in here.
Very well.
Let me give you a demonstration.
Eh?
What's that supposed to mean?
You heard me.
To set everything up, I need time and I need everyone to leave the room,
including you.
(Exclamations of surprise)
How long will these people keep us waiting?
I don't know, the young policeman and the butler...
they keep coming in and out of the room.
Do they think they will be able to demonstrate how he has done it?
Kill a person without getting blood on him, and make the gun disappear?
(Think) "How dare he! Force him out of the room. Me!"
"If you don't solve this case, this man will hear me."
(Takagi) Thank you for your patience.
The room is now ready.
Go ahead, you may enter.
Ah, Inspector.
I've been asked to put this around your neck.

If I'm not mistaken, it's from Conan, the watch that never comes off.
Yes.
Inspector, we want you to play the part of the woman who has been murdered.
The watch replaces the necklace with phosphorescent paint.
Looks to me like everything's the same as before.
Yes.
The only difference is that the door to the balcony is closed
and the kid with the glasses hasn't moved from there.
I don't know what the heck is wrong with your head, but please finish quickly.
Oh!
(Takagi) What's going on here?
(Takagi) We are doing a reconstruction of the crime.
First he turned off the lights,
and then he took the cake.
(Takagi) That's right.
Inspector, please, when I say so,
blow out the candles like the victim did before.
Mm... Yes.
Three, two, one.
Now!
Oh! (Clock: strike the hour)
(Clock: chiming) What?
Who was it?
Who hit me on the back of the head with a cane?
Eh? (People: whispers)
All right, this experiment was useless.
Oh.
They've opened the balcony door to make it look like someone has fled,
the only problem is that I saw it, the cane.
To find out who attacked me
I just have to look for the person holding a cane.
No, I'm sorry.
Inspector, I attacked you.
I attacked you myself.
Bah, don't talk nonsense, Conan.
You didn't attack me because you don't have a cane in your hand.
No, I don't have a stick.
Because the one I used flew away and disappeared.
Eh? And now!
Is it true that the cane flew away?
Yes.
But the thing that flew away wasn't a cane,
it was an umbrella tied to a rope.
An umbrella?
Yes, it's true.
Sir, is this umbrella?
(Kogoro voice) Yes, it took me a while to prepare it.
The butler has gone to look for a string.
And I had to ask the watch technician
to set the hands of the clock just before 6 o'clock,
the time of the crime.
The clock?
What does it all mean?
I'll explain how it works.
We've taken a long string and tied a weight in the middle,
and a metal ring at one end.
Then we have passed the ring for the decoration
that is on the tip of the short needle of the big clock.
And the weight we have attached to the center of the rope,
we have hung it on the balcony railing.
The other end of the rope, we have made it to enter the room
through the space between the floor and the doors.
The murderer only had to wait for the victim to blow out the candles and the room to go dark.
and the room was dark.
The end of the string inside
was tied to the handle of an umbrella.
The only thing he has faith in Conan is to strike a blow on the inspector's head
a few seconds before the clock struck 6 o'clock.
When the small hand has reached the 6 o'clock point,
the ring slipped and fell off.
This caused the weight of the railing to fall,
which dragged the umbrella,
which crashed against the balcony doors and opened them.
And so, the murder weapon disappeared.
What can I say, Mouri.
In the grass, we have found neither the weight nor the murder weapon.
If someone had run a string through the railing,
I'm sure a guest would have seen it.
Imagine that the string is an invisible fishing line,
and the weight they've attached to the central part,
they have passed it through the grating that covers the well
that is just below the big clock.
I get it!
The weight dragged the murder weapon,
which fell into the shaft and disappeared.
That's right.
And since in 15 days they have to come to blind the well,
the murderer thought that the weapon would disappear forever.
Yes, but... why haven't we found anyone with blood all over his body?
Think about it.
We've had a lot of testimony about the killer's appearance.
We've been told that she's stocky, obese, that she moves fast,
that he's a woman wearing a suit...
In fact, the one they were describing was the murder weapon.
The murder weapon?
The murder weapon has flown off the balcony,
and the perception of the witnesses
was that the killer was moving very fast.
Once opened, the murder weapon takes up a lot of space,
which is why it was said to be an obese person.
The murder weapon hit some of the guests,
and they noticed a fat and soft body.
The murder weapon is covered with cloth,

so witnesses have heard a distinctive noise.
But what the hell is it, this murder weapon?
Huh?
I hit him with an object like this.
An umbrella.
An... umbrella?
Look, it's a sharp, pointed blade...
to the tip of the umbrella.
And when it's stuck in Mrs. Hoshina,
the open umbrella protected her from the blood.
Isn't that right, Mr. Mouri?
Yes, but they were in the middle of a party,
and someone carrying an umbrella would have attracted attention.
No, because he was carrying it in his pocket.
Eh?
Mr. Karube, show us your folding umbrella.
(murmurs)
Very well, Mouri.
Suppose this umbrella would have protected her from the blood stains.
But then he should have folded it, and that's why it takes time.
Exactly.
Between Mrs. Hoshina's scream
and the clock started to strike 6 o'clock,
only an instant has passed.
(Kogoro voice) But the umbrella folds very quickly.
As he was not at all worried about getting blood on his hands, he folded it up and tied it,
he folded it up and tied it with a ribbon on his wrist.
It's true!
That's why his hands and sleeves are so stained with blood.
Yes.
He was the last one to stick his head out of the door of the watch.
He passed the ring through the tip of the short needle.
Then he took the fishing line, went to the well,
tied the weight to the central segment
and passed it through the inside of the grating while pretending to pray.
Since you are the architect who built this house,
it was not difficult for you to calculate the length of the thread.
During the party, Mrs. Hoshina?
let him touch her pocket watch.
He advanced a few seconds,
and when the victim has blown out the candles,
he killed her during this time frame,
before the big clock started to strike 6 o'clock.
But before that, Mr. Karube mentioned....
that he heard a noise like the fru-fru of a cloth.
If he were the killer, he wouldn't have said anything that would make us think of an umbrella.
Wouldn't he? He said so expressly.
You have mixed a truth into your testimony to confuse us.
He also told us that the murderer was a woman wearing a dress.
You wanted your testimony to have some common ground
with that of the others so as not to arouse suspicion.
Yes, but when the guests did not want to cooperate and wanted to leave,
Mr. Karube convinced them to stay.
He told them it was the least they could do for Mrs. Hoshina.
If he were the murderer, he would have gone home.
Yes, that's true.
But even if he wanted to leave, he couldn't.
Because it started raining again.
The umbrella he was carrying is the murder weapon, and now it's at the bottom of the well.
If I had left at that moment,
someone would have noticed that he wasn't carrying the umbrella.
That's a pity.
If I had had more foresight,
maybe I would have brought a spare umbrella.
The thing is, I put a spare umbrella in my bag.
But it turns out that my wife saw it,
and put it back without saying anything to me.
In return, she left a note saying: "One is enough for you".
Yes, I had been expecting this rain for a long time.
I didn't check it because the time had come.
This was my mistake.
That I had been waiting for the rain for a long time?
This means that he had been planning it for at least two years.
Since he sent you the first letter, right?
Yes.
I knew that if it rained today,
he could fool everyone with the footprint ploy,
and I also knew there was no risk
that my trick would be discovered so no one would go out on the balcony to get wet.
In fact, when it stopped raining a little before I could kill her,
I got a little nervous.
So you admit that you killed it yourself? Yes.
To the umbrella in the well,
they'll find Mrs. Hoshina's blood
and my fingerprints.
But why?
Why did you kill her, what was your motive?
To avenge the death of the watchmaker technician, my dear childhood friend,
is not enough of a motive for you?
But at my poor brother's funeral you were the one who said
that it had only been an accident.
Yes, that's what I thought, until I heard
the words of that woman right after my friend's funeral.
What?

What does this mean?
How come you haven't found another technician to replace him yet?
I am very sorry, ma'am.
The death of this young man has affected me very much,
and I haven't been able to find a replacement.
I have told you a thousand times!
When a watch breaks, it must be replaced by another one.
With technicians, it's the same!
Really? Really?
He loved watches above all else.
Yes?
He hired you to check the clocks?
Yes!
Well, be careful.
They say the owner is very strict with the time.
I like that.
That way, my work will be more valuable.
And since I've been here, no machine has broken down.
You know how I love clocks,
and I assure you that the ones in this house are part of my family.
I am delighted with life!
Brother.
Deep down, maybe I didn't want to avenge my friend's death.
Maybe all I wanted was to save
his family... from the tyrant of time.
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my bestfriends.
"Watches are the indispensable companions of people,
who need them every day."
"But sometimes, we are late."
Ah.
Genta, you're late!
Yes, I know, it's just that the alarm clock didn't go off.
Don't smoke, you're still using that thing from the year of the itch.
Yes, it's the alarm clock my grandmother gave me.
That's why I can't throw it away.
"If this clock is so important, we forgive you for being late."
"After all, clocks keep ticking....
and marking time while we sleep."
Guys, it's late in Conan too.
Well, if we don't get going,
by the time we get to the campsite, it will be dark.
Maybe he's fallen asleep.
"Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock."
Mistress, you can give us a round of drinks to liven up the party.
That's the way I like it.
It's very good that there are so generous people.
I think he's been drinking in this neighborhood lately, the father.
"I don't understand how he can drink sake in a place where there's so much smoke."
Therefore, the killer must have been one of the patrons of the place.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The crime scene is a very cramped locale."

