(Shinichi) "We will melt the mist that surrounds love and crimes
to see them more clearly."
"A small restaurant set in the Showa era."
"A clever trick in a cramped locale."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The crime scene is a very cramped locale."
Go ahead, today we do special discounts!
Come in!
What a mess!
No one expected it to end like this, the main race.
Oh, I've lost everything!
If it hadn't been for that black horse, I would have won.
They must have gone to bet on the Tohti races, right?
Yes, on Saturdays this place is full of horse racing lovers.
Is that so?
Yes, after the races we always come here.
We come here to let off steam and discuss the race.
Yes, I thought so.
I like it too.
And look, as a matter of fact, I've made a few bets today too.
-Oh, did you?
May I see them? -Yes, here.
Wow!
You made a Trio Special!
Today these bets were paid one to 100!
(Both) What?!
U at 100 ?!
Yes, today I won!
Wow!
At least today there is one who has been lucky.
Now that you know the secret,
tonight you can eat and drink as much as you want,
on the lucky one.
-But-but these bets are... -Hey, mistress!
You can give us a round of drinks, to liven up the party.
That's the way I like it.
It's very good that there are so generous people.
Street, street, you'll make me turn red!
What are you doing?
What-what do you have down here?
What's that?
Ah, you mean this?
-It's so I can move. -Ah!
The room is so narrow that it's much easier for me to move around.
-You see? -Oh!
Yes, it's very practical.
Let's see if someday we'll be in luck too
and fortune comes calling.
Didn't you tell me you'd soon be collecting a lot of retirement money?
Another one who will be lucky.
No, no, the truth is that it's not so much money either.
Come on, come on, don't be modest.
I'm sure it'll be enough money to take me to Hawaii.
-You can count on it. -My God, it's him!
How hidden he kept it from me, the retirement thing.
This is very good news!
Soon you'll be able to stop ordering bad sake,
and switch to these higher-quality sakes.
Ah, I'm fine with the others.
And you'll have to make do by going to the Shonan Hawaiian Center.
I'm not saying no.
Every year I go to a hotel in Shonan,
and whenever I do a performance it's always a big hit.
-Maybe they would hire me and everything.
Y-Yes, let the show begin!
What kind of performance will you give us?
A Japanese classical dance teacher.
(croons)
You're hopeless.
Every time you get drunk you end up doing the same thing.
And if you say you're going to perform so far away,
that means you're doing very well at the dance academy too, right?
You can count.
Once, halfway through the performance, he fell down...
and had to make it look like he'd done an espagat.
How do you want to do well at the dance academy, with a teacher like that?
To say this kind of nonsense, better not say anything.
In you must make few, of performances.
Here there are days that it's hard for you to stand up straight.
What did you think?
Come back to tell me, if you dare!
You mean it is necessary that you talk to me like that, chiquita?
Come on, come on, a little peace.
-Oh!
What a good look it makes, that! -I'll say.
When I left my hometown,
this was the first restaurant I came to.
It's as if my mother made it.
If I remember correctly,

this boy came to live in Tokyo to become a professional chef.
Yes, of course, but dreams don't always come true.
Are you still working at the fish market where I recommended you?
Yes, yes, and I am very grateful to you.
I see that you care a lot about others, you.
If you want to become a good chef,
the first thing you have to do is learn to distinguish the good fish from the bad.
-Right, Shinohara? -Huh?
Ah, yes, yes... I'm doing very well at the market.
I can see that.
That's why you took the job at the market.
And, by the way, can you explain to me why your pants are wet?
Ah, I was walking down the street and when I passed this way...
...the landlady proceeded to splash you while she was rubbing.
-What?
But how did you know? - I see you've already done it again.
Yes, of course, and she doesn't hide much.
When he sees someone who looks like he's won at the horse races,
he does this to get them to come into his place.
If he keeps doing it, he'll get a divine punishment someday.
Hey, you, please don't mess with the owner!
When I came to Tokyo, it was impossible for me to find a job,
and she was the only person who helped me.
She saved my life!
Au, au, let's have the party in peace, eh?
A-atxum!
I'm sorry, it's just that I've been feeling a draft for a while.
Yes, I'm very sorry,
but the walls here are made of iron sheets.
It's a drag, there's always air coming in from everywhere.
I'm getting cold too.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Come on, come on, let me through.
Or won't you be nice to the young lady?
I can't help it.
It's so cramped, this place...
You know what ? now that I'm up,
I think I'll take the opportunity to go buy some cigarettes.
I'll go and get some money out of the ATM before they close it.
Well, I'll take the opportunity to make a cigarette.
Let's see where I have the tobacco?
Where are you?
Where have I put it?
Eh?
I think that lately he comes to drink in this neighborhood, the father.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I don't understand how he can drink sake, if there's so much smoke."
Isn't that him over there? Yes, that's him!
Ah, I see he's out here smoking.
-Oh, wow.
What are you all doing out here? -Why, they all came back at the same time!
Madam! Madam!
Madam! Madam!
What happened to you?!
What happened to you?
(Shinichi, thinks) "What?!"
(Kogoro) And in short, this is what happened.
The cause of death was a stab wound to the chest with this knife.
On the handle of the murder weapon is the logo of the Satsuki restaurant.
But, apparently, all the knives of this restaurant...
have this same engraving of the Satsuki restaurant.
We have also found no evidence that anything was taken from the premises.
Therefore, we rule out that it was a robbery.
By the way, what were you, Mouri, doing in this place?
Well, I've been lucky with the horse races...
and I've invited to dinner the customers that were there.
Ah.
Yes, you can see they were having a good time!
No, no, and now, it's no big deal!
Besides, at the time of the incident,
all the customers, including me, had left and were outside the premises.
That's a coincidence.
This means that the mistress was alone on the premises.
And since the windows are icy,
no one saw what was going on inside, right?
That's true.
But it is also true that the only ones who could know
that the mistress was alone inside were the customers.
That's right.
This means that in the margin of 5 minutes
after everyone has left the premises,
one of the customers must have murdered the mistress.
All right, let's interrogate them, then. (Ambulance: siren)
(All) What does it mean?!
Why question us, if we haven't done anything?!
As events have gone, and given the circumstances,
it is very likely that one of you, who were customers, is the murderer.
But what nonsense! Very well then, let's start with you.
Where were you 5 minutes after leaving the premises?
And give me a concrete answer.
Ah!
I just remembered a detail.
When we all left the restaurant,
the only one who was a little more entertained was her.

Miss Chihiro may have entertained herself expressly so she could be alone with the owner.
so that she could be alone with the owner.
But why should she do something like that?
Don't tell me that you've been asking her for money
because you're doing so badly at the academy that you were about to close it?
What are you saying?
The mistress had always been very considerate of the clientele,
but it was also said that she was transformed
when it came to collecting the money owed to her.
What do you know!
Is it true or not, that she had asked the mistress for money?
Yes.
And lately every day she had been asking me to pay her back everything I owed her.
Just as I was leaving the shop,
she pressured me again to pay the debt.
And you became indignant, you had an outburst,
you grabbed the knife from the bar and...
Bullshit!
We talked for a moment and I immediately left the bar!
But, as she appeared dead..., I didn't dare to bring up the subject!
(Conan's voice) About it... Mm?
Have you noticed that it has the tip of this spring sleeve?
Of course it does!
By the way, you are left-handed, right?
"When he drank wine, when he picked up the fan,
and when you stuck the thumbtack, you did it with your left hand."
You have a springy left sleeve
because you washed your hands in the sink to wipe off the blood
after stabbing the owner of the shop.
Tell the truth!
I've got a spring in my left sleeve because the faucet was broken and I splashed myself!
Don't worry, we'll soon find out the truth.
We just have to do the luminol test.
Of course we do.
If you'd like to come with me, please.
By the way, Mr. Nakamura... - What is it?
What do you want?
You, when you left the shop, you said you were going to buy cigarettes.
"And you went to the right, but, instead,
I'm convinced you went back the other way, to the left."
We are here, and if the tobacco machine is here,
how come he came back to the shop from the other side?
Stop-stop the machine, there was no tobacco left.
and I had to go to the store on the main street.
Inspector!
In the shop we found a notebook of the mistress.
We saw that Mr. Nakamura
has been making monthly payments to her of 100,000 yen.
That's a lot of money, for a shop of this kind.
Can you tell us what they were for, this money?
No, I don't...
The truth is that the owner was the one keeping the secret from me.
What secret?
I was embezzling company funds
so I could place bets on the horses.
And she was blackmailing me, telling me that if I didn't pay, she would explain everything.
But... I didn't murder him!
It's true that I went to the store on Main Street!
-By the way, Mr. Shinohara, what?
We have seen that in the notebook
your name also appears several times in the notebook,
along with entries like "mackerel" or "squid".
Do you know what this means?
I work part-time at the fish market.
From time to time she would place orders with me.
I guess she must have written them down.
What did you do the five minutes you were off the premises?
I was out of cash.
I went to the ATM to get some.
Look, I have the receipt here.
Here you are.
Indeed, the time confirms it.
Mr. Shinohara has left the restaurant
and turned left onto the main street.
And since the ATM is here,
it's impossible for her to have returned to the premises without us seeing her.
There is no visible disturbance to the ATM receipt.
He couldn't have been the killer.
(Shinichi, think) "If I remember correctly,
Kogoro said he had invited everyone to dinner."
"There are only Japanese kitchen knives here."
"Ah, that's..."
"Juice ?! They commented that the mistress didn't drink alcohol."
"A glass to drink cognac."
"It's not made to serve."
"That bottle of cognac..."
"Of course!"
"I've got it, I've already figured out how she did it."
(Shinichi, he thinks) "What, did you fall asleep in the middle of your research?"
"I'll take the opportunity to plant the bug on you, then."
Hey, Conan! Ah!
You can't just walk around like I'm at home.
Yes, of course.
Inspector Megure.
The luminol test came back negative,
with the sleeve of Miss Chihiro's sweater.
In addition, we've also confirmed that Mr. Nakamura...

has gone to buy tobacco at the store on the main street.
(Shinichi, thinking) "I won't need it today."
Then, we will have to be escorted to the police station....
to continue the interrogation.
(Kogoro voice) There won't be any, Inspector Megure.
I'll solve the case without moving from here.
(All) Eh?! What-what do you mean?
Have you figured out who the murderer is? (Kogoro voice) Yes.
The glass of cognac on top of the food chopping wood
is what made me discover the identity of the murderer.
Mm?
Did you say "brandy"?
Give me a glass full to the top, Inspector!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Wow! He's awake!"
(Shinichi, thinks) Ah!
Ah...!
Hey, Kogoro, are you all right? (Vfeu Kogoro) Just fine.
Come in and see the restaurant bar, please.
Miss Chihiro was drinking wine, Mr. Nakamura was drinking sake,
I drank beer, and Mr. Shinohara drank some liquor.
Also, on the cutting board you will see that there is a glass of juice,
which is what the mistress was drinking,
and a glass of brandy that is not used.
That's nice.
And what's so special about it?
That it would be nice to know... who it was for, the cognac glass.
Before leaving the premises, no one had ordered a cognac.
Yes, of course, it's strange...
(Kogoro voice) Now look on top of the bottle cabinet.
You will see a bottle of cognac that someone has moved a little.
I would almost swear that what has happened is that the murderer,
after leaving the premises, called the mistress...
"... and asked her to pour him a glass...
of this very expensive brandy you see up here."
"He must have got her all tangled up and told her that I was buying a round."
"As in the landlady had a hard time reaching for the bottle.
"She stood on tiptoe
"And leaned against the furniture and against the wall,
that's when the killer put the knife through the wall."
She was killed from outside the premises ?!
"Behind the premises, there is an alley through which you can access."
"The walls are made of sheet iron and have small cracks."
"The killer made the call from the alley."
"He has made the mistress approach the wall,
and killed her by passing the knife through the crack."
"Surely, the knife had taken her from the restaurant before."
But when we entered the restaurant and discovered the dead mistress, she was on top of the bar, far away,
she was on top of the bar, far away from the place you say.
It is true.
If she had been stabbed by the wall, she would have fallen there!
(Kogoro voice) The chair that the owner used,
she kept it there so she could move in that narrow space.
"It's a swivel chair."
"The owner has fallen on top of the chair, spun it around,
and that's why it ended up falling on top of the bar."
What I don't quite understand is that if the knife has a handle,
how did the killer get it through the slot?
Can you check if it goes through? Let's see?
No, it doesn't go through there, the handle.
(Kogoro voice) But it is possible that the handle was not on the knife.
What do you mean by that?!
The knives that chefs use to prepare western meals
have tight handles.
On the other hand, Japanese knives...
have the blade inserted inside the handle and it is easy to pull it out.
Inspector, it's true what Mr. Mouri says!
Well, that means...
(Kogoro voice) At the moment we have discovered the body of the mistress,
the murderer has entered behind the bar,
making it look like he was worried,
and placed the handle on the blade of the knife
while pretending to be trying to help her.
-Don't tell me that... Is this true?
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
The only thing that has been able to reattach the handle,
is the person who entered first behind the bar,
which is you, Mr. Shinohara.
It couldn't have been anyone else.
But I was..., I was at the ATM!
Yes, that's right.
He has an alibi. (Kogoro voice) No.
Now we know that the murder has been committed from the back of the shop,
and we see that the ATM is very close.
Therefore, his alibi is not valid.
And of course, a person like him, who wanted to become a chef...
...knew that it's easy to take the handles off Japanese knives.
Do you have any proof, of all this nonsense you have told?

(Kogoro voice) If you look at the back of the receipt...
there are some stains.
Yes.
They are rust stains.
"Surely, to commit the murder,
"He picked up the knife blade with a handkerchief,
the walls were rusty and the handkerchief was stained with rust."
"As he has not noticed,
"He put the handkerchief and the receipt in the same pocket,
and therefore the receipt has been stained with rust."
If we analyze and compare the iron plates to the rust on the receipt,
I assure you that they will match.
But..., why did you do it?
Didn't you say she saved your life?
No!
She only recommended that job to me for one reason:
to use me and force me to steal fish from the market!
She forced you to steal?
"At first she only asked me for damaged or poor quality fish,
but after a while it wasn't enough."
"And lately he was already forcing me to bring him salmon, sea urchins,
top quality fish!"
In the end I couldn't take it anymore!
And when I told him that I had decided to quit my job....
If you leave the job I will go to the market
to explain what you've been doing all this time,
and you know perfectly well that you'll end up in jail for theft.
But you asked me to steal the fish!
Yes, but how are you going to do it to prove...
that it was me who ordered you to steal the fish?
Only you will be arrested,
and you'll never become a professional chef.
So, you're on your own.
I couldn't give up my dream of becoming a chef!
And that's why I did it!
(Kogoro voice) Yes, but to commit murder,
you used a knife, which is the working tool of chefs.
So now you will never again be qualified to become a chef.
Or am I wrong?
(Shinohara: whine and call)
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
Aaah...!
What?
By the way, father, didn't you say before that you won a bet?
Oh, did you?
But the bets are only 100 yen.
Eh?!
Ha-ha!
Yes, I won a bet, but only 100 yen,
and everything I've collected, I've played again...
and in the end I was left without even five!
What?! Forgive me!
I won't forgive you! Yes, forgive me, forgive me, please!
Oops, when I catch you!
(Shinichi, think) "I don't know how he'll escape from this!"
Let your body be filled with his energy.
(Shinichi, think) "I still don't understand what I'm doing, doing yoga."
How can you have lost this judgment ?!
Atsuko had lost the trial of the lawsuit
and would surely be in a state of shock.
Can it be a suicide?
(Sonoko voice) As I don't feel like losing any more hours of sleep,
I will solve the case here and now.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Beware of dieting'."

