(Woman) Focus on the power of the sun,
and let your body be filled with its energy.
Iiih!
Ah!
We try to avoid stiffness.
The best thing we can do now is to let the body and mind fly.
Right?
Conan? Eh?
Yes, yes.
(Thinking) "I still don't understand what I'm doing here, doing yoga."
We'll melt the fog that surrounds love and crimes
to see them more clearly.
I've been in a yoga class with a war between women that was scary.
The truth always comes out in the end.
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"Watch out for the diet."
(Sonoko) You're great, Ran!
Look at you winning a free stay at the Chandni yoga center!
It's where all the celebrities go! He-he-he-he!
"Yeah, but you didn't need to make me come, me."
SIII!
In two days and one night I will have a perfect body!
You don't want to force your body too much all of a sudden either.
If you do it wrong, you'll have a hard time recovering later.
I agree!
It's amazing, this yoga center.
Oh, by the way, what exactly does the word "Chandni" mean?
Actually, "Chandni" is a Hindi word meaning "moonlight".
Just like "tsuki", from Tsukiko, right?
Yes, my parents already had a yoga studio...
and they named me this name in the hope
that I would gather the energy of the universe
and direct it to work on physical and mental health.
I have come so far thanks to this concept,
and thanks to all of you, of course.
And for that I feel so grateful.
Well, and also thanks to our famous dishes.
Low in calories, but with a great variety.
Based on native and organic vegetables.
And yes, they are all delicious!
I don't know what to tell you.
For me the dishes are like the chef,
pretentious and without any taste.
But what...?!
Wow, like cream, that!
You just scalded my tongue!
Do you want to get kicked out of here, like you did at the last restaurant?
What did you say?
Herbal tea, unlike Japanese tea,
is always served very hot.
Well, it wouldn't have cost you anything to warn me!
I'll be forced to post a few messages on the Internet saying that it's not worth coming here.
saying that it's not worth coming here.
You know that if I do, your reputation goes down the drain.
I-I'm really sorry.
Hm.
Atsuko... I don't think it's necessary to go to such extremes.
How dare you say that to me, being the sister of an employee?!
Very well, then.
Why don't you kneel down in front of me?
Maybe this way I'll forget this whole incident.
But how dare you...?!
I'm so ashamed of what happened.
-But, Tsukiko... -Oh!
Ha-ha-ha!
And for the record:
it was not a complaint, but a reasonable suggestion.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
Whatever happens,
we must always offer our customers the best possible experience.
It seems to me that this lady
is the daughter of the president of the Degawa corporation.
I had already heard that she has a very bad temper and is incorrigible.
(Mobile)
Di.
(Mobile) What?
Did everything go well?
What a mug!
How have you lost your mind?!
It's unacceptable!
It was a lawsuit out of nowhere!
How could you lose this lawsuit?!
What?
That you want to stop representing me?
Fine, but just know that you're done being a lawyer.
I hope that's clear to you!
(dog: snarls)
- (dog: squeaks) -Grrr!
I warn you that if this damn mutt comes near me again, you will hear me!
you will hear me!
Iah!
Ah, what happened,
that someone had sued her for complaining somewhere else?
Yes.
In fact, they have already sued you many times.

I'm sure that deep down she must be suffering too, poor thing.
We'd better leave her alone for a while.
Yes.
(Cri-cri-cri)
(Sonoko) Oh!
How good it all looks!
It sure does.
Welcome to the famous Chandni Center buffet.
-You can have anything you want. -Thank you.
Yes, but be careful not to exceed...
your personal calorie limit.
And also remember to eat in their rooms.
Comparing their food with that of others can stress you out
and it can have a negative influence on your body
and on your mind.
This cling film is a disaster!
-Ah! -Woman-get me another one right now!
Yes, yes, sorry.
As nice as ever, she.
Maybe the temper is just to get in shape.
Anyway, let's let it go.
All right, let's see, my personal calorie limit is 600.
Lady-of-the-night petal marinade.
Oh!
That smells good, that!
I'm gonna have one of these, I'm going.
Vinga, I'll eat it too.
Ah...
This one is more varied and there's a lot more.
I'm staying.
They are all the same, and there is the same one.
Well, that means that it's all right for us to change it.
Grrr!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
With my personal calorie limit I can only take one plate!
One of the reasons for coming here is also to diet.
Watch.
You start to see the moon through the clouds.
The Moon has a very powerful purifying power.
It also enhances beauty.
What do you say we go out for yoga now?
Count me out!
I'm not eating my dinner cold!
Aw, woman, don't take it like that.
You can poach your dinner later in the room.
If you're up for it, as a reward,
you can have some of these delicious strawberries.
-All right, then.
I'll make an exception. Perfect.
Go and leave the trays in your rooms
and we'll meet here for a moment in the courtyard.
Are you also going out at night now?
Yes, I'm going to the garden for a while...
to pick vegetables for tomorrow's breakfast.
We receive with joy this bath of moonlight
to purify our bodies and our minds.
Ah!
Atsuko!
How the hell do you want me to do this, me?!
I fold!
I'm leaving!
Atsuko.
Atsuko.
Please leave me alone all together.
(microwave: ding)
Now I want to have dinner.
I don't feel like being disturbed.
Okay? (microwave: ding)
Ah, that's right.
This is full of my sweat.
Wash me, okay!
Oh, that's bad, Yasuko.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine.
You don't need to worry about me.
Oh!
Ah, it's you.
What is it?
Has something happened?
No, no, and now, nothing special.
We just let Yasuko know and continue with the yoga practice.
Hm?
"What is this?"
Yasuko.
(Ran, Sonoko and Conan) Thank you very much!
At the end of the Atsuko and Yasuko have not come, to do yoga.
Yasuko... What's wrong?
I just went to Atsuko's room to check on her,
but I found the door locked, I knocked, and he didn't answer either.
Caram.
I find it a little strange.
Maybe I'll go, then.
-I can serve you tea in the living room. -All right.
(Dog: borda)
XXT!
Shut up.
(Tsukiko) Aaaah!!!!
Ooh!
(Dog: borda)
Aaah!
(Chiba) What's wrong?!
(Chiba) Victim's name was Atsuko Degawa, 26 years old.
Cause of death, cyanide poisoning.
We found traces in the dinner.
Also,
the bottle on the table also contains cyanide.
Do we know the estimated time of death?
Yes, between 6:30 and 7:30 in the evening.
From the time Ms. Degawa left yoga class
until the body was found, 30 minutes ago.
Atsuko...
When the body was discovered, the door and window of the room...
were locked from the inside, right?
Yes.
We know this for sure.
In the victim's pocket we found a key to the room.
And the spare... it was kept in the safe.
You told me yourself
that you went looking for it so you could open the room, didn't you?
Suicide, perhaps?
The Atsuko had lost his mind about the lawsuit
and was probably in a state of shock, so he must have...
What?
What is this about this lawsuit?
Everywhere she went she complained, that's why she was being sued.

What-what do you mean?
He had a very bad temper
and, apart from the trial he lost today, he had more pending.
Today, around mid-afternoon, his lawyer called him...
and told him he'd lost the trial.
And then she locked herself in her room.
I imagine she must have been very upset by the bad news.
Yeah.
She didn't digest the fact that she lost the trial, and that's why she committed suicide.
How strange!
There's condensed milk in these strawberries.
(Kaoru) That's true.
She must have been carrying it on the sly.
Don't you think it's a little strange
that she didn't think to eat the dessert?
Conan, a person who commits suicide is mentally unstable.
These things happen all the time.
Atsuko had a lot of lawsuits pending, and a lot of? people hated him.
He must have been suffering a lot.
Come to think of it, Kaoru,
you didn't... you didn't get fired from the restaurant where you worked before
because Atsuko reported you?
Is it true what you said, Miss Iimori?
Yes, yes it is true, ah,
but, obviously, this doesn't mean that I poisoned him.
Besides, here everyone serves himself his own dinner.
There is always a pile of dishes to choose from.
Therefore, it's impossible for me to know what I would choose, the wicked witch.
That's true.
Besides, I remember that in the end you took the bowl that Ran had chosen.
And what did you do after she left her food in the room?
I went to the garden, which is about a 10-minute walk away,
and harvested vegetables for tomorrow's breakfast.
And the whole other time I've been in the kitchen,
cleaning and preparing the vegetables.
Yes, it's true what he says.
"I've seen him working in the kitchen the whole time we were doing yoga."
See?
There's no way it could have been me.
He may have made it look like he was in the garden,
and gone into the room unseen to poison the food.
Don't you also have a key to open the safe?
(Kaoru) What?
Kaoru, don't tell me it was you!
You pretended to be his friend and instead I hated his guts!
-Tell the truth! What?!
Yeah, don't make that face.
In the laundry room, you were furious stepping on his clothes!
What? Is it true what he says?
Yes. Yes, it is.
But I've been doing yoga with all of you, don't you remember?
And during the break, I was all the time in the laundry room.
But after the break, everyone went back to the yard to do yoga.
and you, on the other hand, you went to your room without saying anything to anyone,
and you took the opportunity to poison her.
(Yasuko) This is not true!
What about you, Miss Satoyama?
Satoyama?
-(Yasuko) I was doing yoga with tothom. You have always been with us.
Hm.
- (dog: borda) -Oh, I'm sorry.
I'll get it, I'll get it.
What are you doing, Cookie?!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
(Cookie:) Huh?
-It's okay. -(Cookie: borda)
Easy, easy, easy.
There, there, easy.
Poor thing, she must have been scared.
Mm-hm.
I'll get it, that's it.
"Sure."
"It's gone. And he represents that he should be."
(Cookie: squeaks)
Come on, come on, stay still.
"Sure! I got it! I just found out the truth."
All right, well, we'll have to be escorted to the police station...
for further questioning.
Aaah!
Aaah... aaah...
Sonoko!
Don't tell me that...
(Sonoko voice) Yes.
All this has made me very sleepy.
But-but what...?
And since I don't feel like losing any more hours of sleep,
which are very restorative, I'll solve the case here and now.
What do you say?! Let's start with Kaoru.
Maybe you haven't noticed, but on your robe, on your left shoulder,
you have a yellow stain.
It's lady-of-the-night pollen, isn't it?
The lady-of-the-night is a very special flower
that only blooms when it's nighttime.
It has a very short life span.
In fact, it only lasts one night.
And what's more, the petals of this flower are edible.
"One of the dishes on the dinner menu was.
'Adobo of lady-of-the-night petals.'"
"This means that what you went out for was lady-of-the-night flowers."
Before you went out you didn't have this yellow spot of pollen,
and when you came back, you did.
I know, because Conan noticed it.
It's true, I told him about it.
(Sighs)
And you, Yasuko, you are not to blame either.

Even if Yasuko had wanted to go to Atsuko's room to poison the food
to poison the food,
it would have been impossible for her to open the door.
Because we already know that one key was in Atsuko's pocket
and the other in the safe.
So this means that, on the face of it, it could only have been a suicide.
So what do you say we go outside
and let his soul rest in peace?
Look what a beautiful moon there is.
It looks like she's grieving for the deceased.
No.
The Moon is not mourning the deceased.
All the moon is doing is radiating light on the truth.
Yes, Tsukiko, the truth is that only you have been able to kill the Atsuko.
But, Sonoko, why do you say that?
I'm saying that because you offered the strawberries to the Atsuko
because you wanted him to come and do yoga under the moon,
and you did it for a specific reason:
Because you wanted the Atsuko to go to dinner alone in her room.
But, even if I have done all that you say?
I didn't have time to go to his room to poison the food.
You didn't need to.
In fact, the poison was mixed alone with the food,
and it was thanks to an action that Atsuko herself did.
What-what do you mean by that, exactly?
Ran, try to remember how it all went.
When we went to Atsuko's room,
what was she doing, exactly?
Let's see?
I remember that shortly after we arrived we felt the microwave.
So, I guess Atsuko must have been heating up her food.
That's right.
And for that, we assume that he must have covered the bowl with cling film.
But what's strange to me is that the piece of plastic wrap
that represents that he has used has not appeared anywhere.
That's right.
We have not found it here.
But I don't understand how important it is.
(Sonoko) I'm sure everyone has done it sometime, that.
When you heat up something that's covered with plastic,
droplets form because of condensed air.
and these droplets end up falling on the food.
What would happen if the poison had been impregnated into the cling film?
Of course, I get it!
Tsukiko had soaked the entire first part of the cling film with poison.
the entire first part of the cling film,
let it dry and rolled it up again.
In this way, no matter what dish Atsuko took,
she knew that he would poison her
because she was sure he would end up heating it with the microwave.
The deduction is quite interesting,
but everyone saw that it gave Atsuko a new roll of film.
-How did I put the poison on it? -That was also part of the plan.
"And you only did it to show us that you wanted to show us that you had changed the roll
that you had replaced the roll with a new one."
But I started it in front of you and gave it to him!
I couldn't put anything in it!
The boxes of the transparent film can also be opened from the side
and take out the roll without starting the photo.
You are absolutely right.
Both the yoga class under the moonlight
and the changing of the cling film box
was all part of a plan that you had very well calculated.
Do you have any proof of what you say?
So that this famous poisoned plastic has not appeared anywhere!
Obviously not.
It has not appeared, because you have hidden it.
What?! And... and where is it ?!
Can you tell us why when you went upstairs to see what was wrong with Atsuko
you did it with Cookie, if she had told you that she didn't want to be approached?
Because...
You went upstairs because you had to take the poisoned plastic
and hid it in the pocket of Cookie's dress.
Inspector Chiba, look in Cookie's dress pocket.
Okay, it's here!
This is it!
When you went up to the Atsuko's room
with the excuse to see if she was all right,
"You left the flask full of cyanide on the table,
"You put the cling film inside the plastic bag...
and hid it in the pocket of Cookie's dress."
"But dogs have such a good sense of smell," she said,
"Cookie smelled the poison, even though it was inside the bag,
"That's why she's been running all over the place,"
and you haven't had a chance to definitely get rid of it.
Yes.
I admit that I am the guilty one.
But, Tsukiko, why did you do it?
About 3 years ago,
my parents were forced to shut down their yoga studio
because of a complaint from that woman.

They got so far in debt that, in the end, they committed suicide.
I didn't know that.
It has been 3 years since the day my parents died,
I have been working and giving blood, sweat and tears
to run the Chandni Yoga Center.
But last week,
that woman called me to make the reservation,
and she didn't even remember who I was or what had happened.
But on top of that, she told me....
I hear they sell a lot of celebrities at your center.
But if I don't come out happy,
I'll do whatever it takes to make you close it, he-he!
I was not able to forgive her.
And I wasn't going to let that woman leave me without my center!
That's why I've decided to shut her up for good.
She will never complain about that mouth ever again, never again!
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
your're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my bestfriends.
You look great, Ran!
This is a prize!
To be able to eat all the desserts you want.
You have to exercise, but you also have to enjoy your food.
Both are important.
You can say.
"Then for getting fat it's not worth complaining, eh?"
Yes, I will gladly accept your offer.
You have been asked to go to the TV program "The most useful school in the world".
The main presenter is Mr. Sakai.
There is also Mr. Ueda.
And Arita is the third presenter.
I imagine a piece like this must be worth a lot.
Yes, around 160 million yen.
"Such a valuable item would make even Kaito Kid go crazy."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The most useful school in the world (part one)'."

