(Shinichi voice) "They invited Ran's father
"to participate in a Nichiuri TV program
"Which is called 'The most useful school in the world'."
"When we went to the studios to make the recording,
"we saw Shinra Kimijima,
"an enka music singer
"who has come to participate in the same program
and showed us a very valuable Chinese vase."
"The vase was to be used for them to make an appraisal.
"During the program,
but, according to Kimijima, it was worth between 100 and 160 million yen."
"And lo and behold, the vase in question
disappeared during rehearsals prior to the recording."
"What happened? Has it been stolen?"
"If so, the culprit must still be the studios."
"We will melt the fog that surrounds love and the crimes
to see them more clearly."
"In the midst of filming, we will solve the mystery of the missing vase."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"The most useful school in the world (part two)"
Hey, Mr. Kimijima, you know,
since we've started rehearsals for the program,
I haven't left these studios at all.
And Mr. Sakai's case is not unique.
During the rehearsals, no one has left the studios...
no one who had a bag or suitcase big enough
to hide the vase.
I propose that we split up into zones
and we go back and look for the vase everywhere.
Boy, this vase is nowhere to be found.
It has literally disappeared.
"Disappeared"?
This vase is not magic!
Do you think it can disappear by itself, maybe?
It's a Qing dynasty vase, and it's worth over 100 million yen.
I'm sure that someone, when they found out how much it was worth,
stole it and then hid it in these studios.
Please, let's not jump to conclusions prematurely.
(Shinichi, think) "An object suddenly disappearing..."
"Come to think of it,
"Last week we did a very interesting experiment
Dr. Takikawa's lab."
"We put an artificial plant inside a test
and it suddenly disappeared."
"What had happened was
"That we had connected a tube at the base of the test
and, when it blew, the rice grains rose upward."
"The force that was holding the plant was decreasing.
"And the plant was sinking into the rice grains
as if it had suddenly disappeared."
"But in this case it couldn't have been that."
"What happened then? Did someone take the vase?"
Oh?
Mr. Mouri has the solution!
(Both) Hey?!
You could find the vase
using the famous deduction of detective Kogoro Mouri!
-Ajudi'ns like that other time.
W-Well, I..., it's just that I don't....
Of course!
I'm sure you'll find the vase, Mr. Mouri.
Yes, I'll find it, of course.
I'll find it, indeed!
As I tell myself Kogoro Mouri that I will find it,
this vase of Mr. Kimijima of I don't know what dynasty...
I don't know how many millions it's worth.
-Just let me do it! -All right.
I don't know if it's right to show off like this, father.
(Shinichi thinks) "And now he can't back out."
Well, as stated by the assistant director, Mr. Hashimoto,
when the first part of the rehearsal was finished,
the vase was still in place.
Wasn't it?
Yes, all things were where they should be.
Yes, I can also assure you that I have seen the vase there.
Well, the conclusion is obvious:

if someone has stolen that vase that is so valuable,
they could only have done so
during the second part of the recording rehearsal.
"The thief took advantage of the fact that we were all distracted.
"Looking at the puffed rice machine
to steal Mr. Kimijima's jar."
And then hid it somewhere in the corner of these studios.
Hey, we've all turned the studios upside down...
and found nothing.
Yes?
Well, there's one place no one's looked yet.
Huh?
Mr. Yamazaki, let me ask you a question.
Of course, of course!
Yes.
It's about the box of the puffed rice machine.
You're the one who checked if there was the vase, right?
Y-yes...
And are you sure that, when you opened it,
there wasn't Mr. Kimijima's jar inside?
How... how can that be?
I don't understand.
Do you think I'm suspicious?
Mr. Yamazaki, you had a motive to steal it.
What was it?
While I was doing my part of the rehearsal,
you took photos of Yoko Okino without permission.
I'm sorry.
It's just that I'm a big fan of Yoko.
Well, if this is true, why don't you respect her?!
-Ah! -(both) Aaaah!
Mr. Kimijima has been very angry
because he photographed the girl on the sly,
and that's why he took her cell phone and broke it.
You are very resentful with him, and that is why....
that you decided to steal the Chinese vase from him.
-Isn't it true? -Bah!
Don't talk nonsense!
Well, if you want to prove it's not true, all you have to do is open the box.
During the whole time
I've been testing the machine to make puffed rice,
I haven't moved from the set!
Tell me when I could have stolen it, Mr. Kimijima's vase!
-Don't worry, I'll explain it to you now.
At the beginning of the test,
everyone was watching carefully what Mr. Yamazaki was doing.
But then he asked Yoko Okino
to give the machine a whack.
From that moment on,
everyone noticed the girl and the machine.
And, of course, none of us would know where Mr. Yamazaki has been...
during that particular time.
-But that alone is no proof! - (woman) I...
I gave the punch because the script said so.
It was already foreseen that I would intervene.
(woman) What?! (Shinichi, thinking) "Oh, Lord!"
(Shinichi, thinks) "You've overflowed it again. That's because you didn't read the script."
"But..."
Father, I think you don't like Mr. Yamazaki...
because he tried to take pictures of you on the sly
on your beloved Yoko Okino.
Isn't that right? Shut up, child!
Do you think I do this kind of childish things?!
I'm sure this man is hiding something.
Just look at his face.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Even he's noticed."
Well, come on!
Now all you have to do is open that box.
Then we'll know the truth.
Mr. Yamazaki..., it's too bad for me to insist,
but I have to ask you to open the machine's box.
1It's just that..., it's just that...
Yes, I'll do it.
It's my... my snooze.
What?!
Mr. Yamazaki, can you explain what this means?
I'm sorry, I couldn't resist the temptation.
I couldn't resist the temptation.
As Mr. Mouri said,
I was very resentful with Mr. Kimijima
because he had broken my cell phone.
A big person like you
should know that you don't take pictures on the sly.
What a shame!
But, hey, you didn't have to break my cell phone!
It's not right!
I'm going home!
Hey!
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I realized that the handkerchief that Yoko was using
had fallen on a chair,
and I thought that, if I put the scarf and the picture of Yoko wearing it
on an internet auction,
I could make a lot of money.
Man!
This is not done!
Calm down, father!
Be still! Oh...!
But, let's see, how did you want to put Yoko's photo on auction,
if it was inside a cell phone that had gone bad?
It's very easy:
By configuring it so that the photos would be saved on the card.
"Even if the cell phone broke, the photos would be preserved."
Sorry!
Let's leave this case
and let's focus on Mr. Kimijima's vase.
Where should it be hidden?

(Conan voice) Oh?
Wow!
Where, Mr. Honma?
-What's wrong with you, Mr. Honma? -And you're still asking me what's wrong with me?
With all the commotion on this set,
I guess you won't be recording the show today, will you?
I don't know, we haven't decided yet.
Look, I have a job.
And I'm getting out of this cricket pot.
- (Kogoro) Just a moment, Mr. Honma. Huh?
You can't just walk away from the scene of the crime.
I want you to show us what you're carrying in this big suitcase.
Mr. Honma, did you steal my vase?
You can't have!
Mr. Honma!
Mr. Honma, I immediately saw that you were very interested in that vase.
-It's perfect. Ha!
May I know how you got it?
Well, well, Mr. Honma!
I can see it's an interesting piece.
Besides, when they were testing the machine....
-And now!
You're leaving, Mr. Honma? -That doesn't interest me at all.
You tried to leave here by yourself, didn't you?
What are you implying, Mr. Kimijima?
That I'm a thief, perhaps?
We're not insinuating anything here,
but this suitcase is big enough to hide that vase.
I see what you mean.
What, you're already convinced?
It's gone!
My vase is not in the suitcase.
I'm sorry we suspected you.
That's all right.
No wonder you suspected me.
I wanted to leave the studio with this suitcase.
Don't worry, I understand.
-Well, I'm leaving. Please wait, Mr. Honma.
Why do I have to wait?
We haven't decided yet whether to cancel the recording of the program.
We've already rehearsed Mr. Yamazaki's part.
We still need to rehearse the third lesson, which is up to you,
and if we manage to find Mr. Kimijima's vase soon,
we'll still be on time.
That's why I ask you not to leave, Mr. Honma.
Even if we were to find the vase,
I'd be surprised if we could make the recording.
-What? -No, nothing.
Don't listen to me.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Even if we found it, wouldn't we be able to make the recording?"
"What does this mean?"
"Does he know something we don't?"
He's very optimistic.
I know he wants to record, but we're running out of time.
-Enough, I've had enough! - (both) Eh?
Let's see, the thief is between us, right?
Well, I want the vase back right away!
I want the vase back immediately! -Calm down, please, Mr. Kimijima.
Apart from Mr. Yamazaki and Mr. Honma,
no one else has a suitcase big enough to hide the vase,
and we've already verified that it wasn't in their suitcases.
Well, where is it hidden?!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Yes, no one had a suitcase big enough....
to take the vase out of the studios."
"But we've turned this whole place upside down
and we haven't found it anywhere."
"And, of course, this demon vase can't have disintegrated."
"I'm sure we're missing some detail. But what?"
Yes, he's right: we should cancel today's recording.
Okay.
Attention, today's recording is cancelled!
The technical staff can now dismantle the set.
(Shinichi, think) "Dismantle...the set?"
-Hashimoto, do you have a box cutter, please? -Yes, sure.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure! Now I understand what happened!"
Hey, father, now you would have felt like sleeping.
What?!
We still have to find the vase.
It's not time to sleep now.
Ah!
Now, sleep...? What?
No... I can't sleep, now.
I don't have time...
- (Kogoro voice) One moment, please... (all) Eh?!
They'll take it down, the set.
First we must solve the case.
So what?
You already know who the thief is?
-Yes, and I also know where the thief is. Really?
Oh!
This means that we will be able to see
how Sleeping Kogoro shows off his great powers of deduction.
-The vase, though the THIEF has it. Though the thief has it!
How can it be, father?
I don't see anyone carrying anything in their hands.
I don't understand. (Kogoro voice) Look around you.
Look and you will see that there are two people wearing fanny packs.

Mr. Tsuchiya said that the set had to be dismantled.
"So, the inside of Mr. Hashimoto's fanny pack has been seen."
Yes, and I can show it to you again.
Look at all the things in the fanny pack.
(Kogoro voice) So, only Miss Shinobu Oki is left.
-It must be... -Stop!
This can't be any way.
Have you seen what it looks like, your fanny pack?
It's impossible for my vase to fit in here.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, I know.
But if you have broken the vase into small pieces, yes it can be.
(Kogoro voice) What?
I don't believe it.
My vase... broken?
But it was worth millions of yen!
Shinobu...
But, if it's true that the vase was broken,
everyone should hear the sound of it breaking.
(Kogoro voice) Well, no, no one heard it.
Please make an effort to remember the rehearsal of the second lesson.
"When everyone was looking at the machine making puffed rice,
"Miss Oki went behind the set, picked up the vase...
and put it in a bag so the pieces wouldn't scatter."
"And then, spying on what Ms. Okino was doing...
to get in sync..."
Everybody ready?
Come on!
"She hammered on the vase to break it...
"And then, without taking it out of the bag,
"She put it in her fanny pack,
and went back to where everybody was as if nothing had happened."
Of course!
The noise of breaking the vase has been muffled
by the noise made by the puffed rice machine.
-Is it true, that? - (zipper, open)
Why did you do this to me?
Why did you do this to me?
Answer me!
-I already know, why. -It's-Eh?
I've been staring at you the whole time,
and you haven't stopped nagging this poor girl.
No wonder, she wants revenge.
Is it true?
Man, but... as much as she'd like to take revenge on you...
...no one who's right in the head...
would break a vase worth over 100 million yen.
Now, you must keep in mind that this man is really hateful.
(laughter)
(Kogoro voice) Now I would like to ask Mr. Honma something,
if I may.
I would like to know how much he valued this vase.
-Do you want me to answer him now? - (Kogoro voice) Yes.
I think Miss Oki would rather not feel it.
(Kogoro voice) Yeah, but, if we don't get to the bottom of the case,
she'll look very bad.
But it seems that this is what she wants, isn't it?
(Kogoro voice) I know, but whatever.
There really is only one.
It doesn't matter if the result isn't what Miss Oki expected.
(Kogoro voice) Okay.
The Chinese vase that belonged to Mr. Kimijima...
it's just a very well-made copy.
Wha...?
But what does it say?
It can't be true!
So, that vase... was a fake?
How strong! Wow!
But before you said...
What do you think of this?
Look at it.
It's a good piece, isn't it?
Let's see.
Let me feel it.
It's perfect!
I don't get it.
You meant it was a perfect copy?
-Yes, that's right. -(SOMICA)
(Kogoro voice) You knew it too, that it was fake, I see.
If you had said it was fake during the program,
Mr. Kimijima would have felt uncomfortable.
But I couldn't lie about my assessment either, of course.
Therefore, faced with this dilemma....,
"...I tried to go home quietly."
Surely, she would also have wanted to do the same.
(Kogoro voice) Ms. Oki, you knew...
that Mr. Kimijima was very proud of his vase...
and you couldn't find a way to tell him the truth, could you?
When you were offered to have it appraised on television,
you had no doubt
that everything would come out in the most public way possible.
Because you hadn't seen yourself capable of telling the truth to your teacher, he would have to go through the embarrassment of discovering the truth,
he would have to go through the embarrassment of uncovering it in front of everyone.
Since you didn't know what to do,
you decided that you would prevent the recording
by pretending that the vase had been stolen, right?
Yes, that's right.
Shinobu, since when did you know that the vase was a fake?
A year ago, one day when I was taking care of his wife,
who died very soon after.
She told me that she knew the vase was a fake,

but that, like you loved her above all else,
I didn't want her to ever find out because she wouldn't be upset.
I promised you that I would try, but since I have not succeeded, I am not worthy to stay by your side, master,
I am not worthy to stay by your side, master.
Therefore I will give up my dream of being a singer
and return to my hometown.
Thank you very much for all you have done for me.
Shinobu..., please don't embarrass me even more.
It's true that I wasn't smart enough
to see that the vase was a fake,
but that said, I'm perfectly capable...
of knowing who's good for singing and who's not.
A little while ago I received a call that affects you.
We already have a date for your debut!
As the promoter never made up his mind,
I had to make my opinion very clear.
Don't make me repeat myself.
I've already told you that you didn't have to worry.
That's enough!
Will you please trust my opinion?
The Shinobu Oki is fantastic!
I'm telling you it's a safe bet.
What do you think?
You want to go home, though?
Thank you, thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you very much!
Congratulations, Shinobu.
Many congratulations!
Eh?
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
Mm?
Aaah...!
Ah, that's good!
By God, I've already solved another case.
But there's no way, I can't remember anything.
-Mr. Mouri! MM?
I wanted to make a comment about the tie.
Oh, did you?
Well, you don't know how excited I am, girl!
I wore it expressly for him to see you.
It seems to me that at lunchtime you stained it.
What a ?!
Bye, bye, see you again!
I'm in a state of shock...
(Shinichi, thinks) "About to die drowned by a tie."
The car!
What?
What do you mean?
That this girl here is the real estate king's neta,
Ozaburo Katayose?
The car of a madman?
What do you have to do with it?
The hole in the fence!
This is your thing, isn't it?
(Shinichi, think) "Which way the hell did he escape, the killer?"
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"The riddle of the Palau of the Red Leaves (part one)."

