"We saved a girl, the Kaede Nakakita,
from being hit by a car."
"The girl had been adopted by a very rich man, Ozaburo Katayose."
"In gratitude, Mr. Katayose has invited us to his mansion.
"The Palace of the Red Leaves,
"And we were amazed at the amount of 'trick art' paintings
that were everywhere."
"Mr. Katayose has two adopted children,
"Ogito and his sister, Nobue,
"who argue all the time,
which makes Mr. Katayose sad."
"Then, suddenly, Mr. Katayose has died of poisoning,
"But neither I nor the Ran could not watch
how the murderer fled from the scene of the crime."
"Which way did the murderer flee?"
"In the midst of the discussions between the Ogito and Nobue".
"Because of Mr. Katayose's inheritance,
"A letter appears that his father had entrusted to his chauffeur,
Eiko Suzaki."
"Close the umbrella and, when it dries,
contemplate the sun setting in the east."
"Check the two poles holding the red maple tree
And look for whichever is longer.
My dream sleeps under the red-leaf maple."
"We will melt the fog that surrounds love and crimes
to see them clearer."
"A locked room, an enigma, a murderer."
"Remove the red leaves and you will solve the mystery."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
The riddle of the Palau of the Red Leaves, (second part)".
Apart from solving this riddle, we must protect the Kaede.
At the moment, we still don't know who wanted to run over it.
It seems to me that I have a slight idea.
What is it?
It was the Ogito, who wanted to kill him?!
Yes.
When his sister told him
that the car of a madman had run over them, he replied:
Ah, yes?
What did they do?
Drive through without looking?
Kaede was with Eiko, the chauffeur.
Isn't it strange that she took it for granted that she was crossing the street,
instead of going by car?
So, it's possible that Mr. Katayose's murderer is also...
May I come in? Yes.
Since it's still a long way until dinner time,
I've brought this for you.
Don't pay compliments.
What an aroma.
It's black tea, isn't it?
I'll go get Grandpa.
No, grandpa!
Come on, don't cry.
Mr. Katayose was aware that he had very little time left to live?
Yes, he knew and was prepared.
Although sometimes he felt he was saying: "I can't die now".
And why did he say this?
Mr. Katayose thought that, once he was dead, Kaede would be in even more danger,
the Kaede would be in even more danger.
Poor grandfather...
he promised to drink black tea with me forever, but now....
Is it true that Mr. Katayose never put sugar in his tea when he drank it?
No, he never did.
Strange, isn't it?
We don't all have the same tastes.
But all the people I know take sugar.
Me, 5 cullerades.
But this is too much!
It's just that the teaspoons are small.
(Thinking) "Sure! Now I get it."
That what?
That the Ogito and the Nobue Katayose have disappeared?!
And what were they doing, the agents who were guarding them?!
Ah... It's just that the house... is very big, and like a labyrinth, inspector.
I hope you're not going to tell me now that they fled through the mountains.
No, it's impossible to escape through the mountains.
Look.
There's a fence around the whole property.
You can see it's an electrified fence.
I guess it's to prevent wild animals from entering the property,
like wild boars.
It must be dangerous for humans, that's why, no?
No, it usually has a very weak voltage and is harmless,

but when something comes in contact with the fence,
an alarm goes off in that hut over there.
I asked about it, and they told me that the alarm and the voltage?
are controlled from there, from the hut.
Look, it's over there.
This is where the property ends on the east side.
There's something glowing.
Yeah, I know.
There's a mirror on the end.
Strange, isn't it?
"A mirror?"
(Woman) Aaaaah!
Help!
Have you felt it?
There's a woman calling for help.
- (Woman: keeps calling) -It's Aunt Nobue!
She sits there! Come, hurry!
"It can't be! Another murder?"
Ah!
No!
Tieta Nobue!
Kaede, you'd better not look.
There's nothing to do, we're too late.
He's killed the arrow in his back.
Hey, look.
There's another arrow on the ground.
-Who called?
What happened? -Eiko!
Aunt Nobue is...
Ah!
I knew it.
Detective Mouri! Inspector.
Wow, it's Nobue's turn this time.
The wound is not very deep,
so I guess the arrow must be poisoned.
It's not an arrow from a bow, but rather from a crossbow.
From a crossbow?! Mm?
What's the matter?
Do you know anyone who has a crossbow?
Yes.
Well, it's... it's one of the son's hobbies, the Ogito.
There's, uh... there's a lot of trees around here.
Where do you think it might have been fired from?
If it got too close,
whoever fired the shot ran the risk that she would see it
and she would flee into the woods.
But if he fired from far away,
the trees could deflect the trajectory.
But he may have fired from up there.
Ah!
My tree house!
Yes, the killer may have shot from here.
Let's see.
Ah!
It's worth more than vigili.
What are you saying!
Don't you know that I'm very fit and that for me is...?
Aaaah!
Aaah!
But what the hell...? Father!
Aaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Eh?
I've got it!
It's the murder weapon, for sure,
and I'm convinced that the crossbow is the Ogito's.
It's obvious that he climbed up here and shot the Nobue.
And how did he get up here, without using the rope ladder?
He must have cut the ladder
after shooting with the crossbow and from below.
When you climbed up before, there was no crossbow, was there?
I don't think so, the Kaede has climbed up in the tree house before?
and someone had already cut the ladder.
And now what?
So... the Ogito must have climbed up without using the ladder.
But isn't it very rare for a murderer to leave the murder weapon?
Why is that?
I imagine that this Ogito must be very clueless.
(Mobile)
(Takagi) Yes?
Are you sure?
(Takagi) Thank you.
Inspector, it was the scientist's men.
According to the tests done on the arrows,
the one that the victim had stuck in his back
tested positive for a poison, aconitine;
the other, on the other hand, tested negative for aconitine.
"They have used cyanide to kill Mr. Katayose, and now aconitine?"
And on the left sleeve of Nobue they found a very small cut,
probably made with something very sharp.
I know how it all went.
The first arrow shot by the killer
is the one that cut Nobue's dress.
When Nobue saw that she was being shot, she called out:
"Help! Help!", and ran into the forest.
Unfortunately, the second arrow, the one carrying the poison,
stuck her in the back and killed her.
And how is it that the first arrow did not carry poison?
Because... the murderer only had poison for one arrow.
(Alarm) Eh?
What-what is this?!
It must be someone who touched the fence and set off the alarm.
(Alarm)
What's closing?
The electrified outer fence?
-Yes. But who could it be?
The Ogito?
(Walkie-talkie: acoustic signal) Mm?
(Walkie-talkie) What's going on?
"Inspector, we have found the prime suspect, the Ogito Katayose,
dead at the bottom of a ravine."
What?
At the bottom of a ravine?
Where did they find him, the Ogito Katayose?!?
Sir.
We found him here, at the bottom of the ravine.
So he fell from here?
-Aaaaaaah! -(alarm)
-Aaaaah!
Wow, what a cramp! - (alarm)
Well, I see that the killer could not have been the Ogito either.
Eh?

Why do you say that?
Everyone who lives in this house
knows perfectly well that the fence is electrified.
I don't think the Ogito touched the fence unintentionally.
In other words, someone pushed it and threw it down the ravine.
Hey, look at this!
Look at this!
What's that at the top of that pole?
I'd say it's a mirror.
Yes, it is.
But which way does it face, and what does it reflect, the mirror?
Sure, I know.
Unless it's not raining, the mirror reflects the sunset!
(Takagi) Ah!
That's why I said we had to close the umbrella.
Well, we've already solved part of the riddle.
-Which stick of the two is longer? MM.
(Kogoro) I would say the vertical stick.
We'll have to check if there's anything inside these sticks.
(Kogoro) -Yes. -Inspector!
The officers who have gone down to the bottom of the ravine have just confirmed the identity of the Ogito Katay.
the identity of Ogito Katayose and his death.
Inspector, I have solved all the mysteries of this case.
Oh, you have?
Yes, the murderer of Mr. Katayose...
and his children, Nobue and Ogito, is...
Miss... Eiko Suzaki!
What?!
But... but I... but I... I didn't kill anyone.
I'm sure that Mr. Katayose,
knowing that he was sick and had little time left to live,
had written a will in which, in case of the death of his children,
you would become the universal heir
of all your property, or a large part of it.
To get the inheritance, you killed them one by one.
What are you saying?
Stop talking nonsense!
No!
It is true!
Confess this!
Inspector, I'm sure you can prove it.
Yes, but first, could you tell us...
how you explain the mystery of the locked room?
Well, sooner or later... you'll see how... how I solve the mystery.
I'm sorry, but I'm not convinced by your explanation.
"Don't worry, I'll take it from here."
Ouch!
Aaah...
Oh!
Detective Mouri!
The little flowers do very well.
Eh? Detective Mouri!
(Kogoro's voice) I apologize,
and I'll try to explain myself in a way
that is more coherent and understandable to everyone.
Let's start with the mystery of the locked room.
"The Ran was in a place where I could see who was entering and exiting
from Mr. Katayose's meeting room."
"At Conan and the Kaede were also in a position
to see the outside of the room."
We thus have a locked room guarded by these 3 people.
We can also state that it does not give access to any subway tunnel, right?
No.
No tunnel.
So there is only one possibility.
It's totally impossible
that any killer could leave the crime scene.
But how is that possible?
It can't be.
Except for the victim, there was no one else at the crime scene.
The reality is that there couldn't have been anyone else inside.
So, if there is no killer, it means that...
...he committed suicide?
But this is impossible!
There was a second cup of tea on the living room table,
a steaming cup.
(Kogoro voice) This second cup was Mr. Katayose's alibi
because it looked like he had had a meeting with someone.
And what proof do you have of all this?
That there was no cup.
What?
Mr. Katayose never drank sugar and did not like to stir the milk.
and he didn't like to stir his milk and tea either.
That's why he didn't think of putting a teaspoon for the guest's tea.
It is true that he put the sugar bowl,
but, incomprehensibly, the teaspoon was neglected.
No way!
The reason for the suicide was the inheritance he was leaving behind.
Both the Ogito and the Nobue...
spent more than they could afford and had serious money problems.
Yes, but that is precisely why the owner was worried...
and thought he couldn't die, yet.
He didn't want to commit suicide!
-What was the reason that made him think that he could not die yet?
The owner thought... that if he were to die,
his children would try to kill Kaede.
Yes, but, unfortunately,
Mr. Katayose knew that he wouldn't last long and would die soon.
That is why he came up with a plan
that would prevent his sons from being able to do anything at the Kaede.
Wow! I get it.
He committed suicide, but he wanted us to think he was poisoned.

But something doesn't add up.
How is it that detective Mouri has invited if he wanted to commit suicide?
It is very easy to understand.
Mr. Katayose was very fond of riddles,
and he decided to challenge me to see if I could solve this one.
Of course, I understand.
But who killed the Nobue?
What we heard before was just a good interpretation.
Interpretation?
It was she herself who has torn the sleeve
with an arrow of the Ogito that she has taken from some place
and then called out to make it look like the Ogito was attacking her.
Yeah, but in the Nobue she was killed....
with an arrow shot through her back.
The Nobue's plan, after screaming, was to show that she had lost consciousness,
was to pretend that she had lost consciousness
and wait for us to arrive.
Unfortunately for her, however, the Ogito arrived first.
What?
He saw that the Nobue was pretending to be unconscious and he...?
That's right.
He saw her lying on the ground and stabbed her with the poisoned arrow.
But I don't understand.
How did the Ogito carry a poisoned arrow?
He always had one ready.
What?
The Ogito once told me that when he went out to hunt wild boars
he always carried an arrow impregnated with a poison he extracted from plants.
I see what you mean.
The Nobue had decided to set a trap for the Ogito
because he was accused of attempted murder,
so she could keep the entire inheritance.
But then, the Ogito found out...
what her sister wanted to do and murdered her.
But who left it, the crossbow, in the tree house?
Nobue.
Most likely she threw it from below.
If she had climbed up the rope ladder, it would have broken.
Needless to say, it was the Ogito who cut the rope ladder.
So it is clear that the Ogito was following Nobue...
with the intention of killing her as soon as he could.
If he had wanted to kill her, he would have carried the crossbow,
in addition to the arrow.
The Ogito was only carrying the arrow when he left the house.
I imagine that he has discovered the enigma
and that he was carrying the arrow to put it inside the sticks,
which is where he must have hidden
the fortune that Mr. Katayose left as an inheritance.
Let us suppose that this is so,
but how can you prove that the Ogito has stuck the arrow into the Nobue here?
Good question.
But I think the Eiko can clarify it for us.
What? What?
When he spoke before, he had a slip of the tongue.
When he heard that Nobue was dead, he said, "I knew it."
Why did he say that?
I don't know, because...
You suspected the Ogito from the beginning.
You were sure that he wanted to kill Kaede
and that he was the one who had poisoned Mr. Katayose.
That's why you haven't stopped watching him all day, am I wrong?
Yes, you are completely wrong.
I am sure that, from afar,
you have seen how the Ogito was sticking the arrow into the Nobue.
As he was not close, he could only guess what had happened,
and when we confirmed it to him, he blurted out "I knew it".
Sure enough, and after killing Nobue, the Ogito came here,
climbed the fence to check the poles,
but he got electrocuted and fell into the ravine.
- (Kogoro's voice) No, not good, eh?
Eiko, when the alarm sounded I remember she said:
"It must be someone who touched the fence and set off the alarm."
Yes, you said "someone".
How come she didn't say "some animal"?
As he watched every movement of the Ogito,
you saw how he went in and out of the hut
where the electrified fence and alarm controls were located.
"He then entered the hut, and discovered that the Ogito....
had disconnected the alarm and the electricity."
I wouldn't be surprised,
if you knew from the beginning what the solution to the riddle was.
Mr. Katayose alone could not hide anything inside one of the sticks.
It was necessary for him to have someone to help him.
The Ogito has surely discovered the enigma
and disconnected the electricity from the fence to check the sticks,
but you turned it back on.
Not only that, but you also decided to increase the power.
Did he do that?! Ah.
The Ogito, convinced that the power to the fence was disconnected,
"He fearlessly threaded himself to inspect the inside of the poles."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ah!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
It's true, it was me.
(Cries)
I did it because I thought he had poisoned the owner.
I was wrong.
Mm?
What are you doing, Inspector?
They're looking for Mr. Katayose's treasure.
Hey, you're wrong.
The writing said to look inside the long pole!
That's why we're looking inside this one.
But I am sure that the vertical pole is longer than the horizontal one.
Not true, the longer one is the horizontal one.
We have measured all two of them.
Yes, it is an optical illusion.
Mr. Katayose was very fond of these things.
If you place two equal bars on top of each other in a T-shape,
it looks like the vertical one is longer.
It is an optical illusion that was discovered way back in 1851.
Mr. Katayose made use of this optical illusion
and the horizontal pole is a little longer.
Inspector, I've got it.
I have found the treasure.
I don't think it's right for us to say treasure.
For Mr. Katayose, this was his dream, his illusion.
Wow!
It's a ruby, isn't it?
Wow, this is a treasure!
Look, there's a letter, too.
It's signed by Mr. Katayose.
"Dearest Eiko, if you read this letter,
"it is that I have left you and am no longer among you.
To you, who have done so much for me,
(Katayose)... this is my last wish.
I want you to take care of Kaede when I am gone.
She will be the beneficiary of my inheritance...
when she comes of age.
For you, accept the ruby with the letter as a token of my gratitude.
I will miss her very much, this child, I assure you.
Please, I ask you not to laugh at this poor old man,
and look at the photograph that accompanies this letter."
Who are they, these two?
Mm?
There are the names written on the back.
Ozaburo Katayose and Momiji Nakakita.
" 'Momiji' means 'red leaf'."
"Now I understand why the house
named it the Red Leaf Palace."
"For whatever reason, they couldn't get married,
but Mr. Katayose never forgot his beloved Momiji."
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
"The Kaede returned to Hokkaido."
"Without being fully aware of what had happened,
invited the Eiko to see her someday."
Eh?
A postcard?
(Kaede) "Hello, Conan. How's it going?
As you can see, the Kaede Nakakita is still as active as ever.
Come see me someday and I'll show you my new love."
"Your new love. You mean you're not exaggerating?"
Yes, Okayama is famous for sweet fruit, and here, women are chocolates!
Please, I want you to find out who I am and where I come from.
"A jewelry store robbery?"
But when I went to see him at the police station...
my brother swore he was innocent.
I can't!
I don't remember anything!
"If you want to know your past, find a lonely place."
"Quick!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"A trip down memory lane in 8 sketches (Okayama)."

