(Public address system: male) "Okayama, Okayama."
(Shinichi voice) "Today we've come to visit Okayama city."
Ah, how loud!
What do you say we go eat a fruit dessert?
That's great!
(Shinichi voice) "Okayama is famous for fruit,
like peaches and grapes."
"With the slogan 'Oyakama: the city of fruit desserts',
"Cafes and restaurants in the city
have organized a tasting of their specialties."
(Woman) Sorry for the wait.
Your glass from the castle
Ah, that looks good!
(Woman) Mm!
Mm!
There's a mountain of white peach, it's really good!
(Shinichi's voice) "A local online magazine has chosen the Ran
"To do a report on the city,
and that's why we've come to Okayama."
Yes!
The 5 best taverns to try octopus rice with sake.
Start the round!
(Girls: laugh)
Yes, Okayama is famous for sweet fruit,
and here, women are chocolates!
(Shinichi voice) "We'll melt the fog surrounding love and crimes
to see them more clearly."
"A woman loses her memory; in Okayama, we help her get it back."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"A trip down memory lane in eight sketches (Okayama)"
Hey, I'd really like...
Mr. Mouri to come to the food tour.
"The famous detective cuts the Gordian knot."
If the Sleeping Kogoro appears in the feature,
I'm sure we'll have many more readers.
Do you think I was only chosen
because I'm Kogoro Mouri's daughter?
Yes, I suppose so.
If my food stories are successful, I'll make it.
Are these turtles? Where are the voices?
(Woman: sings, far away)
Eh?
To Okayama was also born the painter Yumeji Takehisa,
who painted pretty women.
Yes, this painter is very familiar to me.
What is it?
It is the lyrics of the song that we have felt.
-Yes, it's true (woman: sings).
Yes, yes, the song that says...
...but I know it won't come.
The sadness of the evening primrose in bloom...
Oh, how beautiful... (woman, in the background) No!
Stop it!
(woman, in the background) Eh?
Conan! (woman, in the background) Eh?
What are you doing?
Let go of me!
Please let-let me feel again!
-But who are you? -No, please!
(Shinichi voice) It's the woman we've seen before!
-Leave me alone! -Or we'll call the police!
(Shinichi voice) What?
The police?
No, wait!
Oh!
Ah!
The chief!
It hurts so much!
(Conan voice) Are you all right? No, please don't come near me.
Hey, is someone chasing you?
If they chase me?
What do you mean?
I can't..., there's nothing.
I can't remember anything!
I have a headache!
How do you say, Miss?
Do you live here, you?
What... what's my name?
I don't remember.
I don't know!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's her!"
(Man) What's wrong with her? What's wrong with her?
I think we saw him a while ago.
Ran, please call an ambulance.
D'acord.
Not one!
Not one lousy rice and octopus!
What the hell is wrong with them now?
Post-traumatic amnesia?
Looks like sudden memory loss caused by some trauma.
We've seen bruises all over his body.
And will he be able to recover his memory? I can't say.
Fortunately, it seems that the brain has not been damaged,
so we can't rule out the possibility of her recovering it one day.
Doctor, the girl was not carrying any document that could identify her?
Gee, Father.
What took you so long?
You don't have to do anything.
She wasn't carrying any documents.

No cell phone, no ID cards and no wallet.
Do the police know? Of course they know!
A while ago they came and questioned us.
They told us that it's standard procedure,
but they know we're not guilty of anything.
Very well then, this means that you don't need me here.
Rice with octopus, I'm coming! Hey, you got a job!
Eh?
A job?
Mr. Mouri, I guess.
Servant!
I am the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
Please... please, I want you to find out who I am and where I come from.
I beg you.
Eh?
Ah, right.
(Shinichi, think) "As expected, Mr. Mouri accepts the job...
and we begin to investigate the past of this mysterious woman."
I've asked him to draw some pictures
with the first thing that comes to his mind.
I don't know if there's any kind of correlation,
but what we can be pretty sure of
is that each sketch is a small part of her memory.
MHM!
But they're just doodles.
This I think is... a bird.
A crane?
That's right!
It's a crane.
Like the ones in Korakuen Garden.
That's where we saw it before, while it was singing that song,
"The primrose flower".
This drawing here, doesn't it look like a cat?
You're right.
Speaking of black cats...
Of course it does!
At Yumeji Takehisa!
"Yes. The Yumeji Art Museum."
You remember, don't you? Yes, I remember.
But the problem is, I don't know what I was doing there.
That's too bad.
If you remembered, we'd have something to start with.
Yes, but there is something we know.
These drawings must necessarily be
of places you've visited lately.
That they're places I've been to? (Shinichi, thinks) "Yes."
"I'm not entirely sure, but it's a possibility."
What else do you see, here?
This looks like a peach, doesn't it?
And that looks like... grapes?
It's possible.
The problem is, we're in fruit town,
and he could have seen it anywhere.
Wait a minute, I think we have another lead.
That cell phone.
-Let me go! -Let-me feel it again!
-But who are you? -No, please!
Yes, I remember all this too.
But what I can't... understand in any way...
is why I've done something like this!
Ahem!
Leave it to me.
Famous detective Kogoro Mouri will cut this Gordian knot
and help you recover your memory.
Hello.
Ai, I'm sorry!
I haven't started writing the article yet.
Don't worry.
The editor of the magazine told me that we changed the content a bit.
What do you mean by that?
Why is he doing this?
First we will upload your photo and the drawings you have made
on our magazine's website.
And we will post a text explaining
that the famous detective Kogoro Sleeping Kogoro is investigating the case.
This will reach a lot of people.
Escolti, I don't understand anything.
How will you tie it in, with the dessert article?
Desserts and mysteries.
We have two lines of investigation.
But I would prefer to work on the dessert topic.
(Shinichi, think) "From the sketches,
we're trying to reconstruct this woman's memories."
"Except for the sketches of the crane and the black cat,
we can't find the places that inspired her."
"At the moment, she hasn't recovered her memory."
Eh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "We're being followed! By the way..."
Ran, please call an ambulance.
Okay.
(Shinichi, think) "Is it the same person? Let's go."
Conan, where are you going?
It's this way! (Conan's voice) No!
(Conan voice) Oh!
Oh, man!
What's the matter, Conan? Nothing's wrong with me.
Nothing is wrong with me.
And you, what's wrong with you?
Maybe you remembered something? Xxxt!
Silence.
(Musical dripping, background)
(Shinichi, thinks) "This noise.... Where is it coming from, this noise?"
Look, now you'll feel it.
It's been recorded very well.
Oh, that's nice.
(Musical dripping)
Let-let me feel it, please!
C-clear.
Listen now, if you want.
(Conan voice) Àvia.
(Conan's voice) Eh?
Where have you recorded it, this noise? Ah..., where did we record it?
(Shinichi, thinks) "It was recorded in the Nozaki mansion,
the home of a millionaire who made a fortune in salt."
"The building is also known as 'the salt palace.'"
(Kogoro) "The Suikinkutsu or 'water cave'.
"It is a pot buried upside down
"With a hole in the base,

where water droplets are falling and making an echo effect."
"It's a very refined widget found only in the gardens of Japan."
Wow, what a beautiful noise!
And you are absolutely convinced that you have felt this noise here?
Yes, I think so.
But...
But you still don't remember why you came to this place.
No.
Mayuko!
But where have you been?
I've been looking for you for ages.
-Huh? -It's me, Kanae.
-Mayuko, I'm your friend. Kanae, you say?
-Of course!
Mayuko! -Mayuko...
My name is Mayuko Kichise, right?
That's my name.
Yes, and I'm Kanae Nonomiya, your friend.
Your name is Kanae, and you and I are friends.
Oh!
We've already started to have messages, on the web.
Her name is Mayuko Kichise, and she works at a cafe in Okayama.
Customers and employees are sending us messages.
Now there is no longer any doubt.
Mayuko, you and I met at this cafe.
And her parents?
Where is she, her family?
When she was very little, they got sick and died.
I don't think she has any family.
Mayuko, I'm sorry, I think you're all alone in the world.
What do you say?
Are you starting to remember something?
-I do, too.
You said before that you've been looking for her, Mayuko, for a long time.
Yes, but I didn't imagine that I would find her with amnesia.
What will I do now?
If she doesn't get cured, my brother....
Will something happen to her, to her brother?
Please, Mayuko!
Think about my brother!
You have to help her, please!
(Shinichi, think) "Two nights ago, they broke into a jewelry store in Okayama
and stole 3 billion yen worth of jewelry."
"The police arrested a suspect, in Keigo Nonomiya,
the elder brother of the Kanae."
"According to newspapers, police found him unconscious in an alley,
next to the emergency exit."
"On the floor was a wallet with some of the stolen jewelry."
My brother has a record for robbery,
and that's why the police believe he's a member of the gang
that robbed the jewelry store.
But... when I went to see him at the police station, my brother swore to me that he was innocent,
my brother swore to me that he is innocent.
He didn't steal the jewelry.
He told me that that night, while he was passing through that alley....,
"...someone stunned him and set him up."
But... he told you that I saw him?
-Mm-hm. -Eh?!
He said, "I'm sure it was your friend Mayuko.
She's the only one who can prove my innocence.
You have to get her to come and testify at the police station".
And that's why I was looking for you.
Ostres, what a story!
Mayuko, do you remember anything about what you said?
-No, I don't. Don't worry about it.
Leave it in the hands of the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
It occurs to me that maybe she has lost her memory
so that the thief chased her to silence her and she has been traumatized.
Yes, that may be so.
It would make a lot of sense.
If she recovers her memory we will find the jewels and the thief,
and that way we'll kill two birds with one stone!
Hey, do you know where she lives, Miss Mayuko?
Yes, of course, I know where she lives.
That's perfect!
If we go there, maybe there's a clue.
(Shinichi voice) "Kanae explains Mayuko's problem to the owner,
who opens the door so that we can inspect the apartment."
(Conan voice) Look!
This is...
The couple on the slope carrying the Mayuko.
This means she has fallen down the stairs and lost her memory.
But what happened here?
(Shinichi, thinks) "This what... is this a badge?"
The man in the pictures, he's probably the person who has entered the apartment?
(Shinichi, thinks to himself)
From the looks of these photos, it could be her boyfriend.
This is where I live, me?
And that's my boyfriend?
Kanae, tell me something.
Have you ever seen this person with Mayuko?
No.
Mayuko doesn't like to talk about these things at all.
I can't!
I can't remember anything.
I have a headache!
Are you not feeling well?
Father, please, Mayuko must rest a little.
(Conan voice) MHM? (Conan voice) MHM?
(Shinichi, think) "It's an order for custom-made jeans."
"The date is 3 days ago, one day before the robbery."
MHM?
This store is very famous.
(Shinichi voice) "Next, let's go to the neighborhood....
"Where Japan's first jeans were made,

And in the store in question, Betty Smith's Cowboy Museum."
Yes, I remember.
She came in 3 days ago and ordered custom jeans.
These jeans will be one of a kind in the world, and from now on I'm going to live my life.
"Now I'm going to live my life."
This, I've heard you say before.
You've always been very independent, but you trust people too much,
and they always play tricks on you.
Every time you fall and get up, someone betrays you again.
And you swore to yourself that you wouldn't go through it again,
and that you would start living your life.
-You told me yourself, Mayuko. All this, did I say it?
Listen, what do you say we go out to eat?
In this neighborhood, the rice with octopus is really good.
Rice with octopus?
Let's go, then!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ay, ay!
Watch out, please!
(Girl) Welcome!
Just a moment, I'll find you a table.
How good it looks! Stop it!
Father, shut up!
-Hello, Nashida. Huh?
-You're Taira.
Hello. Yes, I'm Taira.
Long time no see, right, Nashida?
-Carai, you've changed a lot! -Yes, it's true.
In fact, I had no intention of changing my image,
but I've decided to turn over a new leaf,
and right now I'm planning to open another bakery.
You don't know how glad I am.
I'll mention it in the next article.
Let me introduce him to you.
He is a great pastry chef and lives here in Okayama.
His name is Kenzo Taira.
I don't know if you know that Mr. Nashida was a very respected sommelier.
Thanks to his wine selection,
I was able to make a magnificent dessert.
Yes?
Is this true? Oops, I'll turn red.
I'm taking over the gourmet section of the magazine
while I get a chance to go back to my old job.
-Ha-ha-ha! -Well, then.
I'll see you around.
Ah, yes.
Have a good one.
(Mobile)
(Nashida) Hello?
Ah, Mr. Director.
Do you want me to come right away?
Okay, I'm coming.
Sorry, that was the editor of the magazine where I work.
I'll be back here an hour or so.
I can't stay in dinar.
D'accord.
Hey, look!
This thing could be one of these pots for boiling rice.
Well, yes, now that you mention it...
Hey, do you think it's a souvenir of some place to go eat?
Oh! Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I can't remember anything.
I can't remember anything.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Mayuko, please, wait! Don't go away!
Aaah!
Ow! Oh!
Father!
Help me, Conan!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What is this?"
" 'If you want to know your past, find a lonely place.'"
Where are you going, Conan?
Conan!
I've been waiting for her for a long time,
but I know she won't come.
The sadness of the evening primrose in bloom.
It's only me.
(Woman: called) It's the Mayuko!
(Shinichi, thinks) "We've come too late!"
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
I swear to you.
I'll get my memory back, no matter what!
The grapes are gone, and there are twice as many bananas under here!
(Shinichi, think) "From another angle, things are different."
There is a very beautiful moon.
Mr. Mouri, please, you have to cut this Gordian knot!
(Kogoro voice) In fact, the aggressor appears...
in one of the 8 sketches Mayuko has made.
"Don't miss the next episode!"
"A trip down memory lane in 8 sketches (Kurashiki)."

