"During a visit to Okayama City,
"We meet a woman who suffers from amnesia
and we decide to help her recover her identity."
"The clues we have are the 8 sketches she has drawn."
"During the investigation, we meet by chance a friend of the woman,
Kanae Nonomiya, who was also looking for her."
"According to the Kanae, the amnesiac woman's name is Mayuko Kichise,
"And she is the only witness who can prevent
her brother from going to jail for a robbery he did not commit."
"If Mayuko regains her memory,
she'll be able to prove that it was all a trap."
"When we go to her apartment, we find out that everything has been turned upside down."
"At the same time, we realize that someone is following us."
"It's all starting to get worrying."
"And to top it all off, Mayuko disappears."
"Now we know her life is in danger!"
"We will melt the fog surrounding the love and the crimes
to see them more clearly."
"The lost memory is recovered at the end of the journey, to Kurashiki!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Why mienu Ashita he tone,
Kitai Kome aruiteru no.
Mada kimi wo omou.
Tochuu Mita ni zawameku.
Betsuri to Namida hikikae ni.
Nani wo sueño té ni shita no!
Inori dake kimi ni todoku tone and one.
Izayoi no tsuki ni Deau.
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Miseru dake!
Kanashimi wa shizenna genshou.
Yasuragi wa tada no inshou.
Kokoro moyou tokiakasu keyword.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mystery!
Are wa tooi machi no zanzou.
Megurimeguru amai tsuioku.
Marude natsu no arashi no Younes scene.
Aa sagashite.
Kusahara no Hikari kaze ni kieru you.
Misty mistery!
"A trip down memory lane in 8 sketches (Kurashiki)"
Nooo!
Help!
Sisplaaaau!
It has... that!
Mayuko!
Mayuko, speak up!
Did you hurt her?
Mayuko!
It's dangerous.
We should call the police and have him protected.
No, please don't.
They're the same officers who arrested my brother,
but I know he's innocent.
You're right.
Please, I'd rather stay that way.
Eh?
Thank you very much, Mayuko.
From my brother.
I'm not doing it just for your brother.
I've realized that I can't go on like this.
Not being able to remember the past is very painful, I feel totally lost.
But all of a sudden, all the weight of memories has fallen on me,
and I've made a promise to myself.
I swear to you.
I will get my memory back, no matter what!
I understand her very well.
I admire her very much, Mayuko.
I'm sure Mayuko is a very strong woman.
Wow, you've come to see a friend?
What a coincidence.
We lead parallel lives.
I was very surprised to learn that she has amnesia.
I feel sorry for her.
If there's anything I can do, you know where I am.
Thank you very much indeed.
-A reveure. -Bye.
Did you see anything?
I think I have.
This man looks very familiar.
He does? Sure, it's normal.
In Kenzo Taira is the idol of all dessert fans.
We did a special number for him.
You see?
This man is Mr.
Taira?
That's him.
When I saw him changed so much, I was very surprised too.
We only have 5 sketches left.
These sketches, what place do you think they represent?
MHM.
I have no idea.
Wait a minute, maybe this refers to...
the ritual of the pot of boiling rice.
The ritual of the pot?
"The ritual of the rice boiling pot has been performed at Kibitsu shrine for many centuries.
for many centuries, and is used to divine the future."
"According to the time it takes for the rice to boil in the pot and the noise it makes,
a prediction of good fortune or bad fortune is made."
Mayuko, what's wrong with her? Do you remember everything?
Quiet.
You are you.
You are that woman.
Do you remember seeing her before?
I'm sorry, I don't know why I started crying.
Maybe you had already had your fortune told with the rice boiling pot?
Yes, that's right, 3 days ago.
That means one day before the robbery.
Do you remember what he told you? Well...
I, what I want is to start all over again.
Get rid of the past.
This time I want to live my life.
It seems he wanted to reflect,
and took a tour of some places in Okayama,
the city where he was born and where he grew up.
That's right!
Now I understand why he drew the places he visited.

Readers have sent us more messages.
They tell us that they have also seen it in Kurashiki.
"Immediately, we moved to Kurashiki."
Oh.
This drawing... I think it's those wooden slats.
Of course, this is a Kurashiki lattice.
A Kurashiki lattice?
It's a typical design of this city.
In Bikaner, the old quarter, there are everywhere.
The neighborhood of Bikaner?
There is no doubt that Mayuko has visited this place.
(Do not feel it)
What was she doing there? Nothing, she asked me for directions.
Aaah! Come, king, you will help me.
(Thinking) "It's always my turn.
(He thinks) "It's always my turn..."
Conan, look at the camera.
"Then, one by one, we find the places that correspond to the sketches."
"Little by little, Mayuko begins to recover her lost memory."
Oh.
It's true!
I came here, to this place.
Yes, and here too.
I remember.
"Now there are only two sketches left."
This is... I think I know.
I think it's here.
(Kogoro) That depending on how you turn the disc you see more or less ogres?
(Kogoro) Wow.
(Kogoro) Oh.
The grape has disappeared and here below there are twice as many bananas.
(Kogoro) I get it.
The object has folds like an accordion,
and the grape is painted on the faces above.
And the bananas are the faces looking down.
That's right.
Since it's painted like this,
the mirror underneath only reflects the bananas.
When you look at things from another angle they look very different.
"When you look at things from another angle they look very different."
I've been waiting for her for a long time,
but I know she won't come.
There's a beautiful moon.
What do you mean?
What do you mean, there's no moon today.
There is no moon today.
Aah! Eh?
-You, stop! -Oh, excuse me.
Stop helping us.
-Come on! -Aah!
Are you all right? Yes.
No!
He's escaped.
This is...
(Door: stings)
Mayuko.
Is it now?
You've recovered your memory?
You remember where the jewels are, don't you?
You've finally taken off your mask.
Oh!
You're in Conan.
You know what?
I wrote this paper.
Ah.
Mayuko is back in the hospital.
But what does it all mean?
(Kogoro voice) Kanae, isn't she the younger sister of Keigo Nonomiya,
the man who was arrested for stealing the jewelry?
Eh?
Wasn't it true? You lied to us?
Yes, and I should have realized it from the beginning.
When a detainee pleads not guilty,
the only person who can see him is his lawyer.
And you lied to us.
But when I went to see him at the police station
my brother swore to me that he is innocent.
He didn't steal the jewels.
No... it's not true.
This is nonsense!
But I've already found out who you really are.
Conan!
Hello!
Look at this.
Isn't it the contract for a loan?
Kanae Ishida?
Ishida... Then she lied to us!
She pretended to be Nonomiya's sister,
but she didn't do it to prove she's innocent.
She did it because she wants the jewels.
But I don't understand.
Sooner or later, someone would have found out.
But Kanae is desperate because she owes a lot of money.
Yes, it's true.
I fell in love with a man and took out a loan to support him.
But the owner of the finance company is an exploitative mobster.
"Two nights ago, very late,
I went to Mayuko's apartment to ask her to lend me money."
"When I arrived..."
-Where are the jewels? -How do you want me to know, me?
- (man) Speak up! - (Mayuko) Let go of me!
(man) Ooh!
Aaaaaaaah!!!
"At that time, I didn't understand what had happened."
"But the next day, when I heard the news of the theft of the jewelry,
it all came together."
There is something that is not a lie.
On TV I felt that in Nonomiya denied everything.
She claimed that a man had stunned her
and had set her up to be arrested.
And it seems that Mayuko saw everything.
All this she says, I've seen it on the news,
but I don't remember anyone mentioning anything about Mayuko
or any other witness.
In fact, I don't know what happened between Mayuko and the thief,
but I'm guessing that she betrayed him
and then managed to hide the jewels somewhere secret.
If I played my cards right, I could pay off my debt.
That's why I started looking for Mayuko everywhere.

"But when I found him today, I heard you say he lost his memory."
"What could I do? Suddenly, my plan was falling apart."
"Then I made the mistake of talking about the stolen jewelry...
"With the man from the finance company,
who came looking for me to collect the debt."
"And then..."
He convinced him to pretend to be Nonomiya's little sister
and get in touch with us.
His mission was to find out where the jewels are,
and then he would take it upon himself to go looking.
(Phone)
Hello, hello?
Yes, he is.
Father, they're calling you from Okayama Police Station.
(Kogoro) "Conan has given them the license plate of the car,
and they've arrested a man named Osanai, the man who wanted to kidnap Mayuko."
That they accuse me of stealing the jewels?
Well, it wasn't me!
All right, if I had found them, I intended to keep the photo.
My company is about to go bankrupt, I'm ruined!
It seems that he confessed that he wanted to kidnap the Mayuko the old quarter,
but as for the rest, he denied everything.
I am sure that this man is lying!
He is the same person who attacked the Mayuko at the lookout!
I wouldn't be so sure.
Ran!
Ah... yes?
Do you remember any characteristics
of the man who attacked Mayuko at that lookout?
Characteristic?
Aah... Dooncs...
Help!
Sisplaaaau!
I know!
The assailant was left-handed!
Eh?
The Osanai is right-handed, I'm sure.
This means that today, at the Mayuko, she wasn't chased by just one man:
in fact, there were two of them.
"The first one is right-handed, and he agreed with the Kanae for following us."
"It was the man from the financier, the Osanai."
Then the other is the man who robbed the jewelry store 3 days ago.
"That's the same man who attacked Mayuko this morning, at the gazebo."
Mr. Mouri, please, you have to cut this Gordian knot!
In fact,
the aggressor appears in one of the 8 sketches Mayuko has made.
-Are you serious? -Ran, please look at the last drawing.
Understood.
It is the grape sketch.
This represents the Miyuki's aggressor?
Didn't he explain that he used to be a sommelier?
Yes, he did.
If I am not mistaken, sommeliers wear badges in the shape of grapes.
"On the Mayuko's floor,
"The shiny dot on the lapel of the man in the photos...
That was a sommelier's badge?
And just before someone attacked the Mayuko at the lookout....
Sorry, that was the editor of the magazine where I work.
I'll be back here in an hour or so.
I can't stay for lunch.
"He's looking for an excuse to leave."
Ah... Ran, why are you looking at me like that?
Do you suspect that I'm the aggressor?
Mayuko's assailant has a head injury
he gave her at Conan when he shot her with a soda can.
Mr. Nashida, how come you suddenly put on a cap?
But you're just a little bit of a jerk, aren't you?
I didn't put on my cap to hide any wounds!
Look here!
And here! Oh!
No.
Mr. Nashida is innocent.
What?
Is that so?
The sketch represents something else.
Conan!
Look, the grape sketch is not a sommelier's badge.
That's what it is.
Ah.
But this...
Isn't that the way to look at it, Mr. Mouri?
But this is Mr. Taira's Muscat grape glass.
It's like the effect of the folds and the mirror.
"When you change the angle, things look different."
Very good.
I'm sure Mr. Taira is left-handed.
"When Mr. Taira and Mr. Nashida have shaken hands in the hospital,
Conan noticed."
"Mr. Nashida held out his left hand
because he knows that Mr.
Taira is left-handed."
"Isn't that right?"
Exactly.
I did it because of that.
Oh.
That's right.
"I saw you dragging her with your left hand."
Mr. Taira, I think it's about time you showed your face.
I know you've been listening to us behind the door for a while.
I don't have the money to open another bakery.
The banks won't give me another loan
because I'm addicted to gambling.
And I forced Mayuko to help me with the robbery.
Miss Mayuko is your accomplice?
I guess she was watching outside, or driving the car.
Yes, it was just like that.
But I realized that man had seen the whole thing.
Oh!
He shot out toward Mayuko's apartment.

to ask her to return the jewelry.
"But the girl resisted and fell down the stairs."
"When she heard the Kanae's scream, she got scared and ran away."
Today, he read in Teruyuki's magazine...
that Mayuko has lost her memory,
and also, that I'm investigating the case.
"So, he has gotten rid of all the evidence...
"linking him to Mayuko..,
and before contacting us, he disguised himself."
"His goal was to recover the jewelry."
(Mobile)
Tell me?
Yes, myself.
(Mobile) Oh!
Okay, thank you.
Father, Mayuko has disappeared from the hospital.
Ah... Conan!
(Kogoro voice) At last, I see you've regained your memory.
Mr. Mouri.
In the old quarter, I heard some words from you.
There's a beautiful moon.
It seems to me that you were remembering what you had seen one night, long ago,
when he visited the neighborhood.
I try, and I try again.
And every time I try, someone betrays me again.
"I loved in Taira and he wanted to open a bakery with me."
"I could finally get my life back together!"
"But then he told me we had to steal the jewelry."
I realized I would never get out.
The best I could do was to go all out.
If I had to be bad, I would be bad, and it would sink me altogether.
Today, when she saw the ritual of the pot,
I saw tears come to her eyes.
"She remembered that a few days ago she went to the shrine
because he wanted to erase the past and start over."
"If he has regained his memory, he surely remembers what the Ran said."
The Ran was talking about you.
I admire her very much, the Mayuko.
I'm sure Mayuko is a very strong woman.
La Ran said that?
(Kogoro voice) I know her very well, and I know she is praying for you.
For you to get back on your feet and get out.
(Cries)
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
"This morning they arrested the Mayuko Kichise,
"And from her testimony,
the police have released in Keigo Nonomiya."
Oh!
Ha-ha!
At last!
At last!
Mam and Teak!
Father, what are you doing?
If you don't come, we'll miss the bullet train.
No, please don't!
My octopus rice! Come on, let's go!
The cervesaaa! Hurry up!
May I know where parents?
Eh, Conan? I have a horse flu.
A couple of strangers have shown up at my house...!
Come on, man, Masao!
If you continue with the joke, I'll get angry in the end!
It sounds like the story of the shepherd and the wolf.
However, at the end of the story, the shepherd turns out to be telling the truth,
and since no one believes it anymore, the wolf eats the sheep in the end.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A dangerous card game (part one)'."

