We wish you...
...a very good beginning of the year!
The "Detective Conan" team
are celebrating the seventeenth year of broadcasting the series.
We have cleared up a lot of cases that seemed impossible to solve.
And we have many more in the pipeline.
-Full of enigmas - Full of adventures!
-Full of intrigue! -And as always, surrounded by mystery.
And more interesting and intense than ever.
We hope you enjoy it until the end!
Ooooh!
Dear viewers,
I would like to share with all of you
the resolutions I have set for myself
during the 108th chimes of the home shrine.
The first one, to work on patience!
Ah!
The second one, to resist the sooon....
(Think) "Kogoro, you get to sleep until next year."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love You Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite!
"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"The accusation of a lying child
and a coded message in a card game."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite,
Matenrou no akari sae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo
utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuu iri no koi nankoufuraku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni!
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite!
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru gisourareta Aribas wo kowashite!
"A dangerous card game, (part one)"
Hello, Conan.
How are you feeling?
Eh?
Don't shake for nothing.
Ah... But it's...
It's all right.
You stay still.
Well... You do have a fever, yes.
Must be the flu.
You're all red.
"If I'm red it's for another reason, but wow..."
I'll be right back.
I'll get the thermometer and put you on.
Ran, it's not necessary.
It's just a cold, I'll be fine in a couple of days.
Look at that nasty cough!
It's a flu like a house.
Now, will you promise me you'll be kind until I get back?
I agree...
Ran, you have to go out now? By force.
To buy a thermometer,
you killed it last night with one step.
"What a shame, getting the flu on New Year's Eve..."
"I... I wanted to make the most of the vacations,
I'll spend them here in bed."
(Mobile) "Eh? Now they call me?"
(Mobile)
"It's at Mitsuhiko."
"With the face I'm making, does it have to be a video call?"
"May I know where parents are? Eh, Conan?"
Today we had arranged to play cards at Ayumi's house, don't you remember?
-We ate the pastries! -What are you doing in bed?
I've got the flu like a horse.
But I'm not that bad, just a little cough and malaise.
"Let's see, open your mouth and show me your throat. I'll send you to the doctor."
So it goes well?
Ah...
"Ah! My mother! But you've seen you well?"
Your tonsils are very swollen and red.
Not one, both!
It's an acute respiratory tract infection!
What?!
"Yeah, sure. So acute that it's called the regular flu."
"Besides, with a phone you'll tell me which tonsils you want to see."
I was just saying.
In any case, if you have the flu,
you'd better stay in bed all day until you're clean.
-We could go there ourselves. Good idea!
Yes, let's see!
Hey, I didn't invite you!
Besides, this is commended!
"Oh, what a pain. Now my fever is really starting to rise..."
- (doorbell)" - (Ayumi) "Oops, there's someone at the door!"
(Door: knock)
(child) -Hey? - (child) Hey!
There's someone?!
(child) Lo... Hello.
-Hello. -Hello.
What happened? -Some criminals have...!
A couple of strangers have shown up at my house...!
Ah!
Come on, man, Masao!
If you continue with the joke, I'll get angry in the end!
I'm really sorry.
My son has a temper that won't quit, just like his father.
Yes, and he's also exaggerated like his mother.
No, that's not true!
I assure you that I don't know them at all!
They are not my parents!

Sorry, we didn't mean to disturb you, you scoundrel.
-Help me! -You say you want them to help you?
Stop making the parents look bad.
-No!
Let go of me! -9 months I took you in the mouth!
That's soon enough, eh?! - Let me go, please!
And you have my slanted eyes!
The pride of the family!
-Where did he come from, this nano? -You knew him, Ayumi? -Did you know him, Ayumi?
No, I don't know him.
But if they live on this floor,
he must be the son of the family on floor 2806.
Urafune, I think they call each other.
But what about his father and mother?
Have you seen them?
No.
They live at the other end.
When you live in an apartment, you know the one in front and the one next door at the most.
In any case, what's obvious...
that you have a new neighbor who likes to make trouble.
You're wrong.
Call the police.
Because this kid I'm pretty sure
he's in trouble, and big trouble at that.
-What?! - The police?!
How do you know, that he's not fooling us?
"Because those are not his biological parents,
they've just made him look like that in front of you."
"I'm hanging up now."
"You call Inspector Takagi and please tell him to come here."
Ah!
But Conan!
(Shinichi voice) Wow...
Now I can... Now I can say... I have a horse flu.
-What?
Shall we call the police? -Truquem-los!
If you say it in Conan, you must have a reason!
Yes, but how did you know, in Conan,
that those weren't the child's parents?
You never know.
Maybe he knew about something.
If so, instead of saying "this child", he would have told him by name.
He only based himself on the voices he heard,
the content of the conversation
and the image he saw through the cell phone screen.
But I don't understand what makes you claim that there is no biological link.
Mm... I don't understand it either.
And if it's the fever, which makes him delirious and invent things that are not?
Man, but Conan is a serious detective.
I propose that for the time being we pay a visit to the 2806th floor,
to see what else we can find out.
We always have time to call Inspector Takagi.
-You're right. Let's do this.
Eh?
The Urafune family on the 06th floor?
Ah, they must be the new neighbors who arrived the day before yesterday, right?
I haven't really met them yet,
they haven't come to introduce themselves.
On the other hand, with the family before them, the Uemuras,
we did have a lot of strength.
-The ones before them were called Uemura? -Yes.
He worked at the Isobe company,
that's been in the news so much lately.
But when he had to quit and found a job at another company,
he immediately said he was going.
What is it, this Isobe?
A company involved in a tax fraud scandal.
You mean you don't know, but it's possible they committed a crime?
So, maybe that couple is involved.
Wait a minute.
Whoever worked at Isobe was the former tenant.
In principle, it has nothing to do with Masao.
This Masao, is he a boy with slanted eyes,
with glasses and about your age?
Yes!
Then I do know him.
You mean he has come to Masao to introduce himself?
He must be very polite, then.
What are you saying, polite?
Don't make me talk!
What?
Yesterday, when I was coming back from shopping...
and I was waiting in front of the elevator to go up, he was just coming out.
Wow!
Ma'am, you're so loaded!
What floor are you going to?
I'll press the button!
28th, please.
Thank you very much!
28 is my floor, too!
Oh, is it?
Look where it is.
You must be the boy who moved in just yesterday, right?
Yes!
My name is Masao Urafune.
Goodbye!
-He's polite and kind! -So polite.
If it weren't that he's going to push the buttons on practically every floor.
Now I get it.
What a way to waste your time, madam.
That's right!
And on top of that, the only one he didn't press was 28!
What a nerve.
Ma'am, this child, in Masao,
was with a couple who said they weren't his parents.
If that creeper says they're not his parents,
I think they must be.
God who wants information from the Urafune, from 06?
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm not much of a social networker.

But you haven't seen anyone strange in the building these last few days?
Not strange, more curious.
I saw producer Hida, from Nichiuri Television.
He's not that famous either, but he's on TV from time to time.
Come to think of it, I'd say he came in on the 06th floor;
in fact, I saw him.
You mean there's something big going on?
-Don't say that! -Do you remember when it was?
Well, it must be a couple of weeks ago now.
But if it was a couple of weeks ago, Masao can't have anything to do with it.
I've been going around for a few days too,
until yesterday at noon I decided
to ask the boy with the slanted eyes,
who was coming out of apartment 06.
I told him: "A few days ago I saw...
that a TV producer was coming into your apartment."
"That you know him, Mr. Hida?"
-This boy would be in Masao.-What do you remember if he wore glasses?
He did?
Yes.
And then, what did he answer you, he?
You won't believe it.
Yes!
From the program "Surprise dinner at the neighbor's house".
The Saturday night fan.
It was to record an episode.
He told me he'd be at your house tonight, sir!
Oh, really?!
I swallowed it.
My wife and I cleaned the whole house
and we made an exquisite dinner to look good.
But the hours went by and no one came.
It wasn't until after 8 o'clock
the damn live program was over,
we didn't realize that he had lifted our shirt!
I even called friends
to keep an eye on the TV.
I wanted to die of embarrassment!
Are you guys friends with that mug?
-No, and ara.-You can get the hell out of my house!
I'm not going to let myself get tangled up any more!
It's like the story of the shepherd and the wolf.
Does this mean that he's got us all tangled up too?
We understand.
Yes, thank you.
What are you doing, Ai?
Who were you talking to?
Say.
With Nichiuri Television.
I thought Mr. Hida might know something,
but there's been no way to talk to him.
Woman, if he's a TV producer, he must be very busy.
No, he's not.
A couple of weeks ago he was in a car accident
and he didn't regain consciousness until yesterday afternoon.
-What?
An accident?! - Ca... Shut up!
What if it turns out that the floor 2806 hides a secret,
that he discovered it on that visit,
and that's why the accident was actually provoked?
What if he discovered the same secret in Masao, then...?
Don't forget that he is the lying shepherd in the story.
Of course he is.
However, at the end of the story the shepherd turns out to be telling the truth,
and since no one believes him anymore, the wolf eats the sheep in the end.
Yes, well, that's how the story goes.
But we have no way of knowing if he is telling the truth or lying!
In Conan he said we have to call the police.
I think what we have to do is to get the intrigue out ourselves.
What?!
We just ?!
I mean directly go knock on the door of the 2806th floor.
(All) What?!
-They're Dena.
It's the kids from before. (doorbell rings)
What are you saying?
If this loudmouth would keep his mouth shut...
What are we going to do?
While they're here, send them in.
You'll keep your mouth shut enough, won't you, uncle?
You know who'd pay for it.
You don't want anything to happen to your mother...
Ah... 37,8...
There's no way she's going to get this fever down, poor thing.
You're chard!
You're the one who has the problem to expect him to come down so fast!
Now you've already given him the antipyretic,
let him stay a while and make me lunch, I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
And for you, I'll make you some boiled rice, what do you think?
Ran, by the way, Mitsuhiko and the others haven't called?
No, they didn't call.
You had an appointment?
Yes, we had arranged to have a card game.
Today you'd better get some rest.
I'll bring you the boiled rice right away, okay?
"I guess if they don't call me
it's because they've seen that I'm sick and they don't want to make me sick."
"If they've called the police, it's not a complicated case."
"As long as it doesn't occur to them
to get into the apartment of that couple of fakes..."
"Now that would be dangerous. But the Ai wouldn't allow it, of course."
(Doorbell rings)
Maybe there is no one there.
I think we should call Takagi, as Conan said.

But if we make a mistake, we will be the ones to receive!
Hello!
But you are the neighbors.
What's wrong? -What is it, in Masao?
Yes, it is.
But listen, what you said before...
I assure you that I don't know them at all!
...it was a joke.
You don't have to believe it.
Masao.
Do me a favor and apologize.
Don't you see that you have left them worried?
I'm... I'm sorry I deceived you.
You see, the poor man is very sorry.
Forgive him, won't you?
See you again, eh?
-Esperi. -Eh?
It's just that we'd like to stay and play with Masao.
Can we?
I'm sorry, pretty,
but we all have to go out together in the evening, today...
And a game of cards?
A game of syllables and set phrases?
And we can play right here, at home.
As long as it's not time to leave, we can all play a game!
I don't know.
Masao is not a card game.
Yes, it is!
And it's my favorite game!
I don't lose a single game!
Ma... Masao!
-With permission, then, we enter, eh? Thank you very much!
Hey, stop!
Where are you going?
Who told you to...? - Oh!
It's the same shape as my apartment.
But since it's decorated differently, it looks like another one.
It's true!
Come on, let's go!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
How about this play corner?
I agree.
But just one game, eh?
Yes!
- (Mitsuhiko) Come on, how do we do it? - (Genta) Who deals, let's see?
-L'Ayumi, right? (Mitsuhiko) -Okay.
-Tea. Thank you.
(Ayumi) Let's see... Who shall we start with?
(Thinking) "There's no obvious indication that they've disturbed the floor."
"Therefore, it doesn't look like they were looking for anything specific...
that might be hidden here."
"Now then, if Shinichi said to call the police,
it must be for something."
"What could he have seen through the cell phone screen that looked serious to you?"
-Oh, oops.
It's locked by dins.-Oh!
The toilet's here, isn't it?
Yes..., but my husband is here now.
He's been unwell for a while and won't leave the toilet.
There's another toilet at the back, you can use that one.
I can use that one.
Hey, sir!
I'm sorry I was poking the door!
(Man) No, man, no!
Don't worry about a thing!
If we do anything to make them suspicious,
these guys are liable to call the cops.
It's better if you and I stay here while they play the game.
Oh, and I'm warning you, if you even think of calling,
you won't get to know who the winner of the game is.
Come on, now it's my turn.
"He's as happy as a dog with a bone."
-Meva! -You take them all!
What reflexes!
Six in a row at the gates!
Yesterday we were playing with the father, and I practiced a little bit.
On the other hand, I know of one who hasn't hit a single one.
I need to warm up, give me time!
Come on, ready for the next one?
Of course we are!
This one will be mine!
"Little by little goes a long way."
"A"!
I've got it!
"More deeds and less talk."
"Misfortune does not come alone".
"La!
My!
Is it about to?
"No one is a prophet in his own land."
-Ah! -Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I touched it first!
It's mine!
This is not true!
I've seen it long before!
And a radish!
This card is mine!
And if we play a rock, paper, scissors?
Yes, man!
I won't give it to you!
The "neither" card must be mine!
"No one is a prophet in his own land."
Do you care so much about the letter?
Man, for Masao it's the first one.
I'd leave it to him.
All right, you.
"A letter that must be his..."
"And if he wants this syllable because he's trying to tell us something?"
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
Ma... Mother, in the washroom!
-Can't you go alone, in the washroom? -Will you towel me?
-What? -The one with the hairy crab from Lake Suwa!
"He-here... Now the pieces really fit together."
If we don't make up our minds at once, he'll come back and we'll be just the same!

Do you guys know whose cell phone it is?
"Oysters!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"A dangerous card game, (part two)."

