(Shinichi voice) "We're on winter vacation and I catch the flu!"
"It's bad luck already, eh?"
"As we had arranged with Mitsuhiko and co.
"To have a card game at Ayumi's house,
they make me a video call."
"As we're talking, there's a knock on the door at Masao's, from the 28-0-6 floor,
with a man and a woman who say they are her parents."
"I just need to see them through the cell phone screen.
"To know they're not,
so I tell them to call the police and hang up the phone."
(Mitsuhiko) "In Conan has seen it very clearly? But what if he's wrong?"
In this case, what we have to do is to bring out the intricacies ourselves.
And that's why we decided
that we would propose to have a card game in the absence of Masao.
(Genta) "He said he was good at playing syllables,
but he's slow and doesn't catch a single one!"
(Mitsuhiko) "The first one he manages to catch is a 'ni',
but in Genta he caught it at the same time and they dispute it."
" 'No one is a prophet in his own land,' the letter says."
and in Masao it says he 'must be' his!"
(Ai) "Sure, he's trying to use the syllables in the letters
To tell us something."
"The question is... what?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"A child's accusation and a coded message in a card game."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"A dangerous card game (part two)."
Well, ready for the next one?
"The pears to the elm."
-And now: "get mad as a monkey" - Mi!
- "Hide your head under your wing" .- Mi!
Ready?
"To have more heads than hats".
Eh?
Ah!
- "Known liar, no longer believed." I see it!
Five to go, only.
Let's see the next one.
- "From a good tree, good fruit". I got it!
-And I already have 7! -Ah...
Even if you fish them all out now, there are only 4 cards left!
So, this game is already mine!
No.
If Masao manages to take 4 in a row,
these are worth triple.
-Mother, mother, in the sink! -Eh?
We're about to finish, hang in there, man.
I can't!
I have to go, I can't hold on.
Well, what can we do.
Come on, your mother will go with you, let's go.
In Masao... can't he go alone, in the washroom?
Eh?
He has a claustrophobia problem, poor thing.
-He needs company.
En-Va, mother...
-Will you give me the towel? -What?
The one with the hairy crab from Lake Suwa!
If I don't have it, it won't come out!
Come on, you're talking like a spoiled child.
Come on, let's go.
What do you think?
Are they mother and son or not?
I would say yes, they are.
She thinks it was Masao who said "mother" to her.
If she were a delinquent, she would never have been addressed like that, right?
It could also be that she was forced to say "father" and "mother" to them.
What I find suspicious is that they don't leave him alone at any time,
wherever he goes.
Yes, it gives the feeling that they are marking her closely?
to prevent her from discovering them.
So, do you think...?
I think that Masao has left us the tools to find out.
The syllables "ru", "ko", "ni" and "te",
of the 4 letters he has taken.
And what does "ru", "ko", "ni" and "te" mean, eh?
We could try to play with the order to come up with a word.
I don't think it's going to work.
If you've put the first letter, the syllable "ni", in third place,
it must be for a reason.
So, do you think they are in the right order?
I would say yes.
And I also think he's gone to the bathroom to get that woman out here.

and that we could be left alone to solve the ciphered message
hidden in these letters.
Maybe so, but I can't make sense of it.
Read backwards it doesn't make a word either.
The problem is that if this man and this woman are phonies,
we should first find out
why they are posing as Masao's parents.
If it was a kidnapping, they would have taken him away from this house.
And if the objective was robbery,
they would have pretended they weren't here, instead of opening up to us.
I have an idea.
What if we call Conan and consult him?
I'm sure he can unravel it right away!
I don't know.
He's got the flu, his fever's spiked.
Listen to me!
If it's not her mother, she could be in danger in Masao!
We must talk to Conan.
Just in case, I'll send him an e-mail.
If he's awake and able to read the mail,
I'm sure he'll answer right away.
And if he doesn't answer, it means he's still asleep.
And what will you write to him in this e-mail?
What has happened since we arrived at Masao's apartment.
I still don't know how he did it,
but it only took one image on the cell phone
to know that that couple were not Masao's biological parents,
and she immediately told us to notify the police.
But we were suspicious of her theory
and we preferred to visit first the neighboring 28-0-7,
Mrs. Ueno.
Mrs. Ueno, 28-0-7,
told us that Masao's family had just moved in,
and that the parents had not yet met them personally.
She also said that the previous tenants of 28-0-6 were known to her!
Yes, a former employee of the companyIsobe,
investigated for a possible tax crime.
I think his name was... Uemura, maybe?
Mr. Otsuka, the one on floor 05,
told us he'd never seen them before, Masao's parents.
Now that you mention it,
he also said he saw a producer from Nichiuri Television,
Mr. Hida, a couple of weeks ago.
That he had just entered the 28-0-6 floor!
But it turns out that this producer had a car accident
and went into a coma, until yesterday, when he woke up.
What matches the stories of these two neighbors....
"... is that Masao is a troublemaker and, moreover, a liar."
We, to try to find out the truth,
we decided to visit Masao's apartment...,
and we proposed a game of cards.
He took 4 cards, with the syllables "ro", "ko", "ni" and "te",
and he left them here while he went to the bathroom
with the woman who claims to be his mother.
Shouldn't you mention the towel from Lake Suwa?
Yes, the towel of the hairy crab from Lake Suwa.
He said that if he didn't have it he couldn't go to the bathroom.
That's true.
"Send"...
To me, what surprises me is this towel.
A hairy crab can't live in a lake ever again.
Eh?
Why can't it?
Because it's a kind of saltwater crab.
(thinks) "Suwako..., Kegan..., towel..."
If I don't have it, it won't come out!
(Thinking) "Here it is.... Now the pieces really fit together."
Oh!
Tell me, Haibara, what have you found out?
You've found out something, confess it!
I have?
Why me?
Because you made the same face Conan makes!
A respect, eh?
But... it's true that I understood.
And I understood that Conan didn't make a mistake.
What do you mean, that "he wasn't wrong"?
Do you mean that it is true that this man and this woman
could be criminals?
Yes, they are pretending to be Masao's parents...
for a purpose we don't know.
Oh, tell us how you figured it out, that.
For the syllables you picked up on Masao:
"Ru", "ko", "ni" and "te".
I think he is sending us a message!
If you noticed,
in Masao he wanted to make sure of these 4 syllables...
"... by putting the letters close to each other because,
as they came out, it would be easier for him to touch them first."
"Then he went to the washbasin, and took the false mother with him...
to leave us alone with the enigma."
"In other words, he gave us time to solve it."
The poor guy had bad luck with the first card....
-I touched it first!
It's mine! Yes, man!
I won't give it to you!
The "neither" card must be mine!
Because you were just as fast as he was.
But what did he mean with "ru-ko-ni-te"?

The key to the enigma is obvious, he has given it to us himself:
"If I don't have it, it won't come out".
The... the key is...
the towel of the hairy crab of Lake Suwa?
Yes, the 3 Japanese words: "towel", "crab" and "Suwa".
The middle 3 syllables, which are "wa", "ga", "o",
can be changed to "wa", "ga" and "wo", which are connectors.
And... and these "connectors" that you say, what are they, electricity?
They are words that, placed before or after another,
indicate the relationship that exists between the elements of the sentence.
For example, the "wa" between "In Genta" and "is a boy".
-Do you understand? -Of course!
And the lake Suwa, "Suwako", in Japanese,
tells us that the "su" should change to "ko", now I see it!
And as for the crab..., which is "Kegan" in Japanese,
it says that "ke" becomes "ni".
And the towel, which is "taoru", says that "ta" becomes "ru".
-Correcte? -Yes.
So, if we now try to read...
what up to now were the syllables "ru", "ko", "ni" and "te",
and we apply the logic
the Japanese connectors in the first 3...
The first "ru" becomes "ta".
The next "ko" is changed to "su".
And the third one, which is "ni", becomes the syllable "ke".
Eh?
Ask for help!
That's right.
This man and woman who are pretending to be Masao's parents
are clearly criminals,
and he's taken advantage of the game to ask us to help him.
Yeah, but you mean this isn't another one of his schemes?
Yes, it could be.
It's far-fetched, but I wouldn't rule it out.
No, man, no!
If it was a hoax, he wouldn't have bothered...
to create a coded message for them to solve.
He did it to mislead this woman posing as his mother.
"And I don't know if you noticed,
"But when we were about to turn around at the entrance,
he was shaking like a leaf."
But then, his real parents, where did they go?
I can't tell you about the father, but...
the mother, I'm pretty sure where they're hiding her.
Really?
In Masao, apart from the towel,
he said something else that surprised us.
-What surprised us? -I know!
He said that he never lost at cards,
and instead he didn't take a single one!
Because he was interested in taking only those 4 to make us the message!
Or it could be when he went to the bathroom,
he said "mother, in the toilet", as if he were a small child.
He did this to get her out of the living room
and give us the space and time to decipher the message.
But doesn't he think that, even if he hadn't said it that way, that woman would have followed him wherever he went?
that woman would have followed him wherever he went anyway?
Yes, that too.
She won't want to leave him alone because she knows that, if she does,
he will try to run away.
If she has used these words, "mother" and "washroom" expressly,
I suspect he wants us to interpret them as part of the message.
-Part of the message? - "Mother" and... "sink."
"Help me."
Shut up, I know!
This is that his mother...
-Must be closed to the bathroom! -No!
Man, we can't be sure,
but this would also fit with the absence of the alleged father,
who has probably locked himself to the victim and is holding her.
And this implies...
We should have called Inspector Takagi from the beginning!
Yes.
Just as the grippy detective told us... from bed.
You must have worked up a sweat!
I'll bring you some clothes to can...
Hey!
Conan!
But if you had a fever!
Where did you go?!
Always the same...
I don't know... how we can help them.
-First we should rescue the tide. -No.
Stop the woman who is pretending to be the mother,
who is with Masao.
Listen!
If we don't make up our minds, she'll come back and we'll be just the same!
Don't worry.
No one should help us, nor catch anyone, either.
We have to limit ourselves to finish the game that we were playing
and leave quietly.
-You mean... you mean we don't do anything?! - Yes, woman.
So we went out and called Inspector Takagi,
tell him everything and let him take care of it.
If it's not that we have to leave Conan with a nose in the air
and he'd rather look like the main characters in the story;
then let's talk.

(All) No, no, it's not necessary, no!
-Do you guys know whose cell phone it is? -Huh?
-Whose is it? -It doesn't ring a bell.
Me neither, my it's not.
(Thinking) "Wow!"
-Exactly.
Because it's mine, this cell phone. (all) Hey?!
I left it on so I could feel what you were saying.
From the phone you were calling, which is mine.
So, we heard every word.
And now we know that you are not just some kids....,
but meddlers whom we can't let out of this house.
Where have you hidden Masao?
I don't see him anywhere.
Ah... Don't worry, about nano.
It's with his mother, well tied up and locked in the bathroom.
In fact, it's also the washroom where you guys are going to end up here for a moment.
He's got it!
You, the one with the pink headband.
Do the favor to bind your friends with the adhesive tape.
To you, as to be the last one, I'll take care of you, to hold on.
Of course you could refuse.
But there are always other ways to make you can not move.
(Woman: makes a giggle) Do not worry.
So we finish our work,
we'll disappear from this floor and you won't see us anymore.
And if you are lucky enough that the nano's father,
who is on a business trip, doesn't take many days to come back,
who knows, maybe he can still explain it.
Well, won't you tell us what it is, this job of yours?
-Ah... You'd like to know, eh? - (intercom)
(intercom)
-Come on, answer! Yes!
-Who do you say it is? -You think it's Conan?
-Hello? - "Hello, I've come to bring you a package."
"It's Mrs. Uemura, from 28-0-6?"
Yes, myself!
"I'm returning a package you sent certified."
"The addressee was not at home, we couldn't deliver it."
Yes, I... it seems to me that it has been moved.
"As it was registered, I should return it to you in person,
and you have to sign for it."
Of course, I open immediately.
-It seems to me that... Conan is not.
I thought that he would have read the message and come...
At least, that explains everything.
That what he's doing is hiding the evidence
of the tax fraud he's been accused of.
The sender of this package is the former tenant of this apartment,
Mr. Uemura,
who worked for the company Isobe, which is accused of tax fraud.
If I am not mistaken, the package must contain a signed confession.
And therefore it is a definitive proof by the prosecutor.
The same letter that Mr. Uemura was supposed to send to Mr. Hida,
Nichiuri's producer,
with the condition that he would help him to disappear from the map
and start over somewhere else.
But the producer had an accident and ended up in the hospital,
and so he never received the package.
The post office usually keeps certified packages for about 10 days.
Voy figured he should be about to return,
you decided that he would pose as Mr. Uemura, the sender,
and set you up to wait for the package to be delivered so that you could unpack it.
And... Mr. Uemura, now, where is he?
Either he is closed who knows where,
or it's too late and he can't explain it to us.
Maybe it has happened to him like the producer of Nichiuri,
who had an "accident".
From the look on your face, I'd say I've got it right.
(Door: doorbell)
-Go, we have him here.
Open up! -Yes, I'm coming.
In any case, what I'll do with you....,
I'll decide after checking the contents of the package.
(Man: makes a chuckle)
- (thump) - Eh?
Hey, what was that noise?
What was that noise?
Can you feel me? Entoma-la!
What are you doing, Conan?!
Why did you leave me behind?!
Put the handcuffs on her, run! Yes!
- (groans) -It's...
It's Conan!
Atxim!
What have you done to the woman?
Well..., I shot her an anesthetic dart with the watch,
and now they're putting her in handcuffs.
It's Inspector Takagi, disguised as a postal official.
By the way, do you want to know why Takagi...
had to wear this disguise?
Because, by reading the mail I sent you,
you deduced that this pair had come to the apartment
to wait for the package to come back, right?
What I wonder is how did you know the truth!

How could you be so sure that these were not his parents?
You've only seen them on a video call, on the cell phone!
Oh, right.
I knew this by the hair.
Masao was the only one with a widow's peak.
The widow's peak is a hereditary trait;
if neither parent had it, it couldn't be their child.
Hello!
How are we doing in here?
We've caught the criminals, you don't have to suffer anymore.
Mm!
Mm!
Let's see if you learn and do not lie again, you hear me?
Yes!
I will not say never again.
Never in your life, really!
Mi-te.
Just by opening his mouth, he's already blurted out the first one.
Ha-ha-ha!
A-atxim!
But I know
Namida wo koraeteru su Zutter.
Sono Mune ga kowaresouna Kurai.
Tsuyogatteitemo kimi no hitomi wo mireba.
Wakaru yo Sugus ni su
you're my boyfriend,
sound you can lean on me.
Sono Omois wa todoiteru yo,
Mune no oku ni hibiiteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutatte
I know your heart soba ni iru yo!
Ima wa tooku hanareteiteitemo,
Mune no koe wa kikoeteru yo.
Kotoba ni dasanakutemo wakaru yo,
Zutter you're my best friend.
Look!
He's finally been arrested!
I'm not surprised either, if he hired that pair...
to destroy the evidence that incriminated him.
And he also says they've released Mr. Uemura..,
who had been kidnapped.
Another case closed! (All: coughing)
Ah... You mean this cough isn't the flu I've entrusted to him?
Is it?
(Shinichi voice) Me, I'm already 100% recovered.
(Think) "Count on not getting sick yourselves, eh?"
Yes man!
And what does it represent that we should have dinner, us?
Sorry... Unload the Poirot and have them do something to you.
(Kogoro) No!
(Kogoro) No, no, no!
(Shinichi, thinks) "So they're always full..."
Our signature dish is so good it kills.
God of Death noodles!
If only it were true and this noodle dish could kill.....
Aaah!
"Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'Noodles so good they kill (part one)'."

