"Tonight, the Ran is away,
and Mr. Mouri and I have gone out for dinner."
"We discovered a noodle restaurant in the Haido neighborhood
and decided to reach out to them."
"Their slogan is: 'Noodles so good they kill.'
but the place is old and run-down."
"Also, shortly after that, Mr. Saizu came in,
"A real estate speculator
who intended to buy up all the premises on the street."
"Mr. Ogura, the waitress Sayo and Mr. Taninaka,
the owner of the barbershop next door, have been at each other's throats."
"Despite the unkempt appearance of the place,
they served us excellent noodles."
"It turns out that the slogan was telling the truth."
"But Mr. Saizu, who also ate noodles,
began to feel unwell and collapsed."
"He died of hydrocyanic acid poisoning."
"She was murdered?"
"If so, the murderer must be someone who was inside the premises."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Inspiration comes only from entering."
"The noodles God of Death will speak! The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Noodles so good they kill, (part 2)"
Inspector!
How did it go, the investigation?
Strangely enough, it turns out that the noodles were not poisoned.
What?
And, to top it off, we didn't find any poison in the victim's water either,
nor the flowers on the table...
nor the glass that served as a pitcher.
Well, this proves that the Sayo and I are innocent.
Even so, the thumb and forefinger of the victim's left hand,
the sticks he used, and on the surface of the table.
there were traces of a toxic substance.
What?
In fact, the amount of poison on the canes and the table is negligible.
In addition, in the inner pocket of the victim's coat,
the same toxic powder has appeared.
Can you think of any explanation?
Did you see Mr. Saizu put his hand in his pocket?
for example?
Well... I haven't noticed.
So it could be that he himself had touched the poison with his fingers
and licked them, right?
Now... now that I think about it, he said something before he died.
"My company is going under, I have a death wish."
And then he said
that if our noodles were poisoned, we'd last four days.
Yes, that's true.
Maybe he meant to poison the noodles and swallowed the acid by accident.
Yeah... We can't rule out the hypothesis of suicide or accident.
-You're right. -Mm...
Oh, by the way, Mouri.
Yes?
Can you come in and explain again what happened?
Oh, of course I can.
So can I! Stop, kid!
Don't bother the inspectors. It's just that... Oh! Oh, that's right.
That's right, it's true.
Let them investigate quietly, it's their job.
A child shouldn't see what they see.
Wait out here for a moment, if you'd be so kind.
Just a moment!
Apart from the coat pocket,
you haven't found poison on any of the victim's other objects?
Well... no.
We've analyzed the handkerchief, the wallet, the cigarette packet,
the lighter and the glasses, which were on the floor.
(Flow) And when you searched the 3 suspects,
did you find any objects that caught your attention?
Such as a container to transport the poison.
We did not find anything.
Mr. Ogura was carrying a pack of tobacco,
a lighter and a portable ashtray.
Miss Ohashi, a cell phone, a handkerchief,
eye drops and a purse.
The barber, Mr. Taninaka,
carried a wallet, glasses and keys.

Have you tested the drops?
Of course we have tested them, it's just eye drops.
And, by the way, the owner of the place...
was only carrying a cigarette that he wanted to smoke when he folded,
and the barber's glasses are for reading but he doesn't wear them much.
Another thing:
Mr. Ogura, when the victim fell to the ground, said:
"Idiot! You think we'll swallow him again?"
This had happened before, then? Yes, boy.
There have been two,
of faked food poisoning.
The first time, they called an ambulance...
and there was a big commotion.
Once at the hospital, it turned out to be a comedy.
The second time, Mr. Ogura and Mr. Taninaka..,
who was also there,
threw out the customer who had fainted.
One time it was on the street,
he got up and left insulting them.
And it turns out that both customers were Mr. Saizu's hooligans,
who had come to provoke.
Yeah...
Well, I'm going back inside to continue investigating.
Hey, wait a minute! What's up?
Although I have to ask...
Again?
You'll have to wait outside, you heard him.
It seems to me that you watch masses of detective series.
Do you think you're Kobayashi from the Young Detectives Club?
No, right now I feel more like...
like Kogoro Akechi, who has found out the whole truth.
Well, from what we've been able to find out,
the noodles that the late Mr. Saizu was eating
had no poison in it at all.
The water Miss Ohashi served him before he asked for it,
the flowers that decorated the table where he was seated
and the glass that served as a pitcher also contained no toxic substances.
The poison was on the thumb and index finger of Mr. Saiz's left hand.
of the left hand of Mr. Saizu, who was left-handed.
There were also traces of acid
on the sticks and on the surface of the table,
but in almost insignificant quantities.
We have not detected anything on the victim's personal belongings, ie,
the handkerchief, the wallet, the glasses, the tobacco and the lighter,
but in the inside pocket of his coat
toxic powders were found.
Moreover, before collapsing,
Mr. Saizu expressed his desire to die
or to poison the noodles so that the restaurant would have to close.
Therefore, it is very likely....
that he committed suicide by touching the poison he carried in his pocket
or that he ingested it by accident
when he was about to poison the noodles.
In other words, this case is not a homicide...
Of that, Inspector.
Hm?
Not only was there poison on the victim's fingers,
but also on the canes and on the table.
Do not you find it too hasty to assert that it has not been a homicide?
"The stool on which Mr. Saizu was seated
was the seat of a regular customer who had recently died."
"He knew it, and he was sitting on it specifically...
to get on the nerves of the owner of the business."
Even if he always sat in the same place,
the conclusion is the same.
As I have already said,
there were only traces of poison on the canes and on the table.
Everything leads us to believe that the acid he ingested was on his fingers.
In addition, we have analyzed the other canes in the canister and they were clean.
It was impossible to foresee which sticks he would pick up
and what point of the board he would touch.
Yeah, but anyway...
Ah!
Noodles, Marrameu, quality-price....
Aaaaaaaaah....
Mo-Mouri! Oh!
He's gone into his usual traffic state!
(He thinks) "It's me, I've put him to sleep with an anesthetic dart."
Sir, who is not feeling well?
Such a sudden fainting could be serious....
It's just like a puppet whose strings have been cut....
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
A puppet.
But it wasn't me who was manipulated, but Mr. Saizu.
As if it had been possessed by an evil spirit
after it entered the restaurant,
impregnated her fingers with poison and put it in her mouth.
Just as I expected... the murderer hiding among us.
What?! Hey!
What do you mean?
That one of the 3 suspects has hypnotized the victim?
No.
This evil spirit thing was just a metaphor.
Actually, the culprit...
has taken advantage of the gesture that certain people make
every time they enter a noodle restaurant.
A gesture that certain people make?
You mean that some customers have the habit

of sticking your fingers in your pocket when you enter a restaurant?
The poison in the inside pocket of the coat
was put in by the murderer to simulate suicide.
The culprit has something
very similar to one of the victim's personal items.
He applied the poison
and exchanged the two objects after the crime.
I-exchanged?
So...
Yes.
The culprit is still carrying
the object that has intoxicated Mr. Saizu.
Then we'll have to have it analyzed...
There is a quicker way to check.
All 3 will have to use one of their personal items
as Mr. Saizu would have used it.
I get it...
If the object belonged to Mr. Saizu
and the culprit is not used to using it, he will give himself away.
That's right.
All 3 have something that Mr. Saizu also had on him.
Mr. Ogura, the tobacco and the lighter.
Miss Sayo, the handkerchief.
And Mr. Taninaka, the wallet and glasses.
Let's get started.
Mr. Ogura, light the cigarette, if you please.
Miss Sayo, you will have to fold the handkerchief.
And you, Mr. Taninaka, will put on your glasses.
You will have to do it with your left hand,
just like Mr. Saizu, who was left-handed.
Gentlemen, you heard the man.
How should I tell you...?
Of course, we are not used to it...
It is that we are not left-handed, us.
It's hard to do these things with the other hand.
Hey, Mr. Taninaka!
Do you have a problem?
Your glasses are crooked.
I-I know.
It's just that I can't put them on properly with my left hand.
Why don't you hold them at the point
where the frame and the stem meet, like this?
You'll see, try again.
Eh?
Yes, yes, sure.
No, not like that!
Although it takes them by the end of the rod.
Yeah, yeah, it's that... Why don't you take them here?
Do... because...
He can't touch them... because this is where he put the poison?
Takagi, have the ulleres analyzed.
Right away.
May I, please?
Wait a minute, it doesn't make sense!
Since he came in here,
Taninaka hasn't approached the coward in Saizu for a moment.
It's true!
Between him and Mr. Taninaka there were these other customers.
He couldn't touch him.
He didn't even come close, in fact!
He didn't get a chance to put the poison on his glasses.
That's right!
It's true, here it would have been very complicated.
But in the barbershop, on the other hand, it must have been very easy.
If I understand correctly, before coming to eat noodles,
Mr. Saizu went to the barbershop to get a haircut.
Of course he did.
When you go to the barbershop,
the barber takes your coat and glasses to put them away while he cuts your hair.
while he cuts your hair.
Mr. Taninaka has, therefore, had a unique opportunity...
to put the poison on the glasses and in the coat pocket.
It can't be...
Assuming this is true..,
how did you manage to get Saizu to touch the poison?
We agreed that he hadn't hypnotized her, right?
I didn't know if Saizu would touch the poison.
(From afar) I was absolutely sure! What?
It's the boy!
But what is he doing in the street?
It turns out, if you wear glasses,
when you enter a noodle restaurant or a hot place.
the lenses are frozen.
It's true!
And, when your glasses do get foggy, you usually take them off.
Of course you do!
When your glasses fog up because of the mist,
you take them off right away to clean them.
That's how the poison got on your fingers!
But Mr. Saizu was left-handed.
If he had taken the handkerchief with his left hand, we would have found poison on the handkerchief too,
we would have found poison in the handkerchief too, wouldn't we?
(Kogoro voice) It turns out that Mr. Saizu was ambidextrous.
What?
Earlier he said that his parents corrected him as a child.
He wiped up the water he himself had spilled with his right hand,
but he felt more comfortable eating with his left hand.
Therefore, when Mr. Saizu entered the restaurant, he took off his glasses with his right hand,
he took off his glasses with his left hand,
took the handkerchief with his right hand and wiped them.
Naturally, he could not have known that there was poison in the glasses.
But what would have happened if he had taken the handkerchief with his left hand?
That's a good question.
If he was ambidextrous, he could have used either hand.
-Huh? -No.

The handkerchief was carried in the left inside pocket of his coat.
As he was ambidextrous,
he pulled it out with his right hand to make it easier.
On the table there were traces of poison
because he leaned on it with his left hand
when he sat on the stool.
And when he took the sticks from the pot to eat the noodles, he also contaminated them,
he also contaminated them.
The poison got into his mouth when he put the canes in his mouth
to separate them with his teeth.
And so, while slurping the noodles,
he ended up swallowing the acid that was already in his mouth.
By the way, Mr. Taninaka hastened to pass us the sticks...
to prevent Mr. Saizu from doing it.
If he had done it, he who had the poison on his fingers,
we too could have died of poisoning.
Therefore, Mr. Taninaka has come...
to make sure there were no more victims.
I-I don't understand.
At what point did he change one pair of glasses for the others?
If he hadn't been able to do it, they would have found out right away!
He exchanged glasses when Mr. Saizu was already dead
and Mr. Ogura asked her
to help her do it outside the restaurant.
When she fell, the victim lost her glasses,
which bounced off his feet.
Mr. Taninaka crouched down in front of his
with the intention of grabbing him by the feet
and replaced the glasses with others he had prepared.
Even so, how did he know that the glasses would bounce to his feet?
If Mr. Saizu had not dropped them, how could he have made the change?
how could he have made the change?
So far, there have been two faked intoxications in this place.
The second time, Mr. Ogura and Mr. Taninaka...
threw the customer who had faked food poisoning out of the restaurant.
It was foreseeable that, this time,
Mr. Ogura would react the same way
when the victim fell to the floor.
She imagined that Mr. Ogura
would ask him to help her carry him out into the street.
But this time,
a boy obsessed with detective series called out:
"Nobody touch the body!"
Otherwise, he would have had more opportunities to make the exchange.
Maybe the glasses would have fallen on the street and I would have picked them up,
or I would have approached Mr. Saizu when I saw he wasn't moving.
Inspector Megure.
The analysis of Mr. Taninaka's glasses has been positive.
It seems to me that we have irrefutable evidence
that directly implicates you, Mr. Taninaka.
(Ohashi) No, wait a minute! (Ohashi) Huh?
-I'm sure you're wrong! -Yes, so am I.
Mr. Taninaka is no murderer!
Let it go, really.
I don't deserve you continuing to stick up for me.
-What? -What?
I wanted Saizu to die here.
And at the same time, with a little luck, I could sink your business.
What?!
No one would dare to enter a noodle restaurant
where a customer had been poisoned to death.
B-but... I don't understand why!
We've been neighbors for 20 years, I thought we were so close!
Well-matched, you say?
Yes, it's been 20 years.
-What have you done, during these 20 years? -Me? -Me?
The others of us have been quick to save money
and we have given our all to turn Haido Street
into a modern and attractive shopping street,
while you haven't done a single sad renovation to your restaurant.
B-because... I couldn't afford it.
Horse races, regattas...
If you had cut back on various expenses, you could have saved.
A... this isn't...
If you want me to tell you what I think,
the noodles leave you with too low a profit margin.
And you've hired an assistant without raising prices!
The truth is that, as a businessman, you are a zero to the left.
As Saizu said earlier,
the rest of the merchants consider you the black sheep of the street.
That was true, at least.
The others always said:
"Let him renovate the premises or play the deuce at once."
They wanted me to be the one to ask you on behalf of everyone.
But, if that was what they thought, why didn't you tell him?
If I had told them, Mr. Ogura....
I wasn't able to tell you
because I loved the noodles at your restaurant.
You have kept the price and taste while forgoing profit.
I've always admired your generous spirit.
Come on, let's go.
We'll question him at the station.

I want you to know, and now I speak only for myself, that I have always trusted you.
(Weeping) With these good noodles, wherever you go...
I'm sure you'll do very well.
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
"At the end of a month,
"The barbershop and restaurant premises were torn down...
and Mr. Ogura disappeared from the Haido neighborhood."
"One day..."
- (Kogoro) Good morning! -Welcome!
Hey, look who's here!
(Kogoro) -Welcome! Detect!
Here, in Beika's neighborhood, everyone knows him!
It's no big deal...
(Think) "Only in the neighborhood or in the whole country?"
They have installed themselves in a new local of the carriage trade,
but, in fact, they haven't changed anything.
Ha-ha-ha!
We have changed things like the sign.
Mr. Ogura wanted to give it a more modern touch.
The sign?
"Noodles so cool they kill."
If you don't make up your mind, he'll catch a rival and you'll be left hanging.
Eh?
Good technique.
No.
She didn't kill herself.
She's been killed.
Wasn't she?
Oi, Conan?
Don't miss the next episode:
"The haunted hotel deductions showdown (part one)."

