Ran, you are a champion!
You came in first place in the Kanto karate championship!
I won thanks to the heel strike
that my friend Kazuha taught me.
(Shinichi, thinking) "I feel sorry for your opponent."
Well, I'm going to keep my deal:
I'll treat you to the free cake buffet at the Haido Hotel.
Mm-hm.
And I think I'll get fed up and get super strong.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Or rather... super fat."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"A young detective arrives. Does he have a rival, Shinichi?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The confrontation of deductions in the haunted hotel (part one)."
And so?
Tell me what he said, Shinichi.
What did he say?
When you told him that you won, you gave him an answer, didn't you?
What answer?
Don't pretend!
The answer to what he told you in London.
I-I told him that I won the competition..,
but-but I haven't given him any answer yet.
In fact, I've only sent him a message.
I would call him, but the truth is I'm embarrassed.
But are you an idiot or what?
Do you know how many days ago he told you?
No, I don't.
How many days ago?
Poor Shinichi will think:
"Oh, Ran mi, why don't you show me your feelings?"
"Maybe I have a rival, who has taken my place in his heart."
"No, please, my life is meaningless!"
"All I can do is cry until I have no tears left!"
He must be superdeprimit.
I don't think so...
(Shinichi, think) "Do you think I'm that dramatic?"
If you don't snap out of it, Shinichi will get another one.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Shinichi's going to be overdone, but you have to admit that he's very popular.
(Shinichi, think) "Gee, you..."
If you don't make up your mind, he'll catch some rival and you'll be left hanging.
Eh?
Oh!
You pervert!
Don't touch me!
What?
No, I didn't touch you.
Don't play innocent, because you just touched my ass!
Ran, you have to beat me.
Yes.
Hey, wait... Aaaah!
(Thinking) "You can tell she's a karate champion."
Good technique. (Think) " 'Jeet kune do'."
Oh, Ran...
Get out of the way, Sonoko.
The pervert knows how to fight.
Ah... Let me explain what happened, it wasn't me.
It was someone else. (Both) Eh?
I saw how he touched you.
And this boy also saw it, and he reacted by holding her hand.
And then Sonoko thought
that the hand that had touched his ass was hers.
-And it was this one. -It's not true!
How dare you touch my ass?!
AAAI!
Sorry, sorry!
Ouch!
Don't let me see you again, you coward!
I-I'm sorry, I was hasty, I could have hurt you.
Don't worry, it's all right.
I'm glad it all worked out.
Oh! (Laughs)
Wow, what a handsome boy!
Besides, I like them, girls like you.
You're excused.
Eh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "What's this about?!"
(Thinking) "Hey, I'm sorry, I'm the victim!"
Just kidding.
Where is he going? Ah, to the Haido Hotel.
Hey, that's strong!
Because I'm going to this hotel too.
What a coincidence! What a coincidence!
(Shinichi, think) "Are you making this up for tying her up, asshole?"
Thanks for sticking up for me, kid. (Conan voice) Ah..., yes.
(Boy) What's he saying?
That you don't have rooms?
But this can't be, I have a reservation.
I'm sorry, it's our fault.
We accepted your reservation by mistake.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This hotel thing, I wasn't making it up."
And you don't have any rooms available?

The problem... is that we are renovating the hotel annex,
and right now there aren't any free rooms.
-Well, think of a solution! -Aaa...
(Conan voice) Hey, when are we going to eat cakes?
I'm starving.
I'm starving.
Isn't it super interesting?
And he's as strong as you!
Yes.
If I did a karate match with Makoto, who would win?
That wasn't karate.
That was jeet kune do.
"Movie star Bruce Lee
"He was inspired by the kungfu he practiced when he was little,
"And he combined it with boxing, judo, wrestling,
French boxing, aikido and others, to create this martial art."
But it is a very dangerous technique,
because you can attack vital points like the eyes or the throat.
As usual, you come up with all kinds of weird stuff.
Changing the subject: where will it be, the free cake buffet?
In this part of the hotel there is no one.
Let's see?
On the hotel map, the cafeteria is on the second floor.
All right, so we have to go up to the second floor.
The elevators are in front of us.
Oh, hello!
Where are you going so fast? To the free buffet on the second floor.
Well, you'll have to take another elevator.
This one only goes up in the annex.
(Shinichi, think) "The annex? They said they're renovating."
Sorry for the inconvenience.
That's all right.
People should always help each other.
-Mrs. Hirukawa, I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
How did it go this time?
He's drunk out of his mind, as usual, and he hasn't stopped complaining.
But I gave him a good night's sleep and he started to cry.
-He started crying? -Yes, he did.
And he told me that when he's sobered up.
he wants us to go up to the room, and he'll ask for forgiveness from all of us.
That we go up to the room?
Maybe he's just doing comedy,
and when we go up to his room he'll start talking nonsense.
Yes, that's true.
And when it's time to settle up,
maybe he'll tell us he doesn't remember anything.
So it would be in our best interest to record everything he says.
That way, the other victims will be able to feel it too.
But... how do you want us to record it?
I didn't bring any device.
Neither have I.
I have an idea: we'll take my car and go buy a tape recorder.
He told me he'll be drunk for a while yet.
In this neighborhood, surely there must be an electronics store.
Yes, there is.
What do you mean the free cake buffet is closed?
I'm sorry about that.
More people came than we expected.
They've eaten everything.
Well, you should know that if they promise us something
and then they don't give it to us, people... explode!
- (explosion) -Eh ?!
Was that an explosion? (Shinichi, thinks) "It's coming from the parking lot."
(Woman: call)
Hey, wait!
-I think he's dead! -An ambulance was shouting.
What happened to him?
W-we were backing up,
and suddenly he crashed to the ground.
-No, it can't be!
This man is... (man) Oh, my God!
It's in Uesumi!
-What happened here?! - (woman) Hey, look!
Up there!
Up there on the rooftop, there's a suspicious figure!
(Shinichi) "What?"
(Conan voice) Can you describe her to me? I-I saw his clothes.
I didn't recognize him, maybe he was a friend of Uesumi.
Ran, call the police and watch the parking lot with the guard.
Yes.
In the meantime, these gentlemen and I will go up on the roof.
(Elevator: doorbell)
Ah!
Ouch!
Oh... (Shinichi, thinks) "This elevator has two doors...
(Shinichi, thinks) "This elevator has two doors..."
What are you waiting for, Mrs. Hirukawa?
You don't mind if I stay here, do you?
I'm really scared.
Come on, get out.
We went up to the roof for you.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The shoes on top of the jacket."
He... committed suicide?
And who is the person Mrs. Hirukawa saw?
Maybe that's what it was, the jacket in the wind.
It was my fault.
I said some harsh things to her, and she couldn't take the pressure.
(Conan voice) No.
She didn't commit suicide.
They have killed her.
Eh?
Didn't they?
Oi, Conan?
(Woman) She's been murdered?!
Have you seen someone who has pushed him to make him fall in the parking lot?
No.
A while ago, I saw them talking in front of the elevators.
I heard them say that the deceased was drunk.

Thanks to my job, I have a very fine ear.
(Shinichi, think) "Your job?" Why do you say it's not suicide?
Look, he's left his shoes on well.
This is a preconceived idea that people have.
I have seen many cases of suicides who have jumped off a building.
And none of the victims had removed their shoes.
(Shinichi, think) "Have you seen suicides who have jumped off a building?"
Yes, we have this idea in our heads?
because we've seen it a thousand times in movies.
Every time we see a pair of shoes to the railing of a rooftop,
with a note in it, let's assume that someone has thrown it over the edge.
Another thing that used to be done a lot, but is not done so much nowadays,
is to show the hanged people with a trail of blood
coming out of their mouths.
This is done so that the spectators realize that there is a dead person and because the scene has more impact.
and because the scene has more impact.
As we have all seen it so many times in the movies and on TV,
we think that suicidal people take off their shoes
before jumping into the void.
But, in this case, we know that the man was very drunk.
And he said he needed time to sober up.
It's impossible for someone who's that drunk to take off his shoes
and leave them so well on top of his jacket.
And it's also impossible that they left them like that to make a joke....,
because they are aligned with the point from which the victim has fallen.
For these reasons, there is only one possible conclusion here.
She was murdered but they want us to believe that it was a suicide.
Am I right, kiddo?
But then, where is the murderer?
Don't worry, it won't take long to arrest him.
Before going up to the roof I talked to the guard
and told him to watch the elevator and the stairs.
-What's... going on here? -May I know who you are?
Ah, yes, my name is Sera.
And like this little guy here... I'm a detective.
What is it?
That you haven't seen anyone?
You mean, apart from the victim, there was no one else in the annex?
That's right.
According to the guard who was watching the elevator and the stairs,
you're the only ones he unloaded from the roof.
And you, who are you? He says... he says he's a detective.
A what?
Detective? (thinks) "More stones in the shoe."
But what was this man doing up there?
The annex is under construction, and in theory no one can go up there.
The victim's name is Teo Uesumi,
and he is the son of the owner of this hotel.
He was staying in one of the rooms in the annex,
because he wanted to avoid the media.
What media? Was he famous, this man?
More or less.
He set up a scam with a money remittance company.
"He was arrested but there was no evidence,
and now he's on the front pages of the tabloids."
Last week, the media found out that he was here
and they all came at once to interview him.
"Mr. Uesumi became hysterical,
and threw a fire extinguisher out of a sixth-floor window."
"As a result, the hotel management closed the annex....
and many people had to leave."
In fact, rumor has it that the work on the annex was just an excuse...
to force him to go abroad.
Yes, we, the victims of the scam, have also felt it,
and that's why we came here.
-Before you go to another country, we just wanted you to apologize.
And did you see him, Mr. Uesumi?
Yes.
I was the first one to go up to the room.
Suddenly, he started to cry...
and told me that he wanted to confess his crime and ask us for forgiveness,
but he was drunk and first he had to calm down.
We thought that if he confessed everything, we'd better record it.
"The best solution was to go all 3 of us to an electronics store
and buy a tape recorder."
"We got into my car, the parking lot."
"And all of a sudden, as I was reversing...,
it fell before our eyes!"
Just as I was reversing?
Inspector.
Mm?
Maybe they've tied a rope in the car,
and the other end was tied to Uesumi,
and when she backed up, it made her fall.
When she fell, did someone touch her car or the body?
I don't know.
Because when the lady said
that she had seen a suspicious figure on the roof,
we all went upstairs immediately.

And I told the Ran to stay here with the Sonoko and the guard,
to guard the car and the corpse.
No? Mm.
It seems that the suspicious figure I saw was an optical effect.
Be that as it may, there must be some trace in the building.
Takagi, go check it out now.
D'acord.
This doesn't add up.
Earlier, while waiting for the elevator...
"I know for sure he stopped at the sixth and second."
What?
That it stopped? And when was this?
During the commotion that happened right after.
When the little boy took the lady and the two others
in the elevator to go up to the roof.
The elevator went up to the sixth floor without stopping,
but then the second one stopped.
But, in this area of the hotel, there are two elevators.
Since I was the only guest in Uesumi,
it seems that only one of the two elevators was working.
So, it is possible that the killer is still in there.
Yes.
The agents are searching the entire building,
but they haven't found any intruders yet.
What about the security cameras?
There are the elevators and the lobby.
The problem is that when Uesumi went crazy...,
"...he spray-painted all the walls..,
and he also spray-painted the lenses of the security cameras."
And that's why they haven't been able to record anything.
(He thinks) "So, the annex is like a black box."
(Shinichi, thinks) "I get it: no one can see what's inside."
This is getting interesting, isn't it, boy?
Please watch what you say.
A person just died. (Both) Ah, yes...
Be that as it may, what you've told us needs to be investigated.
Why did it stop on the second floor, the elevator in the annex?
I'm sure it's true.
But if you explain it to them, I don't know how they will react.
It doesn't matter, we owe it to them to tell them.
What's going on here?
Inspector, it's just a rumor, but they say that...
They say he's appearing in this annex.
But what's appearing? A ghost, a ghost!
There are people who have seen the empty wheelchair of an old man,
that some nights circulates through the corridors of the annex!
Maybe the ghost has touched the elevator button to go to the second elevator!
Please calm down.
If the wheelchair is empty,
how do you know it belongs to the ghost of an old man?
Because it's my father's chair.
My mother fell victim to Uesumi's scam.
"Because of the upset, she had to be admitted to the hospital."
"Then, my father rented a room in the hotel annex,
and every day he went to knock on en Uesumi's door."
"He didn't want me to pay him back,
I just wanted him to apologize to my mother."
And then, the father learned that the mother had died in the hospital.
And that night....,
"...he committed suicide in his hotel room."
"As the father was not well,
the hotel had provided him with an electric wheelchair."
"I guess that's where the rumor came from."
Do you remember your father's room number?
I know it was the second floor.
(Elevator: doorbell)
Boy, he left the place a mess.
They had no choice but to renovate.
What, Chiba, have you found someone? No, not yet.
Mm?
What's it doing here, the chair? Well, I don't know.
When I found it, though it was moving by itself.
(Shinichi, think) "It was moving by itself?"
Someone had tied a fishing line between the wheels.
I asked the hotel staff.
They explained that Uesumi used it in teo,
the man who fell in the parking lot.
Why?
That it wasn't working properly?
Yes, it seems that he only used it...
to get around the corridors of the annex.
It was a carry-on case.
Mm.
If so, it's possible...
that the rumor of the ghost originated from Uesumi himself.
Maybe he wanted to scare the victims who came to see him,
the same apartment where that old man committed suicide.
"And he tied the fishing line to the chair
because it seemed to move by itself."
Maybe yes, it would make sense.
But this piece of fishing line is very long,
and at one end someone has tied a bunch of cut rubber bands.
(Conan's voice) The marks on the footrests
indicate that he has bumped into something.
(Shinichi, think) "The victim, in teo Uesumi,
"He was the mastermind of a gang that swindled people.

Through a money remittance company."
"Mrs. Hirukawa and two other victims
have come to the Haido Hotel to talk to Uesumi."
"This one has confessed everything,
but asked them to wait for him to sober up."
"The victims took the car to go buy a tape recorder,
"And as they were leaving the parking lot,
Uesumi crashed on the ground in front of him."
"On the rooftop, we found the victim's jacket, with the shoes."
"It seems that someone wants us to think that in Uesumi has committed suicide."
"According to the testimony of an alleged detective.
"When we went up to the rooftop,
"The elevator stopped at the sixth and second floor
before going down to the second floor."
"On the second floor they found a wheelchair that moved by itself."
"Someone has tied a fishing line between the wheels
and, at one end, some cut rubber bands."
"Is it possible that the murderer used the wheelchair
to make Uesumi fall into the void?"
"But how did he do it?"
"And above all, who is this boy, Sera?"
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
-Mrs. Hirukawa is the murderer (both) Eh?!
Could you tell us your deductions?
We will listen to you carefully, and correct you, if necessary.
Okay.
This voice on the cell phone, is it in Kudo?
I called him to explain everything we know about the case,
and he's already solved it.
(Thinking) "Shinichi Kudo?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Confrontation of Deductions at the Haunted Hotel (Part Two) '."

