"The Sonoko invited Ran and me to a free cake buffet at the Haido Hotel.
to a free cake buffet at the Haido Hotel."
"On the bus,
Ran measures her strength against a 'jeet kune do' expert
who fights as well as she does."
"Who her being?"
"When we arrive at the Haido hotel, the free buffet has already closed."
"The Sonoko and Ran are very disappointed."
"Suddenly, it feels like an explosion."
"A man rushed into the void in the hotel parking lot,
from the annex of the building."
"Toshiko Hirukawa, a housewife who was in her car,
says she saw a suspicious figure on the roof, and we went up to check it out."
"Once there, there's only the victim's jacket and shoes."
"Has he committed suicide?"
"No, it wasn't a suicide,
and we immediately deduced that it was a murder."
"One person has seen it clearly from the beginning."
"He is the 'jeet kune do' expert on the bus."
"He calls himself Sera and claims to be a detective."
"The man who has rushed into the void is called teo Uesumi.
"and he is the mastermind of a scam
through a money remittance company."
"Mrs. Hirukawa and the others are victims."
"According to what we are told, there is the ghost of an old man in the annex."
"This is Mrs. Hirukawa's father,
"who committed suicide when he learned that his wife..,
"another victim of the swindle, had died in the hospital
while he was trying to get Uesumi to apologize to her."
"Who pushed en Uesumi into the void?"
"Maybe it was a ghost?"
"Or maybe not?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"The secret of the ghost is revealed,
and we know the identity of the detective named Sera."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The confrontation of deductions in the haunted hotel (part two)."
(Elevator: bell)
(Takagi) Geez, she left everything in a mess.
They had no choice but to renovate.
What, Chiba.
Have you found anyone?
No, not yet.
Mhm?
What's he doing here, the chair? Well, I don't know.
When I found it, though, it was moving by itself.
"It was moving by itself?"
Someone had tied a fishing line between the wheels.
I asked the hotel staff.
They explained that it was used by Uesumi in teo,
the man who fell in the parking lot.
Why?
That it was not working properly?
Yes, it seems that he only used it
to get around the corridors of the annex.
He was a basket case.
MHM.
If so,
it's possible that the rumor of the ghost originated from Uesumi himself.
Maybe he wanted to scare the victims who came to see him,
the same floor where that old man committed suicide.
"And he tied the string on the chair to make it look like it moved by itself."
Maybe yes, it would make sense.
But this piece of fishing line is very long,
and at one end someone's tied a bunch of cut rubber bands.
The marks on the footrests indicate that it has hit something.
Inspector, do you think the killer used the wheelchair?
From the looks of this window,
the parking lot where the victim fell is on the other side of the annex.
This part faces the other side of the building.
- (Chiba) What are you doing here, Conan? (Chiba) -Ah, yes.
It happened to be with the group that went up to the rooftop after the incident.
and I asked him to come, just in case.
Apparently, the group there is a new face.
Oh, yeah.
He says he's a detective.
What's that?
Another detective?
Do you think you might have made a mistake,
when you said the elevator stopped at 6th and 2nd?
If you think I'm lying, go ask the guard.

"I asked him to watch the elevator and we both watched it."
MHM.
(Elevator: bell)
Ah! Ah!
The elevator, it also opens for this band?
Yes, the elevator has two doors, on both sides.
I asked them, at the hotel,
"And they told me that the first and the second floor of this part of the annexe
are big rooms for celebrations, weddings, and things like that."
"On these particular floors, it's more comfortable?
That the elevator door opens on the other side."
MHM.
Well, here, the graffiti is even nastier.
Yes.
Maybe it's because in Uesumi I was staying on this floor.
By the way, the painters were supposed to start today,
just an hour after Uesumi had fallen in the parking lot.
This must be the window that in Uesumi broke with the fire extinguisher.
Yes, exactly.
Vigileu, it's dangerous.
It was covered with tarpaulin and tape and the wind has blown it off.
But this window is just above the place where it has fallen.
-Doesn't that suggest anything to you? -Maybe it does...
"Between the floor and the piece of wall underneath the window
there's a smudge of paint."
"And it's...
completely dry."
"These marks indicate
that something has been put on top of the paint."
Hm?
"This can of paint?"
"There's a nick in it, like it's been bumped."
"And here's another can of paint just like it."
"It's got some nicks in it, like it's been bumped into something."
"And the elevator doors have marks on them, too."
"Wait a minute..."
"The elevator has doors on both sides."
"Someone has tied a fishing line to the wheelchair."
"They're talking about a ghost."
"And these suspicious renovations..."
"I get it, I know how he did it."
"The murderer is the only person who was in the annex before the incident."
It was Mrs. Hirukawa.
She is the murderer.
Hey ?!
I would appreciate it if you would follow my instructions.
Please send Mrs. Hirukawa up.
(Hirukawa) You say the case has been solved?
In the end, you've come to the conclusion that it was a suicide?
No.
Someone wants us to believe that Uesumi theo has committed suicide.
Oh!
That's why we made them go up to the sixth floor
by the elevator that was out of service at the time of the crime.
So that the murderer has used this elevator
to fake the suicide, or at least, that's what this boy says.
-Kid?
Uh, no, I'm... Your name's Sera, right?
Yeah. One thing.
Could you tell us your deductions?
We'll listen to you carefully and correct you if necessary.
Very well, then.
Now listen and learn.
I'm going to tell you a super-duper trick and then we'll repeat it right here.
But... why does it have to be here?
Maybe it's not a suicide, but I thought I fell from the roof.
I'll explain again.
Uesumi's jacket and shoes we found on the roof,
were put on by someone to make us believe that the victim committed suicide.
The murderer did not want us to discover that the crime had been committed here,
the sixth floor of the annex.
Mrs. Hirukawa wanted to hide it.
Hirukawa wanted to hide the fact
that she had used the elevator and the wheelchair
because in Uesumi she jumped out of this window!
Eh?
Hey!
This doesn't make any sense!
When in Uesumi rushed into the void,
"Mrs. Hirukawa was with the two of us, inside her car."
Yes, exactly.
If it was with them, how could she have handled the wheelchair...
or touched the elevator buttons?
That's easy.
He pushed the elevator button, but stayed in the lobby.
Inside there was Uesumi with the wheelchair.
He took it up from the second floor to the sixth floor,
threw it out of the window and returned the wheelchair on the 2nd floor.
But first, he had to prepare a very long piece of fishing line,
with rubber bands attached to the end.
A fishing line with rubber bands?
Very well, tell us how I managed to get it.
How did I manage to get it to pull itself out of the window?
So that this looks like a witch's work.
Yeah, it does.
Oh!
Oh! (Laughs)
MHM.
First he has gone up to meet Uesumi on the sixth floor of the annex.
"He has made her thoroughly drunk."
"Then he has seated her with bent knees in the wheelchair.
"That the hotel had left him,
and placed her in front of the elevator door."
"Next, he took the fishing line by the end of the rubber bands,

"And he passed them through the mirror inside the booth,
just above the door."
"He has operated the second floor button from outside the elevator,
"to send the empty car all the way down to the bottom.
and measure the length of the fishing line between the 1st and 6th floor."
"He has taken the elevator back to the 6th,
"He has cut the line about a foot shorter than the resulting length,
and tied the line between the front wheels of the chair."
He's run the fishing line into the cab so that it wouldn't stick to anything,
"And went down with Uesumi to the second floor."
"He took the chair out of the elevator, left it to face the door
and pushed the button that starts it."
"Then he closed the elevator door
and went down to the second floor."
When he got out of the elevator to the second floor,
he came face to face with this little boy.
"It seems that he told him
not to take this elevator because it's only in the annex."
"But in fact, he wanted to stop me from seeing the trick."
If the child had taken it,
he would have seen a fishing line dangling from the mirror
above one of the doors, which was coiled on the floor,
and coming out of the door on the other side.
In addition,
he would also have noticed that someone had pushed the buttons on the 2nd and 6th.
This is a very clear clue.
The 2nd and 6th floor buttons?
Very well, as seeing is believing, we will now repeat the trick.
Ready, inspector? MHM.
Chiba, are you ready? (Chiba) "Yes, sir."
I push the buttons on the second and sixth floor.
(Chiba) "Okay, it's coming up.
When the elevator reaches the second floor, the show begins.
The wheelchair awaits you there,
which is banging against the doors so that it's on.
When the doors open, you will enter the cabin...
and start bumping into the doors on the other side.
Earlier we mentioned that this elevator has two doors,
one in front of the other.
"One door opens on the second floor, and the other door opens to the sixth floor."
The chair that has entered the elevator on the second floor will automatically exit when it reaches the sixth floor.
will automatically exit when it reaches the sixth.
Then he has used some paint cans
and some cardboard boxes to guide the wheelchair.
In this way, he has made it go in a straight line down the corridor,
until it crashed into the piece of wall
under the window that Uesumi had broken with the fire extinguisher.
No way!
Let's see, what happens now?
I don't understand.
The force of the blow should have made the dummy jump out of the window.
If the chair has rotated to return to the second,
maybe it was thrown by the force of the spin.
But that doesn't square with your theory.
Earlier you said that the murderer turned the chair on the second floor
when in Uesumi it had already fallen.
This is what I said... "And that's detective?"
"How could he not have noticed?"
"But I have a problem."
"If I numb the Sonoko with an anesthetic dart, it will be too noticeable."
"And if I use the darts on Inspector Megure or on Takagi,
in the long run, it will cause me trouble."
"There is only one person
"Who can appear unexpectedly to illuminate the truth,
with a very convincing explanation for everyone."
Yes!
I know!
He did it with the car!
He's driven the chair all the way here,
tied the string in your car and then reversed it.
I'm sorry,
but we thoroughly checked Mrs. Hirukawa's car and there was nothing there.
Hirukawa's car and there was nothing.
Think about it.
If she had tied the fishing line in her car,
why did she have to do the elevator maneuver,
instead of carrying the chair herself?
Ooh... It's true, she's right.
This is all my fault.
I guess I was a little hasty.
Yeah, you're right.
It's a very interesting theory.
But it can't be put into practice.
I have to admit I'm very disappointed in you, Inspector.
How can you listen to the fantasies of a young boy?
(Shinichi) "It's the paint cans."
Eh? (Shinichi) "It's the paint cans." Eh?
(Shinichi) "He used the cans near the window
to throw the victim into the void."
This voice from the cell phone, is it in Kudo? Yes, that's right.
I called him to explain everything we know about the case,
and he's already solved it.
(Thinking) "In Shinichi Kudo?"
"In Shinichi Kudo?"
All right, let's see.

Tell us about the paint cans.
Kudo?
Kudo?
(Shinichi) There's a big paint stain under the window, isn't there?
"In the paint there are marks
indicating that there was something on top of it."
"Take the cans of paint
and put it sideways over the marks."
Don't they match?
They match perfectly.
Now I want you to hold the cans with your feet
and move the chair away from the window.
And then turn it back on so that it goes towards the cans.
Please, can you start it up? Okay, let-let me do it.
Kudo!
If I start it right here, will it work?
"Right here"?
I'm not at the crime scene.
I don't know where you are, but give it a try.
All right, you guys.
All right, sending him over there.
"The chair where he sat in Uesumi has come out of the elevator on the sixth floor
and rolled into the window."
"And when the footrest has bitten on the cans
that had stuck to the paint on the wall..."
The footrests slipped under the cans,
the armrests crashed against the wall,
and the impact caused the victim's body to fall into the void.
Eh? Eh?
"When the murderer saw the body with her own eyes,
"She said she saw a suspicious figure
so she could have an excuse to go up to the roof."
"And she took the elevator, which was the 6th, down to the 1st floor."
Chiba, call the elevator to the 1st floor, please.
Yes, right away.
"When it started to go down, the machine pulled the thread...
"And this caused the chair to rotate 180 degrees
and started to roll towards the elevator door."
"And then it crashed into the door."
"As the fishing line was about 30 centimeters too short,
"the rubber bands that held it to the elevator mirror
were stretched to the maximum and broke."
"That's why, when the killer and others entered the elevator,
there was no trace of her plan in the car."
Then, when the elevator arrived on the roof,
another excuse was found.
What are you waiting for, Mrs. Hirukawa?
You don't mind if I stay here, do you?
I'm really scared.
Come on, get out.
We went up to the roof for you.
"All you had to do
is push the buttons on the 2nd and 6th."
"Thus, the elevator took the wheelchair to the 6th floor and left it on the second floor,
and left it in the second, just like the first time."
"Even if the police found an electric wheelchair.
"On another floor,
"They would think it had nothing to do with the crime...
and they wouldn't wonder why it was on."
And, finally, if the paint cans...
were no longer stuck to the wall under the window,
"It's because the blow from the footrests has dislodged them,
and when the chair turned 180 degrees, it pushed them away."
If they find fibers from the victim's clothes on the killer's clothes,
then that will be the definitive proof.
"For a woman to sit the inert body of a man.
"In a wheelchair,
she must hold it tightly against her own body."
But she could declare that the swindler who has made them suffer so much
and who is responsible for the death of your parents
has asked him for forgiveness and then they both embraced.
No!
Before telling a filthy lie, I'd rather confess everything!
I got her drunk, I sat him in a wheelchair...
and made him smash his head on the asphalt!
And all this from the ghost in the wheelchair,
did it come about because you've rehearsed this plan many times?
No.
I only came up with the idea of putting the cans of paint under the window
under the window that the man had broken.
I am not the person who rehearsed the plan.
When I went up to the man's room to demand an apology,
"He taught me the chair trick himself."
"An empty wheelchair coming out of an elevator that is also empty."
Really?
The chair trick was the victim's doing?
Indeed it was.
When I went up, I had just been talking to a friend...
who had sent him the elevator on the 6th floor, and he couldn't stop laughing.
"He did it to scare off reporters and customers,
and they would say 'Operation: ghost of the old man'."
"That's why I sat her in the wheelchair," he said,
"To make her understand once and for all
"How my father must have felt

when he begged for a gesture of humanity," until he couldn't take it anymore.
until he could stand it no longer.
"After a while,
the police found teo Uesumi's secret account.
"Following the money trail,
they were able to arrest other swindlers like him."
"The case was tried, even though the defendant had died."
"And so the two cases were closed:
The swindling of the money remittance company, and the death of the swindler."
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
What?
That this case has been solved by Shinichi?
That's right.
It slipped out to Takagi when he questioned me.
He told me that en Conan called him,
and that he solved the case like it was nothing from the call.
Would you like him to find time
to give a ring to his beloved?
Ah... come to think of it,
Conan says that this fin Sera we met is also a detective.
The other day, before he left, he told me that we'll see each other again soon.
What do you think he meant? I don't know.
Maybe he likes you, Ran.
(Man) Good morning!
Everybody sit down, come on!
(Man) Eh?
Today I'd like to introduce you to a classmate.
She'll be coming to class with you from today.
Her name is Sera.
What?!
In Masumi Sera?
(Sonoko) A new "classmate"?
No way!
Skirt door.
Is it a girl?
Hello, my name is Masumi Sera.
Nice to meet you.
Eh?!
Don't just stand there like a bunch of stiffs!
Whether you're determined or not, the explosives will go off.
"Eh! Explosives?!"
But I am convinced that this is not true.
The Miku was killed
by one of these women with whom she went to the spa.
What?!
You think you're so smart, you?
I reckon you've got it right.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Hostages to the Mouri Detective Agency (the explosion)'."

