(School bell)
(Man) Good morning! (Man) Good morning!
Everybody sit down.
Today I'd like to introduce a new classmate.
From today she will come here to class with you.
Her name is Sera.
What?!
In Masumi Sera...?
(Sonoko) A new "classmate"?
(thinks) "It can't be. Skirt door!"
"It's a girl?!"
Hello, my name is Masumi Sera.
Nice to meet you.
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mistery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"The Mouri detective agency is robbed."
"What is he asking for, the kidnapper? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Hostages to the Mouri Detective Agency (The Explosion)."
Hey, Sera, tell us about yourself.
Where do you live, for example?
Well... at the moment I live in a hotel, actually.
Yes?
And where are you from?
I lived in the United States with my parents 3 years ago,
but I told them that I preferred Japan,
where I was born and raised, so I came back to Tokyo.
And so it's also easier to play the detective.
Yes?
Don't tell me you're a detective, Sera!
-You're in Kudo in noia. -In Kudo?
He's a student detective we have here at Teitan High School.
And he's become very famous!
But he hasn't come to class for a while now.
Oh, gee...
La Sera has been the center of attention.
I've seen it.
She's pretty, nice and has a masculine air about her.
And on top of that, she's a detective, knows "jeet kune do" and is as strong as you, Ran.
Maybe she's not very feminine, yes.
And there's also another factor: she has a small chest.
Hello!
Excuse me if I'm flat!
Mind you, my mother has chest strength,
so I guess they'll grow on me sooner or later!
Look how well... Of course...
Come to think of it, I've been told that Conan lives with you, Ran.
Is that true? Yes.
What makes you say that?
How nice!
Can I come to your place?
Yes, of course... But today Conan won't be there.
What?!
He says he just left?!
And at that doctor's house, what's his name?
Yes.
Tomorrow they're leaving early in the morning to go camping,
so today he's sleeping with the other kids.
What a rage!
We must have crossed paths!
May I know who she is, this one? A new student, Sera.
She's a detective.
Caram.
And she's already a detective, so young!
Well, I guess the name Kogoro Mouri rings a bell, I'm famous.
I'm famous.
It's Sleeping Kogoro, isn't it?
When I read the news here on the internet, I often saw your name.
It's just that Sera used to live in the United States. She's recently returned.
Wow.
She has an impressive record, she's solved some very complicated cases.
Yes, girl!
A stack!
And whenever she's done it,
he had Conan Edogawa together, right?
He did?
Yes... Well...
Sera, if you want,
she can explain the details of the cases that interest you the most.
(He thinks) "Leave me alone, I don't even remember half of them."
Ah... Well, I would love to hear it, but it will have to be another day.
When it's in Conan.
He'll explain everything to me then.
You can always explain it to us, Mr. Mouri.
We're looking forward to hearing your little stories.
Good afternoon.
We are writers of mystery novels for girls.
We're friends, we met at an S-N-S.
We're here because we were told that today Detective Mouri
was doing a retrospective of his most famous cases.
He didn't tell you anything, Mr. Sawaguri?
Excuse me, what is it, an S-N-S?
It is the Social Network Service.
A social network on the Internet
to meet people you can interact with.
Excuse me, this Sawaguri you say,
Does it have to do with the Miku Sawaguri,
the mystery writer who died last month?

Yes... We also met her through the same network.
But it was not her, who invited us to come,
but her older brother.
-Yes. -Huh?
It's up to me.
-Mr. Sawaguri... -What are you doing here?
It seems they didn't know we were coming.
Of course they didn't know.
So I hadn't told them anything.
Leave all the cell phones on the table and move to the back.
Go!
-What does it say now?! - What is this?!
Come on, don't stand there like a bunch of stiffs!
Yes, of course.
Of a... Okay...!
(Me, the feet.
You, the gun.
And between the two of us, we'll narrow it down.
Okay?
Espavila!
Leave the mobile and go to the back!
Now...
Bastard!
What did you want to do, eh?!
Let go of me...
I already knew there was a girl expert in karate,
but I didn't expect two.
I see I've done well to wear this.
Come on, let's go.
Get ready to make your deductions..., Mr. Sleeping Kogoro.
(Ai) Are you telling me that this detective, in Sera,
not only knew what your name was, but also that you often play the role of a detective?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
He must have seen you in the newspaper and you must have caught his attention:
Is one of the many fans you have.
Besides, the one who discovered the truth of the case we were discussing was you,
and not him.
He can't be very good.
Yes, but he gave me the impression... that he did know the truth,
but that he made it look like he was wrong because he wanted me to solve it.
Wait a minute!
If you don't trust me,
how did it occur to you to make deductions with Shinichi's voice before you?
Well, I... I did the first thing that came to my mind.
And to tell you the truth, he seemed trustworthy.
I had the feeling that we had met before.
It could also be that he looked like someone I already know,
and that's why this familiar feeling.
Who do you say is familiar to you? (Conan voice) No, no one.
Now that you mention it, Ran was with a new partner today.
Yes.
A guy who didn't look familiar to me.
Eh?
He saw Ran with a guy you didn't know?!
Yes, they were on the other side of the street, when we were coming here.
-Who was with her wasn't it a girl? -Oh, I don't know. -Oh, I don't know.
If you're worried, do a trick on her and you'll find out for sure.
(Kogoro) The clicking sound came from the TV.
I was watching a mystery series.
It's the volume, which didn't work properly.
Now it's fixed.
Yes.
I'm very sorry, sorry for the inconvenience.
Very well, perfect.
And now, detective, will you make my wish come true?
(Mobile: pull-ri-ri, pull-ri-ri-ri)
(Tire-ri-ri-ri, tire-ri-ri-ri) Ah, it's me, they're calling me.
(Mobile: pull-ri-ri-ri, pull-ri-ri-ri-ri) Shit!
Why the hell haven't you turned it off, huh?!
If you hang up now, the caller will get suspicious.
How?!
And besides, he knows the cell phone is ringing.
If you don't pick it up, maybe he'll come to see what's going on.
You'd better answer it and get it out of your way.
Come on, let's go.
Yes.
You're right, you're right.
Mind you, if it occurs to you to say a word to him about what's going on...
All right, calm down.
I'll... Hello, Conan.
"Ah, Ran! It's me."
"Did I call you at a bad time?" "No... No, it's okay!"
It's just that I had gone to the bathroom, but that's all.
It's nothing important either,
but Genta and the others...
they told me they saw you with a guy they didn't know, and I was surprised.
"They've seen me with a boy, you say?"
Ah... They must have mistaken you for the new student that...
A servant! (Think) "Eh? What are you doing here?!"
Answer the question, this?
Well, have a good time, tomorrow, camping!
-We did well, didn't we? -Yes.
Now leave the cell phone on the table and go back to the place.
Yes, man, yes!
Ah, one thing...
About what you asked us before...
Can you explain it to us again?
It's just that I found it complicated, and once it wasn't clear to me.
What, you know who it was, the guy who was with Ran?
-We're curious! -Go, Conan!
Xxxt! Eh?
(thinks) "This cell phone
is still off the hook."
What a pain...
Alright, I'll tell you one more time, but now listen to me carefully.
My sister, the Miku Sawaguri,

was a famous writer who won the Naomoto Prize at a very young age.
But last month she went to a health resort in Gunma
and, according to the police report, she committed suicide by slitting her wrists.
But I am convinced that this is not true!
The Miku was killed
by one of these women with whom she went to the spa!
And I have brought the evidence.
They are in the backpack!
It's up to you to solve the case, detective.
Work it, Sleeping Kogoro!
Show me what you can do.
In any case, don't worry.
When we figure out who did it, I'll take care of punishing her,
and I'll take him with me to the other neighborhood!
What?!
"How ?!"
"Now then, I can't leave without sleep forever either."
So tomorrow morning, whether it's solved or not, the explosives will go off!
"Ah... Explosives?"
So, what the kidnapper wants?
is for him to discover the cause of his sister's death,
mystery writer Miku Sawaguri.
On top of that, this man happens to be wearing an explosive belt,
and, when he finds out who the killer is, he plans to kill himself with it.
Yes.
But that's not all.
He said the explosives will go off tomorrow,
so it may be a time bomb.
What a ?!
We have to stop it!
Think that the Ran is also there!
We have to save!
We must do something!
Haibara, did you find the news...
Miku Sawaguri's suicide at a spa?
Yes.
It looks like it was on the 4th of last month.
There are even photos of the 3 novelists who accompanied her.
Oh, and another thing.
The man who shut down the agency with the explosives
was also the spa with them.
It says here that he was staying
in the room next door and was the one who found the body.
He received a message from his sister saying goodbye,
and, puzzled, he went to knock on the door,
but got no answer.
He then decided to break the balcony window,
went into his sister's room
and saw that it was full of steam.
In Sawaguri he claims he found her dead.
It was in the bathtub, she had cut the veins in one wrist,
and in the other hand she had the key to the room and the cell phone,
clutched tightly.
I see that the rooms do not lock automatically,
but manually with the key.
(He thinks) "That is, the room was locked."
"If so, what makes you think it was murder?"
Hey, by any chance isn't this the Furitsukaya Hotel?
Yes.
So, it's the hotel where he was....
the owner of the Poirot cafe with the neighborhood association
last month!
Do you know who it was, from the neighborhood association?
Eh?
And so much.
Because just the owner
sent me a group photo they took.
Well, go and see the ones in the doctor's photo except the owner,
and ask how the 3 women were on the day of the incident!
And the owner, don't you want to see him?
The Poirot cafe is just below the detective agency.
Now I call the police to evacuate him and the customers.
And you, above all, do not approach the area!
What a nice move..., your friend from the agency.
Mm?
I guess she made it look like she was locking her cell phone,
but left it ajar so you could hear what they were saying.
(Shinichi voice) Yes, but it's not Ran who did it.
I don't know why, but he is also the agency.
The one I was telling you before, Detective Masumi Sera.
(Sawaguri) What?
(Sawaguri) What, Kogoro Mouri?
It's about time you enlighten us with the truth of the case, isn't it?
Which one of them is the evil beast that murdered my sister?!
Let's see, according to the photocopies of the diaries,
it happened in a locked room.
And this you could corroborate it yourself, if I am not mistaken,
because you were the one who found the body, right?
-I don't know where you see him, the assassinat, I heard a noise!
I felt him calling for an ambulance
after having found the Miku in the bathtub.
And it was coming from the window!
"When I went over to see what was there,
I found a handful of glass outside on the balcony!"
"I had broken the window from outside! Can't you see it can't be ?!"
This proves that the murderer

was hiding somewhere in the corner of the room,
and he took advantage of the fact that I was watching the Miku
to get out through the broken window without making any noise!
But these panes of glass,
couldn't it be that you stepped on them and dragged them out unintentionally?
If you went to the window in a hurry?
The police also told me this,
but I know I didn't get out!
Are you one of those who, in important moments,
act without thinking about the consequences?
What?
Yes.
My friends always tell me that I'm always on fire.
Then your deduction may not be entirely wrong.
If these ladies knew you well enough,
they may have taken advantage of this trait in your character.
And look closely.
Look at the photos I took before the police arrived.
Don't you see traces of blood on the carpet in front of the bathroom door?
Ah... That's right...
I'm sure it's the blood my sister left behind
when she was trying to get out of the bathroom,
after her murderer slit her wrists!
Otherwise, there couldn't be blood, in a place like this!
But from there to thinking that one of these 3 women did it?
All 3 were in her room shortly before I found her dead!
-Decid-l'hi! -Yeah, well... But that's normal.
We were a group of 4 girlfriends who one day promised each other
that the first one to sell more than a million copies of the book
would invite the other 3 to a spa.
As the Miku's books had become bestsellers,
we commented in a social network that we would bring her the first edition of her first book.
that she had given us of her first book
because she would sign them for us right there.
That is why all 3 of us entered her room at some point.
It was a coincidence that we went one at a time, and not all 3 of us together.
I hope he took it, the book!
-Yes... -Yes.
By the way, with what excuse did you have them bring the book today?
Lying, of course.
I told them that you and Miku knew each other.
That, in order for me to talk to them about their cases, they had to bring the book,
which was proof of your friendship with her.
Look!
Do you see it?
There is the signature and the day.
It is the proof that my sister saw on the day of her murder.
And there is more.
The Miku used one of these social networks
to explain what was going on.
Here is a copy of what she wrote!
What doesn't make sense to me is that, if they were friends on the social network,
they should also have seen what she wrote.
Well, no, because he did it behind their backs.
She wrote it from my account, just so they wouldn't see it.
By the way, when I was in her room...
...I noticed what he was writing.
It would be though, what he was doing!
Come on, read it!
Let's see...
"The first one that came to bother me was from the Elephant.
I just got out of the bathtub
and I haven't even had time to dry my hair, what a nightmare!"
The Elephant?
Does anyone know who she is referring to?
My sister liked to ridicule the others
by comparing them to animals!
Enough questions and read!
"Next is Zorro. He's coming back to look for reasons.
Leave me alone!
You got the autograph, so go away at once!
Last one, the Mouse, can't take a hint.
I'll sign her autograph coi and get her off my back!
What a pain in the ass!
She's still here.
Oh, no!
Now I'm getting sleepy.
I don't know if I can stand it.
And it seems that this is the last message.
What a ?!
You see, don't you?
That it is not logical that my sister committed suicide after writing this,
and also that among these 3 witches there is a disgusting mouse,
who waited for the last one to go
and put her to sleep because her death looked like a suicide!
(Shinichi voice) The Elephant, the Fox and the Mouse.
We must find out what criteria Miku used
to come up with these nicknames.
I suspect they are the key.
If you want to see them, all 3 have profiles on the internet.
They are quite complete, with photos and everything.
What do you mean?
That they're famous too?
No, but all three of them post novels to their blogs as a hobby
and, from time to time, they publish things in mystery magazines.
They are on the internet so they created a website for themselves
to give them a more professional image.
Tamames Mitsui, 41 years old.
She is single and helps in the family business of gravestones.

He is Taurus, blood group A.
Shinobu Yuchi.
36 years old, divorced.
She has been working in a neighborhood bakery for almost 20 years.
Fish, blood group B.
Sumika Nihei, 39 years old.
Her husband makes handicraft stamps,
and she combines housework with novels.
She is Lion, blood group 0.
While we were at it, I also looked up the Miku Sawaguri's brother.
He was a team leader in a survival game.
His name was Green Cabo, Green Cap.
A parody of the Green Berets of the US Special Forces.
Based on physical traits alone, the Elephant would be the Mitsui,
the Mouse, the Yuchi and the Fox would be the Nihei.
But it is still too early to draw conclusions.
We lack information.
-If you want information... -... we'll bring you...
...a lot!
You can thank them already.
We have surrounded the whole city with the car, investigating.
(Conan voice) And so?
What have you discovered?
The tall woman with glasses is an extremely meticulous person.
They say that even, in the hotel, she was determined to order...
the shampoos and fabric softeners of some children she didn't know.
The short and toothy girl is fond of spas.
It is obvious that she bathed there a lot of times in a single day!
And the most suspicious is the third, the fattest one.
A man claims that, when he was opening the door of his room, he saw her running out of his room,
he saw her running out of the victim's room,
with a face as white as wax!
And the man who testified to this?
was staying in the room across the hall from the late Miku Sawaguri?
No, he says he was on the same side of the hallway, 3 doors down.
It looks like he was on his way out,
but when he saw her running with that terrified face,
he closed it again without thinking.
We have been given a photo from a few minutes later, when it all came out!
It is when the police arrived in room 205,
where the victim's body was found.
And all this was not told to the police?
Yes, they say they did tell them,
but Inspector Yamamura didn't pay attention to them
because it was a locked room.
Oh, it's true!
In Gunma Prefecture, there's that jerk!
(Sawaguri) "Hey.... This phone is off the hook!
(Thinking) "No, he found out!"
Shit... You think you're so smart, huh, witch?
I reckon you've got it right.
Well, you know what you have to do now.
Wait, wait, wait!
You're wrong!
It wasn't her!
(Shinichi voice) "It was me." What?
"Yes, I asked her to do it."
Soc... Shinichi Kudo.
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
(Think) "What's he doing, Shinichi, with Conan's cell phone?"
The first ones to come
are from the Department of Special Investigations,
the Central Services, also known as D-I-E.
One of the 3 must be the Mouse!
Faking a suicide killed my sister!
There is only one alternative to avoid having two victims.
"Wait a minute. What are you up to?"
"Shoot. Shoot!"
Don't miss the next episode:
"Hostages to the Mouri Detective Agency (The Crosshairs)."

