(Shinichi voice) "The agency in Mouri is visited by three women....,
"followed by an armed man who intimidates everyone
with a gun and explosives attached to his body."
"In Kogoro, Ran and Sera, a new student at the Teitan Institute, are also part of the hostage group,
are also part of the hostage group."
"The man's name is Isao Sawaguri,
"And he is the brother of mystery writer Miku Sawaguri,
who allegedly committed suicide at a spa a month earlier."
"Unable to believe that his sister's death was a suicide,
"In Sawaguri he demands Detective Mouri,
"whom he trusts because of his reputation as a sleeping Kogoro,
to solve the case."
"The 3 women he has had come are amateur mystery writers,
and friends of the victim."
"The Tamames Mitsui, unmarried, helps in the family tombstone business."
"The Shinobu Yuchi, divorced,
works in a bakery in her neighborhood."
"Sumika Nihei is a housewife,
and her husband makes handicraft stamps."
"The Isao Sawaguri is convinced
"That one of these women murdered her sister
and made it look like a suicide."
"All four of them met at a spa,
"And, just before the Miku's death,
"They all went to see her, one after the other,
to get her to sign a book for them."
"The Miku wrote on a social network what was happening to her.
"During these visits,
"But as she referred to the women with the nicknames Elephant,
"Fox and Mouse,
there's no way of knowing in what order he spoke to them."
"Who should it be, the Mouse, the last one who was in the Miku's room
and, probably, the one responsible for her fake suicide?"
"Now, discovering the murderer does not solve the problem.
"Because in Sawaguri has declared the intention to kill her
and, afterwards, to take his own life."
"What can we do to save the Ran and all the others
and get there to be no death at the agency?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If the cases were men,
the most complex mysteries would be women."
"Tension floods the agency, and Ran makes an unexpected decision."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Hostages to the Mouri Detective Agency (The Spotlight)"
Shit... You think you're so smart, huh, witch?
I reckon you've got it right.
Well, you know what's up, now.
Wait, wait!
You're wrong!
It wasn't her!
(Shinichi voice) "It was me." What?
"Yes, I asked her to do it."
Soc... Shinichi Kudo.
Shinichi Kudo, you say?! (thinks) "Shinichi?"
In Conan already makes someone else's voice again.
-Yes... -Come on, it's late and it wants to rain.
-You go to sleep, go! - (all) No!
No!
Come on, come on, let's go!
I think that, if I also know the details of what happened,
we all have a better chance of solving the case.
"No, and now.
On the contrary.
The help of a young detective of your reputation
gives me hope.
Well, in this case,
I need photographs of all the evidence you have on hand,
and tell Mr. Mouri
to send them to Dr. Agasa's computer.
"Obviously, this includes the 3 books signed by the Miku."
"And, by the way, it would also be good if you could activate the loudspeaker."
Ah, okay.
Come on, man!
Can't it go any faster?!
I do what I can!
(Thinking) "What are you doing, Shinichi, with Conan's cell phone?"
Seen like this, on the screen,
I'd say that Mrs. Nihei's book is crumpled on one side.
"You who have it there, what do you think?"
Yes.

But it's only the signature page, the wrinkled one.
As if it had gotten wet and dried.
-Don't tell me it was you! -Ah!
Of course not!
Besides, if I'd gotten water on it at that moment,
I would have crumpled the whole book!
Yes, you're right about that.
"As for Mrs. Yuchi's book..."
...it looks exactly like a new copy, no creases or finger marks.
Are you sure it's a first edition?
Yes, it's a first edition, it says so right here.
It's... I've kept it very carefully.
For me it has a great value.
And finally, to finish, Mrs. Mitsui's copy.
Isn't it torn at the top?
-And so torn!
And well torn! -I-I can explain it!
It happened when I had just signed it, so that, after,
to make me a nuisance, he didn't want me to come back!
(Think) "And why is that?" "I didn't have a very thin belly."
"The Miku's toilet was the closest to me,
but she wouldn't let me go!"
She told me no because she wanted to use it right away.
But it was a lie, I knew she meant it out of malice!
Like when she told me she had bathed in the room,
when it was obvious that she had done it in the outdoor pools.
And how do you know, that he was lying?
Because, when he came out of his room,
I accidentally put on his slippers,
and I noticed that they were warm and very springy.
Well, when I went into his room, I couldn't help but put them on,
I couldn't help but put them on,
but then they weren't warm or springy or anything.
Eh?
And you're sure the slippers weren't yours?
You must have oily skin.
What little respect!
I have dry skin, smart!
Give me a headache, witches!
You look like blabbermouths, so much talk!
Although I used to be a real pain in the ass, too, with my sister.
So much so that she gave me the nickname Rossinyol, imagine that.
(Thinking) "Nightingale?"
"Nightingale, Elephant, Fox, Mouse..."
"Sure, I got it!"
"This was the criteria used by the Miku!"
It seems to me that it won't take the help of your friend Kudo, to get out of it.
Eh?
(Think) "It's quite clear, there's no doubt about it."
"The killer is her!"
You make the typical face when you've figured out who the culprit is.
But what are you going to do?
Even if you tell him who killed her and get it right,
you'll only get two corpses at the agency.
What did you mean?
What did you mean?
What makes you think we don't need Shinichi's help?
Because it's not clear to me!
Look, if I locked your cell phone with the pendant before...
so that it wouldn't lock up and stay off the hook,
it was so that Conan would feel all the details of the case
and could investigate.
The death was on the 4th of last month,
the day the neighborhood association went to the spa.
And all its members slept in the same hotel where she committed suicide
or perhaps killed the novelist Miku Sawaguri: the Furitsukaya Hotel.
What?!
Are you serious?! Of course I am.
On your father's desk there was a fax with information
from the neighborhood association's trip.
The fact that he still has it on his desk
means that he didn't go to the spa.
On the fax there is a map with directions, the meeting place...
These are basic data.
Therefore, if he had gone, he would have taken it with him,
and on the way back he wouldn't have left it on the table.
That's why I left my cell phone off the hook,
because Conan asked for more data from the people who went.
"But, for some reason,
on the other end of the phone was Shinichi Kudo."
Well, what I don't know anymore is what kind of link unites in Conan?
and the famous student detective,
but the man with the explosives is convinced
that his sister did not commit suicide,
but that she was murdered by one of these women,
and, when he learns who it was,
he plans to kill her and then kill himself.
So it will be up to Kudo to negotiate and convince this man
and convince this man not to carry out his plan.
Or so I thought, because I've realized that it won't be necessary.
Oh no?
Why is that?
Don't you see a light through the window?
Most likely it's the police,
they're aiming at us from that building.
(Male) Sniper unit in position.

-We have the target in the crosshairs .-(man) "And the assault unit?"
In position at the agency door, ready to go into action!
(Man) "Receiving."
"On all units:
"The target is going alone, but we know he's carrying a pistol?
and has a large quantity of explosives."
Everyone stand by and be ready to move in...
until I give you further instructions.
That the police exist?
The first ones are the Special Investigations Department,
the Central Services,
also known as DIE.
"They deal with cases where there is hostage-taking."
"They go super-team, and, if they can't dissuade the hostage-taker...,
they break in by force."
So, right now, they should already be on the other side of the door,
waiting for the most opportune moment to enter.
What a ?
And since there's someone pointing this way from that rooftop over there,
it means that they must also have come
the Special Assault Operations Group.
And did Shinichi warn them? Woman, it was inevitable that they would come.
If I hadn't told them everything,
the police would not have evacuated the people from the cafeteria on the first floor.
Now, under normal circumstances,
they would have already started negotiating with the offender,
and if they haven't, they must have a lot of confidence in your boyfriend.
Eh?
He must be convinced that he can dissuade him,
and I suppose he must have asked the police
to give him a chance before acting.
After all,
this is someone who's sound enough to surround the body with explosives
and set them off.
If they don't get in fast enough,
or if they don't hit first time when they fire,
he could get nervous and push the button that would blow us all to smithereens.
There are only two ways to stop him from doing that:
Deter him or slow him down, but it must be the former.
What?
Do you know or don't you?
You don't have the answer yet, Shinichi Kudo ?!
"You must have gotten everything on the computer by now!"
"Including the one my sister wrote on the social network before she died!"
Those messages are from when these 3 women
went to Miku's room
because she signed the first edition of her book!
And there she wrote this!
"The first one who came to bother me was from Elephant.
I just got out of the bathtub and I didn't even have time to dry my hair.
to dry my hair, what a nightmare!"
"The next one is the Fox.
He's coming back to look for reasons.
Leave me alone!
You have the autograph, so go away at once!"
"Last one, the Mouse, he can't take a hint.
I'll sign her autograph coi and get her off my back!
What a pain in the ass!
She's still here.
Oh, no!
Now I'm getting sleepy.
I don't know if I can stand it."
"And this is where she stops writing."
So..., one of the 3 must be the Mouse!
The one who faked a suicide and killed my sister!
"Murdered her!"
Eh?
Wow!
What are you doing?!
Didn't we agree that you were going to bed?
It's just that I'm so worried I can't sleep.
Besides, there's something we haven't told you.
When we went to investigate the incident,
almost everyone in the association told us the same thing:
that, two or three days ago, a man with brown hair...
and dressed in camouflage asked them the same questions.
He says that the man showed them a book and 3 photos,
and asked them if by any chance they had seen any of those women
around the hotel
with the first novel his sister had written.
How interesting...
He means that, first of all, he did his own research.
(Shinichi voice) I've heard that you've done your research.
"What did you come to find out?" Look....
I was told several things, of these 3.
Sumika Nihei is a neat freak...
who made it her business to place all the guests' slippers neatly.
So, she didn't have to put up with my sister, who was messy.
Shinobu Yuchi, they say, took a lot of baths,
which makes me think that maybe she did it to wash off the blood
that must have splashed on her when she cut her veins on the Miku.
And I also know that Tamames Mitsui came out of the Miku's room
of the Miku's room with the book in her hand....,
because she saw a man who was 3 rooms away!
Come on!
Are you going to tell me or not?

Who killed her?
Who was Miku referring to when she talked about the "Mouse"?
(Man) "How do you see him? Do you have a shot?
No, I'm covered by the letters on the windows of the agency.
And also in Kogoro Mouri, which is right in the middle.
(Thinking) "Shinichi..."
Don't tell me you're wondering
why Kudo hasn't figured it out yet.
Eh? Don't worry!
He'll probably already know, he,
that the Mouse who killed Miku Sawaguri
is Tamames Mitsui, the woman next to me!
What?!
There can only be one reason that prevents him from saying it.
He thinks that, when he knows who she is,
the man will kill her and then commit suicide.
We are between a rock and a hard place:
there is only one alternative to avoid having two victims.
Is that so?
But, unfortunately, one victim is inevitable.
By the way,
we've been using it for quite a while now, the cell phone.
-Is the battery working? -What?
I don't know, I'd put it on charge, just in case.
M-maybe yes...
Didn't you have the charger in one of the drawers, Mr. Mouri?
-How?
It doesn't ring a bell... - Come on!
Take it and put it to load!
Gee, that's nice!
I wouldn't let him do it.
I'd be afraid that Kogoro has a gun hidden inside the drawer,
and he uses it.
(Shinichi, think) "Wait a minute.... What's he up to?"
Get out of the way!
I'll get it!
(Man) The target has approached!
I've got him safe!
Now he's a sitting duck!
-Are you sure? - (Man) "Shall I shoot?"
(Think) "Shoot."
(Think) "Shoot!"
What the hell are you doing?!
You want me to kill you or what?!
Tonight will be cooler.
We'll be better off with the curtain.
Oh, and if you want the charger, it's inside the closet.
If you want, I'll take it out myself.
They've... they've pulled the curtain.
The target is no longer in sight!
May I know why you did it?
I don't want to see someone killed in front of me.
But just because...
Besides, Shinichi won't let there be any death, here.
I'm sure he won't!
Come on, Shinichi Kudo!
Now you have all the tools, all of them!
Who murdered my sister?
If you don't know, you can't tell me I didn't try!
But if I have to blow up the agency with everyone inside, I'll do it!
I only care about one thing!
I'm going to kill that rat killer Miku!
(Shinichi voice) "Calm down. Calm down, please."
There, I know who it is, the Mouse that killed her.
Really?! "Yes."
(He thinks) He's gone crazy!
Are you really going to tell him who did it?!"
(Think) "Shinichi..."
Let's start with the Elephant,
the first one who went to ask for his autograph at the Miku.
If she had just bathed and her hair was wet,
she must also have a warm body.
"In these conditions, the most normal thing?
is for the paper to wrinkle due to the humidity and heat."
In view of this, we can deduce...
"...that the Elephant is Mrs. Nihei,
who has a page of the book wrinkled."
"A woman so meticulous that she becomes obsessive."
"Precisely because of that, it seems unlikely to me that it was her,
who crumpled her copy of the book."
"Moreover, Mrs. Nihei has said,
"When she went to the Miku Sawaguri's room,
she put her slippers on well."
"And since he found them neither crumbly nor warm..."
we can affirm that he did not bathe outside,
but used the bathtub in the room.
So that he didn't need to put it on,
if he bathed right there.
"But then, how come Mrs. Mitsui,
"When she got the wrong slippers coming out of the room,
"she found them springy and hot,
"And that made her think that the Miku had gone out for a swim
in the outdoor pools of the spa?"
Well, because earlier, returning from the spa,
Mrs. Yuchi went to see the Miku,
and on her way out, she got the wrong slippers.
"So, the crumbly slippers that Mrs. Mitsui wore,
actually belonged to Mrs. Yuchi."
The Elephant is Mrs. Nihei.
Next, the Fox is Mrs. Yuchi.
"And, so, the Mouse, the last one who was with her,

It's Mrs. Mitsui!"
Well, well... So it was you, you're the killer rat!
No... no way!
You can't accuse me because of some slippers!
"It's not just the slippers."
"The Miku Sawaguri was based on colors, for nicknames."
What colors?
"Actually, there are many animals that we relate to colors,
like pig with pink or crow with black."
(Think) "Are you sure about what you are doing?"
"If you continue, it will be impossible for you to prevent two people from dying today!"
"And these deaths will be witnessed by the Ran, who trusts you!"
"The Fox is the color of freshly baked bread,
like the one in Mrs. Yuchi's bakery."
"The Elephant is by ivory,
the color of the stamps Mrs. Nihei's husband makes."
To his brother, the Isao Sawaguri,
he called Rossinyol by the color of the feathers of the Japanese nightingale,
which is green, like the name of his survival game team:
Green Cabo, Green Cap, Green Cap."
Finally, Mouse is for the color gray,
the color of the tombstones in Mrs. Mitsui's business.
"Hence, the Mouse,
"The last person who entered the Miku Sawaguri's room,
it can only be you, Mrs. Mitsui!"
(Man) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You live up to your reputation, Shinichi Kudo!
How wonderful.
So, the filthy mouse that killed Miku...
and passed it off as a suicide is you, Tamames Mitsui!
Thank you to the detective who solved the case!
It's... a lie!
I... I didn't kill Miku!
Don't play innocent!
How dare you contradict a famous young detective
who accuses you of murder?!
But it's true!
I didn't...
Save your excuses!
You'll have time to give them to my sister... in the other neighborhood!
Hey, not so fast, karate ladies.
Remember that I have a lot of explosives attached to my body!
And remember that I don't mind dying to avenge my poor sister!
You bastard!
(Think) "Shinichi Kudo, do you realize, what you've done?!"
(Think) "Shinichi..., please stop Mr. Sawaguri!"
"Shinichi!"
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
(Shinichi voice) I never said that Mrs. Mitsui is the murderer.
Alright, then who was it?
Who killed my sister?!
Wait a minute..., have you read your sister's first novel?
It's called "The funeral of the god of death".
The god of death wanted to pass off Miku's death as a suicide.
"The murderer is you!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
"Hostages to the Mouri Detective Agency (release)."

