"The Mouri Detective Agency
"Receives a visit from 3 women,
"followed by an armed man who intimidates everyone with a pistol
and explosives attached to his body."
"The man's name is Isao Sawaguri,
"And he is the brother of mystery writer Miku Sawaguri,
who allegedly committed suicide at a spa a month earlier."
"Unable to believe that his death was a suicide,
"In Sawaguri he demands Detective Mouri,
"whom he trusts because of his reputation as a sleeping Kogoro,
to solve the case."
"The 3 women he has had come are amateur mystery writers...
"And friends of the deceased,
"And Sawaguri is convinced that one of them murdered her sister...
and made it look like a suicide."
"I was listening to it all from Ran's cell phone, which was off the hook,
"But at Sawaguri's realization,
and I'm forced to reveal that I'm Shinichi Kudo."
"From this moment on, I start collaborating to solve the case."
"After analyzing the evidence and photographs of the incident,
I discover the truth, but I know that at that time I cannot reveal."
"In Sawaguri has said that, when it is known who the murderer is,
he intends to kill her and then take his own life."
"I have to find a way to solve the case without any death."
"But it's not easy,
because the police are preparing to shoot the kidnapper."
"Luckily, the Ran takes action and manages to avoid being shot,
at least at that moment."
"But the situation is critical,
"Because if we don't discover the assassin before it's daylight,
"In Sawaguri she will set off the explosives
and kill everyone in the agency."
"Therefore, I decide to use the last resort."
(Mobile) "Calm down. Calm down, please."
That's it, I know who the Mouse is that killed her.
De... Really?!
"So, the Mouse,
"The last person who entered the Miku Sawaguri's room...
...can only be you, Mrs. Mitsui!"
Oh!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If the cases were men,
the most complex mysteries would be women."
"The truth of the case is revealed. In Shinichi passes the final sentence."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Hostages to the Mouri detective agency (release)."
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
You live up to your reputation, Shinichi Kudo!
How wonderful.
So, the filthy mouse that killed Miku...
and made it look like a suicide is you.
Tamames Mitsui!
Thank you to the detective who solved the case!
It's a lie.
I... I didn't kill Miku!
Don't play innocent!
How dare you contradict a famous young detective
who accuses you of murder!
But it's true.
I didn't...
Keep your excuses to yourself,
you'll have time to give them to my sister in the next neighborhood!
Hey, not so fast, karate ladies.
Remember that I have a lot of explosives attached to my body!
And remember also that I don't mind dying
to avenge my poor sister!
You bastard!
"Shinichi Kudo. Do you realize, what you've done ?!"
"Shinichi."
"Hey, not so fast." "Shinichi?"
"What I said is only that the person to whom the nickname of Mouse
the nickname Mouse is Mrs. Mitsui."
I didn't state that at any point,
that Mrs. Mitsui murdered her sister.
What are you saying?
Why not?
But you just said it!
That she is the Mouse!
And she's the last one who went to her room!
"Yes." Well then...!
"Let's see, let's go over your deduction."

It said that the killer put Miku to sleep, slit her wrists...
and put her in the bathtub to make it look like a suicide.
After confirming that she was dead,
she took the Miku's cell phone
and sent you the message saying goodbye.
"You were puzzled by this,
"And he went to her room and knocked on the door,
but she didn't answer."
In the end, he was forced to enter from his room,
breaking his sister's balcony window.
"And that's when he found her body in the bathtub."
"You suppose that the murderess must have foreseen that she would act like this,
"and that's why she stayed hidden in the room...
"And she took advantage of the fact that you were distracted with her sister
to escape through the window she had previously broken."
Of course!
It is obvious!
Tell me something, then: where did the murderer flee?
To my room, of course!
She entered and left through the door!
She could do it because I was with Miku!
And she knew that I was there because she had knocked before
when she knocked on the door!
"Then there was already a group of onlookers in the hallway;
it must not have taken her long to get confused in the crowd!"
Yes, but don't you forget something you were told?
There was a witness, yes,
a witness three rooms over,
who saw Mrs. Mitsui
as she ran out of the Miku's room.
"So, we know that Mrs. Mitsui....
did not run out of her room, but out of the Miku's room."
This does not fit her theory.
How do you explain it?
Ah... Well, she got confused!
Don't you see that her two rooms were far apart!
He probably thought it was the Miku's room,
but it was my, the one next door!
"No, that's impossible."
The witness's room was three doors over,
on the same side as Miku's.
Furthermore, the man explains that he was about to leave,
but when he saw Mrs. Mitsui running,
he got scared and closed the door.
We could deduce, then,
that he saw everything very quickly and from a very bad angle.
Under these circumstances, it would be impossible to distinguish the room.
Well, that's it!
All the more reason for him to make a mistake and think he was coming out of somewhere else!
He is mistaken.
Because when Mrs. Mitsui ran out, the door was wide open,
the door was wide open.
Therefore, the man saw the room number perfectly!
Mrs. Mitsui was running
because she had to go to the bathroom urgently.
"Therefore, she left the door open."
"If it was closed again,
it proves that then the Miku was alive."
"Hotel rooms don't close automatically."
Therefore, your sister had to lock it from the inside.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have had to break the window to get in.
All right, then who did it?!
Who killed my sister?!
She wrote it herself, that there was someone!
And that she had a bad fuckin' beast together waiting for me to sleep!
"Just a moment."
"You've read your sister's first novel?"
Eh?
Well, I haven't.
It's just that I don't like reading at all.
So I haven't gotten around to it.
It's called...
"The funeral of the god of death."
The main character is a policeman who is chasing a serial killer,
but he doesn't even see the shadow.
"One day the agent sees the god of death above his bed,
"who announces to him that he will not be able to capture him anymore from life,
this murderer."
"And the god was right,
"For the murderer was none other than the policeman himself,
"who every night went about the town and committed the crimes.
"When he realizes the truth, the officer feels the guilt nibble."
"Finally,
he gives in to the temptations of the god of death and ends up committing suicide."
No-no... it can't be.
Yes.
His sister reopened "The funeral of the god of death"
to sign the autograph.
"If she unconsciously identified
"with the protagonist she had created
"and imagined the god of death appearing to her,"
I guess I don't have to tell you what she ended up doing, do I?
No... I don't believe it.
He... he... he... killed himself?
-Huh?! - Oh!
No... She didn't...

She would never...
It can't be... right.
Aaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!
Now !!!
Come in, come on!
Come on in!
Oh, man!
Aaaah!!!!
(Man) "We got it!"
Ouch...
Another case solved.
What?
Are you happy?
I don't know. I don't know.
I'm not sure it's solved.
-Hmm? -Hmm? -What? -What?
What do you mean, Conan?
Well, if you don't mind,
at some point we'll call them in to testify.
-We'd appreciate it if you'd collaborate. -Sure.
-Yes, it's a problem. -Thank you very much.
(Sighing)
If you'll excuse us.
-Aah... I am esgotat.-Caramba!
For a moment you had scared me, Kudo!
I was already afraid that you'd give away the murderer
and let the guy with the explosives kill her.
What a scare!
But, knowing that she had committed suicide, that's another matter.
I just hadn't read it, her first book.
I would never have figured it out.
"Sorry to disappoint you, but I haven't read 'The Funeral of the God of Death'."
Eh? How?
What do you mean?
I made up the story to get out of the way.
It's the only thing I could think of
to make the man swallow that his sister had committed suicide.
"Otherwise, I assure you...
I would never have come up with such an illogical deduction!"
"No one believes it, that someone who is writing on a social network,
after a minute he has a hallucination and commits suicide."
"It doesn't make any sense!" But then, you...?
Exactly.
Now comes the moment of truth.
Do not think that it is fictitious the god of death
who wanted to pass off Miku's death as a suicide.
"It exists, and it's one of them!"
Eh?
"Don't think that the god of death who wanted to pass off Miku's death as a suicide
who wanted to pass off Miku's death as a suicide."
"It exists, and it's one of them!" Eh?
No... it can't be;
you mean we made a mistake...
and that the nicknames follow a criterion other than color?
"No."
"This is right, they are just as I said: Mrs. Mitsui is the Mouse,
because of the gray color, the color of the tombstones in her store."
The Fox is Mrs. Yuchi,
because of the brown color of the freshly baked bread in the oven where she works."
"And the Elephant is Mrs. Nihei, for ivory,
the color of the stamps her husband makes."
"Of that, there is no doubt."
So, the problem is the order?
You mean they went to see the Miku in a different order?
Neither.
It was Mrs. Nihei, Mrs. Yuchi and Mrs. Mitsui.
The order is correct.
Miku herself wrote on the social network
that they were Elephant, Fox and finally Mouse.
Man, well, if the last to go was Mrs. Mitsui,
does that mean that, indeed, the murderer is her?
No, it is not!
It's not me! -Oh, right!
She left, but then came back to commit the crime!
Isn't that right?
"No, I don't think so."
Mrs. Mitsui was seen by a witness leaving the Miku's room in a hurry.
from the Miku's room.
After leaving in such a suspicious manner,
it wouldn't occur to anyone to return to the same place
to commit murder, don't you think?
"Besides, it was a perfectly calculated and prepared crime..."
that it looked like a suicide in a locked room."
Very well, then enlighten us!
Who is she, the murderer?
Ran, listen, would you mind giving it back to us to read?
"The messages she wrote before she was killed, I mean."
Hm.
"The first one that came to bother me was from the Elephant.
I just got out of the bathtub
and I haven't even had time to dry my hair.
What a nightmare!
The next one is Zorro.
He's coming back to look for reasons.
Leave me alone!
You've got the autograph, so go away at once!
Last one, the Mouse, can't take a hint.
I'll sign her autograph coi and get her off my back!
What a pain in the ass!
She's still here.
Oh, no!
Now I'm getting sleepy.
I don't know if I can stand it.
Confirmi'm something, Mrs. Mitsui.
Eh?
"When you were in the Miku's room,
you told us that you didn't let her go to the bathroom, is that right?"
E-exactly.
Come on, man, come on!
That she didn't tell you that she didn't have a fine belly
and that the other one wanted to give her a hard time, man?!
"You sure? I wouldn't put my hand in the fire."
-Why not? -Oh...

But... It can't be.
Yes.
Who was in the room with the Miku was not the Mouse,
but the second one, the Fox.
"The Shinobu Yuchi."
You're the murderer!
What?! What?!
-What? -What?
It's... it was her?!
The murderer ?!
And how do you know that?! Think about it.
What is it, the one Miku wrote?
That Zorro had gone to look for reasons
and that he wasn't leaving anyway.
And to finish it off,
Mrs. Mitsui was supposed to arrive in the middle of the discussion,
so Mrs. Yuchi locked herself in the washroom
until Mrs. Mitsui left.
Before that, however, the Miku told her to pick up the slippers,
because, if there were two pairs, it would be noticed that there was someone else.
"But Mrs. Yuchi made a mistake and did not take her,
which were sprung for outdoor toilets, but the Miku's."
That's why Mrs. Mitsui was puzzled by the situation
when she put on the ones left at the entrance."
What, Kudo?
Am I right?
"Yes. And the rest has already happened just like the Isao Sawaguri said."
After killing her and preparing everything to make it look like a suicide,
he sent a farewell message in the Isao to enter the room...
by breaking the window glass.
He then went out that way
and went to the Isao's room through the balcony,
and finally he just walked out the door
and lose himself among all the onlookers who had gathered.
But, from what you say, it would also be possible that she was the first,
Mrs. Nihei, who spent the whole time hiding.
The Miku wrote on the internet
that she wanted Zorro to leave her alone.
Therefore, if she had left,
we can assume that she would have also written: "She's finally gone!",
and instead she didn't.
"Besides, Mrs. Nihei is so meticulous!
that she has a habit of placing everyone's slippers properly."
"She doesn't find it strange that someone like that could make a mistake
and take someone else's slippers?"
Yes, very nice.
But these are just assumptions taken with a grain of salt.
"I have definitive proof." Eh?
"When the Miku was struggling to get out of the bathroom...
"she grabbed the carpet with her hand full of blood.
There's a photo showing the marks on both hands..,
but the one on the carpet shows a gap in the middle of the fingers.
This means that she had something caught.
"And here, what strikes me the most
is Mrs. Yuchi's signed book."
"Depending on the printing method, a book can have the channel,
"The area where it opens,
with the pages evenly spaced or guillotined and therefore uneven."
"Mind you, in the same edition it is never changed."
"And yet,
curiously her is the only book that has the pages evenly matched."
"And that's because Mrs. Yuchi rubbed them with sandpaper."
"Sure, she had to,
"if she wanted to erase the blood marks
that were left when the Miku took the book before she died!"
"This evidence incriminated her."
So he bought a new one and changed the cover.
Thus, to the naked eye, he was able to disguise it.
"But when the Miku took the book, she folded it,
and the blood that was left between the pages, it can't be hidden."
But what was she doing, the signed book, on top of the bathroom rug?
It was when he was carrying it to the bathtub after putting her to sleep.
"He was wearing it inside the yukata and I dropped it."
"Then she left the blood marks,
but that didn't bother me."
In fact, he was planning to pull.
But I didn't see myself with heart.
Because this book...
this book contains the most extraordinary story
of any I've ever written.
Of all you've ever written?
Ah!
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
You mean you plagiarized it?
Huh? (Laughs) Oh.
Well, not exactly.
We actually wrote it together.
-It was a collaboration. -Huh?
Actually, she asked me to do it.
"She told me that she had a proposal to publish a book.
and asked me if I would like to help her."
But her opera prima was a success
and, almost without time to digest it, it won the Naomoto Prize.
For the record, I didn't hold a grudge,
because I only helped her the first time
and she won the award on her own merits.

I was a friend of hers and I was proud.
In fact, it motivated me, so I went to try my luck at a publishing house,
but what they told me there changed everything.
Hm...
Yes, the truth is that it's very good,
but your style is too much like Miku Sawaguri's.
Eh?
And with one Miku Sawaguri we already have enough.
Now, you could make her black and write for her.
"The truth is, I hadn't really noticed."
"Since her debut,
she had been writing in imitation of my literary style, and she made it her own!"
And don't think I kept quiet!
I asked him to at least acknowledge
that he had written his first novel with me!
But nothing, he wouldn't listen to me.
"And on top of that, even though he accused me...
of wanting to defame a Naomoto Prize winner."
"I couldn't bear to become an anonymous writer..,
like a ghost."
"And so, I made the ghost her."
But now I see that book I would have had to throw her away.
"Especially because, if I tried to read it someday,
"I'd think of all the memories I have with her,
"brainstorming all night long,
writing as if the world was going to end... and I'd have to stop."
And what good is it to me, having a book....
if I won't be able to read a single page?
"(Yuchi: cries inconsolably)"
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
What ?!
You mean Shinichi left without saying anything to you?!
After he had the nerve to show up by surprise
and solving a case in front of you?!
Well, yes...
After the police came looking for the murderer, Mrs. Yuchi.
Yuchi,
I picked up my cell phone and had already hung up.
"Skirt gate."
Yes, but look, Shinichi sent me a message afterwards.
To thank me.
Oh, and he also explained to me...
that he had gone to his house to pick up I don't know what papers
and then that he'd stopped by Dr. Agasa's house.
That's why!
What did it cost him, to visit his girlfriend?
I don't know, maybe he had some reason not to be seen.
Eh?
Anyway, thanks to this case I have learned two things.
That your friend Conan and Shinichi Kudo are bosom buddies,
and that you, Ran, are much stronger than you look!
What?
"You say that for karate, perhaps?"
Actually, Heiji is known as the detective of the west,
and Shinichi as the one from the east.
And you two, which one do you think is more good, the one from the east or the one from the west?
(Girl) "Heiji, something terrible has happened!"
Soc the restaurant and people say there's a dead man in the sink.
A duel between Shinichi and me to show who is the best,
and let's make it clear from now on.
He-he!
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Conan vs. Heiji.
Battle of deductions between the detective from the east and the detective from the west '."

