("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Great battle of deductions with en Haji."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Conan vs. Heiji"
"Battle of deductions between the detective from the east and the detective from the west.
(Part Two)"
Only 3?
They were able to narrow it down to 3 suspects?
Yes, only 3.
There were 7 customers in the restaurant who fit the profile,
men in their 30s and 40s, but 4 were accompanied,
and when agent Camel came out of the toilets...
shouting that there was a dead person,
of these four, some were placing the order,
and the others were picking up things that their children had spilled.
Somehow they were interacting with the waitresses.
The ones without alibis had come alone into the restaurant
and were eating in the smoking area.
It's those 3 over there.
How about it, inspector, if you let me...
do the interrogations to me?
Mm?
What nonsense!
First go through the academy.
But, considering that the culprit might be from Kansai,
I'll have an easier time spotting any suspicious details,
also being from Kansai.
My... my name is Rakutoshi Sugai, and I live in an apartment in the Beika district.
Very well, but we want to know where you were born.
A... Tokyo.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
Why is that?
What... what is the meaning of this?
Inspectors, may I know who this young man is?
He doesn't have to suffer for nothing, he's harmless!
You answer the questions he asks you.
I noticed that since we started the interrogation he hasn't stopped sweating.
I don't suppose you're hiding anything from us, are you?
No, of course not.
It's just... this-this curry I ate was very spicy.
What?!
Come on, it's been over an hour since the murder.
How can you tell how spicy it is?
Because-because I just ate it!
Like... like they wouldn't let me out,
I started to get hungry and I ordered this dish.
A person just died and they're still taking orders from customers?
My name is Toru Amakasu, but all my friends call me Ama.
Right now I'm living in an apartment in the Haido district.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
So, are you happy now, this Osaka boy?
I see you haven't stopped sweating either.
-Are you nervous about something? -No, no, I'm not nervous!
Wh-why do you say these things?
(Thinking) "What's gotten into him, this one, all of a sudden?"
"Maybe he's got the jitters?"
Ha-ha-ha!
Has he fallen on all fours!
No, no man, it's the ramen I just ate, it's still stinging.
What do you think you're doing?
How dare you talk to me like that?
What?
Don't tell me you're getting indignant now!
Here, in Tokyo, we are a lot of fun!
No, sir, it's not that I'm indignant, but there are things... that bother me.
(Shinichi, think) "You said that ramen stings...?"
I have a house in the Beika neighborhood, and I'm Mr. Sanpei Tojo.
But I imagine the interrogation must be voluntary, right?
I don't understand why I have to give them personal information just like that.
Especially if it's just some random young man interrogating me.
Don't worry, if he doesn't want to talk, we won't force him to,
but this will make him more suspicious.
Look, my family has lived in Tokyo for three generations.
Is that so?
And how come you've started sweating just now, too?
And please don't tell me it's because of this spicy tofu,
because as far as I can see you haven't even touched it yet.
Soc... I'm very prone to sweating, me.
Besides, I'm not so insensitive to keep eating....

knowing that a person just died right here.
In fact, I told the waitress to take the variety I wanted.
Well, she was right to tell her to take it,
because the mixed drinks are very fattening.
So what, you don't think there are any that are from Kansai?
out of these 3 suspects?
-I don't know. How can you not know?
We let you interrogate them to see if you could find this out.
-Actually, all I know... -What?
What do you know?
Tell us!
All I know is that all 3 ordered spicy dishes.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Gee..."
(Guts: rrrr)
Wow!
So much talk about food, look, it's making me hungry too.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yeah, come to think of it, we haven't even eaten."
-Ah, well, if you want to join in... Eh?
The food at this restaurant is finger-licking good.
Come on.
What a face!
He's eating like it's nothing.
And we're struggling with the research!
What did you want us to do?
We were almost about to faint doing us.
Yes, but we're doing something else besides eating.
We investigate, right, Father? (Sorbe)
Yes, we are eating the same dishes that the three suspects ordered...
to collaborate with the investigation.
(Sorbe) So what?
Have you discovered something?
Yes, all 3 dishes are delicious!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What a mug all 3 of them have."
And are you sure these are the dishes you ordered?
Yes.
Mr. Kogoro asked the waitress.
She couldn't possibly have made a mistake.
One is the curry I'm eating;
another, the ramen Mr. Kogoro has,
and the other is the tofu that Ran has in front of her.
(Conan voice) What?!
Y-you're sure these are the dishes you ordered?
-Yes, Esclar. -Mm?
And we also have more information.
"The two suspects who have eaten curry and ramen,
also ordered a cake and coffee."
"And the one who has ordered tofu has also ordered assorted fruit,
but after a while he said it wasn't necessary to take it away."
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure, I see what happened."
"And now I understand why he was talking and behaving
in such a strange way."
"I have no doubt, the culprit is him!"
(Think) "Looks like we already have a winner."
Inspector, I just got a call from Chiba...
saying they've discovered the victim's identity.
Oh, did they?
His name was Kengo Shibamiya,
and he worked part-time at a construction company in Saitama.
Last week, the president of the company died,
and Mr. Shibamiya was the one who discovered the body.
"Mr. Shibamiya was returning from lunch with co-workers and found the company president
and found the company president murdered."
"All very similar to the case at hand,
because he was also killed with a cyanide-impregnated candy."
"Bearing in mind that the office was almost intact,
that they had only stolen the money from the safe...,"
that the president was very fond of candy,
and that he opened the office door to the assassin
while he was counting the money in the safe,
the Saitama police are working on the hypothesis
that he was murdered by someone from the same company.
Very interesting.
The killer knew the president's tastes,
and the behavior patterns of the victim, Mr. Shibamiya,
and evidently took advantage of the information to commit the crimes.
Incidentally, on that day the president had a job interview
with a candidate to join the company.
If Mr. Shibamiya and the assassin were childhood friends,
perhaps he recommended him and took the opportunity to rob the company.
So, was Mr. Shibamiya from the Kansai region?
as we had thought?
Yes, he had told colleagues that he was born and raised in Osaka,
but we know that he had lied about his age,
and he must have used a false name as well.
This is all well and good,
but the important thing now is that these three men
are still suspects, aren't they?
We know that one of the 3 is from the Kansai region,
so you can stop doing comedy right now!
Whatever is from Kansai should behave like a Kansai man
and have the dignity to turn himself in!

Heiji, please control yourself!
Why are you so excited?
How can I not be?
I have to take advantage of my head start to solve the case.
What's that?
What do you mean, what do you mean?
That if I don't solve the case soon, that bum can beat me!
What?!
What are you saying, Shinichi, that you already know who the culprit is?
-What?
Aaaah! Huh?
Mm-hm, mm-hm... Yes, all right.
I'll tell them your deductions right away.
What?
Don't tell me you were talking to that little boy?
Aa... yes. Wait, Conan, let me talk!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I've just penjar.
Ostres!
So what do you say?
What did you solve the case, Shinichi?
Yes.
Here the question is that all 3 suspects have said
that all 3 were born and sold to grow up in Tokyo city,
but there's actually one who's hiding from us
who is from the Kansai region,
and therefore, this person is the culprit.
I would expect no less, from Shinichi Kudo.
Hey, hey!
Not so fast! Ha-ha!
Ah!
If you're from here, from Tokyo, how do you know so many things about Kansai?
Make no mistake, I'm just repeating what Shinichi just told me.
And he told me that this would be his final home run.
(Thinking) "You bastard! He's back with baseball. He doesn't have a clue!"
Ah, that's right.
Shinichi told me that we asked the owners of the restaurant
to prepare a very specific dish for us.
Mm?
Why is that?
Because it seems that with this dish we will know which one of them is from Kansai.
He told me that it is a magic dish.
What do you mean, it's a magic dish?
-Miso soup, if I'm not mistaken, right? -Does it mean that we have to eat it?
Anyway, if they say that by eating the soup...
you'll be able to find out who the culprit is, I'll make an effort.
Perfect, but you have to finish them all at once.
Ah, yes, it's true, I asked them to do it for everyone.
Yes, for you too, Heiji.
(Think) "What one in ten to carry on your head?"
It's impossible to know who's to blame by doing this.
How it cooks!
What's in this soup?!
Gee, yeah!
I'm not saying that Tokyo food is bad, but it's over sized.
It's true, you can't even eat it.
It's not that I don't like it, but it stings too much.
What's wrong with it now?
That you can't find what's cooking?
Yes, but I would probably have said it differently.
I would rather say that this soup...... itches a lot.
No? Isn't it the same?
Yes, of course it is the same, but here, in Tokyo,
dishes like curry or ramen, made with very strong spices,
we say they are spicy;
in Kansai, when a food is spicy, they say it's cooked.
So now that Mr. Toru Amakasu just said....
that miso soup is spicy, he has given himself away,
and actually, it's from Kansai.
What?
That's why you found out?
So, you guys never say that something is cooking?
I would say that "my eyes are boiling", for example.
Come on, man!
That's a silly thing to say.
No-I only used this expression because...
it was the same as what this Osaka nano just said.
Tell the truth, so far you've made an effort...
not to be noticed that he's from there.
Sorry, I've always spoken in Tokyo dialect!
We don't call our way of speaking "Tokyo dialect".
But you don't know this because you are from Kansai.
Do not we say this? No.
The truth is that we don't.
Frankly, it's the first time I feel someone from Tokyo...
talk about "Tokyo dialect."
Yes, me too.
Maybe I've heard of "Tokyo accent".
That's right.
And if I were from Tokyo I would have surely said it like that.
And that's what proves he's from Kansai.
Hey, why don't you stop picking on me?!
This man has also done something very strange before!
Don't make that face!
He said he ordered a variety of ice cream for dessert,
but in fact they brought him an assortment of fruits!
And then he said to take it away!
No, I meant an assortment of fruit.
I ordered an assortment, which in Tokyo is a fruit assortment.
Yes, in Tokyo by a variety we mean a variety of fruits.
And I know that in other parts of Japan, when you order a variety, you get a variety of ice cream,
they bring you a variety of ice creams.
I had also thought they were ice creams.
I had already noticed.

Because you're from the Kansai region, too.
"You thought it was ice cream because you told him it was fattening."
"In Osaka, when you order a variety, you mean a variety of ice cream.
That's why it's obvious..., even if he makes this face,
"that Mr. Amakasu is from the Kansai region..,
even if the detective there hasn't noticed.
(Thinking) "Shinichi..." And another thing.
You used to hold your cigarette with your left hand.
But, actually, you are right-handed.
I know, because you used to hold your chopsticks with your right hand when you ate.
You don't need to do this review in front of you either...
But this has a very simple explanation:
He picked up the cigarette with his left hand because he was scared.
If he had used the hand with which he picked up the poisoned candy...
-Yes, yes, that's clear! -What did he think, this little boy!
How dare you accuse me in this way?!
Besides, what if I'm from Kansai?! What?!
He just confessed! Oh!
N-no... I-It was just a rhetorical question.
I don't mean I'm from Kansai.
This kid has made me so nervous I don't even know what to say.
Yes, of course.
Actually, there's so much evidence accusing him,
he no longer has any reason to hide the fact that he's from Kansai.
Apart from the fact that he is from Kansai,
which would already be grounds for finding him guilty,
he also wanted us to believe that he was left-handed, when he is right-handed.
But there's more: after the murder he ordered ramen
to have an excuse to ask for a wet wipe.
If he spilled some broth it would not be suspicious to ask for it.
After poisoning the victim in the bathroom, he had no time to wash his hands,
he didn't have time to wash his hands
and needed something to wash off the poison.
He could not wash his hands in the bathroom,
because he felt that someone flushed the toilet
and he realized that he was not alone.
Did you flush the toilet? Oh, yes, I did.
I did it just before I got out of the toilet
to see what was wrong with the man who was moaning.
And of course, the noise of the chain...
prevented him from feeling the killer's footsteps coming out of the toilets.
Why did he pick up the cigarette with his left hand...
if he had already wiped his hand with the wipe?
Because he wouldn't be entirely sure
if all the poison had disappeared.
So the cyanide is invisible.
And if the wipe is not on the table,
it means he must have hidden it in his pocket.
I am convinced that if they analyze the wipe,
they will find traces of cyanide.
Mr. Amakasu, I know that you are the person who killed that man.
the sink with the poisoned candy.
And... and that's what Shinichi told me on the phone.
-Apart session! - (brittle)
Iah!
Aaaah! This isn't a very good idea!
-Oops, now! -Not a good idea either.
(whistling in admiration)
(thinks) "The girl knows how to defend herself!"
Look that we had warned her.
Ja I believe it, and doubly so.
(Think) "Case closed."
Well, you're back sooner than I thought.
-Have you been able to solve the case? -Yes.
And it looks like the killer is a man who also poisoned the president of a company in Kansai.
of a company in Kansai.
His friend knew it was him,
and decided to kill him in the bathroom of the restaurant.
Anyway, in the end there has been quite a mess.
And this teenager in the picture you sent me, who the fuck is he?
She showed up with Conan and the others.
She looks like a high school student.
You don't know who she is, do you, Jodie?
I got the feeling I've seen him somewhere else before.
I don't know.
Does he look familiar to you, James?
No.
I've never seen her before, this girl, me.
(thinks) "Girl? Oh!"
At first I thought it was a boy, but she told me it was a girl.
But you, without telling her, how did you know it was a girl?
I guess it's because of the experience I have.
I've been in this business for many years, and I've seen it all.
(Thinking) "Now that I realize it, this girl looks a lot like..."
What a ?
How was it a draw?
Wasn't it Shinichi,
who said who the culprit was and who solved the case?
They were competing, Heiji and Shinichi?
Yes, you see.
But thanks to Heiji, who is from Kansai,
we found the first clue, crucial to solving the case.

From there, Shinichi, who is from Tokyo,
was the only one capable of finding out the truth.
What's wrong, don't you think it's fair?
Earlier, when we were at the restaurant,
I realized something that made me think:
when Heiji saw that Shinichi was winning,
he took it badly and got very angry.
If you and I had a competition, would it bother you if I beat you?
Do you think it would make you angry?
Do you take it badly?
No, on the contrary, I would be happy for you.
And even congratulate you.
Oh!
It's not so clear to me.
Maybe it means that we Kansai people are more spiteful people.
And now!
Don't say that.
Maybe Kansai people are more hot-blooded and show their emotions.
and show their emotions more,
but this is not bad.
Yes.
De-must be això.Mm-hm.
And I pay more laughs.
We do have that, but you're also very giggly.
But, you know, considering...
that that little boy wasn't even at the scene of the crime..,
shouldn't we say that he's the one who won the duel?
Yes, yes, I think so too!
Hey, if you don't accept that we've tied,
I'll tell everyone that you're Shinichi.
The truth is that it should be me, the winner,
because I've found the first clue, which is always the most important one!
Maybe he does have... a little bit of a bad temper, in Heiji.
So what?
When are you going to tell us why you came to Tokyo?
Mm?
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
What are you saying?
That you got the letter from someone who is already dead?!
And it was for you, Hattori? Yes.
It was an acquaintance of my mother's, actually.
The man's name was Wakamatsu
and he was the president of a design company in Tokyo.
In fact, I'd met her once myself.
He was murdered last month at the family villa in Karuizawa.
-He was murdered? -Yes...
I asked Mr. Otaki from the police for more information,
and he explained that they were celebrating
Wakamatsu's wife's birthday party at that villa.
The police believe he was killed by a burglar
who had broken in, and was unlucky enough to bump into them,
but they think he had only entered the villa to steal money.
Yes, but what does it have to do with you?
Why do you receive it, this letter?
Maybe he sent it to you before he was murdered, right?
No.
It's postmarked 10 days after the murder.
It can't possibly be from him.
The return address says "Kohei Wakamatsu."
but the letter must have been written by the person who killed him.
the person who murdered him.
Is it sure? Yes.
I'll read it to you, so you can see what it says:
"Dear Mr. Heiji Hattori.
It would be an honor to meet with a teenage detective as famous as yourself
to confess to you the truth of the crime I have committed.
Now, I don't know if it would be good to meet in person,
because I doubt you could see me properly.
After all, I am nothing more than a distorted being created by you humans,
the humans.
To get to see me face to face is like a pipe dream.
If you still want to see me, the next night of the full moon...
I will be waiting for you at the house of the man I murdered."
Then, at the end of the letter,
there is the address of her family's home in Osaka.
And aside, the envelope..., look.
There was also the key to the house in question.
(Shinichi voice) It was the key that opened the door to a new case.
The case of a terrible serial killer.
There was someone strange, with long hair,
sitting on the floor and leaning against the wall of the sink!
What the ?
But when the police arrived, the message had disappeared.
"What has disappeared is my body, the letters are".
Just between us, a madman has dared to kill someone in front of 3 detectives!
"Do not miss the next episode:
The design of poison and illusion (Eye) ".

