(Heiji) Another detective?
And so what do you say, that makes you suspect something?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
Her name is Masumi Sera.
Her family moved to the U.S. 3 years ago
and studied there.
And now she has returned to Japan, but I still don't know why.
"And why did you solve the case using Shinichi's voice,
if you knew he felt you?"
Because I had no choice.
"And if it's from the Organization?"
Maybe you were a little reckless, no?
"No, I doubt he's a member of the Organization, but..."
I got the feeling that it's not the first time we've met.
"What?"
"I find it all very strange."
But don't worry, I was planning to come and see you anyway.
And this way, we'll also get to know each other.
What a ?!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Great battle of deductions with in Heiji!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"Conan vs. Heiji.
Battle of deductions between the detective of the east and the detective of the west.
(Part One)"
How come you're so nervous?
It's a while before we get to Detective Mouri's agency.
Yes, I know, but I promised my mother I'd bring her something.
I have to find a restaurant here in Tokyo.
You know we're in a hurry this time.
We won't stop anywhere.
Look, in Nagano I already wanted to buy that good curry...
and I couldn't because of you!
This time you won't pass me the mate... Eh?
Oh!
This is it!
It's this one!
It's this one!
It's this one!
-Hey, what are you doing? -I just saw the restaurant.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to go by yourself, to see Kogoro.
-What?! - Mr. driver, stop the bus!
But what are you talking about?
This is a bus, not a cab.
Hey, hey, Kazuha, wait.
-Bye, Heiji, see you later. -Oh.
Wait, wait, wait!
What a nerve, leaving me alone.
What are you saying?
That today we're coming to see Heiji and the Kazuha?
Yes, he called me last night and told me.
Strange, maybe they should come to talk to us about some case.
Maybe, but he also told me...
that he was very curious to meet that detective.
Who do you mean?
Who did he mean?
Who are you saying is so curious to meet me?
Masumi!
(Masumi) So, he's the son of the Osaka police chief?
And he's also a junior detective?
He looks interesting, then.
Yes.
His name is Heiji Hattori.
Actually, Heiji is known as the detective of the west,
and Shinichi as the eastern one.
What do you mean, he's a rival of Shinichi?
They were only rivals in one case that they overlapped.
From then on,
they usually solve cases by collaborating with each other.
Yes, but that pair are still beginners.
They're still no match for the best detective in Japan,
the great Sleeping Kogoro.
Don't forget this little detail, Ran.
(Think) "Poor Sleeping Kogoro would do very little, alone."
So what?
Why is he coming to see you, today, at Heiji Hattori?
I don't know.
He just told us he was coming, but he hasn't told us what he was coming to do.
Ten years ago, he had trouble solving a case and he came to ask for my help.
Then he says that western detectives are better than eastern detectives.
East vs. West....
And which do you think is better, the one from the East or the one from the West?
I would say they are on the same level.
Yes, but if I had to choose one, I would choose the one from...
...the west!
You know perfectly well that I, in Heiji Hattori,
I'm a thousand times better than that hick from the east!

If you didn't stand up, you would have said one of those things that make history!
"By "parida", the entry you just made."
So what?
When can I meet him?
Where is this detective who has appeared out of the blue
and who wants to compete with my friend Shinichi?
It's here.
It says Masumi Sera.
I see you've heard of me.
Eh?
I didn't know you were a girl.
But how come you have almost no breasts?
Maybe they're taking a while to come out, but they'll grow sooner or later.
Yes, my mother has huge breasts...
and I'm sure someday I'll have them like her, too.
Right, Ran? Yes, of course I do.
I've never seen your mother.
By the way, where's the Kazuha?
Didn't you say she was coming too?
Yes, but she stopped to buy something.
The Kazuha's mother came to Tokyo a few days ago
and bought a curry that she liked so much
that she wants Kazuha to bring more.
This curry is only sold in one chain restaurant,
and here, in Tokyo, there are, of restaurants of this chain.
On her way here she saw one and stopped.
So, you will come, when you have already bought it?
So, Heiji, why did you come to see us?
-Ah, I came here because... (cell phone)
Excuse me.
It's Kazuha.
Hey, Kazuha.
What is it?
Have you bought the curry yet?
"Heiji, something terrible has happened!"
What happened?!
Are you still at the restaurant?
Yes, yes, I'm at the restaurant,
but people say there's a dead man in the toilet.
Everyone in here is very nervous.
What are you saying?!
Someone died in the bathroom?!
-A murder? - "I don't know yet."
But a foreign man told us
that he couldn't let anyone out of the restaurant,
that we all had to stay in here.
"Okay. Don't worry, I'll be right back."
You heard what happened.
I'm on my way.
Wait, what do you say we...
we take this opportunity to find out who the best detective is?
I think it's the perfect opportunity.
In Heiji you can represent yourself.
And in Conan you can go around communicating with Shinichi by phone
because everything is more fair.
Now, if you and Shinichi are such good friends,
you can also solve the case hand in hand.
I'm not going to give you any objections.
No, it's a good idea.
I think it's a very good idea.
A duel between Shinichi and me to show who's the best,
and let's make it clear from now on.
So, to sum it up,
while you Kazuha were paying for the curry you came to buy,
a foreign man has come out of the toilets
and asked someone to call the police
because he had found a dead man.
Is that so? Yes.
And he also said that no one was to go into the toilets,
or leave the restaurant until the whole situation had been cleared up.
And... he said all this in English, this foreigner?
No, he said it in Japanese.
And he was the person who discovered the body.
A foreigner who speaks Japanese very well
and, on top of that, he's the one who discovered the body?
I don't know, I find it rather suspicious.
Well... if you want me to tell you the truth,
I find it more suspicious
that every time we're called in on a police investigation,
it's always you.
Aaaah!
Yes, yes, it's just that...
when we arrive at the crime scene there's always some officer who says to me:
"We know you're coming from Inspector Megure."
and they send me in so I can get down to work.
-Do we know the cause of death? -He died of poisoning.
The cause of death is not much of a secret:
We found a candy impregnated with cyanide in the mouth of the corpse.
In addition, he had more of the same type of candy in his pocket.
Therefore, we could be talking about a suicide.
Yes.
The foreign man discovered the body
and took charge of the situation.
(Masumi) And who is he?
This foreigner, I mean.
It's just that it's a little strange that he knew what to do.
It's... it's just that he's a person
who has a very close relationship with the police force.
(Thinking) "There's also this one, today?"
Let's see, well, he's a foreigner who speaks Japanese very well,

who knows what to do at the scene of a crime and who has a close relationship with the police force...
and who, in addition, has a close relationship with the police force...
Ah!
Maybe this foreigner is the agent...?
That's right.
I'm convinced you were thinking of me, weren't you?
I knew it!
It's Special Agent Camel!
Special agent?
The duel ceases to be impartial,
if you meet such a rude foreigner.
Hey, Heiji, it's impolite to say you have an advantage...
...because they know the ill-favored foreigner.
Kazuha, what you said is also impolite.
And he's a special agent from where, may I ask?
He's an FBI agent. F-from the FBI?
Yes.
He's on vacation and he's traveling around Japan.
Oi, agent?
That's right.
It's been a while since I came
to this very restaurant with a friend to eat curry,
and I liked it so much that I decided to come back, that's why I'm here.
(Thinking) "Maybe it's true that it's so good, the curry here."
Well, if you don't mind, I'd like to take a look at the toilets.....
see if we can find any more clues that might shed some light on this man's death.
Look, if you were anyone else, I'd refuse,
but you know we're always in your debt.
Agent Camel, would you mind explaining again how it all went down?
And now, but perhaps we're entering the scene of the crime.
(Think) "So you're an FBI agent, are you?"
(Car: approaching)
(Man) Wasn't he with you, at Camel?
Yes, yes, but today he told me that he was going to eat at a restaurant...
that they make a very good curry.
-I haven't heard anything more.
W-Wow.
So he told you they make a very good curry.
Do you know if it's true?
I don't know.
I've never been to this restaurant.
(Mobile: message tone)
Speaking of the king of Rome... It's a message from Camel.
Eh?
-Has anything serious happened? -It seems so.
(Kogoro) It's very good that...!
Who would think of committing suicide in a place like this?
In could have chosen any other.
So what?
Have you been able to identify the victim?
Do you know who he is?
No.
We haven't been able to find anything to identify him yet.
The only thing we've found is his cell phone,
but it was inside the toilet, and since it got wet, it doesn't work.
Where exactly were you, Agent Camel?
I was in that toilet over there, two doors down from where the victim is.
And... on what basis do you say it was a suicide?
I heard a man say:
"Even though we are childhood friends,
I can't even consider what you're asking me to do.
The person who poisoned the Abe was me.
And therefore, now, the only thing that is responsible is me."
And right after that, that's when I felt him moaning.
I ran out to see what was wrong, but it was too late.
And that's when he decided to call the police and prevent anyone else from entering the house.
and stop anyone else from going into the toilets, I guess.
Yes.
Right off the bat, from everything that I sensed that he was saying,
you could deduce that he was talking to someone else,
that he was acknowledging the murder he'd committed
and that he wanted to turn himself in to the police,
and that the other, to prevent him from talking, decided to kill him.
But then I remembered that this man was alone at a table,
and I kind of heard only one person's voice,
it's quite possible that he was talking on the phone
and that the person he was talking to
was trying to prevent him from committing suicide,
but evidently, it didn't come out.
In the end I came to the conclusion
that the victim felt remorse for the murder and committed suicide.
Does this mean that the voice you felt was that of the victim?
Yes, I have no doubt.
Before, when we were in the restaurant,
he was sitting right in front of me, very close.
When he ordered, I could hear his voice perfectly.
It has many numbers of having been a suicide, then.
Yes, you are right, but there is no report...
of any case of poisoning of anyone who calls himself Abe..,
at least in the Tokyo area.
The police are looking to see if there are any other similar cases
that may have taken place in other prefectures.
Also, from what I've sensed,
this man had a pretty close relationship with this Abe end.
Mostly I say that because of the way he was talking.
What do you mean by that?

Were they close friends?
Yes.
Is there anything else that caught your attention?
Any details that you overlooked?
I don't know, his way of speaking...
Come to think of it.
He spoke with the same accent as this guy with the cap.
What?!
Like me?
What do you mean, the victim was from Kansai?
I couldn't tell you if he was from Kansai or not,
but it was all in words that... I didn't quite understand.
So then, the murder of this Abe...
must have been in the Kansai region.
Let's go and investigate.
D'acord.
What's the matter?
You don't like the face I make, or what?
No, no.
If you're trying to find out if I'm a boy or a girl,
let him know I'm a girl.
But I haven't grown breasts yet!
(Think) "This girl, where have I seen it before?"
(People: whispers)
(Kazuha) Wow, I'm so hungry!
I don't know if it will take long to come out....
Maybe.
And I, just by looking at this menu, my mouth is watering too.
Would you like one of these Abe's?
What is an Abe? A brand of candy from Kansai.
So, Shinichi?
How's the case coming along?
Have you found any clues yet?
(Shinichi voice) I don't quite know which way to go yet.
If we had a little more information
on this Abe guy who was murdered in the Kansai region,
maybe it would be something else and I'd know more where I need to go.
Of course...
Well, I have to confess that I'm ahead of you.
What?!
How is it ?!
What-what do you know?!
You'd like to know, wouldn't you?
For starters, I know that man didn't commit suicide,
that it was murder.
And that the culprit is still the restaurant,
waiting for yours truly to find out.
It was not a suicide?
And how did you come to this conclusion?
It's very simple, Shinichi,
because I, unlike you,
I'm a great detective, not a bum!
All right, now I'll admit that you're the best,
but tell me how you got here.
What?
What did you just say?
It's just that you didn't say so loosely,
I didn't feel it very well.
I asked you to tell me how you came to the conclusion.
No.
Before that.
Ah... I-I recognize that-that-that-that you're the best.
You just told a great truth.
And if the master doesn't tell you a little bit about things,
you don't understand anything at all, do you, beginner?
"You're starting to get on my nerves."
Very well.
First of all, give me a summary of everything that has happened so far.
Everything that's happened?
What we know so far
is that Agent Camel has gone into the toilets of this restaurant,
"And that he heard the voice of a man who sounded like he wanted to commit suicide...
two doors down from where he was."
"He went to see what was going on and found the man dead...
with a cyanide-impregnated candy in his mouth."
"That's it, isn't it?"
And what did the man say, which has led to think that he had committed suicide?
He said, "Despite the fact that we are childhood friends,
I can't even consider what you're asking me to do.
The person who poisoned the Abe was me.
And so, now, the only thing that is responsible is me."
I see you don't know what he meant about Abe.
Oh, oh, how lost you are!
Will you stop being interesting and explain it to me once and for all!
You heard it, didn't you, that they said that the victim spoke the way we speak in Kansai?
Of course he did.
Well, if he said it the way we speak,
it could have another interpretation.
He said: "Even though we are childhood friends,
I can't consider what you're asking me to do.
The person who poisoned the Abe was me.
And therefore, now, the only thing that is responsible is me."
In Japanese "jibun" is "I", but for us it is something else.
Yes, yes!
He said that!
He-he said it in these very words,
which is exactly what I said before.
Isn't it?
That's what I said, isn't it?
That the victim said that he had committed the murder of that Abe guy,
and then probably committed suicide because he was remorseful.
But what he says...... is something else.
A Kansai "jibun", which in Japanese means "I",
is also used to mean "you."
What?
What-what do you mean?
How can it be that a word

which in Japanese means "I", in one region means "you"?
It's like this.
Think of Japanese as a rather complicated language.
This happens with more words.
In this case, the word "jibun",
which almost all regions of Japan means "I",
in the Kansai region can also mean "you".
That is to say, if we change the word "I" to "you",
it represents that he has said that "The person who poisoned the Abe was you",
and therefore, now, the only thing that is responsible is you".
This would be what he said, right?
Well, if... we understand it this way,
it means that the victim wasn't just confessing to a crime.
No, he would be accusing someone else of having committed a crime...
and he was threatening her that he would tell on her.
And it can't be that, instead of having said that he "poisoned the Abe", the man said that he "poisoned the Abe",
the man said "poisoned the Abe"?
Yes, maybe so.
I said I didn't understand him very well because of the way he spoke.
Yes, of course, he may have said it perfectly well.
So, this Abe was not referring to a person's name, but to a candy.
-It's a candy from Kansai. A candy!
What, they're good, huh, these Abe candies?
Mm!
The man who died in the bathroom
was found with a cyanide-poisoned candy in his mouth, wasn't he?
That's right.
We had mixed up the candy for Abe, as a first name.
It looks like we're starting to get the picture.
I still don't understand how there could have been so much confusion.
We've already told him that Japanese is a rather complicated language.
(He thinks) "Yes, and more like the way you Kansai people speak it."
But this means that there must have been someone in the bathroom,
who put the poisoned candy in the victim's mouth.
Exactly.
And the fact that the FBI agent didn't hear the voice of the culprit
means that, most likely,
the culprit had arranged to meet at this restaurant
with the man who had threatened to turn him in,
but instead of sitting down with him,
he told her on the phone to wait for her inside a washroom,
that they would meet there.
Then, when she had him in the bathroom,
all she had to do was offer him the candy to kill him.
He didn't need to say anything to her.
And then he threw the cell phone into the toilet bowl
so that there would be no record of the call log.
It must have gone like this.
And what the culprit didn't count on
is that two doors down there was an FBI agent listening in,
who, on top of that, knew what he had to do in this kind of case.
And so, this means that the killer must still be here,
inside the restaurant.
All right, then.
We'll narrow down the suspects to men in their 30s and 40s,
and interrogate them one by one.
The culprit must be this age,
if they were childhood friends with the victim.
And that means...
right now I win.
I'm waving my hand in this boy's face.
What do you mean "this boy"?
Wasn't the duel with Shinichi?
Yes, yes, I meant Shinichi.
Since he's the one representing him, I made a mistake.
It's just that every time he tells me
the deductions that Shinichi tells him on the phone.
he makes a face as if he's a little bit sober
and it's exactly as if he was talking to Shinichi, I don't know if you understand me.
Ah...
Apart from that I also have to tell you that I have more than won this duel.
Because, if the culprit was a childhood friend of the victim,
he was probably also from the Kansai region,
and there will be many more things that someone from Tokyo will not understand,
and yet for someone from Kansai they will be crystal clear.
For God's sake.
In Camel he is always involved in all kinds of cases.
Yes, and now that we are conducting an investigation in secret...
without permission from the Japanese police.
(Mobile: message tone)
-What?
Message from Camel? -That's right.
But he didn't write me anything.
He just sent me a picture.
Mm?
A boy.
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo from him.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta he.

Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.

