What are you saying?
That you got the letter from someone who is already dead?
And it was for you, Hattori? Yes.
It was an acquaintance of my mother's, actually.
The man's name was Wakamatsu
and he was the president of a design company in Tokyo.
As a matter of fact, I'd met her once myself.
He was murdered last month at the family villa in Karuizawa.
-He was murdered?! - Yes, he was.
They explained to me that on that day they were celebrating the birthday party
Wakamatsu's wife's birthday party at that villa.
The police think he was killed by a burglar who had broken in,
and was unlucky enough to bump into them,
but they think he had only entered the villa to steal money.
Yes, but what does it have to do with you?
Why do you receive it, this letter?
Maybe he sent it to you before he was murdered, right?
No.
It's postmarked 10 days after the murder.
It can't possibly be from him.
The return address says "Kohei Wakamatsu."
but the letter must have been written by the person who murdered him.
Is it sure? Yes.
I'll read it to you, so you can see that it says: "Dear Mr. Heiji Hattori.
It would be an honor to meet with a teenage detective as famous as yourself
to confess to you the truth of the crime I have committed.
Now, I don't know if it would be good to meet in person,
because I doubt you could see me properly.
After all,
I am nothing more than a distorted being created by you humans.
To get to see me face to face is like a pipe dream.
If you still want to see me,
the next night of the full moon
I will be waiting for you at the house of the man I murdered.
Then, at the end of the letter
there is the address of her family's home in Osaka.
And separately, the envelope,
look: there was also the key to the house in question.
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"In Heiji receives a letter and a key that lead us to some letters."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The design of poison and illusion (EYE)."
Hm.
So what?
Did you, or did you not, go to the house where this ghost was waiting for you?
Needless to say, I was willing to accept the invitation,
but I caught a cold,
and then this one took my key without telling me.
Someone had to go in your place, didn't they?
What?
You went alone in the ghost house?
Oh, no.
I was accompanied by 3 friends.
I told them that it was like a test of courage.
Besides, it wasn't a typical haunted house.
It seems that President Wakamatsu used it from time to time,
when he came back to Osaka, and he kept it clean and tidy.
There was even electricity.
What about there?
Did you find someone waiting for you in the house?
No, I didn't.
I rang the doorbell and they didn't answer.
So, in the end I had to enter using the key,
and inside it was very well decorated!
I was a little scared, but when I saw that palace, I was over it!
But then, we wanted to see what the bathroom looked like,
and when we went to look at the four of us...
What-what happened?
There was someone strange, with long hair,
sitting on the floor and leaning against the wall of the sink!
What?!
And were you able to talk or what?!
We just didn't have time!
After we met him, the lights went out right away.
"And while we were deciding what to do,
"And we were thinking about whether to call the police or someone else,
"we heard some creepy noises,
"And just as we were about to turn around because we were so scared,
"Then the light suddenly came back,"
and the person who had been there until a moment ago had disappeared!

He must have triggered the remote-controlled blackout and then walked away.
Look, I assure you I wouldn't have come to Tokyo
if it had ended here and that's it.
It turns out that where I was, I had left a piece of paper.
A piece of paper?
Yes, with a text written on a computer:
"What has disappeared is only my body, the letters are there".
Letters?
What letters?
On the tiles of the wall where they had seen the person leaning against the wall
they had engraved some letters with a knife.
-Hadn't they? -Yes.
They were three letters of the alphabet, written in large letters.
E, and Greek, e.
E, and Greek, and?
(Think) " 'Eye'."
(Think) " 'Eye'?"
The letters disappeared along with the person,
but the paper said yes, they must be.
And have you thought that they may have replaced the tiles with new ones?
As the tiles at the bottom of the wall were all cut out,
the truth is that I thought the same thing.
But I saw
that the tiles gradually changed color from top to bottom,
and they were lighter underneath.
If someone had moved them, I would have noticed them right away.
And you're going to see them too, the tiles, Heiji?
Yes.
I went there, but I found a good group of workers
who told me that they were starting the reconstruction of the house,
and they wouldn't let me in at all.
And, hey,
how long do you think the lights were off, more or less?
I don't think it was five minutes.
Hm.
So I must have had some other ones on the side.
Some tiles of the same color as the ones with the letters.
It's easy to deduce
that he must have taken advantage of the moment of darkness to exchange them
and that he took the engraved tiles with him.
Where do you see the complication, in this amateur trick?
Yes, this is logical.
But now comes the interesting part.
Eh?
It turns out that Mr. Wakamatsu died in the bathroom of the villa,
which had the same type of tiles.
And when they found the body, they noticed that there was a message
that he had written in his own blood before he died,
but when the police arrived, the message was gone.
Eh?
The message he had written was gone?
And, of course, Mr. Wakamatsu had blood on his finger.
It was obvious that he had written something.
Don't you find that very strange?
Maybe the culprit sneaked back,
saw it and erased it.
But then the luminol
would have tested positive around the victim's finger.
What if he did like the person who saw the Kazuha?
Maybe he changed the tiles for clean ones.
Yes, the truth is that just then Mr. Wakamatsu...
was changing the tiles in the sink
and that the glue had not yet dried completely,
so it wouldn't have been hard for him to change them.
But it looks like the ones they have are just like the ones Kazuha saw,
that the color is getting paler from top to bottom,
and therefore if they were exchanged, it would be noticeable.
It really gets better knowing that the killer used the same trick
as what Kazuha saw?
Hm.
Very much so!
That's why I wanted to go to the Wakamatsu's usual residence, in Tokyo,
to investigate a little more,
and I told my mother to arrange a meeting for us.
-Because you are accompanying us, right? -What about me?
What do you care if I come?
Wow, that's serious.
It's just that we told them we'd be 5.
What a ?!
Hm!
He-he!
That's much better for you, isn't it? Yeah, I guess so.
Excuse me, Sera.
Coi de...
(Woman) That's funny!
So you're Heiji, the Shizuka's son?
-It's the first time we've met, right? -I would say yes.
Well, my husband always told me a lot of stories about you.
He used to tell me that you're very smart for your age.
And that someday you might still be able to compete
with that famous teenage detective, Shinichi Kudo.
Ahem!
Well, but you'd better compete with someone of his level,
because against the great Kogoro Mouri you have nothing to do.
Ha-ha!
-Hey, we didn't have dinner, though?! - Ah, Ikura...
Didn't I tell you that I'm starving?!
Until what time should we wait for dinner in this house?!
Excuse me, son.
It's just that the maid has gone to buy soy sauce.
-You'll have to wait a little bit. -Okay, but hurry up and come back!

And tell him that I want him to give me a bigger ration than the rest!
Is he your son? Yes.
Although he's actually my husband's son from a previous relationship.
-He married us in second nuptials. -Other...
Well, I see you have guests.
I do.
This is the detective I told you about.
He's here with company.
Oh, I see.
Now I see.
But I didn't expect so many of us.
What's the matter?
What's wrong? -Ah... no.
It's just that, as usual,
I bought the "baumkuchen" that the president liked,
but with a maybe we don't have for everyone.
There is no problem.
He thinks that the president is dead, and therefore we are one less to eat.
And since I have already tasted it, I won't eat any more either.
-Shut up, Fujinami! -Excuse me, can you tell me who they are?
Yes, the first one is at Masashige Shiina, the managing director of the company,
and the second is on Sumio Fujinami, the chief designer.
-Hey, Satake!
Do you feel me?! - Yes, tell me.
It's just that the Ikura is very hungry and in a bad mood,
but with a little "baumkuchen" he's sure to get over it.
-Can't you make us some tea? -Right away.
Which one loves you?
Is it okay if I make a Prince of Wales?
It's the black tea that the president liked.
-Yes, perfect. Well, I'm using it now.
And this woman?
That's Yoshimi Satake, she was the president's secretary.
Now she works for me.
Anyway, almost all of us who were in the villa...
the day my husband died;
only the maid is missing.
If you want, we can talk about the day of the murder in the living room.
Wow.
So your husband was a do-it-yourselfer?
Yes.
And that's why he forgot about my party that day and said,
since he designed the tiles, he wanted to put them in.
Yes, I'm sure he didn't even imagine it,
that because of that whim he would end up like that.
-Fujinami! -Yes, sorry.
Let's see, and who was the first one to see the corpse?
-Ah, well... It was me!
I went to the bathroom to see if I could help the gentleman,
but I found him on the floor full of blood!
Ah... Excuse me!
I heard the conversation.
It's the maid, the Yonehara.
So, you saw it too, the message she had written in blood?
Ah.
Yes.
And so?
Can you tell us what she wrote?
You'll remember it, even if it disappeared.
-Yes. -Yes.
I know they were letters...- Enough, no, on this subject?!
You'll make the "baumkuchen" get on my nerves!
What?
Do I have to cut it?!
No, of course you don't.
Ah, I'll do it, cutting is my job.
Very well, Yonehara, you cut it and I'll put it on the plates.
-Escolteu: Okay.
Taking advantage of the fact that all the representatives of the company are here,
why don't we decide who will be the next president?
Provisionally, I think it's good that the mother is the next president,
who is the vice-president,
But don't you think that she would be more comfortable if I were in the position?
I am not in a prominent position right now, but in the long run I would end up being the next president,
but in the long run I would end up being the president anyway,
because I'm the successor.
I am right, am I not?
Oi, mother?
Y-yes.
Well, let's not complicate our lives any further.
Just make me president and that's it!
I'm sure Father would want it that way, too.
W-wait a minute!
He doesn't even have a plate, don't eat him like that!
What are you saying, donkey?
That way it tastes better gu...!
Aaah!
Aaah!
Aaaaagh!!!
Ikura?!
Ikura?!
-Don't move! -Huh?
I don't want anyone to lift a single finger until I,
the great Kogoro Mouri, give them permission!
Ah, but... Look, these guys already...
What?
No.
We've already lost her.
-What?! -What?! - What?!
Looks like cyanide poisoning.
That means
they must have used the baumkuchen she ate.
Ran, Kazuha!
Don't even think about eating the baumkuchen!
A-okay...
-Kazuha, you call! -To the police?!
Yes, because among us there is a madman...
who has dared to kill someone in front of 3 detectives!
(Takagi) The victim is Ikura Wakamatsu, age 25.
Son of in Kohei Wakamatsu, president of a design company,
who died at Karuizawa last month.
-Is that right, this? -Ah... Yes.

Hm... The question is to know when they put the poison into the "baumkuchen".
We don't know when they did it, but it looks like the poison was in a capsule.
What? Look.
At the bottom of this teacup is some kind of capsule.
It's almost dissolved, though.
Hm...
The culprit probably had the capsule ready.
He broke it to put the poison in the "baumkuchen",
and took advantage of the fact that we were watching the corpse to leave it in the cup.
Of course, if it dissolves, there are no more traces.
From what you say, the killer must be someone who was near the cup.
Oh!
Yes, but it's true that when we told them to stay away from the corpse,
they all went towards the table.
Therefore, it seems to me that everyone who was in the room...
had the opportunity to leave the capsule in the cup at some point.
I... I sure as hell didn't!
Because I'm sure I haven't gone near the "baumkuchen" for a moment,
and on top of that, this mug is mine!
Hm.
Can you tell me who was in charge of cutting it?
The... the one who cut it was me,
but Mrs. Satake helped me cut the saucers.
And she was also the one who told me that it divides into 8 equal parts.
8 parts?
That's right.
In the end I thought it would be best to make 8 cuts:
the 5 guests, for the lady,
for her son and for Mr. Shiina, who loves it.
It was also fair, because he bought the baumkuchen,
and if we divided it among ourselves, the slices would have been too small.
Well, so you bought it yourself? Yes, I did.
Since both the president and I
and I really liked the baumkuchen in this store,
I always bought it whenever I came here.
Today, I had to come by car with Fujinami,
I asked him to come by and buy some.
Now that I think about it, you said that you had already tasted it, the "baumkuchen".
What?
It... it was a little piece of nothing!
I stayed in the car while he went to the bakery,
but when he came back and gave me the box,
he goes and tells me that he didn't think to ask for the receipt...
and that he had to go back inside to get it, so I,
while I was waiting for it, I took a little piece.
Now I understand!
That's why she's missing a piece, to me!
In other words, now we know that you had time to put the poison....
all over the baumkuchen before you got to the house.
You really think that you have put the poison all over the baumkuchen,
and that Ikura died by chance, just because he tasted it first?
No, it was planned.
It was obvious, because the Ikura was very hungry.
Yes, but... if it had been as you say,
I don't see why he would have had to put the capsule inside the cup.
Ha.
It's for getting lost.
Yes, man!
He wanted to make it look like the poison was coming from there,
and then he just needed to avoid going near the "baumkuchen"
to get away with it.
-Isn't this it? -But-but...
But I gave myself away!
I said that I had bitten!
And wait, when we arrived and I parked the car in the garage,
Mr. Shiina brought the "baumkuchen",
so he also had the opportunity.
Besides, I had no idea that Ikura's coi would be hungry.
You see me capable,
to put poison all over the "baumkuchen" without knowing that?!
If someone had eaten him before, he would have died, damn it!
By the way, why was Ikura so hungry?
Because I went to buy soy sauce and I was late for dinner.
And who knew I was so hungry?
Well, we could have found out from the secretary Satake,
the maid Yonehara, and me, right?
Well... yes.
By the way, the Ikura went to take one of the two cuts...
left on the tray and ate it just like that.
Did he always do these things when he ate?
Yes.
He said he found everything better that way.
He also ate the cakes without cutlery.
You could have made a bigger cut to poison him,
knowing that the Ikura was a glutton and that he'd probably choose.
The 8 cuts were exactly the same!
What didn't you see, that they were all the same size?
Ahem.
In any case, we will now proceed to do a full investigation of the tea.

and the remaining baumkuchen,
so we'll do a general inspection of all of you
and then you will have to wait in another room.
Oh, I don't know what I will do.
The delivery date for the designs you ordered from us is imminent,
at the end of the month, and now look what happened to the Ikura.
The way things are going, I don't think they'll let us leave today.
What a shock!
With all the work I still have to do!
Yes, and I need the vice-president to sign some papers.
I have also sent several test fonts to this team.
The color and design had to be chosen.
Have you had a chance to look at it?
Didn't I tell you to print these things for me?!
Excuse me.
As the president wanted it this way, I keep doing it this way out of habit.
This computer has a different operating system,
and I don't know how to use it!
Never mind, I'll check with them later.
-Tell me which file it is, okay? -Okay.
Now that you're talking about the president...
Is it true what that idiot Ikura said before?
That in the long run he would have inherited the company because he was the son of the owner?
-Ah, I was surprised too. - Me too.
I don't know.
Maybe he thought so, but it doesn't mean that it had to be like that.
Well, in any case it was lucky,
because I wasn't willing to work for that brat.
Stop it!
Why don't you...?!
A little respect!
A person has just died!
I know that none of you didn't like Ikura very much,
but it's also true that someone has poisoned her!
And on top of that, it's possible that the murderer is in this very room!
You could be a little more sensitive!
What about you?
You mean you're very sensitive, you?!
Someone has just died of poisoning and you go and give us another tea?!
Don't suffer, I've done it while the police were watching me!
But if you still think you might be poisoned, don't drink it!
What did you say?! By the way...
That earlier we had a half conversation.
What conversation? The one at the beginning.
When we were saying that last month
the president had died in his villa in Karuizawa
and that it was you who found the body, right?
Wasn't it?
Yes.
And, if I'm not mistaken,
you noticed that before he died he had written a message in blood,
but when the police arrived the message had disappeared.
By the way, if memory serves, you remembered the message.
You said it was letters of the alphabet, right?
Po... Maybe I put e, Greek y, y, to the message ?!
-E, Greek y, y? -It would be "eye", "eye" in English.
I've seen it too!
The person who assassinated the president told us by letter
to go to the house he has in Osaka
and there the 3 letters also disappeared!
What?
In the house in Osaka?
Yes, and that's why we came all the way here to find out more details.
But what I saw...
I saw a letter a.
There was something else, but it was hidden by the hand and could not be read.
"What? A sa?!" Ep, stop the cart!
Masashige Shiina, the managing director...
And the others: the chief designer, Sumio Fujinami,
Yoshimi Satake, the secretary.
Serik Wakamatsu, the president's wife...
They all have the first or last name starting with that one!
D-in fact, my name also starts with that one, I call myself Sakurako.
You too ?
"Disappearing messages..."
"What do you mean, the one written in blood?!"
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
And isn't that where the one-eyed inspector we met is?
Yes, Inspector Kansuke Yamato.
Why didn't you tell me that the tiles at the crime scene were like that?
The day the case was solved,
it looked as if Yui wanted to confess to the inspector!
It's just impossible for someone to confess what they feel
and then nothing happens!
Ah! Eh?

"Don't miss the next episode:
'The design of poison and illusion (S) '."

