"A at Heiji Hattori got a very strange letter.
"Which it turns out he had written to him
"The man responsible for the murder of Kohei Wakamatsu,
"The president of a design company
who died a month ago in his villa in Karuizawa."
"In the letter he invited him
"To go to the house where Mr. Wakamatsu was born, in Osaka,
but Heiji had a cold and the Kazuha went instead."
"There, the Kazuha saw....
a long-haired, gloomy-looking person."
"But then the power went out,
and when he returned there was no trace left."
"But not only that,
"There was a message engraved on the tiles, E, Y, E,
that had also disappeared."
"To make matters worse, it turns out that to Karuizawa Mr. Wakamatsu...
"He wrote a message with blood on the tiles,
which was also erased very quickly."
"So, let's go see his family, in Tokyo.
"And then the son of the deceased, the Ikura,
dies poisoned before us."
-Kazuha, you call! -To the police?!
Yes!
Because among us there is a madman
who has dared to kill someone in front of three detectives!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"What does the S that the president wrote before he died mean?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The design of poison and illusion (S)."
We were saying that last month
the president had died in his villa in Karuizawa
and that it was you who found the body, right?
Yes...
Yes...
And, if I am not mistaken,
you noticed that before he died he had written a message in blood,
but when the police arrived the message had disappeared.
By the way, if memory serves me correctly,
you remembered the message.
You said it was letters of the alphabet, right?
Po... Maybe I put... E, Y, E, to the message ?!
-E, Y, E? -It must be "eye", "eye" in English.
I've seen it too!
The person who assassinated the president told us by letter
to go to the house he has in Osaka
and there the 3 letters also disappeared!
What?
In the house in Osaka?
Yes, and that's why we came all the way here to find out more details.
But... what I saw...
I saw a letter S.
There was something else, but it was hidden by the hand and could not be read.
(Thinking) "What? An S?"
Ep, stop the cart!
Masashige Shiina, the managing director...
And the others: the chief designer, Sumio Fujinami.
Yoshimi Satake, the secretary.
Serik Wakamatsu, the president's wife...
They all have the first or last name... beginning with S!
From... In fact, my name also begins with S, my name Sakurako.
You too?!
The only thing that had neither the name nor the surname begin with S...
was the Ikura, who was just killed.
Let's see, and what did you do when you found the corpse?
First of all, I went to tell the lady, who was in the living room.
Yes.
And we both went to see what happened to my husband.
Hurry, call an ambulance and the police!
-D'a... All right! -Use the office phone!
In this area there is often little coverage on the cell phone!
And by the way!
Don't say anything to Ikura!
I'll do it myself!
Although it will be in his room sleeping.
And above all, keep an eye out, so that others don't notice!
I don't want them to see my husband like this.
Of a... All right, madam!
Then she called the police,
but when they arrived the message was gone.
-Correcte? -Yes.
After the call I went back to the bathroom right away

and there I found the crying Ikura hugging Mr. Wakamatsu,
but it seems to me that then the letters were gone.
And you didn't see them, the letters?
No.
I was looking at my husband's body.
I was also told that the washbasin of the place of stay and of the Osaka house had the same tiles.
had the same tiles.
-Can you confirm that? -Yes.
In both cases, he had them made expressly.
"But in the house where my husband was born
"Reconstruction work has begun.
"And the villa in Karuizawa,
"You can't go in now because they're investigating,
but soon we will also throw it to the ground."
It's a pity, but I don't think I'll get to see them.
Eh?
When the president was assassinated, where were you all?
In the living room, with the lady.
And there were more people, because it was the vice president's party.
But when the celebration was over,
and the guests were leaving, the president made us stay.
Because he was going to tell us something important.
Yes, and she asked us to wait for her...
until she finished changing the tiles in the bathroom.
So all four of us stayed in the living room to wait.
We spent two hours playing poker.
This is called a perfect alibi!
As a result of the S that the maid saw,
the police immediately suspected us
and questioned us insistently.
In the end, as the president's wallet was missing,
they didn't locate the gun either,
and they found traces that showed that someone had broken in,
they came to the conclusion that the maid had imagined the handwriting.
That is why the police are now considering the theory
that the murderer was an outsider.
-Excuse me, Mr. Mouri!
Can you come?
-Me? MM?
(Kogoro) What?!
You haven't detected any traces of poison?!
Not even a little bit?
In any of the other pieces?
In none of them.
In the cup where the capsule was, they have found it, but nowhere else.
And even so, its toxicity level was relatively low,
therefore, either you put the capsule...
after using it to make the test disappear
or he just put it on to divert attention, as you suggested.
That's more likely.
Gee, that's funny.
So, the only place where there was poison was the cut of the "baumkuchen"?
that the Ikura has eaten, then?
That's strange.
Because there were two cuts left on the tray,
and the Ikura picked one at random.
How could the culprit have known
that what the Ikura would take would be the poisoned cut?
I know that!
That's just that it was a bit fatter!
Mm-hm.
Everyone would know that the Ikura was a glutton.
In fact, we've already considered it, this option.
And we bought a "baumkuchen" just like it from the same pastry shop
and we put the 7 remaining cuts on top,
but it turned out that they were all the same, nailed.
-What? - How do you explain that?
Do you mean that the murderer poisoned the cut of the "baumkuchen" after the Ikura put it on top?
after the Ikura caught it
and none of us here noticed it?!
No, man, and now.
It's not like I'm the invisible man, what's the big deal.
(Shinichi voice) This makes me think of the letter that was sent to you.
Yes.
It said: "I am nothing but a distorted being...
created by you humans.
Therefore, we are faced with an illusion that cannot be seen face on.
You... Are you serious?!
Is it possible that the only cut that was poisoned
was the one eaten by the Ikura?
Yes.
And not only that:
we took the 7 remaining cuts,
and placed them on top of another uncut baumkuchen.
In this way we were able to verify that yes,
that all the cuts were the same size as the Ikura.
But even if they were all the same,
I just had to put the poisoned one in front,
so that it would be easier to grasp.
-He didn't take the one in front!
The Ikura reached out to grab the cut that was farthest away!
-Didn't he, Mrs. Satake?! - Yes, he did.
-Sure, I've noticed it too. -Yes?
I don't know...
You cut it and placed it, it has no credibility.
Nobody had it easier to put the poison, to the "baumkuchen".

But I've seen it too! What are you saying?
Well, Ikura has taken the cut that was farthest away.
Of course he did!
I saw it too.
(Kazuha) "I noticed it because I found it strange,
that he wanted to take just that one."
Wow.
There were people watching the Ikura at that moment.
It's normal, he had just said that he would be the next president.
Yes, I couldn't help but follow him with my eyes.
In this case, I had a 50% chance.
-Maybe he wanted to gamble on it. What a joke!
And if he had taken the cut that had no poison in it, what would have happened?
What would have happened?
(Conan's voice) Well, he could have always made it look like...
that he dropped the cut on the floor when he picked it up
or when he put it on the saucer.
That way he could have prevented someone from eating the poisoned baumkuchen.
Besides, we know that the Ikura was a glutton and that he was hungry;
it was obvious that he wanted to eat before he was served.
Yes, that makes sense.
The other option is that he actually wanted
the Ikura to take the one in front of him, which was not poisoned,
because he intended to murder someone:
Mr. Shiina, who was supposed to eat the remaining cut.
What a ?
This means
that the culprit of the death of the president to Karuizawa last month
and what he intended to kill this time
either his son or Mr. Shiina
may be the same person.
And then the motive would be either the house or the position in the company.
Is there anything that can clarify whether it's one or the other?
No... Not that I know of!
-Now I come to think of it... -Mm?
A few days ago I saw Mr. Wakamatsu arguing with the Ikura!
He was telling him to confess,
that he knew he was the one who spent the company's money.
The Ikura replied that he didn't even trust his own son.
-And when was that, more or less?
I would say a week before the president's assassination,
to Karuizawa.
Gee, and couldn't it be that what he wanted to tell us that day,
when he made us meet...?
Mm... Maybe it was a matter of money embezzlement.
Ah... No, because this issue is already solved.
What?
Yes, I made a mistake when I updated the accounts.
Don't want to know how my husband scolded me afterwards.
Anyway, whatever the motive for the murder...
and whoever the target was,
we'll need you to explain to us again
exactly what happened tonight,
when the Ikura ate his slice of cake and fell to the ground.
They must still have it fresh now.
Well, then, we'll bring them in when we have everything ready.
You will have to wait in this room for a while.
Bah.
I don't know what you want us to tell you.
Well, there's nothing to be gained by standing here.
Satake, will you show me the designs of the fonts...
Your shipment that you sent to this team?
Yeah, sure.
-And while we're at it, Yonehara... -Ah, say.
Would you mind making us another tea?
No, right away.
By the way, isn't Karuizawa the jurisdiction of the Nagano police?
And isn't that where the one-eyed inspector we met is?
Yes, Inspector Kansuke Yamato.
Look, why don't we call him?
Maybe he can give us more information on the murder.
Yes, but without the number we can't do anything.
I don't have it, but I do have Yui's, who was so accommodating.
Ah, well, you can ask for it.
Yui is now a policeman again.
Is that so? Yes.
And may I know why the hell you have it, you, her number?
So that then I asked for it!
The day the case was solved,
it seemed as if Yui wanted to propose to the inspector!
And I didn't want to be left without knowing how it would end!
It's impossible for someone to confess what he feels and then nothing happens!
So what?
How did that couple end up?
It's obvious that he still hasn't dared to tell her anything.
And now it's been a while since we last spoke.
Shut up, maybe they're going out in secret and they haven't told you.
Donkey!
He told me that when he had made up his mind and took the step, he would let me know!
He wouldn't forget to tell me something so important!
Ah, Ka... Kazuha... Look, it's just that I have something to explain to you.
What is it?
What is it?
No, well, it's just that here in the middle...

Come on, let's go!
We don't wait any longer and call Yui, right?
Who knows, maybe she has been able to see the tiles of the washroom...
where the president was assassinated and she can tell us more about them!
Think that there are only in Karuizawa's villa, it is the only option.
What?
Tonight in Tokyo, Mr. Wakamatsu's son was murdered,
the one who died here in Karuizawa?
-Are you serious, Kazuha?! - "Yes!"
"We were at the scene of the crime by chance,
imagine how we all are."
And Heiji comments that it is possible that his murder and our murder are the work of the same person.
are the work of the same perso....
In any case, we need to see the tiles in the bathroom....
where Mr. Wakamatsu was killed!
"Oops... This voice..."
"You're that brown-skinned detective, aren't you?"
"What are they with you, Conan and Mr. Mouri?"
Yes, I have them here.
So that's it.
If this is a serial killer, we need clues!
We can't rule out that he's planning to kill someone else.
Well, we're here right now, in the chalet.
In fact, I'm going to look at the scene now.
But you're asking me for information that can't be given to third parties.
Hey, Uehara!
If it's a private matter, call later!
-We're going in now! Ah, right!
But well, considering the situation and the fact that you have helped us a lot,
as a special favor, I'll see if in Kansu...
I mean, if Inspector Yamato gives me permission.
Man, I think this one is fine.
And it also complies with the client's request.
Well, I think it lacks strength.
One of the ones from before caught my attention.
-This one, you mean? -No, this one is too flashy.
Well, the one before this one, maybe.
Madam, aren't you feeling well?
If your eyes are tired, use my drops.
Look, I just bought them and I haven't even opened them.
Thank you very much.
Well, they'll do me good.
Man, you must be exhausted.
With everything that's happened today...
And so much...
All right, now we've got everything ready.
Could you join us at the crime scene?
Excuse me, what makes you nothing if Mrs. Wakamatsu doesn't take part?
-Yes, she looks very tired. Ah... It's just that...
Besides, Mrs. Wakamatsu has been sitting all the time.
She couldn't have gone near the cut of baumkuchen that Ikura ate.
It's true.
It doesn't make much sense to be, does it?
If I may, I'd rather not do it and stay here.
All in all, I feel like being alone for a while.
Well, if you ask us to do so...
Well, in the meantime, you have the contracts in your desk drawer,
in case you want to advance work.
I'd need you to sign them and stamp them for me.
You mean these?
Oops, but the pen I had around here ran out of ink.
Use my pen, if you like.
In fact, your husband gave it to me some time ago.
It'll do me just fine.
Thank you. Thank you.
Well, if it's all the same to you... If there's nothing else...
I've left two police officers guarding outside the room.
If you want anything, talk to them.
Entesos.
(Sighs)
-Ah, excuse me... -Mm?
Hello.
What's wrong?
The... the lady said that surely they could no longer see...
the tiles in the washroom of Karuizawa's villa anymore,
but in fact...
Really?!
The sink of this house has the same tiles ?!
And may I know why you have not said this before?!
For you behaved in a way that seemed that you could not say!
Never mind, now!
That we could see them?
It... Of course.
You heard him!
We'll take her for a while!
Come on in, we'll be right back!
Just a moment!
To be precise,
the truth is that they are of a slightly different color than those of the chalet.
But the shape and color distribution are almost identical.
"But... But if this...!"
(Yamato) Hey, Uehara.
Why didn't anyone tell me,
that the tiles at the crime scene were like this?
But this is what the report said:
"The color of the tiles
gradually pales from top to bottom".
No.
It doesn't change, it looks like an optical illusion.
This is called...
It is the optical illusion of diamonds.
Known as "crazy diamonds".
What's that?
"Crazy diamonds," you say?
The top and bottom angles of each rhombus
are usually 30 or 40 degrees

and they are painted the same but with a very smooth gradation.
Now, the instant the edges of the diamonds touch and line up,
the change of tone makes the human eye perceive them as different points,
and interprets the diamonds as a single uniform set,
to see it grouped together.
The eye deceives us and gives us the impression that the rhombus
that the upper rhombuses do not have the same color as the lower ones.
In other words, the brain misinterprets the information.
And it can be tested.
Look: this tile and the one above are exactly the same.
Wow!
It's true!
Komei!
What are you doing here?
We'll take care of that!
The local one doesn't have anything to do here!
Come on, didn't they tell you?
Today I went back to the prefectural police.
I earned it, you know?
In any case, all this we must tell Mr. Mouri and the rest,
who are at the house of the man who died here.
They have also killed someone, and they told me it could be the same killer.
No, we'd better let them know after the coroner has investigated this.
-What? -Yes.
Because, in this case...
there was a rumour that the deceased had left a message
that mysteriously disappeared?
It is very likely that the guilty party took advantage of the optical illusion
to change the stained tiles for others!
And while we're at it, we took advantage of the call to tell them what the message was.
If he wrote it in blood, even if it was erased, we should recover it with luminol,
with luminol we should recover it.
What... What's this about "crazy diamonds"?
-What are you talking about? -Let's see, it's an optical illusion...
(Mobile) They're calling the Kazuha's phone!
(Mobile)
Yes?
Hello?
(Yamato) "Hey! Are you the Osaka nano detective?"
This voice... Inspector Yamato!
We just found the message the chairman left before he died.
(Yamato) "De... Really?!"
It's a word of only 3 letters: S, O, N: "Are"!
What?!
Y, O, N, says ?!
(Think) "Y, O, N. 'Are'? 'Son'?!"
Yes.
So if the two murders have been committed by the same person,
go straight to the son, and we'll have another case solved!
-Well, it can't be. "How!"
Because the one who was murdered here today is precisely the son.
"What... What did you say?"
"This means
that the murderer of Mr. Wakamatsu and his son, the Ikura.... -
"Are two different people?"
("Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da su", Grram)

Ikura matte itatte Kono mise wa.
Dare mo nani mo motte kite wa kurenai'n da yo de él.
Serufu saabisu enano Dakara Kono machi mo Kono kuni mo.
Muboubi ni tada ikite kite shimatta él.
Kanashii hodós Kyou no Yuuhi kirei da él.
Minna Supp Datta ano seventeen days.
Fushigi na Kurai kimi wa Doko kara kita no?
Soshite Bokura wa Doko ni mukatte ikun Darou.
I'm sure this is not the place to tell you about it, but...
You won't believe it...
What?!
That in Kudo what?!
"That we're at a crime scene, not making coffee!"
That's because what happened
is not that there was a cut of poisoned baumkuchen on the tray.
Exactly, and when we examine your slippers?
we'll know that you're the handle...
Don't miss the next episode:
"The design of poison and illusion (Poison)."

