(Shinichi voice) "In Kohei Wakamatsu, president of a design company,
"died murdered in his villa in Karuizawa,
"and, a month later, his son, Ikura,
"Has died of poisoning in the family home in Tokyo,
after eating a piece of baumkuchen."
"Oddly enough, however, the only cut that had poison in it
Was the one eaten by the Ikura."
"As the assassin had done it
to make sure it would kill him and not someone else?"
"Inspector Kansuke Yamato of the Nagano police," he said,
"He noticed that the tiles in the washroom
"where Mr. Wakamatsu was murdered
"They create the optical illusion 'crazy diamonds' or 'crazy diamonds',
"And thanks to this they recover the message
that the deceased left before he died."
It is a word of only 3 letters: a, o, ene: "Son!"
(Shinichi, think) " 'Son'? 'Son'?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
" 'Rombos bojos'i more poison surrounded by mystery."
"The truth always ends up knowing."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The design of poison and illusion ('Poison')."
No way!
Are you serious, this ?!
Is the person who died in Tokyo tonight
is Wakamatsu's son, then?
The one who killed his father at Karuizawa a month ago?!
(Man) "Yes, I can assure you."
What if the murderer left the message to pin it on Ikura?
It could be, couldn't it?
No, because in this case he would have left it...
in a place easier to find.
It would not have complicated life to hide so well the message
taking advantage of the optical illusion of the rhombuses.
But then the motive now would be nothing more than pure resentment.
Exactly.
The murderer was supposed to discover that the one who killed the president was the son
and killed him to avenge him.
It is the most logical deduction.
But maybe they were accomplices and he killed her to shut him up.
The message just says "they are".
I would say he acted alone.
So there you have it!
"We have told you everything we know!"
"Let there be no more victims!"
Tha... thank you.
So this means
that whoever wanted to make us go to the Osaka house
wanted us to see the little number of letters.
(Shinichi voice) Yes, and it's probably the same person...
who has now murdered Ikura.
You said so.
In fact, it already looked like he did it...
because we noticed the optical illusion trick.
Yes, and the Ikura would never have given it to us, a clue like this.
The question is why the president's wife has been hiding from us
that there are the same tiles here as the sink in the villa.
If the killer's goal
was to get us to discover the diamond trick...,
Mrs. Wakamatsu has been doing just the opposite.
Hey, handsome. (Conan voice) Eh?
Is it just me, or you don't talk like you used to?
When you were in front of everyone, you were just an ordinary kid,
but now you look like a professional detective.
Ah, no, it's that... Never mind, it's a game.
He likes to play detective, and I follow his lead.
Oh, gee...
Maco..., try not to bother the big ones, eh?
That here where you see him,
this kid is a very smart teenage detective!
Yeah...
Wow, he really told them a lot about me, the president?
And so much! he always said:
"You don't know what I would give for my son to have been like Hattori".
And that he didn't know what he had done for a son to be so useless.
"A son"?
I don't understand.
He had no other son, the president?
Ah... No, he didn't!

I meant it in the sense of "because of a son I have"...
Ah... (Shinichi, think) "Ah..."
Let me confirmed it again:
when the Ikura took the cut of poisoned baumkuchen
and ate it,
are you sure that you were placed this way?
(All) Yes.
Ah... And you, Miss?
You were also in the room?
Ah, yes, I was.
It was very well how are you,
in the same place and with the tray of "baumkuchen" in your hands.
-What?! - Xxxt!
Don't shout so much, man!
That Mr. Wakamatsu was killed by his own son?!
(Conan voice) Yes, but it's a secret.
By now, everyone thinks that the chairman and Ikura...
were killed by the same person,
someone who had a grudge against both of them.
Do you agree?
And for now, it's better not to air the other theory.
Exactly, because it is likely that the motive of the two murdered...
is not the same, but the other way around.
The one who killed Ikura was avenging the death of his father.
You could also ask them, as if nothing, you know ?,
if there is anyone who had a special affection for the president.
But... without saying anything to the inspector!
To deceive the enemy, you have to start with the ally.
What about Heiji?
What is he doing in a corner with Inspector Takagi?
What should they talk about? Who knows...
Oh, I wasn't thinking anymore!
What about before?
Didn't you tell me that you had to tell me something?
Sing, come on! No...
I'm sure this is not the place to tell you, but...
You won't believe it... What?!
What in Kudo what?! Aaah!
What's the matter?
-Sorry, it slipped out of my mind! -Which case...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Let's behave ourselves..."
"We're at a crime scene, not making coffee!"
So, then, apart from you,
Miss Yonehara and Miss Satake,
the "baumkuchen" hasn't been touched by anyone, right?
How strong!
Really, in Kudo you were declared ?!
Yes, well...
It's just that not long ago we went to London for a trip
and, by chance, he was there too.
And suddenly, there in front of Big Ben...
Oh, how nice, Ran!
What luck!
It's super romantic!
And then?
What has happened since then?
Well, nothing special...
Woman, but I guess he must call you and you see each other, right?
Do not believe.
We don't do anything.
Well, you call him, damn it, let's see if the nano wakes up!
No... I don't know, I have the feeling he felt obliged, you know?
And besides, I don't know how to say it,
I'd like to savor a little more the feeling of happiness.
It's all like a dream for me,
and it seems to me that, if I call him, I'll have to wake up before my time.
You are too good, Ran.
Can't you see that you have your opponent on the ropes
and with the white flag raised?!
What are you waiting for to give him a last push and win the fight, dammit!
Who... what match do you call? Look, I know what to do!
I'll do a headbutt and I'll tell Heiji that I like it!
What?
You'll have to be brave and check if your dream is real or not!
What?
Do we agree?! What?!
Hey, girls!
Can you tell me what you're wearing on your heads, so much chatter?!
We're reenacting a crime scene here!
And here we're making a plan, okay?!
So please don't interrupt us anymore!
What?!
Tell me yes, come on!
Promise me or what?!
Ah... yes.
(Think) "Very well! I plan to make him open his eyes, in this enchanted!"
"I've promised the Ran! Heiji, you can get ready now!"
(Think) "How scary! But what's wrong, why are you looking at me like that?"
Mr. Inspector... Mm?
You mean it makes sense, we keep replaying the scene?
I would say no.
The problem is not where we were at the time it all happened,
but how the hell did the killer do it to him
because that idiot Ikura took the poisoned cut
the two that were left, right?
If they don't solve it, no matter how much we repeat the scene, we are wasting our time.
That's not true.
No one is forcing us to do anything,
we are collaborating of our own free will.
Eh?

If this were not the case,
they would have had to have a court order before they could start
and should have taught us.
In this case, we would have had to swallow our pride....
and obey authority.
(Thinks) 'Have a warrant before you start'?
(Shinichi, thinks) " 'Swallow' pride..."
"S-sure!" "There was another way!"
Inspector... If you don't mind, we'll take the maid back.
(Conan voice) What?
(Conan's voice) And we'll also take the coroner outside for a moment!
What?!
Don't get angry, we'll explain it to you right away.
What a face they have, this pair of...
-What?
Have you found? -So much so.
Without a doubt, someone has covered the door handle with powdered poison.
And this was the Ikura's room, you say, right?
Yes, that's right.
What I don't understand is the poison on the door handle.
What happened is not that there was
a cut of poisoned baumkuchen on the tray.
The Ikura died because it already had the poison on its hands.
"Because it got caught in it when he grabbed the handle
to close the door when he left the room."
And, of course, you said yourself...
that Ikura always ate the candy with his hands.
"That's why it didn't matter what cut he took,
he'd end up swallowing the poison anyway."
I see what you mean.
The question now is to know who put the poison in the handle.
Excuse me, has poison also fallen on the floor?
Yes.
They are in the joints.
And there can't be an area that has no poison in it,
maybe about 10 centimeters?
Yes, you said so.
There is a space that is clean and that makes more or less this size.
But how did you know, you this? (Shinichi, thinks) "Prize!"
"So it won't cost us too much to find....
(He thinks) "...what has put the poison in the handle!"
Excuse me!
What do you want to examine the slippers?!
May I know which fly has bitten you?
We are in full interrogation, man! Come on, don't be square-headed.
I'm asking you because it's important.
We'll also need yours and those of the agents.
And those who are still outside waiting their turn, of course.
Do you mind putting the shoes you're wearing
inside the bag with your name on it?
Ahem.
Moving on.
Can you think of anyone who might have a score to settle
with Mr. Wakamatsu or his son?
No, not really.
Look, the son was something,
but I'd say everyone liked the president.
He just liked the job so much that he forgot about the family.
He had already divorced two cops.
Ostres!
Twice divorced?
Well, maybe you can tell us if there is someone he was especially fond of.
As you say?
Someone who had a special affection for you?
Yes.
All information adds up.
Man, this is the case of Shiina, and so much.
They were friends, you can tell they knew each other before they founded the company.
That's right.
I'd known him for years, we'd gone to college together.
He even gave me a bronze fountain pen,
when I had been working with him in the company for 30 years.
You mean the pen he gave to Mrs. Wakamatsu earlier?
That's right.
He had given the other workers a bronze watch as a gift,
but to me a pen.
By the way..,
do you know if there is anyone who might think even more highly of you?
Perhaps the secretary, Mrs. Satake.
In fact, they got along so well...
that there were jealousy problems with his previous wife.
She was his secretary, it's only natural that he had a close relationship.
I don't understand what this has to do with the case, though.
Well, it's just that we are assessing whether he was a well-liked man.
Well, I would say that the one who loved her the most was the maid.
Years ago, her mother was the family maid.
She was a single mother.
She got sick and died, and she was homeless.
Luckily, the president took her in,
took her in, cared for her and later took her on as a maid.
Yes, I will always be eternally grateful to him for what he did.
He even paid for my studies.
But the one who was most appreciated of all, I would say, was Mr. Fujinami.
You have already seen that he is very foul-mouthed
and this has caused her to be fired from many companies,
but it is seen that the president sensed the talent that had

and that's why he hired him.
"At the funeral of Mr. Wakamatsu
he was also the one who cried the most of all."
Wow!
Wow, how interesting... Eh?
Hey, lady!
Come on, we know he's here.
There's only your slippers left to check.
And it turns out we've examined everyone else's.
and we haven't found any traces of poison in any of them.
But we know there are some that must have.
"Because when the murderer has put poison on the door handle.
"Of the Ikura's room,
there is also fallen on the slippers he was wearing."
"Pr it the floor of the door there was poison everywhere
except for an area of about 10 centimeters."
Exactly, and when we examine your slippers,
we'll know that you're the handle...
-Ma'am?
Ma'am! -It can't be!
And the cause of death is cyanide again.
I would put my hand in the fire.
But I'd say this woman committed suicide, wouldn't you?
Mm?
Yes, because when we left the room,
the one who closed the door was that inspector, wasn't it?
"And then Mrs. Wakamatsu was alive."
"Then she had two officers outside
"Until the young detective from Osaka and the nano
opened the door again, and then she was found dead."
She must have committed suicide;
it's the only explanation!
He's right.
If it were a homicide, it would be in a locked room.
And, therefore, it is impossible to commit.
Th-that's also true.
Man, it's not entirely impossible.
Eh?
If you'll notice, there's a lot of stuff on the table...
that could explain it.
"The tea that Miss Yonehara, the maid, brought you..,
she hasn't finished it."
"The fountain pen of Mr. Shiina, the managing director,
was left uncapped and with the tip out."
"The contracts I was to sign for the secretary, Mrs. Satake, have been left behind,
Mrs. Satake, have been left half-finished."
"And the eye drops given to her by the chief designer.
"Mr. Fujinami,
he took them out of the box and used some."
Isn't that suspicious, all of it?
Put another way, using what's on the table,
anyone could have murdered Mrs. Wakamatsu,
without needing to be in the room.
And I would add one more element:
the dictionary on the floor next to the lady,
and the case it was in.
I see that it is open by the section of words beginning with "wa".
Given the situation, it is most likely that I have touched the poison?
while looking up a word in the dictionary.
For example, you may have seen some ideogram that you didn't know...
and had to look it up.
In this case, the most suspicious are the contracts...
that he had to sign and seal
and the instructions for the eye drops she was putting in.
Exactly, probably the killer...
was aware that the text was full of complicated words and ideograms,
and he poisoned the dictionary
because he would touch it when he picked it up for looking them up.
Hey, hey, don't get it wrong!
I don't think there is any ideogram she couldn't read.
She was an expert in language, she had all the diplomas.
And besides, I'd appreciate it if we weren't blamed for anything...
until we read the sealed letter entrusted to me by the lady.
What letter?
One that she wrote and gave to me by hand.
She asked me personally to hand it over to the police
if nothing ever happened to her.
(Shinichi voice) "The letter was in the safe in the house."
"The envelope contained a confession from Mrs. Wakamatsu."
"It said there, at the Karuizawa villa.
"When she learned that her husband had been stabbed and ran to the bathroom,
"she actually found the Ikura full of blood,
"with a knife and hidden behind the door,
and that she decided to cover it up instantly."
"All written in his own handwriting."
"It is seen that she protected him because she knew that the Ikura smelt
that she was the one embezzling the company's money."
"That's why she made the Ikura embrace the body.
"to disguise the blood that had splashed on him,
"And before the police arrived she hid the gun,
"Which he then made disappear,
because it looked like a stranger had entered the house."
"It was also she who hid the message
"Taking advantage of the optical illusion of the tiles,

"But she lived in fear that someday Ikura would silence her forever,
because only she knew the truth."
"If that happened, I wanted the tiles with the message to be
"If that happened, I wanted the tiles with the message to be handed over to the police so that the truth would be known."
"And with this last sentence, she put an end to the letter."
And who knew of the existence of this letter?
Do you know if you were the only one to whom he had spoken?
I think so.
Although Mrs. Wakamatsu opened the safe every night to check that the letter was still in the safe.
to check that the letter was still in its place,
so maybe there were those who already suspected it.
Ah... Actually, I did think so, that the lady was hiding something.
"One day I went into the living room to clean up
and I found her in front of the safe."
"She called me to knock on the door before coming in."
She was very angry.
But I'd say the rest of them would have noticed, too.
Because Mrs. Wakamatsu often invited the company's workers over to her house to talk about
often to the house to talk about work issues.
In short, you all might have had a vague idea...
of the existence of this envelope.
Inspector!
We found poison in the vice-president's slippers.
What are you saying?!
Everything points to the fact that whoever put the powdered poison
on the door handle of the Ikura was her.
"It turns out that the planks in front of the door have also been left,
"But there's an area with nothing on it
that matches the width of the slipper."
-Yes, it all fits.
The vice-president has not endured the fear that one day she would be killed
and preferred to act before the Ikura did.
No... I can't believe it! The truth is that it makes sense, yes.
It's very difficult that they could change the slippers she was wearing
for these ones with the powdered poison in them.
Ah!
And we've also found poison in the monolingual dictionary
that was on the floor, next to the corpse.
"There was only in the lower left corner of the book,
"where the volume opens,
"But at the bottom of the book's cover there was a little bag attached
which contained the same substance and which was slightly torn."
It may be that someone had casually stashed it there,
but the point is that at some point the bag was opened,
and the poison ended up on that end of the dictionary.
Seen in this light, therefore,
it's possible that the person who hid it there was herself.
Ben possible.
After having poisoned the Ikura,
it is very likely that she hid it there because,
even though it was not her biological child, she loved it as such.
She must have been overwhelmed with guilt afterwards
and then decided to put an end to her own life
by ingesting the poison voluntarily.
Perhaps that is why she did not want to participate in the reconstruction of the crime scene.
in the reconstruction of the crime scene.
Yes, she must have wanted to be alone because she had already decided to commit suicide.
The objects she had on the table were not found?
No, they didn't.
There was no poison, no.
And neither the contracts nor the instructions of the drops
there was no particularly complex ideogram.
And who the hell was it that made me go to the president's Osaka house
to show me that little number
because I realized the trick of the rhombus optical illusion?
I imagine it was Mrs. Wakamatsu,
who wanted to test you.
She must have thought that if not even you,
a detective that the president valued so highly, didn't give yourself away,
no one would ever find out.
But, of course, the poor thing couldn't even imagine...
that you would be accompanied by a detective as brilliant as me.
How curious that I decided to commit a murder
in the face of such a brilliant detective, isn't it!
What about me?
Look, maybe he already had everything ready and he couldn't back out!
I don't care, to tell you the truth.
But if she was the murderer, we can leave the field, right?
Yes, the last train will soon pass.
I want to go back and explain everything to my wife.
I... I can stay here as long as it takes!
It's just... we need more details
about the victim's behavior before he died.
I have to ask you to stay a little longer.
("Overwrite", BREAKERZ)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.

Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
So much talk about "baumkuchen", I've been craving for shrimp croquettes!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh, right!"
(He thinks) "He's done it an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth!"
And since the killer did it
because the idiot Ikura took the poisoned cut and not the other one?!
Very well, let's do the test, come on.
And think that he is very hungry, just like the Ikura!
Oh, mother, how much nonsense...
No, it can't be!
"Don't miss the next episode:
"The design of poison and illusion (Illusion)."

