(Dog: borda)
Hey, Kudo.
Do you also think that the murderer is the vice president?
Yes.
In fact, I was convinced,
until we entered the office and found her dead, of course.
We are the same way.
But a person who plans to commit suicide
doesn't ask for a tea to be made for her and doesn't put drops in her eyes;
it doesn't make sense.
Besides, it's not normal for her to have left contracts to sign...
and the uncapped fountain pen.
You are right.
You'd think that, while she was signing the contracts,
some kind of ghost entered the office...
that has gone unnoticed by everyone
and that has poisoned and murdered this woman.
Exactly.
Exactly as it says in the letter that was sent to you:
it was a distorted being,
someone who is impossible to see face to face.
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Don't be fooled by appearances."
"The murderer has used a trick. But what?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The design of poison and illusion (Illusion)."
(Heiji) But I just don't understand.
Before us, no one has entered the studio.
Yes, they could have made a call to her
to tell her something and manipulate her, but...
The suspects were with the police.
It couldn't have been any of them.
And we've got the sneakers with traces of poison on them.
If they were trying to pin it on Mrs. Wakamatsu,
they must have switched them somewhere.
Yes, but it was impossible to do that without being suspicious.
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
Hm?
What?!
And these slippers? What?
They're Kazuha's.
There are others inside the sink.
It's not so strange, is it?
(Thinking) "Sure! The washbasin!" "She could have changed them here!"
But what's wrong?
Should he start chatting at the door of the toilet?
Kazuha, didn't you go to the toilet when we got here?
Did you?
Yes, I did.
And when you came back to the living room,
didn't you tell us that there was a line to go to the bathroom.
and you had to wait a long time?
Yes.
Why did you ask? It's just that I had to go too, and...
And maybe it was Mrs. Wakamatsu too?
No way.
In fact, the one who went to the bathroom before us was Ikura.
"And then he went to the living room right away."
And because he heard Mr. Shiina's voice,
he asked us if we knew if he had bought a "baumkuchen".
-Are you serious?! - Mm-hm.
He looked happy.
And he had a handkerchief in his hand.
"So, the poison that was on his door handle..."
"It was to mislead!"
"All the more reason! We're missing something!"
"How did he do it so that the Ikura would justly take the poisoned cut?"
"We know there were then two, of cuts, on the tray!"
"And on top of that they were exactly the same size and had the same shape."
(Guts: they snore)
I know it's not a very good time, but aren't you hungry?
A little bit!
So much talk about "baumkuchen", I've been craving for shrimp croquettes!
Eh?
Why shrimp croquettes?
Because they have similar shapes!
Both are curved!
"Ah. Of course!"
"He's done it an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth!"
So, to kill Mrs. Wakamatsu....
Yes, he must have used a similar method.
Ep, wait a minute!
Whoever understands them...
I don't know what they're doing, now, if the father has said that the case is already solved.
No, it's not closed yet.
When Heiji is wearing the visor of his cap forward,
he's still investigating.
Oh, is that so?
I didn't know that! Believe me!

And when he puts it back, he has it figured out and disconnects.
And that's when I'll go on the attack!
Aah!
(Heiji) Look at that...
And you say that Mrs. Wakamatsu
has been looking at the designs of these fountains before she died?
That's right.
There must have been about fifty of them.
She was with her employees choosing the best one.
Well, and from here on I'm not telling you anything that's new,
"But we know that, as they looked at them,
"The vice-president has touched her eyes as if she was tired,
and that's why Mr. Fujinami gave her the drops."
"If I remember correctly,
then the maid brought the tea that she had made again."
"And next we have come to look for them to recreate the scene of the crime."
"However,
"As that Mrs. Wakamatsu had not approached the baumkuchen ',
"In the end she stayed in the office,
"And the Satake asked her to sign some contracts while she was waiting,
which is also when Mr. Shiina left him the bronze pen."
I would say the facts went like this.
The pen is bronze?
Yes.
It's a gift from the president to celebrate 30 years with the company.
I would say that the other employees
the president gave them a watch, also made of bronze.
"In fact, in the interrogation we have seen that Mr. Fujinami....
"And Mrs. Satake wore one just like it,"
so I guess it was that one, the gift.
Come on, that's enough for today!
We'll resume the investigation tomorrow!
Ah, you experts!
Is what I've told you enough?
Yes, it is.
We're doing very well!
"Now I know who the murderer is and what trick he used."
"But we don't have any proof!"
Anyway, tomorrow we'll need you to explain again in detail...
what happened.
Okay, that's it.
Finally, that's it.
My throat is dry.
Of course, you haven't even touched your tea, have you?
You prefer bottled tea, then?
I bought some before with the sauce.
There can't be any poison in a closed bottle.
What?!
It's already this time?!
It's past one o'clock!
Oh, my gosh!
I missed the train.
Don't worry, you can always come with us.
Maybe Fujinami can give you a ride.
Yes, but don't you live in the opposite direction?
As a matter of fact we do.
Well, if you want you can stay overnight in my apartment.
I live quite close.
-You can... -Come on, man.
It's about time, you finally show your face.
Yes.
I've been looking forward to seeing this distorted being
that we humans have created and that proves it exists.
(Fujinami) Come on!
He's not lifting our shirt, is he?
Did he really find out who killed that idiot guy?
So much so.
And also the trick he used
to get him to take the poisoned baumkuchen cut.
Wait a minute!
But didn't the vice-president do that?
Yes, she did, didn't she?
She did it by putting poison on the handle of the door of her room,
so that when the Ikura took the cut and ate it,
he already had it in his hand, the poison;
wasn't it?
In addition, we were also told earlier...
that they found traces of poison on the slippers he was wearing, right?
And also, they didn't say that the poison fell on her...
when you were putting it on the door handle?
-No, it was all fake. -Co-as fake?
It was a lie.
The culprit had set it up so he could pin the blame on her
and close the case by making it look like she committed suicide.
Mrs. Wakamatsu didn't commit suicide?
It's another murder?
That's right.
And it's also the work of the same killer.
I don't know.
If you don't prove it to me...
Ikura, just before coming to eat the "baumkuchen"...
he went to the toilet and washed his hands.
And no matter how much poison there was in the door handle,
it would have gone away with water;
wouldn't he?
Ah.
Yes.
We saw how he dried his hands with the handkerchief.
Very nice!
But that doesn't explain why the lady wore someone else's slippers!
In the washroom.
Surely she must have changed them at some point when she went to the washroom.
"We leave our slippers out when we go to the toilet,
and so it's easy to change them for others."
And since the murderer did it
because the idiot Ikura took the poisoned cut and not the other one ?!

If in the end it turns out that the poison was not in his hand from the beginning,
what else could he have done?
It is very easy!
Eh?
You know that the Ikura was gluttonous.
It was positioned in such a way that it would take it for sure.
And even more so if he was hungry.
Donkey!
Didn't we tell you that the "baumkuchen" was cut in 8 equal parts?!
They were all exactly the same size!
So much is like the colloquies, that nothing will change!
Okay, so we do the test.
Agafi'n one, come on.
We have left two cuts on the tray the way the killer has done it.
And think that he is very hungry, just like the Ikura!
Oh, mother, what a lot of nonsense...
Hm...?
No.
It can't be!
No, it's impossible!
You can clearly see that the cut at the back is bigger than the one at the front!
What's that?
He's right!
Seen like this, there is no doubt...
that if someone is very hungry, he would take the cut that is farther away.
Didn't you just tell us that the two cuts are the same size?!
And they will be.
Because we have allowed ourselves the luxury of taking the same ones
that have been used before during the research.
What?!
And you expect me to believe that?!
I'll pile them up and you'll see how a....
Eh ?!
Th-they're exactly the same ?!
Now I really don't understand anything!
It's the Jastrow illusion.
When you compare the size of things,
you see that we always end up comparing
the length of the parts that are closer together.
That's why, when you put two things that are fan-shaped together,
like the "baumkuchen" cuts,
you compare the long side of the pair with the short side of the other,
and it's inevitable that one looks bigger to you even though it's not.
Did I explain it well, Heiji? Yes.
It's an optical illusion
discovered by a psychologist named Jastrow more than 100 years ago.
How interesting.
So the culprit has made the Ikura take the poisoned cut.
making it look fatter than the other one.
The catch is that this method could have been used by those who cut the
those who cut the "baumkuchen" and put it on the plates,
Ms. Yonehara and Ms. Satake.
But also the two who were standing near the tray where the cuts were, Mr. Fuju
where the cuts were, Mr. Fujinami and Mr. Shiina.
All in all, the four of them could have done it at some point.
Yes, they could have,
but Mrs. Wakamatsu could only have been poisoned by one person.
What do you say we go for a moment to the office where he was killed?
Hm?
What do you think I'm doing?
I thought we were supposed to solve the case.
Why the hell are you showing me all this now?
And above all look enjoy, there are 50 of them.
Before dying, the vice president has looked at the screen with you, right?
Yes.
Aaah...
Oops, what's wrong with him?
He's tired?
Of course he is!
Anyone would be after seeing so many pictures!
So,
who knows how to write the "waka" of "Wakamatsu"?
What?
It's an easy ideogram.
Eh?
Eh... oops...
Let's see...
Yes, it was... No copying!
Eh?
I don't think she knew how to use this computer.
I don't think she could open the file.
Ep, Takagi!
What was the bottom part of the "waka" ideogram like?
But it's the same one!
The same "waka" that you have seen 50 times!
And that's precisely why.
It's the phenomenon of Gestaltzerfall.
-Ge... Gestaltzerfall, you say? -That's right.
Hasn't it ever happened to you,
you see a cloud or spots on a wall and they look like a face to you?
Well, that's because some neurons in your brain
react and identify it as a face.
And with ideograms,
neurons work in a similar way as with faces.
You see that if you look at the same ideogram many times,
the neurons get tired and their functionality decreases.
In other words,
the phenomenon of Gestaltzerfall causes us to doubt the shape of an ideogram
even if we have known it all our lives.
That's why he has done it!
The murderer has shown him the name of the Wakodo brand many times
and, when the Gestaltzerfall occurred,
that's when he asked him to sign the contracts!
Because Wakamatsu has the same ideogram as Wakodo!
Then, as he did not remember how to write "waka",
he went to get the dictionary from the shelf,
touched the pages of "wa", which were poisoned,
and that's how he finally ingested the poison.
Yes.

"Waka" is a frequent and easily confused ideogram.
"And Mrs. Wakamatsu had the habit of sucking her thumb to turn the leaves.
of sucking her thumb to turn the leaves.
This means that whoever has engineered the murders?
Yes.
It's the person who has been teaching him the ideogram
and who has given you the contracts.
Mrs. Satake!
You are the only one who could have committed this murder!
-Really you, Satake...?!?! - I-I can't believe it.
But-but...
This is all just supposition on their part, they can't prove it.
Besides, the Ikura was hungry...
because we just happened to be out of sauce.
I don't think it was a coincidence.
When Mrs. Wakamatsu first asked him
Wakamatsu asked him to make tea at first,
she asked him what brand he wanted her to make.
If she said that, it's because she knows exactly what's in the kitchen and where everything is.
and where everything is.
And therefore, it shouldn't have taken her long to make the sauce disappear.
Besides, being the secretary, she knew very well when we would come,
and also that the Ikura would catch his appetite
or less in that time slot.
"Mr. Shiina always buys a 'baumkuchen',
this was also predictable."
"And knowing the number of guests, I knew we could make 8 pieces."
True, it was she, who proposed to make 8?
With 6 or 7, it would have cost more to make them exactly the same.
"While she was pretending to place the cuts on the plates,
she took the opportunity to put the poison in one of the two remaining ones."
And then, when he put it on the crank and the slippers, the poison?
I suspect before we arrived.
Because when we came, she was already in the house, and in fact it was the office,
probably getting everything ready to murder Mrs. Wakamatsu.
B-Well, but the one who suggested that the vice-president stay in the office
because she looked tired was me.
Yes, but if you hadn't said so, she would have done it herself.
There is no more secret, that's all.
And then...
If it wasn't like that,
they would have had to have a court order before they started,
and you would have had to show us.
Then we would have had to swallow our pride and obey authority.
That's just what he said to lead us
to the Ikura's room handle clue
and throw us off the scent, right?
And I deduce that the one who made me go to the house of Osaka
to get me interested in optical illusions and to get me to come here
was also you.
"It is evident that this distorted being created by humans
and that it is impossible to see face on is just that, optical illusions."
And for the trick to work, he had to give a false clue.
So, like the pair who hid the assassination of the president...
by means of optical illusions,
he wanted to assassinate them by paying them with the same coin.
I recognize that as a plot for a novel it is excellent, yes,
but all this is conjectural evidence, nothing more.
It has no evidence to incriminate me.
Oh, how strange.
Mrs. Satake, your watch is kind of smudged;
some parts are brighter than others.
-I don't know what you've got. There's the definitive proof.
Probably when you have put the powdered poison in the dictionary,
"It must have fallen on the wrist, since he had the volume in his left hand."
"At that instant,
the cyanide entered the corners of the bronze watch."
And then, when he wanted to go to the sink to wash his hands, the watch got wet,
the watch got wet,
a chemical reaction took place and that's why it was so shiny.
I imagine that he noticed it before,
the moment he said he would miss the last train.
Yes, that the last train will soon pass.
"Because that's when he looked at the clock."
And that's why he picked up the bottle in such a strange way.
Eh ?!
"If he had done like Mr. Fujinami,
"who changed the bottle in his hand to look at the time, I would understand,
but you don't hold the bottle and the stopper in the same hand."
I get it.
It is from here that you noticed that he only used his right hand.
And if I raised my left hand
my sleeve would have come down and my watch would have been visible.
You see, how ironic.
It must have been the father's watch that gave me away.
Pa-father?!

Don't fuck that you're the president's daughter!
Yes.
I'm the daughter he had in his first marriage.
Actually, I wanted to ruin the company of the man...
who abandoned my mother.
"But I quickly realized that he was just an unhappy man,
"obsessed with work,
who didn't know how to express what he felt, and I began to pity him."
He knew who I was from the very first moment
and, in fact, that day, in Karuizawa,
my father pretended to announce publicly that I was his daughter.
What a ?
Yes, I felt him commenting on it, too.
"Just before I could say it, because of that, the Ikura killed the father
and the vice president in hid the evidence."
What I don't know is why the Ikura killed him,
but I guess he must have hated it, as I had done before I knew him well.
So, you must have read the sealed letter, right?
Yes.
Although after I did, the vice president didn't tell me anything,
so I don't rule out that she entrusted it to me precisely because she wanted me to assassinate the Ik...
because she wanted me to kill the Ikura.
At least now I see that I was wrong to make you come.
I wanted to deceive you with false leads,
but I see that you've always been on top of it.
Well, no... Not you;
I should say you.
Anyway, I guess this is the danger of using optical illusions:
you can always find someone who knows them too,
and this one you don't mess with.
"I can't deny you can speak well."
Ah!
Look, in Hattori has put the visor back!
Now it's you, come on!
No.
I don't know, maybe it's better to let it go today.
With all he's been through, he must be very tired.
Eh ?!
What?! I'll take Conan for a moment.
"Lots of encouragement, Kazuha!"
Hmm...
But, Ran, what's wrong...?
What's taking her?
He hadn't finished speaking yet, and he takes it right off the bat.
-Don't you see or what? -Huh?
She did it because she's a friend of mine, and she wanted to leave us alone.
What?
I suppose that in Kudo she has already told you,
but it seems that in London she told Ran that she loves him.
Eh?
Well, and I know she doesn't want to say anything, eh..., b-but....
but I'm the same way...
because it's been a long time
that... that I like you soooo much !!!!
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
Eh ?!
Heiji?!
But where did you go?!
Yeah... if you look at Hattori, he ran off while you were talking.
-At what point?! - When you were saying "I know it doesn't mean anything".
(Kazuha) What?!
Let's see, Kudo.
Don't pretend, come on.
You don't have to explain anything to your soulmate?
Eh?
Come on, come on, talk! I don't know what you mean.
They are friends, these two.
Quina envy that makes me, Conan.
Come on, don't hide it from me! I'm not hiding anything from you, damn it.
The Ai Haibara?
you mean that short girl with short hair...
who looks so peaceful and who lives in the doctor's house?
-Have you talked to her? -No.
I've only seen for a moment
the video that Dr.
Agasa posted a few days ago on the internet.
It is very strange.
I wasn't supposed to be in that video at all.
"No way!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The doctor's video (part one)'."

