"I'm very proud to own this vase."
"Who wants to come value it at my house?"
Wow!
At last I see Dr. Agasa!
Eh?
"If you want to do that, please contact me."
Oh!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"What if the Organization has broken into Dr. Agasa's house
to kidnap the Ayumi?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The doctor's video (part one)."
Oh!
This curry makes a very good face, girls.
Yes.
We've made a lot because in Genta you can repeat as much as you want.
Very good thinking.
Now let's cover it up and let it go lickety-split.
Just hold on a second.
Before he plugs it, I'd like to try a little.
I don't trust someone who says he wants to try it and has a plate full of rice.
-It's not right. We'll have to wait a bit.
What a remedy, no?
What, how, the research, Conan?
Have you already clarified how much it's worth?
No.
The only thing I know is that it looks very old,
but I can't tell what era it's from or who made it.
But before Genta and Mitsuhiko come back from the supermarket,
I'll have figured it out.
I want curry for lunch, I want curry for snacks...
and, of course, for dinner.
-Hey, Genta. -What?
I know Dr. Agasa was paying, but you mean we didn't overdo it?
He only asked us to buy some drinks.
But anyway, I also bought chocolates and popcorn from Yaiba.
Also, at Conan he asked me to buy a soccer magazine.
And I also bought that yogurt that you like so much.
That's great!
Thank you (Masumi) Hey, listen.
Do you know Dr. Agasa, who lives here?
Yes.
Ah... (Masumi)
You're the one who was with Ran the other day, right?
Ah, yes.
I see you're a girl after all.
Yes, and I call myself Masumi Sera.
Well, that's strange.
That's strange, because you don't have breasts.
That's true.
It's not so strange.
They'll start coming out soon, man.
By the way, thanks for what you guys did the other day.
You guys helping to solve the kidnapping case
to the Mouri detective agency.
I was one of the hostages there.
Yes?
What are you saying now?
It's true: lucky the Junior Detective League helped you.
That's right.
And so did Shinichi Kudo.
Yes, this should be recognized.
The doctor told us that a young detective that he knew
intervened by chance and solved the case.
Oops!
I wasn't going to say it.
The Ai told us this should be a secret.
The Ai Haibara?
You mean that short, short-haired girl with short hair
who looks so peaceful and who lives in the doctor's house?
-Man, she's not peaceful at all.
Y-You've talked to her?
No, I haven't.
I saw her for a moment in the video
that Dr. Agasa posted a few days ago on the Internet.
It's a video where he explains that, one day, while cleaning his house,
he found a vase that is perhaps very valuable
and asks if someone wants to value it.
Eh?
But why does he have to keep it a secret, the Kudo thing?
The house next door is his, isn't it?
I don't know, in fact, the house always looks empty,
but it looks like he came by that day to get something
and, by the way, he stopped by to see the doctor.
But maybe there is someone, in there, still.
A moment ago I saw the curtains move.
-Ah, it was probably... It must be in Subaru.
Who is it, in Subaru?
It's one that was left without an apartment so that it burned down,
and it seems to me that he lives here.
Ah.
I thought that maybe someone had occupied the house without permission,

but I'm too suspicious, I see.
-How good it smells! -Can we start now?
-Not yet. We have to wait half an hour.
Oh!
Why can't we eat, though?
Half an hour is a long time.
But sometimes there is food, before.
How do you say, what is done before the first course?
Gee, Genta!
Don't you know it's called "appetizer"?
Eh, I know: first you give us an appetizer of curry...
and then you'll give us the first course of curry.
No, sir.
Genta, you and the doctor are gluttons.
Ouch!
I can't stand it.
What will I do in the meantime?
What are you doing, Conan?
I'm looking for information about this vase
that the doctor found when he was cleaning,
but it seems to me that to value it
we'd better ask for help from an expert.
Ah.
Is this the vase that the doctor showed in the video?
Yes, this is it.
Doctor, who did you buy it from?
Try to remember.
I just remember that I bought it at an antique market years ago.
I bought it along with the rug where you are now.
What is it?
You mean this very old carpet?
Yes.
I put it here because I bought them both together.
Ouch!
What are you doing, Genta?!
Don't you know that you can't play soccer inside the house?
If I can't eat, I have to find a way to distract myself.
Uàààààààààààààà!
(Cheek)
Oh... I... I beg your pardon.
Say it again.
I'm... I'm so sorry.
I didn't have to do it.
Okay, come on, that's enough.
Let's leave it alone.
I don't want to leave it alone.
Because of you, we have to go back and buy all the ingredients
to make the food.
I told you we'd go ourselves, to the supermarket.
Stay home, if you want.
I don't want you to go shopping alone, because I'll buy unnecessary things.
I agree.
See you now!
I'm going to the butcher's and then I'll come to the supermarket.
All right, I'll see you at the supermarket.
Hey, Haibara, you mean you couldn't forgive in Genta, already?
Girl, you're worse than my mother.
I'm sorry, but you won't be able to repeat the curry today, Genta.
What? Don't say that.
Don't say that.
Come on, forgive me, please.
-No vull. -Come on, come on.
(Humming)
(Agasa) Ayumi, don't forget to put the laundry in hand.
No.
- (doorbell rings) -Huh?
Ah!
It's Ay's clothes!
Ha-ha-ha!
It smells just like her!
Doctor, I've already showered.
Oh!
What are you saying?
The Ai is in a video that's posted on the internet?
I can't believe it.
Well, it's true.
It looks like he's in that video that the doctor uploaded
to ask for the vase to be valued.
Masumi Sera told us this morning.
Ah, yes?
The Masumi?
And where did you see her, Masumi? It was in front of Cal doctor.
We found it on our way back from the supermarket.
It's very strange.
I wasn't supposed to be in that video at all.
Ask the doctor how it could have happened.
I'm already trucant.
And what?
What does he say?
He doesn't get it.
Hey, Conan!
(thinks) "It can't be. It can't be."
"It can't be."
Doctor!
Ayumi!
Is she all right?
Hey! Hey, doctor!
Hey, doctor!
Wake up, please.
Doctor, are you all right?
What happened to you?
They... called, and when I went to open the door..,
they attacked me... with a stun gun.
A stun gun?
Maybe they wanted to steal the vase the doctor showed you on the internet.
No, the vase is still there.
The coffee has fallen to the ground,
and it looks like something rubbed off afterwards.
Oh!
It's terrible!
-Ayumi has disappeared from the house! -What?
That old carpet is gone too.
The coffee stains are the place where the carpet was.
So, they had already taken it out, when it fell to the ground.
This means that the Ayumi has been attacked,
they have made it fall on top of the coffee stains
and they have immobilized it by force.
They probably then wrapped her up with the carpet to take her away.
What?
And why, with the carpet?
Because if they had taken her out in a sack, it would have looked suspicious.
Instead, by taking it wrapped inside the carpet,
they could pass themselves off as movers.

-But why would they have kidnapped him?
Maybe they did it simply because they found it here.
Doctor, can we see the video with the vase that you posted on the internet?
Yes.
"I am very proud to be the owner of this vase."
"Who wants to come and value it at my house?"
Only the doctor is in this video.
Wait a minute.
At the glasses you see a reflection.
Oh!
Maybe they really wanted to kidnap you
and they have taken the Ayumi by mistake.
(Agasa) Do you think this has happened,
that the kidnappers wanted the Ay
but they made a mistake and took the Ayumi?
Yes, I think it is most likely.
The kidnappers must have seen these images on the internet
and they must have guessed that the Ai lived in this house,
and then they came here to take her away.
"They were probably spying,
and waited for the four of us to leave to go to the supermarket,"
then they stunned her with the stun gun,
they took the Ayumi and took her away wrapped with the carpet.
Do you think the kidnappers were spying on this house?
Yes.
But if it's true that they were spying,
they must have seen that the Ai went out with us and was no longer here.
The Ai was wearing a cap with her hair pulled back,
and they must have taken her for a child.
The kidnappers must have thought she was in the house.
There is one other thing:
Ayumi took a shower and I told her to put on the same clothes she was wearing when she was done,
to put on the same clothes that Ay was wearing in that video.
If she has put on the hood of the jacket,
it's easier for her to be mistaken for Ay.
Oh, no!
It's my fault!
If I hadn't played ball,
the curry wouldn't have spilled and we wouldn't have had to go shopping.
-Not true, that, Genta. -Huh?
It's my fault.
If it wasn't for my messed up situation,
all this wouldn't have happened.
You're wrong.
It's not your fault.
(Flow) If it had been those, they wouldn't have mistaken the Ayumi for you.
But it's just that...
Remember what happened and think a little, Ay.
Now we're looking at an image of you on the doctor's computer.
If this had been the work of the Men in Black,
they would have killed the doctor
and set up an ambush for you when you came back.
Then they would have erased the data from the computer,
and then they would have burned down the house
and they would have erased any trace of your presence here.
Yeah, but what if it was a trap?
Since they didn't find me, who was the one they were looking for,
they wanted to make it look like they were kidnappers
and they have taken Ayumi to make me go out and make me act desperately.
Or it could also be that they wanted to kidnap her
to get all the information she might have about me.
If they wanted that, they would have kidnapped Dr. Agasa.
"Besides, I don't think they would risk kidnapping anyone."
"They investigate and make plans in secret,
and then they erase their trail without anyone noticing anything."
"What happened doesn't fit with their way of acting."
Hey, that's enough!
May I know what you two are protesting?
No, nothing.
And couldn't we locate the Ayumi using your superullers?
The Ayumi always carries
the Detective League transmitter pin.
No.
I just checked and saw that the pin was in the house.
It was probably left with the dirty clothes he left in his hand.
-Well, it's all the same, we call the police.
(Mobile)
What is this? A cell phone that rings, right?
Ah!
The noise comes from inside the vase!
(Mobile)
-Oh! It's Ayumi's cell phone!
"Read the message and follow the instructions".
"A message has been received."
It's coming from the doctor's cell phone.
Oh!
What are you saying now?
This means it's been stolen from me.
(Think) "Let's see the instructions."
"Look for this cat. It must be around here somewhere.
Send a message when you have found it.
We'll only let the girl go free in exchange for the cat.
If you notify the police, we will kill the girl."
What is the meaning of this?
It can't be that they kidnapped the Ayumi just for a lost cat.
It is very strange.
But it doesn't matter.
What we have to do now is to find this cat,
because, if not, the Ayumi is in great danger.
I forward you the photo of this cat so that we all have it
and we divide ourselves to look for it.
We all agree!

(Shinichi voice) That gatot is nowhere to be found.
They haven't said anything, the kidnappers? Not yet.
Since the photo doesn't show the size of the cat,
I asked them how fat it was.
I even repeated several times.
I don't understand why they don't answer.
I don't want to think that they have had enough and have decided to get rid of....
Street!
Can't you see that it's impossible for people who kidnap a child
in exchange for a cat would give up so easily?
(Mobile: message tone)
The message comes from your phone.
It was sent by the kidnappers.
What-what does it say? What?
What does it say?
I don't believe it.
"Yes. Isn't she looking for the cat on Chome Street?"
Yes, that's right.
"Well, listen to what the message says:"
"We already have the cat.
We will leave the girl under the cover of the waste
of the building at 3 Chome Street."
What?
Ayumi!
-Ayumi! -I don't see her anywhere.
Maybe...
-Ayumi!
You're here! -Ayumi!
Oh!
At last!
It's all over now.
Oh, I'm so glad you found Ayumi safe and sound.
-You're all right all over, aren't you? -Yes, I'm fine.
And we got everything back,
because my cell phone was inside the carpet, with the Ayumi.
The carpet is a little bit dirty underneath.
but, on the other hand, there's no coffee stain.
-What a bar these people have! -Yes.
First they ask us to look for a cat they've lost,
and then, when they find it, they leave the Ayumi next to the waste.
I heard they said it was a very important cat.
What?
Did you hear them?
Yes, they had a strange voice: it was very high-pitched and ridiculous.
(Conan voice) I'm sure they used helium gas to disguise the voice.
Go on, say: what else did they say, the kidnappers?
I don't know, they seemed to be in a hurry.
They said that the cat belonged to its owner
and that if they didn't find it, they would be in trouble.
Do you think this cat belonged to a very rich person?
I have no idea.
It seems that the cat had escaped near here
and they thought the doctor had picked it up and fed it.
One called the other that, if the doctor had the cat,
there would be a dish of food and a box of litter in the house,
and they weren't there.
Ah!
This means that there were two kidnappers.
Yes, I think there were two of them.
Besides having a strange voice, they were wearing balaclavas.
-There were two of them, and they were masked? -I'm sure they were supervillains.
Well, they took me out of the carpet for a while
and let me drink some water.
And then, when they wrapped me up again,
they immediately asked me if I could breathe properly.
They also told me that they had to wrap me up in the carpet...
because the only thing they were carrying was a suitcase to transport the cat.
In short: the people in charge of taking care of the cat of a very rich person....
let it escape and are afraid of being scolded.
Then, to try to get it back,
they kidnap a little girl who had nothing to do with all that.
And in the end, they find the cat themselves.
This doesn't make any sense.
Of course it doesn't!
They could have come and told us: "We have lost our master's cat.
If you have it, can we have it back, please?"
Yes, but I think I know why they didn't do that:
because we could have asked for a big reward to return it to him,
and its owner would have found out everything.
No, it seems to me that this case is not so simple.
Even if they had seen us when we were out shopping,
they couldn't be sure
that only the doctor and Ayumi were in the house.
I don't think they would dare to enter a house armed only with a stun gun.
with only a stun gun.
Besides, it didn't take us even half an hour to get back from the supermarket, did it?
"If it had been the first time
"That the kidnappers broke into the house,
"Do you think they would have had time to knock the doctor unconscious,
"Make sure the cat was gone and immobilize the Ayumi,"
wrap her with the carpet and take her away?
And, on top of that, they had time....
to find the doctor's cell phone and Ayumi's cell phone.
Oh!
Therefore, the kidnappers... Exactly: they had information.
They knew that only you and the doctor live in this house, Ay,

they knew that the other 4 of us only come here from time to time to play,
and they also knew that all of us have cell phones.
But where did they get it from, the information?
Doctor, has anyone entered this house, during the last few days?
Now that you mention it, yes, people have come: 3 couples.
3 couples?
Yes, and they all came because they had seen the video of the vase.
"The most likely
that the kidnappers are one of these couples."
"I'm going to find them no matter what."
("Overwrite," Breakerz)
Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
"A Russian blue cat?"
"I'm sure Ran's mom's was also a Russian blue cat."
We need to check out the cat and vase video website.
It's so funny, when the cats get inside the vases.
What?
I can't take a shower until we catch the kidnappers?
Yes, but don't worry, there's not much time left,
because right now we'll go get them all at your house.
Don't miss the next episode: "The doctor's video (part two)".

