(Shinichi voice) "Doing housekeeping at home,
Dr. Agasa found an antique vase."
"To look for someone who there could make an appraisal,
"The doctor posted a video on the Internet,
but little could we expect that it would create such a big problem for us."
"We went to the supermarket, and, when we returned,
"We found the doctor unconscious
"Because she had been attacked with a stun gun,
and we saw that Ayumi had been kidnapped."
"At first we thought they had wanted to steal the jar,
but it was still there."
"But the rug that the doctor had found with the vase was gone."
"They probably used it to wrap the Ayumi."
"Then we received a message from the kidnappers saying,
"If we found a cat like the one in the photo,
they would release the Ayumi."
"We split up to look for the cat, but we couldn't find it anywhere."
"When it was already getting dark,
the kidnappers sent us another message."
"They said they had already found the cat and would release the Ayumi."
"In the end we found the Ayumi,
but what did the kidnappers really want?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"What interests the kidnappers? The vase, the cat or the Ai?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The doctor's video (part two)."
In short: those in charge of taking care of a very rich person's cat,
let it escape and are afraid of being scolded.
Then, to try to get it back,
they kidnap a little girl who had nothing to do with it.
And in the end, they find the cat themselves.
-Of course!
They could have come and told us: "We have lost our master's cat.
If you have it, can we have it back, please?"
Yes, but I think I know why they didn't do that:
because we could have asked for a large reward to return it,
and its owner would have found out everything.
(Conan voice) No, it seems to me that this case is not so simple.
Even if they saw us when we were out shopping,
they couldn't be sure
that there was only the doctor and Ayumi in the house.
"I don't think they would dare to enter just with a taser."
Besides, it didn't take us half an hour to get back from the supermarket, did it?
If it had been the first time the kidnappers came in,
do you think they would have had time to knock the doctor unconscious,
make sure the cat was gone and immobilize the Ayumi,
wrap her in the carpet and take her away?
And they had time to find the doctor's cell phone and the Ayumi's cell phone.
Oh!
So, the kidnappers? Exactly: they had information.
They knew that only the doctor and you live in this house, Ay.
They knew that the four of us come here from time to time to play.
And they also knew that all of us have cell phones.
But where did they get it, the information?
Doctor, has anyone entered the house in the last few days?
Now that you mention it, there have been people: three couples.
Three couples?
Yes, and they all came because they had seen the video of the vase.
Doctor, tell us what it was like, the people who came to see it.
Let's see, the first ones that came were a couple of sisters.
They took the vase, they tapped it,
they looked at it for a while
and at the end they asked me if I would sell it for 500 yen.
For 500 yen?
Wow!
I thought it would be worth more, the vase.
Yes, my boy.
I said the same thing.

"From the look on their faces,
"They must have thought 500 yen wasn't bad at all,
for a vase to put flowers in."
I told them to take a better look at it, but...
they said they were tired of kneeling.
Why?
That I had the vase on the floor?
Yes, I had it on the carpet.
I thought it looked better.
Then an older couple came in.
They examined the vase with a very large magnifying glass,
but they didn't want to touch it at all.
So what did they say?
What did they say, about the vase?
They said that they didn't understand much, but that maybe it did have value,
and that it would be better that he/she looked for an expert in the matter
to make an appraisal.
And they also told me that people would surely come
who wanted to buy me very cheaply,
and that for that reason it was better not to show it too much on the internet.
And the third parties, what were they like? A very rude father and son.
After taking the jar and looking inside it for a while, the son asked with a smile that I had never seen before,
the son asked with a smile that did not amuse me at all:
"How much do you think it's worth?"
That offended me, and I replied:
"500,000 yen, and, if you buy it now, I'll give you the carpet and everything!"
The father replied, "You're joking, I suppose."
and the son added, "What a pity, people who have no idea about that!"
I got so angry, I made them outside.
And tell me, the Ai was with you, when you had these visits?
No, no.
They must have all come at times when the Ai was at school, I guess.
Wait, now that I think about it....,
I remember one of the people who came asked me about the Ai.
I wanted to know when he came home from school,
what friends he had, or what he did on holidays.
I'm sure these were the kidnappers.
Doctor, do you remember who asked you?
No, now I have all my memories mixed up and I don't remember who it was.
And among the people who came,
no one made any comments to you about cats?
Specifically, did anyone talk about a Russian blue cat?
We rather talked about the vase, you know?
(Shinichi, think) "A Russian blue cat?"
"Ran's mother's was also a Russian blue cat."
We need to look at the website for cat and vase videos.
Is there a website, of this?
It's really funny, when cats get inside vases.
Eh?
Doctor, what title did you put on the video to post it?
Let me think...
"I want to have this vase appraised so that I don't get a pig in a poke."
it seems to me.
Let's see, I'll look for videos with cats and vases.
(Shinichi, think) "I've got it: the video of Ran's mother."
"It's right above the doctor's video."
Oh!
A cat in a vase.
(Mother Ran) "No, Goro. Stay out of it, in here."
- (Mitsuhiko) Oh, that's funny! - (Mother Ran) "Goro, say hello to everyone."
"Meow, meow."
Hey, it's just like the one in the photo the kidnappers sent.
It's true, and the background also looks the same.
But how can it be, that Eri's cat...?
Besides, Eri would never stun me with a taser.
(Shinichi, thinks) "And why didn't the kidnappers use the taser on Ayumi?
the taser on the Ayumi?"
"If they had rendered him unconscious like the doctor,
they wouldn't have had to disguise the voice with helium gas."
"How strange!"
Eh?
What's wrong with your ear, Ayumi?
It's dark.
Oh, I know.
At first I tried to escape from the kidnappers,
but when I struggled,
the coffee fell on the ground and I got all the hood dirty.
It's true: you have the whole hood stained with coffee.
When they wrapped me with the carpet,
my hair got dirty with coffee, and my ear too.
It's a horrible feeling, it made me sick!
Oh, I'm sorry I soiled your clothes.
It's... It's all right, woman.
When I wash it, it will go away.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The kidnappers weren't interested in the Ouch!
nor the vase, nor the cat."
Doctor, what do you think you should do now?
Do you think you should call the police?
Well, maybe yes.
They have kidnapped the Ayumi, and this is something very serious.
Maybe they won't believe us when we explain it.
It will be hard to make them believe that two hooded men have called at home,
stunned it with a stun gun.

and then they have taken Ayumi wrapped in a carpet.
And even more so if we say that the only objective of the kidnappers
was to make us look for their owner's cat, which had escaped from them.
Of course!
The two kidnappers sent us the message
where they told us to look for the cat
from the cell phone taken by Dr. Agasa.
"This message was sent to Ayumi's cell phone,
they also took it, and left it inside the vase."
"In addition, the kidnappers have used helium gas....
To make a different voice so we wouldn't recognize them."
"I'm sure they have wrapped the Ayumi with the rug
so that she couldn't see where they were taking her or even where they were leaving her."
But the Ayumi has also said that they had let her out of the rug
so that she could drink some water.
This had been the kidnappers' hiding place?
It was very dark and I couldn't see anything,
but I'd say it was a van or someplace similar.
Well, at the moment, the only clue we have...
is the picture of the missing cat that the kidnappers sent us
to tell us what to look for.
Since it looks identical to the image of the cat
that Ran's mother posted on the internet,
maybe they didn't take a picture of her cat,
but of another cat of the same breed
so that it would be impossible to locate them.
But maybe someone has seen a couple of suspects leaving this house with a rolled up carpet.
with a rolled-up rug.
Maybe it would be worth calling the police, right?
Yeah, but why don't we call them after we make the curry again?
I'm starving, actually.
-Yeah, me too. -Yeah.
It's-- Okay.
In the meantime, I'm going back to shower.
My head and ear are still raw from coffee.
No, you can't.
I'm sorry, you won't be able to shower again...
until we've found the kidnappers.
What?
These coffee stains are important evidence
that proves that the kidnappers have first knocked you to the ground,
and after immobilizing you,
they wrapped the carpet around you to get you out of the house.
What?
I can't take a shower until we catch the kidnappers?
Yes, but don't worry, there's not much time.
Because right now we'll go get them all in your house.
(All) What?!
What does this mean?
That you know who they are?
Yes..., and I think you know them, Dr. Agasa.
(All) What?
I know the kidnappers?
Well!
I know the kidnappers?
Do not tell me that the culprit is Ran's mother!
No, man, no!
You said yourself
that the kidnappers have perhaps simply sent an image
that they have taken at random,
and it just happened to be that of Mrs. Kisaki's cat.
-What? -A random image?
Does this mean that the kidnappers didn't kidnap the Ayumi
to make us look for the cat they had lost?
No, any picture would have done. (All) What?!
All they wanted was to find an excuse
to take the Ayumi out of the house....,
wrapped with the carpet, naturally.
That is to say, that what they were looking for the cat...
was just a diversionary maneuver.
Yes.
Didn't you find it strange, all of it?
The doctor has been stunned with a stun gun,
but Ayumi was only given a plaster in his mouth.
Thanks to that, he was able to feel that they said they had come here...
to look for a cat that had escaped from them,
and that the only solution they had was to take it to the carpet...
to force us to look for the cat.
If they had left the Ayumi without knowledge like the doctor,
they wouldn't have had to disguise the voices with helium in the first place.
It's true.
Do you want to know why they did what they did?
Because just what they wanted was for the Ayumi to sense their conversation.
It was a way of preventing anyone from guessing
that what they were really interested in was the carpet.
-What?
The carpet? Why?
What's it worth, this old carpet?
No, I'm sure it's not worth much.
Why do you say that?
As the doctor observed a while ago,
when they turned the carpet over, it was dirtier underneath,
but it didn't have any coffee stains on it.
When they had the Ayumi wrapped with the carpet,

coffee has soiled his hood, hair and ear,
because there was a lot of it and it made very big stains
that can't be easily removed.
If there are no stains on this carpet, it can only mean...
...that it has been changed.
I'm sure they did it when they unwrapped it and let it drink water.
Yes, and they only let her out to drink water in the dark,
so she couldn't see the carpet change.
I'm sure they had a carpet similar to the doctor's in the van,
so they could make the change quickly.
Eh?
But I still don't understand why they had to hijack the Ayumi.
I don't either.
Why didn't they just steal the carpet?
-I know. Huh?
If they had just stolen the carpet,
we should have notified the police and they wouldn't have been able to sell it.
Of course they would have.
Besides, the drawings on the carpet are clearly visible...
the video you have posted on the internet.
But I don't think anyone I know would have been able to do this.
Think about it.
Maybe it's someone you've known for a very short time.
Recently?
Don't tell me they're one of the people who came for the vase.
Yes...
"Or the sisters who grabbed it and stared at it for a while;
"Or the married couple who examined the vase with a magnifying glass.
"But didn't touch it at all;
"Or the father and the son who laughed when he told them
that the pitcher and the carpet were coming to them for 500,000 yen."
This thing the father and son did is very suspicious.
Yes, I'm sure they knew how much the rug was really worth.....
and they wanted to have it without having to pay for it.
No, on the contrary: they laughed because the doctor's price was too low.
(All) What?!
If it was worth so much that the thieves were willing to kidnap a little girl to have it.
to kidnap a girl to have her,
it must have been a Persian carpet.
They say that each rug has a different pattern,
and in some cases they can go up to ten million yen.
What a ?!
Ten million?!
It is true that looking carefully at the objects inside and out
is something that everyone who values antiques does,
but those two had a lot of practice,
and they only had to touch the vase and take a peek inside
to know how much it was worth.
I'm sure they saw that the rug was very valuable,
but they're not the ones to blame.
No?
Why?
They shouldn't risk committing a crime as serious as kidnapping,
if they could buy the carpet for 500,000 yen.
Therefore, the kidnappers are the sisters.
And why not the married couple that came after?
No, not those for sure.
They were very kind, they said they thought the vase was of great value...
and that it was better to have it examined by an expert.
And doesn't this seem strange to you?
They told him that they didn't understand much
and that it was better to have it examined by an expert.
So why did they come, if they didn't understand?
Ah, of course.
They advised her not to show the vase on the Internet,
but they didn't mean it because of the vase,
but because they didn't want anyone else to realize
that she had a Persian rug at home.
Besides, unlike the sisters who took the vase...
and looked at each other for a while,
they didn't touch it for a moment and just looked at it with a magnifying glass.
No? Yes, they did.
The two sisters were only interested in the vase,
but not the couple.
As the vase was on the carpet,
they could examine it well with the magnifying glass.
It was true!
Actually, what they wanted to see...
...was the pattern of the carpet.
Not only did they want to verify that it was an authentic Persian rug,
but they made sure
that the drawing corresponded to the carpet they were looking for.
Surely, they had already seen it years ago somewhere else....
and they were eager to get their hands on it.
Otherwise, they would not have been so interested
in something they had casually seen in a video on the Internet.
So they made up the excuse of coming to appraise the vase
when, in reality, they wanted to see the carpet.
They saw that the doctor neither knew the value of the vase
nor did he suspect that he had a Persian rug at home.
And upon learning that he was living with the Ay, they devised the ploy of kidnapping.
But now how can we know where they are, that pair of kidnappers?
If they have disguised their voices with helium...

is because they know that the Ayumi can sense them and would recognize them.
That's why I think they should move around this neighborhood.
I would look to see if there are any stores on the edge where they sell carpets.
Yes, yes, that's what I'm looking at.
I already have one.
It's called Kanbe Interior Design Store.
It says here that they sell rugs.
There's even a picture of the owner.
Do you recognize this man, doctor?
Oh, I do!
I'm sure it's him.
There's no doubt about it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Prize!"
(Ringing: ding-dong)
Good evening, Shinichi.
I know you.
How did you find my home address?
I went to your store first,
but I was told that you hadn't been to work for a few days
because I had a bad cold.
I see you are looking well.
I am very glad that you have recovered.
Eh?
Ahem, ahem!
I haven't quite gotten over it yet.
But, say, what did you want?
As I know that you are in the carpet business,
I would like to ask you to look at this carpet I have at home.
Ah, well.
But who are these people?
Ah, they are some friends who helped me to carry it, because I couldn't do it on my own.
Ah...
It looks pretty well done, but it's not a real Persian rug.
-In fact, I already thought it was. It's not strange at all.
There are many, many imitation Persian carpets.
This one you have on the wall, is it authentic?
Is it?
Ah, yes, this is Persian.
Look at it!
Underneath this carpet there is something.
It looks like a photo.
-And what's in the photo? -Let's see...
-It's a picture of a catifa. It looks like the one the doctor had.
But what's it doing here, this photo?
Ah, no... My wife, she's very absent-minded.
-Isn't she? -Eh?
Aaa...
Yes, I always leave things behind.
Oh, you do?
I would say that they have hurried to roll up the carpet because,
when we arrived, they were comparing it with the photo.
I know I have a lot of imagination,
but I think that's why it's stuck under here.
-Come on, let's develop it. -Yes.
No!
What are you doing?
Oh, my goodness!
It does look like the doctor's carpet.
But the drawings are somewhat different.
It seems to me that the carpet you see in the picture is the same.
Look at it!
There's a dark spot that's shaped like an ear.
And from the smell it makes, I'd say it's coffee.
My wife made it.
Yes.
As I'm always in a hurry, I spilled my coffee.
You know what?
The shape of each person's ears,
which is called an "earprint,"
is as characteristic as fingerprints.
Therefore, if we compare the stain with Ayumi's ear,
we will come to the conclusion that...
you two are the kidnappers who have seized the Ayumi
and took her away wrapped in this carpet.
-What are you saying? -May I know who you are, child?
Conan Edogawa, detective.
(Shinichi voice) "After a short while,
the police arrived and arrested the kidnappers."
"It seems that the carpet belonged to a millionaire who, when he died, left it as an inheritance to his relatives,
he left it as an inheritance to his relatives."
"Since they didn't know it was valuable, they took it away from him.
"And it passed through several hands
until it ended up in Dr. Agasa's house."
"The couple, who had decorated the millionaire's house,
"knew that the valuable rug had been lost for some time,
and they were trying to locate it."
"Mrs. Kanbe was very amused by the cat and vase videos
"Mrs. Kanbe was very amused by the cat and vase videos, and she often went on the web."
"Surely the plan occurred to them when they saw the doctor's video.
"And the Woe reflected in his glasses,
"And since the Eri Kisaki's cat video was on top of his,
they decided to use it as an excuse for the kidnapping."
"By the way, the doctor was very happy,
when he learned that he was the owner of a real Persian rug..."
"But then he had a disappointment,
"When he was told that the rug would serve as evidence during the trial
and would not be returned to him for a few months."
"His dream of a new Beetle would have to wait a while."
Ahem, ahem!
I don't know if the danger has passed. (Shinichi voice) Eh?
Why do you say that?
My face, which is reflected in the doctor's video,
must not stop going around the world.
Don't worry.
The video has already been deleted from the website.
Besides, the kidnappers said they saw you by chance...

when they were zooming in to get a good look at the carpet.
(Shinichi, think) "Wait a minute."
"And how was I supposed to find the image of Ay, that one?"
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
"Eliminate, eliminate, eliminate"...
"Eliminate."
If only everything was as easy to delete as a file...!
Ah!
A master chocolatier...
...and an attractive businesswoman have created...
(at the same time)... the chocolates of love!
I will make you travel beyond dreams,
to the distant Milky Way.
Come out to the street! Conan!
"Don't miss the next episode:
" 'The Flammable Chocolate Trap'."

