(Sonoko) I am so excited!
In Yukihiko Tsujimoto has won the first prize
of the world championship of master chocolatiers.
And Mayuko Sakura, the store manager,
is a beautiful businesswoman.
I've even heard
that she is largely responsible for Tsujimoto's great success.
Plus, they are dating juuunts! They make a great couple.
Ah!
A master chocolatier...
...and an attractive businesswoman have created...
...the chocolates of love!
If you share them with the guy you like, you'll be together forever.
How romantic! (Think) "Women's conversations."
Oh!
What a pity that Makoto's not...
It doesn't matter!
If the chocolates are good, you'll enjoy them anyway.
Don't pretend.
I'm sure you'd like to share them with Shinichi.
What's that?
Don't talk nonsense.
"He-he! The truth is, I will be."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Wrapped with the flame of love,
chocolate will be the wick of crime."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kararazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The flammable chocolate trap"
Mayuko!
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
Thank you for inviting us.
Welcome to Le Trésor de Fruits.
We were waiting for you.
The store has turned out beautiful!
Thanks to the unconditional support of the Suzuki consortium,
we have been able to decorate it with high quality furniture.
The opening is tomorrow, so you are our first customers.
And the chocolates in the store were made by Mr. Tsujimoto?
Yes, of course.
Our motto is to always sell freshly made chocolates.
So... Are those bottles of alcohol?
Are they?
Ah!
It's called "nalewka".
It's a liqueur obtained by macerating the fruit in alcohol.
Ah...
Hm?
Wow!
What a nice face they make, everyone!
They are so beautiful that I feel like eating them, aren't they?
The chocolates in our chocolate shop imitate the shape of jewels.
Hence the name of the store,
which means "fruit treasure" in French.
What are they made of, the ones with fruit?
They are filled with the fruit liqueur we have on the shelf.
-Ah! Would you like to try them?
It's just that... we can't drink alcohol.
Don't worry, the alcohol has already evaporated.
Well, we eat like two adults for a day.
How nice!
Maybe your love will come true.
I'll eat it too.
Great!
Ah!
Welcome to our workshop Le Trésor de Fruits.
Meet Yukihiko Tsujimoto.
Congratulations on winning the first prize!
It is an honor to meet you.
"Thank you, it is an honor for me.
It's not always that you get to meet
two such pretty and charming ladies.
"How slimy."
I'll introduce you to them.
This is Ran Mouri.
She's lovely.
And Sonoko Suzuki, from the Suzuki group of companies.
-Yes, how do you do? - "Enchanté, mademoiselle."
As distinguished and elegant as I imagined.
Go on, please.
If you'll excuse me, I have preparations to make.
Y-yes.
Enjoy the experience.
All right, let's get started, then.
We'll show you the artwork that won first prize
and that we will present tomorrow at the opening.
-Ah! Mill!
That will also announce your wedding, perhaps?
Oh... It's a secret.
Wow, I'm so jealous of you!
So a rich girl...
But she's just a teenager!
It doesn't matter.
If I put her in my pocket,
getting the consortium's money will be a piece of cake.
Hey, Sonoko!
What are you doing?
Hmm... I want to get a picture of him now that he's still single.
He's so handsome, in Tsujimoto!
Yes?
I imagined him differently.
Mayuko, on the other hand, I find her gorgeous.

Well, we have everything ready.
Welcome to the opening ceremony of Le Trésor de Fruits.
Ooh!
With you all, the winner of the master chocolatier contest,
Mr. Yukihiko Tsujimoto!
Oooh! Beautiful!
First time in Japan,
"Dans l'espace" the sculpture called "Inside the space".
It is made with top grade criollo cocoa and cocoa butter.
and cocoa butter.
The macerated fruit liqueur
enhances the delicate flavor of the chocolate to the maximum.
It almost looks like a sculpture!
It is a marvel!
Well, this is just the beginning.
I will make you travel beyond dreams,
to the distant Milky Way.
Hm?
It's the flame of love, isn't it?
What the fuck...?
Aah!
-Aah! -Aah!
March! Sonoko!
Aaaah!
Aaah!
Aaah!
Ran, call the fire department!
Hurry up, Conan! Yukihiko!
Get out to the street!
(Alarm)
Conan!
Conan...
Have you found the source of the fire?
We're still investigating,
but it seems to have started with the bottles on the shelf,
which contained high-proof alcohol.
(Male) Inspector Yuminaga.
Miss Sakura, business partner.
How did the fire start?
The chocolate liquor suddenly ignited.
It scared Tsujimoto and knocked over the bottles.
Then... Then... in Tsujimoto...
There was "nalewka",
which is obtained by macerating fruit in Spyritus Vodka, it's strong alcohol.
Strong alcohol?
With an alcohol content of more than 90%, like vodka?
Inspector.
Mr. Tsujimoto's clothes
Tsujimoto's clothes were made of velvet,
a highly flammable type of fabric.
Oh!
It was my fault!
I'm the one who chose the material for his new chef's jacket!
(Cries) Who would have thought that this would happen!
Mayuko, why don't you rest for a while?
Are you doing anything, Inspector Yuminaga?
Eh?
No.
Inspector, could it have been the static electricity?
The static electricity from the jacket
would have ignited the evaporating alcohol.
Mr. Tsujimoto would have panicked
and knocked the bottles off the shelf.
The alcohol would have spread on the floor and the fire would have spread.
As the victim was wearing an extremely flammable jacket, the flames would have devoured him,
the flames would have engulfed him.
Is that it?
Hm?
Mr. Inspector, it is not too early
to say that the fire was caused by static electricity?
Mind your own business, kid!
E-ei!
Where are you going now?
"No."
"When the fruit liqueur ignited,
a big flame came out at once."
"A pistachio shell?"
"Where did it come from?"
"Here's more."
"Could it be that someone had put them under the bottles
so that they would go down more easily?"
Aaah!
You!
How many times do I have to tell you?
This is not a playground.
Does it hurt, Mayuko? What's wrong?
When the fire spread,
Miss Sakura burned her arm.
It's nothing, I'm fine.
I was able to put out the flames right away.
Y... how come the fire also got into her clothes?
We didn't get burned at all.
That's true.
Could you explain to me how you got burned, if you don't mind?
When the fire got out of control, just before I went out into the street,
I caught fire on my sleeve.
There must have been a spark.
Therefore, I gather that you were not at Mr. Tsujimoto's side.
Tsujimoto.
No.
You handed the kettle to Mr. Tsujimoto
and stood next to Sonoko.
Now.
"That's right, Mayuko has been by Sonoko's side all along."
"Come to think of it, Mr. Tsujimoto made a strange face,
when he had already poured the water into the chocolate container."
"As if something happened that was not expected."
Inspector.
We just found this next to the corpse.
-And what's this? -It's the remains of steel wool.
"What? Steel wool?"
And what was it doing here?
In fact, in the kitchen there's a steel wool scouring pad.
Hey, look, sir.
Look here, sir.
What's that?
-Let's see? -What is it now?
It's a non-woven fabric scrap.
It's used to make some wrappings.
It's found in materials like air freshener bags, right?
Wow, you really know your stuff! And you don't find it suspicious?

How did the bag of air freshener end up here?
In the kitchen fridge there was also a bag of air freshener.
I guess it must be the same one.
And what's so strange about finding something from the kitchen here on the ground?
Come on, get out of here. D'acooord.
"How strange. If this is a bag of air freshener..."
Hm?
"To the teapot there are small crystals."
"Could it be salt? Sure!"
"The salt, the air freshener, the steel wool..."
"If the only missing element appears..."
Inspector.
It must have been static electricity.
Mr. Tsujimoto's neckerchief was made of nylon.
Understood.
Nylon, combined with a cotton fabric such as velvet,
usually generates static electricity.
That must have caused the fire.
I think you should have it checked by a doctor.
Don't worry, it's not serious.
But...
Hey, inspector!
This girl is hurt.
Can she go?
In fact, we already know the cause of the fire.
She can go, yes.
"I have to act! Otherwise, they'll think it was an accident."
We can go now, Mayuko.
"If my deductions are correct,
he's probably still here."
Hey, inspector!
There are ants in the chocolate on the table!
D-really?
Where are they?
I don't see them.
That's strange...
It seemed to me that something was moving around here.
They should collect the evidence before they don't attract ants, right?
Yes, you're right.
"Oh! I knew it! It was no accident."
"It was a very clever murder."
Come on, Mayuko.
Yes.
Hey, by the way, where did he go, the little guy with the glasses?
Ah!
Uh...
Xocolat-le-La...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Sonoko!
(Sonoko's voice) I've discovered the trick they've used
to kill Mr. Tsujimoto.
Look, child, it was an accident.
The fire was caused by static electricity.
-Come on, don't be naive. Naive, me?
The sweetness of the chocolate has deceived you.
Well, tell me what it is, this trick you say they used.
I will do so.
First, I'll explain how the fire was lit...
and what has been its true origin.
Of all the evidence that has been found, there are three that are key.
The air freshener, the salt crystals and the aluminum foil.
Salt crystals and aluminum foil?
Where did you get this?
The crystallized salt was inside the teapot.
And the aluminum foil was just picked up by these guys,
mixed in with the leftover chocolate.
-Huh? -Yes, that's right.
-You're right. Now I'll give you a little demonstration.
Conan, go ahead.
Yes!
Sonoko has instructed me to prepare this.
Please, Ran, could you fill all the aluminum containers with water...
except the top one?
Mm.
There, that's enough.
Hm?
Eh?
-Òndia! -Hmm? -Hm?
It is a reproduction of the ignition device used by the killer.
And how does this work?
The steel wool under the bow tie is incandescent.
Is that how the figure burned?
The container underneath contains activated charcoal.
In addition, the water in the kettle is salty.
Of course it is!
It is an electrochemical cell.
Mixing the salt with the aluminum
triggers a reaction that generates electricity.
At the crime scene there were the necessary elements
to make an electrochemical cell.
I understand where the electricity comes from, but... what caused the fire?
You don't know, inspector?
Steel wool ignites on contact with electricity.
The origin of the fire was not static electricity,
but a device made of all these elements.
Mayuko, what was going to happen to the chocolate swan?
when Mr. Tsujimoto poured the water into the container?
It was supposed to...
Mr. Tsujimoto said:
"I will make you travel to the distant Milky Way."
If I am not mistaken, there was carbon snow inside the container.
Mixed with water,
it would have created a white nebula resembling the Milky Way.
The killer has replaced the carbonic snow
with an electrochemical cell.
"Mr. Tsujimoto has unknowingly poured salt water into the container,
"Electricity has ignited the steel wool...
and the fruit liquor has fueled the flames."
But if Mr. Tsujimoto had not stung with the rack,

the bottles would not have broken and the fire would not have spread.
Underneath the bottles were pistachio shells
placed expressly to unbalance the photo.
That's right, yes, there were pistachio shells on the shelf.
But there was another trap set up.
But there was another trap set up
that went off before this one.
-What do you mean? -Ran, remember.
When did Mr. Tsujimoto jump back?
When the fruit liqueur ignited?
Let me think...
The fruit liqueur was lit
and Mr. Tsujimoto bit the shelf.
Of course he did!
Before that there was a big flame.
What's that?
Are you absolutely sure? Yes.
Immediately the bottles fell and the fire spread.
That's why my memories are a little fuzzy, sorry.
No, and now.
It's quite normal, with the experience you've had.
But what is it, what has caused this big blaze?
The murderer had hidden under the table
a cardboard container with ethyl alcohol.
The alcohol began to evaporate
and filled the space under the table,
covered with a long tablecloth.
"Just before the exhibition,
"He lifted the tablecloth a little to release the vaporized alcohol,
which ignited when the liquor began to burn."
Mayuko.
I have seen how to smooth out the tablecloth just before the show started.
You, Mayuko Sakura, are the killer.
You can't be!
The Mayuko...?
Don't play with me anymore, Sonoko.
But I burned my arm in the fire, too!
No.
This burn proves your guilt.
What the...?
The fire burned your arm
because you accidentally dipped your sleeve in alcohol...
when you hid the container under the table.
Of course you did!
That's why only the sleeve of your dress was burned.
This is just guesswork!
Miss.
You'll have to accompany us to the police station, if you don't mind.
I can't believe that even you suspect me!
This device was made out of normal kitchen material.
What's suspicious about finding it here?
(Sonoko voice) There's nothing suspicious about it.
That's precisely why you've made such a complex device like this.
The store opens tomorrow!
A lot of people have passed through here,
from deliverymen to interior designers.
Anyone could have done it, not just me.
I doubt it.
You're the only one who could have done it.
-What? -Ran.
Take my cell phone out of my pocket, please.
Ah... yes.
Show Mayuko the picture I took earlier.
It must be... this one.
(Sonoko voice) Oh!
(Sonoko voice) Just before the presentation,
Mr. Tsujimoto drank water from the teapot.
If it had been salt water, he obviously would have noticed.
"The only one who has been able to put salt in the water... is you, Mayuko."
Ah...
To him... I was just an instrument.
It's about time, isn't it?
Our dream will soon come true.
Yes.
When we open the store in Tokyo's most exclusive neighborhood,
I'll join the country's elite master chocolatiers.
Maybe it's time for you to start thinking about our wedding.
Wedding?
You've let yourself get caught up in the press, too?
-What? -I'm very grateful to you, it's true.
You've helped me succeed with the ideas you had in your drawer.
You're a magnificent drawer.
What?
A drawer, you say?
But I can't wish for anything more.
The best position, the best store...
I have everything I wanted.
I don't need to get ideas from old drawers anymore.
W-but what do you say?
After the opening, I'll send you off.
Thank you for helping me so much.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
I was in love.
I gave him everything I had and much more.
But he... he wanted to get rid of me,
like I was... a useless piece of junk!
Mayuko!
Rather than lose him, I'd rather burn everything.
Him, the store...
and also my... love.
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.

Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite....
(Yawns)
The Queen of Deductions
is capable of solving any case in a jiffy.
You've seen it, haven't you?
Ooh!
I missed the chance to share love chocolates with Makoto!
Oh!
I shouldn't have been so hasty.
"He-he! Maybe I did, that I went too fast."
And the thief uses the same method ?!
We said "the case of the red spray."
It could be someone who resents the police.
Hey, haven't we seen him somewhere, this police officer?
Kamen Baiyin.
She was agent Chiba's first love.
No!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'An investigation with the first love (part one)'."

