(Mitsuhiko) Oysters!
"The Gomera Monster: The Betrayal".
How funny!
Mm-hm.
The Gomera Monster is awesome!
A little more, and it won't even crush the National Insurance building.
It's "Security", not "Insurance"!
(Ai) They said it would be the last Gomera movie,
but they've already decided to make another one.
They will start shooting "Gomera: The Revolution" 6 months from now.
(Think) "He-he-he. I'd really like to see it."
Well, guys, what do you say we have lunch in a restaurant?
But where are they?
Where have they gone?
I don't know.
They were here not a moment ago.
Mm?
Hey, what are you doing?
Come on, we're waiting for you!
Conan, come!
Come and see this. What?
-Oooh! -Great!
"Wow, that's funny! It's full of plastic figures!"
Eh, you see?
There is also the figure of the Fairy Emera.
It must be the car of a geek from Gomera!
-Yes, I like it very much, the Fairy Emera.
"Eh? They tried to pick the lock. It's scratched. What if...?"
"They've opened it."
-Conan, what are you doing? -What are you doing?
"Oysters! What is it, this strong modesty?"
"Where does it come from?"
"Where does it come from, is it bad?"
"Mm? Eh?"
"What is this?"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"While investigating the thefts of some cars,
a policeman's love takes a sudden change."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"An investigation with the first love (part one)."
Eh?
What's the matter?
What is it?
What's wrong?
What-what is it?
What-what is it?!
-That's... -That's horrible!
Hey, what are you guys doing here?
What right do you have to connect one car to another?!
-Ah! Ah!
S-s-sorry.
Someone has entered the car!
Yes, and wrote "fuck you" on the roof!
With red spray paint!
But this car belongs to a police officer.
A cop's? What's wrong?
Conan!
What are you doing here? A-Agent Chiba!
Geez, the geek's car is Agent Chiba's?
A geek's?
Yes, he says so because behind the car...
there are figures of monsters and comic book heroes.
Did you say that you were a little careless to get back to the car,
untangle the figures and display them out the window?
I'm sorry, but, since I had bought them,
I didn't want to keep them hidden.
Yeah, but... having your car painted "fuck you" isn't very funny.
It could be someone with a grudge against the police.
Maybe it was done by someone who's mad at Officer Chiba.
Because it doesn't look like a cop's car, this one.
Anyway, I'll call Officer Yumi from the Traffic Department.
What?
That's the third case reported today?!
And the thief is using the same method?!
Yes, you are the fourth victim, Chiba.
We said "the red spray case".
"The red spray case"?
Right, because they spray-painted the ceiling with red spray paint.
Look at that.
You're a cop
and you still like to go out and buy these things with friends.
Today is my day off.
And he bought them, he was just accompanying her.
Yeah, but I'm sure you like these figurines too, right?
Well, actually, I won't deny it, but...
Look, even the new girl is laughing at you, Chiba.
Oh.
Excuse me.
(Think) "Gee, you haven't changed a bit, Chiba."
Hey, haven't we seen him somewhere, this police officer?
You're sure?

I don't know, but Yumi just told her in Chiba that she was new.
She's probably a new agent they transferred here very recently.
-Kamen Baiyin....- Ba-Baiyin?
Isn't this what a girl was saying at the end of the play that Agent Chiba recorded
that Agent Chiba filmed when he was in elementary school?
Yes, it was at the end of the video, wasn't it?
Thank you, thank you very much, Kamen Baiyin!
-Yes, it's true! -It's that girl!
She was agent Chiba's first love.
It's true.
But didn't Chiba say he hadn't listened to her?
Yes.
After a while he fell in love with someone else,
and didn't even go to the alumni reunion.
It's possible she's married and all.
No.
I don't think so.
The way she's had to act,
I'd say she's not married
and that she decided to become a cop so she could be with him.
If she didn't go to the alumni reunion it would be
because she thought Officer Chiba didn't remember her anymore.
Then Officer Chiba was wrong,
and she did listen to him, the girl.
Yes, but the worst thing is that it seems to me...
that he still hasn't found out
that the person in front of him is his first love, Naeko Miike.
Wow, first Inspector Takagi and then Inspector Shiratori.
My goodness, what a creep!
They are a bunch of donkeys, in the things of love.
Everything has to be explained to them, otherwise they don't understand anything.
I guess they're so focused on the investigations...
that they're incapable of thinking about anything else.
Mm.
You mean? Don't ask me, I don't know.
Well, I don't think it's up to us to tell them.
I think it's better to wait for her to tell her,
or trust that sooner or later he will recognize her.
So, are you sure nothing is missing, the car?
No, nothing is missing.
Isn't it?
No.
Then we'll have to work on the assumption
that what did it is someone who hates fans of these movies.
What?!
All the cars that have been opened belonged to fans of these movies?
Please, show him the picture of the first car that reported it.
Ah... Yes.
It's this car.
It's-it's an "ita" car.
-The drawings are very well fets. -Yes.
It's an Emo Maho JK 48!
What's that?
How can you say it's an Italian car?!
It's Japanese on all four sides!
Ah, when I said "ita" I didn't mean Italian.
It comes from the expression "itai", which means "pity".
When people see the cars so painted, they feel sorry for them,
they feel sorry for them, and that's why they call them "ita" cars,
or pitiful cars, right?
Yes.
The other cars you have opened are also "ita" cars?
No, not all of them.
Not really.
The car next to it was also "ita", but this one was not opened.
On the other hand...
Can you show me the second and third cars that have been opened, please?
This is the car of a rich man who was coming back from playing golf
and this is a sports car, tuned by its owner.
Maybe it's someone who randomly attacks cars just for fun.
I don't think so.
If all the cars have the word "fuck you" written on the roof,
maybe the victims have something in common that connects them.
This is the information we have on the 3 victims.
-Have you ever seen them before? -Maybe.
Then why don't you help them in the investigation...
to find out who attacked the cars?
Who did?
Who? Me?
Yes.
Maybe you remember something important, during the investigation.
Besides, we will also help you.
Why don't we?
Today is your holiday.
You have nothing else to do.
Who says so, that I have nothing to do? One question, that's why.
The other cars have also been attacked in this area?
Yes.
All the cars that were attacked were parked in Beika's neighborhood.
Okay, then we could go with agent Yumi...
to investigate the parking lots in the western area.
Agent Chiba, you can go with the new agent...
to investigate the parking lots on the east side.
What?
Who?
Me? -Yes, to investigate.
-Yes, to investigate touch. -Go.
Come on, go, investigate.
You've been given a job.
And now what?
What do I do?
Agent Chiba can't use the car now.

The lab people have to check, and they have for a while.
-I'm sorry, you'll have to get back on your feet.
But... may I ask why we are following these two?
Haven't we agreed that we would go
to investigate the parking lots on the west side?
Xxxt!
If you speak so loudly, we will be found out in the end.
They haven't told the police about this?
Watch and shut up.
Ah!
Hey, look, now they're entering the building!
It's the subway parking lot of a supermarket.
-What do we do now?
Do we follow them? -Don't be an ass.
We can't go in through the same entrance,
we have every chance of running into them.
Yes, we'll have no choice but to enter the parking lot through the supermarket.
Doctor, you keep an eye on the cars coming in and out.
Eh?
Well, I guess they don't need me anymore.
(Genta) There's nobody here.
Maybe they have already finished and have left.
No, I don't think so, the doctor would have warned us by cell phone.
They must still be somewhere in the parking lot.
-Hey!
What are you doing here?! - Ah!
This is no place to come and play.
If you want to play hide and seek, go to the park!
This place is dangerous, a car could come out and run over you.
We're leaving now.
Excuse me.
I want to know which school you go to.
Tell me your names.
Your names?
Come on, come on.
It's not so serious, they just want to play hide and seek.
I also have a daughter,
and at this age it's normal that they only think about playing.
It's parents like you, who have nothing on their minds,
who put our children in danger.
Hey!
What have you come down here to do?
I don't want to see you near my car!
Don't even think of touching it with your dirty hands!
Get out of here!
Ah!
It's here!
I found your cell phone.
Yes, now I'll take it to you.
(thinks) "It's a tuned car."
Hey, Conan, maybe we'd better get out of here, now.
Yeah, we'd better wait outside with Dr. Agasa...
until those two come out.
(Agasa) I don't understand what's taking them so long.
(Agasa) My goodness!
It's been almost half an hour since you came.
And couldn't it be...
Agent Chiba suddenly remembered who she was, the police girl?
Yes, that's right!
And they hid in a corner to kiss each other.
I want to see it.
I'm sure the officer turned as red as a tomato.
- (loud thump) - (cracking)
What was that, such a loud noise?
It was like a bang, wasn't it?
"It was coming from the parking lot!"
"Smoke?"
Are you all right?
Officer Chiba!
What happened? I... I don't know.
We felt it once, ran over here and saw it on the ground.
Apparently, your car was rammed from behind.
"No. Again!"
(Genta) Wow, Conan, what happened here?
No idea, but we don't know.
Eh?
But it's that nice man that before, when we were here,
he defended us from that impudent woman!
Look, he has regained consciousness.
Is he feeling better?
Can you tell us what happened?
Yes.
I came here to buy a doll for my daughter,..,
but they were out, so I decided to go to another store.
Then I got in the car,
and when I was about to get out, I was stung from behind.
I got out of the car to complain,
but I fainted and fell to the ground.
I don't know, it seems to me that... that when the car hit me from behind...
I hit my head on something and that's why I fainted.
-I don't remember anymore... (man) Hey!
What's going on here?
My friend called me and told me that they won't let him in the parking lot.
Ah, I'm very sorry, but at the moment the parking lot is closed.
What?
And may I ask why it's closed?
Just for a little tap of nothing they close it?
Why do we have to pay the just for sinners?
It is the fault of those who were driving the cars, not ours!
But there was no one in the seat of the car that was hit from behind.
Hey, what's all this?!
I forgot my purse in the car.
What happened to it?
How come it's dented and it's smoking?
-Is this your car? -Yes, it's almost new, it's not even a year old.
Who did this to my car?
No, wait!
Oh, my God!
But the airbag went off and everything!

No, please don't.
You can't touch it, the car.
(Yumi) Let's review what we know so far.
Agent Chiba and the new agent were investigating the attack of the cars
in this parking lot when they heard a very loud bang
and rushed here to see what was going on.
When they arrived, they found Mr. Fukuchi unconscious.
They looked in the car that had hit him from behind,
but there was no one in the driver's seat.
Finally, the word "fuck you!
which had already appeared on all the other cars attacked,
was also written on the windshield of this one in red paint.
Well, this means that there is someone?
who has decided to take the car without the owner's permission.
Someone who has broken into the car by picking the lock,
as evidenced by these scratches on the door.
Someone who has forgotten to remove the key from the ignition.
Surely it must be the spare key
that I leave hidden in the sun visor of the driver's seat.
Who would think of hiding the key here?
It's the first place car thieves look.
-Here and on the davant's bumper. Wow, I see you know a lot about this.
Oh, no, no.
I know because I saw it in a movie.
And you didn't get in the face of the driver who bit you from behind?
No.
I lost consciousness so I got out of the car.
I didn't see anything.
We hope that the security camera
recorded everything and we can see the driver.
I don't think so, they told me they were doing maintenance.
Don't worry, that's why, eh?
No one came in or out.
When we arrived at the parking lot,
I asked the guard at the gate
not to let anyone in from the supermarket entrance.
Besides, Dr. Agasa and Ay are standing guard outside...
to make sure that no one goes out.
Therefore, I believe...
that the person who attacked the cars
is still in here, in the parking lot.
"Isn't that right, Ai?" Yes.
No one has left the parking lot since you came in.
Needless to say, no one has come in either.
I mean, if the police searching the parking lot...
don't find anyone else hiding out there,
the person who damaged the cars can only be... one of you three.
One... one of us?
I remind you that I am a victim, that I have been stung from behind.
And what am I?
I am also a victim, my car has been smashed!
I don't get it.
When someone breaks into a car, he wants to go unnoticed...
and they do it inconspicuously, without drawing attention to themselves.
So what's the point of hitting the car in front once?
I don't know, maybe, after the graffiti has been painted on the car,
he found the key by chance and decided to steal it,
but he got nervous and hit Mr. Fukuchi's car,
who was maneuvering to get out.
No, I don't think he wanted to steal anything.
He just wanted to paint the word "fuck you" on the windshield.
If he had been a thief, I'm sure he would have taken the purse.
Besides, to get out he would have needed the parking ticket, wouldn't he?
How the hell should I know?
Ask the person who took the car, not me!
By the way, you two haven't seen anyone suspicious around here?
Not really, no.
And what did you do, in the 30 minutes that you were missing?
It was just the two of you, wasn't it?
I'm sure you've had plenty of time to talk.
What?
Talk about what?
I was just here with her to look around the parking lot!
She proposed that we look at all the cars
in case there were any that had been painted or damaged.
She says "she."
It hasn't occurred to you to ask her what her name is yet, eh?
That's right.
-I haven't asked you. -No, you haven't.
I-I'm called... Hey, hey, hey, hey!
One question, officer.
Does the person who writes the word "fuck you" on the cars,
does he do it randomly or does he follow a pattern?
Huh? (chuckles)
I don't know.
Until now, he's always written it on the roof.
This is the first time he has written it on the windshield.
So it couldn't be someone else who copied it?
No, Conan, it can't be a copycat.
First, because we found a spray paint under the seat...
of the same brand as the one used on the other cars,

and second, because the word "fuck you" has not been made public, yet.
Ah...
Come, I have to tell you something.
Eh?
Ah!
You're ruining our investigation.
You have to be more careful what you say!
Yeah, a little eyesight, home.
Eh?
I don't get it.
How come Mrs. Shigeo's car is painted?
There's nothing on the car that would give her away
as a freak in these movies.
A geek?
No, we meant buying dolls and figurines of the movies.
And why should I buy dolls and figurines, may I ask?
If you are looking for dolls and figurines, there is a pile in that car.
Yes, look how many!
The car is full of rag dolls.
They are scattered all over the back of the car.
They have been left like that because of the blow the other one gave me.
My daughter always keeps them well placed
so that people can look at them and appreciate them.
"There's something I don't quite understand."
"If this was done by the same person,
how come he attacked this car?"
Whatever did it, he even changed the location of the message.
"If he rammed it from behind with the intention of smashing it up,
it will be because, in some way, this car bothered him."
"Eh? The back seat is discolored from the sun."
"And if that's why he decided to attack the car?"
(Yumi) Well, according to what we know so far,
and after a very thorough investigation,
we can say that there are only 3 suspects.
And these suspects are you 3. One of you is the culprit.
-What are you saying? -I was hit from behind.
I do not understand how you can consider one of the suspects!
No?
Well, it's obvious.
He may have crashed his car expressly,
and made it look like he'd fainted to present himself as a victim.
Come, please let me go.
My wife and daughter are waiting for me at home.
And you think I have nothing to do?
I have to make dinner for my husband.
And I have to go home right away, my parents will be angry with me.
Don't tell me your parents still scold you.
Yes, they do.
Think of my parents as schoolteachers.
They are schoolteachers
and they haven't told you about this crappy spoiler you have on your car?
How is it possible that they let you put it on?!
It's that... they don't know that I put it on.
By the way, if I remember correctly,
the third car they attacked also had a spoiler.
Yes.
But on the other hand, on your car, now they have not done anything to it, right?
How is it?
How should I know?
I guess that the wing of your car is much more spectacular,
and it is much higher.
Well, taking this into account,
if we could check the other cars that have attacked,
maybe we could find out more.
I can show pictures of the cars taken from other angles.
I have them in the patrol car that's parked on the street.
-Oh, I'll get them myself. Thank you very much.
Chiba, don't you think I should go with her, too, you?
I do?
Why should I?
If there are a lot of photos, you'll need someone to help you carry them.
Yes, men should be gallant and help women.
-Go, go, go.
Go help her. Come on, go.
Help her.
Be gallant.
Ah!
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
That they are each other's first love
and that you're still in love, it's... it's true?
Of course, it is!
Ow, I'm leaving.
I have to stop it.
How come... you don't remember?
-No, I know, it happens. -Ah... Yeah, I guess so.
"This person
who wants to open the eyes of those who have closed them is the guilty one."
Don't miss the next episode:
"An investigation with the first love (part two)."

