(Shinichi voice) "The case of the red spray."
"It's as Yumi, from the city's Traffic Dept,
called the attacks on a number of cars."
"The perpetrator of the attacks has broken in by picking the lock,
and then wrote the word 'fuck you' on the roof."
"Agent Chiba's car was also attacked," he said,
"And that's why he decided to call Yumi,
"who showed up with a new police officer, Naeko Miike,
"who had been Chiba's first love...
when they were in elementary school."
"We have met the girl so that, at Teitan elementary school,
once we saw a video of agent Chiba where she was in it."
"Anyway, in Chiba she doesn't seem to realize
That the agent now in front of her was her first love."
"That's why I've come up with a plan.
"To have Agent Chiba and Naeko Miike, the new agent,
investigate the car attacks as a team."
"We thought that, if they worked together,
he would eventually recognize her."
"But while they were investigating in a subway parking lot,
there was a collision between two cars."
"On one of the vehicles involved in the collision.
"The word 'fuck you' has also appeared in red paint,
but this time on the windshield."
"This was done by the same person who attacked the other cars?"
"When the collision took place,
"There were three people in the parking lot:
"The driver of the car that was hit from the rear,
"Mr. Akitoshi Fukuchi, an office worker;
"Mrs. Noriko Shigeo,
"housewife and owner of the car that caused the collision;
"And a man who was waiting for a friend and part-time job,
at Takeo Nawa."
"The person who damaged the cars and who caused the collision
must be one of these three."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"A scoundrel and a first love: two unfinished business, Agent Chiba."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"An investigation with the first love (part two)."
(Yumi) According to what we know so far,
and after a very thorough investigation..,
we can say that there are only three suspects.
These suspects are you three, one of you is the culprit.
-What are you saying? -I have been hit from behind.
I don't understand how you can consider one of the suspects!
No?
Well, it's obvious.
He may have crashed his car expressly,
and then made it look like he'd fainted
to present himself as a victim.
Come, please let me go.
My wife and daughter are waiting for me at home.
And you think I have nothing to do?
I have to prepare dinner for the husband!
And I have to go home right away, otherwise the parents will be angry with me.
Don't tell me the parents still scold you.
Yes, they do.
Think that my parents are school teachers.
They're schoolteachers and they haven't told you anything...
about this crappy spoiler you put on your car?
How is it possible that they let you put it on?!
It's that... they don't know that I have put it on.
By the way, if I remember correctly,
the third car they attacked also had a spoiler.
Yes.
But on the other hand, on your car, they haven't done anything to it now, have they?
How is it? How should I know!
I guess because your wing is much more spectacular,
and it's much taller.
Well, taking this into account, mm....,
if we could check the other cars that have attacked,
maybe we could find out more.
I can show pictures of the cars from other angles.

I have them in the patrol car parked in the street.
-Ah, I'll get them myself. Thank you very much!
Chiba, don't you think I should go with her, you?
I do?
Why should I?
If there are many photos, you'll need someone to help you carry them.
Yes, men should be gallant and help women.
-Come on, come on, come on. -Go help her.
Aaah!
What are you doing?
You look like two characters in a romantic comedy.
Oh, here you go.
-What are you waiting for?
Go get the pictures. Yeah...
I hope you don't want to take advantage of the new girl.
A-taking advantage of me?
I don't know, I think it would be better to tell the story to Yumi.
Yes, she's right.
What a world...!
What?!
That they are each other's first love and that they are in love,
but that in Chiba he hasn't recognized her and doesn't know it's her?!
-It's-it's true? -Of course, yes!
(He thinks) "Wait a minute..."
"First the Miwako and inspector Takagi;
"Then Inspector Shiratori and Miss Kobayashi;
"And now...,
if all goes well, these two will also end up together...!"
Goodbye, Yumi!
Bye, I'll see you later.
Au, I'm leaving.
I... I have to stop it.
(Think) "It's true that there are many photos from different angles,
"But I don't find that the attacked cars have anything in common,
including mine."
"Maybe it has something to do with the miles driven?"
"What did it read, the odometer on my car?"
I don't understand, how come... you don't remember?
-I don't know, it's just something that happens.
(Thinking) "That's strange, I thought I thought about this mileage thing,
not that I'd said it out loud."
(Think) "What an ass...!"
Come on, show the pictures to Conan at once, man!
Maybe he'll come up with something, he always has great ideas.
Yumi is determined to prevent anything from happening between them.
Well, it seems to me that it will have the opposite effect.
(Shinichi, thinks) "No doubt about it."
"The spoiler of the car they attacked first
is much lower than the one on Nawa."
"Then why did they attack it?"
(Conan voice) Hey, Yumi, look.
This is the second car they attacked, right?
Yes, from the man who was returning home after playing golf.
He's carrying a lot of golf bags, in the car, isn't he?
Yes.
It looks like he was also carrying his friends' golf bags.
(Shinichi: thinks) "Wait a minute!"
"What if it turns out...?"
(Conan voice) "Yumi, do you know if there have been any traffic accidents...?
with a child involved, lately?
Yes, about a month ago.
The vehicle that caused the accident belonged to a school teacher.
The driver accepted responsibility,
and in the end everything was settled by an amicable agreement.
Do you remember what kind of car it was? Yes, a van.
Apparently, the whole family was going swimming at the beach.
"The car was full of floats, beach balls,
inflatable canoes and a lot of similar objects."
(Shinichi, thinks) "I've got it."
"The person who wants to open the eyes of those who have them closed?
is the culprit!"
(Yumi) Very good, Conan....
You've figured it out, looking at these pictures, huh?
(Yumi) What?
What should I find out? Oh!
Well, the person who, after spray-painting with a red spray paint...
the word "fuck you" on the windshield of the car,
picked it up to try to get away, but couldn't..,
because he crashed into the car in front of him..,
which at that moment was maneuvering to get out of the parking lot.
But since no one was able to get out after the collision,
the only ones who could have caused the accident are:
Mr. Fukuchi,
who says it was the car when he was hit from behind;
Mrs. Shigeo, the owner of the car that was painted and stolen,
and who rammed Mr. Fukuchi's car from behind;
and Mr. Nawa, who claims he was just here waiting for a friend.
Well, tell me, which of the three is guilty of causing the collision?
I'm sorry, even if you ask me, I have no idea.
I'm just a kid, ho.
Don't fool me!
Woe to you if you know and don't want to tell me!
Aw, easy, Yumi.
Yumi, the supermarket is calling.

They ask again if we can let customers into the parking lot.
There will be no choice.
Tell them yes.
-Can we go home now, then? -No way.
You three are still suspects.
I could do something, Yumi.
Why don't you take all three of them to the police station?
Once there, you can ask them for their names and addresses,
and question them about why they were here.
I'm sure you'll have all the time in the world there.
And you, Agent Chiba, as you have also had your car broken into and painted,
you can pass the information on to the new police officer, can't you?
-Good idea. Young people should work with young people.
-Yes, good thinking. I agree.
-Mm-hm! -All right.
It's my day off.
I'm at your disposal.
Well..., I'll go ahead, sure.
No way!
If I'm not mistaken, you're from the Criminal Investigation Department.
-Your job is assassinations. You asked me to help you before!
-Before it was before, and now it's ara. What?!
Yumi is getting in the way again.
Call the supermarket and tell them they can open the parking lot now.
Yes.
And you, Chiba, go home.
You're just in the way here.
I'm in the way?
Chiba, do you have any friends who make stickers...
who can decorate a car in the "ita" style?
Do you?
Yes, I know someone.
How long would it take, printing a sticker to decorate a car?
Man, if it's just a sticker, and on one side only,
I'm guessing it won't take long.
I don't know, about two or three hours.
I have an idea.
-Mm? -What idea?
-Hey, I want to know, too. So do I.
Hey, what are you talking about?
Yes, they can let the customers in.
But inside the parking lot they won't be able to pass by the accident site,
they'll have to go around.
That's it.
I have already informed the supermarket, now.
Well, then, if you'd be so kind as to accompany me to the police station,
I'll take your statements one by one.
I suppose we'll be there for two or three hours.
That should be enough.
Hey, Takagi, have you seen my car key anywhere?
Ah, the car key?
Yumi took it from you a while ago.
She took my key?!
Yes, he said he wanted to decorate your car.
That he wanted to decorate?
No, it can't be!
He wanted me to stick some ridiculous sticker, like the other time.
A sticker?
Yes, like the ones used by those who just got their license,
but it said: "Warning! Beginner of love at the wheel".
The worst thing is that I didn't see it on the car,
and the other day I went to investigate a case with the sticker.
-What an embarrassment I was! -Come on, don't worry.
If it's one of those that beginner drivers carry,
it's okay.
They're magnetized and can be removed very easily.
(Naeko) Stop!
That's it!
You'd better not paint it or Miwako will be very angry with me.
We finally figured out what they had in common,
the cars he attacked, and why he attacked them.
The first one was an "ita" car.
The second, the one carrying the golf bags.
The third, the car with the spoiler,
and the fourth, the one with the boxes of figurines.
And right now, decorated as if it were an "ita" car.
In fact, both this car and all the previous ones,
had the rear glass covered, and this prevented visibility.
That's why he didn't attack Mr. Nawa's tuned car, right?
"It has a very spectacular spoiler, but it's so high,
it doesn't impede visibility through the rearview mirror."
"On the other hand, the dummies that Mr. Fukuchi had behind him...
did impede his visibility."
"He stepped in front of you when you were about to get out.
"And when he realized he couldn't see anything in the rearview mirror..,
he got so angry that he rammed you with his car."
Isn't that right, Mrs. Noriko Shigeo?
With the collision, he must have lost consciousness,
but then, when he regained it...,
"...so that you wouldn't be suspected,
she decided to write 'drop dead' on the windshield of her car."
I was sure we would think that the perpetrator of the attacks would not be able to damage his own car.
would not be capable of damaging his own car.
Did I get something wrong?
(Police: sirens)
There is no escape anywhere!

Earlier, while she was being questioned at the police station,
we placed patrol cars all over the area to cordon it off.
In fact..., we are near her house, on the street leading to the station.
We thought that, when you saw this decorated car,
I would go to your house to get the spray
and the necessary tools to open the car,
and that he would come back here.
This car, as we have made it serve as a trap to catch her,
we will overlook it and disregard it;
as for the others, I trust... that she will confess everything.
You did it for your son, who was run over a month ago, didn't you?
A fatal accident due to carelessness.
"The rear window was full of floats and inflatable boats...
that impeded visibility in the rearview mirror."
"Unfortunately, when the driver of the van backed up,
he didn't see the stroller and ran over his son."
So, he made the decision to target every car
he came across with the rear window covered.
"And write the word 'fuck you' in red, as if it were a punishment."
Aaah!
It's a really difficult case, and very sad.
A poor mother...
sees her son die, and, driven by rage,
she becomes a delinquent.
Yes.
The regulations about visibility in the windows...
is not very clear, and there is no law regulating it.
But, Conan, say, how did you know, you,
that Mrs. Shigeo had a son and that he had died?
From the faded part of the back seat of her car.
When I saw the car in the parking lot, I thought...
there must have been a child seat there at some point.
The car was not even a year old, therefore,
if there was still the mark of the child seat,
it meant that it hadn't been taken out for a long time.
Yes, but it could be that it had been removed so that the child had grown up.
If the child needed the car seat when he bought the car,
it couldn't have been very big.
And it was obvious that she no longer had a child, because,
when they told her that they wanted to question her,
she didn't call him at any time.
No, it's true, I remember she said....
And she thinks I have nothing to do?
I have to prepare dinner for my husband!
She was only worried about her husband's dinner, not her son.
Instead, the man said that her daughter was waiting for her at home.
Of course, that's why the woman got so angry with me...
when I asked her if the car had dolls or figurines in it.
Mm-hm.
Because I didn't need to buy these things anymore.
But how did you know, that that man...
had all those rag dolls covering his back window?
(Ayumi) It's true!
They were scattered all over the seat, but they didn't cover the glass.
Because that man said:
"My daughter always has them on very well,
so that people can look at them.
The only way to do that is to put them behind the seat,
right next to the glass, covering it.
I get it: when she saw that, she got very angry....
and rammed her car into Mr. Fukuchi's car.
I'm sure she would have wanted to write the word "fuck you" on the car,
but she couldn't do it because he was there.
Of course.
"She couldn't write 'fuck you' inside the car,
but I could increase the visibility through the glass."
By dropping all the rag dolls in the back seat.
But how come he painted the windshield and not the roof?
It's weird, isn't it?
Until then, "fuck you" was always painted on the roof of the car.
For lipstick.
The impact has sunk his face against the airbag of the steering wheel,
and stained it red.
To disguise it, he painted the word "fuck you" on top.
"He made it look like the lipstick smear was part of 'fuck you.
was part of 'fuck you'."
But, apart from the lipstick,
the airbag was also left with his saliva.
With a DNA test we would have been able to find out just as well that she had done it.
So there would have been no need to set him up.
Yes, I think we did the right thing.
We could not let this woman continue attacking cars and committing such useless actions.
and committing such useless and illegal actions.
-Hey, Yumi!
I'm going home, huh? -Okay.
Maybe we'll have to go over your statement later.
Good bye.

Anyway, I have to tell Miwako that I have taken the car.
-Goodbye, Agent Chiba! Good-bye!
-Anyway, let's finish the job.
En-Eh?
Among other things, I still have to go to the police station...
to return the car to Miwako.
Can you do me a favor and take the patrol car?
Yes, of course I can.
And while you're at it, you could take it home to Chiba.
Yes!
It's strange, I have the feeling as if I was detained.
I'm a little nervous.
I've never been in such a small car before.
-Ah... ah, no? -It's funny.
It's like it's not the first time we've... met, you and me.
Maybe I've got the wrong person, but...
is it possible that you are...?
Yes?
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
Is it possible that you are...
Yes?
...the officer who gave me a parking ticket in Haido a few months ago?
Yes.
I was transferred here just a month ago.
I knew it!
I knew he knew you from somewhere.
"(Laughs) Sure!"
(Conan voice) As usual, Agent Chiba totally clueless.
-What?! - It can't be!
And Yumi couldn't have made it any easier for him.
No!
You can't give anything to someone who doesn't know how to appreciate it.
Au, au..., in this case, we could say that love is blind.
Eh?
It can't be!
What is this?
What have you done to him?!
Please don't be angry.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri is a very nice person.
Hello!
Oh.
But... Who are you? Eh?
Don't suffer.
We'll solve this case quickly.
The famous detective Kogoro Mouri has come to help us today.
-Eh? - (Shinichi: chuckles)
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Kogoro is good person (part one)'."

