What?
That tonight you'll be late and you don't need me to make you dinner?
But yesterday you told me the same thing, and two days ago too.
(Kogoro) "I'm sorry. It's just that I have something urgent on my hands."
What are you going to do about the customer who told you to find him his first love?
I thought you two met tonight.
Shut up!
Can't you see that this case is not worthy of the famous detective Mouri!
Call him and tell him we still have nothing!
"And don't forget to lock the door, did you hear me?"
(They hang up)
Hey!
Father, don't hang up!
How strong!
I do not understand, lately always comes home late.
I think he must have fallen in love.
What?
Hey, if he is investigating a matter of horns,
it's normal for him to work all night.
Well, I think he spends his evenings at the brewery
that just opened in the mall.
What a ?
These mornings I've noticed
that his toothbrush is full of little pieces of seaweed,
and this place is famous for fried noodles with seaweed.
When she comes back we are already in bed, and she tries not to make any noise....
because she doesn't get booed because she comes home drunk.
You mean that she leaves work and her family behind
to go to drink beer every night at the place
Yes, but he shouldn't go alone, he should go with his friends.
"The famous detective"?
"The famous Sleeping Kogoro"?
And a black lamb, this man is good for nothing!
You are wrong.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri is a very good person.
Eh?
And a simple high school student has no right to insult him.
A simple student?
Madam, I am Kogoro Mouri's daughter.
Daughter?
Are you really Kogoro Mouri's daughter?
Yes.
My name is Ran Mouri.
There's something your father hasn't explained to you.
Almost every week, he comes to see me at my house,
and helps me solve cases without charging a penny.
What?
The father doesn't charge you? (He thinks) "I don't believe it!"
Now that's a good person.
And what kind of cases does she help you solve?
Easy things, like finding lost objects.
If you want, come along and see for yourself.
Tonight, in Kogoro Mouri will come home.
Ah, okay.
Eh?
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"An impostor impersonates Kogoro and death makes its appearance."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"In Kogoro is a good person (first part)."
Ah, you are the owner of an apartment building?
Yes, that's right.
It's the building next door.
My husband, our son and my young man are dead.
I only have one clean one left, who doesn't want to take on this responsibility.
I'll probably sell the building.
Eh... Yes, it's normal.
Kogoro really likes the okonomiyaki I make for him.
And besides, he always repeats.
Thank you very much for inviting us, madam.
"Does this mean that the seaweed in the toothbrush
is the okonomiyaki?"
What a surprise, right?
I wouldn't have guessed that, that the father helps the older people in the neighborhood.
"Me neither. And I don't quite believe it."
- (door: doorbell) -Ah!
I think it's him.
Ah.
I'm going to open the door and surprise him.
Hello!
(doorbell rings) Oh.
Oh.
Huh? (Laughs)
But who are you? I... I'm asking you the same thing.
Welcome, Kogoro.
By chance, I met your daughter today and took her home.
What's that?
Kogoro? (Thinking) "My daughter?"
You're wrong, madam.
This man is...
Aah! Au!
XXT!
(Thinking) What?
That this lady's cleaner asked you for a favor?
Hm?
All right, I want you to tell me what relationship you have with the cleaner.

We are... we are sweethearts, and we go to class together at Tokyo University.
Three months ago, a burglar appeared in the neighborhood and robbed houses,
and grandma was so scared that she couldn't sleep.
I installed two locks for her, and taught her protection techniques.
Yes, but in order to help this grandmother...
it wasn't necessary for you to pretend to be my father.
My girlfriend said it would be more convincing.
It turns out that her grandmother had already sent a letter to Mr. Mouri.
The thief, he was caught last month.
How come he kept coming back?
Grandma asked me
to help her with some calls that seemed very strange to her.
And now I come to do little favors for people, such as looking for lost cats.
Well, I smell that you are pretending to be Kogoro Mouri
because you want to swindle this poor lady.
No, never! I doubt it.
If I had bad intentions,
I would have fled after seeing you, the detective's daughter.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri has many friends in the police force.
I beg you, don't give me away.
If Grandma finds out that I am an impostor, it will be a big blow.
I promise I won't come again.
Oh, geez.
All right, have you finished talking to your daughter?
Yes.
When I saw it, I assure you I was shocked.
Ha-ha!
Then you can start solving this week's case.
Yes!
Ran, daughter, pay attention and watch how your father works.
I'm sorry.
"This means that the real Kogoro Mouri must be..."
(Woman) Come on!
Yes, come on!
Long live the beer!
Ha-ha-ha!!!
Ha-ha-ha!!!
(Man) Zapping?
When you say "zapping" do you mean changing channels
with the TV remote control?
Yes.
Last night I was watching TV
and the channels started changing by themselves.
It must be...
What do you call it, this thing?
I think it's... a "parathermal" phenomenon.
"Paratermal"?
Ah, yes, paranormal.
Yeah, that's it.
I thought it was a ghost
and I got so scared I called Kogoro.
Do you know what it was, that?
Man, I don't know, but since her husband died last year...
We all know that ghosts don't exist.
They only appear in manga, movies and novels.
No? Ah...
Yes, they do.
Th-that's why it wasn't a ghost.
Maybe it was...
Hey, Conan, can you give him a hand?
You know what happened to him, don't you?
You think I should tell him?
He doesn't really seem like a bad person.
Mm... Mmm...
I feel a little sorry for him.
"Okay, I'll help him."
Ma'am.
Where were you watching, the TV?
In this room?
Yes.
In this room.
And you always have this mountain of books on the table?
Yes, always.
When I have a doubt, I always go to the books for the answer.
The TV remote control, maybe it's buried under here.
Yes, maybe.
Yesterday I didn't find it.
(TV: man) "Goal of Higo!"
"Osaka's best player!" How loud.
It has been turned on.
Last night, the TV remote...
was buried under the books.
They had to press the button to change the channels,
and for this reason, it seemed that the TV was zapping by itself.
What do you think, am I right, Mr. Mouri?
Ah.
Yes.
Yes, you are absolutely right.
Thank you very much, Kogoro.
There, mystery solved.
Ah.
You're welcome, but now, I'll clean up these books, or it'll happen again.
If he's such a good person, we'll have to forgive him, won't we?
Yes.
I guess we will.
Yes.
Ha-ha-ha!
"Yeah, this thing he's done isn't that bad."
Aaaah !!!!
He looks dead to me.
No!
No, he can't be!
(Man) An ambulance!
No, call the police!
(man) What?
They're in the building next door.
But what are you saying?
It's my building!
Conan! What?
"The door's been busted in."
"This is..."
"The key to the apartment?"
Hey, hey, hey!
Why did they bust the door? This child, where did he come from?
Answer the question.
This man's name is Denkawa and his alarm clock had been ringing for a long time.
We stood in front of the door and asked him many times to stop.
When he didn't answer, we finally had to smash the door.
Yesterday afternoon the same thing happened to us.
Yesterday the same thing happened to you?

Suddenly, he turned the TV on full blast.
-And on top of that, he kept zapping. Yes, it was unbearable.
"Za-zapping."
Yesterday afternoon,
we also knocked on the door and he finally turned off the TV.
The key to the apartment is next to the corpse,
and in his hand, he's holding a kitchen knife.
So maybe he committed suicide by cutting his own throat.
"No, it was a homicide."
"And besides, the murderer...
is one of those three people."
-Now, all this is a matter for the police. Don't worry.
-We'll solve this case very quickly.
In-The landlady!
Today, the famous detective Kogoro Mouri came to help us.
What? Ah...
Aaaah...
"Oops, oops, oops."
(Sato) The victim's name was Gensuke Denkawa, and he was 44 years old.
He had lived in this building for 10 years,
and he was a construction worker.
-Is this correct? -Yes.
My late husband would have been able to give you much more information,
because, 10 years ago, I wasn't in charge of the building yet.
When my husband died,
I inherited it and I've only been in charge of it for a year.
Is it true, what they said?
Mr. Denkawa's alarm clock has started ringing,
and the residents of the building, Miss Bannai,
Mr. Ishigame and Mr. Hyodo,
came knocking on his door and finally smashed it to pieces?
Yes, we knocked on the door a lot of times but it wouldn't open.
And we had no choice but to gut it.
And when we entered the apartment, it was too late.
And this child suddenly appeared and came in.
I was at the landlady's house,
and through the window I saw them making a fuss, and I came running.
You saw them through the window?
Yes.
The landlady's house is right next to this building.
Conan, what were you doing at this lady's house?
Ah, we met today, and she invited us to her house.
-Huh? -Well? -Well.
Conan and Ran, we know what you do here.
Let's see, and who are you?
Ah... I... I'm just...
You are policemen and you don't know the famous detective Kogoro Mouri?
Of course we know him.
Come on, you tell him, you're his daughter.
Ah...
Ah... About that... Thank you for taking such good care of my father!
Eh?
What does this mean?
I get it.
This lady's cleanliness has asked her boyfriend
to take care of her grandmother, who lives alone.
And the boyfriend, who is this young man with the fake mustache,
is pretending to be Detective Kogoro Mouri.
I beg you, Sato.
Don't say anything to the lady,
if she realizes he's an impostor, she'll be very sad.
As long as it doesn't interfere with the investigation, we'll turn a blind eye.
Thank you very much indeed.
(Thinking) "If she finds out in Megure, we're already lost."
All right, back to the thread.
Bursting a door because of the noise of an alarm clock,
don't you think that's making a big dough?
How about it, Detective Mouri?
Ah... Oh... Ah... Yes.
Raya, you say?
Once, in Denkawa he gutted the door on me.
He left me a note saying that he had ripped out my line
because my phone wouldn't stop ringing.
Well, one time he...
he taped the outside of my door shut with duct tape,
and I couldn't leave the house!
When I found out it was him,
I asked him why he had done it,
and he told me that my house smelled.
-Pudor? -Yes, he was frying fish!
But that doesn't justify what he did.
Well, he broke my window.
He took revenge so that, once, my grandson came to see me...
and unintentionally broke his window with a baseball.
And all this, you told the landlady?
Yes.
In fact, to her husband.
I wanted you to negotiate that we were all partly to blame.
Things calmed down and there were no further incidents.
Ah, until yesterday when she turned the TV on full blast.
She turned on the TV,
turned it up to full volume and started zapping on top of it.
The noise was unbearable,
and we neighbors came to his door to demand that he turn down the volume.
And he did?
Mr. Denkawa turned down the volume?
Denkawa turned down the volume?
-Yes. Yes, he turned off the TV.
But he didn't tell us anything.
And you, why do you think he turned it up so loud, the TV?
No idea.
Maybe he thought we were no longer in the building.
Actually, the three of us were getting ready to leave together.

-Do the three of us want to go out together? -Yes, exactly.
A friend's parents have an inn at the Izu hot springs,
and they made us an offer to spend the night.
You three seem to be getting along well, you three.
Well, what brought us together was our feud with Denkawa.
We wanted to find a way to make it out of the building.
And to the hot springs, we talked.
And when we got back, a little while ago,
we felt that his alarm clock kept ringing.
First I went to leave things at home, but the noise wouldn't stop.
So the three of us came and complained again.
Then they broke down the door and found the body of the neighbor.
What time did you leave, to go to the baths?
Well, around 6:00 p.m.
Where are the other tenants of the building?
There are only us.
The others were fed up with Denkawa and left.
Very well, then.
When the three of you left,
the only person left in the building was the victim.
According to what the coroner told us,
the estimated time of death is yesterday between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m.
Yes.
And according to the testimony of the 3 neighbors,
Denkawa was still alive at 6pm.
The key to the apartment is found next to the body
and he has a blood-stained knife in his hand.
From all this, we can come to the conclusion?
that the victim has slit his own throat between 6 and 7 o'clock.
Yes.
We haven't found any notes, but everything points to suicide.
I don't think it was suicide.
Maybe what killed him is the god of death.
See this key.
It's on top of the blood, but it's not stained at all.
(Sato) No, it's true.
Perhaps when they have entered in the apartment,
someone touched it with his foot and sent it in the middle of the bloodstain.
Yes, but, when I entered, I touched the key with my finger...
and I noticed that it was still a little warm.
What's that?
I think the god of death has killed this man...
and, just when he wanted to take him away,
these three neighbors showed up and broke down the door.
And with the shock, the god of death...
dropped the key in the middle of the dried blood stain.
Wow.
I don't get it.
The god of death has cold hands,
how come the key was a little warm?
Probably, someone had the key hidden in his hand,
and when he entered the apartment,
he dropped it without the others noticing,
because it looked like the door was locked from the inside.
When the door was broken in, one of the three of you had the key in his hand.
The murderer cut the throat of Denkawa and locked the door.
And he thought it would provide the perfect alibi.
Hey, wait a minute!
And what about the TV, which was on at full volume in the afternoon,
just before we left?
We checked that the noise was coming from this apartment.
Maybe he recorded some program
and programmed it to come on at a specific time.
It couldn't be, because the first thing we heard...
was yesterday's 6 o'clock news,
and the announcer said the day and the time;
and he changed the channel at every moment.
So, maybe he used the recording function of the television.
Nowadays we can program it
to turn on when we want to watch a particular program,
and if more than one device is used, it would sound like someone was zapping.
Yes, but you can't do that here, right?
Because in this room there is only one TV.
And there is no device that can be programmed.
"Here, the only thing there is is an alarm clock next to the bed,
and two fans."
One of the fans is lying on the floor.
Yes, that's right, I put it down.
When I entered the apartment,
the first thing I did was turn off the alarm clock.
But there was little light in the room.
And I tripped over the corpse's feet
and I scratched my elbow.
And when I pulled the cord to turn on the lamp, I saw that the room was already like that,
I saw that the room was already like this.
But why did I need two fans in the room?
Some people are very hot.
One is to cool down, and the other is to ventilate the room.
"Kamen Yaiba!"
Ah!
It's too hot!
The TV can be programmed to turn itself on,
but not for zapping.
"How strange."

"The room is pretty tidy,
"But someone's gone into the clothesline and left it on the floor,
and there are also clothespins scattered around."
"This advertising sheet also looks suspicious."
"And if there's only one TV in the room, why does it have two remotes?"
"This is a universal remote."
"Maybe he lost the original,
bought another remote and then found it again?"
"Eh? There's blood on the side of the remote."
"And it's kind of scratched."
"I get it. Exactly."
"The killer is one of the three neighbors who found the body."
"This person has planned the perfect crime
and wants us to believe that he committed suicide in Denkawa."
"But he's not fooling me."
"Whoever he is, I will find out who the murderer is."
("Overwrite," Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
"How strong! Your cleaner is married!"
"Who is this imposter?"
What we need to do is to rely on a professional detective,
and let Kogoro Mouri solve the case.
(Male voice) I, in Kogoro Mouri, will reveal the truth of this case.
Please be quiet.
"Don't worry, because the real Sleeping Kogoro is here."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'In Kogoro is good person (part two)'."

