"That Mr. Mouri works for free to help an old woman?"
"Mrs. Takae Kiritani
is the owner of an apartment building."
"According to her, in Kogoro he visits her every week?
"To help her with the little problems
she or her neighbors in the neighborhood encounter."
"La Ran and I can't quite believe it,
and the old woman invites us to her house to wait for him."
"But the man who appears at her door is named Ryohei Onda,
and he is an impostor."
"Mr. Onda's girlfriend, Mrs. Kiritani's cleaner," she said,
"has asked him to take care of her grandmother,
and to win her over, he's impersonating the famous detective."
"The impostor case is already solved,
but the real case is about to begin."
"Suddenly, we hear screaming in the building next door."
"We run over there,
and found the throat-slit corpse of Gensuke Denkawa, one of the tenants."
"The screams we heard were coming from the other tenants in the building
when they found the body."
"The victim died yesterday afternoon."
"At first, it looks like a suicide,
but in fact... it is a murder."
"And furthermore,
the murderer is one of the three people who found the body."
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"The fake Kogoro makes impeccable deductions,
and the case of the god of death is solved."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"In Kogoro is a good person (second part)."
Inspector, that's enough!
Can we leave?
We know that in Denkawa he was alive,
because if not, I wouldn't have been able to change the channel.
And it's time to let us go back to our apartments.
Yes, but we still haven't found the key to the mystery that...
What about me?
Listen, we have just returned from the hot springs and we are very tired!
This can't be right!
Enough, it's like a cricket pot in here!
You should know by now that interrupting someone who wants to tell us something
is very bad manners.
If you want to say something, wait for the other person to finish talking.
Come on, let's go!
Make way.
You guys are cops, right?
Well, if you've got a detective right under your nose,
why don't you ask him for his opinion?
Of course...
This selfish attitude will get you nowhere.
Mother, wait a minute... Eh?
Mother? Mm?
No!
I mean grandmother.
(Flux) I just haven't finished tying up all the loose ends yet.
Ran, this lady talks really loud, right?
Yes.
There are many grandparents who talk like that.
This is because many times old people go deaf.
But this lady hears very well, she doesn't have any hearing problem.
Yes, that's true.
But they say that grandparents who want to sound younger,
usually speak louder than usual.
-That's right.
I think it's her cell phone.
(Mobile)
(mobile) Tell me?
Tell me?
That strange, nobody answers.
Maybe it's a message.
Can I see it?
You have it.
Wow, you know a lot, you.
My neta taught me how all these buttons work,
but now I don't even remember half of them.
If I had learned it when I was young,
he would remember how he remembers the piano keys.
It's true.
Piano?
(Think) "A message from her cleaner."
(Think) "How strong!"
" '... for my husband's work..."
"Your maid is married!"
"And she has a child, and she sure doesn't go to college."
"So, this man can't be your cleaner's boyfriend,
and everything he's told us is a lie."
"Who is this imposter?"
You have a message from your neta.
Oh, yeah?
From my limpia?
"Your clean?"
A question.

Do you remember what time it happened,
that zapping incident you told us about earlier?
Well... late in the afternoon.
And you said that the channels started to change by themselves,
and they stopped and then changed back on their own?
Yes, that's just what happened.
I thought it was something bad coming from outside,
especially since, when I closed the curtains, it stopped.
"Just what I thought. I know how he did it."
"And the culprit is one of these three people."
"I still can't prove it."
"But if I'm not mistaken, he's got the incriminating evidence on him."
Oh... Well, I don't think we're going to get anywhere.
-What we have to do is... -MHM?
rely on a professional detective,
and let Kogoro Mouri solve the case.
-I think that's very good. -Yes, that's right.
What?
Why not?
Let's let Kogoro Mouri solve the case.
Aaah... No.
No, no...
Come on, let him solve it, the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
If it was a murder,
I guess he must think the culprit is one of the 3 of us.
That's right.
But how do you explain that just before we left for the hot springs,
Denkawa turned on the TV and turned it up full blast?
And not only that.
He was also zapping, and when we complained he turned the TV off.
This shows that in Denkawa he was alive during all this time.
In Denkawa he died last night, didn't he?
This means it wasn't us,
because we just came back from the hot springs!
All right, either you solve the case, or we play the deuce.
You can start making your deductions now.
No, I'm not ready yet.
Enough of this!
If Mr. Mouri is not ready, that's his problem.
But you 3 are the main suspects, and you're not leaving here.
When you burst the door,
one of the 3 of you dropped the key next to the corpse,
because we thought the apartment was locked from the inside.
Can you explain something to me?
The police always ask Detective Kogoro Mouri for help.
How come they don't pay any attention to him now?
Don't tell me that this man is an imposter
who is impersonating Kogoro Mouri
and the police have brought her here to make their job easier.
Don't talk nonsense!
This man is the real Kogoro Mouri.
Maybe we should tell them he's an impostor.
No, wait, I've promised the Ran... Stop it, that!
"He told us he's impersonating the father.
"Because the janitor's cleaner asked him to,
but now we know it's a lie."
"What must he be up to, this man?"
Aah... Well...
(Ryohei voice) I will do as you ask.
I, in Kogoro Mouri, will reveal the truth of this case.
Well, you can start now.
Oh, no!
This is not from me.
(Flow) Please be quiet and don't make things worse.
Please let me help you, Mr. Mouri!
Hey!
What are you doing? Don't suffer.
A moment ago I called the real Kogoro Mouri
and he gave me all the clues to the case.
Eh? Do what I tell you, okay?
Hey, Conan!
Yes, you understand.
I'll ask the police inspectors to do everything you told me.
Yeah, all right.
I'll leave it to you.
No, Conan, listen to me, this man is not...
You help us too, Ran.
It seems to me he's gonna need a lot of things.
Ah... but Conan...
"Don't worry, because the real Sleeping Kogoro is here."
Hey!
How long will we have to wait?
And what's all this stuff they've brought into the apartment?
Filling the space with things that weren't there before doesn't make any sense!
We have brought replicas of things that were there before.
The objects that were in the room
we can't use them for evidence.
These are orders from the coroner who took the body.
-What evidence? -To continue with this nonsense?
-And you, you don't say anything? -Ah... -Ah...
I... About it...
Do not suffer.
You just explain everything I've told you.
You'll do very well.
Now imagine you are Sherlock Holmes.
-Go on, begin! -Aah...
(TV: man) "It's Monday, July 2nd, and that's the 9 o'clock news."
But who turned on the TV?
I don't know.
It wasn't us, that's for sure.
What's the matter, is there still someone in the room?
No one's in the room.
No, but the fabrics can be programmed to turn on by themselves.

(TV: man 2) "And now, the third question!"
-But... he's zàping.-But what's going on here?
(TV: woman) "Kensuki, you look like Santa Claus..."
-It can't be!
There's somebody! -No, wait!
"I look like Santa Claus?"
"Yes, because today is Christmas, and miracles come true."
"First we sauté the onion..."
"In Higo scores and the Osaka advances..."
"No, it's a homicide."
Have you put the knob on top of the fan?
Yes, I get it!
The extension needle presses the button to change the channels,
and the knob is glued to the fan
so that it always points forward.
With the fan running,
every time the knob points at the TV,
the channel changes and the effect is as if someone is zapping.
I get it.
The TV was programmed to start up at news time,
so you could clearly feel the day and time.
The fan was programmed
to start two or three minutes later,
and when it started oscillating left and right.
it was as if someone was zapping.
But then, as they turned it off, the TV?
Yes, exactly, when we complained, the TV went off.
I'm sure you programmed it to turn off.
Nonsense!
These fabrics can only be programmed
to turn them on if they're off, or to turn them off if they're on,
or one or the other!
-How do you explain this? -Ah!
Well... that's not....
"Quiet."
"... thanks to a goal by Higo in the 22nd minute of the match."
What did you want to tell us, Mr. Mouri?
"And, although there is still a lot of league left..."
As you may have noticed, the assassin used two fans,
and placed them side by side.
With another extension needle,
he pressed the on/off button on the second remote.
This knob, he placed on the base of the fan,
which he covered with an unfolded leaflet.
The only thing he had to do was to program the second fan
to start a few minutes after the first fan had started.
The air blew the leaflet away.
The obstacle that prevented the remote from working disappeared, and the TV went off.
disappeared, and the TV went off.
And so, it created the illusion that someone was zapping in here,
someone who turned off the TV when they heard the neighbors complaining.
That's why we found the flyer on the bed.
When the TV was turned off,
the first fan stayed on for a while, though.
Coincidentally, the victim's device is the same as that of the owner,
and every time the fan swung towards home
and the remote pointed towards her window,
it was as if her television was zapping itself.
So it wasn't the books on the table?
Well, no.
It was an unforeseen effect of the killer's trick.
But who could have thought of such a thing?
When we entered this room, there was nothing of what it says.
But you didn't notice?
The TV remote control
is stuck to the fan with two band-aids.
And you said earlier that, when you came in,
you tripped over the corpse's feet and fell.
Yes, and what happened?
You could have taken the band-aid off the fan and put it on!
That's because I was bitten by a mosquito at the hot springs.
I showed it to you on the train, didn't I?
Yes, but I don't know if it's the same band-aid as before.
He used band-aids
because he thought he was the one who used the culprit, right?
No.
It probably took about 10 seconds to burst the door open,
turn on the light and discover Mr. Denkawa's body.
Now we'll see if it's possible
for someone to put the band-aids on the fan again
without looking suspicious in such a short period of time.
Please, Inspector Takagi.
Now turn your back to me for 10 seconds, are you ready?
Yes, I am.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero.
-Ah!
Hey, wait! -So?
Have you been able to?
Well...
I was able to glue them on, but they were very wrinkled.
But the murderer surely had more time!
When we entered, the Ishigame didn't get clear enough to light the lamp.
With more time, the result would have been the same.
Before we turned on the light, the apartment was almost dark.

"And when she picked up the cell phone,
I noticed that Miss Bannai is right-handed."
"She would have had a hard time hooking something to her elbow
and the finger of the hand she usually uses."
Mr. Ishigami is wearing a dressing on his left collarbone,
which could also have been used for the same purpose.
But it would be impossible to take it off and put it back on again
without anyone noticing.
Evidently, instead of hooking himself,
the murderer could have made a ball with the band-aids,
and kept it in his pocket.
But in these circumstances,
it is very likely that the police would search the suspects,
and this option must be ruled out.
All this implies that the killer
has used something easy to camouflage and recover.
Mr. Hyodo.
The only possibility is the rubber
that you used a while ago to make a tail."
You can do this with this glue.
Yes, the glue is holding up very well.
He made a tail to divert our attention so that we wouldn't notice.
Ah... That's not true.
"He got into the role."
He looks like a real detective.
Yes.
And since he's not asleep, though, it looks more real.
The key to it all is that the killer
must act quickly to undo his set-up.
You were the first to enter the room.
He told us that he did it because he couldn't stand the noise of the alarm clock
and he wanted to turn it off.
You threw the fan on the floor,
and he also took off the remote control.
When he bent down to turn off the alarm clock, he took the opportunity to remove the needles,
he took the opportunity to remove the needles that were pressing on the buttons,
and then pulled out the rubber
that held the knob to the first fan.
But-but did you see me while he was doing it, or what?
I ask you if you have any proof
to prove that I used the rubber to make this assembly.
Pro...proof?
"Gee, you, that I forgot to explain."
Uh, on one of the remotes,
didn't you see that there were bloodstains?
Yes.
They weren't exactly stains, they were like marks.
Understood.
If these marks were made by you
when you glued the knob to the fan with the rubber,
then we've got him.
Because on the eraser in your hair,
we'll find traces of the blood you splashed on it
when you cut Mr. Denkawa's throat.
"With these words, it's as if someone has changed the channel."
"Suddenly, Mr. Hyodo lowers his head...
and begins to confess his crime."
"It all started a long time ago,
"when Mr. Denkawa broke into Mr. Hyodo's apartment...
because he couldn't stand that his phone wouldn't stop ringing."
"He gutted her door, and ripped out her line."
"But then, in Denkawa found a briefcase full of drugs."
"It seems that in Hyodo he was the courier for a drug gang."
"And in Denkawa he started blackmailing him.
"Or he would give him half of the money
"that he earned transporting the drugs,
or he would report him to the police."
"And in Hyodo he decided to kill him."
"An hour before leaving for the hot springs with the other two neighbors,
he got him drunk and slit his throat."
"He prepared everything and locked the door."
"Thanks to the noise of the TV,
the others thought Denkawa was still alive."
"He set the alarm clock
so that it would ring just as they returned from the hot springs."
"He went into the room to stop it,
"And the other two didn't realize
"That he had put the key next to the corpse
and had dismantled the fan trick."
"My deductions are correct."
"I'm glad we didn't unmask the imposter
posing as Kogoro Mouri."
"Most of all, because of this old woman."
"Ah, yes."
"There is one person who is not so glad."
Come on, speak!
I demand you tell me why you're impersonating my father!
Don't worry, I've already told you!
My girlfriend, the landlady's cleaner, asked me to do it.
That's bullshit!
Her cleaner is married!
You think I don't know that you solved the case thanks to Conan's help?
But you won't fool me.
Hey, no, I already told you that I...
She was his teacher?
This lady was his teacher in elementary school.
How... how do you know?
This lady likes to take care of people.
For ten years,
her husband made sure everything ran smoothly in the building,
but she didn't help him.
That's why I deduced that she had to have another job.

"Because of the way he spoke loudly,
"And when I saw how she scolded the suspects,
I deduced that she must have been a schoolteacher before."
Of course, teachers have to speak loudly.
And, besides, teachers have to know how to play the piano,
and I think she can.
If she had learned it when she was young,
she would remember how she remembers the piano keys.
That's true.
I think she played the piano.
But what has completely confirmed my suspicions
is when I felt that you said "mother" to him without meaning to.
Mother, wait a minute...
Everyone knows that elementary school children,
their teacher is almost like a mother,
to the point that they often call her that.
I guess, unconsciously,
she felt like she was back in class and that's why she called her "mother".
Conan, how can you know all this?
Shinichi sent me a message and explained everything to me.
Have you discussed the case with Shinichi?
"This man went to high school with the landlady's cleaner,
and 3 months ago, at an alumni meeting,
the neta explained the grandmother's problems to him,
and he decided that he would pretend to be Kogoro."
This is what he wrote.
Yes.
She is my teacher and I had to help her.
And why didn't he tell her the truth?
That he had been her student and wanted to help her.
The teacher always told us that we should never lie.
But she didn't know how to tell the truth.
It's true that we shouldn't lie.
But you did it for a good cause.
I'm sure your teacher will forgive you.
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Overwrite....
"After a few days, we received a letter of thanks from the old woman."
"The letter read:
" 'Mr. Mouri, the apprentice you sent me is a charming young man
and a very good person, and he is helping me a lot.'"
But I have no apprentice.
He told you another lie.
This sure is full of rhinoceros roaches and flying deer.
Thanks for coming, guys.
Hold it!
They're not for sale, don't touch them!
We didn't do anything, we were just looking.
Get out of here!
Mr. Ryutaro, wake up!
Beetle... of Miyama...
Don't miss the next episode:
"In search of Miyama's beetle."

