(Clock: touches)
(Child) How cool!
I want to touch it too!
It's very rough, it must be bad...
My father bought me in a shopping mall.
-And I also have a flying deer (children) How cool!
What's so funny, to have a beetle, if you didn't hunt it yourself?
-But... wouldn't you like to have one? -Yes...
A rhinoceros beetle?
So that's what you want?
These creatures!
Don't worry, you can hunt as many as you want.
-What?! - D-did you mean it, doctor?
If it's a lie, I'll get angry.
No, you won't!
I have a lifelong friend who lives in Yamanashi.
He always tells me that I'm welcome to come and see him whenever I want.
It's full of rhinoceros cockroaches, I assure you.
(Shinichi voice) "And we decided to go see the doctor's friend."
(Genta) We're in the middle of the mountain!
This sure is full of rhinoceros cockroaches and flying deer.
It sure is!
Maybe we'll even find a Hercules beetle!
-Can you imagine? -Aaah!
(Shinichi, thinks) "But they don't live here!"
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"Beetles and a Buddha statue? The search begins!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"In search of Miyama's beetle."
Why, he told me he'd come looking for us.
-There's not even a sad store... -Not even a soda machine.
What's that?
-Agasa! -Hey, Ryutaro!
Long time no see!
Are you all right, buddy?
Yes, I'm in top form!
Let me introduce you.
My friend, Ryutaro Namatame.
Thanks for coming, guys.
And welcome.
Thank you for inviting us.
You told me you live by the mountain, right?
Is it far from here?
No, we're about an hour's drive from home.
About that... I'm dying of thirst.
Could we go for a refreshment?
It's hopeless, children.
Follow me.
- (Mitsuhiko) I want a coke. (Genta) And me, a giant cone!
(Ayumi) I don't know what to order...
(Mitsuhiko) Hey, you, Kei!
Hey, you, Kei!
I'm not surprised to see you here.
I know where you come from!
-You're back to playing? -No, man!
Leave me alone, you feel?
I came to bring some watermelons from my orchard at the fruit stand.
Yeah, sure...
Try not to get into debt again and not to make the mother suffer more.
Yes, I know...
-A Japanese rhinoceros beetle! -And a Miyama beetle!
-They're awesome! -Stop!
They're not for sale, don't touch them!
I have them reserved for a big shopping mall in Tokyo.
If they handle them, they won't buy from me!
Shuhei, the kids were just watching, man.
-You don't need to take it like that. Ryutaro!
They're acquaintances of yours?
Yes, they're my guests from Tokyo.
So now they've come to hunt cockroaches in our mountains?
What a cordial reception, by some newcomers...
What a pretty girl!
I beg your pardon.
Shuhei has always been stingy and suspicious.
Besides, we're neighbors and we're always fighting over land boundaries.
So you have land, you?
-That means you're rich, right? MM!
I wish!
I don't lack more food because I have a farm, but I'm not rich.
And we can all sleep over at your place?
Don't worry about that.
It's an old house, but there's plenty of room.
Besides, it's full of junk and old junk.
The antique dealer who came by the other day
told me that the statue of Buddha I have in the corner of the living room
could be from the Kamakura era!
-Well, we'll take this one. -Okay.
Thank you very much, my pretties.

This picture is a little scary...
That's why I say children are hopeless.
It could be a painting by Okyo Maruyama.
And that Buddha statue could be by Master Unkei.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Let me doubt it..."
What's the significance of all this?
Come on, let's go!
Yes, let's go!
We'll catch a flying deer and blow the fellows' minds!
Yes!
(Conan's voice) Shall we start here, guys? Do you think there will be?
I haven't a clue,
but the stag beetles and the rhinoceros beetles
like oak trees.
Ugh, what a stink!
Bad banana!
Why did you soak it in alcohol?
Listen to me and open your stockings.
Come on, let's go.
Now I understand why you asked us
to bring a few pairs of old socks.
My father thought
we wanted them to play cops and robbers.
You mean you hunt like that, the beetles?
You'll see when it gets dark.
There, that's it.
Now we just have to hang them up.
(Genta) Oops, I can't wait for it to get dark!
Mm? (Genta) Eh?
(Genta) What are they, these devices?
And what should they do, in a van?
(Genta) - The keys are the contact. - Hey!
What are you looking at, buddy?
No-nothing, it's just that...
- (Ayumi) It's the player! -I don't play, I've said it before!
What about you guys?
What are you doing here?
We've come to hunt beetles.
Well, stay away from the truck.
Touch two!
We didn't do anything, we were just looking.
Get out of here!
If you don't leave, you'll regret it!
Let's go. (Genta) Yes, let's go. (Genta) Yes, let's go.
I don't understand why he got so angry.
Maybe he was wearing something he didn't want us to see.
-What did you say?! - (children) Aaah!
Ha-ha-ha!
I see you're still up to your outlandish inventions!
Man, as much as outlandish...
(Clock: playing)
I think it's time to go.
By the way, there's no need for anything to happen,
but be very careful, there are snakes outside.
(All) Snakes?!
I will not stay calm, if they go alone.
I'd better go with you.
-Don't wait up for me, Ryutaro. -Okay.
(Genta) Oysters!
They're Japanese rhinoceros beetles!
How strong!
Didn't you let me catch them?
I got them!
-Come on, let's look for more!
(Mitsuhiko) Which one is the fattest flying deer!
(Mitsuhiko) Look!
A saw-toothed flying deer!
How cool! (Mitsuhiko) -Oh, wow!
I haven't seen so many!
-It's mine! I've already caught a bigger one!
(Genta) When we get home, we'll make them fight.
- (Mitsuhiko) Yes! (Ayumi) Good idea!
(Ayumi) Unbelievable... You can't even trust this Ryutaro.
When you least expect it, he'll stab you.
-I'll never forgive him for that one! -This man is the one from before.
I have them reserved for a big shopping mall in Tokyo.
If they grope them, they won't buy from me!
We ran into her at the service area.
I thought I heard you talking about Ryutaro.
- (Genta) We've come back with quite a haul! - (children: laughing)
(Mitsuhiko) That's what the fishermen say...
Mr. Ryutaro is still awake.
(Shinichi's voice) Strange, the door is open.
(Mitsuhiko) Eh?
Mr. Ryutaro, wake up!
What's happened?
-Ryutaro! - (Ayumi) Mr. Ryutaro!
Hang on, the ambulance will be here soon!
Beetle... from Miyama...
What? What?
"Miyama beetle", you said?
What do you mean, "Miyama beetle"? (groans)
Haibara, the ambulance! Yes!
Oysters... What's the matter?
Wasn't there a statue here? Yes.
The ambulance, hurry up! Yes.
Oh!
I have no coverage!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What are they, these hairs?"
"And what did you mean by 'Miyama's beetle'?"
(Shinichi voice) "Mr. Ryutaro was admitted unconscious."
"Then the police investigation began."
"Miyama beetle?"
Is this, what the victim has said?
Ahà. Yes, we felt it perfectly.
It's hard to understand that he said this just before he lost consciousness.
-What did he mean? -I don't know.
There's something else that caught our attention.
Say.
When we left the house,

There was a statue of Buddha there that has disappeared.
Really?
In fact, there have been quite a few statue thefts lately,
the prefectural temples.
Someone broke in to steal the statue, was surprised by the victim...
and hit it with the first vase he found.
-It's clear, isn't it? -Yes...
Of that... Eh?
I found these on the victim's clothes.
-Are those animal hairs? Have them analyzed by the coroner.
Yes.
I don't know what you meant, Ryutaro, about the "Miyama beetle".
I don't think the culprit is a beetle, is it?
Guys, remember the man we saw on our way back?
You can't trust this Ryutaro.
When we saw him at the service area, he had a Miyama beetle!
And you don't remember what it was called? Ryutaro-san said Shuhei.
It must be... Mr. Shuhei Ikeda, a neighbor in the village.
Let me go!
What are you accusing me of?
I haven't done anything!
You're quarreling with Mr. Namatame over land boundaries?
Yes.
That land has always belonged to my family..,
and he has dared to cultivate it.
But I haven't done anything to him, really!
Can you tell us where you were yesterday at 12 o'clock at night?
-At 12 o'clock... He was walking around very angry.
He was saying: "You can't trust this Ryutaro at all".
-Mm-hm. -Well, I...
Is this true?
While making the rounds I saw the water in the rice paddies turned off.
The only thing that could have done it was Ryutaro,
and I thought I'd give him a piece of my mind when he found me.
Is that so?
And you sure he didn't do it last night, this?
No!
I swear I didn't touch a hair on his head.
I didn't!
Sir, do you know there was a statue of Buddha,
in that corner of the room?
How!
Yes, I remember seeing a dirty old figure.
The person who has attacked Mr. Namatame
also stole the statue.
-It was not you, then? -The statue?
Ah, of course!
A statue thief!
I think I know who it might have been.
-I'm all orelles.-In Kei.
Every night he goes out with his truck,
where he carries a hacksaw and a grindstone.
-I've always found him suspicious. It's true, he was carrying it.
Yes!
When we saw him, he was furious.
-It was very scary! MM-hm.
Besides, come to think of it...,
he was wearing a Miyama beetle on his shirt.
-Who's there? -The police.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
Would you come with us, please?
Wh-why?
Whatever it is, I haven't done anything!
Can you tell us where you were, yesterday at 12 o'clock at night?
Twelve o'clock?
At home.
Where else?
-Bullshit! -Huh?
I passed in front of your house on my way back from making the rounds...
and the van wasn't there!
He broke in, Mr. Namatame surprised him...
and you hit him and ran away?
-Confess! -Hey, hey, wait a minute!
To come and steal here I don't need the van.
It's too close, I would have come on foot.
Then tell us where you were, yesterday at 12 o'clock at night.
W-well, I... Never mind, I didn't attack Mr. Namatame.
I'm telling you the truth!
By the way, were you able to analyze the hairs?
Yes, it turns out they were from a dog. (Shinichi, thinks) "From a dog?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mm..."
And what should they do, in a van?
-(Shinichi, thinks) "The keys are the contact." (Shinichi, thinks) "Hey!
What are you looking at, buddy?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Just as I imagined."
"The culprit is neither of these two men."
"Then who is it?"
Where are you going so deep? (Shinichi voice) Ah, Haibara.
Like "ah, Haibara"?
Now what?
What's the next step?
Those two men are innocents.
Yes?
But they're both related to Miyama's beetle...
Mr. Ryutaro would have said his name, wouldn't he?
Well, then, who do you think is the culprit?
I don't know.
But the person who has attacked Mr. Ryutaro
has taken the Buddha statue, that's for sure.
Do you really think it could be worth anything, that rusty figurine?
Mr. Ryutaro said it was from the Kamakura period.
He also said it might be Master Unkei's.
It's true that Master Unkei has some works from the Kamakura era,
but it could also be from the Heian period.
No, I'm sure he talked about the Kamakura era.

Remember where he told us?
Besides, it's full of junk and old junk.
The antique dealer who came the other day
told me that the statue of Buddha I have in the corner of the living room
could be from the Kamakura era!
In the service area!
Haibara, we have to go to the service area where we stopped.
Do you remember us?
We passed by here yesterday.
I'm sorry, I don't remember.
Did you see anything strange?
Ma'am, do you remember us?
We came by yesterday.
Yes, you're the children who were with Mr. Namatame.
I do remember.
And do you know if anyone was there at the time?
Let's see...
What a pretty girl!
Yes, there was a young couple.
Could you tell us something about this couple?
I don't remember much...
They only bought a decorative plant.
What plant was it? This one.
It has a funny name, doesn't it?
Whether you like it or not, that's another matter.
Well... Mm?
-I don't believe it! -So this is what it was...
Ma'am, do you remember if you were carrying...? (Horn: covers the voice)
Wow, what a memory!
(Mitsuhiko) You're right.
(Mitsuhiko) Where should they be, Conan and Haibara?
The doctor isn't here either.
I hope they didn't go to lunch without us.
(Mitsuhiko) Anyway,
they'll have to accompany us to the police station to testify.
-I've already told them that I'm innocent! -So have I!
- (Agasa) Just a moment... (all) Eh?
Not yet..., these two men had nothing to do with it.
(Agasa) What are you saying?
The only crime you have committed in Kei is to have stolen a statue of Buddha.
-It's not true! -Don't say it's not true.
I found it in the van.
It was tied under the chassis.
You stole it last night from some temple, didn't you?
How can you be so convinced
that neither of these two men are guilty of assault?
For a very simple reason.
Instead of saying "Miyama beetle."
Ryutaro would have said the name of his assailant.
What if the culprit suddenly attacked him and he could not see his face?
and could not see his face in the dark?
When we arrived, the light in the living room was on.
(Agasa voice) Ryutaro was already in bed,
but he must have felt a noise and came to the living room.
When she turned on the light, she was attacked.
But perhaps the culprit had his face covered?
However, if it had been one of these two men,
Ryutaro would have recognized her.
"But it turns out that yesterday, when we were coming here,
we stopped at the service area."
"There, in Ryutaro remarked that the statue that had been stolen from him
Was from the Kamakura period."
"There was a tourist couple, at the flower shop."
A young couple who bought a decorative plant
that was inside a test.
-Aquesta. -Mm?
Oh!
Oysters!
(Agasa voice) Exactly.
The "Miyama beetle" was not an insect,
but the name of this plant.
Ryutaro saw the culprit, but he didn't know what it was called.
What he was trying to tell us was that his assailant
had bought a plant by that name.
Do you have proof?
Can you prove all this?
According to the owner of the flower shop,
"...the couple was carrying a Maltese bichon."
(Man) "A bichon maltese?"
(Agasa voice) "On Ryutaro's clothes there were dog hairs."
"I'm sure the DNA tests will confirm it for us."
The culprits are that couple, that's for sure.
From now on, the case is in your hands, inspectors.
(Shinichi's voice) "The police asked
"All the hotels and guesthouses where pets were accepted
until they discovered the identity of the couple."
"They stopped them in Tokyo."
"They had heard that the statue was very old, and hoped to sell it."
"They followed our car
and broke into Mr. Namatame's house."
"But when they took the statue to an antique dealer," he said,
"they discovered that it was not by Master Unkei..,
and that it was worth only 5,000 yen."
"Mr. Namatame was discharged after a few days."
Wow!
("Overwrite," Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.

Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite....
(Clock: taps)
- (Genta) Mm! - (Mitsuhiko) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Both) Mm!
What do you think, guys?
Don't they grind?
We've caught them ourselves!
A strangling... lice...
-It's called a "Miyama beetle"? - That's right.
And you brought it to decorate the classroom?
Yes.
The mother told me that it was a very rare plant
and that I should take it to show it to you.
(Child) We must choose the watering person!
- (child) Yes!
How did we choose him? -In the end they have not even listened to you?
(Conan's voice) So much work for nothing.
(Both) Ah!
Oh... (Both)
Wow! Hi, Kuru.
Like everything, huh?
- (Mitsuhiko) Hey, it's a map! -Maybe it's a treasure map.
Maybe this map has nothing to do with robberies,
but with what might have happened to Mr. Kozuki.
What do you think?
Is it related to the map?
(Shinichi voice) At first, no.
But anything could be, of course.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The feat of the Kuru, 2'."

