(Dog: borda)
(Dogs: squeak)
Hello.
Good evening, Anera.
Hey, where are you going?
It's not that way.
Grrr...
What's wrong, Kuru?
Oh!
Grrr...
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"There are four crosses on the map: it can be a crime as well as a treasure map."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The feat of the Kuru, 2."
Genta, what are you doing?
Are you eating candy again?
This one tastes like grapes.
You always suck your way to school, don't you?
Yes, one piece of candy lasts me just as long as it takes me to get from home to school.
It'll eat through all your molars.
If you don't already have them, that is.
Sakaeya Dry Cleaners?
What did you find?
-Hey, it's a map! -Maybe it's a treasure map.
No, I don't think so.
If you look closely, all the crosses on the map are houses.
Ah!
Maybe they are houses that the thieves have marked as targets!
-To steal them?! - That could be it.
They've robbed a lot of houses in Yonehara lately.
Come on.
No one would think of writing this in an ad...
-Yeah, sure! -We have to go and warn these people. -You didn't hear me or what?
Didn't you hear me or what? Yes, come on, let's go!
Yes, let's go! Yes!
Hey, didn't we have to go to the library?
Their imagination is stronger than your arguments.
Well...
So, you guys haven't been robbed by anyone at home?
(Ayumi) What a break!
Phew!
Luckily we got here before the burglars did.
Yes.
Yeah, but... how do you know that this was drawn by a house burglar?
Who else could have drawn it, if not?
Have you seen anyone suspicious around here, or has anything strange happened?
Well, no, not really.
Do the people in the other 3 houses know her?
No, not really.
I don't like this at all.
Why has she been marked, the house?
Hey, don't step on the lawn!
What are you doing?
How should I tell you, don't smoke in front of Tomoya!
What?
Pardon me.
Excuse me, what do you do for a living? Soc architect.
You didn't need to bother us for this nonsense.
Eh?
And do you know anything about the other 3 houses with the cross?
No, nothing at all.
But no one has entered here to steal.
And I haven't seen anyone suspicious either.
Nothing strange has happened, really.
Excuse me, ma'am, do you live here alone?
Yes, quite alone.
Do you mind telling me what you do for a living? I'm an illustrator.
And enough questions, already.
I have no more time to waste, understood?
What can you tell us?
Do you have any suspicions about who might have done it?
No, no idea.
Who could have thought of doing something like that?
Is anything wrong, Mother?
Ah, Koichi!
These scoundrels say they found this map on the floor.
A map?
Yes.
And our country is marked with a cross.
We thought maybe a housebreaker had drawn it.
Have you seen anyone suspicious in the neighborhood?
Nothing strange has happened around here lately?
Hm... No, nothing strange has happened, really.
Hey, do you know anything about the other 3 houses?
No.
What do you do for a living, if I may ask?
Well, I'm a businessman.
To tell you the truth, this is starting to worry me.
Don't worry, mother, I don't think anyone would want to steal from us,
but if you have to be calmer,
I'll keep the map and take it to the police.
No, when we find out who did it, we'll take it to them ourselves.
As you wish.
Look, it's a police van!
"Kozuki".
It's this house.
No!
Maybe we're too late and the thief has already broken in.
No good!

We are late!
Excuse me, has anything happened, at the Kozuki family's house?
Yes, it did.
Mr. Kozuki has died.
Eh?
He was found dead last night, around 10 o'clock,
at the bottom of the underpass stairs near the Beika subway.
He was lying on the ground and had a head wound.
At the foot of the stairs?
"Did he fall and kill himself? Was it an accident, or was it murder?"
Hm.
If you know anything else, please let us know.
Thank you very much, Inspector.
Who is it, the girl?
Sawako, Mr. Kozuki's daughter.
Ah!
Maybe this map has nothing to do with robberies,
but with what might have happened to Mr.
Kozuki.
What?
What do you mean?
The person who made the map could be the murderer,
and maybe he has yet to kill any of the people from the other 3 houses.
-What?! - What?!
What can we do now, Mitsuhiko?
Excuse me, Inspector, look at this map.
We have work to do.
If you can't find an address, ask a neighbor.
Hm.
What's this about?
I'm not passing on any more information.
What do you think?
Is it related to the map?
(Shinichi voice) At first, no.
But anything could be, of course.
I'd like to take a look at the crime scene.
(Conan voice) Hey, listen!
Meet me at the library park!
(Conan voice) - Huh? -Hey, Conan, where are you going?
(sighs)
(sighs) Are you sure?
The victim's hand smelled of tobacco when you examined the body?
(sighs) Yes, sir.
It sure did.
When we got here, his hand was bloody and smelled of tobacco.
Strange, isn't it?
His daughter told us he never smoked.
Besides, there were no traces of any cigarettes near him either.
You're right, it's very strange.
"Cigarettes..."
(Ayumi) In Conan it takes a long time.
Yes, and while we're wasting our time here, the killer won't sit still.
(Ayumi) Stop it!
We'll catch him, the killer!
Don't even think about it.
We'll wait in Conan.
-How hot it is today, isn't it? -Yes, I feel like it. -Yes, I'd like an ice cream.
There's an ice cream machine in the library!
Well, let's go and get it.
-Shall I bring you one, Ai? -No need, thanks.
-I'll buy two! -I'll have a lemon one.
Hm.
"Eh? But what are they doing now?" Where should it be, the map?
Oh, no.
And now what are we going to do, eh?
It must be this way.
Mm?
Eh? Ah, Mr. Yagisawa.
How do you do?
Ah, hello, Conan.
Long time no see.
Hello, Kuru.
Like everything, huh?
You know them? Yes.
A while ago, Kuru helped me solve a very difficult murder.
What's the matter with you guys? We've lost the map, we can't find it.
What?!
It's possible that the murderer followed us and took it out of the bag.
What?
Who do you mean?
Mr. Kozuki's killer?
Who did you know, you? Only by sight.
It was Kuru who found the body in the underpass.
Yes ?!
And the map you lost and are looking for, what is it?
It's a map that has 4 houses marked with a cross?
Mr. Kozuki's house and 3 other houses?
Eh?
How do you know this, you?!
Because... it's me, who marked the 4 houses.
-What?! - Hm.
I marked these places for my wife,
who's the one who takes the Kuru out for me from time to time.
They are the houses where you have to keep an eye out, when you go with a dog.
My wife lost the map the other day, when she took her out.
"Mrs. Ohga, who lives in the first house, has a very bad temper."
"Just the Kuru touches the grass with her paw, she's already screaming."
Mrs. Eguchi in the second house sprays the plants with pesticides.
I thought I'd better stay away.
I'm sure she must also use fertilizer.
Dogs come close because they like the smell, don't they?
That's right.
On the third floor, the Fujiki family lives.
The mother is a nervous woman and a neat freak.
And dog urine drives her crazy.
-So much so! -And how do you know all this, Conan?
Well, because she's not only thrown disinfectant in her house,
but on all the neighbors' houses
and at the base of the phone booth, too.
God-have-do.

And the late Mr. Kozuki couldn't stand dog pee either, could he?
Hm.
He kept cleaning his sidewalk.
One day when I wasn't paying attention and the Kuru peed in front of his house, he came out and chased us with a broom,
she came out and chased us with the broom.
Yeah, I saw he had a lot of water bottles on, on the wall.
Yes, I saw that.
But it looks to me like it's more about the cats than the dogs.
Wow, so that's what the map was about.
I mean, it has nothing to do with the murder case.
Oh...
Anyway, there's another mystery.
Who could have wanted to steal such an unimportant map?
Clearly, whoever stole it didn't do it by chance.
Hm, the person who stole the map...
is quite possibly the one who murdered Mr. Kozuki.
-Huh? -Huh?
The murderer doesn't know why the map was drawn,
but when Mitsuhiko showed it to him,
he saw that it established a connection between him and Mr. Kozuki's house.
Kozuki's house,
and he didn't want us to take it to the police.
That's why he stole it.
Then, this means...
Mr. Kozuki's murderer is someone who lives...
in the houses we visited before, someone who has seen the map.
It can't be!
And the key to solving the case... is the cigarettes.
The cigarettes?
Speaking of which, Mrs. Eguchi smoked like a cartwright.
So did Mr. Ohga.
He wanted to smoke a cigarette, but his wife forbade it.
And Mrs. Fujiki.... Their son does smoke.
"I saw how he hid a pack of cigarettes in the back pocket of his pants.
in the back pocket of his pants.
It's quite possible that his mother doesn't like his smoking.
Now that we're talking about cigarettes, about 10 days ago,
around 8 o'clock in the morning...
Holy shit!
Who is it, that keeps throwing cigarette butts on the sidewalk?!
The day I pick it up... !
I would say... that the part of the filter had two blue stripes.
Two blue stripes?
It seems that everyone smokes the same cigarettes.
I don't know, but... maybe, last night,
Mr. Kozuki found in the underpass
the person who was throwing cigarette butts on the ground in front of his house,
they started arguing and...
Do you think it's that person, the murderer?!
Run, tell us who it is, Conan!
I'm sorry, I don't know yet.
I don't have enough information.
If we went to Mr. Kozuki's house,
maybe we'd still find the cigarette butts he collected.
No.
He was supposed to throw them away, and yesterday the garbage truck came by.
I know what we have to do!
Collect as much information as we can!
-Yes, good idea! We split up and interrogate everyone.
Hey, wait! That's fine with me.
I feel like giving this killer a taste of his medicine, too.
What? You too?
You too? Mm-hm.
All right. (chuckles)
But above all, be careful.
So you see the slightest sign of danger, let them run.
-Don't pateixis. You can trust us.
Mr. Yagisawa, can you draw us another map?
Yes, sure.
(barking)

(Ouch) As for the cigarettes, I couldn't find any cigarette butts anywhere.
They should pick them up and throw them all away.
Right.
Mr. Ohga goes to work every day on foot.
He has his architecture studio across the street from Beika subway station.
He always leaves his house between 7:30 and 8:00 a.m.,
but he never returns at the same time.
Yesterday he arrived later than 10 o'clock.
Mrs. Eguchi works near Beika station.
She works in a club, 4 evenings a week.
In a club?
In a soccer club?
Last night, she also came home after 10 o'clock.
Apparently, Mr.
Fujiki also walked to Beika station.
According to the neighbor from the house across the street,
he leaves home at 7 o'clock every morning.
And yesterday she felt the door of the house closing after 10 o'clock.
So the 3 of them walk to Beika station.
So the most normal thing is that they pass...
in front of Mr. Kozuki's house
Kozuki's house and take the underpass.
In other words, any of the 3 of them...
could have thrown the cigarette butts in front of Kozuki's house,
before 8 o'clock in the morning, or late at night.
If it's not a soccer club, maybe it's a baseball club.
I talked to the man who cleans the underpass.

and he told me that he also usually finds cigarette butts of the same brand of cigarettes
of the same brand of cigarettes, with blue stripes.
Yesterday, around 10 o'clock,
one of the suspects crossed the underpass at the subway entrance
and threw a cigarette butt on the ground.
Mr. Kozuki saw him, and started arguing with him.
It's you, you, the one who always throws cigarette butts in front of my house!
Aaah!
That's why the police didn't find any cigarette butts near the corpse.
There's only one thing left to do: to find out which of the three of us is the murderer.
Come on, tell me what it is, the club!
Eh?
Aaah!
Oops!
Ecs!
Genta, how disgusting!
Ah, how serious.
I hadn't finished sucking it yet.
Bad blood.
"Finished sucking... Finished smoking..."
"What if...? But I have no proof."
Hey, listen, I should go confirm something.
So let's all go together.
And let's get Kuru here.
(barking)
"The current of the river is very strong. I thought so."
There's someone on the bridge.
-It's Mrs. Eguchi! What?!
Yes, but she looks very different, because she's wearing makeup.
Did you see it?
He laughed!
-Yes, very suspicious. Come on, let's follow her.
"She's gone down the river."
Too bad, the cigarette butt could have served as proof.
(Dog: borda)
Shut up!
You don't know how to do anything but bark, you!
-He has thrown another cigarret.
-Hello, good afternoon.
You're a very good doggie, but you like to bark.
Yes, but not everybody.
Only to people who don't like you.
Come on, Ay, don't you love it.
Yes, run, we have to follow Mrs. Eguchi.
Eh?
Eh ?!
But if that's....
(Mitsuhiko) It's Mr. Ohga!
- (Genta) I don't understand anything.
W-Wow.
Look at that.
(Man) What?
(Mitsuhiko) Again!
This woman won't stop throwing cigarettes on the floor!
"She doesn't stop?"
(Kuru: borda)
What's wrong, Kuru?
Ah, yesterday the garbage man forgot to pick this up,
and I picked it up and put it away.
Yes!
(Kuru: What?)
That's impossible!
I threw it into the river, the cigarette butt!
The cigarette butt you threw into the river was not this one, but another one.
Another one?
Mr. Fujiki, last night,
after you took the cigarette from Mr. Kozuki's hand,
you started running home, didn't you?
On the way, a black dog barked at you,
and out of fright he dropped the cigarette.
"He started looking for it in the dark,
and finally found it on the ground and picked it up."
"It was the same brand, and it had a red stain on the filter."
"He thought it was what he was looking for,
he ran to the bridge and threw it into the river."
But that cigarette butt he had picked up belonged to someone else,
and the red color was from lipstick.
The cigarette butt he dropped when he was frightened by the dog,
ended up inside a plastic box full of garbage.
Aaah!
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
-Run, Kuru! -Wait for me.
Mr. Ohga cheated on his wife
and was having an affair with Mrs. Eguchi.
Yes.
That's why his face changed when he saw the map with the crosses.
When you found out, who was the murderer?
I wasn't sure at first.
I assumed that the killer must have lit the cigarette
at Beika station.
From there to the underpass is 400 meters,
which I calculated to be the distance necessary
to finish the cigarette.
And I looked at which house was 400 meters away from the house of Mr.
Kozuki's house.
How interesting.
Well, I guess the great detective deserves a reward.
He-he!
Thank you, you're very kind.
Heh?
Mm?
Great detective, here's your reward.
"He-he! And me, what the fuck?"
Look, Mr. Mouri.
A "k."
It could be a message from the victim.
Every time I thought about it, I found it harder to control myself.
...the only thing I wanted was for him to catch a really bad disease.
"Your name begins with a 'k'."

...in Katsutoshi Kusaka, and Kiwako Kaitani.
All that remains is to find out who the murderer is.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The Suspect' k 'Initial'."

