Ah.
They're all here.
We meet again in a month.
Give me a break, please.
I can't take it anymore.
You can't imagine all I have to do, to get that money.
Please... I know you're the one who keeps the company's accounts.
You will find a way to keep taking money without anyone....
But what have you thought?!
I can't go on like this!
I'll be found out!
I don't care about that.
On the other hand, what would happen if I decided to make your secret public?
Think of your daughter's wedding.
No, no, please!
No!
I know you would do anything for your daughter's happiness.
Or am I wrong?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
- (woman) Please forgive me! (woman) -Huh?
It's impossible for me to keep giving her so much money every month,
with the salary I get paid at work.
(woman) Please!
Well, if you don't have enough with one job, find yourself another one.
-You can work at night. I already do!
But it's just that... I can't make it either!
You can run away, or stop paying.
But if you do, you know perfectly well...
that I won't hesitate for a second to post this video on the internet.
If you want to avoid, you know what you have to do.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"The strange initial K. The suspicious message of a murder."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru
tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The suspicious initial K."
How good everything was at this restaurant, wasn't it?
Indeed.
Those spring rolls were delicious.
Mm-hm.
Isn't that Agent Tatenen over there?
Yes, that's him.
What's going to happen?
"Constable Sumio Tatenen,
"of the Beika district 5 police station."
"Diligent, honest and kind to everyone."
"Everyone in the neighborhood trusts him."
"His dream has come true,
and soon he'll be appointed inspector at Beika headquarters."
You know I've been complaining about it for a long time!
-Agent Tatenen.
Is something wrong? -Oh, hello, Mr. Mouri.
-No, nothing important.
D-Don't believe him.
It's important.
There's a person who always comes to remove the garbage.
I'm asking you to look into it and find out who it is,
but you see, he doesn't listen to me.
I already try to make the rounds more often in this area,
but I've never met him.
(Door, open)
What's the matter with him?
Don't worry, don't worry.
We will help you.
Excuse me, is this blood, this here?
There's a dead person in there.
What are you saying?! What?!
Calm down, we're here!
Can you feel me?
Can you speak?
"This must be the murder weapon."
"The victim has cuts on his hands."
"And this pillow..."
"The killer used the pillow
so as not to splash blood all over when he stabbed the victim."
Can you stay here, Mr. Mouri?
I'll check that there's no one else in there.
Dispatch, this is agent Tatenen, Beika 5.
What's up?
Look, Mr. Mouri.
A K. Could be a message from the victim.
"Eh? A false tooth fell out."
Maybe the killer stepped on it?
There's no one else in here.
I checked to make sure the kitchen door and windows
are all locked from the inside.
(Takagi) Very well done.
(Takagi) The victim was Mr. Zenkichi Ooka, age 64.
He lived alone and was working as a security guard
at a supermarket in Haido.
You're the one who discovered the body, aren't you?
Well, first of all, could you tell us your name, please?
My... My name is Kiwako Kaitani.
"Your name begins with K."
And who are you?
My name is Toshiko, and I've been here all the time.
I've seen everything.
You've seen it all? You bet I have.

I've been here all night in front, chatting with a friend,
"Mrs. Nakajima, from district 4."
"Mr. Ooka has come home that it should be 6 o'clock,"
y... after a short while
a man came and entered his house.
Do you know who he was, this man? No.
I'd never seen him before.
He must have been about 50 years old.
"After about 10 minutes we saw him leave with his head down."
I see.
What else did you see?
After about 20 minutes this girl arrived.
and I also saw her go into Mr. Zenkichi Ooka's house.
"Then Mrs. Nakajima left,
and then Agent Tatenen arrived."
We were talking for maybe five minutes at the most,
and then these people arrived.
He must have killed the person who came before me, Mr. Ooka.
Yes, it must have been him!
Very well, then.
Now the priority is to find that man.
-What?
What's the matter?
(It's over there.
The man who has entered Mr. Ooka's house is there.
There, among the people.
- Who?
The one with the hat? - (woman) Yes.
-Hey, stop! Don't let him get away!
-Let me be! -Quiet!
Don't move!
Can you tell us your name, please?
I... I mean Katsutoshi Kusaka.
-Huh? -Huh?
"Your name also begins with K."
(Takagi) Let's see.
Is it yours, this knife?
Yes, yes, the knife is mine.
But I didn't do it, really!
Very well, then.
Tell me why you went to see Mr. Ooka at his house today.
Because...
I went because Mr. Ooka was blackmailing me.
-What? -It all started seven years ago.
I had become addicted to playing mahjong with gambling.
"One day, the police came into the place where I was playing...
and, although I was just a customer, they arrested me."
"Mr. Ooka was also a customer,
but he, fortunately, was able to escape."
After that, I started a new life, quit gambling,
and just went to work.
But about two years ago
I met Mr. Ooka in a supermarket,
He threatened me and asked me for money!
-And the blackmail began? -Yes.
I had to give him money every month.
Six months ago, my daughter got engaged to be married.
Since then, she started asking me for more money.
"A few days ago,
"I was having lunch with the groom's family at the Shiomi Hotel...
and he showed up."
"He told me that he worked as a security guard nearby,
and that, if necessary, he was capable of boycotting the wedding."
"Every time I thought, I found it harder to control myself."
And today he went to see Mr. Ooka
to give him the blackmail money?
I usually go on the day I get my salary,
but today he told me that he had to go to a friend's funeral
and he needed money for the train fare.
"Instead of the money, I brought a knife."
"We started fighting, I cut his hands a few times," he said,
"But when I saw the blood I got scared,
I put down the knife and ran away."
I didn't do anything else, really!
Isn't it true that they say that after me there was a girl?
Well, she must have been the one who killed him!
(Sato) Inside his bag we found this.
It is a very dangerous drug that weakens the body very slowly.
I understand you are a pharmacist, right?
You stole it from the pharmacy where you work, perhaps?
It was... It was his fault!
Last year I finished my degree,
and time went by and I couldn't find a job anywhere.
"I was having a bad time and started committing petty theft."
"One day Mr. Ooka caught me, and he told me that if I gave him money, he would turn a blind eye,
if I gave him money, he'd turn a blind eye."
"That's how it all started..."
And when I got a job,
he started asking me for more and more money.
"He would also come to the pharmacy where I work to pick up the medicines,
to put even more pressure on me."
"When I thought that he would be blackmailing me for the rest of my life,
I became desperate."
"And the only thing I wished was that I would get a very serious illness."
And why did you go to see Mr. Ooka today?
To give him the blackmail money?
I usually go at the beginning of the month,

but yesterday he told me that he had to go to the funeral of a friend of his and that he needed the money to pay for the hotel.
and that he needed the money to pay for the hotel.
But all I did was break his cell phone,
because I knew that's where he had the video, the proof of my theft!
It is the truth!
I'm sure that what killed him
is that man who went before me!
Who would have thought that the victim would be a blackmailer, right?
According to Mr. Kusaka,
it seems that Mr. Ooka was in trouble at more than one casino.
Is that so?
The blackmail money was all spent gambling in the casino.
He blackmailed them to spend the money in the casino?
You have to be an idiot, eh?
This calendar here is from Mr. Ooka's house, isn't it?
Conan, don't touch anything!
Here and here it's written all in strange figures.
(Takagi) What could it be?
Some kind of code or... something like that?
(Takagi) "Surely it must be something to do with blackmail."
(Takagi) What?
I hear you're going to be an inspector soon.
Well, you can get used to it, these things.
Yeah, sure.
Mm?
Have you seen that your cap is dirty?
Inside the house he hasn't found anyone else,
and you checked to make sure all the doors and windows
were locked from the inside, right, officer?
Yes.
That's correct, inspector.
That means that these two are the only ones
who have been able to get in and out of the house:
Katsutoshi Kusaka and Kiwako Kaitani.
All that remains is to find out who the murderer is.
After having heard the statements
it is clear that one of the two is lying.
"There's something that doesn't fit."
"The killer has used the cushion to avoid splashing everything with blood,
"but it's not clear to me that either of them
could have had the cold blood to do something like that."
"Ah. Of course!"
By the way, who found the false tooth?
Don't you know how to keep your mouth shut?!
It's that I just remembered.
No, at the crime scene it didn't show up.
Well, if it fell out while he was fighting with the murderer,
maybe he probably still has it in his pocket somewhere.
We checked, and they didn't have it.
One possibility is that Mr. Kusaka discarded it when he left the crime scene.
when he left the crime scene.
Takagi and Sato, continue questioning the suspects.
Chiba, focus on this notebook of the victim we found.
It's quite possible that he was blackmailing other people.
Okay.
"Zero, O, KA?"
"Sure, I get it!"
"But so, what the hell do you mean, the K?"
"Ants? How come there are ants, here?"
"Sure! I got it!"
Ah... Aaaaaaaah...
What's wrong with you, now?
(Kogoro voice) Inspector Megure, it's getting late,
how about getting down to business?
(Kogoro voice) What do you mean?
You know who it is, the culprit?
Yes.
And I'll reveal the truth right now.
But I'll need you to bring me the two suspects in this room.
Both of them?
After Mr. Ooka has arrived at your house,
you are the only ones who have come and gone.
-I promise you it wasn't me! -I didn't do it either!
On the floor was a K written in the victim's blood.
It is very unlikely that it was written by one of us to complicate the investigation.
to complicate the investigation,
because, in part, he would also be incriminating himself.
Rather, it is a posthumous message left by the victim.
The name of the two suspects begins with K.
It may have been both of them.
Mr. Kusaka,
you brought the money to Mr. Ooka on the 27th of every month, didn't you?
Yes.
-And Miss Kaitani on the 5th, right? -Yes, on the 5th.
You met Mr. Ooka at the Shiomi Hotel on the 8th, didn't you?
Yes, on the 8th.
And you, he came to see you at the pharmacy on the 17th, didn't he?
Yes, but how do you know all this?
Because it's all written in Mr. Ooka's calendar.
In the calendar?
In these codes here?
Inspector, read what it says, in Mr. Ooka's notebook.
Mm?
Zero, O, KA?
Actually, it says "Ooka."
It's not a zero, but the letter O.
Mr. Ooka used a code based on letters,
numbers, Japanese characters and Chinese characters.

So, the "9 A" on the 27th and the "89 Female" on the 5th....
refer to Mr. Kusaka and Miss Kaitani?
Yes.
If we read Kusaka according to the Chinese characters,
it becomes "9 A".
Miss Kaitani is a pharmacist,
hence she wrote the number 89,
which is pronounced the same as "pharmacist" in Japanese.
And since she is a girl, there is "woman" added.
Of course.
So the 4-0-3 on the 8th refers to... the Shiomi Hotel.
And that 10-0 on the 17th is pronounced "ju-o", like pharmacy.
I get it.
But this means that the letter K written by the victim...
...does not refer to either Katsutoshi Kusaka or Kiwako Kaitani.
The K is the initial of... "keikan", which means "policeman".
The murderer is... Agent Tatenen.
Yes, you killed him!
Agent Tatenen is the culprit?
He can't be!
Wait a minute!
Why do you say that?
Just because the K stands for "police" doesn't mean it has to be me.
When we discovered the body,
you went to check if there was anyone else inside the house...
and you went straight to the kitchen.
"Don't you find that strange?"
"Wouldn't it have been more normal to go to the room closest to you?"
The truth is...
Did you go to close the door from the inside,
the door through which you entered to carry out your plan.
The thing about the person removing the garbage would be up to you.
I guess you had to do it so that you could have the excuse
to go around the neighborhood more without arousing suspicions
and, thus, be able to gather information from Mr. Ooka.
That's why you knew that, today,
both Mr. Kusaka and Miss Kaitani were going to see her,
and you took the opportunity to plan the assassination.
This is not true!
(Kogoro voice) "When you saw that Mr. Kusaka was running out,
"you entered through the back door,
"You murdered Mr. Ooka,
"You went out the back door again,
"You then went to talk to Mrs. Hanazawa
as if nothing had happened."
It doesn't make any sense!
Do you have any proof of what you're saying?
Yes.
What you had on your cap before, that was sugar, wasn't it?
If you notice, the place where you were before is now full of ants.
He's right.
He's right.
At the crime scene, there was sugar on the ground.
When you stabbed Mr. Ooka, you dropped your cap,
and it landed on top of the sugar.
-That doesn't mean that... There's another thing that gives you away.
"When you shook the sugar off the cap, you didn't turn it at any time."
I found that rather strange.
Tell us the truth, you did it for a specific reason, didn't you?
-Well... I'll tell you.
If I'm not mistaken,
that false tooth that didn't turn up at the crime scene
must be to Agent Tatenen's cap.
Agent Tatenen, take off your cap right now!
No, I...
It's here!
(Kogoro voice) "Probably Mr. Ooka's false tooth.
"Has fallen into the cap when it was on the ground,
and when Officer Tatenen pulled it out to shake it out, he noticed it."
"That's why he didn't turn it around, to keep it from falling out of his cap."
Agent Tatenen, can you explain why he did that?
Officer!
I asked you a question!
The... the truth is, when I was a student,
I was also addicted to playing mahjong with gambling, like Mr. Kusaka.
Like Mr. Ooka,
I wasn't arrested on the day of the raid either.
Since then, I changed my habits,
I started studying seriously and became a police officer.
But about half a year ago,
I went to arrest a thief at a supermarket in my area,
and Mr. Ooka was there as a security guard.
Wasn't Mr. Ooka working at a supermarket in the Haido neighborhood?
"He was filling in for another guard who was sick."
"He recognized me, remembered me...
and started blackmailing me."
And you were going to give him the money on the 11th of every month, right?
On the calendar there was a K written, but, to mislead,
you added this symbol in front of it.
Yes, that's right.
From that day on, he forced me to pay every month.

"Last month, when I was informed that I would be appointed inspector,
Mr. Ooka heard about it, and he started asking me for more money."
It would be terrible.
He was investigating and I found out that, apart from me, he was extorting money from other people,
he was also extorting money from other people.
So I thought
I couldn't let him continue to act with impunity.
And that's why... and that's why I decided that I had to punish!
To prevent more people from continuing to suffer because of him.
I did it in the name of justice!
Yes!
I punished her in the name of justice!
But how dare you talk about justice!
No matter how well you tell it, what you have done is murder,
and there is nothing that can justify it!
Besides, by committing such a reprehensible act,
you have wounded the pride and tarnished the reputation of more than 290,000
of more than 290,000 police officers throughout the country!
So, little boy,
you are the last person in our force who has the right to speak of justice!
Officer Sumio Tatenen, you are under arrest, charged with first-degree murder!
("Overwrite", Breakerz)

Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Overwrite...
I recognize that, because of this incident,
both of you have been severely injured.
Therefore, I apologize.
Not necessary, Inspector.
However, you, Mr. Kusaka, will be charged with assault,
and you, Miss Kaitani, of breaking and entering.
I hope you understand.
Yes.
Yes, of course.
If they had gone any further,
either of you could have ended up committing the same crime...
that Agent Tatenen has committed.
With this in mind,
I hope that both of them regret what they have done
and take advantage of it to start a new life.
Yes, sir.
I am very sorry.
Mr. Mouri, help me!
Your life is in danger, it's urgent!
What?! What?
-What scandal, the upstairs neighbor... -(knocks)
- (woman: call) - Eh?
And the girl?
They have killed him, right?
I thought it was her, the victim.
-No, she is the perpetrator of the crime.
Do not miss the next episode: "The threat of a rainy night".

