(Kogoro) Gee, you!
What a boring day.
I wish there was some interesting crime,
even if it was at the last minute...
What a thing to say, Father!
I think I'm going out for a drink.
It doesn't seem to want to stop raining.
Mm?
Hey!
It's Agent Chiba! At last!
A crime has been committed!
-Mr. Mouri, help me! -Welcome!
-A woman has disappeared. What do you say?
Her life is in danger, it's urgent!
What?! Oh!
("Miss Mystery", Breakerz)
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.

"If crimes were men,
invisible mysteries would have women's names."
"In Chiba commissions in Mouri a strange case on a rainy night."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi wa misuteriasu gaaru jueru no you ni kagayaite.
Matenrou no akarisae kimi no mae de kasunde.
Sono nureta hitomi wa nani wo utsushidashite iru no.
Nazomeita shiso no saki boku wo sotto mitsumeteru.
Meikyuuiri no koi nankou furaku shinjitsu wa Hitotsu dake.
Kotae wa kimi no naka ni.
I love you Miss Mystery hate no nai rabirinsu.
Kono ay wo dakishimete ima Nazo wo tokiakashite.
I miss you Miss Mystery kimi no Subete wo shiritai.
Kanarazu abaite miseru tsukurareta Aribas wo kowashite.
"The threat of a rainy night."
From it, at the coffee shop where I often go, lately I see a woman.
A while ago she came to me for help.
She thinks her life is in danger.
"I'll come to see you when I get out of jail."
And you say you've been receiving these letters for a year?
Yes.
I am very frightened.
I've changed jobs and moved to another apartment.
But I feel like I'm being watched all the time, as if I'm being spied on!
Maybe it's just my imagination...
At first I told her to tell me right away
if he saw any suspicious person or had more specific information.
But...
"I went to the bathroom for a moment and when I came back...,
he was already gone."
The lady who was with you paid the bill a moment ago
and left.
She looked like she was afraid of something.
She looked like she was afraid of something...
Wow!
What?
This umbrella is his!
He must have mistaken it for me.
(Think) "This car was meant to kill me!"
"Could it be that he had mistaken me for her because of her umbrella?"
Unfortunately, I didn't have time to ask him for the address.
I was thinking of passing the case on to the inspector,
but I don't have any concrete evidence.
That's why I came here.
I don't know if we could call it a case.
For starters, we don't even know who this woman is.
How do you want me to find her?
Didn't you say you've been seeing her a lot lately?
That means she's come to live near the cafeteria, right?
Of course! Yes!
We should start at the coffee shop and expand the radius gradually.
Good idea!
Wait a minute, I haven't decided whether to take the case or...
Oh... Mm...
All right, all right, I'll take it...!
(Music: cover the voice)

(TV: man) "And we move on to international news."
What a scandal, the upstairs neighbor!
- (dry knocks) - (woman: call)
(Woman) Let me be!
Somebody help me!
(Police: sirens)
I wanted to know if anything happened...
What?! What is it, Officer Chiba?
Yes.
Yes, you got it.
There's been a murder in an apartment nearby...
involving a young woman.
-Hey?!
It's the car from earlier! -How?
-You're late! -Hey, hey!
But... where are you going, Chiba?
- Hey, stop! -Get out of the way!
Chiba!
I thought you had the day off...
And the girl?
They've-they've killed her, haven't they?
Who's this?
The cap and the sunglasses...
The man in the car!
Oh, Mio!
I thought it was her, the victim.
-No, it's the perpetrator of the crime. -How?!
Inspector.
Hello, Mouri!
What are you doing here? Well, it turns out...
I get it.
That's why I was looking for this woman.
Yes.
The car in the parking lot is a stolen vehicle.
Agreed.
What happened, may I ask?
Mm... Takagi, won't you give us a summary of the case?
Yes.

The incident occurred 40 minutes ago, at seven o'clock at 10 o'clock at night.
The downstairs neighbor, a student named Takuya Murakami, heard a noise and a scream, and went upstairs to see what was wrong,
heard a noise and a scream, and went upstairs to see what was going on.
He found the dead body and Miss Mio Ashida,
who was standing next to him.
He called 911 on his cell phone.
She says she was able to get into the apartment
because the door was unlocked.
The victim is Yoshizumi Karashima, 28 years old.
He was released from prison 3 days ago,
where he was serving a sentence for a traffic offense.
A traffic offense?
What do you mean?
That he caused an accident?
That's right.
A year ago, a man driving drunk lost control.
"He broke the safety barrier and fell into the lake."
"Of the two men who were ejected from the car,
one died and another suffered minor injuries."
"The driver was charged with manslaughter,
but was unable to serve the sentence because he had died in the accident."
"The co-driver has served one year
"For violating the highway code
by allowing his partner to drive drunk."
That's him, Mr. Karashima.
- (Mio) It's a lie! - (all) Mm?
My brother had already caused another such accident,
and he promised he'd never take the car again!
(Shinichi, think) "Your brother?" Who was driving was Karashima.
Mio...
The man who died in the accident was his brother,
Toshiaki Ashida, who was 28 years old at the time.
I filed an appeal against Karashima's testimony,
who said he was driving my brother, because I knew he was lying.
But it was dismissed.
Still...
One year sentence ?!
What does this mean?
It's because of your appeal!
You'll pay for it!
You will remember me!
It is a clear case of resentment.
He was convinced that he would be declared innocent.
-Mio, show him the letters. Yes.
He wrote them from prison?
In all of them he says things like:
"I'll come by and say hello when I get out of here."
He doesn't say it explicitly, but it sounds like a threat.
Yes, it does.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's true that he doesn't say it anywhere, but....
here it says, 'Don't forget me, wait for me!'."
"Mm? And this one?"
Why is there a 6-month gap between these two letters?
What?
Maybe he calmed down for a while and, just as he was about to leave,
he decided to go back on the attack...
Hey, you!
This is not for kids, okay? Yes, I'm sorry...
(Chiba) Mio knew that in Karashima she would get out soon.
That's why she changed jobs and came to live here, right?
Yes... You can tell I haven't lived here long.
The furniture and appliances are brand new.
There are some that have yet to be brand new.
Now that you mention it, it's true.
Although they have the label.
Because I only come here to sleep.
I was so scared...
Of course, it's normal.
(Shinichi, thinks) "In fact, it doesn't look like anyone has ever lived here."
"The TV is used."
"But the remote doesn't even have batteries."
(Takagi) The victim has found his address,
(Takagi) He entered the apartment by forcing the door
and was waiting for her when she arrived.
When I got home, I saw that the light was on.
"And the lock was broken."
"I didn't imagine that she was waiting for me inside,
but I opened the door..."
(Takagi) Miss Ashida defended herself with the umbrella.
They have been struggling in the living room.
-Aaah! -Ah!
-Ah! (thud)
(Shinichi, thinks) "The fatal wound was the blow to the back of the head, then?"
(Conan voice) Look!
He also has a blow to the nose.
Yes.
He must have been hit while they were struggling.
Look, there's blood on the TV cabinet.
(Shinichi, thinking) "He got hit by the edge of the cabinet. But..."
(Kogoro) It's most likely self-defense homicide.
And when she tried to run me over, she must have mistaken me for her,
because she was carrying her umbrella.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's water!"
"It must be the victim's shoes."
(Conan voice) Ran, do you know what time it started raining?

Well..., it was already dark, so it must have been 7 o'clock.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This means..."
Let's go, then? Mm?
We'll have to take his statement at the police station.
Yes.
Don't worry, Mio, I'll help you as much as I can.
-It'll be all right. You don't know how grateful I am.
(Boy) What a pain in the ass!
I've already spoken to the police.
The TV has been on all afternoon.
By the way, who are you?
Hello!
I've come on behalf of the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
It's upstairs.
Do you remember what time you started watching TV?
Well... around 6 or so.
They turned it off around 5:30 when the scream was heard.
At first glance, these apartments look like who knows what, but they're cheap.
The walls are paper.
You didn't hear anything else, apart from the TV?
Wait, now that you mention it...
What a scandal, the upstairs neighbor!
- (thuds) - (woman) Ah!
Let me be!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's all starting to come together. So..."
"Just as I imagined."
"I've discovered... the truth of the case!"
(Shinichi, thinks) Go ahead.
Eh ?!
I'm going home to make a beer...
(Conan voice) Hey!
What is it, that? (All) What?
-Oh...!
Inspiration has come to me...- Mr. Mouri!
(All) Father! Mr. Mouri!
Did it happen again?
(Kogoro voice) Takagi, do me a favor and check something.
(Takagi) W-what?
Inspector, this case is still unsolved.
What? Mm?
(Takagi) Yes, yes... This, when was it, approximately?
You'll have to explain it to us, Mouri.
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, this was not a murder in self-defense,
but a very well-prepared murder.
A murder?! And now!
What nonsense.
(Kogoro voice) I'll tell you.
Look at the umbrella stand in the hall.
There's a small puddle of water at the bottom.
A-see?
(Kogoro voice) It's true!
(Kogoro voice) Our umbrellas have been left on the landing
so as not to dirty the crime scene.
So, there was only one umbrella inside the apartment.
It is Agent Chiba's umbrella,
which Miss Mio took from the cafeteria by mistake.
Yes, that's right.
What do you mean by this?
(Kogoro voice) I mean that the puddle was made by this umbrella.
And, therefore, Miss Mio lied when she stated...
that the victim attacked her so she opened the door.
You are right.
If that were so, she would not have been able to leave the umbrella in the foyer.
(Kogoro voice) And there's another thing that doesn't fit.
"Although the victim has parked the car in the parking lot
and walked here, his clothes are dry."
Because he must have been carrying an umbrella.
But here there was only one, of umbrellas.
(Kogoro voice) That can only mean
that the victim arrived before 7 o'clock,
which is when it started raining.
(Kogoro voice) Come on!
It's only been an hour since it almost ran over me!
Wait a minute... The shoes!
The victim's shoes are indeed springs!
(Kogoro voice) Yes, the shoes are wet.
How can it be that both the socks and the pants are dry?
I-I don't know.
But next to the corpse were...
the cap and sunglasses worn by the man in the car.
(Kogoro voice) How are you so sure they belong to the victim, these objects?
There is still another dancing piece:
The position of the driver's seat in the car.
"He's glued to the steering wheel,
in a very awkward position for someone of the victim's stature."
"I've asked Conan to check it out."
These are all just substantiated clues,
but these indications lead us to only one conclusion:
it was not a murder in self-defense,
but a murder executed by Miss Mio.
It can't be...
(Go Kogoro) Miss Mio had everything very well prepared.
Let's start from the beginning.
"First, she tampered with the lock with a nightingale...
"To make it look like it had been picked..,
and then called Mr. Karashima."
"She told him that the door was open
and asked him to wait for her at home."
"Then she went to the cafeteria and showed the letters to Chiba to make him think she was being threatened.
to make him think she was being threatened."
"On leaving the premises, she expressly took the agent's umbrella."

"He's been about to run over in Chiba,
"That she had gone out after him,
to pretend there was someone who wanted to kill her."
Mr. Karashima, who arrived at the apartment before it started to rain,
was waiting for Miss Mio watching TV.
As the remote control had no batteries, he turned it on manually.
Miss Mio arrived at half past five in the morning.
"Mr. Karashima has turned off the TV."
"He knelt down in front of the screen to press the button....
and, while his back was turned, she hit it with a vase."
"He fell on his face and hit his nose on the furniture."
"That's the noise that Mr. Murakami, the neighbor downstairs, heard."
"Miss Mio put a knife between his fingers.
"And left next to the body
the cap and glasses she had used to attack in Chiba."
And the scream felt by the neighbor downstairs?
(Kogoro voice) It was faked by Miss Mio, of course.
That's why she chose such a poorly soundproofed apartment like this one.
The problem is that the murder noises have also been felt.
This is all very interesting, but only theories.
On the other hand, the victim's threats are genuine!
He threatened her by letter and during the trial.
- (Kogoro voice) Are you sure? -What?
What happened during the trial is undeniable,
but this letter thing is different.
The letters he rewrote
after a few months of silence said:
"'I'll come see you when I get out of jail.'
"But also, 'I want to tell you the truth,
and that's why I need to see you'."
It is likely that he wanted to confess to her that it was he who was driving
when they had the accident that killed his brother.
Oh!
Really? The truth is, it's hard to believe.
If he was the one driving,
how come he didn't admit it to the police or during the trial?
Because now he knew he was running out of time.
Takagi!
Where the hell have you been?
(Kogoro voice) I'm surprised so many months of silence,
and I asked Takagi to call the jail.
Shortly before I stopped writing,
Mr. Karashima was diagnosed with a serious illness
during a medical checkup.
He was told he had 6 months to live.
What do you say, now!
However, when he was released from prison, he did not...
he did not go to the hospital that was recommended to him to start treatment.
(Kogoro voice) I was looking for Ms. Mio,
who had changed jobs and apartments.
Then, it must be true, she wanted to confess....
It can't be, I don't believe it!
And even if it were true, I wouldn't have forgiven her.
Maybe anyone else would have, but not me!
Oh, Mio...
When my brother died that way, my fiancé left me.
The father was fired from his job,
fell into a depression and died of illness.
Mother died soon after.
Nobody wanted to help us.
Nobody believed it, that my brother was innocent.
-That's why... (Kogoro voice) That's why he took revenge.
Yes, that's right.
Don't tell me you'll confess to the crime?
Yes.
I'm sorry for Mr. Mouri, who found nothing but clues,
but I have to admit that I don't regret anything.
-I don't regret anything! -Mio, I...
(Kogoro voice) Now let's leave aside the clues
and I'll explain the "truth" I've discovered.
And when you know the truth,
you'll realize that what you've done didn't make any sense.
In fact, there is no murder that makes any sense.
What do you mean?
Instead of explaining it, we'll play it back.
Conan! (Conan voice) Yes!
Miss Mio will play the victim,
and Agent Chiba will play Miss Mio.
Inspector Megure, can you turn on the TV?
Yes...
(TV: male) "The batsman Maeda has played a great game."
(Kogoro voice) Chiba, pretend to pick up the murder weapon.
What do you mean?
Like this?
(Kogoro voice) Miss Mio, turn off the TV without changing your posture.
Oysters!
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Karashima saw her.
But he didn't try to defend himself.
He probably knew of her plans and did nothing to stop them.
Yes... He was sorry for what he had done.
Now that he knows everything, he still has no remorse?
("Overwrite", Breakerz)


Nee kimi wa boku ni Itta su "me wo hanasanaide ite".
Kono isshun no toki wa hajimari de owari.
Aoi sora shizumu Taiyou
kurikaeshi meguru kisetsu.
Futo miageru to
onaji katachi no
kumo wa nagarete nakatta.
Kokoro ni kizamu yo Kono Shunkan wo.
Kawara tsudzukeru kimi no sono Sugata wo.
Hitomi ni utsusu yo kimi no egao mo.
Minogasanai you ni.
Dakara baby, baby,
mata aimashou.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Overwrite....
(Shinichi voice) "After this case,
"There's no doubt that the investigation into the accident
that happened a year ago."
"But the life taken away will no longer return,
and the crime committed cannot be erased."
In the end I could do nothing to help you.
-I have used you to take revenge for the accident that happened a year ago.
I have used you to take revenge on the police...,
who didn't investigate the accident more thoroughly.
Yeah, but... if I had found you earlier to give you back your umbrella
and get me back,
maybe at least he could have avoided being killed tonight.
Be that as it may, I don't deserve...
that you keep protecting me under your umbrella.
Mine, but...
Forgive me.
And thank you.
Now it's her turn to pay for what she's done.
Yes, but I'm sure Chiba's kindness has moved her.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yes, I'm sure it has."
You can't say we're married yet, you and me.
Hatsune?
Tell me, where are you now?
It looks like Hatsune's car...
What did you say?! It can't be!
We were meeting because she had hired my services...
to investigate.
Soc detective. (Shinichi, thinks) "Detective?!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The eve of the wedding (part one) '."

