(Male) Raita, Hatsune!
Congratulations, couple!
Long live the bride and groom!
Come on, man, come on, don't mail so much.
The wedding is tomorrow.
You can't say we're married yet, you and me.
It doesn't matter.
It's the bachelor party.
And besides, tomorrow, after the ceremony,
we're going straight on our honeymoon.
T-this is true.
-Hey, couple!
I'm so jealous! -Man!
It's been a long time, Mouri!
Ah, you're the famous detective, then?
Yes.
We were high school classmates.
It's Kogoro Mouri.
-It's a pleasure.
I'm Hatsune. Pleasure's mine, woman.
Then you must be Mr. Mouri's daughter.
Yes, my name is Ran.
My name is Conan, I live with them.
It's a long story to tell, but yes.
He explained to me that you fell in love at first sight, right?
Yes.
So I saw her, I knew it was fate.
And I knew he was the man of my life.
We agreed on everything:
the anniversary, the blood type and our personal situation.
Sometimes we even know what each other is thinking
without saying a word.
Wow! If I may...
Ouch!
What are you doing?!
-I'm sorry! -Look how you've left me, you idiot! -Wow!
Oh, my... You stepped on the cake!
I'm so sorry!
It's my first day at work and I still don't know how to...
Don't worry.
Would you mind taking us a cloth, to clean the pants?
-No, of course!
Right away! -Hey.
Even if you like the waiter, you don't need to poke him in the eye like that.
-Gee, are you jealous? -It's not that!
You haven't changed a bit.
You like women so much, and then you don't let them live.
Look who's talking!
You used to scare the men who wanted to get close to Eri!
Ah... It's not true! Oh, is that so?
How funny!
Oh, mother.
I'll never be able to understand these men's desire for control.
-Eh?
Where are you going? -To the beauty parlor.
I want to get false nails decorated, for the wedding.
But if it's not necessary, woman, you know that.
Besides, can't you see how it's raining?
So what?
I've already made the reservation.
Oh, by the way, the salon is all women,
so you don't have to suffer either.
I'm sure I've told you before, but if you cheat on me, you'll regret it.
The same goes for me..., my love.
Eh? Eh?
Well, I'll be back in a couple of hours.
-You'll see how happy I'll be. -Goodbye.
I don't know why she doesn't put them on before the wedding and that's it.
She'll take them off to go to sleep.
No, false nails don't come off,
they're worn for 24 hours straight.
What?
To take a bath and everything? Mm-hm.
(thinks) "He-he! Gee, I don't know if I'd like it, being a woman.
(Sucks)
"Summer memories are so vivid that they stand the passage of time
and solve mysteries."
"The tragic explosion of a car during the eve of a wedding."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"On the eve of the wedding (part one)"
(Raita) Come on, girls, it's my last night as a bachelor!
I could spoil myself a little!
Control yourself, Raita!
You'll make your wife angry.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
Mi-te.
What do you know, tomorrow he'll marry that beauty!
Well, look, I don't know who reminds me... Eh?
He-he!
Eh?
-Excuse me, sir. -Hm?
(Mobile)
You, again?
(Mobile) What?
What do you want now?
It's just that your cell phone's been ringing for a while.
-I'm sorry I untwisted it. -Hm?
Oh, wow.
Ah.
A message from Hatsune.
"Since you're not picking up my phone,

I send you a picture of what you will have the honor to see here half an hour".
-You see, man?
Look how t'esteem.-Yes, I guess.
-It looks like teenagers (mobile: buzzing).
Excuse me, I'm going to the toilet.
So far!
"Eh? How come, he has two mobiles?"
"I don't know who he's talking to, but he makes a scary face."
"Oh. How quickly he hung up."
"And now he's going straight to the bathroom."
"That means his interlocutor must be inside."
What's up, Conan?
What are you looking at? What are you looking at?
That you've seen someone you know? Mm-hm.
No, nothing's wrong!
"Never mind, it's none of my business."
"Look, maybe it was this man, the one on the phone."
Waiter!
Yes?
What can I get you, sir?
-A bourbon neat, sisplau. Yes, right away.
Be careful, you idiot!
S-sorry!
Raita, you mean you haven't had too much to drink?
Don't worry, I'm fine.
-Hey, cambrer. Yes.
Yes, I'm fine.
-Do you remember, what I asked you? -Yes, I do.
-You said a bourbon neat, right? -Correcte.
-Good memory. -Next.
Hey, Raita, why are you making this dog face?
What's that?
I'm not making a face at all, ho.
By the way...
Isn't this party also a reunion
of former students from your class?
Yes.
It seems that the party with the bride's friends was held another day.
It's a pity that the mother had to work today.
So, that man with the sunglasses...
is he also a former classmate?
What?
Hm... I don't remember him.
But who knows, it's been more than 20 years.
Hm...
(Mobile)
Hello?
Yes, that's right.
Yes.
Yes...
So what?
Yes.
Yes.
Aah!
-Oh, oh, oh, oh... -What-what are you doing?!
Where's your head?!
Ah... I'm sorry.
It's just that the gentleman has suddenly jumped on me and...
What's wrong? -Don't touch me!
Loosen up, Raita!
You see, you've had too much to drink?!
Oh, my God!
You have blood on your hand!
-Relax, woman, it's nothing.
H-How is it nothing?!
-You'll be all right, won't you?! -You'll be all right, won't you?! - Hey, Raita!
Do you feel us or what?!
The only person I need to talk to is Hatsune.
Hello.
Hatsune?
Where are you now?
Hm?
Like "goodbye"?
Why are you telling me that, now?!
Hey, Hatsune!
Hatsune?!
Tell me, where are you, now?!
(explosion)
-It looks like Hatsune's car. -What did you say?
It can't be!
Ran!
Call the fire department, an ambulance and the police!
All right, all right, all right! Hatsune... Hatsune...
- (Kogoro) Where's the fire extinguisher? - (woman) It's here.
Hatsune, hey, are you okay?
Hatsune!
(communication cut off: tut, tut, tut)
Hatsuuuuneee !!!!
As the corpse is charred,
we're trying to identify it with a dental study,
but the victim is most likely the owner of the car
is most likely the owner of the car, Hatsune Kamon.
Hm.
And it's true that, just before the car exploded,
Ms. Kamon was on the phone
and hinted that she would commit suicide?
-Yes. -Inspector.
Hm?
Inside the trunk there are these two large suitcases.
They look like travel bags.
If I may, gentlemen...
I think it's the luggage for the honeymoon.
So that the deceased was getting married just tomorrow
with a friend of mine from school days.
When you get married you are supposed to be happy.
Why, a suicide?
You never know.
Maybe she had a sudden panic attack.
By the way, Inspector Takagi... Hm?
-Coi as a kid!
Here we go again?! - Let it be.
What have you found, now? This is not a false nail?
Is it?
That's right!
What's it doing here?
It must be hers.
A couple of hours ago, Ms. Kamon went to a beauty salon
to have her nails done, precisely.
Oh, she did?
"Perhaps it's too soon to be 100% certain
that this was a suicide."
What?!
A murder?!
You're ruling out suicide?!
Yes, it is.
The fingernail that Conan found next to the car
had traces of human skin.
This makes us suspect that someone may have assaulted her
when it was right next to the car door,
and she has scratched it.
Therefore, the skin could be from the attacker.
Hm.

And who was it?
Who is it, the one who killed Hatsune?!
Ah, you must be Raita Banba, Miss Hatsune's fiancé, right?
Yes, myself.
And how did you do it, this wound on your hand?
Ah... This?
I fell before and cut myself on a glass.
Hm.
That's good.
And this brush, does it ring a bell?
Y-yes.
Because it's mine.
I thought it was in the suitcase I was taking on my trip.
Yes.
As you say, it was in one of the suitcases...
that was in the trunk of the burned-out car.
Well, we've extracted hair from this brush...
and we ran a comparison to rule out possibilities,
and it turns out that its DNA
is almost identical to the skin that was attached to the fingernail.
-What? -What what?
-But what is this? -What does this man say?
But... but what does it say, man?
He accuses me of killing my promise?!
No, calm down.
As we've told you, it's not a hundred percent accurate.
Of course, we will need your permission to make more precise tests.
-What did you take me for?! - Come on, calm down, Raita.
-You didn't do it, did you? -Of course I didn't!
Although...
it's also possible that she scratched you while you were resisting...
and that you threw yourself against me expressly
to hurt your hand and hide it.
-What?
What are you saying now? - Ha!
What the hell.
You mean it's not you,
that you killed your lover before seeing him marry someone else?
-Hey, fake waiter? -What?
Wait a minute!
What's this all about?
Don't worry, if you don't want to say it, I will.
This pig was seeing Hatsune in secret!
They were lovers!
As it says?!
Is... is this true?
Come on, answer!
It's half true.
We were seeing each other... because he had hired my services to investigate.
Soc detective.
"De-detective?!"
De-detective, you say?!
This doesn't make any sense!
For the detective hired by Hatsune
is bartending at the place where we're having the wedding party...
is too much of a coincidence!
-It's not a coincidence at all. What?
She chose this place to celebrate the party
precisely because she knew it was where I worked.
-And why the hell did she do that?! - That's easy.
So that she could closely observe your movements.
My movements?
Yes.
She asked me expressly.
Since she knew you're a womanizer,
she wanted to make sure you didn't have any affairs.
In fact, that's also why I stained your pants with the cake,
so that it would be noticed, if anyone approached you.
I'm quite aware that Miss Hatsune cannot corroborate
that she hired me
as she has unfortunately burned to death in the parking lot of the premises,
inside her car, a short time ago,
but even so, there is still someone who can confirm it.
This man here, the one wearing sunglasses, surely knows.
Interestingly, he was present on the day I met with her
to inform her of the provisional results of the investigation.
May I know who he is, you, then? No, I...
I suspect he must also be a detective, like me.
Another ?!
Your client must a boyfriend, Mr. Banba.
Suspecting that your partner was seeing someone on the sly,
he asked him to follow her,
and the detective confirmed his suspicions.
But since the man she was seeing was wearing a cap and hood,
she didn't get to see his face.
Now, once here, he noticed that the voice of the mysterious man?
sounded a lot like me,
"And he called me to his table to get me to talk to him
and confirm if his suspicion was correct."
"He then signaled Mr. Banba...
"to inform him that it was the same voice."
Just before that
you called your client and made him go to the bathroom,
I suppose to tell him that she suspected
that the man she was meeting was the local,
and that she wanted to make sure;
Am I wrong?
No, you're right.
I didn't realize you'd be a detective too, frankly.
The truth is that you work very well.
Mr. Banba, were you really thinking of getting married tomorrow, you,
knowing that your fiancée was seeing someone else?
Why didn't you ask her and ask her enough?
Is that the detective had told me

that since that day they had not seen each other again.
And besides, I was afraid that Hatsune would leave me,
if she knew that I had hired someone to follow her.
We were both adopted, and that had brought us together in a very strong way.
"Here's why you coincided in personal situation."
Why didn't you hire me?
I would have pegged her right away, this little kid with the airs of a detective.
I couldn't do it!
You're famous, people can recognize you.
Besides, I wanted to introduce you to her, Hatsune.
Yes, but if you had left her to me, she might still be alive.
She thinks that, if she wanted to burn to death,
perhaps it is because this one has spoken to her
that all the women at the party are hitting on you.
I didn't tell her anything like that!
And now!
Besides, he was only joking with them because he had been drinking.
Even if I had told him on the phone,
I doubt he would have killed himself, that's why.
Speaking of telephones, Mr. Banba,
I understand that, before they saw the flames, you called her,
and she spoke to you in a way that made you think she wanted to kill herself.
Yes, well... She said "goodbye" and she was crying.
Was she really? Yes, if you don't believe me...
Look!
I have it here, the call log!
Today, at 08:54!
May I have a moment?
What time did you call the police?
Let's see...
At 9:21 minutes.
How is it that there is almost half an hour difference?
What do you tell me?! Excuse me...
It's me, the one who called.
First I called the ambulance and the fire department,
and they kept me longer than I thought.
But unfortunately, by the time the firemen arrived,
the flames had already gained so much strength
that they couldn't do anything to save her.
Yes, but it's a bit strange, isn't it?
As far as I know, the seats are not made of flammable materials.
How can it be that the fire was so virulent?
Now that you mention it, we even felt some explosions.
Ah.
That's because there were sprays.
Inside the car there were a lot of spray cans,
paper and cardboard, and this accelerated the fire.
What was this doing inside the car?
Tonight, after the party,
we wanted to decorate the car between the two of us with the sprays,
making stencils with the papers.
The idea was to show up at the ceremony site with the painted car and surprise all the guests.
and surprise all the guests.
Yes-if you don't believe me, look at the messages!
You will see that he sent me a message telling me that he already had all the material!
Hm?
I see that tonight, at 08:18 min,
she sent you a message saying she would arrive "here half an hour".
What can you tell me?
Ah, well... Yes, she must have sent it to me from the beauty parlor.
This means that you knew
what time Miss Hatsune would be back,
and also that there was a lot of flammable material in the car.
You don't deny it, do you? Uh...
No... What are you insinuating?
It's very simple.
That he may have snuck out of the place, waited for her in the parking lot,
knocked her out, put her in the car,
set her on fire and let her burn to death!
What are you saying?
On top of that, it turns out that next to the car was one of the fingernails...
that she had just put on.
And on the tip of the nail there were tiny remnants of skin left behind.
W-wait a minute.
As it is,
it's very likely that the skin has stuck to the nails
when it tried to defend itself against the person who was attacking it.
And it turns out that the match of the DNA of the skin...
with that of the hairs we found on her brush is almost complete.
B-but I've already been told that maybe it's not!
Hey, Mouri!
Tell them something, you too!
If it's not a hundred percent match,
it could be because the debris left on the fingernail
have been soiled by rain or mud,
and, therefore, the information obtained is not complete.
But, except in the case of kinship,
it is impossible for the genetic profile of two individuals to match so closely.
Taking this into account, the most logical thing to think about is....
that, if the DNAs are similar,
it is because they are both from the same person.
You... You shut up, you bastard!
Hey, no violence, please!
Mr. Mouri, immobilitzi'l!
I don't want you to hit me again.
It won't be necessary.

Come on, Raita, calm down.
Don't you see that we don't know for sure
if the hairs in that brush are yours or not?
The best thing to do is to let them take a sample to check it.
"I was afraid of that."
"Yes, that's right... But how did you do it to...?"
So, Mr. Banba,
would you give us permission to get a sample of your DNA?
-Y-yes. -Acompanyi'm, then.
Gee, Conan.
Don't you find DNA amazing?
Before, with saliva, at most you could tell your blood type,
but now you can identify someone in a jiffy.
Yes, that's true.
Wow, just like that,
even someone who has changed their appearance can't hide.
Right?
Ah, yes... You're right.
"Everything will become clearer with the results of the analysis, but..."
"Let's say yes, the murderer is him."
"How could he still have that?"
"Perhaps he has used some kind of trick."
"But, if so, how come he's not saying anything?"
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
Inspector Megure! Hm?
From here you can go directly to the parking lot,
through a door at the back of the store.
But, since it was raining heavily at the time of the incident
and no one wanted to go out, it was locked.
So you're telling me, then,
that the only way out was to use the front door?
Yes.
But most likely someone would have seen it and remembered.
Are you sure there's no other way out?
Well, yes, you could get out through the washroom window,
but it leads to an unpaved alleyway
where, besides, there's a huge puddle of water now,
so, if he'd gone through there, there'd be traces.
We would have found some footprints.
Ah, it is also clear that at the time of the incident there was a lot of wind.
We know this because the deceased was carrying an umbrella
and it blew her to the other end of the parking lot.
"Windy, you say?"
"That's right, when we were on our way here it was blowing hard too."
What?
What do you say, detectives?
Can you think of anything we can use?
I don't know.
When I told him that his promise was seeing a man,
he was shocked, yeah.
But lately the girl had been seeing someone on the sly,
and now he was very worried about who it was.
Anyway, I guess the person she was talking to on the phone was you.
Ah, well, no.
Whenever I had to contact her, I always did it with messages.
And we only met on the street once, when you saw us.
But there was a moment when her eyes darkened.
Darkened, you say? Yes.
Well, since I'm a detective,
I was investigating Mr. Banba's life in detail,
and I finally discovered something.
Hm?
What's that?
It turns out that he and Hatsune were rescued from a burning hotel,
and, since they were small and couldn't identify them,
they were taken to a church where they were raised.
What?
So, we were not wrong.
He didn't know that his promise had hired a detective
and thought he had a lover.
Mad with jealousy, he decided to murder her.
Coi de...!
(Kogoro voice) So, it's confirmed: you didn't kill him.
"If my deductions are correct,
we will have to reveal a cruel reality."
"A sad truth that I should never have known."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The eve of the wedding (part two) '."

