"In Kogoro, Ran and I go to the bachelor party...
of a childhood friend of Kogoro's who is getting married the next day."
"The party is very lively, and the bride, the Hatsune Kamon," Ran says,
"She takes advantage of it to go to the beauty salon
to get her nails done for the ceremony."
"Unfortunately, after two hours,
"She says goodbye to her fiancé by saying 'goodbye' over the phone,
"And then she is found charred inside her car,
which has exploded in the parking lot."
"At first everything points to suicide,
"But one of the fingernails turns up next to the vehicle,
and they find traces of skin with DNA almost identical to the boyfriend's."
"But he denies he had anything to do with it...
"And he directs suspicions to the bartender,
who had been seeing Hatsune on the sly."
"The alleged waiter reveals that he is a private detective
and that he was working for the girlfriend, tracking Banba's movements."
"There is another detective, hired by Banba,
who can corroborate this."
"And so, suspicions again point to the fiancé,
who agrees to a DNA test."
"Summer memories are so vivid
that they stand the test of time and solve mysteries."
"The couple's past reveals the truth."
"But how do you prove the groom's innocence?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
"Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"On the eve of the wedding (part two)."
Inspector Megure!
From here you can directly access the parking lot,
through a door at the back of the premises.
But, since it was raining heavily at the time of the incident....
and no one wanted to go out, it was locked.
Are you telling me, then,
that the only way out was to use the front door?
Yes, but, in this case,
most likely someone would have seen it and remembered.
Are you sure there is no other way out?
Well, yes, you could get out through the washroom window,
but it leads to an unpaved alleyway.
where, besides, there's a huge puddle of water now,
so, if he'd gone through there, there'd be traces.
We would have found some footprints.
Ah, it is also clear that at the time of the incident there was a lot of wind.
We know this because the deceased was carrying an umbrella
and it blew her to the other end of the parking lot.
(He thinks) "Windy, you say?"
"That's right, when we were on our way here it was blowing hard too."
What?
What do the detectives say?
Can they think of anything I can do?
I don't know.
When I told him that his promise was seeing a man,
he was shocked, yeah.
But lately the girl had been calling someone on the sly,
and now he was very worried about who it was.
Anyway, I guess the person she was talking to on the phone was you.
No.
Whenever I had to contact her, I always did it by text.
And we only met on the street once, when you saw us.
But there was a moment when her eyes darkened.
Darkened, you say? Yes.
Well, since I'm a detective,
I was investigating Mr. Banba's life in detail,
and I finally discovered something.
Mm?
What's that?
It turns out that he and Hatsune were rescued from a burning hotel,
and, since they were small and couldn't be identified,
they were taken to a church where they were raised.
"What?"
So, both of their parents died at the same fire?
Yes, it looks like it was a terrible fire?
that caused many deaths.
They were both very young.
So, in what you say, they must have known each other since childhood.
No.

He was adopted by a family right away,
but she, on the other hand, was raised in the church for a longer period of time.
And do you know why her eyes darkened, this?
No.
She told me she'd look into the rest.
Hey, Ran.
How tall was she supposed to be, Hatsune?
She was a little shorter than you, wasn't she?
But you have to take into account
she was wearing boots with very high heels.
She'd be quite a bit shorter than me.
I don't think she'd be five feet tall.
And then?
Why are you asking me, Conan?
"The average height of Japanese women is about five foot five, if I'm not mistaken.
Inspector Megure!
Eh?
Did we get the results of the DNA analysis?
No, that's not it.
This hasn't come in yet.
But the autopsy results say
the body's missing a fake fingernail.
We already know that.
It was by the car.
No, I mean he's missing this one and another one.
Two in total.
What do you mean?
Gee, maybe the other one fell inside the car and burned up.
"Or maybe not."
Oh.
Co... Conan!
What?
You want to know where we found the umbrella?
Can you tell me what good this will do you?
It's just that Mr. Mouri told me to ask you.
Over there in the corner, where there's that car.
It was stuck like that.
Hey, wait a minute, man!
"It could be that, when he let go of the umbrella,
"the other nail had fallen inside it
and they both went flying."
"Mi-te-la!"
"Besides, the car and the wheel protected him from the rain...
and it hardly got dirty at all."
"It looks like what's on the tip are traces of skin and blood."
Hey, do you know there's a fake fingernail under here?
What?
I'd say it must be from the woman who died, so be careful.
They want to analyze the remains on the tip.
Understood.
"This will probably clear everything up."
"We'll know who decided to end her life."
"And, if my deductions are correct,
we will have to reveal a cruel reality."
"A sad truth
that I should never have known."
(Raita) Shit!
I don't understand anything that's going on!
What rage!
Oh, what pain.
(Raita) It goes.
You'd better calm down a little, Raita.
I guess you're aware that your situation is delicate.
Hatsune was burned to death inside her own car,
which was the parking lot,
and next to it we found a false fingernail of hers,
with traces of skin from what we believe to be the killer.
Then it turns out that the DNA on this skin
is almost identical to the hairs found on your brush.
It is only natural that you are the prime suspect in his death.
Think, Raita.
Could anyone have ever used your hairbrush?
Apart from me?
For example, if a friend slept over at your place?
I don't know.
I don't remember right now...
But, of course, it's been half a year since Hatsune and I lived together.
Who knows if, at some point when I wasn't there,
she invited some detective and he used it.
It's... true that she hired my services as a detective,
but I've never been to her house, me.
Not parents of saying that you are a detective, but to me all this smells bad.
Now that Hatsune is dead,
there's no one left to corroborate what you're saying.
And, if you're even the slightest bit skilled,
maybe you tricked my detective into losing track of you.
You came home, assisted me with the brush...
and you gave me hair from who knows who to pin it on me.
-Have you thought this through? -Ah... No.
I'm a detective, not a spy.
No, it wasn't like that.
Huh?
The DNA test results came back.
And it's already confirmed:
the hair in your hairbrush was yours, Mr. Banba.
What's that?
Are you serious?!
Yes. So, we weren't wrong.
I did not know that your promise had hired a detective
and thought he had a lover.
Crazy with jealousy, he decided to murder her.
He waited for Miss Hatsune to come back, attacked him in the parking lot,
put her in the car and set her on fire.
-It fits perfectly. -Co... Coi de...!
I'm sorry to hear that.
But I'm afraid you'll have to accompany us to the police station.
One... one moment, please!
Mouri, please, do something!
I... I wish I could, but...
-Mouri... -Come on.
Aa... Alright, very well.
We have the car a bit far away.

I'm sorry, but if you don't have an umbrella, we'll get wet.
-What?
Is it raining again? Yes, and quite a lot, actually.
Right now, I'm least worried about getting wet.
Ah... Aaaaaaaaaah...
Wow, it's a curtain of water.
(Conan voice) Are you sure, Raita?
Think about it.
(Conan voice) What?
I'm asking you if you're sure, you want to get out of here.
Of course I don't want to, but what do you want me to do?
The only option is to go to the police station and defend my innocence.
That's it.
That way, it's confirmed:
you didn't kill him.
Pa... Father? Let's see, Mouri.
It's all very well for him to go to the police station of his own free will,
but this doesn't imply he's innocent, they're different things.
Maybe he feels confident and wants to cooperate
because he thinks that, as long as he doesn't confess, we can't accuse him.
No.
He's wrong.
Are you sure?
Think back.
Under what circumstances did Hatsune's car catch fire?
Because it was raining,
the door to the parking lot was locked.
And she couldn't have climbed out of the washroom window either,
because there's a big puddle of water underneath
and the killer would have left footprints.
So the only thing he could have done is to go out the front door,
but considering he was the star of the party,
some guest would have seen it and remembered, don't you think?
It's not that no one saw it.
I would rather say that they simply didn't notice.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Well, she disguised herself in the bathroom, of course.
All he had to do was hide the costume before the party.
For example, if he had put on a wool cap and a sweatshirt,
I doubt very much that, dressed like that, anyone would have recognized her.
Think that at the beginning of the party everyone has seen him.
He has already made sure that people noticed him,
because they remembered how he was dressed.
Wait, then,
How do you explain the phone call I made to Hatsune
just before the car exploded?
When she said goodbye to me, and she was crying.
I felt it, that's it!
Are you sure you called her just before the explosion?
What do you mean?!
I would say that you have been waiting for her in disguise in the parking lot,
and that the famous call was made
just as she got out of the car.
"He wanted to take advantage of the fact that she was on her cell phone to hit her
and make her lose consciousness."
I imagine that she put up a fight,
but he finally managed to get her inside the vehicle.
"Then he set her on fire and ran back here,
"He changed his clothes in the bathroom
"And then he threw himself on me expressly to hurt his hand
to hide the scratches she had given him."
Then she pretended to call him in front of everyone,
you pretended that the people around you thought that she was saying goodbye to you.
that she was saying goodbye to you,
and all she had to do was look at the burning car
because everyone noticed.
The role of the desperate boyfriend...
who sees the woman he loves commit suicide in front of his eyes.
"That the spray cans exploded just at that moment...
was lucky, wasn't it?"
But... What nonsense!
I swear that Hatsune has fired me!
Look, look at her cell phone, if necessary!
They must have found it inside the car!
Yes, there was a charred cell phone.
But even if we could recover the data,
we will never be able to feel the conversation.
Well, but if the hypothesis were true,
we should have found the clothes she wore in the bathroom, right?
Maybe he cut it up and flushed it down the toilet.
It's not that difficult.
Both wool caps and nylon sweatshirts can be cut into small pieces.
can be cut into small pieces.
- (Kogoro voice) And what about the shoes? (Kogoro voice) -Huh?
Shoes can't just be cut.
Ha-ha-ha.
Man, but you don't have to change it, the shoes.
As long as you walk fast and don't stop anything,
no one will notice your shoes.
Besides, he's wearing very normal sneakers.
-They sell them to any place. Let's see, Raita.
Can you take them off, please?
Show us all the soles, come on.
What?
Here we'll find the proof that it wasn't you.
There's like a creamy substance stuck to it.
What! Ah...

I guess it must be chocolate cake.
Earlier a piece fell on the floor and he stepped on it.
And when did this happen?
Before Hatsune left the party to go to the beauty salon.
Ah!
Of course, of course!
It was raining heavily at the time of the incident,
so if she had gone out then,
all this chocolate would have come off with the water!
And especially if I had to return to the current party,
after setting fire in the car!
It is logical.
Sure, which proves that he could not have gone out.
Exactly.
The truth is that I had already seen it,
but first I thought
that it would be a set-up by Raita to have an alibi.
He could have changed his shoes somehow,
show me the chocolate slyly
and used it to make us think that he hadn't gone out.
Now, he didn't just step on the cake by accident,
since the detective has thrown it on himself,
but he didn't even tell me about it,
that he had some remains on the sole of his shoe.
And besides, now I was ready to go out into the street,
even though the rain would wash away the evidence that exculpated him.
And that is why I am completely sure.
Chocolate is not a trick;
it's the definitive proof that proves Raita's innocence.
Mo... Mouri...
But... What about the DNA?
You don't take into account that on her fingernails there were traces of skin
with a DNA almost identical to hers!
And this also proves that at that time they were together!
Have you not considered that the skin left on her nails may be her own?
could be hers?
What?
It has neither head nor tail!
I've said it before!
If they are not related,
it is impossible for the DNA of two people to be so similar!
It has been proven that the chances of finding someone
with the same DNA as you
are one person in 4.7 billion!
Besides, men have a Y chromosome that women do not have!
You can tell them apart right away!
If the problem is the skin, as you said,
it would be contaminated by rain and mud.
And such has affected precisely this chromosome.
But, even so, are you telling me that they met,
that they fell in love and that they were going to get married, all by chance?
Maybe it was by chance that they met,
but that they were attracted to each other was inevitable.
Because the truth is that they were twin brothers.
Be... Twins?
Raita, you said it yourself before.
You explained to us that you were born on the same day,
that you had the same blood group
and that we often understood you without words.
Well, yes, we did.
But that doesn't mean that we were....
I suspect that you didn't know it, but, when you were very young,
you and Hatsune saved you from a terrible fire in a hotel.
and, because they couldn't identify you,
you were handed over to a church.
What a ?
A... fire?!
It is obvious.
If the parents died in the fire,
they couldn't have known they were twins.
Wait a minute, shouldn't twins have the same DNA?
It is seen that in the univitelline twins it is the same,
but then they should be either two males or two females,
if I am not mistaken.
This is an exceptional case.
When the fertilized egg turns out to have the X-Y chromosomes,
that is to say, when it is male,
at the moment that the embryo divides in two,
for some reason one of them loses a Y chromosome, leaving X-Y and X-0.
In other words, in this case it is possible that they are born...
as univitelline twins of different sexes.
Come on.
It can't be possible.
She and I couldn't be siblings.
By the way, do you know how tall she was?
Yes.
A little under five feet, she said.
She was ashamed to be so short.
Well, yes, it's very likely that they were siblings.
When identical twins of different sexes are born,
the female has a tendency to be short because of Turner's syndrome.
But then,
Why did Hatsune have traces of skin on her fake fingernails?
(Kogoro voice) You still don't see it, Raita?
If the young detective explained to you
that both you and she were saved from the same burning hotel,
and she replied that she would take care of the rest,
what she meant was that she would ask for a DNA test to find out for sure
to find out for sure if you were siblings.
More than likely,
when she came from the beauty parlor and got out of the car,

you have received a call from the person
she ordered the test to give her the results.
And that's when she found out that you and she were twin brothers,
and therefore you couldn't get married.
No...
No... It can't be...
If there were traces of skin under her fingernails
it's because she scratched her face when she received the news.
And, in fact, she scratched her face so hard...
that two of her fingernails came off.
Then the wind blew the umbrella away,
and the missing nail fell inside.
It was found under a car.
It is now being analyzed, and I am sure the results will confirm it.
(Mobile)
Soc in Megure.
Yes.
Yes.
(Mobile) Okay.
Understood.
What did they tell you, Inspector?
Do you have the results of the fingernail analysis?
Yes, the remains of this fingernail were almost intact,
and they also found blood.
And yes, the DNA is exactly the same as Banba's,
minus the sex chromosome.
In addition, they have also obtained DNA samples from the corpse,
and they were a 100% match,
which would confirm that the skin under her fingernails is her own.
(Takagi) So, you mean she committed suicide?
Yes.
That's the only possible explanation.
And that makes me think that the person who has given her the results
has been very inopportune.
(Takagi) Well, I imagine that he knew that tomorrow they were getting married...
and she wanted to tell him as soon as possible,
before they made an irreparable mistake.
Hatsune... Hatsune...
Hatsune!
Hatsune!
"Raita Banba's screams
managed to silence the sound of the rain."
"We won't be able to know for sure why she decided to burn to death," she said,
"But it is possible that she wished to start over,
and that's why she wanted to return to the origin."
"To the flames that, shortly after her birth,
marked her tragic destiny."
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
(Kogoro) What?
You want to be my apprentice?
You want me to teach you the great Kogoro Mouri?
Sure, man!
After your great deduction the other day,
I realized that I still have a lot to learn.
And I want to start from scratch.
That's why I came to work near him,
because I'd love to take part in the cases he investigates.
-I don't know, kid....
I have a principle not to work with apprentices.
And I'd pay for his classes, of course.
I could give you for each case, if you like...
Of... Really?!
Welcome!
But from now on you'll have to call me "teacher".
-All right, Amuro? -Of course, master Mouri!
"Here we are, another heavy."
Kiodo?
This name rings a bell.
Ah!
Now that you mention it.
That girl said her name was Nanambi Kiodo.
Ah, she does karate with the Ran.
She's more senior.
What, nanos?
Are you up for a bout of adventure?
Yes!
The Ai has disappeared!
We'll come and get it! Stay here, Ayumi.
Do as I say!
Don't miss the next episode:
"The treasure of the Tower of Penumbra (part one)."

