"In Toru Amuro, the amateur detective....
"That we met a few days ago thanks to the DNA case,
"accused Mr. Mouri's friend in Raita Namba..,
of having committed a murder."
"But Mr. Mouri dismantled his theory
and proved that it was suicide."
"In Toru, impressed by Mr. Mouri's deductions," he said,
"He has started work at the Poirot café,
"located on the first floor of the agency,
because Mr. Mouri taught him the trade."

"Summer memories are so vivid
that they impose on the passage of time and solve mysteries."
"While the agency was empty,
something happened that no one could have imagined."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
"Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"The night of the detectives, (The case)."
(TV: man) "These are the pictures
the 3 robbers that have been made public today."
"The police, who have not yet been able to locate them..."
Wow!
On the news they don't talk about anything else all day.
It's normal, what did you expect?
It's barely a week since the robbery,
and it seems that one of the bank employees was shot dead.
They say that he was shot because he tried to act brave
and tried to confront the robbers.
Mm?
I don't think he stood up to them.
According to the testimony of one of the customers in the bank,
he raised his hands and said: " 'Okay', that's enough!".
It sounded more like he wanted to make peace.
But it had the opposite effect:
He made them even more angry and they shot him.
No matter, they will not be able to do any more misdeeds.
The 200 million they stole
had just arrived from the bank's headquarters in new bills,
so the serial number was clearly legible.
Yes...
The police will catch them
as soon as they try to circulate these bills.
It's only a matter of time.
Aaaah!
Reco!
What are you doing here?
I came to bring you some sandwiches to eat,
to thank you for all you're doing for me.
My treat, of course.
How nice!
And you brought some for us too?
Thank you so much!
Yes, of course!
They don't deserve it!
It's the least I can do for Mr. Mouri.
(Think) "This guy is going his own way."
By the way, what case will you offer him, the client he's waiting for?
What?
And how do you know I'm expecting a client?
You can tell right away.
On holidays, he spends the afternoon sitting on the couch...
...reading horse racing bulletins.
Today, on the other hand, he's shaved and his tie is neatly knotted,
and all this can only mean that he's expecting a visit.
You've hit the nail on the head, Toru.
You don't need the father to teach you how to do his job.
-And now!
-Mm?
This is all the result of Mr. Mouri's lessons.
-Thank you very much.
-You are a good apprentice, Amuro!
And there's one more thing:
At this hour, Yoko Okino will be performing live.
But you have the TV off
and it looks more like you're trying to keep a clear head.
So, it must be an important case.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Let's go, let's go!
Viva la Yoko!
-D... this...
-Come on, come on!
What's wrong with him?
He changed the time of the meeting so we can see Yoko live.
Come on, Yoko!
"Ah... Mr. Mouri is also at his."
"The soccer match of the week..."
-(Toru) What?
- (Toru) About it...
I got it right, didn't I, when I said I was expecting a customer's visit?
Mm?
Yes, but I don't have any kind of clue who it might be.
No?
No, because it's the first client...
to offer me a case through my new website.
Oh, my goodness!

So, you have opened an "online" agency?
You are unique, Mr. Mouri!
You could say that you know how to do everything!
He-he!
Yes, well...
I thought it was about time to modernize a bit
and enter the digital world.
"In fact, I'm the one who designed the page for you."
Let's see, now all that's left is to enter the password and.... and that's it!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What a domain, Conan!
Dr. Agasa taught me.
Very well, then.
Now that the program is finished, the client should be about to arrive.
-Mm?
- (mobile: message tone)
An e-mail?
It goes like this:
"My name is Kei Kashizuka
and I had arranged to meet you at your office,
but for personal reasons
I would prefer to meet at the Colombo restaurant.
It is next to the agency, so there is no need to change the time.
I look forward to hearing from you, whether it suits you or not".
Wow, what a laziness!
I'll tell him no.
It's a client, Father!
You can not afford that luxury.
Besides, Conan and I have not yet eaten.
We could take the opportunity to eat in Colombo.
And what will we do with these sandwiches?
Don't worry.
We'll keep them in the fridge and eat them for dinner.
Mm?
Ew!
Sandwiches for dinner!
Eh?
Father, you'll get the ash!
Ouch!
Oh!
Please be careful, Father!
Although you'll catch fire!
And I've had enough of putting out fires
because of someone who does not work the hours he should work.
Ben found, yes ma'am!
Mr. Mouri,
don't you mind if I accompany you to the interview at the Colombo restaurant?
Today I do the afternoon shift at Poirot.
You do it yourself, it's no problem for me.
But private lessons are not free, eh?
Don't suffer for it.
-Mm?
-Mr. Mouri.
I'm going for a moment to get my coat, I'll catch up with you.
I'll catch up with you.
-Yes.
-How?
The key to a closet?
It was found among the personal belongings of my client's brother,
who died recently.
The client wants me to find the locker that opens this mysterious key.
He says, if it contains anything important,
he wants to bury it with his brother.
And this is easy to find?
These types of keys
usually have the manufacturer's name and serial number engraved on them.
It will only be necessary to call the manufacturer
and ask him where he delivered the locker.
Doesn't sound like a very complicated case, does it?
Wow, it's easier than I thought.
It's easier than I thought.
Oh, it is.
And he just asked you to investigate this, the client?
Yes, and he's paying me 300,000 yen to do it.
-You can say that again...
-What a bargain, huh?
"Why were you so lazy to come, then?"
Where is it?
It's a long time coming, this customer...
Yes...
Maybe there's another restaurant
there is another restaurant that is also called Colombo?
No, there isn't.
Earlier you wrote him back
to tell you that it was okay to change the location of the interview, right?
Yes, of course, I wrote back right away.
And now I have sent you several more e-mails
to tell her that I'm waiting for her here, but she doesn't answer me.
-Mm?
That's strange.
Last night's email you sent me
from a different address than the one she wrote me from before.
What's that?
Maybe his cell phone battery ran out and, while he was charging it,
he asked a friend for his cell phone so he could send you the email.
And maybe now it is this friend who has a dead cell phone.
Just a moment!
I sent the confirmation email to the last address...
Then, maybe you haven't read it and you are waiting for the agency,
the place where they had arranged to meet at the entrance.
That's right.
No, there is no one here either.
And I wrote to him at the first address just in case,
telling him I'd be right back.
I'm sure he won't be long in answering, then.
Yes, please.
Shall we make some tea while we wait?
I've had more coffee than I should have had at Colombo, I have to go to the toilet.
Wait, Ran.
Do you want me to give you a hand with the tea?
Yes, thanks!
Can you pass me the cups, please?
- (mobile: message tone)
- (Toru) Oh, so much.
(Mobile: message tone)
(mobile: message tone) Eh?
Oh! (mobile: message tone)
Goita!
It's the customer's reply.

He says he just arrived at Colombo and asks me to come.
Yes.
We'd better hurry.
I want to come too.
Aren't you waiting for me?
(Mobile: message tone)
I have to go to the toilet for a moment.
-Another mail from the customer.
- (mobile: message tone)
He wants all of us to go and says to hurry.
We're all going?
Does he mean us?
Who else do you want him to mean?
Well, we can go back to Colombo.
Come on, hurry up!
Let's go, let's go!
If we don't hurry, the customer will get tired of waiting.
Oh, my goodness!
Why can't I go alone?
The client wants all of us to go, right?
Come on...
Don't make noise, please.
-I think I know what happened. -Mm?
-Mm?
There was someone who didn't want the client to meet you.
He sent you a fake e-mail to change the meeting place...
and, when we all left the office,
he pretended to be an employee of the agency
and met with the client.
-Xxxt!
-What?
We have evidence.
The marks around the lock indicate that someone has forced the door.
And when I opened the kitchen cupboard
I saw that there was a wet teacup.
You don't keep a cup in the cupboard
without drying it first, do you, Ran?
Besides...
No...
Someone wiped the table and threw away the ashes
that Mr. Mouri dropped before he left.
They could only have done it while we were in the restaurant.
This means that while we were
that, while we were out,
someone has received Mr. Mouri's customer,
cleaned the ash off the table and served him a cup of tea.
At least,
that's what the wet cup in the kitchen indicates.
But... but why did he do that?
The customer just wanted to find a locker, didn't he?
It must be very valuable, what's in this locker.
Well, what do you think...
if we ask him himself?
Don't smoke!
But how would you like us to...?
The customer's answer came to him
when he was about to enter the bathroom, right?
And before he entered Conan, he sent another mail.
And on the floor in front of the toilet door,
there are drag marks.
-Yes.
-What?
It's likely that this other person has hijacked the client.
and even if she's hiding...
here, in the office sink.
"It can't be!"
Wow!
Let me get this straight.
Kei Kashizuka.
You had arranged a meeting with Mr. Mouri
to ask him to investigate the locker case.
A man who has introduced himself as en Mouri's apprentice
stunned her with a stun gun
and woke up locked in the bathroom, bound and gagged, right?
Yes.
He took off my boots to prevent me from running away,
even pulled the laces out.
Mmm...
When Mr. Mouri and others came back,
the man realized
that they had discovered that he was holding her in the washbasin
and became so nervous
that he put the gun in his mouth and killed himself.
Yes...
Is that it?
Anyway, I don't understand why he locked her in the bathroom.
He kept... asking me questions.
"Where is it, the locker that opens this key?"
She said she'd kill me if I didn't tell her!
Mm?
Inspector Megure.
According to the scientist,
no traces of gunpowder were found on Miss Kashizuka's skin and clothes.
no traces of gunpowder were found.
So it was a suicide.
Therefore, Miss Kashizuka has told the truth.
(Takagi) Yes, it seems so.
Understood.
First of all, I want you to find this cabinet...
to find out what was the purpose of the man who committed suicide.
Yes.
There's something wrong.
I don't understand why this man
made Miss Kashizuka come all the way here.
He just wanted to pressure her
to tell her where the cabinet that opens the key was, right?
That's right.
Instead of threatening her with the gun to take her away and interrogate her somewhere else
and interrogate her somewhere else,
you knocked her unconscious with a taser
and pinned her down with duct tape,
as if he intended to barricade himself in the bathroom.
Mmm... And, to round it off, he shot himself dead.
Maybe he felt harassed
because I came back to the office earlier than expected
and he knew he had no way out.

"As if it was him, who had discovered it..."
He seemed very nervous.
He was saying that, if he didn't find the cabinet right away, he would be in trouble.
About that, Miss Kashizuka,
is it true, that he had never seen you before, that man?
Yes.
Never in his life.
If the aim of the suicide was to steal the key
that was found among your brother's belongings,
it's likely that he was an acquaintance of yours, don't you think?
I'm sorry, but I hardly know my brother's friends.
mmm...
By the way, could you tell us how he died, your brother?
-Eh?
-That I do not feel, Miss?
-Yes, sorry.
-How did he die, your brother?
In an accident, 4 days ago.
This was my brother.
Wow, he's got his picture on the wallpaper.
You have his picture on your wallpaper.
"He looks so familiar, this man."
Speaking of cell phones...
This is the cell phone of the man who died.
What does that mean?
It's very strange.
The e-mail he sent to you posing as your client
to change the location of the interview is in the sent folder,
but there's no other e-mail.
What?
What? Oh, I didn't remember.
Oh, I didn't remember.
That man used my cell phone
to write him the last emails he received.
However, it's strange...
that in the sent folder there is only one e-mail.
And in the address book there is not a single contact,
although you can't say it's a new model.
Maybe he bought an old model he found on sale.
It has almost no bumps or scratches.
Besides, apart from the phone,
the coins and the wallet he had in his pocket make my head dance.
The coins and the wallet?
The key to the mysterious locker that you took from the Kashizuka
was in the pocket of his coat
with the taser, the tobacco and the lighter.
And he was also carrying almost 5,000 yen in coins.
5,000 yen?
Caram, so many coins must have weighed and made noise.
Yes.
In addition, in his wallet he had two 10,000 yen bills,
five 5,000 yen notes and 47 1,000 yen bills!
Don't you find that strange?
- (Toru) Excuse me, inspector.
-Yes, very much so.
If you don't mind,
could we take a look at the things the victim had in his pocket?
(Toru) Me?
Well, yes, of course.
You'd like to see it too, wouldn't you?
Thank you very much, Inspector.
Go ahead, I have nothing against it.
Mmm...
And that's it.
That's all there is to it.
(Kogoro) He did carry things, in his pocket!
Yes...
The key has been taken to Takagi
to investigate the locker issue, that's why it's missing.
By the way, Miss Kashizuka...
Hello.
On the floor of the washroom, at the feet of the corpse,
we found two towels
and there's one with a slightly damp tip.
Well... I don't know.
Can you tell us why?
I was very scared, I didn't see anything.
Also, under this towel we found his boot,
and the shoelace had a knot at the end.
that prevents it from escaping from the eye.
Ah!
This is a mania I've had since I was a little girl.
My brother used to say that, if I tied the laces of my sneakers like this, it would be easier to spread them out when I washed them,
it would be easier to spread them out when I washed them.
The boots I don't wash, of course, but I still have this habit.
Even though... even though my brother is no longer...
Inspector, how about leaving him here for the time being?
He lost his brother very recently,
and a man you didn't know at all just committed suicide in front of you.
Well, tomorrow we'll resume the interrogation at the police station, then.
Can you give us your telephone number and address?
Yes, I'll write them down on a sheet of paper.
In fact, I would prefer if you could show me some identification.
I've just graduated and I'm not working yet,
I don't have any business cards.
But I have a health card at home.
Then bring it tomorrow, please.
I will.
If you want to go home, I can drive you home.
I have it in the parking lot next door.
I wouldn't want that man's friends
to be waiting for you near your house to give you a scare.
I'd really appreciate it.
No, and now.
No need to thank me.
Come to think of it, what's he doing hanging around here?
Yes... It turns out that the Amuro is my first disciple, you know?
Yes!
Disciple?
Yes!

You mean you've been stuck with another detective.
What?
Another one?
Yeah, don't think you're the only one, kid.
Not long ago there was a girl detective who accompanied Mouri
wherever a crime had been committed.
Oh, yeah?
A girl detective?
Really? I'd love to...
I'd love to... meet her in person.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
Miss Kei, are we going well, this way?
Yes.
By the way, this car...
is like Inspector Sato's but in a different color, isn't it?
May I know why she had to come, you two?
Let's go well enxubats!
I'm sorry,
this car is not designed to carry 3 people in the back.
Don't worry, don't suffer.
The question is why did you have to come along?
Because I was worried about Miss Kei, that's why.
Well, I was anxious about being left alone
in a place where a man had just committed suicide.
You could have gone to your mother's house and stayed the night.
Come on!
You only came here because you like Miss Kei.
What nonsense!
What do you take me for?
"I wonder if she really committed suicide."
"But Miss Kei was standing next to him
and there were no traces of gunpowder on her body."
"What's more strange to me is that cell phone thing."
"How come in the inboxes of received and sent mails
there was only the email you sent to Mr. Mouri?"
"There's also the question of the coins he had in his pocket....
And the bills in the wallet."
"Who needs to carry so many bills and coins on them?"
"I have a feeling
that she's hiding something."
I can't take it anymore!
"It's wrong... It can't be!"
Do you like it, the fruit juice I bought you from the drink machine?
Mm-hm!
It's really good.
Yes.
"What? You say you're coming over here?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Night of the Detectives, (The Kidnapping)."

