(Shinichi voice) "Through the agency's new website,
Kogoro Mouri has received a seemingly simple case."
"The client has sent him a mail to ask him.
"To change the meeting place,
"And Mr. Mouri, his new disciple, at Toru Amuro,
"Ran and I have been waiting for him at a restaurant,
but no one showed up."
"When we returned to the office,
"Mr. Mouri received another mail from the client and,
as we were about to leave again..."
-Mm?
-Stop making noise, please.
I think I know what happened.
There was someone who didn't want the client to meet with you.
He sent you a fake e-mail to change the meeting place and, when we all left the office, when we all left the office, he sent you a fake e-mail to change the meeting place,
and when we all left the office,
he pretended to be an employee of the agency
and met with the client.
But-but why did he do that?
The client just wanted to find a locker, right?
It must be very valuable, what's in this locker.
Well, what do you think...
if we ask him himself?
Don't smoke!
But how do you want me to...?
The customer's answer came to him
when he was about to enter the bathroom, right?
And before he entered Conan, he sent another mail.
And on the floor in front of the toilet door,
there are drag marks.
-Yes.
-What?
It's likely that this other person has kidnapped the client...
and even if she's hiding here, in the office washroom.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It can't be!"
(Conan voice) Oysters!
(Shinichi voice) "The woman held in the toilet is the Kei Kashizuka."
"She says she doesn't know the man who committed suicide next to her."
"The man was carrying a cell phone with no other record
other than the mail he sent to Mr. Mouri."
"He was also carrying 5,000 yen in coins and a wallet full of bills."
"After the interrogation,
Toru offered to accompany Miss Kei home."
-Yes...
-Miss Kei, are we doing well here?
May I know why she had to come, you two?
We're doing fine!
S-sorry, the car is not meant for 3 people in the back.
Don't worry, don't suffer.
The question is why did you have to come?
(Kogoro) Because I was worried about Miss Kei, here.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I wonder... if she really committed suicide."
"But Miss Kei was by his side...
and there were no traces of gunpowder on her body."
"What's more strange to me is this cell phone thing."
"How is it that in the inboxes of received and sent emails
there was only the email you sent to Mr. Mouri?"
"There is also the question of the coins in the pocket and the bills in the wallet.
and the bills in the wallet."
"Who needs to carry so many bills and coins on them?"
"I have a feeling... she's... hiding something!"
"Summer memories are so vivid that they stand the test of time
and solve mysteries."
"The client lives in a luxury apartment,
but there is something that gives off a strange smell..."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
"Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"The night of the detectives (The kidnapping)."
(Elevator: ping)
What a luxurious building!
The rent must not be not cheap.
No, it is not.
But the parents give me a hand.
And besides, my brother used to live here with me.
-Well, thanks for coming with me.
-Ahà.
Now that I know no one's following me, I can stay alone.
We'll pass by, then.
Yes, yes, of course.
AAAI!
I didn't remember that I have to go to the bathroom!
If I don't, my pee-pee will run out!
Please, can I... can I... can I... can I go to the bathroom?

Y-yes, just a moment.
Please!
I can't hold on any longer!
Please!
(Shinichi, thinks) "This embarrassment..., it can't be!"
The washroom is the first door on the right hand side.
Okay, thank you!
I'm sorry about that.
The truth is, I have to go to the toilet too.
Oh...!
Me too.
Would you like to sit down for a while and have a drink?
Although I only seem to have tea.
And now, it happens.
Sorry for the inconvenience, Kei.
(Kogoro) As they say, necessity has no law.
Father...!
God-hay-do!
What a mess, isn't it?
-Oh, yes.
-Did you have a party last night?
I had some friends from college over for dinner.
-And now, of course.
-Excuse the mess.
Let's see...?
Kei, would you like me to help you prepare something?
Eh?
Well, yes, look.
If you can clear the table, you'll be doing me a favor.
Yes.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon a mysterious event occurred:
a man committed suicide with a pistol
in the bathroom of the Mouri detective agency,
the fifth district of the Beika neighborhood.
It looks like it.
They are already saying it on the news ?
Wow!
The mother must be worried.
I've had my cell phone turned off until now!
Oh!
Yes, tell me?
(Cell phone)
Why did you have your cell phone off?
I was very worried!
Ma... Masumi?
I'm sorry, with everything that's happened, we still haven't been able...
(Cut off) "What happened? Are you okay, Conan and Kogoro?"
Sorry, it's very short and it's hard for me to understand what you're saying.
Hello, Masumi?
I feel good, you?
XXT!
-What?
- (flow) Kei.
It's possible that the floor is bugged.
B-but... why, how do you know?
What?!
(Kogoro) For interference with the cell phone.
(Kogoro) How?
When there are hidden microphones,
cell phones have connection problems.
Better said, Mr. Mouri!
Kei, I'll scan all the rooms...
to locate any bugs that may be present.
-Well, actually, no...
-It doesn't do anything to you, does it?
But give me 5 minutes.
I did the laundry yesterday.
I have to sort the underwear.
(Conan voice) Hello, Miss!
Yes...
You're leaving?
I have to go to the supermarket to buy a pack of tea, I've run out.
Wait for me, I'm coming with you!
I want to buy something too.
No, that's not necessary!
Let's both go.
Do you want us to call Ran, too?
(Horn: meeec)
It's been 10 minutes and the Kei still hasn't come back.
Maybe she is.
It must be the toilet.
What do you say we start looking for the microphones while we wait for her?
We can do it like this:
Ran, you'll stand in the middle of the room we're scanning...
and play some song you have on your cell phone at maximum volume.
This will reveal any hidden devices and we will destroy them.
Do you have a driver's license, Miss Kei?
Do I?
Yes...
A driver's license also serves as proof of identity, right?
Why didn't you show it to the inspector before?
I was embarrassed to take it out because I look terrible in the photo.
What, is it good?
Do you like the fruit juice I bought you at the drink machine?
Mmm!
It's really good!
(Acoustic signal)
So loud!
That's 3 already.
What a ?!
Another ?!
Here's another one.
Aaah!
What the hell is in here?
What a bad smell it makes!
Where is it coming from, is it bad?
Apparently, in this room there is another bug.
By the way, I haven't seen Conan or Miss Kei for a while.
It does not matter!
We must find all the microphones.
(Acoustic signal)
It seems to me that it is hidden under the bed.
Look!
There's a huge suitcase under here.
-Yes.
-Get out of the way.
Mm!
Boy, it's heavy!
Uh!
The bug must be in here.
We won't know until we open it.
And that's so bad, too.
Aaaah!
(beeping)
I think it's hidden under the bed.
Look!
There's a huge suitcase under here.
-Yes.
-Stand back.
Mmm!
Boy, it's heavy!
Whew!
The bug must be in here.
We won't know until we open it.

And that's what makes it so bad, too.
Aaaah!
(Kogoro) What's a corpse doing, in a suitcase?
And who the fuck should he be, this man?
He's pretty short, for a man.
He took a beating.
It can't be much more than a day since he died.
Just as we thought, the microphone was hidden inside the suitcase.
We should talk to the Kei.
After all, it's her, who lives here.
Kei?
I think she's long gone.
What a ?!
Ah!
Earlier, when we passed by the entrance hall,
I saw that her boots were gone.
I wasn't surprised, I thought he had put them in the shoe rack.
But it's much more likely that he ran away
because he knew that escorcollaríem the floor from top to bottom
and we would find the suitcase under the bed with the corpse in it
while we were looking for the hidden microphones.
What are you getting at?
You mean it was the Kei who killed him?
It is still too early to say for sure.
What worries me more is that the shoes of Conan
are not the hall either, and I don't know where they should be.
I do not know.
Seriously?!
He's gone?!
Maybe he saw the girl running away and followed her,
or maybe she's kidnapped her.
Holy cow!
I'll try to call him on his cell phone.
I just sent an email to the Kei,
but if she ran away, I don't think she'll answer.
-An email!
- (mobile: message alert)
Yes.
Is it from Kei?
Aaaah!
"If she wrote to me, it must be because they have already found the body in the suitcase.
I intend to release the child tomorrow at dawn,
but, if you notify the police or try to locate me in any way,
I will not be able to vouch for the safety of this nano".
This means that this man was killed by her, right?
So, the other man we found dead in the agency, maybe he didn't commit suicide,
maybe he didn't commit suicide.
What are you saying, now!
It can't be!
But on the skin and on the girl's clothing
there were almost no traces of gunpowder.
This proves that it wasn't her who fired the gun, right?
It was only a theory, a hypothesis.
The problem is what to do now.
We've found another body
and our prime suspect has kidnapped Conan,
but we can't make a move until tomorrow morning.
If the nano could somehow tell us where he is....
Sure!
Dr. Agasa will be able to find him.
Dr. Agasa, you say?
Who is he?
I don't know him.
Oh, he's a friend of Conan's.
In Conan he always wears a detective pin with built-in GPS,
and Dr. Agasa invented
a pair of tracking glasses to locate him.
Wow!
I can't think of anything more practical.
Do a trick on him.
(Answering machine: female) "The phone is turned off or out of range."
"Please try again later."
(Agasa) How!
That they have kidnapped Conan?
"Yes..."
And you say he has a murderer?
"I'm calling to ask you
to locate her pin with the tracking glasses."
"Okay, I can try to look for it with the spare glasses, but..."
I have another call.
"(Mobile: flashing tud)"
Maybe it's on Conan.
Let me know so I know where he is.
Yes?
Conan, is that you?
Why did you hang up on me in the middle of the call?!
Ma... Masumi!
Do you have a crush on me, or what?!
Sorry, a lot of things have happened and I'm upset.
The thing is that Conan is in danger!
What is it?
At Conan?
(Ay) But how do you plan to go looking for?
He had not broken down the car and had it in the workshop?
It's true.
We'll have to take a cab and have the driver follow him?
-Eh?
-Do you want to go with my car?
Sorry for the indiscretion, I didn't want to butt in where I'm not wanted.
I came to bring you this stew and I heard you talking.
It seemed to me that you were in distress.
Your... Subaru!
Eh?
-But...
-Come on, we have to hurry. -Come on, we have to hurry.
If you want..., leave us the keys to your car.
-I don't mind leaving you the... -I don't mind leaving you the...
-The doctor and I will go. -We'll go.
But it's a special car and only I know how to drive it.
Don't worry, I can go by myself in the Subaru.
Yes, I wouldn't have anything against it.
As long as you don't mind staying here alone,
waiting impatiently for news of your missing friend.

If you allow me, I advise you to come with us.
Although you are not obliged to, of course.
(Masumi) I understand.
This woman, the Kei Kashizuka,
was locked in the agency's restroom
as a hostage of the man who committed suicide.
After the interrogation, he accompanied her to her apartment...
and found the corpse of a man hidden in a suitcase
under the bed in the bedroom.
Then you realized that she had kidnapped Conan,
and he told you that, if we called the police,
his life would be in danger.
Yes, and the truth is that we didn't really understand anything...
"Well, if you've described correctly..."
...what the man was carrying in his pockets and the scene of the crime,
it seems to me that he would have figured it out by now.
"He?"
But don't worry, I'll be right back.
Yes.
"What? You say you're coming here?"
I'd love to meet Mr. Mouri's new disciple.
I'm intrigued.
Phew!
With the window open, it doesn't feel so bad.
What should we do, father?
We should call the police, shouldn't we?
Maybe we should.
-Hmm? -Hmm?
Do you miss?
Like what now?
-There are strange things in this apartment.
The shoe rack is full of shoes, but they're all men's shoes.
The same goes for the laundry basket and the closet,
where there are only men's clothes.
Do you mean that Kei's brother, the one who died,
lived alone on this floor?
(He thinks) "And all this he found out in such a short time?"
I'm still not sure.
I only know that the person who lived here, whoever he was,
was very interested in an incident that happened the other day.
What incident?
Mm?
That's right!
The only programs he has recorded are news and magazine programs.
In addition to that,
he has cut and edited the sections where they talk about the bank robbery.
This image of the 3 robbers is from the security camera,
and they started broadcasting it this morning.
If I remember correctly, there was a short robber,
a slim one and a big one.
You are right.
One of the videos shows the burly man firing the gun,
although the victim is off-camera and not visible.
(Male) Last night was the funeral of Mr. Kenya shona,
the bank employee who died while trying to calm the robbers.
A long line of people moved by his bravery paraded until midnight in front of the funeral
paraded until midnight in front of the funeral chapel.
If it isn't Kei's brother!
She herself showed us the photo on her cell phone!
But... How come they have different surnames?
It can't be, it's impossible.
If the man who lived here was Kei's brother,
he couldn't have edited this morning's news.
At the moment, we don't know who lived here.
But if he's been collecting videos from newsreels and magazines...,
he was either a crime fanatic,
or a family member of the victim who wanted revenge,
or one of the robbers.
-Yes, that's true.
-Those are the most logical possibilities.
Anyway, we haven't searched the entire apartment yet.
Although the only important thing we still need to look at
is the computer in the bedroom.
Mm?
About that...
I don't understand why you want to be the father's disciple,
if you're already a brilliant detective.
Mm?
Clearly you're better than...
(chuckles)
Even if he makes it look like he's bewildered
and clueless,
I'm sure Mr. Mouri has already figured out the truth
and he's just testing me.
It's the same thing that happened the other day with the DNA case.
And the suicide earlier could perhaps have been avoided
if I hadn't talked about it all to be clever.
I'm sure he would have handled it much better than I did.
But...
I'm a nerd, though.
Ha-ha-ha!
-You're welcome.
-Thank you, Subaru.
-One moment.
-Tell me, where do we start? -Where do we start?
For starters, we have to go towards Ooishi road.
-Okay. -Okay.
-I'll figure it out when we get closer. -Secret love.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.

Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
-Fill me in, please.
-Good evening.
Good evening.
-Oh, so much.
-Excuse me, can I go to the bathroom?
You have to enter the store, it's the back on the right hand side.
Thank you. Thank you.
They've started up again.
You scared me!
I'm convinced he's investigating on his own.
We're the new next door neighbors, we arrived today.
I don't think so.
It must be more like Conan...
May I know who you are?!
...gunpowder residue.
At Conan Edogawa.
Detective.
"Don't miss the next episode!
The Detective Night: (The deduction) '."

