"Through the agency's new website,
Kogoro Mouri has received a seemingly straightforward case."
Oh!
"It can't be!"
Hm!
Hm!
Oysters!
(Two shots)
"The man who was holding Kei Kashizuka,
Mr. Mouri's client, has committed suicide in front of him."
"After the interrogation,
"We accompanied Kei to her house...
and found hidden microphones all over the apartment."
"In addition,
while searching for the bugs, a suspicious suitcase was found."
Eh?
Oh!
Aaaah!
"In the meantime, I left the apartment...
"To go buy a packet of tea with Kei,
"But she bought me some juice,
put me in a sleeping pill and put me to sleep."
"When the Ran found out, she called Dr. Agasa...
and asked him to locate me with the tracking glasses."
"But the doctor, who had the car in the garage," she said,
"He had to accept the help of Subaru Okiya,
who offered to accompany him."
"Masumi Sera, who is also in the know,
has decided to join the search."
Good evening.
-All right.
-Compliment-me, please.
-Oh, so much.
-Ah... -Excuse me.
May I go to the bathroom?
You have to enter the store, it's the back on the right hand side.
Thank you. Thank you.
"Summer memories are so vivid
that they stand the test of time and solve mysteries."
"In Conan Edogawa has been kidnapped,
but his deduction will surprise the kidnapper."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"The detective night (The deduction)."
They have set off again.
They have taken the Ooishi road in a southerly direction,
towards the Toriya district.
Understood.
It will still take a while to catch them.
I don't understand.
Where does she want to go, the kidnapper?
She's driving aimlessly, as if she's lost.
Maybe she's really lost and doesn't know where to go.
She won't be able to find the bloodthirsty destination she's looking for.
Wow!
It asks me for the password to enter.
Without the password we won't be able to open the computer.
Wow!
It seems to be made expressly to complicate our lives.
Let's see, it must be a word that rhymes with Kei Kashizuka.
-Ah...
-Like now...
How do you guys do it, with the passwords?
I put in my birthday, or...
I replace the vowels in my name with numbers.
I mean when you have a very long and hard to remember password.
Hmm... I write it down in my cell phone notes.
I write it down on a piece of paper
and stick it in a place where no one can see it, like...
Hmm?
Oh!
I found it!
I got the password!
It's the best.
Well done, Father!
(Woman) "The phone you are calling is turned off or out of range."
"Please try again later."
I don't get it!
Why won't any of the three of you answer?
Do you want me to tell you where she is?
I can help you find the woman you are looking for.
You scared me!
How come you didn't...?
Oh, yes, you did!
It's just that I didn't drink the juice you bought me
because it contained a sleeping pill.
I spilled half the bottle under the seat.
When I unscrewed the cap,
I noticed from the noise that it wasn't sealed.
That's because I had already opened it and put something in it, right?
Anyway, if you want to find the woman you are looking for,
what do you say we go check out the three suspects?
The three women you tried to call
are listed on the Internet address registry,
so we already know where they live.
What you want is to kill this woman, right, Serina Urakawa?
How do you know my name?
I found out from the cell phone you're holding in your hand,
which has the casing all scratched up.
What?

Such a damaged cell phone
indicates that its owner treats it carelessly
or carries it in his pocket with other metal objects.
Earlier, when he covered me with his coat,
I went through his pockets and found only the cell phone,
a wallet and the box of sleeping pills.
The wallet and the box were untouched.
This means that, in reality, this cell phone does not belong to him,
but that of the man we found dead in the agency,
"And that you have exchanged it for his."
"In the man's pockets there was a pile of coins."
"Moreover, although the lighter and the wallet were full of scratches,
the cell phone case looked brand-new."
As did the taser, which didn't have a scratch on it either.
What nonsense!
So you were carrying it too.
You saw it too, didn't you?
She was gagged and bound hand and foot,
and I couldn't do anything
because that man was pointing his gun at me all the time.
How could I have taken his cell phone?
It's very easy to tie yourself up with duct tape.
Just open the roll of tape,
leave it hanging on the doorknob of the bathroom sink door.
making sure it holds itself
and wrap the tape around yourself, making turns
and making sure it stays tight.
You were tied above the elbows,
so you had your hands free.
Once the tape had been cut, you were able to take the roll out of the door....
and tie your wrists by holding the tape with your mouth.
What are you getting at?
Are you insinuating that it was me who shot that man in cold blood?
Hey!
The traffic light has turned green.
(Horn honks)
Look, I know you're little and maybe you don't understand.
When you fire a gun, your clothes get...
...traces of gunpowder.
What's that?
When you fire a gun, the lead, the aluminum, the antimony,
the barium and the nitrite are projected out
and stick to the clothing and skin of the person who fired the gun.
After rendering him unconscious with the taser,
he placed the other gun between her hands
and sat her on the toilet bowl.
With the barrel in her mouth.
"Then he has removed the bootlace,
"fastened it to one eye with a knot...
"And he has passed the other end through the trigger,
behind the man's hands and under the cup."
"He then covered his head with a towel...
"To protect himself from the powder residue,
"He wet the end of the other towel...
and put it under the handle of the pistol so that it would not slip."
"Then he covered with the towel the end of the cord that hung from the cup of the gun.
that was hanging out of the toilet bowl, and that was it."
"All that was left to do was to send Mr. Mouri a mail
to prevent him from entering the bathroom."
"He pulled the cord while holding the boot with his knee," she said,
"The gun went off
and the impact sent the man flying backwards."
Before we entered the washroom, alarmed by the sound of the shot, he pulled the cord and the towel away from the man,
he put away the cord and the towel.
This is how she led us to believe
that the man who was holding her
had committed suicide when he saw that he had no escape.
I have a proof.
When Toru asked her what her brother had died of,
you didn't answer him right away, did you?
By the way, could you tell us how he died, your brother?
Hm?
-Hm?
Yes, sorry.
-That I can't sit down, miss?
This is because you have the eardrum of the right ear affected
and, when you talk to him in this part, he doesn't hear very well.
When he fired the gun, he was able to protect his left ear by rubbing it on his knee.
by rubbing it on the man's knee,
but the right ear was exposed.
To sum up:
in Kei Kashizuka was the man
who had contacted Mr. Mouri
because he wanted to commission him to find the locker,
and you're the one who sent a fake e-mail to the detective
to do it out of your office, and, when the client arrived,
he received it posing as an employee of the agency.
I assume that, at the beginning,
her intention was to trick him
and take him elsewhere for questioning,
but he must have been on the verge of discovering her
and she had no choice but to attack him with the taser.
But you could not get him out of there alone
and take him somewhere else.

I had the option of taking his cell phone and killing him on the spot,
but I was afraid that a neighbor would come by, attracted by the noise of the gunshot.
and she couldn't run away.
That's why you dragged her to the washroom
and simulated a suicide as I explained, right?
She thought that she would be released immediately...
and you could locate the person you wanted to find
using the cell phone you took from that man.
No way!
Can you tell who you are?
Conan Edogawa.
Detective.
What's that?
Detective?
Careful, the traffic light is red!
And how did you find out my name?
For the credit card in my wallet?
No, I didn't.
I didn't know the purse was yours yet.
But I found a lot of information on the internet.
To make us believe
that the cell phone you stole from your victim was yours,
he sent her a single photo to use as her wallpaper.
The man in the photo is in Kenya shona,
the bank employee who was killed by one of the robbers.
This has led me to the conclusion
that his objective was to locate the three robbers.
Hidden in a suitcase under the bed in the bedroom of the apartment of
of Kei Kashizuka's apartment,
where a while ago he reluctantly let us in,
"There was the first robber, the short man."
"The second one was the burly man
we found dead in the bathroom of the agency, in Kei Kashizuka."
Therefore, when he stole her cell phone,
he intended to search among his contacts
the third, thinner accomplice.
The three people in the address book that he tried to make contact with
all have women's names.
Only someone who had been the bank on the day of the robbery would have known that the third accomplice was a woman.
would know that the third accomplice was a woman.
"Someone who would have had the occasion
to observe closely her gestures and physiognomy."
He could not have found out any other way,
because the press didn't say that one of them was a woman.
But you, who were at the scene of the crime, noticed it.
"When you in Kenya raised your hands and said, 'Okay, that's enough!","
he meant, "No, Kei, that's enough!"
Right?
I know.
When in Kenya he found out that one of the robbers was his friend
and he said that to try to stop him,
in Kei he shot him dead.
I took a look at his cell phone,
and I found Kenya's home phone.
So it is proven that they were friends.
En Kenya, who was aware of the money transfers,
would tell en Kei that on such and such a day at such and such a time the 200 million would arrive.
"Maybe it slipped out one day when he was drunk,
and en Kei took advantage of it to plan the heist."
Then I called Kenya shona's parents' house:
"That I could talk to the girlfriend of in Kenya, if she is still there?"
And you want me to tell you what I got back, the family of the deceased?
That Serina Urakawa had not gone to the funeral last night.
Wait a minute!
How do you know he was my boyfriend?
I told you we were brothers!
If the day of the robbery was the bank,
chances are you're working too.
To prevent irregularities,
no two members of the same family
working together in a bank.
That's how I found out that you were the Serina Urakawa
and that you wanted to kill the three robbers
to avenge the death of your boyfriend, in Kenya shona.
(Kogoro) Hey, hey, hey!
This is a detailed explanation of the bank robbery the other day!
And they committed the imprudence
to take a picture of the three of them together with guns.
Oh!
Isn't the man in the middle the one who committed suicide at the agency this afternoon?
And the one on the right is the man we found dead in the suitcase!
So, the woman on the left must be the third robber.
Look, there's an exchange of e-mails with this woman.
Well, yes, it's an email chain with such an obvious subject as:
"Guns at the ready?"
Hm?
The woman says she's moved apartments.
It's her address!
Hm?
-Let's go.
-There we should go.
When I opened my wallet,
I knew right away that Serina Urakawa also worked at the bank.
Whenever a bank worker
is transferred to another branch,
they have them open a commission-free checking account
to the new branch.

From that point on, everything is hypothesis.
I guess she took as a starting point
the name her boyfriend had said, "Kei".
You looked up this Kei's address in the address book in Kenya
and showed up at his house, right?
With the excuse that he was coming to pick up something from in Kenya.
But in Kei Kashizuka was not there and he was met by a short man,
his roommate.
Unfortunately, he saw your gun...
and thought you had discovered it.
"So he attacked you,
but you turned around and beat him to death."
You first intended
to stay and wait for him to return in Kei Kashizuka,
"But then you saw that the two men were waiting for guests.
"And he was afraid that at Kei he would show up with a group of friends,
"So she decided to hide the corpse in a suitcase
and install microphones all over the apartment."
He figured that, sooner or later,
Kei would find the body and immediately notify the third accomplice.
Last night he was unable to go to the funeral in Kenya
because he was listening to bugging recordings from the car he had left parked in a parking lot.
he had left parked in a nearby parking lot.
But when dinner was over,
and since he still hadn't found the body,
Kei Kashizuka assumed that his partner had fled out of fear.
"Then he called the other accomplice
and proposed that they split the money and play the deuce."
"They had the key to the locker
where the short man had hidden the money, but they didn't know where it was."
"The only thing that knew was him."
"So, in Kei decided to hire Detective Kogoro Mouri
to help her find the locker."
Mind you, without explaining what was in it.
You, who had heard the whole conversation through the microphones,
became nervous.
If Mr. Mouri discovered
that Kei Kashizuka was one of the robbers, he would be arrested,
he would be arrested, and you would lose your chance for revenge.
That's why he set up the detective agency,
with the intention of asking who his accomplice was.
I'm doing well, so far?
You're right.
You're right. You're right.
I thought, if I checked the call history on his cell phone,
I'd find out who he'd talked to last night.
But he took the precaution of deleting the history.
In this case, we have no choice...
but to go look at the three women he tried to call.
We'll start with the one who lives closest, the Rinko Toyokita.
It could be that the woman he has kidnapped in Conan
was looking for the third accomplice
with the intention of avenging Mr. Shona's death.
It could be.
(Doorbell)
You got it right, didn't you?
You do what I told you to do.
A-okay.
What do you want, at this hour?
Hm?
We're the new neighbors from next door, we arrived today.
Here you are.
Oi, mother?
It's just a little something...
Oh, right.
I work the night shift in a small supermarket
and I'm usually asleep by that time, so I try to...
Hey, you!
What a smell!
This omelet looks great!
Get out of here, you scoundrel!
And don't ever come back!
They're on the move again.
For speed, I'd say they're going by car again.
This time towards the Haido neighborhood.
I don't understand, why would they get out of the car?
It's exactly as if the kidnapper had made Conan get off in Conan
and took her somewhere.
I don't think so.
Rather it must be in Conan, who drives the kidnapper up and down.
Maybe she's not here.
Hello.
This is my apartment.
How can I help you?
(thinks) "All the bags are from luxury stores."
From it... Hi, we're the new neighbors.
Ah, well.
You didn't need to bring me anything, I'm out of here tomorrow.
Because I won the lottery!
Oh, did you?
Why is that?
That's why I spent the whole day shopping today.
What? Oh, by the way...
Oh, by the way...
Could you do me a favor and throw this at me?
But in this neighborhood the collection day is the day after tomorrow, isn't it?
Yes, but I'll be away from here tomorrow.
Thank you very much!
"It's all empty boxes of prepared food."
Look!
I got an email from Conan!
"I'm safe and sound, don't worry about me," he says.

I'm convinced he's doing his own research.
Coi de nano!
He's back to playing detective.
In fact, the curiosity of a child...
is not unlike the spirit of a detective.
Hello.
How can I help you?
We're the new next-door neighbors, we brought you a little something.
Thank you, that's very kind of you, but I don't usually accept gifts like this.
By the way, what do you do, miss?
I'm a writer.
I have a deadline coming up and I'm very busy.
"All packaging is from vending machines."
Oh, by the way.
Could you do me a little favor?
Yeah.
You want us to throw away... garbage.
That's it, there's no one left.
Did you find out anything?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi
watashitte Wagamama sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
So, you know?
Do you know who it is, the third robber?
Yes, I do!
I've already found out, the problem is that I can't tell you.
H-how can you not?
But you promised me!
It's just that I... I don't want him to die.
Miss Urakawa, I mean you.
The way things are today,
I don't think Conan is in any imminent danger.
What do you mean?
However, if this woman's objective...
is to kill the last accomplice of the bank robbers,
perhaps the nano will find himself involved in the crime.
Oh, my goodness!
I thought I heard a shot!
It's that car!
In Conan it's there, in the car that just passed!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Night of the Detectives: (Bourbon)'."

