"Through the agency's new website,
Kogoro Mouri has received a seemingly straightforward case."
"The client has sent him an email
"To ask him to change the location of the meeting,
"and Mr. Mouri, his new disciple, at Toru Amuro,
"Ran and I have been waiting for him at a restaurant,
but no one showed up."
"When we returned to the office,
"Mr. Mouri received another mail from the client,
and, as we were about to leave again..."
"No way!"
Oysters!
"Everything seemed to indicate
"That the man who had been holding Mr. Mouri's client
had committed suicide when he saw that he had no escape."
"After the interrogation, we accompanied Kei to his house...
and we found hidden microphones all over the apartment."
"In addition, while we were looking for the bugs...
a suspicious suitcase was found."
"Meanwhile, I left the apartment...
"to go and buy a packet of tea with Kei,
"But she gave me a juice
and gave me a sleeping pill with the intention of sleeping."
"But I realized just in time
and, moreover, I found out the girl's identity."
"Her name is Serina Urakawa."
"She has committed two crimes to avenge the death of her boyfriend, Kenia shona,
who was killed by the bank robbers."
"Meanwhile, Mr. Mouri and company...
"They are getting closer to the truth with the help of Toru Amuro,
"And they are going to look for the woman
who is allegedly the third accomplice of the robbers."
"Dr. Agasa and Haibara,
"Alerted to my disappearance by the Ran,
are looking for me with Subaru Okiya's car."
"Masumi Sera has joined the chase with her motorcycle."
From there, it's all hypothesis.
I guess she took as a starting point
the name her boyfriend had said, "Kei".
You looked up this Kei's address in the Kenyan address book
and showed up at his house, right?
With the excuse that he was coming to pick up something from in Kenya.
But in Kei Kashizuka was not there
and he was met by a short man, his roommate.
Unfortunately, he saw your gun...
and thought you had discovered it.
So he attacked you,
but you turned around and beat him to death.
You first intended
to stay and wait for you to return in Kei Kashizuka,
"But then you saw that the two men were waiting for guests.
"And he was afraid that at Kei he would show up with a group of friends,
"So he hid the corpse in a suitcase
and set up microphones all over the floor."
But when the dinner was over,
and as he still hadn't found the body,
Kei Kashizuka assumed that his partner had fled out of fear.
"Then, he called the other accomplice....
and proposed that they split the money and play the deuce."
"They had the key to the locker
"where the short man had hidden the money..,
but they didn't know where it was."
"The only thing that knew was him."
"Then, at Kei Kashizuka...
"She decided to hire detective Kogoro Mouri
to help her find the locker."
That's why she set up the detective agency,
with the intention of asking him who his accomplice was.
Am I doing well at the moment?
You're right.
You're right, I thought to myself.
I thought
if I checked the call history on his cell phone,
I'd find out who he'd talked to last night.
But he took the precaution of deleting the history.
In this case, we have no choice...
but to go look at the 3 women he tried to call.
We'll start with the one who lives closest, the Rinko Toyokita.
"Summer memories are so vivid
that they impose on the passage of time and solve mysteries."
"The case that began with a robbery
will lead us to Bourbon."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
"Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!

Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"The Night of the Detectives, (Bourbon)."
You got it right, didn't you?
You do what I told you to do.
I'll do it.
What do you want, at this hour?
Mm?
We're the new neighbors from next door, we arrived today.
Oi, mother?
Here you are.
It's just a little something...
Oh, right.
I work the night shift of a small supermarket
and usually at that time I'm already asleep,
so try to...
What a smell!
Hey, you!
Get out of here, you scoundrel!
This omelet looks great!
Ah!
And don't ever come back!
Maybe he's not here.
Hello.
This is my apartment.
How can I help you?
-Ah, wow.
-Daixò... Hi, we're the new neighbors.
You didn't need to bring me anything, I'll be out of here tomorrow.
Oh, you are?
Why? Because I won the lottery.
Because I won the lottery!
That's why I spent the whole day shopping today.
What's that?
Oh! Oh, by the way.
Oh, by the way.
Could you do me a favor and throw this at me?
But in this neighborhood, pick-up day is the day after tomorrow, right?
Yes, but I'll be away from here tomorrow... Thank you very much!
(Thinking) "It's all empty boxes of ready-made food..."
(Door: doorbell)
Hello.
What can I do for you?
We are the new next door neighbors, we brought you a little something.
Thank you, that's very kind,
but I don't usually accept gifts like this.
By the way, what do you do, miss?
I'm a writer.
I have a deadline coming up and I'm very busy.
"All the packaging is from vending machines..."
Oh, by the way.
Could you do me a little favor?
Yeah.
You want us to throw away... garbage.
So, do you know?
Do you know who the third robber is?
Yes, I do!
I've already found out, the problem is that I can't tell you.
What do you mean?
But you promised me!
It's just that I... I don't want him to die.
Miss Urakawa, I mean you.
What now?
Which way do we have to go?
Turn left at the next intersection.
Straight ahead for about 5 kilometers.
They're moving, but very slowly, as if they were on foot.
That must be it.
If they continue on foot, we'll probably catch them in 10 minutes.
Anyway, I still don't understand why they're making so many turns.
I don't know.
But you know how it is, in Conan.
Knowing him, I'm convinced that at the door some of them head first.
Mm? (Toru) Hey, Ran.
(Toru) Hey, Ran.
I realize it's hardly going to be of any comfort to you,
but, as things stand today,
I don't think Conan is in any imminent danger.
What do you mean?
She doesn't know if we have decided to ignore the mail she sent us.
It could be that we would have already mobilized the police.
That's why she needs to keep him alive,
to use as a hostage in case she's arrested.
However, if this woman's goal...
is to kill the last accomplice of the bank robbers,
maybe the nano will find himself involved in the crime.
Yes.
Father, please!
Conan is still in danger, that's undeniable.
We must hurry.
What an idea!
Where the hell did you get this from?
Why do you think I'm going to die?
You must not insinuate that I have the intention of committing suicide
after I've killed those responsible for the robbery, are you?
Mm-hm.
Am I wrong?
Sure, you'll be thinking about the little box of sleeping pills...
you found in my coat pocket.
I carry them around with me because I've been having a hard time sleeping lately,
but these four little pills wouldn't be enough.
They have been very good for me
to try to put you to sleep when you wanted to join me,
even though you caught me just in time and didn't drink the juice.
I say this because your crimes are full of nonsense.
I'm talking about this sleeping pills thing or the first man he killed.
"Hiding the body in the suitcase was a good idea,
but planting the bug was a mistake."
I know he probably did it
because he wanted to hear the screams of terror
he would make at Kei Kashizuka when he found the body,

but he would have discovered right away that he had the floor full of microphones
and would have put on guard.
It was also reckless to keep the gun in the glove compartment of his car.
to keep the gun in the glove compartment of his car.
I am referring to the gun with which he had hit the man,
which had the handle stained with blood.
I found it next to the other gun.
If we add the gun with which he had killed in Kei Kashizuka the agency,
we already have 3.
In the apartment in Kei Kashizuka's apartment
found the 3 pistols of the robbers and took them with him, right?
It was also a big mistake
to change his cell phone to Kei Kashizuka's cell phone
right after killing him.
Before making the change, he deleted all the e-mails and contacts he had in his address book
and contacts he had in his address book,
but the police only have to call the phone company to find out who the owner is.
to find out who the owner is.
Yes, all his actions are improvised,
he wastes no time planning.
He has deleted all the emails and photographs,
as well as the phone numbers of all his friends.
If she manages to take revenge on the 3 robbers
who murdered her boyfriend, that's enough for her.
She doesn't care what happens next.
This means that she has no reason to live anymore, right?
That's why I wanted to accompany her.
Because I didn't want her to kill herself.
But I must confess that, for the rest,
I also came here because I was curious
to know who was the third accomplice of the robbery.
I will tell you who it is, but on one condition:
You must promise to do what I tell you to do.
What?
If my deduction convinces you,
you'll turn him over to the police
and let them deal with the robber.
You must promise me.
All right, I promise.
Tell me who he is and I'll do whatever you want.
The third robber, the thinner one,
is one of the three women we went to see, right?
Yes.
You've seen them too,
the images recorded by the bank's security camera.
The thin robber reveals one of his distinctive features,
so it was easy.
What do you mean?
In the camera images,
when the skinny robber makes the gesture
of trying to move to the other side of the counter,
"...the first leg he lifts is the left one."
"When a person makes the gesture of stepping over an obstacle,
"The first step is made with the dominant leg,
which almost always coincides with the dominant hand."
"In addition, he holds the roll of duct tape with his right hand....
and pulls it with the left."
"When her partner fires the gun,
she covers her mouth with her left hand."
When we are nervous,
we make the instinctive gesture of touching our face to calm down,
and we usually do it with our dominant hand.
In other words, the robber was holding the gun in her right hand....
to try to disguise it, but in fact she is left-handed.
Left-handed?
So, she can only be...
the first woman we went to see!
"She opened the door for us with her left hand."
There are right-handed people who use their left hand
to open doors that have the handle on the right.
If he had opened the door with his right hand, his arm would have been in front of his body,
his arm would have been in front of his body.
In addition, she would have had to receive us half in profile....
and it would have been uncomfortable.
The first woman, then, was right-handed.
"The handle of the cup on the table was facing the right side of the table.
was facing to the right of the chair."
"The handle of the frying pan was to the left...
and the spatula was on the right, so she cooks with her right hand."
"If you don't use the knife with the right hand,
there would be no butter left on the left side."
The second woman was also right-handed.
"She used her right hand to open the door."
Then, there is only the third one left, Miss Tegawa!
Yes.
The handle of the cup on the table was facing to the left
and the notepad was to the left of the phone,
so she takes notes with her left.
The table lamp is positioned on the right side
so that the hand does not cast a shadow while working,
and all the pens were on the left side of the table.
Also, she kind of wanted us to go right away,
she said she was a writer and had an urgent delivery,
but you tried to call her several times before
and she had her cell phone turned off, right?
Even though she has the landline connected,

a writer with an imminent delivery
would never have his cell phone turned off.
He must have heard
that Kei Kashizuka had turned up dead at the detective agency,
and he must have imagined that he had committed suicide
because Mr. Mouri had discovered
that he was, in fact, one of the bank robbers.
He had been afraid that the police would find his phone number by checking Kei Kouri's
going through Kei Kashizuka's contacts
and turned off his cell phone just in case.
By the way, I forgot to tell him.
Which has made me suspect that Kei Kashizuka
was one of the robbers
was the bills and coins he had on him.
"5,000 yen in coins and 47 1,000 yen bills."
"This is an excessive amount."
This is because the police can find the stolen banknotes
because of the serial number,
so he bought all the cheap stuff
in order to be able to exchange the stolen 10,000 bills.
"And that's also why
the woman only buys food from the vending machines."
"The food vending machines accept 10,000 yen bills."
If she buys from the machines,
she doesn't need to go into the stores
and you don't run the risk of attracting attention.
Unlike regular supermarkets,
there are no security cameras at the food machines.
Even if the police discover that the marked bills
used in a food vending machine, there will be no recorded image,
there will be no recorded image.
What?
Have I convinced her to turn herself in to the police?
Yes, of course.
Faced with such a brilliant deduction, I have no choice but to turn myself in.
It's all correct.
Or almost everything, except for one thing.
What's that?
I only took two pistols, from Kei Kashizuka's apartment.
The other one is a fake model intended for self-defense
left to me by a gun enthusiast friend.
And it's not loaded, of course.
(He thinks) "So where is it, then, the other gun, the real one?"
You know too much, I can't risk letting you go.
Or... so it's you!
(Ouch) Here we are.
At the next corner turn right, they're a little further.
All right, all right.
Maybe I'd better warn Ran, right?
-Huh?
-I'd still wait a bit.
We don't know what state we'll be in at Conan.
I'd like to think he'll be all right, but, for what it's worth,
I'd rather not give Ran false hope.
Of course...
We'll let you know when we've had a chance to assess the situation.
Yes, understood.
And you, I'd like to warn you about something, just in case.
If we find the boy or the car we're looking for,
don't do anything rash,
if you don't want his life to be in even more danger.
I know, you don't need to tell me.
I'm not a creature.
I don't doubt it.
Come on, start right now!
We'll go somewhere else, far from prying eyes.
"I didn't realize you had followed us."
"Shit! My left hand is immobilized and I can't shoot."
Come on, enough wasting time!
Oh, my God!
I thought I heard a shot!
-What?
-It's that car!
Conan, it's there, in the car that just passed!
It's time to warn Mr. Mouri and company.
Eh?
Didn't we call the police?
They are the only ones who know what's going on
and they can explain it to the police.
If they describe the model, color and license plate number of the car,
they can arrest them.
But... what if they use Conan as a hostage to pass the checkpoint?
In this case...
In this case, we will have to intervene and stop them by force.
(Kogoro) As you say?
That the car where the nano is driving
on the Ooishi road heading north?
Eh!
Isn't this the Ooishi road?
What car is it?
A small blue car.
And the license plate?
"A small blue car."
Hold on tight!
What did you think?!
"What's wrong with me? What is it, this feeling?"
"It's like something's... chasing me."
Don't make that face.
They won't escape.
-What?
-Doctor, the steering wheel.
Take the wheel?
Hey, hey!
Su-Subaru, what are you doing?
Mr. Mouri,
you stay seated in the seat on the right with your seat belt fastened.
What? Ran, you unbuckle your seat belt and come on.
Ran, you unbuckle your belt and come here.
Me?
What... unbuckle me?

Hey, stop!
Hey, you!
What are you doing?
What the fuck...?
May I know what you want?
Let him go!
"What a shock!"
What a joy!
You're safe!
"What's he doing here?"
Conan!
"What are you doing here?"
How I have suffered!
I feel so bad.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
(Woman) I guess you have partly earned his trust,
but I can trust you to keep the promise you made to me, can't I...
Bourbon?
Wow, that's good!
This meat is so good!
Yeah, but... since this morning, I can't find it either, my cell phone.
But if you've come all this way, why don't you come up now?
I just remembered that I have to do something.
I've had enough of forgiving you.
Su... Sumika!
What are you saying?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Not a millimeter of forgiveness, (part one)."

