"Today, the Junior Detective League,
"Dr. Agasa and Ay are going to a barbecue at the home of a couple
we met at a campsite."
"When we arrive, they welcome us
and we all eat together in the garden."
"The man can't find the cell phone, and his wife goes in to look for it in the house."
"But then we find a cell phone under a bench in the garden,
and the Ayumi picks it up and runs to tell them about it."
Oh!
I've had enough of forgiving you.
-No, Sumika!
-I'm going to kill you!
Ca-calm down!
Su-Sumika...
Ah!
You'll die!
Aah!
Come on, please!
They're fighting again!
What's that?
Again?
Leave them alone.
B-but the woman has a knife, and she says she wants to kill him!
What are you saying?
We have to stop them!
Aaaaah!
"At first glance, all indications are that they had a fight and struggled,
and then the husband accidentally stabbed the wife."
You know what?
If this lady is saved,
it will be because she invited us to the barbecue today.
Ah... I guess so.
Yeah, you're right.
If I hadn't found her cell phone
and Ayumi hadn't run to give it to him,
maybe we wouldn't have realized they were fighting
and we wouldn't have been able to save her.
(Thinking) "It's true, it's too many coincidences."
"It all went too smoothly."
"As if he had caused it, the accident."
- (cell phone: buzzing)
-Oh.
One message.
This is Mrs. Konno's cell phone, what we found earlier?
Mm-hm.
Eh?
Let me see it.
What are you doing?
You can't read other people's messages.
"This is..."
Hey, Mitsuhiko,
isn't it true that Sumika told us that she sent threatening replies
to all the women who sent messages to her husband's cell phone?
Yes, but there are no threats here.
From what it says here,
it seems that Mrs. Konno is in a bad mood because she's not feeling well.
That's right!
That's why there was a glass of water in the kitchen.
If she's not feeling well, that means she's sick, right?
It seems to me that she wanted to take some medicine,
because when I went to the kitchen I found a glass of water.
"A glass of water?"
And was there any medicine next to the glass?
Well, no, next to the glass of water there was only a sugar bowl.
And then I took the glass to take it to the lady, but...
But... atxum!
-Atxum!
-What's wrong with you?
Are you all right?
Let's see if you need the medicine...
-Atxum!
-Do you think you've caught a cold?
I don't think so, it's my nose, it itches a lot.
Gee, I can't... Atxum!
Now try plugging your nostrils with your index finger.
Do as I tell you and cover it tightly.
Like this?
If it doesn't work, try pinching your nose.
-It looks like a magic trick.
-Oops!
It's stopped!
"A magic trick? Oh! I get it!"
"Yes, exactly. Now I know how your wife has attacked."
"Summer memories are so vivid
that they stand the test of time and solve mysteries."
"Is it just a couple's argument, or has anger blinded them?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
"Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"Not a millimeter of forgiveness (part 2)"
"A magic trick? Oh! I get it!"
"Yes, exactly. Now I know how your wife has attacked."
"But at the moment we don't have any proof. We can't prove it."
"The only thing that can help us is the testimony of the victim."
See.
Here you see something shining.
What is it?
When the Ayumi went to give him back the cell phone,
I was recording it with my, I can show you the scene.
"Come, please! They are fighting again!"

"What? Again? Leave them alone."
Look now.
"B-but... the woman has a knife, and she says she wants to kill him!"
Here.
On the cell phone in his hand a light signal lights up.
Look.
Yes.
"This is the voice message service."
"Mr. Konno said that his wife had taken his cell phone
and called herself."
"Maybe it's still there."
"The clue that will reveal the truth of this case."
(Woman) "This is an alert from the voice mail service."
"You have just received a new message."
(Pip)
(Sumika) "I've had enough, of forgiving you."
"I'm going to kill you!"
(Takushi) "No, Sumika! Ca-calm down!"
- (Takushi) "Aaah!"
- (Sumika) "You'll die!"
(Sumika) "Did it happen to you?"
(Woman) "If you want to hear the message again..."
But what do you mean, the last sentence?
It was Mrs. Konno's voice.
She said something like, "Did it happen to you?".
"Just as I thought. It wasn't self-defense."
"He took advantage of his wife's personality to murder her."
"But he couldn't imagine how he would feel after committing the crime."
-Oh!
-The light has gone out!
It means they have finished operating on her.
Su-Sumika!
D-doctor!
How did it go, the operation?
It went very well.
The pulmonary artery was a little damaged,
but the care he received right after the accident
saved his life.
If all goes well, he will be discharged in a few weeks.
How nice!
-Live!
-Not worth it.
Thank you very much, doctor.
I can't thank you enough!
I've already informed the police that it was an accidental stabbing
during an overheated argument.
Ah, all right.
When the officers come, tell him that,
if they want to ask me any questions, I'm at their disposal.
It was an accident, but it's very serious.
Yes.
I'll take care of it.
When his wife recovers, they'll want to question her too.
And if you fight again, be more careful.
-Pass well.
-Ah, yes.
Thank you very much, doctor.
"Relief, guilt, and fear."
"Now we have to see what he's going to do next:
"Confess everything to the police,
"Run away from the hospital,
or maybe..."
What?
That you were at the scene when the man stabbed the woman?
Yes, but we didn't see him stab her.
The Ayumi saw them just before, right?
Ah, yes.
When we found Mrs. Konno's cell phone,
I went to look for them over there.
And I saw that she had a knife.
(Sumika) I've had enough of forgiving you.
I'm going to kill you!
MHM... understood.
Ayumi called for help and we ran to the living room,
and we found her lying on the floor with the dagger stuck in her chest.
Very well, understood.
They had a fight, they came to blows and the husband stabbed her.
By the way, where has she gone, the husband?
Where is he?
A moment ago he was here with us.
And Conan and Ay were also here.
Where did they go?
You're right, you're right.
Where did they go?
Maybe they had to go to the bathroom.
Are you sure?
With his wife he's tried and failed,
and now, maybe he wants to end it all and doesn't want to fail.
He-he!
Don't talk nonsense.
I went up to the roof because I needed to breathe some fresh air
and calm down a bit,
now that we know that my wife's life is not in danger.
Come on, stop talking nonsense and go back to our meetings with the others.
(Ouch) He wants to be left alone because he intends to jump off the roof,
don't you?
When your wife wakes up and the police question her,
the truth will come out.
So that you had planned to murder her from the beginning.
The face you make now is exactly the same face you made before,
when the doctor told you that the police want to question you.
When he felt that his wife had been saved,
his eyes filled with tears, and he looked relieved.
When the doctor told him that she had miraculously saved her life,
he looked down,
because he realized he had done something terrible and felt guilty.
And when the doctor told him that, when his wife woke up,

she must be questioned,
then she pursed her lips and opened her eyes like saucers.
An expression of fear.
If he had stabbed his wife in self-defense,
he would not have shown these emotions.
"These... emotions"?
Remember that your little friend has seen it all!
My wife has come at me with the knife in her hand
and told me she wanted to kill me.
I did what I did to make her want to kill me.
I had no choice!
He's lying.
His wife didn't want to kill him.
He just wanted to scare you.
Huh?
S-scare me?
W... why?
Uh?
So it hadn't happened.
He didn't get the hiccups.
What... what does this have to do with anything?
You think he attacked me and told me he wanted to kill me
over a simple bout of hiccups?
Ha-ha-ha!
What a silly thing to say.
Your wife is very special, and you know her very well.
Last Christmas she dressed up as a reindeer
because you didn't want her to dress up as Santa Claus in a miniskirt.
And today she greeted us in a Halloween costume
because she thought a group of children would be excited.
Sumika always pours her heart out to people,
without thinking about the consequences.
And because of this trait of her character,
when she saw that you didn't get over your hiccups,
she wanted to help you at all costs,
and he came up with a big foolish idea
which has had the consequences that we already know.
"Coincidentally, you wanted to call your boss in the middle of an attack of hiccups,
and she came into the kitchen and suddenly noticed the knife."
In addition, in the kitchen we found a glass of water and a sugar bowl,
which indicates that his wife, before taking the knife,
intended to try another hiccup remedy.
MHM?
Sugar?
There is a not very well known remedy to cure hiccups,
which basically consists of swallowing a spoonful of sugar.
But, in Japan, the most common remedy is to drink a glass of water?
or have someone give you a good scare.
In short, you have acted with premeditation.
"First of all, you invited us to eat a barbecue,
and while we were eating you blurted out that you'd lost your cell phone."
"Then you insinuated that your wife has a very bad temper,
and that they always fight."
"He then asked her to help him look for the lost cell phone,
and convinced her to accompany him to the living room."
"Once there, she pretended to find it under the sofa."
"Then she told him she had to call his head,
because he was expecting mail from her and hadn't received it yet."
"That's when he pretended he was having a hiccup attack."
He told her it was a very important call,
but the hiccups didn't pass.
He was sure that Sumika would take the knife,
and when he saw that she had it in her hand, he called his wife's cell phone,
which he had previously hidden under a bench in the garden.
"The idea was that one of us would feel the cell phone," he said,
"I would find it and go and return it to the Sumika,
and catch her while apparently attacking her with the knife."
When he has taken the knife from her and plunged it into her chest,
his aim was to murder her
and make us believe that it was her, who wanted to kill you,
and that you had attacked her in self-defense.
You called your wife's cell phone
because someone would confirm your version,
but, paradoxically, this same cell phone is the proof that she condemns you.
(Woman) "You have just received a new message."
(Pip)
(Sumika) "I've had enough, of forgiving you."
"I'm going to kill you!"
(Takushi) "No, Sumika! Ca-calm down!"
- (Takushi) "Aaah!"
- (Sumika) "You'll die!"
(Sumika) "Did it happen to you?"
Ah!
Never mind.
When his wife wakes up and the police question her,
then the truth will come out.
Already... I told you... I was about to leave my wife.
I used to accept her as she was.
Her outbursts were even funny to me.
But lately, she was always in a bad mood.
When I came home from work,
she would tell me she was tired and wanted to sleep.
When I would make her food to help her, he would throw up.
I can't stand it!
But I swear I had a lot of doubts.
Deep down I didn't know if I would be able to do it.
Until he said those words to me.
Yes!
I sent a reply

all the women who had sent you suspicious messages:
"Husband stealer, so die!"
And I finally understood everything.
For some reason, the friends who were always calling me...
to go to the beach or in the mountains had stopped doing so.
A secretary at the office
who sent me a message that she wanted to see me,
left the job and I didn't hear anything more.
No... I can't stand her, I can't take it anymore!
This woman is a selfish woman who only thinks about herself!
What an idiot I am.
I've stabbed her, but she's still my wife,
and I prayed before that she wouldn't die.
Even if I've been condemned for my crime.
Yes, you are a bit of an idiot.
Take a look at this.
These are the messages your wife sent to her friends.
But the real ones.
Eh?
What's that supposed to mean?
"I know you often invite my husband on the beach and in the mountains,
and I thank you very much.
If you ever have a serious accident,
"it's very important for him to know that his blood type is AB-negative,
which is a very rare group."
(Sumika) "I thank you for looking out for my husband.
But if you have something to discuss with him,
why don't you come home and we can talk?
I don't know if I can help you,
but since I'm older than you and more experienced,
I might be able to.
Su-Sumika!
(cries)
His friends stopped inviting him
because they were afraid that one day he would have a serious accident.
The secretary who disappeared without telling you
knew that you had feelings for her.
If you were not able to sit down with your wife to tell her the truth,
it's because the relationship between the two of you is not strong enough.
And, unfortunately, you haven't understood anything about what's going on.
What... I haven't understood anything?
He's irritable, he gets tired early, he's always sleepy, and he's also nauseous.
These are the four classic symptoms of pregnancy.
What?
For the time of year, Sumika was not very warm.
When they get pregnant,
some women's body temperatures rise
due to the effect of hormones.
But Sumika doesn't seem to know that yet.
When the doctor came out,
I analyzed the expression on her face very well.
I wanted to know how he felt when he told him that Sumika had been saved.
If he was happy,
and if he regretted having stuck that knife in her chest.
If it had happened to me, even if he had come to me on his knees to ask for it,
I assure you I would never forgive him.
Not one millimeter of forgiveness.
This unborn child doesn't deserve a father
who almost killed his wife over a stupid misunderstanding.
Be that as it may, when the police question me,
I will try to make sure that my version of events does not harm you.
But he must apologize to his wife from the bottom of his heart,
and then decide if you want to continue together.
(Takagi) So, Mrs. Konno,
can you confirm Conan and your husband's version of events?
Yesterday, Mr. Konno had a hiccup attack,
and you wanted to scare him with a knife.
He thought you really wanted to kill him,
so you took the knife and stuck it in his chest?
Yes.
I must be a very good actress, because he believed it.
I'm... I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean to cause them so much trouble.
Understood.
I can close the case now, but consider yourself warned.
When you fight, try to be more careful.
-Goodbye, and have a speedy recovery. -Thank you, inspector.
-Thank you very much, inspector.
Thank you very much.
Ugh...
And you, try to keep your promise, okay?
Yes, of course I will.
No more flirting.
And at dinnertime, I always want you home.
I promise.
And I swear, if you ever want to do it again,
the one who will end up in the hospital will be you.
Keep that in mind.
Okay, Dad?
Yes.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi
watashitte Wagamama sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?

Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
(Genta) I wouldn't have guessed it!
How strong!
Of course!
I wanted to give her a scare to make her hiccups go away.
- (Mitsuhiko) You're right.
-Yes, but it was a little too much.
(Mitsuhiko) Look!
Isn't that man Mr. Konno?
He bought a lot of toys.
I guess they don't know if it's a boy or a girl yet.
He'll make a great father.
I still can't give him a millimeter of forgiveness.
Come on...
I knew the famous detective Mouri would come.
Nagisa told me.
Yes.
Come on, let's go.
-Huh? -Atura't!
-Atura't!
And there's a low pressure front coming.
The Nagisa!
"Surely this is a murder, yes."
"But the only footprints near the corpse are ours."
"How did he do it, the killer?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The beach with no footprints in the sand'."

