"In Nagasaki there is a thriller with a murder,
set in historical Nagasaki and with characters that existed."
"The screenwriter, in Kosaku Tatsumi, suddenly disappears....
Without having delivered the end of the script as promised."
"The producer asks Kogoro to deduce who the murderer is
based on the part of the script they have."
"When we go to the screenwriter's room, hiding in the closet,
we discover newspaper clippings of a gang of art thieves."
"And I witness suspicious scenes."
"After I chased him down the street without being able to catch,
Tatsumi sends the continuation of the script by e-mail."
"In this part, a second murder takes place....
And a new character, U-Tei Miura, enters the scene."
"La Ran ends up playing the role of O-Tei to the film
without being very convinced."
"And, I don't know how, I get roped in as well."
"The O-Tei is assigned some very strange phrases,
"And that's when I realize
that, to the script, they are written in a different font."
"They may be a message from Tatsumi?"
"At this time, an incident occurs."
"Someone assaults Sakota, the props manager."
-Ran?
-Ran?
How?
"It can't be!"
"Summer memories are so vivid
that they impose on the passage of time and solve mysteries."
"Will they be able to finish the historical film?"
"Crew and actors hide secrets. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kimi no Namida ni Konno ni koi shiteru,
Wow This Summer day Summer night, soba de waratte itai yo.

Bouhatei atsu sunahama.
Machiwabita Kiseki Yatta otozureta.
Dou ka Kono mama stay with me.
Everything for you I ll always think of you.
Hoshi Furu yoru wa koi shikute,
niega komete koe no kagiri Utau no.
Mueve tomerarenai my sweet song,
Naki sueldo na koe de I love you!
Koe ni naranai hodós hito wo suki ni nario.
Wow This Summer day Summer night, nani mo Kamo ga takaramono, baby.
Kimi no egao ga Konno ni Yuuki kureru,
Hakanaku itoshii Kono kimochi dakishimete.
Kimi no yokogao Zutter Zutter mitsumeteta!
"The Nagasaki Mystery Theater (The Present)."
"The wounds on Sakota's face
have been made with his hands, without any object."
"The Nagasaki police consider the Ran to be the prime suspect
since she is a black belt in karate, and they are questioning her."
Well, I don't know.
At that time I was trying to memorize my dialogues.
Wait, let-let-me-think.
Is there anyone who can corroborate?
Oh!
I remember, I walked past something yellow.
And you don't know what it was, this yellow thing?
Well, I don't.
I couldn't say, really.
"La Ran has been memorizing her sentences on this bench."
"The only yellow thing out there is these flowers."
"That would be someone's clothes."
"I have to find a witness
who saw the Ran here at the time the incident occurred."
"This is...
"This is Puccini, the composer of the opera" Madame Butterfly."
"And this is...
Tamaki Miura, the singer who played Madame Butterfly."
"Miura?"
"She must have some relation to the character played by the Ran,
the O-Tei Miura."
"In Sakota is an opera lover."
(Male) Of the Japanese singers who played the role of Madame Butterfly,
besides Tamaki Miura, we also have Teika Kiwa.
"Tamaki Miura and Teika Kiwa. O-Tei Miura!"
Okay, that's it, we can continue.
"Yellow?"
Excuse me, sir!
You've seen this girl?
Yes, I remember seeing her.
"Earlier, when I passed by him,
she was sitting on the bench reading something in deep concentration."
"Thanks to the guide's testimony,
Ran has been cleared of all suspicion."
"But why did he point out the Ran, in Sakota? I don't understand."
W-we have a problem.
The police just told me right now that they have seen a person
who looked like in Tatsumi hanging around this area
when the assault occurred.
-Oh!
-It can't be.
Is he for real?
There are those who have seen him running after hearing screams in the parking lot.
That's a lie!
Tatsumi would never do something like that!
I am sure!
Do you have any information that we don't have?
Ah.
I don't.

All I know is that in Tatsumi writes such absolutely fantastic scripts
that I am absolutely convinced that he would never hurt anyone.
We'd almost better leave this issue for the police.
But there is another issue, Mr.
Mouri.
Do you already know who the culprit is, in the film?
Excuse me.
Something previous, gentlemen.
Ah... well, about that...
Does anyone know what she was doing in Sakota, in the parking lot?
Wasn't it too early, though, to fold up and go home?
The continuation of the script had arrived.
And therefore, they could keep shooting more scenes from the movie.
And then he ran away from work to do we don't know what.
He ran away?
Of course he did!
In Sakota he read the script,
discovered that he was in danger and went to take the car to run away!
But the poor guy didn't make it in time.
What you say is that in Tatsumi he assumed that they would attack in Sakota...
and then left a secret warning message hidden in the script?
Surely the message was
what the victim in the movie writes on earth before he dies!
So, you mean the character in the new issue?
That's right.
And the new number points to you, Futaba Nanao!
-What?!
-What?!
It can't be.
Why do you say so?
Just do a simple addition.
If we add Nanao's 7 to Futaba's 2, we get 9.
With the message, Tatsumi warned Sakota...
that the Futaba was after them, to watch out!
But what s'empatolla?
Can you explain to me why you volunteered to be our guide?
Wasn't it because, being able to count on our help,
would find in Tatsumi to silence him as he has done with in Sakota?
No, not at all!
Quite simply, in Tatsumi had me very worried.
I find that it is oversimplifying things,
to base everything on a simple sum.
I don't know if you've seen it, but it's already dark.
I'm going to the hotel.
-But no one has said that....
-See you tomorrow.
Yes, I guess we won't be shooting anymore today.
Shall we fold, then?
-No, nothing, Keisuke. -No, nothing, Keisuke.
-What's wrong, Oki?
What's the matter, Oki?
I just remembered something.
The Benichiyo became famous for her roles in action movies,
when she was young.
-That's right.
-Is that so?
Is that so?
That's why she practiced Chinese martial arts.
Chojiro is a similar case, because he was a boxer several times.
Wow, the one you're going out with now!
But that was at least 20 years ago.
Phew, what a mess!
More and more suspects are appearing.
And they are all actors.
Last night,
M.
Hatta commented last night that Tatsumi was bothered by the fact
that Mr. Glover and Tsuru were married, in the movie,
because it contradicted the historical chronology.
No, it's not true, kid.
Is it true?
He was the one who proposed that Glover was already married.
Oh, did he?
Well, I didn't know that.
Yeah, and he doesn't usually like to fudge the story.
So, can you tell me where you are right now?
I'm leaving the hotel right now.
Ah...
Uh...
Okay, I understand.
But you have to sort it out, I beg you!
-Buf, what a view!
-It's impressive.
-Aah!
- (thump)
(Kogoro) They've attacked in Chojiro?!
The police just called me right now to tell me.
It looks like, when she was attacked, it was the viewpoint of Mount Inasa.
And what the hell had she gone to do?
I wanted to see the famous view of Nagasaki from up there.
And then, all of a sudden, someone jumped me and hit me.
I must have ripped this off defending myself.
They found Tatsumi's fingerprints on that pendant.
Oh!
And what kind of pendant is it?
Well, it's a silver heart with an arrow through it.
"A silver heart... Oh! Oysters!"
(Birds: chirping)
- (Ryuhei) Please be quiet!
- (scoundrel: uproar)
Will he remind you not to look at the camera?
"I've already been messed up again!"
(Children) Yes!
(children) Eh?
How nice it is, in Conan, isn't it?
-(Kyonosuke) Huh?
- (Kyonosuke) I know that already, dammit!
(Kyonosuke) Eh?
He's always calling... on his cell phone.
Hm.
(Kyonosuke) Ready!
(Kyonosuke) Action!
Eh?
Cut!
-Now rewind it.
-The order of the strokes is wrong.

This stroke he has made first is the one he should have made last.
"Oh! like the earth! There it was the same!"
Ah, what about the strokes?
We did it this way because in Tatsumi attached this image in the script.
"What I thought."
He said to do it exactly like this.
"Ask the Miura's daughter, whose name is O-Tei."
"The numbers are very important."
"The numbers will be the ones to solve everything."
"Tamaki Miura and Teika Kiwa played Madame Butterfly."
"The strokes of the new, written in reverse order."
"Madame Butterfly... 'Butterfly' is butterfly."
"Sure! I got it!"
"The meaning of the message is 'In the Nakashima River lives a monster'."
"Its weak point is the second tooth of the lower jaw...
starting from the left."
Ah!
S-s-sorry.
Conan, please, pretty boy.
Go like this with the glasses.
Huh? (Chuckles)
Ah.
Like this?
Yes.
That's good.
"Eh? It's those, the teeth!"
Eh?
I got it.
Mh.
(Ryuhei) A letter has arrived from Mr. Tatsumi!
He'll take the rest of the script to the Oshirasu Theater, but we all have to be there.
To the Oshirasu?
What?!
(Man) Is it true, you have received a letter from Mr. Tatsumi?
Yes.
And he promised to deliver the rest of the script here.
In this theater you do performances?
-Yes, look, almost completely.
-Have your wounds healed?
"The actors are already all here."
In Tatsumi has not yet arrived?
What?
Before he arrives in Tatsumi...
...I, Kogoro Mouri, will unmask the culprit of the actual case of the attacks
that have occurred in the last few hours against Sakota and Chojiro.
Eh?
So, are you sure it wasn't Mr. Tatsumi?
But weren't Tatsumi's fingerprints found on the pendant?
This is a smokescreen by the assailant to cover his tracks.
The culprit is... is you!
-On Kyonosuke Sasahara!
-What?
What?
It's me!
Both among the crew and among the actors,
there are many that the characters of their names include numbers.
And this also applies to you, Mr. Sasahara.
Where is there a number in my name?
The character "kyo", from Kyonosuke, can also be read "kei",
which is a numerical unit!
What if I have a number?
The message of the victim on earth was also a number, the number nine!
-Huh?
Well, I don't know...
-Yes, but what does this have to do?
(Clears his throat)
Let's see, what were all those shouting conversations on the cell phone?
Eh...
-I was talking to...
-Who was she arguing with so heatedly?
Wasn't it Tatsumi you were arguing with?
Confess at once.
Can't you see I've got you trapped?
No, it wasn't him!
It was with someone else!
I'll tell you the truth now.
Well, now I'll tell you the truth.
I was talking to people from my agency!
What is it?
It happens... I'm married, and I have a child.
What?!
First news!
But aren't you a very sought-after bachelor to play the leading man in the movies?
A tabloid magazine found out and wanted to publish it.
And I asked the agency
to prevent by all means that airs it.
Look!
Eh?
Ah, so, that's what it was.
And you, Benichiyo.
You were seen leaving the hotel last night.
-Eh?
-May I know where you were going?
So, now it turns out you suspect me?
-Is there-I'm obliged?
-Answer the question!
He went to eat Turkish rice, right?
Benichiyo, was it you?
Eh?
"Well, yes."
I've committed myself to a diet
so I can play a role in another movie.
But I couldn't leave without tasting the famous Nagasaki Turkish rice.
Well-well, who's the culprit?
Ah!
Everything is spinning in my head...
(Kogoro voice) Excuse me, gentlemen.
Now the real show begins.
Wow!
So this is the famous Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) -Okay.
-Film everything!
I confess that the letter from Tatsumi that you have received this morning,
in fact, I have sent them.
What does it say, now!
I want to reveal who is the person who attacked Sakota and Chojiro.
And it is none other than... Ran Mouri!
What?!
What?!
-Was it her?
-It can't be!
Calm down and listen, Ran.
But-but what do you say, Father?

In the second murder of the film,
what was the message the victim wrote on the ground?
Eh?
The character corresponding to the new one.
Yes.
"But he wrote the character strokes in reverse order."
"This looked very clear, on the ground."
The message was not the kanji character of the new number,
but the hiragana of the syllable "tea".
What a ?
With that, in Tatsumi he was pointing to the character of U-Tei Miura
that you play, Ran!
All this has to do only with the movie.
But I think the script in Tatsumi, although fictional,
also wants to reveal something else,
it wants to give us hints about a real case.
- (Kogoro) Look at the script carefully.
-How?
A real case, you say?
There are some sentences written in a different font.
It's a message sent to us in Tatsumi.
-It's the dialogues of the O-Tei.
-Oh!
Mm?
The numbers are very important.
The numbers will be the ones that will solve everything.
With these sentences, Tatsumi was aiming at the fake new one,
which is actually the syllable "tea",
which now does refer us to the syllable of the culprit in the real case.
Which is...
The "cho"!
The culprit is Chojiro!
Eh ?!
-It can't be.
-In Chojiro?
Mr. Sazanami?
Please!
But what are you coming out with now, Mr. Mouri?
The culprit of the series of incidents that have occurred is you!
Wait!
Wasn't the apparent new number in the message from earth the syllable "tea"?
You are right.
Because the hiragana of ancient Japanese,
"Chocho", butterfly, was spelled "tefutefu".
And where does it come from, all of a sudden, all of a sudden from the butterfly?
It comes from the fact that Tatsumi's message
is closely related to "Madame Butterfly".
If you want to know more details,
ask the daughter of the Miura's agency;
the girl's name is O-Tei.
The source of these phrases is also different.
If the name "O-Tei Miura..."
"It comes from the Tamaki Miura and the Teika Kiwa,
"who played the Madame Butterfly of the opera,
the name O-Tei would be connected with 'Madame Butterfly'."
In fact, the victim's message referred to the "tea" of "tefutefu!"
-That's forcing things too much!
-Of course, I see it now!
They say that the character of "Madame Butterfly"
is perhaps inspired by Glover's wife, the Tsuru.
Eh?
In Tatsumi altered the historical chronology by making Tsuru appear
in Sakamoto's time to give us a first clue!
In Tatsumi he wanted to unmask Chojiro from the beginning?
Even before the clue that was in the message of the earth?
Surely.
But something does not add up: the aggression occurred after that.
In Tatsumi, with his clues, he wanted to bring to light another case.
Another case?
Eh?
Sakota, who is an opera lover, was the only one who noticed it.
And before I solved the mystery of this other case he tried to run away.
But in Chojiro attacked him.
"That's why in Sakota Ran pointed out:
"Because the character he played, the U-Tei,
was created expressly to accuse in Chojiro."
Wait a minute.
You're saying they were both complicit in something?
Yes!
Conan!
Mm?
These are the clippings from Tatsumi's room.
Don't tell me you were involved in this!
This cries out to heaven!
But I was the victim of an attack on Tatsumi!
No, it was a frame-up that you set up yourself.
To frame Tatsumi.
-That's horrifying!
-What do you say, now!
-You leave me no choice.
-All of it, all lies!
I'll show you some conclusive evidence.
"In this river, the Nakashima River, lives a monster."
Remember this dialogue from the O-Tei?
Conan!
And here you can see the monster O-Tei was referring to.
Monster?
What monster?
If this is the bridge of the glasses.
Yes, okay.
But if I do this...
Isn't it true, that now it looks like a monster?
It's true!
And his weak point,
which was the 2nd tooth of the lower jaw starting from the left,
referred to this stone that is there to pass the river.
Last night, in Kogoro he told me to go and see what was there,
and I found this little bag;
with a micro-SD card.

How about putting it on your tablet, see what we see?
Yeah, sure.
"We won't use that anymore, on the film. We can use it."
"We'll make a nice pinch again."
A-this is...
As you can all see they were hiding the stolen artwork.
props used in the filming.
"And then sold them to wealthy collectors."
"This video proves it."
En Tatsumi tried to denounce this
through the film's script.
But he realized he was in danger and went into hiding.
But then, when he saw that Mr. Mouri came into the picture,
he included several clues in the part of the script he sent us.
Isn't this it?
(He thinks) "Sleeping Kogoro, solve this riddle, please!"
-And now where are you, in Tatsumi, Mr.
Kogoro?
-Very typical of him.
In Chojiro knows where he is, and it is he who will tell us.
Ah!
I-I don't know.
-Please tell us!
-Why should I know?
Where is he, in Tatsumi?
Will you tell me where my dear Kosaku is!
Eh?!
Say it, Chojiro.
You have no escape anyway.
You had the pendant with Tatsumi's fingerprints on it
and made it appear at the site of the fake assault to frame him.
Uh...
What?
Futaba, don't tell me you're dating en...?
With Tatsumi!
Yes.
And the reason she volunteered to be our guide and help us out
was that she wanted to save her beloved Kosaku.
Is it true, Futaba?
The agency has forbidden us to date other actors.
And that's why we had to keep our relationship a secret.
(Ryuhei) I'm really sorry.
(Ryuhei) But if Tatsumi had so much evidence...
I don't understand why he didn't go to the police himself to report it.
(Keisuke) He must have thought Chojiro would voluntarily turn himself in.
(Oki) We were all meeting again from old classmates...
and he wanted his friend from the past to get back on the right track.
Kosaku!
Futaba!
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi.
watashitte Wagamama sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
"In Sakota, who was in the ICU, regained consciousness,
and gave his testimony to corroborate the facts."
"The gang of art thieves they were a part of
will also end up being unmasked someday."
"The shooting of the film resumed."
"Of course,
the scenes where Ran, Chojiro and I were in were scrapped."
"And in Tatsumi is going to rework the script at full speed,
to make it tie everything together and give it a coherent ending."
They no longer have to hide.
Now the agency supports their relationship.
Oh, and you know what?
Well, I'm really happy for them.
If you write "Nagasaki" in English, the last letter is "y."
which is pronounced "ay" in English.
And "ay" is love in Japanese.
Is this the famous cactus?
(Alarm)
Mr. Sunada?
Sunada?
Guys, I find you too often in crime scenes.
-No, I didn't kill him!
-Yasuyuki, this means that you... -Yasuyuki, this means that you...
"I get it."
"And if he went like that, whoever killed him must be..."
(Sonoko voice) When I felt the alarm, I understood everything.
What did you say?
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The rhapsody of the cactus'."

