A very happy new year!
We would like to wish everyone...
Did you have a good time during the New Year vacations?
Did you receive many gifts?
I hope you didn't eat too much and don't have a stomach ache.
Thanks to your enthusiasm and support,
the series "Detective Conan" has started
its eighteenth season of broadcasting!
This year we will tirelessly continue to solve one case after another.
With the Junior Detective League!
Please continue to watch...
...the episodes of the "Detective Conan" series!
(Shinichi voice) "Of love and crime there are always:
they are repeated every day."
"Is it a love story between two police inspectors,
after 18 years?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
(Conan voice) "Retransmission of a love that risks life.
(Beginning of retransmission)"
A-atxim!
(Horns)
Hey, hello, Inspector Takagi!
-Are you going to watch someone?
-Oh!
Hello, Yumi.
No, I folded a little early today.
I happen to have to go somewhere to do something.
But I'll be back tomorrow, I'll only be gone for one night.
Oh, will you?
And what is it?
You have a romantic date at a spa with the Miwako?
-Huh?
-What are you saying?
No, it's not a date.
Miwako, you mean even you don't know where inspector Takagi went?
No, it seems he told Inspector Megure...
that he had to get a message or something to someone.
Maybe it's about your parents, and he wants to tell them something like:
"Please let me marry your daughter?"
If so, why does he have to keep it a secret and hide it from me?
And my mother lives in Tokyo, there's no need for me to spend the night anywhere.
-Huh?
-By the way, who are you?
My name is Naeko Miike, I've been transferred from Haido police station!
Yes, I remember.
I'm sure Inspector Megure knows who "that person" is.
He doesn't seem to have explained much.
He said, "I'll tell him when I get back and clarify my feelings.
-Yes, you're right.
-That smells burnt.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with love or anything like that.
He clearly said it wasn't a romantic date.
I just hope...
you'll remember that it's soon to be the anniversary
of Inspector Date's death.
That's right, it's been almost a year now.
We arranged to visit his grave together.
May I know who you are talking about?
He was the one who mentored Inspector Takagi.
He was a tough man, he seemed indestructible, but...
he had a car accident and died.
Well, maybe he wanted to go and explain something
this inspector's parents, right?
No, Date's parents also live in Tokyo.
Then maybe he does have a history with a woman...
They say that Inspector Takagi
is very popular in the transportation department!
(Think) "Well, he's not as popular as Miwako."
(All, think) "Damn Takagi!"
Atxim!
Oh, darn, I think I've caught a cold.
(Megaphone: woman) "Passengers of Luna Airlines flight 299.
"bound for Tottori,
"which is scheduled to depart at 19.35,
may begin boarding at gate number 18."
"Gate number 18."
(Think) "Dear Miwako..."
"I'm beginning to doubt that... I can ever make you happy."
(Matsuhiko) The Junior Detective League has finally made it!
We have been chosen as models
for the juvenile crime prevention brochure!
Yes!
We have actually solved a lot of crimes!
What am I going to do now?

We are going to be very famous and well known!
I would like to know if the doctor is okay.
He said he'd leave the car in the parking lot and come, but...
Did you notice?
He had a terrible cough.
Maybe he got cold.
Well, Takagi is also late...
He told me to call him when we arrived at the head office,
that he'd take us to see the person who takes care of it, but...
he won't pick up the phone.
Maybe he's entertained by partying with his love again.
Maybe they're making out, like that time?
Hey, I wouldn't do something like that on duty in Takagi!
-Nanos!
-You're right!
Listen, do you know Inspector Wataru Takagi?
Eh?
-Lucky me!
-Yes, we do know him.
He asked me if I could deliver this package...
to his girlfriend, the inspector.
Could you do me this favor?
Ah, you mean Inspector Sato.
We were just talking.
Oh... You mean you know the inspector too?
Yes.
She's a strong, scary woman, like an ogre.
-And you know what?
She's also very pretty!
-Hey, don't overdo it... -Yeah!
-Yes!
-I'm sure they'll get married soon.
(Ayumi) They're very much in love.
Will you do me the favor of passing this message
from him to the happy inspector?
She said it won't take long and to open it as soon as she can.
She also told me that "two days later" cannot be taken advantage of in any way.
(All) Oh...!
Hey, hi, Conan!
Hello!
I trust I'll get it to you right away.
I guess he's an acquaintance of Takagi's.
Who was that strange man?
By the way, where are the doctor and Ai?
Since the doctor had a bad cold,
I told him to go home with Ai.
What?!
(Shinichi, thinks) "In fact the doctor is playing sick,
because he can't let Ay's picture go out in the brochure."
Well, that means that Ai won't come out.
What a pity.
It hurts me too.
I thought I could finally meet the famous Dr. Agasa.
Hey, hello, Toru.
I heard from Mr. Mouri that the Junior Detective League
would come to police headquarters
with Dr. Agasa's car to take pictures of the brochure.
I was also asked to come to headquarters, but I've already finished.
What's up?
Why did they ask you to come?
It was because of that case a while back,
when you were kidnapped and I stopped the car you were crashing into.
They questioned me again, they think maybe I went a little too far.
(Shinichi, think) "Come to think of it, the Masumi also said....
"That he had been asked to return to headquarters,
but in your case, it seems to me that you went way overboard."
But I also came all the way here... because I had to do something else.
Ah, it's not important.
Something else?
Never mind, I don't need to do it anymore.
Hey, Conan.
Hey, who is this man?
He's a private detective, a student of Kogoro's.
-Ah... And he's very handsome!
-He's-he's a detective?
By the way, what about Takagi, he hasn't arrived yet?
That's because he must have gotten lost.
And he's not answering the phone.
Then why don't we try calling him in Chiba?
-Or else call Sato!
-Maybe you're right...
He says this will be damaged soon.
What?!
That Takagi was crying while looking at a photo in the notebook?!
Well yes...
I thought it was one of those cute pictures.
That's why I asked her if the one in the picture is you.
Stop joking!
-What?
Stop joking?!
-And... he got very angry with me.
He told me not to tell you anything, he wanted to tell you himself.
-I... I don't know. -I don't know.
-Hey! -Hey!
Where is he in Takagi?
- (cell phone)
-I haven't seen him yet today.
Yes, you have?
Who am I talking to?
Ah, you are in Conan?
That in Takagi you want to send me something?
Is that what that stranger told you?
-That's it.
-Yes!
What must be in here?
He didn't come to work today.
So, in Takagi he hasn't come yet...
He told us that it will be damaged,
it should be eaten tomorrow or the day after at the latest.
In fact..., that doesn't look like it's edible.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's a tablet."
Who knows, there might be a video tablet!

He would be too embarrassed to tell you in person!
-Oh!
-Inspector Takagi is very shy.
Seriously, if you wanted to tell me something why didn't you tell me directly?
-And he has a rope tied around his neck.
-It can't be, it's in Takagi!
So he can't escape!
But he's just tied up and lying on the ground....
-Aaaah!
-Now it looks like he's changed!
-Yes.
The picture is taken from another angle.
It can't be!
If it turns or moves too much it may fall....
(Shinichi, thinks) "S'escanyarà and die!"
Wake up, Takagi, hurry!
Get up and regain control!
-Mmm!
Mmm!
-But what have they done to you, Takagi?
(Takagi, think) "Where am I? What is this?"
"Calm down..., calm down..."
"Think, try to remember how you ended up here."
"I remember I met that man last night."
"He told me he wanted to show me the sights and took me here."
"Then, all of a sudden, he grabbed me and drugged me."
"But why?"
"Oh! It can't be that he...!"
"This means that...
the images from this camera are being sent to police headquarters!"
What are you saying?
That someone has kidnapped Inspector Takagi?
Oh!
Yes it is in Takagi!
Yes, and you can see it from here.
There will be 3 cameras.
Oh!
The camera has changed places!
One from the front, one from the side and one that records from below.
They seem to send the images randomly.
Can we know where they are being sent from?
Yes, if we put the images in the hands of the IT department...
Co... Conan!
I don't think there's anything we can do now.
It seems to me that the only thing that can be done with this tablet,
is to turn your image on and off using the button on the front.
It is meant to have everything else, including the screen,
the power switch and the charger,
is inoperable.
But listen, Conan, if we take the tablet apart now,
we can charge it directly from the inside,
and we can extract the data from the hard drive.
Then we could try to figure out where they're sending the information from.
And if we stop seeing the images of Inspector Takagi
because we have disassembled the tablet, what?
Eh?
The culprit has modified the button and there is a built-in program
to override the functions of the touch screen and the rest.
In other words, the tablet has most likely been tampered with...
and the image disappears if someone tries to disassemble it.
Perhaps we could contact the internet provider
and in this way trace the images
without having to risk so much, but...
The most likely scenario is that the criminals
will most likely use a server abroad,
and therefore it will be difficult to trace the origin of the images
in a short period of time.
This is what Shinichi told me
when I talked to him on the phone a while ago!
But if there is any chance of tracing it,
if we spend time...
But the limit seems to be "two days later", right?
Oh!
Did you say "two days later"?
That's what the man who gave the tablet to Genta and others said.
He warned them that it had to be opened quickly because...
two days later it could not be used in any way.
And what does all this mean?
It is likely that, if left like this,
bound and gagged for a long period of time...
Without food and water, it won't make it to the third day.
In other words, we only have until the day after tomorrow.
But why have they put... Takagi in a situation like this?
It's very strange, he's not the kind of person who makes enemies.
Being hated is inevitable when you're a policeman.
You can never know if someone resents you.
Su-superintendent Matsumoto!
Megure, is it true that Inspector Takagi had said...
that he'd have to spend the night out because he had to go see someone?
Yes!
He was worried about the monorail schedule,
and he would probably have to go to Haneda Airport.
So he contacted Haneda Airport
and ask if a man by the name of Wataru Takagi
took a plane last night!
Shiratori!
Very well, understood!

Go to Takagi's house and check the e-mails on his computer and mailbox.
and the mailbox,
see if you can find any information on who he was planning to see.
Okay!
Chiba, keep an eye on the tablet!
-Don't turn it on for too long.
-Okay!
If there's no way to charge it, it means
we'll be able to see the images for 10 hours at most.
Leave it on for only 10 minutes every hour,
record the video images and check it.
We must find some clue that will let us know where they have it!
-Superintendent!
What do I do?
-Okay, I'll organize it right away!
I'll organize it right away!
You interrogate the nanos, Sato.
They're waiting for you in the office next door.
They are essential witnesses, they have been in contact with the suspect!
They are essential witnesses, they have been in contact with the suspect!
Ask them what he was like, what gestures he made, how he spoke.
-All right.
-Don't leave any questions unanswered!
Those of you who are left, search and interrogate everyone...
with anyone in Takagi who has been involved in your investigations,
both suspects and victims.
- (all) Yes, sir!
-Did you understand?
Come on, Sato..., let's go.
(Think) "I give you.... my word that I will save you, no matter what."
"Hang in there, Takagi!"
(Think) "Eh? I get it! It's crystal clear!"
"Surely that's why that person took me here."
"In this case, even though I'm a little scared, I have to try!"
(Sato) We went over everything again.
A man who looked like this gave you the tablet?
Yes.
First he asked us if we knew Inspector Wataru Takagi.
We said yes.
Then he told us
that we had to give it to Inspector Takagi's girlfriend.
Also... it could be someone who wanted to take revenge on me.
What do you think?
I don't think so.
So that the culprit knows Takagi perfectly well by name,
and it's not your case,
who knows you only as "Inspector Takagi's girlfriend".
Was there... something about him that caught your attention?
-Mm-hm.
-He was a normal man, wasn't he?
There's bad news, Sato!
Inspector Takagi...
W-wait, Sato!
(Think) "Takagi! Takagi!"
C-can you explain to me what happened?!
Because it looks like he's about to fall.
I was trying to register the third images we've received
when I saw this.
How come he's like this?
He's been in the same position for hours.
He must have been driven to despair.
Please, Takagi!
You have to hold on.
(Shinichi, think) "The police badge!"
(Conan voice) If someone finds the badge and informs the police,
we'll know where Inspector Takagi is.
Everything is going well.
Looks like Inspector Takagi has it under control.
Yes, I guess so...
(Matsumoto) Hey!
What the hell's going on?
Wataru Takagi's name doesn't appear on any of the flights
that left Haneda last night.
Takagi's house hasn't turned up any clues either,
and there don't appear to be any ongoing cases
related to what's going on.
-What's going on?
-Excuse me...
Come to think of it,
I saw Inspector Takagi coming out of the consulting room.
-The funny thing is that he was crying.
-Y?
I got worried and thought about what documents he might have looked at.
Well then!
Then bring me all the documents he consulted!
(All) Yes sir.
All the documents
that Inspector Takagi was consulting that day
had to do with cases from last year,
of women who had committed suicide by hanging themselves.
Yes.
There were 3 women.
It was concluded that there was no crime
and the case was handed over to the respective police stations.
Could you explain more?
Look, one of them was Yuko Tokugi,
who was studying medicine at Tohti University.
She committed suicide in the middle of the living room of her apartment.
It wasn't a very feminine place, let's say...,
but it was very clean and tidy.
In the note we found at her feet
she said that she could no longer bear the feeling of guilt.
All this was brought on by her having run over a person...
a few days earlier.
The second was an English teacher, her mother was American.
Her name was Natalie Kuruma.
In had written on the calendar she had hanging on her wall,
she had been dating her boyfriend every day.
But when he dumped her, she went under.

It seems she had an appointment with him just the day she committed suicide.
Well, thanks to her cell phone!
And how do you know all this?
The cops who got there before us
told us that it came from the text message
he had sent to his mother in English.
The third was a prominent hostess at a bar in Roppongi,
her name was Kyoko Hikoue.
She apparently made a lot of money, though,
she lived in an old apartment full of empty beer cans.
According to her diary, she discovered that her boyfriend was a swindler....
who was in the business of seducing other women.
Was the con man eventually arrested?
Yes, but they didn't charge him with swindling, they charged him with murder.
The man was drowning in debt,
had problems with black market loan sharks
and ended up stabbing someone.
I think it was Inspector Date who arrested him.
That's right.
Inspector Date?
You didn't know him, did you, Conan?
In fact, Date was killed in a traffic accident...
shortly after he arrested that swindler.
In Takagi said that in Date he was picking up his notebook...
when he was hit by a driver who had fallen asleep.
Yes.
He said that in Takagi, this?
He was in Takagi, too, on the day of the incident.
They had spent the night on duty, watching a suspect.
And when they came back, he was run over,
just before he could show en Takagi
something from his notebook.
It is the same notebook he now uses at Takagi.
It is the only memory he still has of it.
In Takagi he has not left a single space unwritten.
When he was a sergeant he said he wanted to be an inspector, as in Date.
In Takagi and Inspector Date you had a long history, didn't you?
Yes.
Inspector Date was En Takagi's mentor when he was a sergeant.
At Date he used to talk about the two of them as the "Wataru Brothers."
Why "brothers"?
Well, because Inspector Date, by name, was called Wataru.
Ben the same as Takagi, whose name is Wataru Takagi.
Yes, they both had the same name, Wataru.
But with the difference that Inspector Date
liked women too much.
He was only a year older than me,
but everyone said he looked much older.
(Shinichi, think) "It can't be!"
"It can't be that the reason they kidnapped in Takagi is..."
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
Is it overseas?!
Is it... is it an earthquake?
(Takagi, thinks) "I have to hold on, I have to try to get out of here!"
"I have to get the message to them!"
Did any of the 3 girls who committed suicide
had some kind of relationship with Hokaido?
-Is that you, the girl?
-Where's Inspector Takagi?!
Because he was hit by a car that day and died in Date!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'Retransmission of a life-risking love (Desperate situation)'."

