"Inspector Takagi left without telling anyone where he was headed."
"The next day we, the members of the Junior Detective League," he said,
"We have to meet him
at the Metropolitan Police Headquarters."
"But Inspector Takagi doesn't show up. Then we are approached by a man..."
Listen, do you know Inspector Wataru Takagi?
Eh?
-Lucky me! -Yes, we do know him.
-Yes, we do know him.
He asked me if I could deliver this package to his girlfriend,
the inspector.
Could you do me this favor?
Ah, you mean inspector Sato.
We were just talking.
You want to say that you also know the inspector?
(Children) Yes!
(Genta) I'm sure they will get married soon!
- (Ayumi) They are very much in love!
- (Mitsuhiko) Yes!
Will you do me the favor
to give this message from you to the happy inspector?
Eh?
She said it won't last long and to open it as soon as she can.
She also told me
that two days later she won't be able to take advantage of it in any way.
"When we opened the package, inside we found a tablet."
"When we turn it on, on the screen we see..."
It's... it's in Takagi!
"Of love and crimes there are always: they are repeated every day.
"Inspector Takagi can't move a bit,
he's exhausted and in trouble!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
"Retransmission of a life-risking love.
(Desperate situation)"
Chiba, what do you know?
Are you all right in Takagi?
Yes!
He's been lying on his stomach for 3 hours.
But he seems to be exhausted, and very weak.
Any news on the police badge
he dropped in Takagi?
-No, we don't know yet.
-Do you know if anyone has found it?
Have you been able to contact the relatives of the girls who committed suicide?
Of the three cases you were consulting in Takagi last week?
Let's see, the parents of the medical student, the Yuko Tokugi,
"They lived in Kochi, but it seems that 6 months ago they moved house...
and we still haven't found the new address."
"As for the second case, that of the Natalie Kuruma,
"She was born in Hokkaido and her only family, her parents,
"They had a traffic accident
when they were going to look for the daughter's body and they both died."
"In the third case, that of the Kyoko Hikoue, who worked as a stewardess,
"It seems she lied about her place of birth...
and her identity is still unknown."
"Now, according to statements from co-workers,
she sometimes spoke with a Hakata accent."
Shikoku, Hokkaido and Kyushu....
Three places where if you go at night you have to spend the night.
If I remember correctly, all three suicides took place on the same day, right?
Yes, yes, that's right.
One year after tomorrow.
Eh?
Oh!
What's the matter?
Suddenly the screen started to move.
What?!
Is it... is it an earthquake?
Call the weather bureau and ask where the epicenter is!
If it's a live picture maybe we can narrow down the location!
Okay, okay, okay, okay!
Now it's shaking hard.
Hold on, don't fall, Takagi.
What, Shiratori, though nothing?
It's... it's just that...
they say that in the last 24 hours there hasn't been any earthquake recorded
in any of the 47 prefectures of the country.
Don't... don't smoke that...
What?
How can it be?
Is it overseas?
It seems to have stopped moving.
It's... it's a crow?
What's the meaning of this?
Surely...

the pole or the rod where the camera is attached has swung
because the crow has landed on it.
Yes, of course.
It is very likely that because of one of the 3 cases of suicide
there is someone who has a grudge against Inspector Takagi
and wants to take revenge.
Contact the police stations
who have detailed information about the cases and catch the suspect!
Okay, I'm sorry to keep you all so late.
I'm sorry for keeping you guys so late,
you must be tired, after the interrogation.
-By the way, you're not worried?
-No.
Inspector Takagi might get sleepy when it gets dark.
That's right!
He could roll over and fall!
Nothing will happen!
He doesn't move much when he sleeps.
-You love each other very much, don't you?
-You mean you've slept with him? -No, it's just that...
No, it's just that... when we do stakeouts, sometimes we do some snoozing...
Maybe the culprit has a grudge against Takagi
for what happened in one of the suicide cases.
Maybe it was a homicide
but it turns out he declared it a suicide.
Eh?
I don't think so.
If that were the case he would also have a grudge against the other inspectors and officers
who showed up at the scene, as well as the coroners.
Besides, it doesn't appear that anyone has asked...
to reopen any of the investigations, or anything like that.
You are right.
All 3 cases took place the day after Date had the accident.
and as Takagi was very upset,
I, as a deputy inspector, concluded that they were suicides.
If they had to hate someone it would surely be me.
Maybe all this... is related to the girl who was studying medicine.
Maybe she committed suicide because she ran over Inspector Date.
The person who ran over him was arrested on the spot.
The Yuko Tokugi was involved in another accident.
What about the English teacher?
She might have dated Inspector Takagi.
No way.
Although the word "date" was written on the calendar in her room,
it's impossible for a police inspector to go out
and date every day.
So maybe it was the stewardess.
Surely she must have committed suicide
because Inspector Date stopped her boyfriend.
And since in Takagi he was a close friend of Inspector Date....
It is true that it was the same Inspector Date
who arrested Kyoko Hikoue's boyfriend.
But it was not until the day after Inspector Date's death...
that she read in the newspaper that her boyfriend was a swindler...
and, in desperation, she hung herself.
There's no reason why anyone should hate the police.
Well... I'm not so sure about that,
but I think we should focus in more detail on Inspector Date.
Huh?
Why is that?
I just keep thinking about it...
Especially about the fact that Inspector Date
had the same name as Inspector Takagi.
(Thinking) "It's already dark."
"It's cold, I'm freezing. Who knows if I'm going to die here."
"Deep down it's my fault..."
"I guess God will judge me now."
Takagi... put this away.
Co... I'm counting on you.
Here, take it.
Give it to me!
I want... you to keep it forever.
"No way! I have to hold on!"
"I have to try to get out of here!"
"I have to get the message to them!"
"I have to do it by Date. They must know the truth."
(Male) Bad news, superintendent.
The internet provider has told me...
that the retransmission is being made from an overseas server.
We have asked the investigators of the three cases to help us.
This means it's going to take a long time.
Also, if the transmission is being done through several countries....
We will need more time to investigate it,
and by the time we locate him, he may have frozen to death in Takagi.
-He looks very weakened.
-How is he in Takagi?
He's been trying to sit up, and he's been moving around all night.
I'm sure he's getting very cold,
but if he continues like this, he'll be exhausted!
(Breathing heavily)
"It's not a date."
Did Takagi really say this
before he left the night before last?
Yes.
When Yumi jokingly said to him:
"You're going to spend the night at a spa with a girl?"
She says he replied with a very straight face, "It's no date."
Hm.
Oh, by the way,
you said on the phone that you had realized something very important.

We noticed that the way the man who gave us the tablet was talking was a bit strange.
who gave us the tablet was a bit strange.
He told us, "Two days later you won't be able to take advantage of it in any way".
Yes, it is strange.
The most normal thing to say is "the day after tomorrow", not "two days later".
Maybe he is a foreigner who has learned to speak Japanese very well.
But he looked 100% Japanese, don't you think?
-Eh.
-Yes.
Hey, did any of the three girls who committed suicide...
had any connection with Hokkaido?
Yes.
The English conversation teacher, Natalie Kuruma, was from Hokkaido.
Well... it's very likely
that someone related to her has kidnapped in Takagi.
What's that?
Why do you say that?
Hokkaido people use the expression "the day after tomorrow".
they use the expression "two days later".
-But why has he been kidnapped?
-Huh?
It would probably be Inspector Date's girlfriend.
His girlfriend?
His girlfriend?
The word that was written every day on the calendar
was not the English word "date" which as you know means "date",
but it was her last name, Date, written in Latin script.
Eh?
He was writing down the days Inspector Date spent the night.
Therefore, just as he said in Takagi, it was not about any date!
Of course it was.
I thought she wrote the word "date" in English,
because she was an English teacher;
I didn't think it was a surname.
And if I remember correctly, you said she had a date,
the day she committed suicide, didn't you?
Yes.
So, if that day...
she and Inspector Date were scheduled to go somewhere...
It's quite possible that she was waiting for him
not knowing that she'd been in a car accident
and, in despair because her boyfriend had abandoned her,
decided to commit suicide.
Wow...
Surely Inspector Takagi must have only recently realized the misunderstanding
and wanted to inform her family of what had really happened.
Now that you mention it, you can see that Takagi was crying....
While looking at a photo in the notebook.
If it was Natalie's picture
and if it was a week ago that she confirmed the facts
when she read the case documents, that makes sense!
Wait a minute!
We're talking about the girl who was dating Inspector Date, right?
She had nothing to do with Takagi!
But what if by any chance the Natalie told her parents
only that the man she was dating was named Wataru,
without specifying what his last name was?
What if Takagi contacted the girl's parents, saying he had to explain something to them and
saying that he had something to explain to them and that he wanted to go see them?
Perhaps they thought
that the same inspector who was guilty of their daughter's suicide
had had the bar to contact them a year later.
And that's why they had to kidnap in Takagi.
But the Natalie's parents died in a car accident,
just as they were coming to pick up the body.
So who picked up the girl's body?
I remember that...
it was a middle-aged man who was also an English teacher.
He took it to Hokkaido.
By the way, the people at the police station told me
that when the teacher went to pick up the body he started to cry
and said that he was from the same town as the girl
and that, for him, Natalie was like a real daughter.
Then there is no doubt!
That man is the one who has kidnapped Takagi!
He must have read the mail he sent
and by mistake it was thought that it was he
who had caused all those misfortunes!
(Superintendent) We have identified the suspect!
The name is Ryusaku Fuemoto.
Apparently last month he quit his job as an English teacher because of illness and left
because of an illness and went to Hokkaido.
The school doesn't know the address where he lives now,
but if we take into account that he never left the apartment where he had lived as a young man.
then it is very likely that we will find him there.
Go immediately and when you find him stop him!
-All right!
-Make him confess where he lives in Takagi!
(Doorbell)
(Fuemoto) Come in.
The door is open.
(Fuemoto) Finally.
Looks like you finally found me.
While I was waiting for you I was falling asleep,
I was afraid I'd press the bomb button by accident.
What, can you confirm me that it's him?
(Ayumi) Yes!
-It's the same man!
-(Ayumi) No doubt about it!

Come on, speak up!
Where is Inspector Takagi?
-Huh?
-Is that you, the girl?
I mean the inspector who's inspector Takagi's superior.
Docs know what?
He was right.
She told me you were a very pretty girl.
But this in no way justifies him leaving poor Natalie.
Listen to this!
Listen to me before I break your face!
You're going to kidnap Wataru Takagi...
and Natalie's boyfriend was Wataru Date!
Besides, he didn't leave her!
Did you understand me?
B-but in the mail she sent it said very clearly: "In Wataru she won't come back".
Of course not!
Because that day he was hit by a car and Date died!
No... it's not possible!
Now tell me, where is Inspector Takagi!
Arrgh!
It can't be!
The wine must have been poisoned.
-Yes, right away!
-Call an ambulance!
Don't die!
-Where is it?
-It's... -It's...
Tell me!
Come on, speak!
It's... aagh...
Oh!
Where is it in Takagi!?
Hey, Sato, what's up?
What's the situation?
Have you been able to apprehend the suspect?
What's going on?
Say something, Sato!
"Sato!"
Superintendent, I'm sorry to tell you that...
the emergency service has just confirmed the suspect's death,
Ryusaku Fuemoto.
There are indications that the wine he was drinking when we broke into his house,
had some kind of poisonous substance added to it.
Is the suspect dead?
Do you think he poisoned himself?
"Yes, because we found..."
a bottle of poison next to the wine bottle.
Looks like he was determined from the beginning
to end his life when we arrived.
In addition, he also had a bomb on him
and he most likely intended to explode it and die
if we tried to take him by force.
But if we gave him a chance to talk maybe he wanted to make us suffer.
"I would say the suspect hated the police."
You explained to him that he was dead wrong?
"Yes."
"I told him about the inspector he had kidnapped," I said,
"worked with Inspector Wataru Date,
and that he had the wrong person."
"I thought that the girl had committed suicide because Date had abandoned her."
"I didn't know that he had been run over by a car and killed."
Anyway, by the time I explained all this to him he had already drunk the wine.
I have not been able to get him to tell me where he is being held in Takagi.
You haven't found anything in his apartment that could give us any kind of clue?
No.
We are looking everywhere, but we haven't found anything yet.
The only thing we have found is Inspector Takagi's cell phone,
which the suspect must have left with him during the kidnapping.
In the mailbox there were several text messages from the suspect.
In one of the messages he said that his intention was to go to see Takagi,
but he had become ill, and apologized.
But he said he wanted to go to Takagi to see her,
changing the ticket he had originally bought for himself.
I also found a mail written by Fuemoto addressed to me that said....
"I have left you a gift from Inspector Takagi.
the bushes in front of the police headquarters".
I guess this was the way
how he had intended to get the tablet to me.
But he saw there before the guys he knew at Takagi....
and asked them to take it to him.
"Yes, that way he didn't run the risk....
that someone would randomly hit it before I got there."
"Is there any mail we can use as a clue to locate in Takagi?"
No.
It just said I would go pick up at Takagi at the airport.
Then continue to search the floor for any clues!
"Understood!"
Chances are you will find absolutely nothing.
Already.
The man sent us a tablet
where all we see is the image of Takagi kidnapped and tied up.
Virtually all functions have been disabled,
everything he had written on the back has been scratched out,
the images are being relayed from an overseas server
which has not been located.
If he wanted to commit suicide in front of the police from the start....
I don't think he left any clues
that could reveal where he is tied up in Takagi.

The normal would be Hokkaido itself, where the suspect lived.
I have asked all the builders in the area
to check the construction sites of buildings with more than 4 floors.
But to no avail,
and so far we don't have any news that they have found in Takagi.
Mmm... The only clue we have left are the images of Takagi.
If it rained or snowed, we could further narrow down the location where it is.
The only thing we have seen part of it is that crow.
They say a crow has come out?
Yes, it has.
If you have recorded it, could you show us the images?
When it comes to animals, we children are the ones who know the most.
-Yes!
-Yes!
(Genta) Oh!
(Genta) Wow, it's a regular crow.
I can see that.
But look, it has a gray stripe on its neck!
(Shinichi: thinks) "It's... it's a gralla!"
"But if I remember correctly, this corvid..."
-So what?
Did you find anything?
-We're back!
No.
I was supposed to erase all the data from the computer.
Although they are investigating where he got the bomb from,
we still don't know.
-How is... Inspector Takagi?
-All right.
Don't worry, he's still alive.
Although he looks very weak.
Oh!
-What happened?
-All right!
It's just that Takagi hasn't stopped moving since yesterday.
I thought he was moving because he was cold
but what he was doing was trying to cut the rope at his feet with the plank.
-And he finally succeeded!
-Huh?
I can see that.
If he swings his legs to both sides it will be easy for him to hold on and not fall!
That's good!
But what is this?
What's he doing with his legs now?
It looks like he wants to pull the sheet towards him, doesn't it?
Maybe it's to cover himself and maintain his body temperature.
-Why... why?
-No!
He has made it fall!
Maybe what he wants is for someone to see or feel the sheet fall.
"Oh, Takagi, what are you doing? What must be going through your mind?"
"Somebody... please notice."
"Oh! H-is that...?"
Hey, wait a minute!
But what's that over there?
Hm.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi
watashitte Wagamama sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
"Oh! H-is that...?"
Hey, wait a minute!
But what's that over there?
-What?!
-A bomb?
Mh.
Oh!
Ah...
I'm sure the timer is set
to go off at that particular time.
Did you check the moving images?
It's a solar pillar.
"It can't be..."
"Where are you, Takagi?"
I remember that...
the approximate time of death was set at 10 am.
"Date..."
Sato!
Takagi!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Retransmission of a life-risking love (Stage Break-in)'."

