"Inspector Takagi left without telling anyone where he was going."
Listen, do you know Inspector Wataru Takagi?
Yes, we do.
Lucky me!
He asked me if I could deliver this package...
to his girlfriend, the inspector.
Could you do me this favor?
He said it won't take long and to open it as soon as he can.
He also said that "two days later" he will no longer be able to take advantage of it in any way.
"When we opened the package, inside there is a tablet."
"When we turned it on, on the screen we saw....."
It's... it's in Takagi!
"As investigations continue
"In order to find out where Inspector Takagi is located,
3 cases arise that could be related to the kidnapping."
"The possible culprit is identified
and a group of agents goes to the place where he may be hiding."
Finally.
It looks like you finally found me.
While I was waiting for you I was falling asleep,
I was afraid of pressing the bomb button unintentionally...
(Sato) Come on, speak up!
Where is Inspector Takagi?
Well, you know what?
He was right.
He told me you were a very pretty girl.
But this in no way justifies him leaving poor Natalie.
Listen to this!
Listen to me before I break your face!
You're going to kidnap Wataru Takagi...
and Natalie's boyfriend was Wataru Date!
Besides, he didn't leave her!
Did you understand me?
But-but in the mail he sent it said very clearly:
"In Wataru she won't come back".
Of course not!
Because that day he was hit by a car and in Date he died!
No... it's not possible!
Now tell me where Inspector Takagi is!
It can't be!
The wine must have been poisoned.
Call an ambulance!
-Where is he?
Tell me!
Come on, speak!
-It's... -It's...
It's...
Where is it in Takagi?!
"Meanwhile, Inspector Takagi...
"He has managed to cut the rope that was tied to his feet,
"he pulls down the sheet underneath and discovers..."
It's...
Hey, wait a minute!
But what's that over there?
-(Sato) What?
- (Sato) A bomb?
"Of love and crimes there are always: they are repeated every day."
"Inspector Takagi is in danger!"
"He's very tired and time is running out for the bomb to go off!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
"Retransmission of a love that risks life,
(Bursting onto the scene)"
-With timer.
-It looks like a time bomb.
Eh?
Shiratori!
Do you know what exact time he committed suicide, Natalie?
The approximate time of death was set at 10:00 in the morning.
Listen, tomorrow morning it will be a year since she committed suicide!
I'm sure the timer is set
to go off at that particular time.
So, this means...
that Takagi could be dead in less than 18 hours or so.
- (Chiba) One... one moment!
(Chiba) -No, please!
The ribbon holding the bomb is about to come loose
and the bomb could fall.
(Chiba) Shit!
(Chiba) - Calm down!
-Ta... Takagi, no!
Takagi has noticed and is trying to make it fall with his feet!
-A little more!
-All right, Takagi!
Let it fall!
What's he trying to do?
What is he trying to do?
-Put it on top of the plank!
What?
That means there's someone.
He must have heard someone's voice underneath
that's why he didn't drop the bomb.
We can't hear his voice from here, can we?
If they've taped his mouth shut.
it means it's not in a very isolated place.

I'm sure they have
because if someone were to pass by they could surely feel it.
In other words, he has taken the bomb....
to protect someone passing by.
You're a hero, Takagi.
Who do you think will be the first to arrive tomorrow?
My father, for sure!
Because he's the strongest!
"The strongest..."
Caram, Date, you're very strong, huh?
You have to be to stop such a burly suspect without any trouble.
I'm told that at the police academy you were top of the class.
Aw, shut up... This is all just hearsay.
I always came second...
I couldn't get over it once, neither physically nor mentally.
What?
Who did you beat?
He was a lanky kid a lot like you...
I'd like to know where he stops and what he does, now.
Maybe he's dead somewhere because he trusted himself too much.
So be careful....
Even though we're cops, we only have one life and plenty of it, buddy.
Don't risk your for nothing that ain't worth it.
"Give yourself..."
That we should narrow down the location of in Takagi on the island of Hokkaido?
How come you're so sure?
Because this corvid in the picture with en Takagi,
it's probably a gralla.
Crows are mostly found in Europe,
but on two occasions some specimens have been located in Japan,
and both times in Hokkaido.
But this is not enough to establish that it is Hokkaido.
(Sato) Hey!
(Sato) -What can it be...?
-What's that light?
Mm?
What light?
There, in the sky, behind Inspector Takagi.
There's a thin column of light.
It's a solar pillar.
It occurs at dawn or dusk,
when the sunlight reflects
on ice crystals in the air
and forms a kind of luminous pillar.
The internet says that this phenomenon
can only be seen in cold places, such as Hokkaido.
You mean Takagi is located in a place where it is very cold?
Then we have to rescue it right away!
Or it could freeze to death!
At what temperature does it have to be for this phenomenon to occur?
Well, I'd say it was about 20 degrees below zero.
At... 20 below zero?
The pillar is some distance away,
we can't be sure that it's at this temperature in Takagi.
But it doesn't seem to be very far from where it is.
Mmm...
Superintendent.
It's Hokkaido!
I'm sure the place where he's being held in Takagi is Hokkaido!
Request the cooperation of the Hokkaido police
and contact all construction and demolition companies!
Ask them to double check everything!
OK!
Megure!
You and Sato have helicopter in Hokkaido!
It's very possible that an accomplice of the suspect
is watching near where Inspector Takagi is.
Take the gun and the cell phone!
OK!
Okay!
"Hang in there, Takagi."
Hold on a little longer.
Whenever you want!
"But it's strange..."
"They said they had checked all the buildings under construction
over 4 stories in Hokkaido."
"How come they haven't found her yet?"
"If I had a lot of friends.
"And they were doing the work themselves,
it would be a different story, but..."
"If there is a company doing the work,
a 4-story building shouldn't be too hard to find."
"Also, I don't quite understand....
why in Takagi has dropped the sheet."
"It's true that someone passing by there
could hear the sound of the sheet falling, but..."
"If the police badge that he dropped the first night
is covered by the sheet, it will be worse."
"Maybe he had another reason to drop it."
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
You've recorded images of Inspector Takagi with your cell phone, haven't you?
Yes, a few.
Show them to me.
"It can't be that the place where Takagi is located is...?"
"It can't be!"
(Radio: superintendent) "Megure, have you found in Takagi yet?"
Not yet.
The prefectural helicopters are also helping us look for him,
but we should narrow down the area, or else...
"...it will be very difficult."
"Do you have any news from the construction companies?"
No... When the sun comes up they will check the buildings again,
but they haven't located any buildings of 4 stories or more yet,

similar to that of the images of Inspector Takagi.
"But is he all right, Takagi?"
He's alive, but he looks like he's about to faint.
Maybe we should look for him in towns outside Hokkaido.
Mm?
Megure, what's wrong?
"Oh!"
Well, it's snowing.
It's started to snow.
Superintendent, what's the weather like over there?
Do you see snow in the pictures?
(Chiba) Yes, it's snowing here too!
Call the weather service!
(Chiba) Hurry!
-Superintendent!
-(Chiba) Yes!
There are less than 60 minutes to the scheduled time of the bomb blast.
I know, don't remind me!
Superintendent!
It looks like it's only snowing in Hokkaido!
They say it has started to snow practically all over the island.
This confirms without a doubt that Takagi is there.
Where exactly?
We have already checked the buildings over 4 stories in the whole prefecture.
Because it has no more than 4 floors.
Why haven't we found it?
What?
The culprit used a trick
to make us believe that where he's being held is more than 4 stories.
Conan has come here because he says he realized something
after he saw the images from yesterday.
I've been up all night analyzing the images
and I finally found the proof.
But we also studied the images
until there was nothing left to check and we found nothing.
Did you check the images that moved?
The images that moved?
The ones where the gralla
was placed on top of the pole holding the camera and fell.
This image.
As the camera was moving, it shifted a little bit,
we went a little bit forward and...
This is it.
Look closely at this image.
The side of Inspector Takagi's left shoulder.
There's something, right?
And it looks like a hook.
-But what's this?
-You see? -Yes, it's true!
Yes, it's true!
The hook at the end of the police badge lanyard.
Sure, the police badge that you dropped on Takagi!
But isn't it in a very strange position?
It looks like it's floating in the air and not touching the ground.
But it's not floating;
it's on top of an object.
It is a simple mirror.
You say... it's a mirror?
That's why Inspector Takagi dropped the police badge!
He wanted us to discover the trick of the mirror,
but it was his bad luck that it was hidden under the board.
It was for this very reason that he insisted
and dropped the sheet.
So... the lower part of the image is the reflection of a mirror.
Therefore, the building must have only one or two floors.
Yes.
And the fact that Inspector Takagi is still alive proves it.
The fact that he's alive proves it?
Don't you understand?
The solar pillar phenomenon only happens at 20 degrees below zero.
If you leave a person in a shirt and jacket out in the open,
in cold as extreme as it's supposed to be,
it won't take him a night to freeze to death.
So, Inspector Takagi is still alive?
Because there is an electrical resistance behind the mirror.
This way the snow melts and doesn't allow it to accumulate.
Isn't that right, doctor?
Yes, because if the snow had accumulated,
it would have revealed the presence of the mirror.
Also, thanks to this, the temperature in the building has not dropped as much.
It went very well for Inspector Takagi.
So let's go!
Let's change targets and start looking for one- or two-story buildings!
In this case, it is very likely that it could be a private house.
Ask the central headquarters
to also search the houses that are being renovated!
(Superintendent) "Megure!
(Superintendent) "Megure!"
"Surely this is a house without a roof!"
"It will be easier to find it from the air."
"There are only about 40 minutes left until the explosion."
"You must make every effort to find it in Takagi before!"
Okay, superintendent!
"Where are you? Where are you, Takagi?"
(Chiba) Superintendent!
He's taping the tape covering his mouth to the steel pole of the scaffolding.
- (all) Oh!
-He's got it off!
Now he can call for help!
-Why doesn't he call?
-Takagi, what's wrong?
Probably because he can't.
The poor guy is so weak that he must not even have a voice.

He hasn't had anything to drink for more than two days and his throat must be completely dry.
-Oh, Takagi...
-Oh, no...
Oh!
Just a moment!
Isn't that a star flying behind Inspector Takagi?
But... there's not just one or two!
It's... a star contest!
-Next.
-Shiratori, can you locate it?
Today in Hokkaido there seem to be 3 kite flying contests,
in Ikeguchi, Komamae and also in Hibai city.
Inform Hokkaido Headquarters immediately!
Yes, sir!
Isn't there any way to eliminate any?
- (Chiba) Superintendent!
-5 minutes to explosion!
The... the mouth...
The inspector is moving his mouth, trying to say something.
(Chiba) What is it?
But it's in profile, and with the snow you can't see it well,
it's hard to read the lips.
What is it?
Komamae.
The only 3 consonants that are pronounced by closing the lips
are eme, be and pe!
If you are trying to tell us where it is and it is one of the 3 places we said before,
you would close your lips twice to say "Komamae"!
Megure!
Go to Komamae!
As fast as you can!
In Takagi is there!
Well, we're currently flying over the Komamae area.
Ah... It's over there!
To the right of the helicopter!
Right below!
"Takagi..."
Already found!
It's near 3rd Street, to Komamae!
I don't see any accomplices nearby.
(Superintendent) "Hurry up! Less than two minutes left!"
(Superintendent) Impossible!
If we get any closer, Takagi will fall by the force of the wind!
(Superintendent) Inspector!
Speak into the megaphone and evacuate the people in the street!
Eh?
Hey, hey, hey!
Sato!
Sa... Sato!
Sato, where are you going?
Sato!
(Takagi) "Inspector Sato."
"I just saw Inspector Sato falling out of the sky before me.
and her skirt has hiked up."
Ha-ha-ha.
I'm delirious already.
I won't get out of this one.
Takagi!
Head to the left!
Don't move!
Sato!
Takagi!
-I think so, more or less.
-Are you alive, Wataru?
Oh!
How nice!
We better get out of here!
-The... the image has frozen.
-What happened to Takagi? -Takagi!
-Takagi!
-Don't die, now.
Oooh!
Inspector Sato!
We're on duty, you know?
I don't care!
Besides, there's no one who can see us.
You seem to be all right.
What's that?
-Takagi...!
-You must have died.
According to the information
we just received from the Hokkaido police headquarters,
in Ryusaku Fuemoto had a terminal cancer.
The house where he has held in Takagi he bought under a false name.
Apparently, he told the renovation company....
that he wanted to put a skylight on the roof at the entrance,
but he expressly asked them
to stop the work for the 3 days in question.
Yes, I see that nobody listens to me.
Shiratori, I leave the case in your hands.
Okay, sir.
Megure, Takagi and Sato are fine.
Go to Hokkaido Police Headquarters.
(Chiba) Oh.
The battery's dead.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
We are a month late,
to visit Inspector Date's grave.
Au, don't worry, you had to recover from everything you went through.
Gee, I'm sorry.
If only I had been able to tell Natalie that day
that Inspector Date had been run over and killed,
none of this would have happened.
Nonsense!
Besides, Natalie knew.
She knew that Date had died.
Inspector Date's parents remember.
When they went to the hospital to identify the body,
they saw a half-Japanese girl
standing outside the ward with tears in her eyes.
Apparently,
Inspector Date was scheduled to go to Hokkaido that night to talk to his girlfriend's parents.
to talk to his girlfriend's parents.
He had also planned to take her parents, too, that day,
because this way they would meet Natalie.

Are you serious?
Yes, you see, it wasn't your fault.
You know what?
I would have liked very much...
to be able to give you this.
This ring.
Because I'm sure
that Inspector Date's last words meant this.
Wataru...
You have..., take it.
I'm counting on you.
-Huh?
-Huh?
A toothpick.
What's it doing in a place like this?
Come to think of it, Inspector Date always carried a toothpick.
That's right, he did.
Someone who came to pay him a visit before us...
must have left it as a souvenir.
I'd like to know who it was.
"Rest in peace...,
my friend."
I try to convince myself by saying:
"Calm down, you haven't fallen, you haven't fallen..."
(Man) He has fallen!
Yes, hurry up!
Let's see what happened.
Ah... Yes.
-I wrote the article.
-I'm the one who took the photograph.
And I'm the one who, supposedly,
edited and published it in the weekly magazine "Great".
Allegedly?
"Don't miss the next episode:
" 'An Alibi of Foam and Smoke, (part one)"."

