(Mobile, message: beep-beep)
(Mobile)
(Mobile)
(Shinichi voice) "Of love and crimes there are always,
they are repeated every day."
"The message that was sent before the fall,
could it be a trick to hide a crime?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
(Conan voice) "An Alibi of Foam and Smoke (Part One)"
What a pity, Conan!
Father is in no condition to drive.
He's been drinking until 5 a.m. and he's still sleeping!
Sorry, but you and Ay will have to go skiing by train.
"Be careful, you feel?"
Ah... easy.
Yes.
(Shinichi, think) "When I woke up, Kogoro was not in bed."
This asking Mr. Mouri to give us a ride didn't work out, did it?
Gee, it's already 7 o'clock!
If we have to walk to the bus stop,
the bus will have left by the time we get there.
For the record, I told you so.
I'm the one who neglected something,
I could have gone back to get her by myself.
No, you didn't!
Children wandering the streets alone can get kidnapped,
that's why I went with you.
(Shinichi, thinks) "On the outside, yes."
I'm not a child.
Mm?
Well, what do you want us to do?
We can try to go by train,
but we'll lose too much time with the transfers
and it'll be dark by the time we get there.
What can we do, it's not like we have much of a choice.
Mm?
Or maybe we do.
We could ask the Subaru to give us a ride.
What?
But, uh... are you sure?
Why wouldn't he?
He has nothing to do all day, ese.
No, I was talking about you!
Since you're so fond of him, I don't know if...
I can't always be guided by my prejudices.
I'm not a creature.
But your appearance is that of a...
(Shinichi, think) "In this case, physical appearance has nothing to do with it."
(Ay, think) "Besides, it's possible that in Subaru..."
(Intercom)
(Man) I'm coming, I'm coming!
What a scandal, at this hour!
Well, it's you!
I didn't know if you were coming.
Come in, I'll listen to what you tell me.
Even if it's just nonsense.
Apa!
Go skiing all together?
Lucky you!
Since I'm going with you, I'd like to do a couple of runs.
-Oh, would you?
-It's been too long since I've exercised.
And is there any reason why you need to keep in shape?
Of course there is!
I like women to have a good impression of me.
(Conan voice) Inspector Takagi!
Are you watching someone?
Hey, Conan!
Yes, I am.
In fact, I just took over in Chiba.
Wow!
It's good that you were able to get back to work so soon.
Oh, I'm so glad!
I still have nightmares, though, from time to time.
Aaaah...!
But I always wake up right after I fall off the board.
I try to convince myself by saying to myself:
"Calm down, you haven't fallen, you haven't fallen...".
(Man) He has fallen!
A man has fallen!
Hurry up, inspector!
It's on the other side of the street!
Yes, hurry!
Let's see what happened.
Aaa... yes.
-It's creepy.
-(Takagi) What horror, I've seen it all!
(Takagi) Excuse me!
Tokyo Police, has there been a problem?
What-what happened?
I was running by on the sidewalk.
and all of a sudden, this man fell from the sky.
Yes, I saw him too.
I always take the same route when I take the dog out.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He must have fallen from this building."

Does anyone know him?
Does anyone know who this man is?
Look, he's got a cell phone in his breast pocket.
What's that?
That's right!
Oh!
He sent a very strange e-mail just before he fell.
Also, it looks like he sent it to several recipients at the same time.
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?!
Hey, what are you doing?!
What if we send it again?
(Cell phones, messages: beep-beep)
(Conan, thinks) "The people who received it are these three."
This means that you knew the victim, right?
Why didn't you say anything when I asked a moment ago?
It's just that I... I heard a very loud noise and I came out of the house in a hurry.
I still couldn't see his face.
I... the same thing happened to me.
I was so frightened when I heard that scream
that I even spilled my coffee.
I also went down when I heard the scream.
If the man who fell down is the same man who sent me the e-mail,
could it be the director, in Katsumoto?
-It can't be!
-Oysters!
So..., they say he was a director, then?
Yes, it is at Daisaku Katsumoto,
owner and director of the Katsumoto publishing house.
Do you know the weekly magazine "Great"?
It's a big seller.
Yes, there's gossip about actors and things like that.
How curious that the director and his employees
lived in the same building...
Coincidentally, it's close to work.
In fact, I was thinking of moving to another apartment.
I'm self-employed, I don't have a contract.
The three of us live on the third floor
and the director, on the 26th floor.
I understand... Anyway, you would have to accompany me to the police station.
I'd like to ask you a couple more questions.
-He mustn't suspect us!
-Hey, hey, wait a minute!
I've already told you, I haven't left the house until now.
Is there anyone who can confirm that it's true?
I guess not.
The thing is that the three of us live alone.
Why don't we go take a look at these people's apartment?
What?
Just four minutes ago, someone shouted, "He's down!"
Maybe we'll still find some clues.
I don't know what you're trying to find, the floors.
From the injuries on the body,
it appears to have fallen from a great height.
If it was murder,
the culprit must have pushed him down from the 26th floor.
and then went down to the street in currents.
If none of them have left the house so far, they will be ruled out as suspects,
they will be ruled out as suspects.
If Inspector Takagi had not been there,
they would not have searched their apartment until later.
The culprit could not have foreseen this coincidence,
so there was no need for him
to stop by his house after the crime
to make it look like he hadn't gone out.
Wow, you're quite the murder expert, aren't you?
Yes, I'm a real Sherlock.
But it's not the crime itself that interests me,
but the clue that solves the mystery.
Is that so?
Mr. Sodesaki and Miss Tsukihara will wait here,
at the entrance.
-Okay.
-Don't close the door, please.
What's in this bag?
Some gifts I was given
as a thank you for attending a funeral.
Let's see, is there anything to prove you haven't left the house?
Oh, look, I left the TV on.
Well, I doubt this is any evidence of...
Ah!
What about that, what do you say?
The beer still has a finger of foam left in it,
because up until now I was watching TV and drinking beer.
Understood.
A proof that I have not left the house so far?
I don't know if we'll find anything...
Wow!
I see you went to the same funeral as Mr. Ogino, right?
Yes, in fact, the three of us went together.
But the principal didn't come, did he?
About that..., what's in here?
Ah!
It's the coffee I was drinking before I left home.
The first thing I do when I get up is have coffee.
This could perhaps serve as evidence.
There's still a little smoke coming out of it.
Inspector, hurry up, hurry up!
I want to show you something.
Tra-tranquilo, there's no hurry.
When I heard about Miss Tsukihara's coffee,
I remembered something.
Oh, no!
It's already gone out!
Before leaving the house I left the cigarette in the ashtray
and I thought it would still be lit...
Oh!
Look, you see?
The cigarette is still smoking.

This proves that he was at home just now.
(Takagi) Y-yes, you are right.
So, none of you have gone to the apartment where the director lived.
(Takagi) -Of course not.
(Takagi) -No.
We've already told you at the beginning.
(Shinichi, think) "The proofs of your alibis are:
the foam, the smoke from the coffee and the smoke from the cigarette..."
A beer, a coffee and a cigarette?
And you say that the foam and smoke serve as alibis?
Yes.
I'll tell you chronologically.
Around 5:30 p.m. on 8:00 a.m,
while I was returning to the police station after a shift of surveillance,
someone called: "A man is down!".
I approached the building and found a man on the floor, dressed in pajamas and a bathrobe,
dressed in pajamas and a bathrobe.
Witnesses told me
that he had fallen from the top floor of the building.
He was carrying a cell phone in his breast pocket.
I took a look and discovered that it was five minutes to half past one,
just before he fell,
he had sent an e-mail to several recipients.
- (cell phones, messages: beep-beep)
I forwarded the e-mail and...
I got it.
So these three people have received a provocative email
inciting them to kill the victim.
Yes.
That's it, isn't it?
The man who died is Daisaku Katsumoto,
director of the publishing house where the three suspects worked.
Given the contents of the e-mail, I have asked the three of them...
to voluntarily accompany me to the police station for questioning,
but I thought that maybe in their apartments we would find evidence that they were at home at the time of the murder.
that they were at home at the time of the crime.
And in the three apartments you found a beer with foam,
a hot coffee and a smoking cigarette.
Yes, sir.
Did I say it right?
If one of these three people is the one who pushed Mr. Katsumoto,
he was already in the street when I arrived where the body was,
so after the crime he went downstairs without going home.
I needed to get to the street as soon as possible
to be credible when he claimed he hadn't left his house until he heard the commotion.
until he heard the commotion.
But this intangible evidence that you say you have,
only you've seen it...
Mm?
I took pictures of them.
With my cell phone camera, but they'll do.
Co-Conan!
Ah, yes, it's just that when I was passing by I found the car with Conan.
Just before they called: "A man is down!"
Yeah..., so you drove Conan...
to the house of three people suspected of having committed a crime.
W-well, it was he who proposed...
to escorcolléssim the apartments of the suspects.
Look, inspector.
Still...
The foam from Mr. Ogino's beer;
the smoke from Ms. Tsukihara's coffee.
I made a video so that it didn't look good in the photo.
And Mr. Sodesaki's cigarette smoke.
I have portrayed them with their things
to make it easier to identify each floor.
And where were the other two while you were taking the photos?
I asked them to wait at the entrance with the door open,
so as not to lose sight of them.
That way I made sure
that they didn't have a chance to pass by the house.
Mm.
Let's see.
Are you sure that Mr. Katsumoto
has fallen from the balcony of his apartment,
on the 26th floor of the building?
Yes.
The door of the house and the balcony window were open.
Right after he sent the e-mail,
you used the telephone to call a renovation company.
Yes.
A renovation company?
It turns out that the new carpet that you had installed last night
wasn't exactly what you asked for.
I'm told that, while you were on the phone,
he measured the length of the pile on the new carpet and complained.
Then the doorbell rang and he said:
"I'll call back later."
Yes...
Then he hung up.
So the victim was at home before she fell off the balcony.
And the person who knocked on the door must have been the murderer.
By the way, how long does it take to get to the director's house...
From where do the suspects live?
The suspects live on the third floor,
and the director lived 23 floors up.
It takes about 7 minutes to get there and back.
I have personally verified this by going up and down the stairs.
It is proven.
By the stairs?
Why didn't you use the elevator?
Because there is a security camera in the elevator.

I asked to see the images
and I have verified that none of the three suspects are in the picture,
neither before nor after the time of the crime.
If any of them is the one who killed Mr. Katsumoto,
he must have gone up and down the stairs.
I understand.
He knocked on the director's door
and, when he opened it, he pushed her down the balcony.
If we calculate the time it took her to get to the first floor
and add the time it took you to enter the three floors,
assuming that one of them is the culprit,
it's been more than 10 minutes before you entered his floor.
Yes.
After 10 minutes,
both the foam and the smoke would have had to disappear.
You've convinced me.
Anyway, I don't understand...
why the director sent them that e-mail.
Because of litigation.
We were thinking of suing the director among the three of us.
Sue him?
Early next month.
You'll know.
Last week, a famous actress committed suicide.
Yes!
If I remember correctly, she committed suicide...
because they published a photograph of her
making out with a delinquent.
-I wrote the article.
-I'm the one who took the picture.
And I'm the one who, supposedly,
edited it and published it in the weekly magazine "Great".
Mm?
"Allegedly"?
Mm?
Yes, both the article and the photos are fake.
What?
That picture was taken when they were about to hug.
They weren't kissing.
It says in the article that he has a record, but that's a lie.
He's a stuntman,
and the wounds on his face had been done during a shoot.
But the actress was engaged to a young parliamentarian, wasn't she?
If she was cuddling with another man,
maybe the rumors weren't entirely false...
This is also false.
The boy was her stepbrother on her father's side,
and she had just announced to him that she was getting married.
What a ?!
Lla-so why did you...?
We found out before we published it and decided to scrap the article,
but the editor rewrote it without permission and published it.
With the headline:
"Famous actress plays with fire on the eve of her wedding".
The day the magazine came out was the day before the wedding of the actress to the young MP.
of the actress to the young parliamentarian,
and sales skyrocketed.
The girl's stepbrother was attacked by a fanatic
and is still in the hospital, seriously injured and in a coma.
The engagement was broken off and she, in desperation, committed suicide.
But if she had spoken out she would have found out it was a set-up, wouldn't she?
She couldn't explain it,
because the girl's stepbrother was the son of her father's mistress.
The editor knew this and nevertheless decided to publish the article.
But it is unforgivable that he uses our names without permission
for making up the story!
That's why last night we sent Mr. Katsumoto
an e-mail signed by all three of us.
We told him that we had proof that the article was false and that he would have to face the consequences.
and that he would have to face the consequences.
And we also told him that we would not rest until we brought him down.
Understood.
The director read the e-mail this morning
and sent the same response to all three of them.
So, the bag of gifts that you were given at the funeral...
and that the three of you have at home...
Yes.
It was given to us by the actress's family after the funeral..,
as a thank you.
We went to the funeral incognito.
We posed as employees of the production company that owned the actress.
If the motive is the article, maybe we should also investigate...
the family of the actress who committed suicide.
Mm, but the crime was committed right after...
the victim sent that e-mail.
We can't rule out that it was one of these three.
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's right."
"It seems too timely to be a coincidence."
"But the beer, coffee and cigarette...
(Shinichi, thinks) "It proves that they couldn't have done it."
"I was thinking, if we got into the three floors before they did,
we'd find some clue that would give them away."
"Or maybe there is a way to simulate...?"
(Mobile)
(Ayumi) "Hello, Conan!"
Yes, tell me?
What time do you plan to arrive?
Come on, we've already started skiing!
-We'll be waiting for you!
-Make us do a trick when you arrive!

"Excuse me, we're investigating a case and I don't think we can make it.
and I don't think we can make it."
What ?!
No way!
"He says he's investigating a case!"
(Mitsushiko) "The Haibara won't come either?"
I don't think so...
Stop with the cases and come over here!
(Agasa) "It's so cold that we're getting white breath, it's great!"
(Shinichi, thinks) "White breath?"
"Excuse me, I'll call you later."
Wait, Conan!
He hung up.
Hey, Inspector Megure.
Shall we do an experiment?
We won't lose anything.
Yes, an experiment with foam and smoke.
An experiment?
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai
Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright,
Koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi watashitte Wagamama.
Sore Kurai no koto wakatteru.
Dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
(Subaru) Anyway...
What do you plan to do, in Conan, from now on?
-Skiing.
-About what?
Doctor Agasa and the children are waiting for you.
Ah!
I don't think we're going.
The call that Conan received a moment ago must have been from the children.
He must have taken them off his hands
with the excuse that he was investigating a case
and that he couldn't move from here.
-I'm taking over.
-It's always the same thing.
-So you can go now.
-What a pity, isn't it?
We don't need you to take us anywhere anymore.
No.
I'm intrigued to know how the case will turn out.
Besides, I can't leave a helpless young girl alone.
Especially now, when everything seems to indicate that there's a killer at large.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-What a most unreliable gentleman... -Ha-ha-ha-ha!
And you are very demanding.
I will protect you even if it costs me my life, princess.
Is this the first time we've been alone, you and I?
What shall we do with these three, Inspector?
Mm... All three of them have motives for committing the crime.
We should investigate a little further.
Because only from here we can find out the identity of the culprit.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'An Alibi of Foam and Smoke (Part Two)'."

