"The Haibara and I have asked Subaru Okiya.
"To accompany us to the ski resort,
where Dr. Agasa and the children of the League are waiting for us."
"On the way we met Takagi and had a good time talking."
"Suddenly..."
(Man) He has fallen!
A man has fallen!
Yes, hurry!
Let's see what happened.
"We have found lying on the ground a man
who had fallen from the top floor of a block of apartments."
"As there were 3 people at the scene of the crime who knew the victim,
we entered the apartment of each of them to investigate."
Ah!
What about that, what do you say?
The beer still has a finger of foam left,
because until now I was watching TV and drinking beer.
Understood.
About that... What's in here?
Ah!
That's the coffee I was drinking before I left the house.
The first thing I do when I get up is have a coffee.
This could perhaps serve as evidence.
There's still a little smoke coming out of it.
-Relax, there's no hurry.
-I want to show you something.
When I heard about Miss Tsukihara's coffee,
I remembered something.
Oh, no!
It's already gone out!
Before I left the house I left the cigarette in the ashtray
and I thought it would still be lit.
Oh!
Look, you see?
The cigarette is still smoking.
This proves that I was at home a moment ago.
(Shinichi: thinks) "The proofs of his alibis are....
the foam, the coffee smoke and the cigarette smoke."
Hey, Inspector Megure.
Shall we do an experiment?
We won't lose anything.
An experiment?
Eh?
Yes, an experiment with foam and smoke.
"Of love and crime there are always: they are repeated every day."
"A perfect trick that has left no trace."
"The experiment will prove that the alibi is false."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.
"An alibi of foam and smoke (part two)."
Well, just as it says in Conan, if the temperature is low,
the smoke holds a little longer, but...
The temperature in this room is 27 degrees.
Before, when I let her into my house,
I haven't touched the air conditioning control, have I?
Hmm...
No, it's true.
No matter how hard we try, the smoke disappears after 8 minutes.
When you have felt the commotion and left your house,
is there anything that caught your attention?
You didn't see anyone suspicious or hear any strange noises?
Well...
I've been waiting for the elevator for a while, but it wasn't coming.
"It was being used by the neighbors upstairs."
"In the end I went down the stairs, but I didn't see anyone suspicious."
-Let's see...
-Did you hear any noise?
As I was about to leave, a doorbell rang in the next apartment,
where Mr. Ogino lives.
(Ogino) "Ah, yes, the doorbell!"
It's the alarm from the alarm clock next to my bed.
If I don't have to work at night,
I always get up at half past five at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Except for today,
I woke up at midnight and started watching soccer.
Anyway.
Have you finished experimenting with beer?
Hmm...
I've tried it several times,
but there's no way the foam can last more than 6 minutes.
By the way, what about you?
You didn't see or hear anything suspicious when you left your house?
In fact, come to think of it,
as I was coming down the stairs I felt Sodesaki further down the stairs.
He always carries a bunch of keys in his waistband that jingle when he walks,
that's why I knew it was him.
(Sodesaki) Yes, it's true.
This key thing.

Look.
God-ho-ho, so many keys!
To the house, to the car, to the office,
the bike and the safe.
The cigarettes go out completely after 9 minutes.
What you showed me before was almost completely consumed, right?
Ah... yes.
So,
you've been out of your house for approximately 9 minutes.
Uh... Y-yeah, right!
The inspector didn't enter my apartment
until he had already searched the other two.
And you don't remember anything that caught your attention when you left the house?
A noise or a person.
Now that you mention it,
when I got downstairs I heard Ms. Tsukihara's cell phone ringing.
Tsukihara
who was already on the street.
Do you know who it was from, the call you received?
Hm?
Yes.
From what she told me, it was from the photographer on duty.
He called to tell her
that she'd taken some pictures for an exclusive.
Understood.
What are we going to do with these three, Inspector?
Hmm... All three have motive to have committed the crime.
We should investigate a little further.
What do you mean?
An alarm clock, a bunch of keys and a cell phone?
Is that what those three said?
Well... yes.
We've taken them to the police station and they're being questioned separately.
By the way, how did the experiment go?
The foam lasted 6 minutes.
The coffee smoke lasted 8 minutes;
and the cigarette went out after 9 minutes.
"So, the temperature had nothing to do with it."
(Yawns)
U-something.
You look tired, Takagi.
I've been working all night and haven't gone to sleep yet....
If I put on the eye drops you use in Chiba,
I could disguise the sleepy face a little, but you're still working.
(Yawns)
"Disguise?"
"Come to think of it, in Kogoro you once told me..."
You didn't expect that, did you?
He always used this trick when he was a poor student.
"Sure, I got it! I know who the culprit is!"
Hm?
You don't mind if I leave, Conan?
I should be heading home.
Do you want me to drive you?
No need, don't suffer.
They're waiting for me outside.
Besides, when you've heard something I have to explain to you,
you'll want to go back to the crime scene.
Eh?
Is this the first time we've been alone, you and I?
If I remember correctly, I'd say yes.
This parking in front of the police doesn't really work for me,
but since we have to wait on Conan,
what do you say I drive the car to the parking lot and we wait for her inside?
If that's what you want, take him by force.
I will never force you to do anything you don't want to do.
(Think) "I promised her."
Do you mind waiting here?
I don't think I'll be more than half an hour.
What a stick!
Why don't you let the police take care of it?
Of course...
Are you sure you don't want to get in the car?
You'll catch a cold...
-Hey? -I'm fine.
-I'm fine.
We kids are always hot.
(Ogino) Again?
But it's already 7 o'clock!
The result is always the same.
This experiment has already been done several times
before taking us to the police station.
Why did they come back to check it again?
I have already run out of cigarettes.
Right after the crime, when the inspector came into my house,
the beer I was drinking had a finger of foam left.
My coffee hadn't had time to cool down.
And my cigarette was not yet fully extinguished.
All of which goes to show that none of the three of us had left the house
until Mr. Katsumoto was already dead.
Besides, why did they have to come to my house to do the experiments?
I didn't understand it either, but in Takagi it says that....
Eh?
Because only from here can we find out...
the identity of the culprit.
Co... Conan!
The first ones to enter the house of these three people...
were Inspector Takagi and me, that's why we found out.
Is it true?
And what did you find out?
Uh... Y-yes, sir.
But listen, Conan!
It wasn't us who found out the truth,
it was Shinichi Kudo!
Right, that's why we have to follow the instructions...
that Shinichi sent us by e-mail.
"If you let time mature,
the trace that the culprit could not erase will emerge."
This is what Shinichi said in his mail.

(Thinking) "I could have called Inspector Megure directly and explained the truth...".
and explained the truth..."
Wait a minute.
I don't know what you're getting at,
but when they say that they can only solve the case at my place.
they must not be implying that I'm the one who killed Mr. Katsumoto, right?
N-no...
The killer went down the stairs
to avoid the elevator security camera.
If I had pushed Mr. Katsumoto
from the balcony on the 26th floor,
no matter how much I hurried
I could not have reached the first floor before my colleagues.
Wasn't I the first to arrive?
You are right.
When I arrived, Ms. Tsukihara was already on the ground floor.
Tsukihara was already on the street with the rest.
Y... how come you arrived later than Miss Tsukihara?
You also left your house when you felt someone had fallen, didn't you?
Well, because...
I was writing an article and I didn't want to leave the sentence unfinished.
But it only took me a couple of minutes longer to come down.
And you, Mr. Ogino,
how come you arrived later than Mr. Sodesaki?
Because I waited for him to finish a key play in the game.
As you know, I was watching soccer.
-I-I don't remember anymore.
-Do you remember what kind of play it was?
It would be a great pass or a corner kick or... anything.
You were really concentrating on watching the game, weren't you, Mr. Ogino?
Yes, oh so much.
I barely heard the noise outside.
And that, that doesn't sound loud enough?
(Alarm clock: shrill sound)
It's... the alarm clock!
In fact, I heard it going off just before I left the house.
It's the alarm clock alarm you have in your room, isn't it?
I-I think so.
It's now half past five, 8 o'clock in the afternoon.
Earlier you said you had it set
to go off at half past one 8:00 in the morning.
How come it's ringing now too?
It's very simple: when the alarm went off,
nobody stopped it and it stopped by itself after a while.
This is the proof that proves
that you were not at home at that time.
"The alarm sounds so loud that you can feel it from the next floor, where we are now."
"Even if I was watching TV, I would have felt it."
It could be that he was worried about what happened outside
and had left his house without stopping the alarm,
but if that had been the case
he would have arrived at the crime scene before Mr. Sodesaki did.
Isn't that right?
How about this?
-Huh?
-I-it's true, I remember!
I had to go to the bathroom.
At that time I was relieving myself.
That's why I couldn't stop the alarm clock alarm
when it started ringing.
Before entering the bathroom I felt someone shouting:
"A man has fallen!"
and I wanted to go downstairs, but I couldn't stand it anymore.
So, when he came out of the washroom, he stopped the alarm clock and the alarm went off,
you stopped the alarm clock and then went down to the street?
Y-yes.
After another glance at the soccer.
"Wow! It's coming along pretty well."
Besides, you said so yourself, didn't you?
If it had been me, I would have had to climb 23 floors up the stairs,
push the director over the balcony and go down the stairs again.
So it would have been more than 10 minutes since my floor was empty
when I came in with you,
and the beer foam would have disappeared altogether.
"On the other hand, when you arrived,
the glass still had a good finger of foam left."
Otherwise, what?
You can't be insinuating that I did some kind of magic trick!
Abracadabra, goat's foot!
Apa, how strange!
The foam has reappeared!
What?!
But there was none left!
How is it possible?
I added some salt that I found in the kitchen.
If you add salt to beer, it foams?
Any granular substance that sinks into the beer,
such as sugar or sand.
"As soon as the granules mix with the beer,
"A space is created at the root of the surface where carbon dioxide accumulates
and the foam is formed."
Look, you see?
If we add a pinch of salt to the other glasses where no foam remains?
-Renoi!
-It's true!
But where do you get these things from, Conan?
Mr. Mouri told me this once.
You didn't expect it, did you?

I always used this trick when I was a poor student.
When I was studying and had no money,
from time to time I would add salt to my beer
so that no one would notice that he had no foam left.
Hm?
By the way.
You can see that this trick is also used
in the pictures of beer advertisements.
Because they look so much better with a couple of fingers of foam.
You're a professional photographer, I'm sure you knew that.
B-but I couldn't get the salt without anyone seeing me!
No, but earlier, when we entered your house...
you made it look like you tripped over the bag in the hallway.
Ah!
Those were the gifts she had been given at the funeral, weren't they?
I'm sure there was a small envelope... of purifying salt.
Sure, he used this salt!
Yes, it looks like it.
He's put the packet of tea back in the bag...
that fell out when he tripped,
"But he slyly picked up the little packet of purifying salt
and put it in his pocket."
"Then he opened it, took a pinch of salt....
"And added it to the glass of beer just before showing me that there was still a pinch of salt left.
to make me think there was still some foam left."
As it was a completely improvised solution,
even if he threw the sachet of salt in the wastebasket.
it is very likely that, if we mix the pocket,
we will still find salt granules.
Also, if you had to push someone off the balcony, they will have struggled a bit,
they will have struggled a bit.
We must also take into account that, after the crime,
he must have had to leave the apartment on his legs.
"For all that I am sure that on the new carpet
"which the victim had installed last night
"We will find traces
"that you have been in her house at some point
between last night and this morning."
T-this is impossible,
I don't believe the Ogino killed the director!
Nor do I!
The lawyer said we had a good chance of winning the trial.
Besides, you said so too, Ogino!
On the memory card containing those photos were the director's fingerprints!
were the director's fingerprints!
"It's proof that the director chose the photograph
that later appeared in the magazine!"
We had the trial won, why would I have had to do?
-What do you mean?
What do you mean?
-I had disappeared.
This morning, when I received the e-mail that the director sent us,
I had a bad feeling and I checked.
The memory card had disappeared
from the camera case where I keep it.
What a ?
I immediately found out who was responsible
and I went to ask for an explanation.
I was right.
(Katsumoto) What a pain!
Why don't you ask your assistant where the card is?
who folded it the other day?
Although, now that he's got money to spare,
he's probably gone on vacation abroad.
I don't think you can reach him by phone.
I knew it!
You paid him to steal my memory card!
It was he who told me he wanted to file a lawsuit against me.
But I will not stand idly by if he files suit.
I will use the photographs on the memory card
to publish a new exclusive:
"The ruthless photographer
who set up his former classmate".
-That actress?
-Classmate?
Yes.
We were in high school together.
That's how I knew.
I knew that boy was her stepbrother.
And I took those photos with his permission.
I took them in front of him so I could send them there as a souvenir.
"But my assistant misinterpreted them,
showed them to the editor, and the article came out."
And I couldn't bear the thought
that that photograph had been published in my name
and that it had been the reason for his suicide.
I could not allow him to live.
By the time I reacted, the director was already at the bottom of the building,
crushed like a cockroach.
Since it was not a premeditated murder,
I had to improvise the old foam trick.
But in the end it made me a suspect and served as evidence.
In fact, I became suspicious of you when I learned you were a photographer.
Really?
Yes, because when you arrived at the crime scene,
you were empty-handed and had only your cell phone with you.
This is the first thing that struck me about you.
It's normal, if you felt the commotion and went downstairs...

He is right.
A press photographer would not forget to bring the camera that allows him to work and earn a living to a crime scene.
the camera that allows him to work and make a living.
Secret love.
Secret love.
Kimi ni ZENZA kyoumi nai, uso you are my perfect guy.
Tokimeki wa kakusenai Honto wa ki ni Natte Shikanai.
Koi ni bukiyou Sokona style Kimi no mae da tono betsujin Mita.
Dare ni mo Iena himitsu no mama.
Soredemo I'M alright, koi no Yukue nante.
Mada it is not the last chance for me.
Ironna love story wo egaiteru Mune no naka.
Demo risou ni wa hodós tooi.
Watashitte Wagamama sore Kurai no koto wakatteru
dakedo nani ka ikenai no?
Kimi to no koi ni koi wo shiteru dake de tsutaetakutemo mada.
Himitsu ni shiteru hou ga Shiawase Dakara
ima wa watashi dake no secreto love.
I'm impressed, Takagi!
You're really good when you put your mind to it.
Oh, so much!
It's no big deal...
"I just followed the instructions in Shinichi's mail..."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha !!!!
It's about time!
It seems that finally...
(Heartbeat)
(Heartbeats: continue)
Ah...
(Beats: continue)
(heartbeats continue) Ah!
From here on, it's private territory.
You don't have to go in for anything.
We adults are black.
We're not like children.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
What's wrong with you two?
No nothing...
The door's open.
Yes, we're leaving.
We're leaving?
It's getting chilly.
(Yawns)
Candy, wait!
(Kingo Ebisawa.
Ginji Kaniyama.
Both have priors for robbery.
-What are you doing here?
- (wow)
What will happen to Candy?
(Kogoro voice) Inspector, if I remember correctly,
you said that the two criminals had access to the police radio.
Yes... if you go there you will find another control!
Where are they?
"Don't miss the next episode:
The van carrying a time bomb."

