-Hey, we're here!
-Hello, Conan!
- (Ayumi) Hello!
-Hey, doctor!
- (Mitsuhiko) It's the Gomera monster.
- (Genta) Gee, it's fantastic!
- (Ai) They're very well made.
- (Ayumi) How beautiful!
(Ayumi) You bet.
It looks like they've outdone themselves this year and everything.
- (all) Eh?
- (woman) Sure.
It's been a long time since I've seen you, Dr. Agasa.
Hello, Mika.
May I introduce Mika Itakura,
who has been kind enough to invite us to come.
She is the head of the organization of this festival.
Welcome to the Ice Festival.
Have you had a good time, so far, my pretties?
-Oh, come on.
- (all) Yes!
These friends of yours don't look very happy, that's why.
Yes, we are!
That's not true.
-And Conan is a bit conceited.
-L'Ai is the way he is..., isn't he?
It's just that these two lack the spontaneity
that all children have.
Oh, you guys.
(Shinichi: chuckles)
(Shinichi voice) "Of love and crimes there are always,
they are repeated every day."
"In the ice hotel, where even the beds are made of ice,
how do you explain the murder if the door was locked?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
(Conan voice) "The mysterious ice trap."
The Mika's father and I were friends for a good number of years.
My father was the former mayor of this town.
-He was a good person.
- (children) Eh ?!
-Thank you very much.
-I'm sorry for your loss, Mika.
Oh, so you mean your father...?
Yes, he was killed last year in an accident.
Apparently the brakes on the car he was driving failed.
(all) Oh!
- (all) Eh?
-(all) Hey!
What-what's that man doing?
Ah, Mr. Shiota...
Wow, that's nice!
That's great.
Mr. Shiota is an ice sculptor
who has won many awards in international competitions.
- (Genta) Great!
- (Ayumi) I love it!
(Ayumi) -It's amazing!
-(Ayumi) Great.
(Ayumi) Thank you.
It's fans like you that make me happy.
Practically all of the sculptures you see here
were made by Mr. Shiota.
I was able to become a sculptor thanks to the support I received from Mika's father.
from Mika's father.
This is a token of my appreciation.
-Besides, I didn't make them by myself.
-What do you say, now...?
All the people in the village have helped me.
It's true, there's quite a crowd.
The whole town has come.
Yes, they all like it very much, this festival.
-Eh?
-Yes, but this year will be the last one.
Mr. Yamaguchi...
What do you mean, this year will be the last?
It's the last year we'll see a festival as useless as this one.
What?
You've decided it without telling anyone, haven't you?
You don't need to raise your voice to the mayor either, eh?
The decision was taken in the municipal plenary.
(Mayor) And it was a good decision.
It makes no sense to continue organizing this festival.
It is an excessive burden on the finances of this town,
we are always in the red.
The only way we can get out of it
is that we build a Toht chain hotel here.
And thanks to the ice hotel you have made,
negotiations are on the right track.
Yes, that's true.
The people in charge of the Toht chain have shown great interest.
Va, they should be pleased.
It's all thanks to your sculptures.
Tomorrow I'll sign the contract with the Toht chain
and the economic problems of this town will be over.
The mayor we had before would never have made it, that.
It's quite true.

We were very lucky that he died.
-How dare you talk like that?
-How can you say that, this?!
-We're coming back?
What a pain in the ass!
-You killed him!
Even the police said it was an accident!
That day the father told me that he was coming to see you...
He wouldn't have had an accident like that, he wouldn't have.
I'm tired of saying that I didn't see him!
- (man) But what's wrong?
- (people) Aaah!
Ah, the main entrance!
(Mayor) It's over.
The festival is suspended.
Without the main entrance we can not have open.
I bet whatever you want that you've provoked him
to suspend the festival!
(Mayor) Enough!
I have no need, it has already been decided that it is the last year.
Come on, let's go.
I want it all cleaned up.
The festival is suspended.
-Mm?
-No..., the festival will go on.
Tomorrow everything will be fixed.
You have no objection, do you?
Mm!
By the way, Mika, you'll give me a hand, won't you?
-We'll help you too, we'll help you! -Yes!
-(man 1) Yes.
- (man 2) Come on, up!
(man 2) Come on!
- (man 1) Careful, careful!
Doctor Agasa, we'll finish what's left,
go and rest for a while.
-Don't suffer for it.
-You mean?
There's still work to do.
Besides, I'd like the children to stay overnight at the ice hotel.
-Where did you say?
-To the ice hotel?
- (Mika) Exactly.
-You said "hotel", right?
The ice hotel is a proposal Mr. Shiota made to increase the interest of the festival.
to increase the interest of the festival.
But in the end, it turned against me.
Against?
What does it mean?
It's true that the town has serious economic problems.
And the mayor talked to the hotel chain Toht
to attract more tourism.
But this town is not very attractive,
and the proposal of the municipality did not interest them in the least.
As a result, the ice hotel of the festival...
caught the mayor's attention,
he resumed talks with the hotel chain...
and they were very interested in the idea.
Ironically, the ice hotel that I made for the festival...
is what has definitely contributed to its liquidation.
Now it's clear to me... that I should never have built it.
Don't say that!
The inhabitants of the village are very proud of this ice hotel.
Just look at it.
Isn't it beautiful?
(Children) Oooh!
- (Ayumi) It's magnificent!
- (Mitsuhiko) It's fantastic!
- (Mika) You bet.
- (Genta) It's all ice?
(Genta) And won't we freeze, sleeping in a place made all of ice?
(Shiota) On the bed there are skins,
and if you sleep in the sleeping bag you won't get cold.
(Mayor) Not even such a simple calculation, you can do ?!
Let's see when you'll be able to do your job well.
You're a useless piece of shit!
Go on, get out of here!
-Tomorrow morning I want it all right!
-I'm so sorry.
I can't take it anymore!
Who thought it's ?!
The mayor will also stay overnight here?
Yes, he says that before he signs the contract with Tohti's people,
he wants to check if he sleeps well.
Look..., this is the hut where you will sleep.
- (Mitsuhiko) Wow!
- (Ayumi) Wow, it's fantastic!
It's so nice!
(Shinichi voice) This bed looks like a coffin.
(Shinichi: chuckles)
It'll be as if you were buried alive.
- (all) Thank you!
-Goodbye, have a good rest.
(snoring)
Oh, how cold!
(snoring)
(Ayumi) Do you think the entrance will be fixed by now?
I'm sure it is, because the whole town has helped.
I'm sure it's perfect.
(Ayumi) Mitsuhiko, what's the matter?
What's wrong with you?
(Genta) What's wrong, Mitsuhiko?
Are you hungry?
- (Ogi) Mayor!
-It's... it's just that... -Mayor, please...
Mayor, answer me, please!
It's... it's the mayor.
(Ogi) What happened?
(Shinichi, thinks) "He's dead!"
"A burn?"
"Oh! Strangulation marks."
"But this bed..., it's strange..."
(Ayumi) Conan!
(Conan voice) Call the police!
The mayor is dead!
(SOMICA)
Cause of death: strangulation.
The approximate time is around...
two o'clock in the morning.
There are no marks on the back of the neck,

and we assume that the killer has attacked the victim while she was sleeping
with some kind of very thin rope.
He has grabbed her tightly by the neck, above the sleeping bag.
What's strange to me is that the sleeping bag
has a burn at the level of the neck.
What do you mean by this?
That I killed her?
It's true that I suspected
that the mayor was responsible for my father's death,
but that doesn't mean...
I understand... that yesterday they had a rather heated argument,
because of the ice festival.
-Caramba...
-But this...
Can you tell me... what happened to your hand?
Tonight I got burned while I was working.
-Oh, and it burned.
-I touched a can with fire. -I touched it.
Coincidentally, the mayor's sleeping bag...
had a burn mark on it.
And what do you mean by that?!
He worked all night with us
to fix the main entrance.
You haven't had a moment to spare to come and kill the mayor.
All night long?
I've been there a couple of times to fetch tools,
but there are plenty of witnesses who can confirm that.
Okay, well... By the way, something...
What time did you go, looking for these tools you say?
-Around 12 o'clock and around 4.
-You remember?
But it didn't take me 10 minutes to come back.
Just a moment... Inspector, the door was locked.
So, how did the murderer get inside?
I'm sure there's a copy.
Mr. Ogi, the mayor's secretary, has one.
It's a custom-made key, there was only one other one,
apart from the original.
Why do you have a copy of the key, you?
It's just that... Mr. Yamaguchi asked me to wake him up early.
That's-that's why I have it.
So, once the mayor had locked the door,
the only thing that could get in and out was you.
-Yes, but listen...
-That's right, isn't it?
Where were you, tonight, at about two o'clock in the morning?
It was the mayor's office preparing some documents.
Is there anyone who can confirm that?
No, he was alone... But I didn't kill him, really!
You must believe me!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mr. Ogi is the only one who had a copy of the key."
"And he has no alibi."
"But I find it strange that he committed the crime
knowing that he would be the prime suspect."
"Huh? What's this hole?"
"Come to think of it, there's something weird about that bed."
No new clues?
(Conan voice) Yes, there's a very strange hole here.
-We also want to investigate... -Oh! Ouch!
-What?
You're going back to investigate by yourself?
It's dangerous, running on the ice!
O-yes, did you hurt yourself?
That's too bad!
Why is the ice always so slippery?
I don't understand.
It's not the ice that slips, it's the water.
Water?
Yes, ice has the property of melting...
when pressure is applied to it.
Think about it: the weight of your body puts pressure on your feet, right?
What do you mean?
That ice melts because of that?
That's right.
The water acts as if it were a lubricant and makes you slip.
But... there is no water here, Conan!
Because when the pressure disappears, it freezes again.
(Shinichi, think) "Wait a minute..., maybe this hole...."
-You don't make a good face.
-Mitsuhiko, what's wrong with you, man?
I saw him tonight.
The mayor's ghost.
What did you see?
-It was about 4 o'clock. -What?!
-What?
I was coming back from the toilet and...
Oh, it's cold!
What?
There was a fire floating in the mayor's hut!
-It can't be!
-What are you talking about?!
(Shinichi thinks) "Sure, I got it! Now I understand everything!"
But it wasn't me, really.
They must believe me.
- (Agasa) Don't post so much.
-You'll tell the police station.
I finally figured out exactly what happened.
Whatever it is,
the only one who was able to get into the hut was Mr. Ogi.
The murderer didn't need to enter.
(Agasa voice) The murder weapon strangled the mayor by itself.
-It can't be...
-What?
-Conan!
- (Genta) Hey!
Hello!
We've already found him!
-Well...
-What do you want to do with this?
Eh?
You will explain how it works, won't you?
Yes, exactly, I'll explain how it works.

The block of ice where the mayor was found dead,
the water bottles and the string are the murder weapons.
(All) Eh?
Watch closely how it works.
T-the string!
The string is cutting the ice!
(Agasa) When pressure is applied, the ice melts.
That's right, the string is eating the ice!
But surely this explains the death of the mayor?
(Agasa) Where the ice melts, there would be a mark.
(Agasa) Not necessarily.
Look closely at the part that has melted.
- (Shiota) Oysters!
-It's true, it's frozen again!
(Shiota) - Eh?
-It is said "regelació".
From it, when the pressure is removed,
the melting ice immediately re-freezes.
(Agasa voice) The murderer waited until the mayor has fallen asleep;
the trap was set outside the hut.
With this simple trick the assassin could have killed the mayor
from anywhere.
In this case, the most suspicious person would be...
Wait a minute!
She hasn't had time to get rid of the murder weapon.
Really?
She needed a lot of time to do it?
I don't understand what you mean.
Mika is a woman.
To carry a weight heavy enough to kill one person
she would need a lot of time.
What if she didn't have to carry anything?
(Genta) Conan!
Is it this one?
Yes!
Here we have the weight that has used the murderer.
This is... this is glass!
It's almost impossible to distinguish it from a block of ice,
and it can be left at the crime scene.
The only thing to do next is to remove the string.
-Of course, because it's frozen.
-You can't remove it, I don't understand.
So this trap doesn't work.
That's why the killer used a lighter.
Yes, of course... All he had to do was burn the string.
That's why the mayor's sleeping bag had a burn on it.
But... you mean you can burn, a string, inside a block of ice?
Of course, you bet.
Yes, thank you!
Nano, this one suits you?
The killer used this magnesium tape.
That's right.
So, even if it's inside the ice, it burns very quickly.
-Now I get it!
- (all) Oooh!
This is the goblin fire I've seen!
And this explains why the sleeping bag was burned.
We got it.
Because when you burn magnesium you produce a chemical compound
which is called "magnesium oxide".
If you want to check it out, it should be remains inside the hut.
-Next.
-Look at this.
That way it wouldn't take long to sort it all out.
But I... it wasn't me.
You're right, Mika, you're not to blame.
But then...
For the trap to have the desired effect
it was necessary to know in which position the mayor would sleep,
because from the outside it's impossible to see the position of the bed.
Okay, but then...
The only person who had any way of knowing
is the man who designed the hotel.
You, Mr. Shiota.
You and no one else.
-Hey, wait a minute!
-I-It can't be.
Even though he designed the hotel,
I had no way of knowing where the mayor would sleep.
The measurements of the bed in the vip hut
exactly matched those of the mayor's body.
I was surprised that in such a large and luxurious cabin there was such a small bed.
there was such a small bed.
That bed was designed
to accommodate the mayor's short, stocky body.
But listen, do you have any proof of that?
Of course, and right here.
The white powder on Mr. Shiota's sleeve,
that got caught on it when he burned the murder weapon,
is probably magnesium oxide.
-Don't insist, Mika.
-Mr. Shiota, say something!
-It can't be...
-I thought the plan would work.
Mr. Shiota, why did the mayor die?
Because I sensed a conversation... between the mayor and him!
The other day, when I came to the town hall to do some business...
(Mayor) You have to get the contract, at any cost.
(Ogi) Understood.
(Mayor) We can't falsify the city hall accounts anymore.
The Itakura has already found out and anyone else could find out.
Don't suffer.
If someone sticks his nose in too far, I'll tamper with his brakes.
How can that be?
They had been stealing money to finance the festival for a long time.
And when Mr. Itakura found out about it, the two of them...
What?
I-It's not true!

For your sake, I advise you to tell us the whole truth.
We can check it very easily.
Because of... because of these two, my father...!
I can't believe that the hotel that cost him so much to build
ended up turning into a death trap.
He did it to provide you with a very solid alibi.
-For me?
He did it all for you, Mika.
Exactly, if someone killed the mayor...
it was only natural that the prime suspect would be you.
Because you're not being wrongly accused, he's created an alibi for you.
Mr. Shiota...
(Agasa voice) He was probably also the one who made the main entrance fall to the ground.
the main entrance fall to the ground.
He just wanted to protect you.
If anyone Mr. Itakura loved madly, it's you.
He had to protect, Mika.
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
(Agasa) So in the end the festival was cancelled.
It was inevitable, after everything that has happened...
But I will do... whatever it takes to organize it again.
For the good of this town.
And when you organize it again,
we'll also come to make sculptures.
Sure, I've already made one.
You know how to make ice sculptures?
Mm?
What's this?
Ah, what Genta likes best in the world, right?
Don't tell me...
I'll say.
(Genta) A lunchbox of eel with rice.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha! And there are eels in here?"
Oh!
-What?
-Takagi, shall we make a deal?
If I or a simple civilian had found the money....
(Takagi) Toshiyuki, are you sure it's him, who has lost the money?
Eh?!
He says there was nothing?
This painting is the same...
Things are not that easy.
If now appeared his murderer...
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:"
"Inspector Takagi finds 30 million yen '."

