So, that girl who asked you to investigate...
if her boyfriend was cheating on her is...?
Yeah, yeah, Ran, she's dead.
She fell down some stone stairs.
(Man) Hikari!
What a mug!
Why did you come here?!
-Don't act crazy!
Why did you say that to me?!
You just wanted to have fun with her,
but when Kaoru told you to get married,
you became a nuisance and pushed her down the stairs!
Ah... That's nonsense.
I saw it!
You were at the top of the stone stairs where Kaoru fell from!
Will you please do me a favor?!
The police investigated the case thoroughly and cleared up the misunderstandings!
Look, maybe they fooled the police, but they didn't fool me!
Enough of this!
Will you please behave yourselves?
Don't talk like that in front of Kaoru, please.
I beg you to let her rest in peace.
She's right.
Have a little respect.
I remind everyone that this is a funeral.
Look, as much as you all hate me,
I had nothing to do with Kaoru's death.
-Wait, Hikari! -Wait!
-If you'll excuse me...
This happened 3 months ago.
And so, this morning, Hikari Tsuge called you and told you...
that he would explain to you who murdered Kaoru Sasamori?
Yes.
"Of love and crimes there are always: they are repeated every day."
"What does the artist really intend to do..,
with such an outlandish work of art?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way.
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
"The customer's message."
-Yes.
What happened?
There's been a landslide up ahead.
I'm sorry, but the road is closed.
That's bad luck...
In fact, we're going to that house up there.
Ah.
You're going that way too?
Follow this road, then, and you'll be right there.
(Kogoro) Thank you very much.
(Kogoro) Wow!
I can hardly see the road.
Be careful, then.
And try not to run too much.
You mean someone else must be coming?
Yes.
He told me that he had also summoned here
the 3 people who confronted him on the day of the funeral.
I was afraid of that.
They have arrived before us.
(Car: approaching)
Mr. Mouri, you have also summoned it, in Hikari?
Yes.
God-oh-god how it's raining!
Maybe we came in, right?
Does anyone know whose car this is?
Yes, it's Hikari's.
She hasn't left the workshop for 3 months
trying to finish his latest work.
How strange!
And I see the door is open.
Hikari!
It's me, Mariko!
Thank you.
I'll come with you.
I forgot my umbrella.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
You'd better go inside and dry off a bit.
(Woman: shrieks)
It's... it's in Hikari!
It's already too late.
Ran, go call the police.
(Woman: Okay.
I'll stay here and keep watch.
Leave the crime scene, please.
-What?
-Ah..., please...
Whatever happens, please don't touch Hikari's artwork.
(Kogoro) You're saying artwork?
But it's just four ferregots malgirbats.
Does it have any meaning, this thing?
How can you be so rude!
Don't laugh, at the work of Mr. Tsuge!
(Kogoro) Very well, very well, very well.
Don't worry, I'll report it to the police.
And now, if you don't mind, please leave the room.
(Mariko) I really mean it, this artwork thing.
I trust you.
(Kogoro) Yes, woman, yes.
Do not suffer.
(Thinks) "What is this?"
"There's no dust on top of this masking tape."

"This means that, not long ago, there was something on top of it."
"A screen."
"Demurrer."
"If I remember correctly, this means 'objection', or something like that."
Hey you!
Don't you know you can't come in, here, by yourself?!
Sorry, excuse me.
"What must have been on the tape?"
"And who must have taken it?"
"Inside the house there is no object that could have been on it."
"This means that the culprit took it outside."
(Takagi) The victim is Hikari Tsuge.
Her real name is Ritsu Hikage.
33 years old.
He is a well known sculptor.
By the way, I just realized...
that Hikari Tsuge is an anagram of Ritsu Hikage, his real name.
An anagram means that the two names have the same letters,
but arranged in a different order, right?
Exactly.
Cause of death:
head trauma caused by a blow to the occipital.
The murder weapon was found next to the body,
but all the prints had been wiped clean.
Understood.
So, if I understand correctly,
the victim told all of you
that he would explain to you that he had committed the murder
that took place three months ago,
and invited you to come here, is that correct?
(Kogoro) Yes, inspector,
but when we arrived we found her dead.
and the murderer had fled.
The last thing you said is not so clear.
According to the police officer on the road,
no car from this house has passed through there.
And it is the only way out.
This means that the killer must still be running this way.
Yes, that's right.
That's the most likely scenario.
The officer told me that there have only been 4 cars
that haven't turned around, all night long,
and that they have gone up here.
Only 4 cars?
My, your, Mr. Sasamori's and Mr. Mouri's.
That means the killer must be here.
"You're right."
"There's only one road going up here."
"And below it all there's a police checkpoint."
"In this rain and at night,
it's impossible to run away walking with the slope there."
"It's what you might call a closed circle."
Mm?
No!
It can't be!
It can't be here, because we have been the first to arrive....
and everyone else has arrived after us.
That's right.
I was the first.
Yes, I arrived after him,
and the last one was Mrs. Noguchi.
And soon we all entered the workshop
and we found Mr. Hikari on the floor, dead.
Yes, but...
Very well, perfect.
When we told the agent that we were coming here, he said:
"You guys are coming over there too?"
So, by logic, if he asked us this question,
it means that before us there was another car that passed by.
that was also coming up here, right?
If we ask the officer what car it was or what the driver looked like,
maybe we'll know who the killer is.
(Takagi) The problem is that the officer says
that he remembers that 4 cars have passed,
but he doesn't remember the models or the faces of the drivers.
How do they want him to have seen anything, with the Patac of water that is falling?
"Gee, you! What a one!"
All right, let's put a little order to everything we have been told so far.
"Here, at Mr. Tsuge's house, there was already a car,
the car of Mr. Tsuge, the victim."
"First Mr. Mouri and company arrived,
"Then the other 3 cars have already arrived,
making a total of 4 cars."
"But according to the officer at the police checkpoint,
"Before Mr. Mouri's car,
passed another one that was also going up here."
"And that means... that the murderer's car arrived first,
"And that after Mr. Tsuge's murder,
"He left the workshop, hid somewhere,
"He waited for everyone to arrive...
and joined the meeting as if nothing had happened."
What could it be, the motive for the murder?
(Kogoro) To prevent him from talking, naturally.
Knowing that Mr. Tsuge would confess
who killed Kaoru Sasamori 3 months ago,
the murderer has arrived at the workshop before everyone else...

with the intention of mowing down the life and shutting him up.
In other words, the person who died in Hikari...
is the same person who killed Kaoru Sasamori.
And it is obvious that this person is....
one of the 3 of you, I have no doubt about it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'm a genius!
"This could have been known by anyone,
considering the circumstances."
"The problem is to find out which of the 3 of you is the murderer."
Now, wait a minute, let's say you're right...
and that it's true that the murderer is one of the 3 of us.
Do you think that Hikari would have knowingly called him to make him come here?
I don't rule it out.
Maybe he felt like playing detective.
He was quite childish, and he liked to do these things.
Yes, that's true.
He probably called all of us so he could do a little number and say:
"The murderer is one of you."
-Very good.
-I wouldn't be the least bit surprised.
Well, I can prove it wasn't me.
That day I had arranged to meet my sister
to have dinner together at a restaurant,
but I left the photo shoot late
and went to the place where I knew she was waiting for me.
Aaaaaaaah!
(Takashi) Kaoru!
Are you okay, Kaoru?!
I'm... PENTA from behind.
What are you saying?
That you've been pushed?
"And then I looked up and I saw Hikari
at the top of the stone stairs."
That's why I thought it was him,
who had killed my sister.
But it wasn't him.
Mr. Tsuge only witnessed the murder.
And that's why it's impossible that it's me, the murderer.
But, actually, you don't have any witnesses, that's what you say.
What do you mean by that?!
That what I'm saying is a lie?!
Kaoru was my sister!
Yes, but you didn't understand her very well.
In fact, Kaoru had explained to me...
that she didn't talk to her older brother
because of their parents' inheritance.
-(Kazumi) She told you that too?
(Kazumi) Tell the truth, that day she made you very angry with her...
and pushed her down the stairs, right?
-Maybe don't talk so much, Kazumi.
-How dare you!
Now, here, you act like you're Kaoru's best friend,
but I know you had a good reason to want to kill too, didn't you?
(Takashi) What do you mean?
(Mariko) In Hikari was seeing another woman.
(Takashi) What?
The Kaoru had hired Mr. Mouri
to investigate who it was.
(Takashi) -Yes, it's true.
-Is it true or not, Mr. Mouri?
And... do you know who it was?
Were you able to find out?
Yes, it was Kazumi Ishikura.
The truth is that I didn't know either
that Hikari was dating Kaoru.
What?
"You know what! In Hikari Tsuge has asked me to marry him! What do I do?"
-Hikari.
What is the meaning of this?
-It's another...
I'm sorry.
I have a lot of work right now.
We'll talk later.
-It's not what you think.
-How long have you been going out with Kaoru?! -How long have you been going out with Kaoru?!
- (brittle)
- (Kazumi) How could you do this to me?!
I demand that you leave her right now!
But you're not spared either.
I also had a motive to kill her.
Kaoru had told me what she did.
-What is this envelope?
-Here, Kaoru, take this.
There's a million yen in here.
It's because I want you to let Hikari stay in Hikari.
Why?!
Because ever since she started dating you,
he's stopped working at Hikari.
-I'm leaving!
-Accept'ls and cut him off.
I felt that his clients
were already starting to look for other artists
because at Hikari he had practically stopped working.
You would have had to pay a million-dollar fine for breach of contract.
for breach of contract.
And that's why you suspect that I could have killed Kaoru?
It's true that since Kaoru died,
Hikari was kind of obsessed and spent all day working.
But I had nothing to do with it.
What? What do you want, Conan?
What do you want, Conan?
Hey, listen, Takagi.
At Kogoro he asked me to tell you something...
He said he wanted you to see
if between the police checkpoint and the house
there was some place where a car could be hidden.
(Takagi) Around here, maybe?
No!
Conan!
(Takagi) Wait!
I'm going to look.
"If she's hidden here,
the cars coming up the road couldn't have seen her."
"That means..."
"Of course!"

"This is what the killer took from the crime scene!"
"This means it was... who I thought it was."
Very well, then.
As it is,
I'd like to ask the three of you a few more questions.
Therefore, I will ask you to join me at the police station.
Ah!
Aaaah...
Here we are!
It's Sleeping Kogoro!
What's wrong with you?!
Inspector Megure, it won't be necessary to go to the police station.
What?!
I'll solve the case here and now.
(Kogoro voice) When we entered the workshop of Mr. Hikari Tsuge
and found his dead body,
I immediately realized that someone had taken something.
What do you mean?
Given the circumstances,
I understand that the murderer took it after the crime was committed.
-Yes, sir.
-Takagi, please go get it.
How is it that it took Mr. Tsuge 3 months
to decide to reveal who Kaoru's murderer was?
Can anyone tell me?
He could have done it on the day of the funeral,
when he had that discussion with Mr. Sasamori, don't you think?
Yes, it's true.
Surely Mr. Tsuge wanted to point the finger at the guilty party
in his own way, with his peculiar style.
And he needed three months to do it.
-That's right.
-That's how long it took him to... -That's how long it took him to...
To make this work of art that you have on display here in front of you.
The title of the work is "Demurrer", which means "objection".
-Thank you.
-Here it is, Mr. Mouri.
Can you put it on top of those adhesive tapes on the floor?
Sure, sure.
All right, remember...
that Hikari Tsuge's name is an anagram of his real name:
Ritsu Hikage.
Hikari Tsuge and Ritsu Hikage, literally: light and shadow.
I have also been looking for different anagrams of the word "demurrer",
which is the title of the artwork.
And I precisely came up with the word:
"Murderer", which means "murderer", and this is the hidden title of the work.
The hidden title of the work?
"Murderer?
"Murderer?
I already have it in place.
Ran, lower the screen above the door...
and turn off the light, please.
Okay.
-Yes, sir. -Yes, sir.
-Takagi, anytime.
Mm?
This is what has to tell us who the killer is?
Takagi, slowly rotate the base of the artwork, please.
Yes.
I'll do it right away.
Oh!
If-if it's...
The art of shadows.
At first glance it looks like an incomprehensible work of art,
but if you project a light from a particular angle,
an image appears that has nothing abstract about it.
Mr. Tsuge, through his art,
was trying to point out the culprit.
Ran, turn the light back on.
Miss Kazumi Ishikura,
you are the murderer of Kaoru Sasamori and Hikari Tsuge, aren't you?
But Kogoro,
You mean to say that a silhouette of a dancing girl
is enough to accuse a person of two murders?
It is true that the silhouette, by itself, cannot be used as evidence,
but the culprit, for fear that we would see the image of the dancer,
took the spotlight away from the crime scene.
And this action does serve as conclusive evidence for us
for accusing her of murder.
"Remember that to get to the place where the spotlight was,
"I would have had to step over the lifeless body of Mr. Tsuge,
"But on the other side was a pool of blood,
and he couldn't step in it because he would have left footprints everywhere."
"Therefore, the murderer has had to do the same thing...
"What has he done in Conan when we found the body:
"Crawl underneath the workbench
so he could get to where the spotlight was so he could take it away."
No offense, but neither Mr. Sasamori nor Mrs. Noguchi,
with the body that they have, get under the table.
The only one who was able to pass was the dancer,
Miss Kazumi Ishikura.
And one last detail,
when she got out of the car in the parking lot,
"...you didn't have an umbrella and you got soaked."
"But from what you told me in Conan, the car seat was also soaked."
"And that means that, before you got out of the car..."
you were already springing up and down.
The only explanation is that I had just come from hiding the spotlight
and, as it was raining so hard, you couldn't avoid getting wet.
Hikari and I were getting married,

Or, at least, I thought we were getting married.
And when I found out that I had also invited all of you,
I thought I wanted to make it public.
That's why I decided to come early,
because I was so excited.
But then Hikari showed me that shadow and...
she told me that she accused me of Kaoru's murder.
(Kazumi) "What are you saying?!"
"That you didn't announce our wedding today?!"
Hikari, you told me that if Kaoru disappeared, you would marry me!
I told you this the day I found out
that Kaoru had hired a detective to follow me.
I got so angry I didn't even know what I was saying.
You must be a real chard if you believed it.
I didn't know you take it so personally.
Besides, she was your best friend!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
(Takashi) Kaoru!
Are you okay, Kaoru?!
Now I just don't want to see you ever again.
In fact, my advice to you is to confess everything.
I've asked Detective Kogoro to come over here
so that you can explain to him what happened.
I'm sure he will also advise you to turn yourself in to the police.
And if you need a good lawyer, I can reach you....
But...
I don't quite understand why you haven't destroyed the artwork.
You should have saved yourself from having to hide the spotlight.
First you thought about destroying it, but you couldn't.
No.
I was unable to do it.
When I saw it, I felt so happy!
Even if he only did it
to accuse me of Kaoru's murder,
knowing that he's been thinking only about me for 3 months,
it touched my heart so much and made me feel so happy,
I couldn't do it.
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Father!
You mean you're not drinking too much beer?
Also, why do you have all the lights off?
Ha-ha!
Now you'll see.
I know, too, about making art with shadows.
Look closely, look.
Oh! (Laughs)
Wow!
It's fantastic!
The profile of the mother!
It does look like her...
I didn't know you had that talent!
You had it very hidden!
See, you can count.
Ahem...
From now on you can call me Kogoro the Artist!
(laughing outrageously)
"Artist?! Not even a drunkard believes this!"
Hey, kid...!
Hm?
(Man) Don't worry.
This wasn't a murder.
"A character written in blood?"
"Could it be from that research the father left half done?"
The ambulance won't be able to do anything.
According to my calculations, this man has been dead for about nine hours.
-It was not a natural death.
-How?
This man is dead at the hands of a murderer.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The open case of Yusaku Kudo, (part one)."

