- (man 2) There is a dead man.
- (man 1) What happened?
- (home 3) A child found it.
-The police are investigating.
(Home 1) Here, in the park?
In broad daylight?
What do you mean?!
What do you mean I quit?
You don't want to keep investigating this case?
Yes, that's what I mean.
We don't need any novelists to investigate.
This is a matter for the police and no one else, Deputy Inspector Megure.
The thing is that the press has made a big deal out of this crime,
especially because of the word "death" written in blood.
It could be the first crime of a serial killer.
Mm?
Don't worry about it.
- (both) Huh?
-That wasn't a murder.
But... and-and this symbol?
(both) Huh?
Listen to me.
I can assure you...
(Shinichi voice) "Of love and crimes there are always,
they're repeated every day."
"Father left an investigation open."
"Will we find the truth of this old case?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
(Conan voice) "The open case of Yusaku Kudo (Part One)"
(Masumi) Seriously, I didn't know that Shinichi's father...
was the famous crime writer Yusaku Kudo.
Yes.
Now he lives outside the country, but he continues to write from abroad.
I used to love the Night Baron novels when I was a child.
Now you begin to understand why his son
is so obsessed with mysteries, don't you?
But it's quite a guarantee
that your future father-in-law is a famous writer.
"Fu-future father-in-law?!
That way you won't be short of anything.
By the way, is it true what you were saying a while ago?
That there is only one case
that Yusaku Kudo has left open, unsolved.
Yes.
When Shinichi's father was still living in Japan,
he helped the police investigate some cases.
Shinichi was very angry
because his father left that investigation half done.
And do you remember which case it was?
Well... it seems to me that there was a word written in blood
next to the corpse.
Oh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Are you all right?
-Takaichi!
-Wake up, Takaichi!
What happened?
Tell me something!
It turns out that we were looking for her because she didn't show up at work
and we found her passed out here.
And she has blood coming out of her mouth.
We've called the ambulance just in case...
- (both) What?
-The ambulance will not be able to do anything.
According to my calculations, this man has been dead for about 9 hours.
(All) How?!
Besides, he must have been an alcoholic, right?
Yes, yes... The doctor told him that he had to stop drinking, but...
And how do you know that?
He has jaundice, see the whites of his eyes.
And, although he's thin, he has a swollen belly.
It's called "ascites", and it shows that he had a diseased liver.
Also, in the drawer of the vending machine...
is an unopened can of beer.
Given the circumstances,
it's very likely that he bought it himself just before he died.
A person with liver disease
knows not to drink alcohol so as not to get worse.
If he succumbed to the urge to drink in spite of everything,
can only be explained by his addiction to alcohol.
Brilliant!
Alcoholics may vomit blood
when their esophageal varices burst due to cirrhosis,
and when he started to feel unwell,
he was alone and couldn't call for help.
This is the logical conclusion, but... it was not a natural death.
This man died at the hands of a murderer.

-What?
-What?!
That's what's right in front of the corpse, look at that.
The word "death" written in blood.
Wait... wait a minute...
This symbol is identical
to what appeared at the crime scene 10 years ago!
So, you...?
You're referring to the case that Shinichi's father
left unsolved?
Yes.
Shinichi showed me a photo of the crime scene.
I'm sure of it!
- (children: fuss)
- (watch: ring)
- (cell phone: message alert)
- (chirps)
(Shinichi, thinks) "An e-mail to Shinichi's cell phone?"
"Oh! It's from Ran."
" 'Today, while on my way to school,
I saw a crime scene by chance.
In front of the body was a symbol written in blood,
identical to the one you showed me from that crime 10 years ago.
Masumi and Sonoko want to see the photograph,
so after school we'll pick it up at your house.
Is that okay with you?
I know more or less where it might be..."
(Shinichi, think) "A character written in blood?"
"Could it be from that research that the father left half-finished?"
"Wait a minute! 'We'll pick it up for your house'."
Masumi and Sonoko will also come home?
-Mm?
That's right, she's not here.
-Where did she go in Conan?
How can you have so many bars?
He said he had an unforeseen event and had to leave.
He says he'll make up for it later.
This is what he said?
Will he invite us for eel rice?
-Ha-ha!
-He said "make up for it", not "invite"...
(Mobile: message alert)
Ah!
This is Shinichi's reply.
"I'm a little uneasy that there are so many people hanging around the house.
I'll tell Conan where the photo is
and tell him to go look for it.
Go to the agency and wait there,
He'll bring it back in a little while.
And why can't he tell me where the photo is?
Because next to the photo he must have certain magazines
that he doesn't want you to see.
Anyway, here we are.
What?
This is, isn't it, Shinichi Kudo's house?
Yes...
Uh-oh...
While we're at it, why don't we go inside?
I really want to meet Subaru,
the guy they say lives here too.
May we come in?
He must have already arrived.
It's Conan's shoes!
That nano runs like lightning.
Now that we're talking about in Subaru,
there's something that's been puzzling me for a long time.
Haven't you ever noticed it?
Oh, have I?
What do you mean?
He always wears something that covers his neck.
Yes.
Ah.
Does he really?
I'm sure he has a tattoo that he's too embarrassed to show,
that's why he always keeps it hidden.
Yeah... Well, now that you mention it...
When he's distracted, I'll lie down...
and I'll pull his top off in one go.
What do you think?
What I think is that you just want to see Subaru naked,
don't you, Sonoko?
Ha-ha!
That too, yes.
-Huh?
- (rumor)
Conan?
We got you!
-Ah...
-Mm?
Ah..., Subaru!
It's just that we were looking at Conan and...
Ah, you mean it's in the library?
Mm-hm.
Well, let's go look for it.
Oh...
Sonoko!
(Sonoko: thinks) "So, he doesn't have any tattoo on his neck..."
Y-yes.
I'll be right back.
Masumi, what are you selling?
Mm?
Hey, Conan!
I want help looking?
No need, thanks, I'm about to find it.
Make yourself some tea and wait for me in the kitchen,
I'll come as soon as I have it.
Are you sure?
Well, we'll wait for you!
Yes.
Apa, see you now, Conan!
Shall we go?
Mm-hm.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ouch... It's unbelievable!"
"And yet I sent him an email asking him not to come..."
(Sonoko) It seems to me that Shinichi is hiding something.
The magazines...!
Come on, let's go!
What do you want me to hide?
No way, woman!
Isn't it strange that he lets you come in for cleaning once a month
but, on the other hand, I didn't let you look for this photo?
Yes, but...
This thing he's hiding must be more like a woman.
A woman?!
What?!
Look at this.
It's a rubber band.
- (both) Eh?!
-I found it on this shelf.
Typical object a woman would leave in a place like this.

Sure, but I'm sure it's Shinichi's mother's, right?
That's right, she wore her hair up.
But in this pile of dirty dishes there's a cup with lipstick on it
that looks like it's been wiped off with a thumb.
(Both) What?!
And the hole in the sink I found a long hair.
-It looks like a wig, though.
- (both) Like what?!
What do you mean, Shinichi is sneaking around with another woman?!
What?!
If that's what you suspect,
why don't you take a couple of pictures and keep them in your diary.
If you write down where and when you found the evidence
and how you felt at the time you found it,
it can be of service to you at the time of trial.
Wh-what trial?
Use a single-use camera, which does not allow you to retouch the photos.
Write in the diary with a ballpoint pen, which cannot be erased,
and also comments on the news or the weather of each day
to make it sound more credible.
(Think) "The news and the weather..."
And do you think that this way we will be able to leave with a nose like this
that sound of deductions?
No-girls, wait a minute.
Kudo hasn't lived in this house for a long time, has he?
Isn't it more logical to think that it was in Subaru,
who invited a woman to dinner last night?
Yes, yes, of course.
I've already found the photo.
What were you talking about?
It's not important, it's better if you don't know.
Mm?
It was an adult conversation.
It's true, they are identical!
It's the "dead" symbol.
What does it mean?
That the killer who was released 10 years ago is back?
-Yes.
-It could be a serial killer!
There's no photograph on the internet of the symbol written in blood
that appeared 10 years ago.
Therefore, it almost certainly can't have been a copycat.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's true, they are identical."
"Ten years ago, the father said that..."
Eh?
Listen to me carefully.
Eh?
I can assure you...
...that the person who wrote the word "death" in blood...
...will never act again.
Eh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "What does this mean?"
"Didn't you say it was gone forever..., father?"
(Matsumi) What?
Really?
Is this, what you said in Yusaku Kudo?
Yes.
He said that the person who had written the word "death"
next to the corpse wouldn't come back.
Shinichi explained it to me,
who remembers that his father said it 10 years ago.
Yes, it's the same one Shinichi told me then,
when he showed me this photo.
Also, the man had blood on his palms and fingers,
but his fingertips were clean,
so he couldn't have written it himself.
Shinichi did not understand
why the case had not been investigated as a murder.
Mm...
Even if it wasn't a crime,
it is undeniable that next to the corpse
someone was there before the blood dried.
Also, the word written in blood...
that we saw at this morning's crime scene
was identical to this one.
(Both) Mm-hm.
But the case from 10 years ago was closed
as if it was an accident, right?
An accident?
(Both) Yes, that's right.
In the envelope where I found the photo is a detailed report on the case.
Let's see...
The victim's name was Takefumi Koriyama and he was a kindergarten director.
He died from shock due to injuries he had sustained to his heart.
Shards of glass from a broken fish tank were stuck in his chest
and his heart was drilled out.
The fish had to be temporarily moved from the school to a fish tank to clean the aquarium.
to a fish tank to clean the aquarium,
but he neglected the fish tank at home
and had to go looking for it.
On his way back to school, he took a shortcut through the school,
he took a shortcut through the middle of the park.
(Broken)
Unfortunately, he tripped over a stone,
fell while carrying the fishbowl by his neck and died.
The person who found the body was
a student at the kindergarten.
Ryosuke Nishimura, age 5,
the only son of the priest of a rim temple.
When school employees became concerned that the
became concerned that the principal was not arriving, the boy said he had seen her fall,
the boy said he had seen her fall down the road.
They go running to the park and find him dead.
At first the boy was quiet and embarrassed,

but then he ate some candy that he was carrying
and finally told everything he knew.
He said that he and some of his companions were secretly taking care of a little dog in the park.
that was in the park,
and that he had gone to see her before going to school.
He found the principal on the ground and, as it did not answer him, he imagined it was dead,
she imagined it was dead
and brought him some flowers that she had picked in the park.
It's true, in the photo there are some flowers...
a little above the symbol.
But they are all scattered, they do not look like an offering.
They must have been scattered by the person who wrote the symbol.
But if we assume that the director was assassinated,
the culprit should have given him a push
while he was walking with the fishbowl,
and he should have written the character with the blood of his victim.
And the boy stated that, when he left him the flowers,
there was no symbol written on the ground.
No?
Therefore, right after having killed the director,
the murderer must have stayed hidden so that the child wouldn't see him.
He waited for the child to leave and, then,
he went back to the corpse
and wrote that word in blood.
And... and it couldn't have been the child,
who wrote the word?
-When he brought her the flowers!
- (both) What?!
He was the son of a priest, he must have been very superstitious.
But if he was a child of 5 years!
I don't think he knew the symbol for "dead".
Yeah...
(He thinks) "Well, this turnip-soplo, who must be the same age!
seems to know it..."
Ran, could you tell me what the man who was seen dead this morning looked like?
What?
Eh?
If we find any resemblance to the case 10 years ago,
maybe it will serve as a clue to catch the culprit.
Any similarities, you mean?
Except for the symbol written in blood...
Next to the corpse, instead of flowers, there was a cigarette.
Wow!
So what was in the picture was a cigarette!
Mm-hm.
It was stained with blood.
In today's case, the approximate time of death...
is placed at around 11:00 p.m.
The body was leaning against the vending machine,
and the drawer of the machine had a can of beer in it for starters.
Something must have happened to her right after she bought the beer,
she died and no one found her until this morning.
The alcohol vending machines only run until 11 o'clock.
But the word "death" that was next to the corpse,
that was also written in blood, wasn't it?
What?
That it had also been stuck with something sharp?
No, the blood was coming out of his mouth.
He was an alcoholic, that's why at first I thought...
that he'd burst an esophageal variceal varicose vein
and he had hemorrhaged.
But then I discovered that symbol written in blood
on the other side of the body.
So the cases have two points in common:
the symbol written in blood next to the corpses
and that, at first glance, they don't look like murders, but simple accidents.
Ah.
Ah... yes.
Also, according to this newspaper clipping in the envelope,
the day-care workers who went to the park on a regular basis
did not find the symbol written in blood
until they tried to move the body.
This photo was to be taken once the body had already been moved a bit.
Therefore, it could be that the symbol was already written?
when the boy found the body,
but he didn't see it because it was hidden under the body.
Oh, forgive me!
I have intruded without permission.
In Subaru is a big fan of Holmes and likes deductions very much.
Ah!
Now that you mention it,
the co-worker of the man we found dead this morning
was shaking the body.
Yes, maybe that corpse had also moved a little.
Why don't we ask the police?
Ran, didn't you tell me that when you called the police...
Inspector Takagi came?
Maybe he can tell us more.
(Takagi) Ah, the dead body this morning?
It belongs to a certain Isao Takaichi, he lived near the place where he was found dead.
I really don't know where the body was taken.
We have determined that it was a robbery.

and we have referred the case to another department.
A robbery?
Are you sure it wasn't a murder?
Are you kidding us, or what?
Where did you get that from, the robbery?!
Ah, that..., who are you?
"We've met before at the scene of the crime."
Ah, yes!
The teenage detective, right?
You've seen it too, haven't you, the "dead" symbol?
"In fact, I've thought so too, that it could be a macabre murder."
But Inspector Megure,
who arrived when you had already left,
saw the symbol written in blood and said it was a robbery.
"In fact, the victim didn't have his wallet on him."
But he had bought a beer!
If he lived nearby,
he was only supposed to have just enough money for the machine.
Y-yes, I thought so too....
By the way, you were right about the cause of death.
He had a burst esophageal varicose vein due to cirrhosis.
I-I'm coming!
Hey, Takagi!
Shall we go to the interrogation?
- (mobile: tuuut)
- "You heard him, I have to hang up."
L-listen!
We hadn't finished yet!
Hey, hey, hey!
What a rage.
(Shinichi, thinks) "A robbery instead of a murder?"
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
This is very rare.
Inspector Megure was also there 10 years ago,
it would have been normal for him to have considered it a serial murder.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The Ran is right."
"Inspector Megure also saw
that symbol written in blood 10 years ago."
"Then why...?"
"And what did the father say to the boy who had found the body?"
"They were both smiling."
"I don't understand."
"How come the father was so sure it wasn't murder?"
"Why?"
If we have to ask anyone for help, it should be Shinichi Kudo.
He-he told me in Subaru... that you're like a ninja.
No way!
Like in SAIZ Kirigakuru.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sanada!"
He says he's found out the truth,
and that we have to go back to where the corpse was.
The only way to check if his deduction is correct,
is the crime scene.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"The open case of 'In Yusaku Kudo (Part Two)'."

