(Conan voice) "Employees of a company called New Image,
"which is dedicated exclusively
"to the importation of American cars,
"have been receiving constant assaults for some time now,
and some have caused them very serious injuries."
"And not long ago,
the president of the company also received a threatening phone call."
They will put the lives of many employees at risk.
(Radio: male) "The boat where the M
has just passed under the Minato Bridge."
The blackmailer will collect the money during the journey.
(Radio: male) "Accept."
Be attentive.
(Shinichi, think) "The walkie-talkie has a maximum range of 100 meters."
"The blackmailer, at most, should be at this distance."
(Radio: male) "It's about time you started working for me."
"The vessel is heading towards the Ojima gate
to enter the Oyoko Channel."
"There, place the briefcase on the roof. Keep it in the center, don't let it fall."
"Then go back to your seat
and wait for me to get back in touch with you."
(Conan voice) Oooh!
Oh, you damn little boy!
(Man) The M has just entered the Heikyu channel.
Attention!
The briefcase is the roof of the boat.
The briefcase has disappeared!
(Shinichi voice) "The blackmailer had placed an electromagnetic system.
"inside the briefcase so that it could be picked up
"Without anyone seeing it,
and thus kept the 24 million yen."
"He had decided that Mr. Mouri would make the delivery,
"Which made us think that there must be some connection,
"And we discovered that the link had to be in Satoshi Nishizawa,
a mechanical engineer from New Image."
"Mr. Mouri had investigated her on a case two months ago
and, as a result, he had been fired from the company."
Good morning, Mr. Nishizawa.
What is it?
Mr. Nishizawa!
(Conan voice) Yes.
He's not here.
Maybe he's gone out.
(Conan voice) Oh!
It's open.
Mr. Nishizawa?
May we come in?
Mr. Nishizawa!
Eh?
Conan!
What are you doing?
You can't go in without permission, man!
(Shinichi voice) "Love and crimes are always there,
they repeat every day."
"Looks like the culprit is dead, can we close the case now?"
"But where is the ransom money? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
(Conan voice) "The night walk through the cherry blossom trees of the Sumida River.
(Part Two)."
Wait, Ran!
Mr. Nishizawa!
Don't touch it!
Look at it.
The water is up to the edge of the bathtub,
but not a drop can be seen on the floor, it's already dried up.
This means that Mr. Nishizawa has been drowned for a long time.
I estimate that he must have been drowned for at least 6 hours.
Wow!
First of all, what we have to do is call the police.
Yes, of course.
Are you going?
(Shinichi, think) "An empty pill bottle,
of sleeping pills."
"Mm? A flower petal."
"What flower could it be?"
"From the shape it looks like cherry, but this color..."
(Sato) Hey, Ran, what are you doing here?
Inspector Sato, Mr. Nishizawa is in the bathtub...
(Sato) -Huh?
What's he doing here?
-But what are you doing here?
Co-conan!
He's already dead.
-Okay.
-Call the police station, hurry up!
Inspector Sato, why did you come here?
Because it turns out they found a boat stolen from the Heikyu Canal,

and you can see that there was a pile of Mr. Nishizawa's footprints.
Of course...
Well, we'll take it from here, you can go now.
OK, OK, OK.
Come on, Conan, we'd better get going,
maybe we'll still bother the inspectors here.
Hey, Conan!
Conan, what are you doing here?
Get out right now!
Oh!
Is this...
So, it was a suicide?
On the boat that looks like he used to retrieve the briefcase,
they found his fingerprints on it.
And, also, inside his computer they found this note.
I've been confirmed that the approximate time of death
is one o'clock in the morning.
He drowned after taking
an overdose of sleeping pills.
Mmm...
Without a doubt, this is a suicide.
"I am writing this because the crime of blackmail I have committed
was not for money.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri had the indecency to report me,
and an act of love ended in a restraining order.
As a result, Mr. Ishida put me out of work.
My intention is to disgrace this detective,
to punish Mr. Ishida
for failing to support one of his employees
and teach them both a lesson.
Everything they have done to me has been a great humiliation to me,
and I no longer have any reason to go on living".
Until we finish the whole investigation
we will not be able to come to any conclusion,
but I will keep you informed of any new developments.
Mm?
Inspector...
No, not yet.
Has the ransom money turned up?
I'll see you around, Kogoro.
Understood.
Ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's not over yet...
If the money hasn't shown up, this case is more alive than ever!
And if anyone will solve it, it will be me!
Uoh!
Uh-hu!
Ow!
Ah!
I don't know anything about Mr. Nishizawa.
Ah, well, I understand you knew each other quite well.
Tell me everything you know.
Aaa... aaa... aaa... atxum!
You won't like what I have to tell you.
-Yes, of course, I want to know everything.
-Do you still want to know?
The only thing I know is that Satoshi, you, hated him to death.
Yeah, that's nothing new to me.
And do you know what he intended, with all this number that he has mounted?
-I don't know.
-I didn't know anything.
-What?
-Another thing...
Do you have an alibi for tonight at one o'clock in the morning?
Alibi?
But why do I need an alibi?
-It's not confirmed.
-They're not saying that he committed suicide?
But when we have spoken to Mr. Ishida's acquaintances,
the director of the company,
I'm sure we'll find out for sure.
Well, maybe what they need to do is to stop suspecting me and start suspecting Mr. Ishida.
and start suspecting Mr. Ishida.
Eh?
Satoshi was blackmailing Mr. Ishida.
Are you blackmailing me?
As a company director you should protect your employees!
All you've done is tarnish the company's image.
If he fires me, at the very least, indemnitzi'm!
Don't talk nonsense!
If necessary, I will make public everything you are doing to me.
And I don't care if the company goes bankrupt!
It is not necessary to go to that extreme.
We can work it out by talking.
I think Mr. Ishida had enough reason to kill at Satoshi Nish.
to kill Satoshi Nishizawa.
But I asked him about his alibi.
At 1:00 a.m. he was at home talking on the phone with his girlfriend.
-We were talking on the landline.
-The cell phone won't serve as an alibi.
If you suspect me,
look at the call log and you'll see that I'm telling the truth.
I don't understand what else they want to investigate.
Aren't they saying it was a suicide?
Don't you want to recover the 24 million yen?
For me it's a ridiculous amount.
I earn it by selling just one car.
By the way, I congratulate you for the work you did.
I know Nishizawa's case wasn't easy at all.
and gave you a lot of work.
This is for you.
-I was sleeping at one o'clock in the morning.
-What were you doing at one o'clock in the morning?
But of course, since I live alone, no one can confirm that.
Mm!
Sorry for the inconvenience.
-No.
-You don't want to take the money?
I could give them for Mr. Nishizawa's burial.
I looked into Tanaka, who was Nishizawa's subordinate.
They always went together and he was very fond of gambling.
Also, I have it on record that he has a lot of debts.
He once asked me for money,

but I knew that such a high amount I could not return it to him and I said no.
and I said no.
(Shinichi, think) "A surveillance camera."
"What's the sound, this one?!"
"There was no surveillance camera on that road."
"And there's none here either."
"There is one here."
"It's the Toyosu channel."
"On the route I took, I didn't find any surveillance cameras."
"Therefore, there won't be any recordings that can serve as evidence."
"You could have left the boat here...
and go to the Oyoko Channel... to retrieve the briefcase."
(Boat: motor)
Eh?
(Conan voice) Good morning!
This side channel takes you directly to the Sendai Bori channel.
Watch out, keep your head down.
It's narrow, but a boat goes through here, right?
It sure is.
They're beautiful, aren't they, the cherry blossoms?
Mm-hm.
Eh?
Can you stand over there, please?
(Shinichi voice) It's Mr. Nishizawa's apartment.
But I see there are no yellow blossoms out there.
Not yet.
Have you found what you were looking for?
Hey, do you know any yellow flowers that look like cherry blossoms?
Oh, I do.
Sakura cherry blossom.
Sakura cherry blossom?
Yes, they're only found around here in the Tsukuda area.
They usually bloom later than the other cherry trees,
but this year they are a little early and have already bloomed.
What can you bring me?
What?
That you have found out who the culprit is?
(Kogoro) "Well, I'd say I have a slight idea."
So he, neither was the blackmailer nor has he committed suicide?
"And who was it, then? Tell me!"
No, it wasn't in Nishizawa.
For the time being, I'll leave you with honey in your mouths.
"Tell Mr. Ishida, the director of New Image,
"And Mr. Tanaka, the engineer,
to go to the director's office at 5:00 p.m. today."
Okay, I'll summon them both.
But I hope you know what you're doing.
Easy, man, trust big Kogoro!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
A-a... atxum!
Are you all right, father?
A-a... atxum!
"Didn't I tell you that you had to rest?"
"You should be in bed well covered, instead of working!"
Okay, we'll be right back.
They say there's a bunch of 10,000 yen bills
floating in the Sumida River in the Tsukuda area.
It must be the money from yesterday, right?
It looks like they found an empty briefcase floating down the river.
It must be the money that was inside.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How strange!"
"The briefcase was found here. Instead, we are now here."
"How come there are no floating bills from there to here?"
Atxum!
Ah!
A-a... atxum!
Father, you can't go anywhere with a fever of 40!
Oh..., the great detective Mouri has to go and do...
his 5 o'clock deductions show.
I can't stay in bed with a cold for nothing.
What's the matter?
Father...
See if you can get it out of your head!
He says he wants to go and do the show of deductions at all costs.
Do you know who the culprit is?
Yes, but I'm not going to tell anyone until 5 o'clock.
Do you know that some of the ransom money has washed up floating in the Sumida River?
Yes, they say they've been thrown into...
What are you talking about?!
It can't be.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This man..."
If the money has appeared, my deductions are wrong.
Ah, my fever has risen!
That's why I'm telling you that you shouldn't go.
If you want, I can go instead of you.
Don't you have a video camera?
Eh?
Mm-hm.
So all we have to do is videotape your father's deduction
and show the others.
Mr. Mouri couldn't come because he has a very bad cold
and he asked me to show you this recording.
I don't care how he does it, but have it for work.
I am very busy today.
Okay.
"There are many people who consider me one of the best detectives in the world."
"Yes, sir, I am the detecti..."
"Atxum! Detective Kogoro Mouri."
"There are... ahem, there are two keys to solving this case."
"First: a hostility against New Image."
"And the second key is the hostility a person has shown against me."
"There are 3 suspects:
"Mr. Satoshi Nishizawa, who is dead and has left a note;

"His subordinate, in Kaoru Tanaka,
and the third is the director of New Image, Mr. Ene Ishida."
"We know that Mr. Satoshi Nishizawa
had it in for both me and the director of New Image."
"But we also know that he was blackmailing Mr. Ene Ishida."
Don't talk nonsense!
That he was blackmailing me, you say?
Where did you get that from?!
"Mr. Ishida has no alibi.
"for the timing of the collection of the money from the Oyoko Canal,
and neither has he for the estimated time of Mr. Nishizawa's death."
"I say that in case it was proven to have been a murder, of course."
"A... atxum!"
But I guess that doesn't make me guilty of anything.
"Mr. Tanaka, on the other hand,
"He had no motive either to hold any kind of grudge against New Image
nor to murder Mr. Nishizawa."
"And he has a good alibi for the time of Mr. Nishizawa's death."
I'm glad he checked.
"However, we know you like to gamble,
and we've established that you owe a lot of money."
"Considering this detail,
we could say that he would have a motive to do the blackmail."
"But we can't consider it suspicious."
- "A... atxum!"
-Why do you say it, this, now ?!
"Considering the note we found in Mr. Nishizawa's apartment,
"That he placed the electromagnet inside the briefcase,
"that he stole the motorboat in the Heikyu canal,
"that he retrieved the briefcase from the Oyoko Canal,
"That he threw the briefcase and the money into the river,
"That he drank a whole bottle of sleeping pills
and finally drowned in the bathtub,
we could say that Mr. Nishizawa has committed suicide."
Can you tell where he's going with all this?
From here I will continue reading Mr. Mouri's deduction.
Yes.
You mean, Conan?
Are you sure?
According to detective Kogoro Mouri, the culprit is...
Eh?!
It's you, Mr. Tanaka.
What are you saying?!
Didn't we agree that he had an alibi?
Yes, but it also says here that he has a gambling debt...
of 20 million yen to a finance company.
And that he committed these crimes in order to pay that money back.
Maybe he did have a motive to do so,
but how do you explain this alibi thing?
Here it is explained in chronological order.
Yesterday Mr. Tanaka collected the money,
but he didn't throw it in the river.
He only got rid of the briefcase and the electromagnet.
He then used a back channel...
to go to Mr. Nishizawa's apartment.
Then, after knocking him unconscious,
he took him by speedboat to his home.
You live in Tsukuda, therefore,
it was easy for you to get from one place to another
through that side channel.
There, you made him take a whole bottle of sleeping pills,
because it looked like he had committed suicide,
and made all the preparations to kill him.
While talking to his sister
on the landline at home,
she filled the bathtub where Mr. Nishizawa had fallen asleep.
I have doubts about the fact that the time he was talking to his girlfriend on the phone
he was talking to his girlfriend on the phone
coincided with the estimated time of Mr. Nishizawa's death.
But I later found out
that he only did this so that he could have an alibi
that he could confirm to the police.
And now comes the big mistake he made:
he didn't realize that a Sakura cherry blossom petal,
like the ones that bloom near his house,
got stuck on Mr. Nishizawa's clothes.
After constructing an alibi by calling his girlfriend, he returned Mr. Nishizawa's corpse,
he returned Mr. Nishizawa's corpse on the floor
using the same secondary channel
and placed it inside the bathtub.
The time of death did not change.
What it did do was change the scene of the murder.
What happened is that he didn't realize
that you left behind a Sakura cherry blossom petal.
You had a debt of 20 million yen.
To begin with, you were planning to keep the 24 million yen,
but to make it look like the motive for everything
was spite and not money, he left the written note on the computer,
he left the written note on the computer
and had no choice but to throw into the river the 4 million
4 million left over after paying the debt into the river,

to give credibility to Mr. Nishizawa's supposed note.
No, it is not true!
Is it true, all of it, Mr. Tanaka?
Y-you're making it all up!
Well, when the briefcase happened
I saw him on a motorcycle very close to the Oyoko canal.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What a sound, this one?!"
(Conan voice) Before and after the money collection,
a motorcycle was about to run me over.
I knew it was the same motorcycle for the license plate.
Isn't it yours, this bike?
It's the one parked in the parking lot at home.
I know you used a route
where there were no surveillance cameras,
but luckily I saw it.
How could you pass yourself off as a good person
after committing murder?
Mr. Ishida, before we continue talking...
you should know that we will also denounce the irregularities you have committed.
Therefore, I advise you to be well prepared,
because I'm sure you will also have to pay.
Wow, I didn't expect that.
And there's nothing you can do to fix it?
Oh...
And now!
What did you think?
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Fantastic!
I was expecting it, from Kogoro.
You will congratulate him, Conan,
and tell him that, despite the cold, he's been up to the task, as usual?
Of course I will!
(Shinichi, thinking) "If he knew I edited the video, he'd be shocked.
he'd be stunned."
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
A... atxum!
We're finally in Kyoto!
-And so much!
-I'm so excited!
The chocolate birds are gone?
The chocolate birds?
Yes, that's right.
What do you mean, they have disappeared?
- (man) Eh?
They're gone?
-But how could this happen?
The candy that was here is gone.
Listen, you're lucky I'm a great detective.
This case has no difficulty.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
"'The Mystery of the Disappearing Candy'."

