(Woman) It was pouring rain this morning.
(Woman) -Nothing at all.
-You didn't get wet, Mr. Mouri?
I'm glad.
By the way, what big vines you have.
Do all these vines belong to your winery, Yurika?
Yes, I inherited them from my father when he died.
Now I run the business with Kengo, my husband,
who has studied oenology, and Mizumachi, a friend.
We all work together to keep Suwayama winery growing.
(Kogoro) Fantastic!
The truth is that I don't understand anything about agriculture,
so I have to rely on the two of them.
I can't wait to start the wine tasting.
(Thinking) "As long as I don't drink more than I should..."
"Of love and crimes there are always: they are repeated every day."
"A crime has been committed in a wine cellar."
"The alibi hides among the vineyards!"
"The truth always ends up knowing."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni Speak Out.

Nani wo mezasu no ka shiranai mama
Gamushara ni ima wo Susumu way
Sukoshi demo ue wo muite INAI tono
Fuan ni oshi tsubusare chau.
Anata wa Kitto yume wo Miru deshou
Kanaetakute nakitakute demo oikakete.
Anata wa sotto akirame chau no?
Too Sugita genjitsu imanara can not you see?
Take me to the high, We never cry on.
Mada mienai asu he.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Iya na koto Bakari Jana yo Bokura wa yume wo mito.
Try again, try again, try again always.
Try again, try again, try again, try again.
Aru ga mama ni speak out.
"A rose among the vines"
Mmm!
This wine tastes extraordinarily elegant.
To make such an accurate comment as the one you have made,
you must understand quite a bit about wine.
Well, a little.
I recognize that I have a very fine palate.
"As fine as the palate of a sponge."
I am the owner and manager of a chain of restaurants in Tokyo.
My name is Akihiro Yamaguchi.
I am very enthusiastic about the Suwayama family's wine.
and I've come to sign a contract with them.
(Kogoro) No wonder.
The truth is that this wine
is completely different from any other I've tasted.
And the owner is almost as irresistible as her wines.
Excuse me, Mr. Yamaguchi.
What happened?
In Kengo I was supposed to bring the contract,
but I can't find it anywhere.
I'm sure it will be here soon.
-Yes...
-Here we go again?
I'm very sorry.
Your husband is a great winemaker,
but to tell you the truth, he's also a bit sullen.
He's obsessed with the quality of his wines.
Last time...
I will not sign a contract
that will lower the quality of Suwayama wines!
It is true that the wine would not be as good without his dedication,
but I find that this time the contract is not unfavorable at all.
I feel sorry for the Yurika.
Ah, Mizumachi!
Have you seen Kengo, by any chance?
No, I haven't seen her since this morning.
And couldn't it be that she had hidden
because she doesn't want to see Mr. Yamaguchi?
It's just that this contract still doesn't make the weight...
Don't suffer, Yurika.
Even if he didn't come, it seems that Kengo has accepted the contract.
-Goita, look what I found.
-What?
It was on the table of the warehouse.
It's the contract!
And it bears the signature of Kengo!
What good news!
Mr. Yamaguchi, we found the contract.
(Yamaguchi) Well, it's a deal, then.
Thank you for everything, Mr. Yamaguchi.
Yurika, Mizumachi.
As partners from now on, we can talk about anything you want.
Thank you, Mr. Yamaguchi.
Anyway, where did he go, Kengo?
I'll go out and look for him.
Let's see if I can find him at the warehouse in the south area,
we haven't gone there yet.
Mizumachi, could you accompany Mr. Mouri and his family...
to visit the vineyards?
(Mizumachi) In the southern zone we have Cabernet Sauvignon,
while in the northern zone we have Pinot Noir grapes.
The soil in the south is red clay and in the north is gravel.
We have different types of soil within the vineyard,
so we can grow different grape varieties.
Ah.
Wow, how interesting.
How beautiful it is, this fog!
Oh!
It's not fog, it's a natural pesticide.
Every day we spray the vineyards between one and four o'clock.

It's not long now until it's over.
They also grow roses, I see.
Oh, no.
They are not for decoration, but to keep pests at bay.
The roses themselves don't do the pesticide function, naturally,
but they're more delicate than vines when it comes to pests and diseases.
Anything affects them sooner.
When roses wilt,
it means there is some pest hanging around the vineyards, right?
Do you have different varieties of roses depending on the soil?
No, they are the same species.
Some are of a different color.
Yes, but that doesn't mean they are different species.
Eh?
(Kogoro) Hey, Yurika!
Where was he, your husband?
Have you found him yet?
No.
I can't find him anywhere.
In fact, I was thinking of going to look in the cellar where we keep the wineskins.
-Yes. -Yes.
-The butts?
Before we bottle the wine,
we let it age for a while in wooden barrels.
When you say you let it "age", you mean that you can taste the wine there,
you mean that there you can taste the wine that hasn't aged?
Well, I would love to go with you!
-Mr. Mouri!
-Please let me come with you!
All right, we can all go together.
Thank you very much!
(Yurika: shrieks)
"How strange..."
I feel so bad.
She's been murdered.
They've tied her up and hung him by the neck from this stake.
It can't be.
It can't be.
But she wasn't supposed to die!
Eh!
What do you mean, he wasn't supposed to die?
What do you know?
(Conversation murmurs)
(Man) Inspector Momoi!
The coroner has determined the approximate time of death:
between half past one and half past two.
(Man) Okay.
Where were you and what were you doing at that time?
W-well, I was alone in the south warehouse since noon,
doing something that Yurika had asked me to do.
Therefore, I gather that there was no one with you...
who can confirm your alibi, right?
Just a moment, please!
It was Yurika who asked me to lock Kengo in here.
I tied her hands and feet, but I didn't kill him.
You must believe me!
I didn't ask you to do that!
Why not?
Yurika!
And you, can you tell me where you were and what you were doing when your husband died?
I myself can confirm Miss Yurika's alibi, Inspector.
At half past one she came to pick us up by car at the station.
We arrived at the warehouse at about half past five o'clock at 3:30,
and we haven't let her out of our sight for a moment since then.
-Now that I think about it...
-Thank you.
I went out, but later.
At about half past five at 4 o'clock I went to look for the south warehouse in Kengo.
In any case, it was after the time of death,
so it is not relevant.
And when we met again with Miss Yurika
"... it was after 4 o'clock."
"We entered this warehouse
and found the body at 5:30 past 5."
Perfect.
As for the two of you, if I understand correctly,
you arrived at the house at one o'clock and you haven't left until now, is that right?
Yes, that is correct.
So..., this morning, first thing this morning,
I saw Mr. Kengo walking in the rain with Mr. Mizumachi.
They were on their way here.
Oh, well...
By the way, could you tell me how many people have the key to this winery?
Well, me, Mizumachi and Kengo.
And Miss Yurika has one too.
In the victim's pocket we found her key.
Also, the door was locked when we arrived.
Therefore, the person we are looking for...
must be someone who has the key to the wine cellar
and who has no alibi for the time of the crime.
Listen, Mr. Inspector, there's something I don't understand.
Hey, you!
How is it that the murderer has gone to so much trouble
to drag the corpse to the wall?
How did he do that?
Drag the corpse?
Yeah, look at this.
These black lines are the marks
left by the victim's shoes.
That's right, the tips of the shoes are worn down.
If her toes are worn down,
she must have been face down when she was dragged.
Besides, the marks describe a straight line, right?
This means that she has not resisted.
Therefore, we could say that, when it was dragged, it was already dead.
Ah, of course!
Now I understand why it has these strange marks on its neck.

Strangulation marks
run from the front of the neck to the nape of the neck.
"They mean the victim was face down,
and the killer strangled her from behind."
Yes, that may be.
But how is it that he hung him on the stake on the wall...
after strangling him?
Look!
The knot of this rope is different.
How strange!
Eh?
This is a normal one-loop sailor's knot.
Mr. Kengo, on the other hand, is tied with a double twist knot.
Double twist?
I watched Mr. Mizumachi tie one while we were looking at the rose bushes.
"A double twist sailor's knot is difficult to untie,
that's why it's often used in agriculture."
-That's funny.
It's true, the knots are different.
How is it that, to the rope with which they have hung him by the neck,
there is a simpler knot that can be undone more easily?
If Mr. Mizumachi were the culprit,
he would have tied a double knot
to the rope that served as a murder weapon.
It could also be that the person who tied it hand and foot is not the same person who hung it up
is not the same person who hung it on the wall.
But the only person who has no alibi is Mr. Mizumachi.
"He's right. Everyone has an alibi taken from Mr. Mizumachi."
Yikes, I've got mud on my shoes!
What a rage, they're my favorite.
"Sure! Fang!"
"I got it."
"Now I understand how the alibi was fabricated!"
Are you sure you're all right, Yurika?
I'm convinced that Mizumachi killed her
because he was worried about me...
(Kengo) 800 bottles a year?
What an animal!
We don't have enough with our vineyards,
to produce that amount of wine.
If we give up organic farming,
we can increase the harvest.
And if we still don't have enough,
we can buy grapes from other producers.
If we give up organic farming and blend our grapes, the quality of the wine will plummet,
the quality of the wine will plummet.
We are in over our heads, we have no choice.
I don't want to hear another word!
I'm sure he killed him so that he wouldn't put up any more objections to the contract.
We already have a motive, then.
And he has no alibi for the time of the crime.
It seems pretty obvious to me that Mr. Mizumachi is guilty.
Mmm...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaa... Oooooh!
-Inspector Momoi
-Are you... are you all right?
I advise you to listen to me, before you stop Mr. Mizumachi.
Eh?
What... what do you mean?
(Kogoro voice) I just found out the truth.
I was wrong.
The culprit is not Mr. Mizumachi, it's someone else.
So this is the famous Sleeping Kogoro?
the one who solves practically every case?
Mr. Mouri, who is the culprit?
Inspector, this is a frame-up case.
A case with a catch?
The crime was committed
between half past one and half past two in the afternoon.
Anyone who had an alibi during this time slot
was automatically ruled out.
Yes, this is standard procedure.
What if I told you that the crime had been "timed"
so that the victim died at a time
when the killer was somewhere else?
How?
Mr. Mizumachi has left Mr. Kengo
"...tied and locked to the cellar where we are now."
"The culprit has waited for him to leave and then,
entered and applied a simple trick to the victim to kill him."
Inspector Momoi.
I need you to give me a hand
so I can explain it in an understandable way.
You say.
I need you to reproduce the victim's position before death.
Lie on the floor face down, please.
Is that all right?
Imagine that you are bound hand and foot,
and try arching your body upwards.
(snorts)
Phew, you can't hold it for long!
The first great mystery
was the strangulation marks on the victim's neck.
And that's the motive.
The murderer has put a rope around his neck
and tied her ankles with the same rope.
What?
Thus, the victim had to keep his back permanently arched...
so as not to strangle.
That's why the rope left so many marks on his neck.
How strong!
And that's why the knots of the rope that tied his feet and hands
were different from the knot of the rope
with which he was hung on the stake on the wall.
Of course!

The strangulation marks around his neck were made by the rope that
were made by the rope that tightened around his neck
and kept him bound with his feet.
But why did he use this trick?
To fabricate an alibi, as I said at the beginning.
In this way, he could keep the victim alive...
until he ran out of strength and died.
And did he have to do something so cruel, for an alibi?
Once the alibi had been fabricated for the time of the crime,
the murderer came back to the cellar where we are now...
"... and untied the rope that bound his neck to his ankles."
"To hide any trace of the trick he had used,
he hung the corpse to the stake in the wall."
"Only one person could have done it:
Yurika."
You are responsible for the murder of Mr. Kengo.
What?!
Where did you get this nonsense from?
At about half past five on the 4th, you left the house...
with the excuse that you were going to look for your husband.
Yes, I went to see if I could find him in the south warehouse.
-No, that's a lie.
-I didn't come, I was in the cellar.
You haven't set foot in the vineyards in the southern area today.
What?
The vineyards in the southern area are of clayey soils
so they grow the Cabernet Sauvignon grape variety.
As it rained this morning,
the clay soil in these vineyards has filled with puddles.
The clay soil gets muddy very quickly when it is wet.
That's why Mr. Mizumachi's boots,
who has been working in the south warehouse,
are covered with reddish mud.
On his shoes, on the other hand,
there is no trace of this mud.
This...
This proves nothing!
It's Mizumachi who killed my husband!
(Kogoro voice) No!
(Kogoro voice) He's lying.
Mr. Mizumachi has locked Mr. Kengo in the cellar, it's true,
but he didn't kill him.
-Oh, of course he did.
-You have no way of knowing!
Because I know that Mr. Mizumachi hasn't come back here to the cellar.
But how can you be so sure?
The time of death is between half past one and half past two.
"At half past five on 4 we went out
for a walk in the vineyards with Mr. Mizumachi."
Therefore, he has been able to act...
from half past one to half past three.
But precisely during this interval...
"Yes, between one o'clock and four o'clock they fumigate the north vineyard,
"where the winery is located,
with a natural wood vinegar pesticide."
Conan!
Yes!
Wood vinegar is an acid liquid
that is obtained from the ashes of wood.
This is litmus paper.
It turns pink on contact with acid.
It has not changed.
There are no traces of wood vinegar on Mr. Mizumachi's clothes.
It's... it's true.
This means that...
yes,
it means he hasn't gone to the north vineyard during this time slot.
But the Yurika...
does have traces of wood vinegar on her body.
And where did she get this from?
From the rose-shaped clip in her hair.
-The clip?
-What?
In the morning it was a shiny silver color.
Now it's oxidized and blackened.
That's because silver darkens when it comes in contact with acid.
It... it has darkened
because, when I went to the warehouse to look in Kengo,
they were fumigating the south side with wood vinegar.
It doesn't hold up.
Look at the roses outside.
Even though they are all the same species,
the roses growing in the southern vineyard are yellow.
The color changes because they also use different pesticides depending on the area of the vineyard.
depending on the area of the vineyard.
The northern vineyard is sprayed with the wood vinegar we already know,
while the southern vineyard is sprayed with an alkali
called "Bordeaux mixture".
As is the case with litmus paper,
when yellow roses are in contact with an acid liquid, they turn pink.
they turn pink.
If you had been walking through the southern vineyard,
your silver clip would not have blackened.
Who would have thought...
that this clip would give me away!
Yes, you are right.
It was me who killed Kengo.
-Miss Yurika!
-Yurika...
Did you do it so you could sign the contract with the restaurant?
I didn't do it just for the money.
It was his fault!
Okay, Yurika.
What?!
We're getting divorced.
If you're willing to lower the quality of Suwayama wines,

I don't want to participate.
But why not?
You don't understand anything about wine.
What?
Now I know it was a mistake to marry
with a woman like you.
I couldn't forgive him.
Not only did she humiliate me, but she preferred to keep the wines for herself.
I don't care what grapes they have!
I don't give a damn about the wine!
(Yurika: cries)
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
(Snoring)
Oysters!
The father has already drunk
all the bottles he was given as thanks!
And yet Mr. Yamaguchi
told us that this vintage was excellent.
Yes.
And he said that if we let it age for a few years...
...it would be even better.
Ah... I'm not going to have another sip of wine.
"No matter how much we let it age, it will never mature."
(Woman) Hi, guys.
Has everyone come today?
Who is it, this beauty?
So, the act of vandalism takes place...
Do you know anyone who's interested in damaging the civic center?
Well, I can only think of one name...
What happened?
(Shout)
That petal is not from any of the flowers in the garden.
Ah... What if it was...?
Don't miss the next episode: "Vandalism in the kindergarten".

