-Something very serious has happened.
-Come on, come on!
We need the help of the great detective Mouri.
Gee, boy!
Don't you feel lazy to go and play at this time of the morning?
It was you, father, who took the case.
Because I didn't know that Yoko would be performing at the Wide Show this morning!
(Shinichi voice) Oh, so much.
What an energetic, good morning!
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A corpse in the civic center garden. An extraordinary trick."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "Vandalism in the kindergarten."
(Ay) The civic center in the Beika neighborhood?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, it's where neighbors gather for sports....
or do activities of all kinds.
Ah... Anyway, it doesn't look like anything happened here.
(Ayumi) It's here!
It's here.
Terrible, isn't it?
It's all destroyed, as if a hurricane happened.
We, the children of the neighborhood, are in charge of
the trees and flowers in the garden of the civic center:
We plant seeds, we water the plants...
But lately, every morning we find the garden half destroyed.
-We have to find the culprit, Mr. Mouri.
-You have to have a very bad temper.
Talk about it with the teacher or with their mothers.
Father!
But...
I already knew,
that it wouldn't do any good to entrust the case to Mr. Mouri.
Well, he promised us on the phone that he would take care of it.
Oi, Genta?
Hey, Genta?
-What happened?
-Oh, geez.
I don't understand anything.
The brick I made has disappeared.
I'm convinced I saw it here a few days ago.
(Conan's voice) Maybe the hooligan who has vandalized the garden
has broken it without realizing it.
How can one be such a bad person?
I see we'll have to take care of this case on our own.
-Of course.
Find out who he is.
-Huh?
-He can't do it alone.
Whoever he is, if he's acting at night, he'll have to come with an adult.
Come on, father.
You have to keep what you promised them!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha-ha! We already have the great detective here..."
Bah!
I don't feel like babysitting.
(Woman) Hi, guys.
Has everyone come today?
Who... who is this beauty?
(All at once) Good morning, Miss Yamazaki and Miss Saki.
Gee... Every morning lately, it's been the same, that.
Excuse me.
Do you work at the civic center, Miss?
Yes, yes, that's right.
Who are you?
Hello.
I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
I've been asked to investigate the vandalism in the garden.
You say you're a... detective?
Come on, that's enough talk!
We have to fix all this.
Yes, we do.
Excuse me. I'm here.
I'm here.
They're doing it wrong again, that's it.
This kind of thing can't be left to amateurs.
You dedicate yourself to doing your job
and stay out of your own way, if possible.
My job, precisely, is to be a gardener.
It won't be expensive.
Let's see..., the seedlings, plus the fertilizer, plus the labor,
all this would cost a total of...
I have already told you that we do not need it.
The only thing everyone is looking for is a way to get money out of us!
(Shinichi, thinks) "All together?"
Well, here's the budget with the discount.
Miss Yamazaki has already told you that she's not interested.
-Ah!
-You stay out of it.
-Quiet!
-What are you doing?! -What are you doing?!
This land used to be mine.
I can do whatever I want, I can't do anything!
How is it?
Is it bad?
No, no, I'm fine...

The famous detective Kogoro Mouri cannot tolerate any kind of aggression against such a beautiful woman!
against such a beautiful woman!
Did you say "detective"?
Therefore, the act of vandalism takes place sometime....
from the time they go home at night until first thing in the morning.
-Today is the third day.
-How long ago did it all start?
Sorry, I'm very busy in the mornings.
Enough of playing detective.
Let's see, do you know anyone...
who's interested in damaging the civic center?
-You mean him, don't you?
-Well, there's only one name I can think of...
- (children) Mm!
-Mm?
(children) Eh?
Hey, shouldn't we go to school, you guys?
Is it here, where they make the bricks for the garden?
Yes.
They all have different shapes and sizes, so the children make them by hand.
The person who steps on the flowers every night
also crushes the children's illusions.
I'm sure he will be back tonight!
If he has come three times, there will be a fourth, for sure.
Tonight we will come with Mr. Mouri and the one caught in action.
(All) Hip, hip, hooray!
What a drive they have, don't they?
(Shinichi voice) Look at you.
(Shinichi voice) Oh yeah?
So your parents are the owners of that coffee shop?
The truth is, I often pass by that area.
Next time, come in.
We'll buy you a beer.
Really?
Next time it could be tonight.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Eh? (Laughs)
Tonight?
Ay, ay, ay, ay...!
Enough flirting!
Mr. Kogoro, we want to come tonight...
to catch the punk who's tearing up our garden.
-At 8 o'clock is good?
-Huh?
Ah...
-Ha-ha-ha!
-All right, you got it.
-Huh?
Yes, I get that a lot.
-He's very kind to children.
We detectives punish the strong and protect the weak,
it's in our blood.
What do you say, boys?
Would you like me to walk you to school?
See you tonight, then.
Oh, by the way!
Just a moment, Ayumi.
This is for you.
I promised you the other day.
It only blooms at night, I harvested it from the garden at home.
Oh, I'm so excited!
Thank you so much.
I have another bag.
If you want it, it's for you.
-Ha-ha-ha!
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you very much, Saki.
-Here, another one.
Welcome.
Hello.
(Conan's voice) Wow!
What are you doing here?
Eh?
The mother is on a trip
and I come to work in the evenings to lend a hand.
What a cozy coffee shop!
Didn't you say you lived here too?
Yes, our house is right here, upstairs.
Nothing, thank you.
What would you like to drink?
I just came to pick up my father.
Father, don't you remember you're meeting the children at 8 o'clock?
I can't leave without having another beer from Saki!
(Shinichi, thinks) "When he gets something in his head..."
What a shame!
Sorry, I made him drink too much.
(Genta) We're late because of Mr. Mouri.
It's already 10 o'clock, the culprit must have left long ago.
I hope the garden is ok...
(Genta) Oh!
The flowers!
- (all) Eh?!
- (Ayumi) Aaaah!
(Conan's voice) What happened?
It's Miss Yamazaki.
Ran, call the ambulance and the police.
Yes!
(Shinichi voice) Eh?
Kudo, did you see that?
It's a petal...
(Conan voice) Eh?
Mr. Mouri, atrapi'l!
(Conan voice) Eh?
You won't escape!
(All) We've got him!
-But it's...
-Ah!
The florist!
The victim's name is Toshiko Yamazaki and he worked at the Beika Civic Center.
The approximate time of death is 8 pm.
Although she has signs of bruises all over her body,
the cause of death is the impact to the head
of one of the bricks on the floor.
The wound matches the shape of the bricks on the edge of the garden.
These bricks are made by children by hand,
so there is no other place.
They have found it themselves.
It shouldn't turn alone, at this hour.
It's just that we wanted to catch the hooligan.
We were not alone, we have come with Mr. Mouri.
Okay, you guys...
Mr. Okuda has a flower shop.
And who is this man?
He was hiding here when we found the body and then he tried to run away.
But we stopped her.
This man is very fond of the civic center.

Who are you?
I used to work with Miss Yamazaki.
This man's flower shop was located where we are now until a year ago,
but it was expropriated to build the civic center.
He still hasn't digested it, so he destroys our garden every night.
It's true, they forced me to move the flower shop....
and business is not so good for me anymore.
It's normal for him to be angry, isn't it?
It's me who destroys the garden, yes.
But today, when I arrived,
it was all messed up and I found that woman lying on the ground.
Mm...
(Kogoro) Inspector.
Everything seems to indicate that Miss Yamazaki
fell from that fire escape landing.
Yes, according to the coroner,
on the third floor landing of the fire escape there are several footprints
which correspond to the victim's shoes
and Mr. Okuda's rubber boots.
I've got it, Inspector.
Today, at 8:00 p.m.,
Mr. Okuda got into an argument with Miss Yamazaki
on the third floor landing.
They struggled briefly and he pushed her.
She got scared and ran away,
but he came back around 10:00 p.m. and met up with us,
who came to make the nightly rounds.
No.
The fire escape is the only place where you can smoke,
and this morning I went up there to have a cigarette.
That woman came to throw me out and we had a row.
Mm!
And at 8 p.m., the time of the crime?
Could you tell me where you were and what you were doing, if you would be so kind?
I went out with the van to deliver a bunch of flowers.
But it was a fake delivery, the address didn't exist.
I spent a long time wandering around the streets.
Was he alone, or is there someone who can corroborate this?
This means he has no alibi.
He was alone.
You'll have to accompany us to the station.
Yes.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I didn't do anything.
There's been a mistake!
Anyway, what were you doing here, Miss Yamazaki,
at 8 o'clock in the evening?
Of course... Miss Yamazaki had come to pick that up.
I'm the bookkeeper.
Lately, the numbers weren't adding up.
There was an embezzlement in the working capital fund.
Yes.
An embezzlement?
Miss Yamazaki was stealing from us.
She knew I'd caught her.
That's why she came tonight to dispose of the evidence.
But I had already hidden the ledger.
Now I understand!
She met Mr. Okuda and he pushed her off the ladder.
Everything fits, yes sir.
I can tell you're a detective!
A brilliant deduction.
And now!
This case has been a piece of cake.
Ha-ha-ha!
It seems to me that there's someone here who doesn't quite see it clearly.
(Shinichi voice) Take a look.
What are these lines?
They look like cord marks.
Miss Yamazaki's shoe must have come untied during the struggle.
during the struggle.
Yes.
Well, there's a catch.
The corpse's shoelaces were tied securely.
That means...
(Conan's voice) Inspector Takagi.
And the petal on the corpse?
Ah, yes.
This one, you mean?
It fell in a garden,
it's no wonder he had a petal among his clothes.
Yes.
But have it tested just in case.
That petal is not from any of the flowers in the garden.
(Shinichi voice) No.
And now it's lighter in color than when we found it.
What if it was...?
(Conan voice) The bag from before?
(Conan voice) What?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure it is."
Yes.
"I already know what happened. The problem is that I don't have any proof."
How nice that they finally found the culprit, right?
Oh, so glad!
Now they won't spoil our garden.
Well, it doesn't look good to me.
No one has told me yet where the brick I made went!
(Shinichi, I think) "Shut up. Maybe the proof is still there!"
(Kogoro voice) Wow!
Hiding evidence, huh.
So it was you in the end.
You almost had me fooled, I'll give you that.
A corpse full of bruises, the bricks around the garden...
Everything seemed to indicate
that Miss Yamazaki had fallen down the fire escape.
On the landing there were her footprints mixed in with Mr. Okuda's.
So it seemed very likely that Mr. Okuda had murdered Miss Yamazaki for resentment.
Miss Yamazaki out of spite.

You have tried to frame him, leaving him without an alibi,
but you made two mistakes.
The first was the victim's shoelace.
In addition to the victim's and Mr. Okuda's fingerprints,
the landing had the marks of a shoelace.
The victim's shoe probably came undone
while struggling,
but when we found her lying on the floor, her shoelaces were tied securely.
Therefore, this proves...
that Miss Yamazaki did not fall down the stairs.
Oh, they are very pretty, the test flowers on the counter.
These flowers that bloom at night are called onagers, aren't they?
When they open at dusk they are white and,
as the night progresses, they turn pink.
The petal of this flower is the second mistake you have made.
Like onagers, they bloom only at night,
the kindergarten fails.
However, on the back of the corpse was a petal of this flower.
The scent of the evening primrose was the trail
that led me to you.
Am I wrong, Miss Okamura?
I can assure you that I don't know what you're talking about.
The shoelace must have been fastened by someone.
And as for the onagers, they can be found anywhere.
The murderer was the man who was destroying our garden.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, everyone knew that the man who came to crush the flowers...
was Mr. Okuda.
Since he was in over his head, he was ruining gardens...
so he could sell seedlings and bulbs and make small repairs.
So, you have devised a plan to punish the florist.
This morning you saw him arguing with his companion
on the fire escape,
and you decided that would be the scene of the crime.
To leave Mr. Okuda without an alibi,
she delivered an order to him at 8:00 p.m.
with a false address.
But don't you see?
Ms. Yamazaki died at 8:00 p.m.
I was working in the cafeteria at that time,
I was there from 7:00 to 5:30 at 10:00.
You know, you saw me with your own eyes.
It is true that it is 5 kilometers from here to the civic center.
It takes a good 10 minutes to go and return by car.
As a theory it's not bad,
but I miss the most important part.
When Miss Yamazaki died,
I couldn't be at the crime scene in any way.
-What?
- (Kogoro voice) The key is the bricks.
Taking advantage of the vandalism that started 3 days ago,
you have been taking bricks from the garden
without anyone noticing,
and built a small border in the cafeteria courtyard.
Ms. Yamazaki was not murdered at the civic center,
but in this house.
Therefore, her alibi has collapsed.
It was all a clever trick to hide the real crime scene.
He invited Ms. Yamazaki in before opening the cafeteria,
made her breathe something to put her to sleep
and worked here from 7:00 to 5:30 on 10:00 to fabricate an alibi.
to fabricate an alibi.
At around 8 o'clock, she came out from behind the counter for 5 minutes....
pretending he was going to the bathroom.
He put on Miss Yamazaki's shoes..,
who was unconscious,
and threw her from the second floor into the garden..,
where he had built the margin with the bricks from the civic center.
Then, a primrose petal stuck to her clothes.
Then he hid the corpse in the trunk of the car and,
when the cafeteria closed, he took the body to the civic center.
This morning he heard me talking to the children
and he knew that we were planning to do a night patrol.
He thought that if he moved the body before we arrived, we could confirm his alibi,
we could confirm his alibi.
Everything he said from the beginning
exists only in his imagination!
You do not have any evidence to incriminate me, do you!
In your garden there will still be the bricks
that you have taken from the civic center.
(Conan voice) Yes!
Go ahead, Conan.
Apa!
You were right, Mr. Mouri.
There's a bucket full of bricks.
(Kogoro's voice) After moving the body,
she had to go to the police station for questioning,
and she didn't have time to come and get rid of the evidence.
If we analyze the bricks, we are sure to find traces...

of Ms. Yamazaki's murder.
From here on, it's just a hypothesis,
but the one responsible for the embezzlement in the accounts is you, isn't it?
Miss Yamazaki must have been about to find out and it bothered her.
That's right, I have a lot of debts.
And I didn't make enough money working in the cafeteria at night.
I stole money from the civic center.
Yamazaki found me out
and threatened to fire me if it came out.
That's why... that's why... I had to...
(SOMICA)
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Viva!
My brick has appeared safe and sound!
What did you draw, in Genta, to your brick?
To see?
Show us.
-He wants to see?
Tatxan!
-Have you already guessed it?
-Huh?
Don't tell me this is...?
Yes, eel rice!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha-ha!"
(Both) Again?!
Your passion for eel rice
is stronger than any brick.
I know my big sister would never have committed suicide!
If you saw it yourself, why do you think she didn't commit suicide?
Woman, I don't know what to tell you.
And they work together at the same academy.
That's why I refuse to believe that what I saw was a suicide!
I'll have to do it to convince that girl
and try to get her to let it go.
Ha-ha!
It's part of my job.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
"'The window of the girls' academy'."

