"One weekend morning we decided to go as a whole group to Beika's neighborhood
to Beika's neighborhood to do our plastic arts homework."
-Don't tell me it's...?
-Oh.
Have you seen it?
There's no doubt about it.
Oh, of course it is.
It's an Adamsky-type UFO.
Calm down, eh?
So they did exist!
Conan, look.
Check it out.
Come on, let's go.
But how can it be!?
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A crashed UFO by the river."
"What secrets does the victim hide? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"Unbelievable! A crashed UFO."
- (man) Inspector Takagi!
-It's very strange.
(man) Oh!
It's you guys!
Hey, but what are you doing!?
You can't let children into the crime scene.
I let them in because they told me they were friends of yours.
Oh, yes, they are my friends, but still...
(Mitsuhiko) What bad luck he's had, this man.
That he was crushed by a UFO
that came crashing down here from so far away, god-hay-do.
Eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh!
You can't stay here, children!
-Eh?
No, we haven't found any...
-Have you found the crewman of the UFO?
-He must have escaped.
-I mean...
So it's a case of hit-and-run, because he's gone to Earth.
-But it's not exactly that.
-Exactly.
Right?
Inspector Takagi...
Doesn't it look like the lapel of your jacket pocket
the lapel of your jacket pocket?
Yes.
It's like it's been ripped off with a hook or something.
How about letting me breathe a little, Conan?
He's wearing a very flashy outfit.
-Ah... -Ah...
-Do we know who he was?
Yes, yes, of course we know.
The victim is Mr. Osamu Iwabuchi, 22 years old,
resident of the Beika neighborhood.
The estimated time of death is around 1:00 a.m. last night.
The cause of death is double crushing by a UFO.
And we have no further information at this time.
Now please go away.
Did you say she was crushed twice?
It's just that the wounds on the body
indicate that it has received two impacts.
From the preliminary examination of the corpse they have deduced
that the injuries from the first one have already caused her death.
If Inspector Megure finds out that I told you anything, I'll be in trouble.
I've been looking for you everywhere!
My flying saucer!
-No idea.
-Who... who is this? -Who is this?
I've searched and searched everywhere for you.
My flying saucer!
(Cries)
Hey, what are you doing?
Please get down from here right now.
I want it back, it's mine.
Co-how?
You want it back?
What do you mean by that?
That's what I said.
It's mine.
I am Professor Shozo Konuma, Ph.
D. in Physical Sciences.
I've been working alone for more than 30 years
on this!
I have devoted all my energies to building this flying saucer.
What?
This flying saucer hasn't flown in from space?
That's exactly right.
It came from my laboratory, which is next door.
But it's not even finished, I don't understand how it could have flown here.
It's very strange.
To finance the flying saucer project
I work at night in a supermarket.
This morning, when I came home from work,
I found that it had disappeared.
And now it turns out to be here.
As you said yourself, the flying saucer is not finished,
it doesn't work, and, therefore, it couldn't fly.
Listen to me.
What are you saying?
Wasn't that crane truck in front of the laboratory last night?
Yes, of course it was.
And the truth is that I always leave the keys in there
so I don't have to waste time looking for them.

Well then, what happened is very clear.
The UFO did not fly by itself, it is obvious,
but someone has transported it here with the crane truck.
Of course.
Yes, if you think about it, it's the most logical thing to do.
I had been so excited about the UFO...
But if the flying saucer couldn't fly,
then how do you explain that it ended up crushing this poor man?
What?
That my flying saucer has crushed a person?
That's right.
And, as cops, we consider it a homicide.
-That's right.
-A... a homicide?
Surely the culprit made it look good for him
to knock Mr. Iwabuchi unconscious...
and then left her here on the river bank.
"And then he dropped the flying saucer on him
that he transported with the crane truck."
-My God!
-And that last one, twice.
But there's one thing I don't quite understand.
Why did he bother to use a flying saucer as a murder weapon?
Yeah, we're not clear on that either.
But now, Mr. Konuma,
if you'd be so kind, you should accompany us to your laboratory.
Yes, of course, with pleasure.
But will you turn the flying saucer back to me?
We're very sorry, but we can't, it's a material test.
I was thinking about it.
And you have to leave the case in the hands of the police, right?
Yes.
We have to go because we have to do our homework at school.
-Good luck.
Good luck with the case.
Bye. Bye-bye.
Oh... They listen to me.
(Genta) You can make a flying saucer in a place like this?
(Genta) It's true.
(Genta) What do you mean?
(Genta) Eh?
What are you doing here?
We came to draw the lab to do our homework for school.
Ah.
Got it.
It looks so wacky on the outside
to keep anyone from coming in and revealing the secrets it hides.
And I'm sure it's full of weird machines inside,
supercomputers and all that kind of stuff, right?
Come on in, guys!
Let's have a look, come on.
Yes!
The truth is that I don't see it so clearly, all this.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Here we are.
There's my lab.
Come on, we should start looking for clues to the culprit.
-Yeah. -Yeah.
-You don't think so?
Yeah, let's go.
Can you tell me where he had it, the flying saucer?
Yes, he had it hanging there on the ceiling.
So, when you looked at it, it gave the impression that it was flying.
(thinks) "It was hanging on the ceiling."
The wire is pretty rusty.
It must have broken when the culprit wanted to take it with him.
As it is, it could have broken by itself.
(Mitsuhiko) Takagi.
(Mitsuhiko) Look.
I found this.
It's not mine, this hat.
I thought so.
There's a name written on the inside.
Mannen.
Mannen?
Doesn't ring a bell, this name.
-Yes, the culprit's name is Mannen. -Yes, the culprit's name is Mannen.
-It's the culprit's hat.
Conan.
Look here.
Yes.
Eh?
Is this...?
"The flap from the victim's pocket."
Well, I'm sure it wasn't there yesterday, because I would have seen it.
This means that it was not only this end Mannen, here,
but also the murder victim, Mr. Iwabuchi.
And I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them came in together.
Chiba!
According to what I have been able to investigate,
the Iwabuchi and this one, in Mannen, were thick as thieves.
What?
-Yes.
-This is the victim, the Iwabuchi?
And the other one, the tall one,
who's dressed the same, is the Iwabuchi's partner, in Sadao Mannen.
Mannen?
And I also know that they had dinner together yesterday.
Don't suffer, my good man,
tomorrow we'll pay the bill to the last yen.
-Oh, so much.
-Won't we, Buchi?
Because we'll be collecting a pretty penny soon.
One possibility is that yesterday this laboratory was broken into
into this lab yesterday looking for valuables.
But one thing puzzles me:
Why would he have had to kill his soulmate, in Mannen?
Other than that,
don't you find it rather improbable that these two
would sneak into a place like this to make money?
(Takagi) That's true.
No offense, but there doesn't seem to be anything of value here.
(Takagi) Of course.
There's that scroll over there.
I acquired it last month.
It's the work of a very famous calligrapher and it cost me 50,000 yen.
50,000 yen?
It had an inscription very appropriate for me

and I got it sold to me at a very good price.
I was sold by a Mr. Okura.
-Okura, you say?
You mean Kinji Okura?
-Yeah.
I didn't mean to offend you before.
Mm?
Well yes, this one.
-Yes.
-At Kinji Okura he's a loan shark, right?
At Mannen and Iwabuchi worked for him as debt collectors.
They collected unpaid debts.
So they were Okura's hitmen?
Takagi, how come you're making such a fuss about this Okura end?
Ah, because he is being investigated for tax evasion.
"They suspect the existence of hidden valuables
worth hundreds of millions of yen."
"Earlier this month, they searched his office by court order,"
but they did not locate them."
The search was a failure, they found nothing at all.
I had no idea that Mr. Okura was such a man.
A real shark.
Always bragging that what isn't millions of yen is nothing to him.
(Shinichi voice) Yes, he is.
How strange!
It doesn't make any sense to me
that he sold a calligraphy by a well-known artist for 50,000 yen.
Then maybe it was the Okura
that ordered his two hitmen to come in here yesterday.
No, no, that's impossible, because the Okura was out of circulation.
He was killed a few days ago in a traffic accident.
(Conan voice) What?
(Conan voice) But it's obvious that it's related to this case.
Two of his henchmen have broken into the house of the man
to whom he had sold the roll with the calligraphy,
it can't be a coincidence.
-Shall we continue investigating here?
-No, it can't be a coincidence.
Mannen and the Iwabuchi were the Okura's deathbed,
at the Beika hospital.
Maybe he told them something about the roll.
(Takagi) Yes, we have to look into it.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You want information about Mr. Okura, who died here, right?
Do you remember if he talked to the friends who came to see him?
Unfortunately, this man was unconscious...
most of the time we had him in here.
But he did say something a little strange before he died.
What-what do you want to tell us, boss?
Oni...
It was the last thing he said before he died.
- (cell phone ringing)
- "Oni"?
He said "oni"?
-Ah.
He must have meant "UFO."
-Excuse me.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me, I have an emergency.
Okay, I'll be right back.
Thank you very much, doctor.
(Mitsuhiko) He must have meant the scroll with the calligraphy.
What are you doing here?
Maybe it was a fake scroll and, before he died,
he regretted having sold it to the professor.
-Yes.
-It could be.
I doubt very much that this man regretted anything.
Something, Chiba.
The Okura liked a lot of money, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
Then wouldn't it make sense that in his last words...
...he was referring to this subject?
Even though they were sure that the Okura was hiding valuables
that represented a lot of money,
they were unable to find them in their offices.
That's right.
And they also searched his house, without success.
And that was earlier this month, right?
And, as I understand it, a bit earlier, at the end of last month,
the Okura had sold the roll with the calligraphy to the Konuma.
And what do you mean?
A person like him,
who said that if it wasn't millions of yen it was nothing,
how come he bothered to sell that to earn 50,000 yen?
He shouldn't have sold it for money, but for another purpose.
-With another purpose?
-What?
A normal person wouldn't keep anything of value in that laboratory.
And that's why no thief would break in.
Of course they wouldn't.
The Okura sold the scroll to the professor
so he could hide his valuables in the lab.
That way the IRS couldn't find them
no matter how thoroughly they searched his offices or house.
And as a temporary hiding place it was also very good,
because no thief would ever think of breaking into that laboratory.
He didn't care
if he had sold the roll with the calligraphy at a bargain price.
What he wanted was to have a good place to hide his treasure.
Of course.
And as for the last words the Okura said before he died?
Oni.
He couldn't have been referring to anything but in the UFO lab.
And the Mannen and the Iwabuchi thought
that he was telling them where the hiding place of their treasure was.

And that's why they both snuck into the lab yesterday to find it.
As friendly as they were, greed was stronger than friendship:
they did not want to share the treasure of the Okura
and Mannen ended up killing his partner Iwabuchi.
So you think that's what happened?
With this explanation it all fits, doesn't it?
Eh?
But you mean we didn't leave anything out?
Maybe we did.
Yes.
Eh?
Okay, we understand.
What's up, Chiba?
They were from the Beika police, to inform us about Mannen.
They found out that this man has a lot of debts,
he's up to his neck in water.
There are all kinds of gangsters chasing him to make him pay, but they haven't caught him.
But if they had found the Okura's treasure yesterday,
wouldn't he have paid to be left alone?
Therefore, we should deduce that they have been looking for it but have not found it.
This I think.
But then...
Our theory that Iwabuchi died in Mannen
to keep all the treasure for himself does not hold water.
"If Iwabuchi had no reason to kill Iwabuchi in Mannen,
then who was the one who crushed her with the UFO?"
"Sure!"
Something.
It is very strange, what he has done in Mannen, he does not find?
Why did he stop looking for the treasure of the Okura
if he had all night to find it?
But why do you say so, he had all night?
The culprit of the death of the Iwabuchi
has moved the UFO around one o'clock.
Oh, yes, it's true.
Perhaps there has been an unforeseen event
that has forced him to abandon the search for the treasure of the Okura.
A totally unpredictable event.
For example...
Something that was not expected.
I don't know if the fact that he left has to do with the cable from the ceiling
that was holding the UFO, which is broken.
A cable has broken?
Yes, one of those holding the UFO on the roof, which was rusted.
In addition, there is something very strange in this case,
and that is that the UFO has not crushed the Iwabuchi once, but twice.
It died as a result of the first impact,
but then it received another one.
An unforeseen circumstance,
the broken rusty cable, crushed twice...
And also that which we were talking about just now,
that Mannen had no motive to kill his friend Iwabuchi.
Probably.
So you think it went like this?
I got it!
Iwabuchi's death was probably accidental.
Of course it was.
What do you mean?
Now it turns out it wasn't a homicide?
I don't know, but what is clear...
is that the Iwabuchi's hidden treasure is still the laboratory.
It seems to me that at this point it's time to go back to the lab.
You should go home.
It's just that we left all the drawing stuff there.
Oh, my.
(Genta) How many boxes would it take to hold a few million yen?
-It could be gold bullion.
-It might not be banknotes.
I don't mind if they look around here for whatever they want.
But when would Mr. Okura have hidden it?
It's never been in the lab;
not once.
-What?
-What?
He had never come?
Not even when you sold him the roll with the calligraphy?
No, I didn't.
Because I was the one who went to his house to buy it.
I've heard rumors that he's building a flying saucer in his lab.
I'd have a guilty conscience if I didn't sell him this scroll yourself.
It's as if it was written with me in mind.
Do you think so too?
Yes, you must have.
I'll let you have it for only 50,000 yen.
And that's how I got it.
And the Okura didn't come even once?
Well, it is very likely that there is none, of treasure, here.
But then the last word of the Okura before it died, "UFO",
did not refer to the site
Wow, so that pair made a mistake, sneaking in here, yesterday.
"But why did he sell the roll, the Okura, to in Konuma?"
"And made him go home. I see no explanation."
"Sure, that's it!"
I see you've already come up with an explanation.
In any case, what is clear is that en Mannen will be back tonight
to continue looking for the treasure he didn't find yesterday.
No.
I don't think I'll have the patience to wait until tonight.
If I do not return the debt at once,
I have drunk oil.
There is no one.
How fortunate!
(Takagi) Mr. Mannen, right?
You snuck in here last night too, didn't you?

Along with his partner, Mr. Iwabuchi.
They came to take the treasure trove of his head, Mr. Okura.
But then something totally unexpected happened.
The treasure must be hidden in this laboratory.
-From what my boss said, this is where the UFO must be.
Oh!
Oysters, the pocket!
It doesn't matter.
If we find the treasure, you get a new dress.
Sure, I guess you're right.
I guess you're right.
-What happened? -What happened?
- (rumbling)
Buchi.
Did you hurt yourself, Buchi?
Buchiiiiiii!
The UFO crushed him.
He died on the spot.
I knew that the cable was rusty.
He wanted to buy a new one with next month's salary.
It was all an unfortunate accident.
That's why you had to leave the treasure hunt half done.
And you couldn't leave the corpse under the UFO here in the lab either.
Because then the police would have been looking for evidence in here.
If they had found the dead Iwabuchi here,
he would have been the prime suspect, because they had seen them at dinner together.
Besides, if the police had discovered the treasure...
by rummaging through the lab, everything would have gone down the drain.
And he devised a plan to prevent the police from coming here.
"In the early hours of the morning he moved the flying saucer and the body...
"Down to the river bank with the crane truck
because it seemed that the Iwabuchi had died there."
And in this way he drove the police away from the laboratory.
I thought they would assume that he had been crushed to death by the UFO,
that the UFO had crashed precisely where he was.
But there were much simpler ways
to direct the attention of the police away from this lab,
like leaving the body somewhere much more discreet and hidden.
He's right.
That way, it would have taken the police several days to find the body.
-Huh?
-I wanted them to find it!
He had to bury her well, didn't he, poor man?
He couldn't leave Buchi to rot.
But all this he's done is illegal.
He's broken a whole bunch of different laws.
He broke into the laboratory without permission.
And in the wee hours of the morning he's taken the Iwabuchi's corpse.
Not to mention the flying saucer, which he also took.
It's true.
I admit it.
-Yes. -Yes.
-Let's go.
Listen, in case you're curious..,
the treasure was all jewels
that were hidden in the handle of the scroll with the calligraphy.
The last word that the Okura had pronounced before dying
did not refer to a UFO, but to the message on the scroll.
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Guys, take your stuff, I'll take you home with the car.
-Drawing stuff?
-Eh?
Ah!
We forgot to do our homework!
It could be a treasure.
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
Eh?
"Oops, it's one of the rings from the mystery train!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The shadow that looms over the secret of the Ai, (part one)."

