Mm?
Here, this one's for you.
"The Mystery Train... Special Ring"?
Yes, it's the pass to get on the Bell Tree Express next week.
It arrived this morning at Dr. Agasa's house.
If you show this ring to the conductor..,
he'll read it, know who you are and let you on.
Ah.
They say it's powered by a steam locomotive,
and they've made an identical reproduction of the Orient Express.
I just hope there's no crime, like the Agatha Christie novel.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Of course there won't be any."
(Conan voice) Now that I notice, you've put on the ring too.
Yes, before you arrived at Dr. Agasa's house,
we all put on the ring to take pictures.
When we get to the camping area,
we'll take another picture with Conan.
Don't put it on too soon.
What will happen if you lose them?
Atxum!
I don't know.
You have a cold?
Maybe he has entrusted it to me in Kogoro, last night I was coughing a lot.
Well less... put on a mask, right?
I didn't bring one.
Oh, well..., take this I'll give you.
You'll see how it'll take effect right away.
What was the cold...?
(Shinichi voice) Hey, isn't this...?
Here, this is for the cold.
Hey, wasn't that pill...?
Yes, the antidote to Apotoxin 4869.
I always carry some on me, in case there's an emergency.
Well, woman, take one for me too, no? just in case.
Yes, man!
We already know each other.
You would use the antidote to grow every now and then.
Hey, what are you doing?!
Come on, woman, join me.
Since in doors, it doesn't cost you anything, right?
Ah!
You pervert!
-How dare you assault a little girl!
-What are you doing, Conan?
(Conan voice) Me?
No... it's not true, she assaulted me.
(Shinichi, thinks) How can she be so...?!
Ah...
Oh, here we are!
- (all) Yes!
-Preparats for the camping trip?
A... atxum!
Ouch...
(Shinichi's voice) "To find the perfect solution
you have to crack all the codes."
"Bourbon finally makes a move?"
"There are three shadows looming over me and Ay."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan."
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "The shadow that hovers over the secret of the Ai"
(First part) ".
Eh?
Conan has gone camping?
How nice, isn't it?
They said they would go to a camping area in Gunma.
In it every month, I don't know how they don't get tired.
If they went to Gunma, maybe they will go up to Mount Fuyun.
There are beautiful hydrangeas growing there.
They told me that they will send the photos they take on my computer.
I will show them to you as soon as I receive them.
- (cell phone)
-Yes, please!
Thank you.
Oh, it's Masumi.
(Mobile)
Hello, Masumi, like this?
Yes...
Eh?
Yesterday I told you that Conan went camping, didn't I?
Yes, exactly, with Dr. Agasa's Beetle.
It's yellow.
But why do you ask me?
I don't believe it.
How can it be that Dr. Agasa has organized a camping trip
and didn't bring anything to eat?
Don't worry, he and Conan have gone to buy everything we need...
in a store nearby.
Come on, you can pitch your tent,
we'll have to go get some firewood later.
Hey, stop!
Wait a minute, wait a minute...
From here to here is our territory....
You can't pass without permission.
Don't get angry, Genta, the camping area is for everyone,
be nicer, man.
From here on it's private territory and you don't have to enter for nothing.
(Alas, he thinks) "Why should I say so?"
"It was just a warning to keep my hands to myself?"

"Or... was it because I resigned myself to stay as I am....
and not face up to it at any time?"
(Agasa) I've already found them!
As expected in a store like this,
they have everything you need for camping.
(Shinichi voice) I'll pick up some rice while I'm at it.
Genta is always complaining about going hungry.
Then maybe I should buy a couple more lunch boxes, right?
Maybe yes...
But remember that Ay will be in charge of serving you.
Ah, then I have a "rice" problem.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh, mother..."
(Woman) I'd rather eat bread than rice.
(Conan voice) Ma-Masumi!
What a surprise!
Hello.
Gee, what are you doing here?
I was passing by on my motorcycle
and I decided to go see the hydrangeas in Gunma.
Then I felt like it and I saw the store...
I came in and found you.
What a coincidence, isn't it?
Ah...!
But I see... you buy a lot of things, don't you?
Yes, for lunch and dinner today and for breakfast tomorrow.
Because you sure didn't bring anything for me, did you?
(Shinichi, think) "You mean you'll be camping with us?"
-What?
-Hey, Genta.
We've got enough, of firewood, for today, right?
-All right.
-Let's go back to the tent, shall we.
Besides, there's a sign here that says: "Danger, snakes".
There are snakes?
Hey, can't you feel it?
Come on, hurry up!
Looks like someone is digging a hole.
-It could be a treasure!
-A hole?
If we're not going to see it we won't know.
-He's burying it!
-It's... it's a woman!
- (all: call out)
-Let's play two!
They've seen me, they've seen me, they've seen me!
Conan, listen to me well!
(Answering machine: woman) "The number you have dialed is switched off..."
(Oh, she thinks) "How can that be? Just now!"
-Mm?
-Mm?
There's no one there.
Maybe they've gone to the forest to get some firewood.
(Shinichi, thinks) "So he'll stay with us."
"I don't seem to have a choice, I'll make a call to Ay."
"Gee, I don't have a battery!"
If you don't have a battery, do you want to use my?
It's the same model as yours.
You're flying to call that girl named Ay, right?
(Conan's voice) No, no need, thanks...
I can use Dr. Agasa's.
Can't I?
I tried to call her with the cell phone I had in my backpack,
but so far it doesn't make any signal.
Maybe there's not much coverage in this area.
So why don't we go look for them?
Surely you know where they went to get firewood, don't you, Conan?
Aaa... yes.
Ah!
Ayumi, did you hurt yourself?
-(Ayumi) Hang in there.
- (Ayumi) I can't run anymore!
(Ayumi) Ah!
Hey, look, there's a hut over there!
Well the best thing to do right now is to hide them.
Yes.
(Ayumi) -Yes...
-Can you get up?
Come on, take me.
-Come on, let's go.
-(Mitsuhiko) Yes.
(Mitsuhiko) When we get to the hut, you can rest.
(Ayumi) Thanks for helping me.
(Agasa) Guys, where do I get paid?!
Hey!
If it's that way, please answer!
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow! It's one of the rings from the mystery train."
"This means they've passed this way."
Hey, how strange!
What are they doing, these policemen, here on the mountain?
What happened?
A dead body?
-We received a call a while ago.
-Hello, excuse me.
What happened?
When we arrived we found the corpse.
What kind of call?
They said: "There's a man who buried a woman...
near the sign 'Danger, snakes', and now he's chasing us".
Eh ?!
It was a girl's voice.
-Oh!
-Ah!
We'll hide here for now, but I don't know... if we're safe at all.
Yes, the door is locked tight.
I don't think anything will happen to us in here.
There's nothing to worry about.
Well, I'll see if there's another entrance.
What's the matter? What's going on?
Don't tell me he hasn't been able to contact Conan yet.
No... Besides, there's no reception here at all.
By the way, it looks like someone came before us, here.
-I deduced it from the backpacks. -Huh?
-Eh?
It must have been a couple.

Is there another door, or what?
No, I think... this is the only entrance.
- (thumping)
-Ah!
-It was nothing.
-What happened to you?
Answer me!
The floor is wet and I slipped.
Ah, aaah!
Aaah!
(Genta) It can't be!
That woman we saw... she was killed here!
Well, if this is true, it is most likely that the murderer...
wants to return to the place where he has committed... this horrible crime.
Do... then we must flee at once.
You're right, you're right.
Ayumi, Ay, we're leaving!
Maybe it's that man dressed in black who found us!
-Let's not be hasty, maybe it's nothing.
-What?!
Maybe it's someone who's been hiking around here and sensed us.
I'm sure... the person on the other side...
is the murderer who was burying that corpse.
Probably the black backpack is his....
He came here with that woman we saw him bury..,
and killed her.
But don't worry.
The only way to get in here is through this door.
- (all) Yes.
We'll wait until help arrives.
-I just got the chills.
-What's wrong?
What are you shivering?
Conan must have entrusted me with the cold.
(Man) Let's see, let's see, let's go by parts...
A couple of hours ago
we received a call saying that there was a very strange man...
that he was burying a woman near the "Danger, snakes" sign,
and that the man had been chasing people who had seen him.
When we got here we found the body of this woman.
And, from what I understand, the girl who is called is a friend of yours, right, Conan?
Yes.
I've called her a lot of times but she doesn't answer.
Eagerly, have them look for her, it's urgent.
The investigation team has been looking for them for a long time.
It's a complicated area and it may take a while to locate them.
-But don't worry!
-Oh, it can't be!
For the Gunma Prefectural Police,
the Mount Fuyun area is like our home garden.
I'm sure we will soon find both the boys and the murderer.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now I don't know whether we should worry or not."
Well, in the meantime...
maybe we should take the opportunity to identify the victim, right?
Eh?
From cadaveric lividity and "rigor mortis"...
she's been dead about 5 or 6 hours.
She's been stabbed in the back with a weapon, probably an axe.
Although she did not die here, it seems that she was still breathing...
when she was put in the sack.
There are signs that indicate
that she moved her bloody hands in the sack.
Eeeh!
Who the hell are you?
Excuse me, my name is Masumi Sera, I'm a detective and a friend of Conan.
Aaa... yes.
Isn't it?
I don't care, I'm a detective, but you shouldn't do this.
You can't touch a corpse without authorization.
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
If apologies would solve everything, there would be no need for the police.
What's that?
Has the body been identified?
He didn't have any documents on him.
What?
Maybe she was a kindergarten teacher.
Look closely, she has both knees full of blue, see?
Kindergarten teachers kneel down all the time
to talk to their students.
Yeah, but I don't know if that's reason enough to conclude...
that she is a teacher.
There are sports that use the knees a lot.
If she were an athlete she would have marks on other parts of her body,
such as elbows or hands...
If she sat on her knees for a long time
he would also have marks on his shins and on the top of his feet.
Also, if you look at his hair, it is very straight,
but on the sides it is unusually smooth.
Although he has long hair,
the whole back of her neck is brown.
This means that she usually had two tails.
And, from the skin, we know that she spent long periods in the sun.
From the features she looks to be in her early 30s.
But then, why did she wear such a childish hairstyle?
So it is likely that she was a kindergarten teacher,
who played with the pupils outdoors and took them on excursions.
Yes, that's true.
I'll see if anyone with this profile
of any person with this profile...
If it's from another prefecture, it will take a little longer.
Do you want a clue about the killer?

I think those footprints are from when I was digging the hole.
It's a little difficult to distinguish the pattern of the sole,
but at least we can tell the length, right?
26 centimeters, that's a size 42.
On the ground, next to the body, there's a shovel.
But I don't think we found any prints.
If he dumped her like that,
he was most likely wearing some kind of digging gloves.
In other words,
the only clue we have is that the culprit is wearing a size 42.
The C.S.U. guys will give us more information.
-Huh?
-But what does it say?
Look closer!
Look at his hands...
Yes, I can see that.
It's not a natural posture.
What do you mean?
Sign language?
I don't know, but from these bloodstains...
It's possible that, just before he died,
he put his hands in this particular way as a desperate gesture.
"O" and "ka"?
No...
Two and three..., two and three?
Two and three...?
Ah!
I got it, of "oysters"!
- (both, think) "But what's he saying?!"
-The murderer is an oyster merchant!
Inspector Yamamura, we have news from the rescue team.
They have found 3 disoriented men who were just walking around the mountain.
They said they would lead them here themselves.
-But what about the boys?
-Oh!
Didn't the boys see the place?
When they found these men, the boys were not there?
-All right. -I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry, they didn't tell us anything.
It's been two hours at least since you've come.
And you can't hear anything outside now.
Maybe he got tired of waiting for us to come out and left.
To be on the safe side, I'll go outside for a moment and see what.
No!
Maybe he's ambushed us and is just making it look like he's gone.
-People, wait a minute!
-Be quiet, I'll just open up a little bit. -Oh, are you all right?
-Oh, are you all right?
-Ehem!
Ahem!
-I'm fine.
-Oh!
You're a lot, aren't you?
Please stop at Genta.
Don't let her open the door.
Yes, but...
-What-what do you see?
Is someone there?
-It's too late.
I don't think anyone's here.
All right, we're clear!
-What's going on? -What's wrong?
What's this?
- (string: whistles)
Oh!
We're trapped!
He's put a chain on the door and now we can't get out!
We're locked in!
Someone has put a lock on the door, Ai.
Don't you smell... burning, do you?
Well, now that you mention it, I do.
It can't be!
The cabin's on fire!
Run, try to open the window!
It's impossible!
It's blocked with nails.
- (Oh, he thinks) "Now I understand..."
-What are you saying?
He can't open it?
"First he wanted to lock it here and he set fire to the hut
to make his death look like an accident."
Ahem!
Ahem!
(Oh, he thinks) "But she was supposed to find out everything....,
and killed her with the axe."
"But if they found the body in the ashes...
"They'd see the axe wound, that's why....
"He must have decided to bury her near the 'Danger, snakes' sign,
so that people wouldn't go near it."
-Ostras!
-We have to get out of here any way we can!
This door won't budge in the slightest!
What can we do?
We don't have enough strength to pull it ashore.
Ahem!
Ahem!
Don't get nervous, calm down.
Ahem!
I'm sure someone will see the smoke and come to save us, you'll see.
(Oh, he thinks) "Won't they, Kudo?"
Mm?
What's that smoke?
Eh!
Did you see that smoke over there?
It's a bit far away, but what could it be?
Eh?
Ah!
I see it, yes.
It must be someone who has made a field fire.
Look, there's another one.
They've been making a lot of them lately, it's become fashionable among young people.
They make campfires and organize parties during the day.
We warn them that it is not allowed,
but, no matter how much we insist, there's nothing to be done.
-Huh?
-Inspector Yamamura...
These are the 3 men that the rescue team found.
Ah, yes... Good job.
Tell me their names, their jobs and, above all,
what is the reason for your presence here.
My name is Hayamichi Yonezumi, I am a freelancer.
I just came to see the camping area,
because I'm planning to come next week with some friends.
My name is Chozo Usagi and I am a photographer.
I am a big fan of landscape photography.

in the camping areas all over Japan.
I have also come to take pictures with my cell phone
of Japanese azaleas, because they bloom at this time of the year.
They make orange flowers and I want to post them on my blog.
My name is Takeya Iwakuma, and I study at Beika University.
But I see... everyone is wearing very light clothes.
I just came to see the area.
I've also come to have a look around...
I have the camera and all the equipment in the car.
I... I just... I thought I'd stay a while.
Nothing, I'm still not getting it.
How's it going?
I'm surprised, because Ay would probably be looking for a place with coverage.
If they can't get in touch with us
because the killer is still chasing them,
it means it's not any of these 3 men.
Or maybe..., I don't even want to think about it,
but maybe the killer... is already dead to them,
and then it could have been one of these 3.
Or maybe they are still alive but can't move from where they are.
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
(All: cough)
No... it can't be that the killer is back!
(Squealing)
It's worrying.
The nanos' detective badges all went to the store.
We have to find them before it gets dark.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Now I get it!"
(Masumi, thinks) "I got it!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
"A shadow looms over the secret of the Ai (Part Two)"."

