"El Ay, the members of the Junior Detective League and myself
have gone camping with Dr. Agasa's Beetle."
"Dr. Agasa and I have gone food shopping,
because he had neglected it."
"In the tent we met Masumi Sera,
who has decided to stay and camp with us."
"Meanwhile, the Ai and the members of the Junior Detective League...
"They went to the forest to look for firewood
and came across a man who was burying a woman's body."
-He was burying...
-I-it's a woman...
Eh?
Let's play two!
"The Ai and the others start to run to get away
and try to contact me."
"In the end they decide to hide in a cabin in the woods."
Is there another door or what?
No, it seems to me that... this is the only entrance.
Ah!
What happened to you?
Answer me!
It's nothing.
The floor is wet and I slipped.
Aaah!
Aaah!
(Genta) It can't be.
That woman that we have seen has been killed here.
Well, if this is true, it is most likely that the murderer...
wants to return to the place where he committed... this horrible crime.
Eh?
-You're right. -You're right.
Then we have to run away at once.
"Then we found Inspector Yamamura and his agents..,
who have been alerted by a call from Ay."
"They find 3 suspects in the forest. Maybe one of them is the killer."
We're trapped!
He's put a chain on the door and now we can't get out!
Oh!
We're locked, someone has put a padlock on the door, Oh!
Ah... Don't you smell something burning, do you?
Do you?
Well, now that you mention it, I do.
It can't be.
The cabin is burning!
We've got to get the hell out of here.
Oh, man.
This door won't move at all.
What can we do?
We don't have enough strength to pull it ashore.
(coughs)
Don't be nervous, relax.
I'm sure someone will see the smoke and come to save us, you'll see.
(Thinking) "Won't they, Kudo?"
Oh!
What's that smoke?
Hey, hey!
Did you see that smoke over there?
It's a bit far away, but what could it be?
Ah... I can see it, yes.
It must be someone who's built a campfire.
Look, there's another one.
They've been making a lot of them lately, it's become fashionable among young people.
They make campfires and organize parties during the day.
-Eh?
-Inspector Yamamura.
These are the 3 men the rescue team found.
Oh, oh, yes.
(Tosa) Good job.
(Tosa)
(Coughs)
(coughing)
(coughing)
(Cough)
(Coughing)
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A dark shadow looms over the Woe. The truth is always eventually known."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he is Detective Conan."
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu.
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau.
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"A shadow looms over the secret of the Ai (part two)."
Tell me what your names are, what job you have.....
and, above all, what is the reason for your presence here.
My name is Hayamichi Yonezumi, I am a freelancer.
I just came to see the camping area,
because I'm planning to come next week with a group of friends.
My name is Chozo Usagi and I am a photographer.
I am a big fan
I am a big fan of taking landscape photos in the camping areas all over Japan.
I have also come to take photos with my cell phone....
of Japanese azaleas, because they are in bloom at this time of year.
They make orange flowers and I want to post them on my blog.
My name is Takeya Iwakuma and I study at Beika University.
But I see that all three of you are wearing very light clothes.
I just came to see the area.
I also came to have a look around.
I have the camera and all the equipment in the car.
I... I just... I thought I'd stay for a while.
Ah.
Nothing, he's still not picking up.
How's it going?

It's strange to me, because Ay would surely be looking for somewhere with coverage.
If they can't get in touch with us
because the killer is still chasing them
means it's none of these 3 men.
Or maybe...
I don't even want to think about it, but maybe the killer... is already dead to them,
and then it really could have been one of those three.
Or maybe they're still alive, but they can't move from where they are.
Hm.
- (Ai) We have to hold on no matter what.
- (coughing)
Stay low to the ground so you don't breathe in the smoke.
I'm sure they're coming to save us.
Yes, yes, but... when will they arrive?
Look!
There's another column of smoke over there.
-No!
-It must be someone building a fire.
Then our smoke won't miss them at all and no one will come.
No!
(He thinks) "I have no choice. I have to do it."
Eh?
All three of you are size 42?
-Yes.
-Really?
-And why are you so interested?
-The size we wear, you mean?
(Thinking, Shinichi sees) "Oops!"
"If the killer is one of these 3, the sooner we know who it is, the better."
"Then it will be easier to locate our friends."
Worrying.
The nanos' detective badges were all to the store.
We should help the rescue team look for them.
If we go looking for them aimlessly we'll all end up lost in the woods.
We should let the rescue team do their job,
they know the mountain well.
But the sun is already starting to set,
look how our shadows are lengthening.
We have to find them before it gets dark.
"Shadow..."
"Now I get it."
"I got it."
(Breathing heavily)
-Don't give up....
-Ayumi!
Ayumi, wake up!
Genta!
We must bring Ayumi closer to the door so that she can breathe the air outside.
-Come on, get up.
-All right.
Hold on, Ayumi!
Soon you'll be able to breathe fresh air.
That's it.
Breathe the air outside, Ayumi.
-Hold on, Ayumi, hold on! -Hold on!
-You're getting better, aren't you? -You're getting better, aren't you?
Ayumi!
Wake up, please!
Ayumi!
What was that noise?
What was that noise?
It sounds like the door has opened.
It can't be.
There's no one else here.
What?
No... it can't be that the killer came back.
(Breathing heavily)
(Breathing heavily)
-Ah!
-Ah!
Ah! (Breathes heavily)
Ah!
Iaaah!
Hey, it's about time you told us what the hell is going on here, isn't it?
We'd be very grateful if you'd tell us.
I can't stay here forever, here.
Yeah, I've got things to do too.
Hm... Well, if you want to know the truth,
we've found a woman's body half buried nearby,
and we still haven't been able to apprehend the person responsible for the crime.
Eh ?!
That's why, when we saw the three of you walking around alone on the mountain,
we decided to take you here.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Would you mind showing me your hands?
-But why?
-Huh?
I noticed that Mr. Yonezumi and Mr. Iwakuma
have only used their left hands,
and you, Mr. Usagi, have only used your right hand.
And I thought that maybe they have a wound in the other hand
and that's why they're hiding it in their pocket.
Wow...
Me, if I only used my left hand, it's because I'm left-handed.
I don't have a wound on my right hand.
Neither do I.
I'm also left-handed.
I only used my right hand because I'm right-handed.
And, evidently, I don't have any wounds on the other hand either.
Ah... But you know what, Mr. Usagi?
The killer is also right-handed, just like you.
-What do you mean by that?
-Huh?
If you've only seen the woman they wanted to bury...
and the hole where they were burying her, that's all.
But both the corpse and the hole there's enough evidence...
to indicate that the killer is right-handed.
Hm?
Evidence?
The victim's wound shows he's been hit from right to left,
possibly with an axe.
This means that the killer is most likely right-handed.
Also, the footprints around the hole show that he put his left foot in front of his right.
that he put his left foot in front of his right.
These digging marks can only be left by a right-handed person.
Hm...
Oh!
That's right.
What?
What then?
The murderer... is he?
Come on, don't waste any more of my time, please.

If you have something to tell us, tell us now.
I don't think I'm the only right-handed person around here.
And it could also be that this pair is actually right-handed
and are pretending to be left-handed in order to mislead.
I would find that very strange indeed.
Most likely, the killer is still hiding out
in some corner of the mountain.
It is true that most people are right-handed,
but the only person we can place on the mountain
at the time of the crime who calls himself Usagi and who is right-handed...
seems to me to be you.
-Wait a minute, let's go by parts, Conan.
-Huh?
What's that?
Where did you get it, that the murderer calls himself Usagi?
The victim told us, it's hard to believe I didn't see it.
I don't know if you noticed, inspector,
but he made this shape with his fingers.
Is that so?
And since when does this gesture mean Usagi?
It's a little difficult to see just by looking at the fingers,
but if you place one hand next to the other...
and put them against the light...
Oh!
Wow, it looks like a rabbit!
Which in Japanese is called "usagi".
But, he made Chinese shadows?
And why did she do this instead of writing her name in blood?
Because this woman was a kindergarten teacher.
She must have first thought of making Chinese shadows rather than writing her name.
And even if the killer saw it,
without the shadow, he wouldn't connect it to her last name.
And surely when he dragged her here,
with the movement, his hands separated.
Oops!
No need to dissemble, don't strain yourself.
With the wound you have done to his back
you will most likely splash blood everywhere.
I see you've changed your clothes and washed with water,
but the traces of blood don't wash off easily.
The luminol reaction detects traces of blood on any part of the body.
anywhere on the body.
Yes, for starters, what we should do...
is take all three of them down to the station and investigate them.
It would take too long, and now the most important thing is to locate the children.
It was you, wasn't it?
Yes, of course it was.
You're the man that my friends saw burying the woman
and then started chasing them, aren't you?
-Eh?
-No, it wasn't me, really.
Why don't you admit it at once?
Because it wasn't my fault, but hers!
She couldn't think of anything else but to take me to a closed place to make me suffer.
It's her fault, I just wanted to get out!
I loved her.
We were planning to get married soon.
Why did she have to do this to me?
Why did she have to do this to me?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You say she's shut you down?
I have claustrophobia, severe claustrophobia.
3 years ago I was locked inside an elevator for a whole day
because of an electrical malfunction.
Since then I have panic attacks
every time I am in a dark and closed space.
And she, despite knowing it, has locked me in that wooden cabin.
But you couldn't even open the windows!
Well... this means that she was the victim,
who convinced you to come here?
Yes.
And I had a panic attack, it's normal.
I just wanted to run away.
In the dark I found what looked like an axe;
I wanted to make a hole in the wall and I wounded him in the back.
If she hadn't done this to me,
I wouldn't have had to lock the children in the cabin.
What?
You've locked them in the hut, you say?
Yes, but I think... it's too late now.
"It can't be! He's set fire to the cabin!"
Inspector Yamamura!
The rescue team has informed us
that they found a cabin that had caught fire.
Were they able to put out the fire?
He says that when they arrived the fire was out of control
and they couldn't do anything.
(Yamamura) Hey, where did it go?
(Yamamura) It can't be!
It can't be!
Noooo!
Let me go!
Where are you going?
You can't go through!
My friends are still inside the hut.
Let me go!
Genta!
Mitsuhiko!
Ayumi!
Ay!
(Ayumi) Eeei!
Conan!
We're here!
Don't worry, we're fine.
Wow!
How can it be?
How did he do it to you for...?
Suddenly a lady appeared and rescued us.
She smashed the door with an axe.
From what she told us, it looks like she lived in the upper floor of the hut.
And the Ay where is it?
I don't see her.

The Ai is the first one he saved and told him to run away and hide in a safe place.
and to hide in a safe place.
I received a call from him a while ago, so he's fine, no need to suffer.
"A woman? She may have taken the antidote?"
And where did this lady go, you say?
She told us to stay here until you arrive.
Wait here.
She's gone that way.
Excuse me...
If you don't mind,
I'd like to question the children for the investigation.
And now!
Can't you see that they must have inhaled smoke?
They should be examined by a doctor first.
Understood.
But then take him to the station.
Hi, guys.
Can you tell us what she looked like, the lady who saved you?
I found her very pretty.
She looked a bit like Ay, didn't she?
That's why I sent the video I made of her on the sly.
You sent a video?
Yes.
Because I'd like to thank her personally.
I've sent it to the Mouri Detective Agency so they can find her.
In fact, I had promised to send them photos of the camping trip, but...
Look at her, this is the lady who saved us.
Maybe next week we'll see her again even though we're not looking for her,
because she was also carrying...
Ouch!
Where eeeets ?!
Oh, where...?
Ah!
You're late.
I thought that "you know who" would come to save us, but...
I didn't think that I should end up taking the antidote
to regain my former identity.
Wow... Where did you get it from, these clothes?
Where do you want me to get it from?
I found it inside the backpack of the woman who died.
You didn't want me to present myself to the children naked, did you?
But... since my body has started to grow...
I couldn't get the ring off my finger.
As for the clothes, I'll have to change.
The only thing I hope is that none of the guys have realized
that the one who saved them is Ai Haibara.
Hey..,
why don't you hide in the tent until the antidote wears off?
I heard that the police wanted to question you.
By the way, were you able to catch the murderer of that poor girl?
Yes, the culprit was a photographer.
I found out from the message the woman left with her hands.
The killer is claustrophobic,
says the victim locked her inside the cabin without warning.
I get it.
All the pieces fit.
In her backpack, among her clothes,
I found a book that talked about claustrophobia.
Surely he wanted to help her overcome it
by taking him to that cabin and spending the night with him.
But the strategy went very wrong.
He had a panic attack
and when he wanted to get out of there at all costs, he killed her unintentionally.
How sad, and all for wanting to help.
Besides, with this phobia you can live a perfectly normal life.
Maybe he wanted to do it because he is a photographer.
If he uses film cameras
and he can't stand small, dark spaces,
it could be the end of his professional career.
Surely she would want him to go back to the way he was before.
But if the woman has left behind evidence that directly implicates him,
then that means she had some kind of grudge against him, doesn't it?
I don't think so.
If she left this message it was because she wanted to die remembering it.
Making a rabbit with her hands was the way she had to remember...
the person he loved the most... in this world.
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Eh... It looks like the kids are going to sleep at a hostel in Gunma today.
Yes, they were a bit scared to sleep in the tent.
These kids are involved in a lot of cases, aren't they?
Eh?
Did you feel it?
I thought I heard a noise downstairs.
It's the wind.
It's... it's blowing hard.
"Password."
(Remember) "Uh... Of it... How do you guys do it with passwords?"
I put my birthday.
I replace the vowels in my name with numbers.
"I mean, when you have a really long password that's hard to remember."
"K-zero-zero-zero."

"They haven't sent pictures. Is it a video?"
Eh?
"Listen, until your friends arrive,
stay well hidden and don't make any noise."
(thinks) "Mystery Train Ring."
"Bell Tree Express."
"I'm being hacked."
"Who could it be?"
"Congratulations, you've been chosen to play the detective."
(Think) "Didn't you represent that the detectives were all the passengers?"
Don't come in!
What are you doing?
Can you come in?
(Thinking) "Eh?
(Thinking) "I-if it's...
- (thinks) "I-If it's..."
-You're Haibara, right?
"It can't be."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Mystery Train (The Exit) '."

