(Shinichi voice) "The Junior Detective League,
"Ran, Sonoko, Kogoro, Dr. Agasa and myself...
are taking a trip on the Bell Tree Express."
"In car 8, there are some very particular passengers."
"And, on the other hand, a dark shadow looms over the Haibara."
"To top it all off,
"The deduction contest we were planning to participate in
turns into a closed-door murder."
"To find the perfect solution,
all the mysteries and codes must be cracked."
"A locked compartment and a missing carriage."
"And contradictory witnesses. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "The Mystery Train (The Tunnel)."
(Train: tuuut)
(Sonoko) A murder?
Really?
-(Sonoko) Yes.
-He was really murdered?
They shot him in the head with a gun, he's not breathing.
But the door was chained shut
and he had to force it open to get in.
You mean he didn't kill himself?
I still don't know how they did it, to get the chain through,
but there's no burn marks
around the bullet's entry wound.
This proves that he was shot from a distance.
Think about it, when someone shoots themselves,
they usually stick the gun to their body.
Not always.
Maybe at the last moment he was afraid
and unintentionally detached it from the body.
I see that as unlikely.
Seeing that the gun has a silencer, no?
It's a bit complicated that it could have been fired from a distance,
with the length it has.
And look over there.
On the seat on the other side there is a hole, and it looks like a bullet hole.
I'm guessing the culprit fired the shot
by making the corpse hold the gun in his hand
in order to leave traces of gunpowder
and make the whole thing look like a suicide.
He had some powder traces left on him, too,
but he may have washed it off by washing his hands
and throwing his clothes out of the window.
In any case, there is no doubt that the murderer is still on the train.
I will not let him escape.
You two go back to our compartment with Ran and Sonoko.
What?
No, we can help solve the case!
Can't you see it's dangerous?
That's right!
Go back to the compartment, pass the chain...
and don't open to anyone until we get back!
-What's wrong with you?
You scare me.
-What's wrong with you? -What's wrong with you?
Uh, well, I mean... the killer's still back here...
and it could be a little dangerous.
You're right.
Can you take care of the kids, girls?
Oh, okay. Uh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure, sure.
I'll call my father and ask him to come over while I'm at it.
-What's all the fuss?
-Excuse me...
What's going on?
Has the contest already started?
Why didn't you tell us?
No, and now!
It is seen that it is not a game, there has been a real murder.
- (man) -A real murder?
- (all) What?
Oh, how scary!
I do not like the murdered.
Too much blood, for my taste.
Listen to me well.
Stop the train right now.
Everybody lock your compartments until the police come.
E-understood.
(PA: male) "Attention, please."
"Please be advised of a change of plans due to an incident
that has taken place in one of the carriages."
"The train will stop at the next station that allows it."
"We ask you to return to your compartments...
"And take care not to leave
until you receive further instructions over the public address system."
(Oh, he thinks) "I've got a bad feeling about this."
"I've had it for quite a while now."
"And your attitude just now confirms my suspicions."
"What's going on here?"
Oysters!

What a surprise to find you here, Amuro!
Yes, I finally managed to get a ticket.
By the way, I found Mr. Mouri in the restaurant car.
Hey, who is this handsome guy?
I already told you, he's the detective who became my father's disciple.
Wow, what a surprise!
-Delighted.
-Hello, I'm Sonoko Suzuki.
By the way, I heard on the public address system that there was an incident.
Do you know what happened?
Yes, it seems there has been a murder on the train.
Sera and Conan are at the scene of the crime
to see if they can find out anything.
Wow!
Maybe we should alert Mr. Mouri, too.
I'm sure he can help.
Have you felt it?
Look at that, today we seem to have everything in front of us.
(Sera) What?
How come he won't stop until Nagoya?
Didn't I tell you to tell them to stop before?
Yes, I know,
but when we have asked permission to Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki,
the organizer of the trip...
Catch the undesirable who has killed a person to my train
and take me away immediately, I will make him pay dearly!
And, as I understand, he is now waiting for us in Nagoya.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How can it be that he has so much authority, the man?"
(Kogoro) No need to worry about anything.
The great Poirot Mouri will settle everything before we arrive in Nagoya.
I will personally see to it that the truth
about this cruel case of murder on the Bell Tree Express train
comes to light.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-I trust you.
Let's see, first question.
Where was Mr. Murobashi when you last saw her?
I saw her in front of compartment A, Mr. Noto's compartment.
I saw that she had warned me, and I went there right away.
But she was very angry,
because it's clear that it wasn't true that she had called me.
While I was talking, the door of compartment B opened...
and I saw that Mr. Murobashi was watching us.
And you're sure it was Mr. Murobashi?
Yes, and I noticed that he was talking to someone on the phone.
Well, I would say that we should start with a question mark
this end Noto, right, Mr. Poirot?
Of course, of course!
Very well thought out.
(Train: tuuut)
(Man) Yes, I felt it through the door...
and I'm sure it was Murobashi's voice.
What I didn't know is that I had him in the compartment next door.
I couldn't believe it.
And why did he tell a lie?
Why did you ring the bell and say it wasn't you?
It's not a lie.
I didn't warn him, the conductor came alone.
Something..., when the bell rings...
the lamp over the doors lights up too, right?
Then how can it be wrong?
It turns out that the bulb in compartment A is out.
Therefore, when I felt the doorbell ring but saw no light on, I assumed that it was the person asking me to come in,
I assumed that it was Mr. Noto who was asking me.
-So, what happened next?
-I went straight in.
After compartments A and B were closed, the bell rang.
the bell rang,
and as Miss Idenami's light was illuminated,
I went to compartment E.
Yes, it is true that I rang the bell to alert the conductor.
Because I felt a noise in the compartment.
And it turned out to be the alarm of this watch.
It seems to have been hidden between the two seats.
I guess it must have been lost by one of the cleaning staff.
I'm sorry about that.
If you made him come in here to look for the watch,
perhaps the culprit took advantage of the moment
to get into the victim's compartment.
He did well, because there was no conductor,
who is responsible for the watch.
That's not why I called him.
What I did was to complain!
I found the watch by myself.
My compartment is my territory
and I don't allow anyone to set foot in it!
So you represent that you've spent all your time in the corridor
but you didn't see anyone enter compartment B,
which is where the murder took place?
Well, now that you mention it...
While Mrs. Idenami was complaining about the noise,
I thought I saw that the last door in the corridor was open...
and that someone was watching us from there.
Wow.
The last door is compartment A...
And shortly before I saw the suspect,
Mrs. Komin came out of compartment D
with her assistant, who was pushing the wheelchair.
Maybe they could tell us who it was.

(Kogoro) Mrs. Komin?
(Woman) The door of compartment A?
I don't think so.
When we passed through there, the door you say was not open.
And of course, of course...
I didn't see anyone suspicious in the whole carriage either.
-Of course.
-Can you confirm that, Sumitomo?
The only door that was open was the one in compartment E,
where I felt Miss Idenami knocking.
Well, maybe the door opened when they had already passed.
I don't know.
When we were on our way to compartment B,
we met Ms. Komin and Ms. Sumitomo
at the entrance of car 8,
and we didn't see that the door of compartment A was open either.
-Ah!
-Are you sure about what you're saying?
Well, now that I realize it, just before they arrived, Mr. Ando, from compartment A, from compartment B, was there,
Mr. Ando, from compartment C, came to see what was going on.
Yes.
As Miss Idenami's screams were reaching my compartment
I went out to see what was going on.
I got scared and everything.
Unfortunately, I didn't notice...
if the door to compartment A was open.
As it is on the opposite side of E...
Besides, at that moment the train entered a tunnel..,
and since there was no light coming through the windows..,
the corridor was dark.
He didn't see it, did he?
-Well, now that you say it, it's true.
If I'm not mistaken, it was shortly after I got off.
Well, no, we didn't see anything.
It's funny, I've noticed that everyone knows very well...
the name and compartment of each passenger in car number 8.
They know each other?
Yes, well... we are all very fond...
of this Mystery Train.
Yes, they are regular customers.
Every year they book the compartments in the first class carriage.
In fact, they always try to book the same one.
- (train: tuuut)
- (Kogoro) Caram.
After all we have heard..., I gather that the door has not opened.
Therefore, it is you who have been confused.
It can not be!
I am convinced that I have seen it open, for sure.
Sure, I got it: it's you!
You let the culprit pass into compartment B.
What?!
You say it's a closed compartment,
but in reality there is a secret door
that allows you to go to the one next to it, right?
If y-you're wrong, this train doesn't have them, those things.
You've gathered the passengers from compartments A, C, D and E...
to compartment B,
and had each one fire a bullet at the victim.
-But what's the matter, now?!
-Doesn't it?
I explain what happened!
It is clearer than water.
You can't be serious.
This is the plot of the Orient Express, isn't it?
(Shinichi, thinks) "And the victim has only been shot once."
(Agasa) What?
You sent it to the Mouri Detective Agency?
Did you send them the video of last week's camping trip?
Yes, it's just that I'd like to thank properly...
to the girl who saved us.
And I thought a detective might discover her identity.
Mmm!
Ah, yes, the video was seen by both the father and me.
But with the face and the voice it's not enough,
that's why we said to put it on the internet, maybe someone knows her.
As we saw that the girl was also wearing the Mystery Train ring, we thought that maybe we could find her here,
we thought maybe we could find her here.
Let's see if we see her.
(Alas, he thinks) "No way."
"What if this discomfort, this weight I feel in my chest...?"
"What if... what if... it's them?"
Listen to me everyone!
It is vital that you connect to the train as soon as it arrives!
Go in, catch the murderer at once and take me away immediately!
Is it clear to you, or what?!
I can't feel you!
What are you doing, Mr. Suzuki?
I'm sorry, but you have no authority to give orders to my men.
Let the prefectural police do their...
Do what?
The crime scene is a train that bears my name.
It's my train!
What do you want me to do, sit here and wait for you to act?
And then, when you've caught the criminal,
pull him up by the neck to the highest point of Nagoya Castle!
Well..., don't ask for the impossible.
Looks like someone's been peeled off the train,
but we still have our luck on our side.
-So much so.
-Right, Gin?
Because, without us having to do anything,

the steel snake will lead directly to us.
Vermouth just sent me a message.
She confirms that Sherry is inside the train.
Well, right now, maybe Vermouth and Bourbon have already...
I don't care if she is peeled or captured.
The most important thing was to know if it was in the stomach of the snake or not.
And if it's true that you are, Sherry,
then Nagoya will be your final station.
(Kogoro) In any case, then,
if Mr. Murobashi's compartment had the chain slipped...
and before the murder, the conductor,
who has spent all his time in the corridor,
did not see anyone suspicious coming in...,
it is obvious that the deceased committed suicide, there is no other option.
I doubt it: around the bullet's entry hole...
there were no burns.
And it doesn't add up either
that in the seat on the other side there is a bullet hole.
Think of all the passengers on this train
are mystery buffs.
Since he had decided to die,
he wanted to do it in an enigmatic way...
and left some indication of a possible homicide.
Yes, that's right.
A great deduction, Sleeping Kogoro!
-Wait a minute.
-Ha-ha-ha!
Today you can tell me Poirot.
Mr. Murobashi has changed the compartment
with the Ran and the Sonoko,
and he was excited to participate in the contest.
If he was so motivated, why did he have to commit suicide?
And on top of that he represents
that the cards of this contest were fake.
That's right!
They are exactly the same as the usual ones,
but the content has nothing to do
with what we were told we would do this time.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it."
"Whoever did it wanted to transfer Mr. Murobashi
the first-class carriage for some reason."
"Like this time the first class compartment B.
"which was always reserved by the victim
was occupied by Kogoro and company..."
"What if it turns out that only he could murder in this carriage?"
Hey, is there something special about the first class carriage?
What's that?
What do you mean?
Meaning that if these people every year book
compartments A through E in this carriage,
it must be for a reason.
Of course there is!
The Bell Tree Express opened 5 years ago.
It is said that Mr. Jirokichi Suzuki
decided to make this first-class car
at the request of a shareholder friend of his.
I am told that this friend of his
was a great admirer of the Orient Express,
and that he wanted the compartments of this carriage to be larger
to go comfortably with the family.
And all these passengers are family of this shareholder you say?
No, practically the whole family, himself included,
died in a fire a month before the train made its maiden voyage.
There is only one, who is related to that man.
And who is that?
Mrs. Komin, from compartment D.
If I am not mistaken, she is the aunt of the shareholder, may he rest in peace.
I found the fire on the Internet.
What?
She says she went to the shareholder's birthday party.
12 people died,
including family members and non-family guests.
It also says that Mrs. Komin, as you said, Ms. Sumitomo and 4 other guests were saved,
Ms. Sumitomo and 4 other guests.
Well, these 4 could be the other passengers in the carriage, right?
It seems that the fire was caused by an electrical problem,
but it didn't quite clear up.
Well, if it turns out that the motive for this crime is revenge....,
now it's finally starting to look like the Orient Express.
How nice!
It seems to me that we will have to interrogate the passengers again.
(Conan voice) By the way, speaking of electricity,
why don't you change it, the light bulb in compartment A,
if you know it's burned out?
Past this carriage there is a warehouse, and there are always spare bulbs.
But this time I haven't found a single one.
How can this be?
Who is in charge of checking
that everything is correct before leaving?
Yes.
The checkers?
There are a couple who check that there are spare parts for everything and...
Ah, come to think of it,
I've been told that one of our uniforms is also missing.
Aaa...
(Mobile)
Mm?
Have you seen anything that worries you?
(Cell phone ringing) Huh?
Ah, no, nothing.
I was just reading the article on the fire,
but it didn't do me any good.

Relax, we are not in a hurry.
It is the murderer who must be nervous.
He knows that he has no escape inside a train
going 50 miles an hour.
Yes..., you are right.
(Train: tuuut)
(Oh, he thinks) "What do I do?"
"If it turns out that the Men in Black are the train and they're coming to get me..."
"Maybe... maybe not anymore..."
(Mobile: message alert)
(Oh, he thinks) "A message?"
"It's from an unknown number... Who could it be?"
"Ah! 'Are you ready?"
" 'Vermouth'."
(Mitsuhiko) -Huh?
- (Mitsuhiko) Haibara!
(Mitsuhiko) -Who is it from?
-Do you have a message?
-No, it's just propaganda.
-I'm sure it's from Conan, right?
Oh!
What's that?
-To the washroom.
-Where are you going now, Ai?
I have to take the medicine, maybe I'll be a while.
Ah, I'll come with you!
Leave her alone, woman.
She'll think you're a nuisance.
Yeah, but on the way here...
she's been clinging to my sweater the whole time.
I think she's afraid of something.
It's better if someone accompanies her.
What?
Oh...
Ai?
Where are you? (Woman) "Well, I'll talk to you again when you celebrate the 19th anniversary.
(Woman) "Well, I'll talk to you again when you celebrate the nineteenth anniversary."
"See you soon."
"Oh, and also... You're probably old enough for me to explain."
"Your mother is developing a drug."
"My lab mates are thrilled
and say it's an incredible milestone."
"Your father and I have pinned all our hopes on it
and we call it Silver Bullet, 'the silver bullet'."
"Unfortunately, however, in order to finish it your father and I will
will have to part with you and your sister."
"I hope you understand, Shiho."
(Alas, she thinks) "Forgive me..., mother."
"I had no idea."
"I didn't know... that I shouldn't create, this drug."
"However..,
"I don't want to involve anyone else, in all this,
and I have no choice but to use it."
You're like your sister, absolutely predictable.
Come on, I have to ask you... to come to our territory.
(Oh, he thinks) "I can't allow it. Not now!"
"I can't let you kill me with this body."
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
Are you sure you don't hide what you have used by closed door trick?
That's why I would like to record a video its current.
It doesn't do anything to him, does it?
This woman who takes care of him runs very fast.
That he had been a sportsman, as a young man?
The watch you said was in his compartment...
it hasn't made any noise again, has it?
(Shinichi, thinks) "When we found Murobashi's corpse
it was all visible..."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
"'The Mystery Train (The Crossing) '."

