"The Junior Detective League, the Ran, the Sonoko, Kogoro,
Dr. Agasa and I take a trip on the Bell Tree Express train."
"In car 8 there are some very particular passengers."
"But what's worse is that the deduction contest we wanted to participate in
turns into a closed-door murder."
"On the other hand,
the shadow of the Men in Black is cast over the Haibara."
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A suspicious character and a strange trick."
"The train is moving towards an inevitable destination."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu.
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau.
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete.
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"The Mystery Train (The Crossing)."
(Noto) A fire from 5 years ago?
And may I know what relation I have, me, with this fire they say?
Don't be crazy, now, eh.
I just confirmed it a moment ago with the Shizuoka police.
In the list of rescued people there is your name.
Isn't it?
Taisaku Noto,
a former officer in the Armed Forces and a friend of the late honoree?
Yes, that's me.
This scar on my face is me then.
-By the way, Mr. Noto...
-You can't say I'm hiding either.
The first time we met, I was wearing something on my back.
Are you sure you're not hiding what you've used for the closed door trick?
What are you saying, now?
But it's a bamboo sword!
Oh, is it?
Do you see it?
There is only the sword.
I have promised a friend from Nagoya
that I would practice with him after the trip.
Yes, something.
And now, if you have no more questions...
Can you show us how you run down the hall, please?
Yes.
You want me to run?
It's just that we may have seen the killer from behind as he was running away.
That's why I'd like to get a video of him running.
It doesn't do anything to him, does it?
Hm...
(Man) Yes, I don't deny it.
I am Ando who was rescued in that unfortunate fire.
I had not commented because no one had asked me.
Very well.
And what door, in that big folder you have on the seat?
Ah, it's a painting I had appraised by a client.
Unfortunately, it's a forgery.
Do you mind if I take a look?
Do you?
No.
-Yes, it's just that the frame is solid gold. -Well, it's heavy, isn't it?
-Wow, it's heavy! -Wow, it's heavy!
Look at that... Solid gold, eh?
By the way, can you tell me what was your relationship with the shareholder?
He was a great collector of paintings,
and I was in charge of showing him all the ones I found.
Most of them were burned when the house caught fire.
Oops, but that's heavy.
Eh?
It takes a lot of strength to carry it up and down.
Yeah, I guess it does.
Oh, one other thing.
Could you run down the hall for a minute?
(Woman) What?
(Woman) I'll say.
I'll never get it out of my mind, that disgrace.
In fact, it's because of that fire that I now have to go like this,
with a wheelchair.
(Woman) Oysters.
Is it because of that, that you can not walk?
Yes.
So it seems to me that I won't be able to run like the others,
not in the hallway or anywhere else.
But Miss Sumitomo could, couldn't she?
Eh?
Hm.
They just... they just want me to run, right?
Yes.
Naturally.
(Kogoro) "As if this should help us find the murderer!"
God-hay-do, huh?
This woman who takes care of him runs very fast.
She had been a sportswoman when she was young?
Hey, hey, hey.
Why don't you answer me?
That I don't sit down?
Yes.
It's true that I was promising
to the net of the millionaire who died in that fire,
and it's also true that I'm one of the survivors of that misfortune,

but I don't quite understand why I'm being asked to run down the aisle.
Well, we don't want to leave out any details.
Come on, please remove the chain and let us into the compartment.
If you want to enter, you'll have to carry a search warrant.
How do you want us to do it, this?
By the way, the watch you said was in your compartment...
it hasn't been ticking again, has it?
What clock?
Ah.
That clock.
I left it here on top of it and no, it hasn't made any more noise.
Eh?
Where did you say it is?
Here on the seat, man.
Can't you see it?
Woman, from out here we can't see much.
(Think: Shinichi voice) "Eh? Wait a minute."
"When we found Mr. Murobashi's corpse, you could see everything."
"From the crack in the door
I saw the bullet mark on the front seat."
I don't know how we did it,
but in the end we were able to convince him to run.
I hope it did some good.
I'm going to show all the videos we made to the kids for now.
Okay, I'll show the kids all the videos we made.
Eh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What vain, kiddo?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hm.
May I know who you are?
Are you deaf?
Answer me!
-What?
-You haven't changed a bit...
Masumi.
What?
Shu... Shuichi.
(Train: whistling)
Shu... Shuichi?
Is it really you?
How can it be?
But you died!
That's how I like it, that you remember me.
-No, don't suffer.
-Excuse me, what's wrong?
It's just that my sister has anemia.
Ah, well.
"I have removed the obstacle. Throw the plan forward."
He-he-he-he!
(Train: whistling)
(Noto) What does this represent?
Why has he made us all go out in the hallway?
(Idenami) You've discovered something, haven't you?
Oops, no, and now!
We haven't finished the investigations yet.
Oh, we haven't?
But the boy came to warn us.
He said we couldn't miss the show of the great Sleeping Kogoro.
What's that?
Yes, man, but he just told us so.
He told us that he saw clearer than water everything that had happened.
Donkey!
It's just a figure of speech, pacifier!
He-he!
Aaah... aaah...
Aaah... aaah...
That's it.
It's the Sleeping Kogoro!
If we have the master in this posture
it means he has solved the case,
that he has solved the mystery of the murder
behind closed doors in compartment B.
-Oh, I haven't introduced myself.
-Oh, did you?
Who are you?
I am the Amuro, Master Mouri's apprentice.
What?
What do you mean you can't find the Ai?
No.
And I've looked in the toilets of the other carriages, too.
Ah.
(Mobile: message)
(Pip)
Wow, it's a message from Ay.
"I'm fine. No need to worry about me."
That's what it says.
(Pip) Yes, it is.
And it's his cell phone, all right.
You mean he's gone with Conan.
-And they're leaving us here.
-Yes, I'm sure they do. -Yes, I'm sure they do.
Well, he could have told us, too, before he left, couldn't he?
(Kogoro) Yes, a murder behind closed doors.
I solved the trick
the second time I went to Miss Idenami's compartment.
(Kogoro) What?
What s'empatolla?
You accuse me, maybe, or what?
I realized it when I wanted to look inside her compartment
from the crack in the door.
Because if the chain is past, no matter how hard you try, it is impossible to see the seat on the opposite side,
it's impossible to see the seat on the opposite side.
However, in Conan it says that,
when Mr. Murobashi found compartment B,
he was able to see the seat on the right side without any problems,
even though the chain had been overloaded.
This means that the nano must be confused, no?
No, there is an explanation.
The safety chain of the compartment in question
has one more ring than those in the other compartments.
With one more link, the gap widens,
and the one that can be seen from the outside is also widened.
But how important is an extra link?
It is of key importance.
These chains are made just the right size
because no one can open them from the outside
No matter how much they want to put their hand through the slit.
Now, if you put an extra ring in,
you could get out of the compartment and then close it from the outside.
(Train: whistle)
Hey, what are you doing?
The passenger list is confidential.
I didn't know that.

I'm sorry, I thought I saw an old acquaintance on the train.
Well, you can tell the conductor about it and that's it.
Understood.
Excuse me.
(Conductor) You're right, there are 6.
The other compartments have 5 rings.
B is the only one with 6.
We have already solved the mystery of the locked door.
Man, but if someone had been tampering with the door, the conductor would have noticed,
the conductor would have noticed, wouldn't he?
(Komin) Of course.
Because we know he hasn't moved from the corridor.
Well, I saw someone peeking out the door and looking this way.
Yes?
And who was it, let's see?
I couldn't tell you, I didn't get a good look.
As we were going through a tunnel, there was little light in the corridor.
The culprit must be him.
He probably fled to another car.
It may not be any of us.
Because the aisle there is always the conductor, who knows us all.
With him here none of us would dare to do such a thing.
And what if the risk of being seen could be easily avoided with this sound?
What do you mean?
(Doorbell)
Well, they rang the bell.
It was me.
But... who could it have been?
(Doorbell)
A while ago I recorded the doorbell in compartment B when it rang.
I just had to play it back.
The conductor told us earlier that he had gone to compartment A
because he had heard the buzzer but the light hadn't come on, right?
Yes, and since the light bulb in compartment A is out,
I assumed the person calling me was Mr. Noto.
And when I was in front of compartment A talking to Mr. Noto,
Mr. Murobashi has opened the door of compartment B
and looked at them, didn't he go like this?
That's right.
- (Amuro) Ah, I get it.
-While he was talking on the phone.
And that's when the murderer entered compartment B.
"The corridors of this train are so narrow...
that, when you open a door, you practically cover them completely."
"As the one in compartment B was open,
"From Compartment A, it was impossible for the conductor
to see the killer coming from the other side of the car."
Exactly.
Surely the murderer asked Mr. Murobashi
where all the commotion in the corridor was coming from.
And let's keep in mind that we were passing through the tunnel at the time.
"If we assume
"That the culprit is called to Mr. Murobashi shortly before arriving,
"He could then enter the compartment
"With the excuse that inside the tunnel there was no coverage
and that it was better to continue talking to the compartment face to face."
And what have they talked about, the murderer and Mr. Murobashi, according to you?
About the contest of deductions that takes place every year in the Mystery Train,
evidently.
What?
The culprit has sent some fake cards
and turned Mr. Murobashi into the victim,
the murderer into the murderer,
and my daughter and her friends into accomplices.
And that's how he got the compartments switched.
He had the excuse that it was a trick to make the corpse disappear.
Evidently,
Mr. Murobashi was supposed to occupy compartment B of car 8,
but he didn't.
and the culprit made the fake cards to fix this unforeseen event.
Finally, he turned the children into detectives to secure the set-up.
"I knew that if someone showed up.
"In compartment B of car 7 playing detective,
"The girls, as accomplices,
would be forced to stay in the compartment longer."
But in the end they found out right away
and so the girls and boys came to compartment B of carriage 8,
where the real murder took place.
And then?
It is now clear to me why they switched compartments
and how did they gain access, but how did they get out?
Exactly;
because even if he died right away, when he was coming out,
the conductor should have seen, because it was in front of compartment A.
And no one saw him.
Therefore, the suspect can't be anyone else...
than the person who peeked through the door and watched him.
And which door was it, do we know?
Well, it looked to me like it was the door at the other end of the hallway.
And since I saw it when it was in front of the E. door,
it must have been Mr. Noto's.
Come on, man!

Don't make things up, now, huh?
(Kogoro) I know who it was, that person they say.
-Yes, I know who it was.
(Kogoro) -What?
It was the conductor.
(Kogoro) What?
I-I'm the suspect?
Soc murder suspect?
Wrong.
The conductor saw the door to compartment E, yes,
but he saw himself, because there was a mirror.
Exactly.
The murderer put a mirror
on the inside of the door of his compartment
and, in order to prevent the conductor from seeing him coming out of compartment B,
he opened it when he went to compartment E.
because Miss Idenami had called her.
Man, if the murderer was the B compartment,
how did he manage to open the door of his compartment?
I don't understand.
By tying a fishing line to the lock on the door,
threading it through the bar of the corridor window
and pulling it from the inside of compartment B
just in the nick of time.
Yes.
If the mirror had been too close or too far from the conductor,
I would have noticed.
In other words, compartments A, B, C, D and E,
the trick can only work with the door right in the middle.
Mr. Ando, you are the only person who could do it.
(Train: whistle)
I just don't get it.
They don't answer me neither Ay, nor Conan, nor my father...
And neither does the Sera, which is very strange.
What will happen?
Hm.
Look, I'm going to car 8 to see what, eh?
No, wait.
"They must have cracked the case and they're telling everyone."
"We'd better not get in their way, now."
(Bell)
(Ando) A mirror?
But can't you see that it's impossible
to have entered the train with a mirror big enough to cover the door?
No, it is not impossible.
He has used the painting he says he had appraised.
At first glance,
I calculate that hiding 3 mirrors inside the frame would have been sufficient
to cover the entire surface of the door.
And this would explain why it weighs so much.
It weighs so much because the frame is gold.
No.
The frame is gold-plated wood.
-It's the frame itself that's heavy.
-What?
And as the master said, inside...
there are three mirrors.
And, curiously,
this first one has a stain of the same color as the doors.
I guess he did it to prevent us from discovering the trick.
Because, otherwise, the mirror would have also reflected the letter E...
that's stuck to the door.
And now, would you mind...
explaining to us what these three mirrors were doing in here?
And I hope you don't want us to believe that they were already there...
and that when he appraised them he didn't notice that they were heavier than normal.
If you want,
we can go and ask the client who commissioned the appraisal.
If this client really exists, of course.
(Woman) Maybe you're a little overdoing it, aren't you?
There I kept my favorite dress,
in that suitcase you threw away.
Come on, why don't you let it go,
Sharon?
I didn't expect it.
Who would have thought
that nano would involve his own mother in our dispute.
Not if I proposed it to him.
That if the rival was a star,
a legendary Japanese actress like me, I couldn't miss it either.
It's a pity, though.
I had hoped to learn how to put on make-up
to continue shining despite the passing of the years.
But if the great Sharon Vineyard
was nothing but a layer of makeup....
Woman, it's not as easy as it looks,
to have to pass for an old haggard woman.
And by the way, what you said to me when we met in the corridor...
If we run our hands over your face again,
will you leave her alone once and for all, this time?
-You understood me perfectly.
-What did you mean?
From what Shinichi says, Ay is now on our side.
Ha-ha!
What nonsense!
Do you really think he can beat me?
Yes, don't you know?
Now Shinichi's team has already passed you.
What!
Well, is that the girl you had left sleeping in your compartment, the Sera,
we've already moved her back to her compartment.
Wow, she really works fast!
But I'm surprised.
Now the nano is solving a case.
Does he have another collaborator?
Oh, you never know.
Maybe it turns out we have a special guest on the train.
Eh?
Shu...
Shuichi...
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.

Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
-It's over.
-But it has no chance of....
Because right now Shinichi has already discovered your weak point.
A-a fire?
There's a fire!
-Mail.
-Auxili.
I can't find the Haibara anywhere.
Aaaaiiii!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Mystery Train (The Last Stop)'."

