"The Junior Detective League, the Ran, the Sonoko, Kogoro,
Dr. Agasa and I take a trip on the Bell Tree Express."
"In car 8 there are some very particular passengers."
"But the worst thing is that the deduction competition
"in which we were planning to participate
turns into a closed-door murder."
"On the other hand, the Men in Black...
are getting closer and closer to the Haibara."
"And the man with the burn attempts to abduct the Sera
and we find out who he really is."
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A trap by the Men in Black sows panic on the train."
"And the Haibara is in danger."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"The Mystery Train, (The last stop)."
(Noto) There is something
that doesn't quite fit your deduction, Mr. Mouri.
Because it's not so easy to put an extra ring
on the door's security chain.
And if the bulb hadn't blown,
I wouldn't have been able to lure the conductor into my compartment.
And if I did warn the conductor, it was only by chance,
because the alarm of a clock started to ring.
(Kogoro voice) I think the conductor commented a while ago that a uniform had disappeared from his
that one of your uniforms was missing, right?
(Kogoro voice) Eh?
Yes.
Well, Mr. Ando probably took it.
Eh?
If he was pretending to be one of the conductors
who inspects the train before it starts,
he could put the extra ring on the chain,
change the bulb in Mr. Noto's door and, finally,
hide the watch in Miss Idenami's compartment.
"Besides, if he took advantage of Miss Idenami's and the conductor's sticking.
"To set off the alarm again by remote control,
"he distracted them for a moment and that allowed him to use fishing line
"To open the door of compartment C from compartment B...
without them noticing."
"Then, once past B's chain...
"From outside, behind the mirror door,
"He made it appear that he was coming out of his compartment..,
closed the door and approached the conductor."
By doing so, even if the conductor did not move from the aisle,
Mr. Ando could walk in and out of the victim's compartment
as if nothing had happened without anyone seeing him.
"He had the bad luck
"That Mrs. Komin and her attendant
passed through the corridor just before opening the mirror door..."
"They could have discovered the fishing line,
but in the darkness of the tunnel, they missed it."
Or maybe not, but they didn't want to say anything....
for not directly implicating themselves in the murder.
But why?
Why did he have to murder in Murobashi?
It doesn't make sense, if they were both victims of the same misfortune.
That's true.
Until two years ago, it would never have occurred to me.
But everything changed when I saw
that one of the paintings that was supposed to have been burned
was being sold at auction.
What?
I was going to scour heaven and earth to find out who the owner was,
until I finally found out, and oddly enough, it was in Murobashi.
I get it now.
Mr. Murobashi appropriated all the paintings
and set the fire in the mansion to hide the theft.
He didn't care that there were victims.
That's right.
When I found out that Murobashi was getting on the train every year
for the same reasons we did,
to remember that family and mourn the victims of the flames,
I wanted to ask him to turn himself in.
But then, because of the contest of deductions,
when the two of us were left alone, he playing the victim and I the murderer,
and while we were waiting for the children to come,

the bastard had the nerve to say:
It's exciting, doing these things, eh?
It makes you feel more alive, I don't know how to tell you.
Doesn't it remind you of the fire,
when we were surrounded by smoke and a little more and we left our skin?
And he said it like it was nothing, so happy, the miserable bastard.
His eyes were even shining.
He didn't even think
that my wife was one of the victims of the flames.
Yukiko, I know he wants to confuse us.
-It's over.
-But you don't have any chance of...
Because right now Shinichi has already discovered your weak point.
I hope you won't tell me it's you,
that since we're friends I won't dare touch you.
Your classmates don't know, do they,
that both Shinichi and Ai have become small because of a drug?
Because if they were to reduce the research on elementary school children,
finding them would only be a matter of time, wouldn't it?
Besides, Shinichi was saying that surely you had a good reason?
for hiding this important information from them.
And another name: Suguru Itakura.
You know him, don't you?
He's from a field very close to us actresses.
He's a special effects technician and works in the film industry.
At Shinichi he told me
that you had commissioned him to do a kind of program.
"And I admit I couldn't believe it."
"Because everyone says that you two fought in a film
and since then it's always been cat and dog."
Knowing you as I do,
I imagine that when you made the call you changed your voice, right?
And that you've gotten to this point
surely has something to do with it hiding that you're children.
Yukiko.
Stop it.
Let it go, please.
Your plan doesn't hold up.
-Plan?
What plan?
-I know what you want to do.
What do you think you know?
If Sherry finds out that we're on the train too,
you know perfectly well there's only one thing she can do:
take the antidote to that drug to get back to a woman's body.
Because she knows that if we kill her as a girl,
when her body is discovered on the train,
the boys will cry for her and there will be a scandal.
On the other hand, if she goes back to the way she was before,
"Even if they got to see the corpse,
to them she'd just be a girl they'd seen once long ago."
"And since they will be more concerned about their missing friend,
"They'll pay less attention
and they'll be less likely to run into the organization."
Well, it's true that your nano and that doctor...
will be aware of what happened,
but of course, they won't be able to say...
that the corpse is what it looked like before it became small.
Yes.
Surely you had already guessed that this is what she plans to do.
That's why you intended to protect her,
and to do so you intended to disguise yourself as her...
and make it look like we were killing you
so that the organization would think that he was dead.
I am not mistaken, am I?
And seeing that Sherry is not yet to your compartment,
I gather you haven't been able to locate her yet.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Before I threw my suitcase out the window,
you must have opened it, right?
That you saw a costume, perhaps?
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's just that I got rid of it before.
Both the disguise that you had left hidden inside the sink,
as well as the bulletproof vest that leaks fake blood.
Anyway, you haven't found it yet either, have you?
-Don't worry.
Soon we won't be.
-So we're even.
I've already got the whole routine ready to get her out of the burrow.
You'd better talk to the police.
My... Look at that!
What's that smoke over there?
-Oh!
-No... It can't be...
I'm going to see what's going on.
A... a fire!
There's a fire!
Go to the front carriage, hurry!
What?
Come on, we've got to go!
All right, you too.
You too.
Hurry up.
(PA: male) "Emergency warning."
"A possible fire has been detected in car number 8 of this train."
-What does it say?
- "For your safety..."
There is a fire?
"... and take shelter in the cars at the front of the train."
-Yes.
-Our car is number 6, right?
Then we have to run away.
(People: shouting)
(Conductor) Quietly, please.

No need to run.
Eh?
Aaaaaaaah!
(Shouting)
I wasn't wrong at all.
The passengers in car 8 are very afraid of fires.
And thanks to their screams, panic has spread through the train.
-And now, a question.
-Yes, I can see that.
Where would you say she will go, she, in these circumstances?
Woman, she'll take refuge in the front cars, won't she?
Well, no, quite the contrary.
She'll probably go...
(Bourbon) I can tell you're the daughter of the Hell's Angel.
The truth is that you look alike.
It's nice to meet you.
Bourbon.
Evidently, it's my code name.
Eh?
Ah, Mr. Mouri.
Eh?
Father.
And in Conan and the Sera?
The little boy was with me until a moment ago,
but that girl a while ago
she said she was coming back with you.
Well, she didn't come.
What? She must have taken the wrong car.
She must have taken the wrong car.
It must be over there somewhere.
Listen.
Where is the Ai?
-That's not with Conan, now? -It's with you, isn't it?
-It was with you, wasn't it?
No, I thought he was with you.
Yes, but he went to the bathroom and didn't come back, we didn't see him anymore.
Then, it's probable that he has taken refuge further on.
Yes, I've already looked for him, but I couldn't find him anywhere.
Gee, this scoundrel is a case.
Yes.
I have no doubt that he's headed for car 8, which is where the fire is coming from.
You can imagine that the fire is a trap...
that we've set for her to get her out.
Of course, she will have gone towards the end...
because she knew you guys would be waiting for her at the front cars.
You have no idea.
What she thinks is that the front wagons
there are also refugees, her friends.
In fact, if she were to go there knowing that we want to kill her,
she'd be endangering them too.
That is why she will go to the fire wagon.
Even knowing that we will be waiting for her.
Because, if she's going to die, she'd rather do it alone.
-Ah.
They're calling me.
- (mobile)
(Mobile)
At Shi... Shinichi...
Ah.
(Conan voice) "Mother, we're in trouble."
Hello, Shinichi.
What's wrong?
I can't find the Haibara anywhere.
What's here with you, by any chance?
(voice against the wall) Oops, well, she's not here.
She must have taken refuge in the front wagons.
As there are so many people, it will be easier for him to hide.
"Maybe he is. I'll go look for him. You continue with the plan. Good luck."
Roger that.
Perfect, your son is also leaving for the front cars.
(Mobile: message tone)
And look, I got a message from my partner.
Oh, what a pity!
He says yes, he finally found him in car number 8.
Sorry, I'd say we won this time.
(Bourbon) The code name "Bourbon" will ring a bell, won't it?
It's not the first time I've dealt with your family.
Yes.
I've met you before.
To the organization, you and my sister's boyfriend, in Dai Moroboshi,
you were rivals.
My sister told me that you couldn't even see each other, we couldn't stand you.
That's right.
And, just as I suspected, it turned out that he was an FBI dog.
When he betrayed us, but,
I couldn't quite believe he was really dead.
I decided to disguise myself
"...and I moved in close to the people who knew him
to see how they would react."
In the end, however, I was wrong.
I was able to confirm that she was really dead.
Well, this time it was not me who had impersonated him,
but rather the companion who helped me disguise myself,
and seeing that you've decided to come here,
I deduce that the plan they have devised to scare you has been a total success.
Come on, hands up, we'll walk a little.
Let's go to the warehouse behind this car.
The Bell Tree Express will be here in an hour.
Attention!
We can't make a single mistake.
What a bunch of fools!
Poor things, they have no idea...
that when the train arrives they'll be blown to bits
with the bomb on the platform.
By the way, what about Vermouth and Bourbon?
How will they do it, to get out of the train?
Because they know, don't they, that there's a bomb?
-What? -I don't know.
-I don't know.
Don't ask me.
Well, Vermouth, I think so,
because she told me she wanted explosives, if we had any left over.
What did you say?

I asked him why he wanted them, but he made it look like I wasn't feeling it.
"Coi as a woman. What if...?"
(Bourbon) Come on, open the door and come in.
You don't need to suffer,
my intention is to return you alive to the organization.
With this explosive I'll destroy the junction zone
because the warehouse car will be isolated and, when it stops,
my companions will come to pick you up.
You won't see it, though,
because it turns out that you will have lost consciousness.
Everything is under control.
I'll leave you sleeping well away from the door,
so the explosion won't affect you at all.
-Huh?
-Are you sure you've got it all under control? -You sure?
I say that because this warehouse is full of explosives.
I think your plan is falling apart all over the place.
"Well, well..."
"So Vermouth is determined to assassinate her
at all costs, huh?"
What the hell!
-I'm sorry, but I refuse.
Then you'll have to come with me.
Doors as much trouble as they say.
I'll be forced to be a little rougher.
Is that you, Vermouth?
Well, I'm sorry, but I'm taking her to...
A grenade!
Who... Who are you?
Mer... Oh, shit.
(Vermouth) Ale, then.
-It can't be. -I don't believe it.
I don't believe it.
-That's it, it's over.
Do not suffer.
I blew it up when I felt the explosion
that separated the last car from the rest of the train,
so we're safe in this part of the train.
Ouch...
Ouch!
You got rid of the Sherry, you say?
You're absolutely sure, aren't you, Vermouth?
"Of course I am."
"In Bourbon she's seen the warehouse car explode with her in it."
Although due to the incident,
the train has been stopped at a nearby station
and now they want to question all the passengers.
It breaks my heart that we can't see each other in Nagoya.
"The bomb was for that, huh?"
If there is an explosion on the train, they are obliged to stop at once.
Right.
There's no need for anyone else to die.
Sherry is enough, right?
(Mitsuhiko) Wow, I was scared to death.
I didn't expect Haibara to go to compartment B of car 7.
Since it was the dead man's compartment, it was open.
It's bad luck that Ai got dizzy coming back from the toilet.
Come on, don't call so much, she's tired and you'll wake her up.
I'm sorry.
"Sure."
"The Yukiko must have considered
that it was the only place where she would be safe and kept it from her."
"So, the call the nano made would be to throw me off the scent...
And make me not move from the compartment."
"But then... who was it?"
"Who was the girl you saw die in Bourbon?"
"Did you mean it? Was it true that they had another collaborator?"
Miagetara haru no ame machi ni ORITE kita.
Kimi no aruku michi nurashite yuku.
Kinou sasatta Toge no you na kimi no kotoba Hitotsu.
Mada Honto wa nani mo shiranai yo.

Sunao ni nareba
kodoku nante nai yo
Hitori de wa nai kara!
Donna Mirai
kimi to mira.
Sono hitomi no shita he tono tashikame ni iku yo.
Yukkuri to ORITE iku kara!
"But then... who was it?"
"Who was the girl in Bourbon you've seen die?"
"You were serious? Was it true that they had another collaborator?"
(Sonoko) Ah... What a disappointment!
With all the mess, in the end in Kid has not appeared.
And, with all that has happened,
the train won't be operational for a while.
"Shut up. What if...?"
Oh, sorry.
In the end you've gone a hair's breadth, eh?
"No... The 'special guest' was..."
(Kid voice) You could have told me, that this group was so dangerous.
If I hadn't hidden the hang glider in the warehouse,
I would have turned to charcoal by now.
"Knowing you, I already knew you would have your resources."
Well, after this we can say we're even.
"And to spare!"
Don't forget to send this cell phone...
to the detective agency, huh?
Wha...?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
"Coi de chiquillo!"
Right, you guys actually pay the Kid and an assistant of his?
Eh?
But... that t'empatolles, now, handsome?
Miss Sumitomo is in Kid and Mrs. Komin, the assistant.
And as the assistant did not just come out
doing the voice of Mrs. Komin,
she pretends to talk while Kid uses ventriloquism,
and with the veil of the hat you wanted to hide it
so that it would not be so noticeable.

(Kid voice) That's why you wanted me to run down the hallway, right?
Yes.
Because I suspected that if you left the lady alone, she wouldn't be able to talk.
Besides, all the survivors of a fire...
are terrified to death of fire,
but a little while ago the lady lit her pipe like it was nothing.
She can thank me now because I turned a blind eye,
and you haven't helped me at all
because she didn't want this case to splash on her.
That's good.
And what exactly do you want me to do to thank you?
I want you to dress up as this girl
and get rid of the bastards who are after her.
You can wear headphones
because the real one is telling you that you have to say them from somewhere else.
Didn't you say we were even?
You owe me this one, detective.
"Now I get it."
"You had an unbeatable cast, Yukiko."
Mm?
Sera.
That's just as well.
I found this hat down the hall.
It's you, isn't it?
Oh, yes, it is.
Oh, thank you. Thank you.
"What was the hallway doing?"
Yeah, so much.
Do you want to come?
They're all there.
"I want the files from before and after the Akai's death."
"I'd like to go through them all again."
Very well.
"I can see I'll have to re-investigate everything from scratch."
Don't open!
Ha-ha!
I knew it!
So Mr. Mouri is there too, then?
How can you talk about murder
if the corpse blocks access to the crime scene?
Well, it's that... The truth is that in Conan he was inside...
"And, on top of that, it's an impossible crime."
"Another murder behind closed doors?"
Don't miss the next episode: "In Conan in the locked room".

