(Shinichi's voice) "After getting involved
"In the Bell Tree Express murder.........
"we not only managed to solve the case,
"but we also found out that the man with the burns
"who was circling the train was Vermouth in disguise.
"On the other hand, the shadow that Haibara is haunting is revealed,
who returns to adulthood."
Ahem, ahem!
Ahem, ahem!
Ahem, ahem, ahem!
(Man) I can tell you're the daughter of the Hell's Angel.
You really do look alike.
It's nice to meet you.
Bourbon.
Evidently, it's my code name.
(Shinichi voice) "With the help of my mother,
"Subaru Okiya and the Kaito Kid, who was also on the train in disguise,
"I have managed to protect Haibara for the time being...
and free her from the clutches of the Organization."
Next time I'd like you to explain earlier, if possible.
I couldn't believe it.
Well, it's just that...
I entered compartment B of car 7 predisposed to die.
I didn't understand what your mother was doing there.
How do you think I was left,
when she told me she was taking care of the rest?
And then you come into the compartment and endosses me the cell phone.
(Shinichi voice) "In Kaito Kid has disguised himself as you
and it's with one of the members of the Men in Black."
"Take this and tell him that he must answer him."
I didn't know anymore if it was a joke or what was going on!
It's just that on this occasion
we still hadn't been able to ascertain for sure that they were going to the train.
And it wasn't until my mother wrote to me to tell me
that Vermouth had boarded the train,
I wasn't alert either.
Besides, our compartment was bugged?
and I had to keep a close eye on what I was saying.
As in Subaru I had your cell phone hacked,
with the Vermouth's message he got worried
and that's why he came looking for you, but...
Pirated?
Thank goodness you hid in compartment B of car 7,
as I had foreseen.
And this Subaru, may I know who he is?
And can we also know why you have your mother living in your house?
Ah..., no, no...
Can you explain it to me?
Don't worry, he's one of us.
And my mother is not always there, just some weekends.
And we got something good out of it all.
Because now we know for sure that the Amuro, the Poirot's bartender,
is actually Bourbon of the Men in Black.
Now that you mention it,
you can tell he hasn't been back to work since that day.
He just called to say he wasn't feeling well.
Yes, and I'm still not clear why he was working, al Poirot,
but, frankly, I don't think he'll be back.
Because we've had the great good fortune that he's swallowed the fact that you lost your life in that explosion.
that you lost your life in that explosion.
Although, if he had stayed,
it would have been great for me to continue investigating him.
I don't care.
If you do something like that to me again, I won't forgive you.
Because I'm not fooled by anyone.
I didn't like the way you treated me!
Oh, of course...
That's your way of thanking me, isn't it?
You wish.
I don't care.
She shows her affection like that.
Well, I don't see affection anywhere.
(Shinichi voice) "To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"Today I wake up in a locked room. I don't know how I got there."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "On Conan in the locked room."
(Kogoro) Gee, boy, I'm sorry!
Nor was it necessary to compensate us
for all the Bell Tree Express entanglements.
And even less that we were invited to Izu's chalet.
(Kogoro, thinks) "But we'll be able to play as much as we want on the slopes,
"And that means...
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"

"Beautiful girls playing tennis to give and sell!"
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I can't wait!"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure, it's just that the new one we went to was raining."
See?
I've already told you, that there was no need.
Ha-ha-ha!
I know, it's just an excuse.
What I want... is to play tennis for training.
Oh, is that so?
Do you have a tournament before?
Ha-ha-ha!
No, I have something much more important than a tournament.
Look at this and you'll understand everything.
It's in Kyogoku!
"Hello, Sonoko. How are you?"
"Lately, besides practicing karate,
I've also started playing tennis."
"I'm sending you this video to let you know that the next time I come here
I'd like to play together."
Wow, what a shocker!
He invited you to play tennis!
I can't believe it!
It will be so romantic.
Both of us alone on the court...
(Conan voice) Then, I don't know why you want to train.
(Conan voice) Oh... You have to explain everything, eh?!
I'm from the tennis club,
and I can't let a beginner beat me just like that!
Well then, why don't you ask for some help from a friend?
Oh, no, they're a bunch of inept people.
They would help me fall.
But neither the father nor I know that much, either.
We won't be able to teach you anything.
You don't need to suffer, that's why.
Don't you, Mr. Mouri?
No, because I got you a very special trainer.
(Shinichi, thinks) "A very special trainer?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "How?"
You look like Christmas!
Unbelievable, Amuro!
You're a cracker!
Well..., I've been playing since I was little.
Wow, how embarrassing!
(Shinichi, thinking) "What's he doing here?"
Isn't it true that you won a junior tournament?
The owner of the Poirot told me and I didn't believe it.
Yes, but soon after I got a shoulder injury...
and I can't do this kind of service very often.
But if it's just to teach, no problem.
And are you feeling well now, or what?
I'm fine!
Thank you very much.
Because I was told you were sick.
Yes, but it was just a cold.
At the beginning of next week I plan to return to the Poirot.
(Shinichi, thinks) "As you say?!"
By the way, how come we have such a large audience?
You never know.
Maybe they think a professional gambler has come.
-Mm.
-Well then, let's start playing, shall we?
Watch out, the ball is dangerous.
No, it's not with the ball, I have to watch.
- (both) Eh?!
Watch out!
Ouch!
(both) Oh!
Ouch...!
Oh, Conan, did you hurt yourself?!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Watch out, Ran. Don't go near this one."
"It's... one of the members...
the Men in Black..."
(Man) He's been unconscious for quite a while,
but it's most likely a mild concussion.
But if his extremities go numb,
or nausea and dizziness, you should be taken to the hospital.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
Thank goodness it turned out to be nothing.
Goodbye, and thank you very much.
Where are we now?
This isn't Sonoko's villa, is it?
No, the one who threw the racket at you lives here.
It's my house, yes.
I'm sorry, pretty boy.
My hands were sweaty and it slipped out.
I've already warned you.
If you had put a tape on the handle nothing would have happened.
- (man) Oh, what a pity!
-You know you sweat a lot.
If I had not run out of battery in my cell phone,
I would have been able to record the moment of impact
and I would have already posted it on the Internet.
He would have titled: "Child attacked by a killer tennis racket".
That the child has been done wrong, eh!
This is in very bad taste.
It was a joke, man.
I said it to lower the tension a little.
Well, it's not funny at all.
Surely one of these little jokes killed the Uryu!
Don't get angry.
If we from the club have met after such a long time.
it was precisely to commemorate the Uryu's anniversary.
-The Uryu wouldn't like it.
-He's right.
Let's not fight, okay?
-That's right.
-(Saburo) Yes.
(Saburo) Come on, we've already been told that the nano is fine!
Listen, do you want to play against us?
In fact, we are 4 boys and 4 girls.
-I don't say no, I don't say no.
-We can have a mixed doubles match.

Besides, playing is the best training, no doubt.
It's fine with me if we play, but first we rest a bit.
Maybe so.
We haven't stopped all morning and we've been sweating a lot.
- (Stomach: little stomach)
-Yes, and I'm hungry.
I'm hungry too!
Gee, now that you mention it....
We've made noodles and there are leftovers, would you like to stay for lunch?
-Are you sure we're not disturbing you?
-Of course, of course!
We'd love to.
And now!
It's the least I can do.
As you wish, then, but I will not want.
I'll finish yesterday's ice cream cake in my room.
But...
If you only eat cake, t'engreixaràs more, you do not see?
It gives me!
We'll help you make the food and set the table.
You wait here sitting, do not suffer.
Ah... Ran, listen...
Who brought me here?
I want to know.
It's important.
The Amuro.
And he also took care of you until the doctor came.
He's been very good, there's no denying it.
Conan?
Where have you been?
Conan, where are you?
He's not here, he told me he was going to Ishiguro's room.
And then... I saw the two of them going upstairs.
He told me that here... that here the air conditioning didn't work.
It's true, it doesn't cool at all.
Conan!
We'll bring you lunch.
Open up!
Leave him, he must have fallen asleep.
Nothing will happen to him either, if he doesn't eat.
You're right, you're right.
And it seems that the air here works perfectly.
(Noboru) What are you saying?!
How can it be that the Ishiguro hasn't come out yet?
It's already after 3 o'clock!
At this rate it's going to get dark.
We've been knocking on the door for a long time.
But it's locked, he must be asleep.
- (all) Hey?!
- (thumping)
Oysters!
What was that?
Didn't it come from Ishiguro's room?
What happened?
(Shinichi, thinking) "What was that noise?"
"It was as if something fell."
"Blow, I'm frying, in this room!"
"Why do they turn off the air conditioner, when I sleep? There's no right!"
"What?!"
Kotone, don't you have a copy of all the keys, you?
Yes, but just the key to this room,
since yesterday I can't find it anywhere.
What are you doing!
It's a bit dangerous, but I'll see if I can get in through the window.
If it's open, it won't cost me anything,
but if not, at least I'll be able to see if anything has happened.
We understand.
It's not the first time we've done this either.
No, but there's a good stretch, this time, and I didn't get out.
Because you have vertigo, woman, it's normal.
(Amuro) If you want, I can try to open the door.
-Do as I say.
- (all) Eh?
I've mastered it a bit, that.
How good you are, Amuro!
There, I've already opened it.
You look like the Kaito Kid.
I have a friend who works in a security company
and I asked him to teach me how to do it.
Well, it's a very useful skill to be a good detective.
There's something blocking the entrance.
Don't open it!
Conan, what are you doing?
Don't open the door.
Because what's blocking it is the Ishiguro's corpse.
(Shinichi, think) "And on top of it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "And, on top of that....,
it's an impossible crime!"
"Another murder behind closed doors?"
How ?!
A murder behind closed doors?
But, how can it be?!
(Conan's voice) The door leading into the room
has been locked by the victim.
And the windows were also locked from the inside.
Let's see, Conan, I know that Mouri is an idol for you...
and that you like mysteries a lot,
but look, the victim is dressed in sportswear,
and the tennis racket underneath has the mark of a blow.
And look, on the shelf near his head...
there's a similar mark.
And, finally, we can assume...
that the bronze vase on his shoulder was here..,
on one of the shelves.
Therefore, the victim must have been practicing with the racket,
slipped...
and collided with the shelf.
Then, when he bent down to pick it up...
The pain must have been so intense that he fell face up...
and died here by the door.
Are you sure?
If it were as you explain,
the racket would have to be closer to the shelf.
And if it hurt him as much as he says it did,

such a fat vase would not have fit over his shoulder.
Ah...
Also, here on the floor, in front of the cabinet,
there is a mark
as if the vase had hit this area.
I was sleeping, but I woke up when I heard a very loud noise.
If what I felt was the vase falling, it couldn't have been an accident,
it can't have been an accident.
Man...
What?
Why not?
Because I got up right away to touch the corpse and the jar
and on both the one and the other, the blood was dry.
Oh!
So, this means...
that the Ishiguro was already dead before we felt the noise,
and that when the vase fell,
the blood must have been there for some time already.
Ben... well seen.
The noise I'm talking about seems to have been felt also by
all the other people in the house;
you can ask for it.
Aaa... but then...
how-how did it fall to the floor, the blood-stained jar?
I don't know.
And how could they have dragged it, a corpse that weighs so much?
So that the Ishiguro was a little greasy.
How did they do it, without leaving a trace of blood on the ground?
I still don't know how to explain this,
but what is certain...
is that he has murdered one of the three people
who have come to this house with him...
and who are now on the other side of the door.
Mm!
Of that there is no doubt.
Or at least that's what Mr. Mouri would say.
Ha-ha!
I knew it!
We've met, haven't we?
Mm-hm.
So Mr. Mouri is there too?
Hey, Conan, what were you doing, you, in this room?
Ah, it's just that I hit my head with a racket earlier...
that went flying.
In fact, I fainted and everything.
The racket flew away from a girl,
a girl by the name of Kotone Momozono,
who is actually the owner of this house.
And since it's just to the right of the tennis court,
they brought me here and sent for a doctor to take a look at me.
Then they let me sleep for a while in this room.
First I had laid down on the couch in the living room,
but the air conditioning wasn't working very well there
and in the end I decided to come here.
Well, but, as far as I can see, the air conditioning is not on here either.
No, and I don't know why it's off,
but when I woke up it was already off.
Interesting, eh...?
Hey, and what's on the table?
Can you tell me what it is?
Ah, yes, it's ice cream cake.
He says it was left over from last night's dinner.
and the Ishiguro said he'd eat it for lunch.
It's well-done, though.
(Kogoro) What?
A murder behind closed doors?
How can you talk about "murder"
if the corpse blocks access to the crime scene?
Well..., well, it is that...
the truth is that in Conan he was inside,
and he says that he has touched the corpse and the jar
right after he heard the noise,
and that the blood... that there was already very dry.
Really?
And what should he know, he, if more time has passed or less?
He must not touch either quarters or hours, with the blow he has given himself on the head.
Besides, we can't be absolutely sure...
that the noise we felt was from the falling vase.
And he thinks that someone who is clever enough to perpetrate such a crime
wouldn't make a mistake that would give him away so easily.
It just didn't have to go that way.
Surely the killer has made two miscalculations that he didn't count on.
that he didn't count on.
The first one is on Conan,
who slept in the same room covered with a sheet.
And the second, obviously, is the door,
which was locked but which I opened immediately.
If it hadn't been for that,
when they saw that the Ishiguro did not leave the room,
they would have tried to enter through the window
and they would have found it locked,
and the police would have had to come and burst it.
This would have caused him to have a good time and,
with the heat that was in the room,
they wouldn't have been surprised to find the blood dried.
Besides, even if it had been one of them....
who had gained access to the room through the window,
what would have surprised them is the corpse,
and they would not have noticed whether the blood was dried or not.
The police would have come later and they would only have been told...

that the corpse was at the door and blood was coming out of his head.
Thank you!
I congratulate you.
By the way, can you tell me who this is?
Well..., a detective, the first disciple I have.
What a ?!
"The... first disciple"?!
Yes, my brilliant deductions...
convinced him to come and learn with me.
Of that, Mr. Mouri...,
I was convinced that your first disciple was me;
I don't know why you come to me with these, now.
Wow!
What are you saying?
Anyway, what do you think if we ask the 3 people...
who were already in the house before the murder?
Because they seem to be the only three who had...
any motive to kill the victim.
W-but what are you saying?
I-insinuating that the murderer is one of us?
(Shinichi, think) "Yes. There's no doubt about that."
"The problem, however, is the locked room."
"How did he, the murderer, get out of the crime scene?"
"The windows were locked from the inside."
"And on the side where the front door opens
was the Ishiguro's corpse."
"Although we assume that the murderer is the one who has the copy of the key.........
"With the body there, it would have been impossible for him
to open the door and get out."
"On the other hand, from the outside of the room...
there is no way to leave the corpse in the position in which we found it."
"Gee, boy! How could he have done it, the murderer!"
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
We have not found the copy of the key to the Ishiguro's room.
By the way, how is this key?
Exactly the same as the one that was...
in the corpse's pocket.
We don't know why, but we found water inside the vase.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure! That explains everything."
"He has used this material in a variable way
to perpetrate the crime!"
"And he has shown... admirable cunning!"
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!
" 'A mystery solved with in Bourbon'."

