"To make up for the Bell Tree Express incident,
Sonoko invites us to the chalet she has in Izu."
"Once there, I discover
that the Amuro has also come to coach her."
Conan, did you hurt yourself?
Ouch!
"An unexpected incident brings us to the house
the members of a tennis club."
"When I wake up I see a strange corpse near where I was sleeping."
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"With Bourbon, I solve another crime behind closed doors."
"But what does he want from me, this man? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu.
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau.
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete.
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"A mystery solved with in Bourbon."
(Woman) Yes.
Yes I have gone, in the Ishiguro's room.
To ask him if he wanted cold noodles for lunch.
But he said no, he had enough with yesterday's ice-cream cake.
-Well, then what did he do?
-Okay, thank you.
Well, I ate with everyone in the kitchen and then I went to take a shower.
That's right, Ran and Sonoko took a shower, didn't they?
Yes, and after the shower, I spent the whole time with them,
until Machi and I went to see if Ishiguro wanted anything.
And when did he disappear, the copy of the key to his room?
Last night, I think.
I had it in the drawer of the small table in my room.
(Woman) It's true, we did go.
Kotone and I wanted to see how Ishiguro was doing.
And it is the only time you have gone?
No, I also went before taking a shower.
I wanted to warn him not to go into the shower.
Because sometimes he wanted to spy on me.
-Yes.
-And you took a shower after the Kotone?
And then, the Ishiguro was in the room?
At that time he didn't answer me either,
but I imagine he was, because he had the air on.
And what else did he do, apart from taking a shower?
Oh, what a pain!
I helped prepare the food,
I have done the maintenance of the girls' rackets.
The thing is that I've been with other people all the time.
(Man) Yes, I've been there too.
To apologize.
It's just that before lunch we had a fight and I owed him an apology.
And did you go before or after Miss Machi took a shower?
I don't know when she took a shower, Miss Machi,
but I went after clearing the table
and before taking out the garbage.
This discussion is true.
It was about a friend from the club who died, wasn't it?
Yes.
This past winter a friend of ours, the Uryu, died.
We went skiing with the club members and found him dead in the snow,
behind the cabin.
The snow there was about two meters thick,
and the Ishiguro said that with so much snow,
"He could jump from the second floor and everything."
"He took it seriously and jumped."
Yesterday was the anniversary of the Uryu,
so we decided to stay and celebrate.
Since he spoiled his birthday last year....
How do you mean?
What happened?
It's just that last year at this time we all came here as well.
and, since it was the Uryu's birthday,
the Ishiguro proposed to scare him.
"So, while he was sleeping, we entered his room through the window
and we threw rockets of streamers in his ear."
"The Uryu got so scared that he started crying and everything."
"And, on top of that, the Ishiguro filmed it with his cell phone....
and then posted it on the Internet.
Well, it wouldn't be foolish to say...
that the three of you had every reason to want to murder the Ishiguro.
What does this say?
That I only went there now, in his room!
Before I have not set foot at all!

I have spent the whole time here, I have not moved at any time!
I have answered everything they have asked me,
and I remind you that we have had the nano stretched in the Ishiguro's room
because the air doesn't work here.
-Is this true?
-And it was me who proposed it!
Yes.
Then I met the Ishiguro in the hallway
and he took me there himself.
Do you really think I would kill him knowing that the child is sleeping there?
No.
It doesn't make sense.
Hm... Leaving aside the method,
there's no question...
that the only thing that could have moved the corpse is the boy, in Takanashi,
because the Ishiguro was fat.
That's true.
But what the girls could do
is lift the upper part of the body.
"Maybe they leaned the corpse against the door
so that it would fall when they closed it."
No, because the part of the buttocks was also blocking the door,
therefore, it is not possible.
And we still haven't found the copy of the key to the Ishiguro's room.
By the way, how is this key?
Exactly the same as the one in the corpse's pocket.
No one has located it yet.
Maybe it was thrown in the trash.
Well, Ran and I helped take it out of the trash.
What's that?
Hm.
We basically put it in the trunk of Takanashi's car.
He said he'd take it and throw it away at home.
I'm sure the key is inside the bags, then.
-Yes.
-Investigate it.
Is there anyone else who asked you to do something?
Well, the Kotone asked me...
to leave the sports drink in the freezer, and evidently I did.
A sports drink?
Why is that?
You can tell she likes to drink it iced.
Yes, it's the bottle that Kotone had when we were all worried...
"Because the Ishiguro wouldn't come out."
She must have gotten rid of it and wanted to freeze it again.
And with this excuse there's hidden the key.
But there is no key!
Besides, after taking a shower, he took the drink out of the freezer...
and let me drink a little, but almost all of it was ice.
Oh, by the way, Machi will have our rackets, right?
To put the tape on the handle.
Yes, she said she'd put a new one on.
And she said she would also change the strings while she was at it.
(Officer) Inspector Yokomizo.
We rummaged through the trash and didn't find any keys.
(Officer) All right.
As for the sports drink in the freezer,
it's completely frozen.
It's not very likely that there's a key.
All right, good.
What about the rackets?
We've gone through them all thoroughly,
but we haven't found any hidden keys.
Speaking of rackets, the strings of the one under the body...
were a little deformed in some places.
-No.
-And do you know why?
On the other hand, the shape of the blood-stained vase matches...
with the wound on the corpse's head, but there's something strange about it.
We don't know why, but we found water inside the vase.
"Water?"
Water?
To the murder weapon?
By the way, the estimated time of death...
is two to three hours before the time the body was found.
Although, depending on the temperature of the room,
it could also be half an hour before or half an hour after.
And we have had lunch here with 3 suspects
about 3 hours before the body was found,
so anyone could have committed the crime at one time or another.
Are you sure, kid, that you haven't seen her, the murderer?
But she was sleeping like a log.
You didn't move from the room?
Then you didn't even notice
that Sonoko and I have come to bring you cold noodles, have you?
No, I didn't.
I'm not aware.
What's that?
Come to think of it, Ran...
It's just that you said something that struck me as odd.
Leave him alone, he must have fallen asleep.
He won't be hurt either, if he doesn't eat.
You're right.
And it seems that the air here works perfectly.
And how did you know, that it was going well?
We were outside the room.
Woman, I just felt fresh air at my toes.
It was probably the air inside, escaping under the door.
"Come to think of it, the Machi said something similar."
But I imagine she did, because she had the air on.
Eh?

"Sure. That explains it all."
"He has used this material in a variable way
to perpetrate the crime."
"And he has shown admirable cunning."
And something, let's see.
Are you sure it wasn't an accident?
The Ishiguro's body had fallen so that it was blocking the door,
and if he had the racket under his ass,
maybe he dropped it on the floor and, when he was picking it up,
the shelf accidentally moved
and the vase fell on his head.
Besides, that room was locked.
And they haven't been able to find the copy yet, have they?
No.
We're searching the area around the house right now.
But so far, nothing.
I know it's beside the point, but what bad handwriting.
"Perfect, he's sitting down."
What counts is that he understands me.
"I'll do as I always do. I'll shoot him with an anesthetic dart and..."
Eh?
Hm?
What are you doing, Conan?
It's just that my watch cover came off.
"That's right."
"Having said that, it's risky to do the Sleeping Kogoro number."
"Because it's actually in Bourbon, a member of the Men in Black."
"If he were to find out that I'm Shinichi shrunk by that drug.
"As much as Vermouth keeps it a secret,
sooner or later they would find out that Haibara has also become small."
And another thing...
Couldn't it be that the noise we heard earlier from down here
was the vase falling to the ground?
At that time
in the room there was only the corpse and the sleeping child.
And a vase is very difficult to drop by itself.
So, maybe we just felt the house creaking.
Think that while we were eating the cold noodles we heard it creaking,
and the sound was different.
Something.
Isn't it true that to prepare cold noodles you must use ice?
Yes, first you boil the noodles,
and then put them in ice water to cool them down.
That's enough.
Let's not get distracted from the subject, now.
Man, but... The ice melts, doesn't it?
Of course it melts, it's obvious.
Well, it occurred to me...
that if the vase were made of ice, it would melt and fall by itself.
Don't be an ass.
It would be quite normal.
But if it's bronze, that vase.
And you should know, because you've touched it and everything.
Yes, but... Wait a minute, wait a minute.
If one of the halves of the vase was full of ice cubes
and had been left at least on the end of the shelf,
in just the right place so that it wouldn't fall,
after a while the cubes would fall apart,
the vase would lose its balance and end up falling.
If someone had taken the time to pick up the cubes and carry them there, we would have noticed,
we would have noticed.
No, it can be done without anyone seeing.
How?
While we were making the cold noodles,
the three of them were dressed in tennis gear.
The pants the boys wear have pockets big enough to fit a tennis ball.
to fit a tennis ball,
and it's also easy to find skirts with pockets to hold balls.
A-okay, but....
although it's possible that the vase fell on its own,
"It's impossible to leave the corpse behind the door."
"There wasn't even any sign that it had been dragged."
This makes me think that ice is a material that slides very well.
-Of course!
I know how they did it.
-Here we go again, heavy!?
Think a little.
The victim had a racket under his ass.
"They put ice cubes under the racket
to move the corpse by sliding it around."
And the proof is that the strings have been deformed.
Clever, Sonoko!
Very good, but if they had done it that way, there would have been water left on the floor,
the ice cubes would have melted, just like the vase,
and the pants would have been left with springs.
And as far as I know, we haven't seen any of this.
No?
Are you sure?
If it's not that there's some kind of ice
that can melt without leaving any trace.
Ah, there is!
Dry ice, right?
As dry ice is carbon dioxide,
it disappears without leaving water.
Oh, it does?
Let's not be too hasty, dry ice is not so easy to transport.
It's not like normal ice, you can't touch it with your hands.
He had Ishiguro himself brought it to him.
Instead of eating,

he took the box of iced cake in the room, didn't he?
"Surely the dry ice was in there."
I gather that the murderer, after killing the Ishiguro with the vase,
"left a few pieces of dry ice on the floor.
and, on top of it, he has placed the racket and passed a rope at one end."
"Then he's placed the corpse on top of it,
"He has left the room
and stretched the rope to bring it closer to the door."
"Evidently, he didn't tie the rope so he could retrieve it."
Now I understand.
That's why I from outside felt fresh air to my toes.
"So that dry ice was near the door."
Now that I fall, you mentioned that too, didn't you, miss?
Yes.
And you?
Haven't you noticed it, the air?
-I haven't noticed anything either.
-Well, no.
Although, as I thought that the nano must have been sleeping inside,
I didn't want to stay too long.
I get it.
I finally know who killed him.
What's that?
What?
For starters, the person who says she's also noticed the fresh air,
the Machi can be taken off the list of suspects.
And Takanashi too,
because he knew that the nano was sleeping in that room.
I think there is no one who would be so unconscious
to commit a murder next to a sleeping child.
Therefore, the one who is left....
is the one who has gone to the Ishiguro's room before them
and who has bought enough time for the ice and dry ice to melt.
-Eh?
-The Kotone Momozono.
You are the only one who could have committed this murder.
Or will you deny it to me?
Pa... stop the cart, Mr. Mouri.
Are you sure you don't want to do it as usual?
-Sleeping Kogoro's posture.
-How?
"For once he says something that makes sense..."
(Clears throat)
Now I will explain the steps the Kotone has followed.
"First she hid the ice in the pocket of her skirt.
"While preparing the cold noodles, and said:
(High-pitched voice) 'I'm going to ask the Ishiguro if he will want to eat.'"
"And then he has gone to her room."
"There, he has murdered her near the door,
"He has put the ice inside the vase, the murder weapon,
"He put it on the shelf, left the room...
"And he has placed the corpse in such a way as to block the door
with the trick we just explained."
"What she didn't know
is that in the room there was also the little boy sleeping."
Then the Kotone has returned to the kitchen and said:
(high-pitched voice) "Nothing. He keeps saying he doesn't want noodles."
And she began to eat as if it was nothing.
Here's how she did it to commit the murder behind closed doors.
A detective like me can't be fooled just like that.
Ha-ha-ha!
When he explains it awake, it's not very believable.
So where's the copy of the key?
Not at all.
-The key.
-What? -Because the room was locked.
Because the room was locked.
Man, I guess it must be somewhere or other.
It'll come out.
Yes?
By the way, maybe the ice...?
That ice what?
Maybe it's called "ice" so that the water freezes?
-Ah.
-What about me, nano?
Speaking of ice, we have the sports drink that she drank.
-No, that's impossible.
-I'm sure the key is in there.
She let me drink some of it and the liquid was so frozen
that practically not a drop came out of the bottle.
And if the key has hidden it before freezing it?
It could be, couldn't it?
Well, then we would surely be able to see it at the bottom of the bottle,
because the key is heavy.
That's easy.
All we'd need is some kind of magic water
that freezes just when you put the key in.
Donkey!
You've seen too many movies, there's no such thing!
-(Bourbon) Of course.
- (Bourbon) Of course.
The water subfundidas.
It is water that remains in a liquid state
even after reaching a temperature below
below freezing.
But if it receives an external stimulus, it starts to freeze immediately.
To make it, a towel is wrapped around the bottle....
so that it cools evenly
and leave it for 4 or 5 hours in the freezer at negative 5 degrees.
If you shake it, the water starts to freeze from the top,
following the surface of the bottle.

"Therefore, I deduce....
"That the Kotone has put the key into the drink in a subfossil state,
"shook it, and when it started to freeze at the top, turned it over,
"Because the key will be right in the middle
when the freezing process was finished."
"It must have been before he left it in the Sonoko."
Because sports drinks have dense colors
and freeze in a gelatinous form, the key inside can't be seen.
You mean if we let the drink thaw...?
Yes.
We will surely find it.
And also the evidence proving that the Kotone is the killer.
Hey, wait until we find the key to accuse her!
Yes, because if it's not there, you'll have to screw up hard!
Let it be.
Because it is there.
You'll find the copy of the key with my fingerprints on it.
And, to top it off,
in my haste I dropped the key in the Ishiguro's blood.
Wow!
"And I've tasted it, this blood drink!"
But how come you wanted to kill her?
It's obvious, isn't it?
To avenge the Uryu.
Because it turns out she was in love.
You mean because of the joke she played on him
and that the Uryu took it literally, right?
It's true that, no matter how much snow there is,
it's silly to say that you could jump from there,
and it's true that it was Ishiguro who said it, but...
The day the Uryu's corpse was taken away,
at night, I couldn't sleep and went out on the balcony.
"Down below was the Ishiguro digging in the snow."
"At first I thought he was doing it
"Because I couldn't believe that the Uryu was dead.
"And I was looking for her even though I knew it was impossible for her to be,
but what he was really looking for was the scarf around his neck."
"The smile he made when he found it explained everything."
I understood that the Uryu had not jumped into the snow on its own,
but had been pushed.
-No!
Was it the Ishiguro?
-What?
Yes.
While falling, unconsciously,
he must have scratched the Ishiguro's scarf.
Surely he intended to go to look for
when he was already exhausted from trying so hard to get out of the snow.
The Uryu lost his strength trying to get out of those two meters of snow,
like in a bottomless swamp, and by the time we found it, it was too late.
But it went wrong.
I just wanted to make sure
that the Ishiguro kept the cake for lunch.
That's why I threw the racket that way,
to slightly hurt whoever it was,
and with this excuse to invite them home
and make us go more at lunchtime,
but I didn't imagine that it would land on the head of a child.
and that she would be accompanied by the great detective Kogoro Mouri.
I guess I was stuck in a bottomless swamp too.
and the more I tried to get out,
the deeper I sank into misery and mourning.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
Yes, the case has been solved.
- (woman) "Ah, yes?"
-And thanks to Detective Mouri.
"And how long do you plan to stay, with this detective?"
When you told me that you wanted to get closer,
I supported you
because you said you suspected that he had something to do with Sherry,
but it's over now, isn't it?
Because luckily we got some information about her
and we've already sent him to the other neighborhood.
No, on the contrary, now I'm even more interested,
this detective they call Sleeping Kogoro.
But-but who is he?
(Man) "He-he! There's someone who's about to die because of him."
Aaaaah !!!
I saw her looking out the window and immediately remembered the old days.
And I wanted to give her a call.
Will you shut up!
What did you say on the phone?
(Kogoro voice) "Hello, Inspector. Soc in Mouri."
I'm calling to ask you a favor.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Trap for a famous detective'."

