Eeh!
I didn't know it was gone, the restaurant.
I had already been told that they wanted to build a building.
What a pity!
It used to eat so well!
Well, we can leave now.
Yes, it's a pity.
Now that I look at it,
they're building a lot of new buildings in this area.
There's another one.
Yes, there used to be a very good bakery.
Here there was a very old house.
And here's another one.
There used to be a bookstore.
And there's another one.
Yes, they are making the whole new neighborhood.
And here another one!
What was here?
Eh?
They are also doing works here?
There were some very old public toilets.
I remember I had come here a couple of times.
That's strange.
It says here that now they're going to build a spa.
Oh, my goodness!
So much for so much, they could have left what was there.
So much for so much.
Anyway, in the end it's all about doing business.
Yes, but I think it's a bit sad...
that the old businesses are disappearing.
Me too.
(rumbling)
What-what happened?!
Hurry, hurry!
Call an ambulance!
Yes!
Ran!
Call an ambulance!
Mr. Inomata is not here!
He was in the smoking area a while ago.
Maybe he's still... Oysters!
-Yes, yes!
-Ajudi'm, Mr. Murase!
Iaaaah!
Eh?
Hm.
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A surprising noise in a construction site
and a stunning death trick."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu.
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"Unidentified impact."
All right, fill me in on everything.
(Takagi) Yes, sir.
Today, around 12 o'clock, there was an accident at this site.
A bunch of pipes that were supposed to service the construction site fell down.
The victim is Mr. Yuji Inomata, 56 years old,
owner of the construction site developer.
(Chiba) The cause of death is the impacts he received all over his body,
caused by the pipes that fell on him.
He probably died instantly.
(Kogoro) Inspector, we found a cut in one of the strips holding the pipes...
we found a cut that was made specifically for this purpose.
It would be logical to think of it as a homicide rather than an accident.
Mmm.
Do we know what Mr. Inomata was doing in front of the pile of pipes?
Among the fallen pipes, I saw that there was an ashtray.
That was the smoking area.
The smoking area?
Yes, it could be.
Now that you mention it,
we found a lot of cigarette butts at the victim's feet.
That's normal.
Mr. Inomata smoked a lot.
When he had a free moment, he took advantage of it to smoke.
They are the ones who were on the site at the time of the accident.
And they all have some connection with the construction site.
Mr. Masao Kaneda was Mr. Inomata's driver,
Mr. Takeshi Nojima is the construction site manager,
and the other one is Mr. Naoki Murase, the architect,
who designed the building.
Can you explain to me, one by one, what you were doing before the accident?
Mr. Inomata had asked me...
Inomata had asked me...
to go and get a coffee for the guest.
"I went to get it from the machine behind the building site,"
and when I came back those pipes had already fallen down.
Who does he mean, "the guest"?
A-to yours truly.
He means me.
I came to see Mr. Inomata to work out some details.
What kind of details?
Rather, I-I came to talk to him about the design of the work.
And when I saw that the chauffeur, Mr. Kaneda, was going out to pick up the goods.
Kaneda, was leaving to pick up the coffees,

"I took the opportunity to call my office."
"Then I saw that Mr. Inomata
was going to the smoking area to have a cigarette."
After a while I heard a very loud noise,
and I realized it was coming from the smoking area.
I had stopped for lunch and it was, here, in the offices.
And I also heard the noise of the pipes falling from here.
(Takagi) So, the three of them have gone toward the place of the incident
because they heard the noise of the falling pipes.
This means that, in fact, none of the three of them saw the falling pipes.
Do you consider it to have been an accident, or do you also assess...?
We have not yet ruled out the possibility
that it was a homicide, actually.
By the way, I
I recall that Mr.
Kaneda had asked Mr. Inomata for money.
Inomata.
Oh!
Hey...!
But then again, the other day I heard him say:
"If Mr. Inomata were to disappear from the map,
I'd get rid of all my debts".
Why would I say that, now?!
I will not deceive you!
It's true that I said it!
But it was only because I was very angry at the time!
How can you think that I would be able to kill someone for money?!
I think he would be capable of that and much more.
Well, if we start like that, it could have been you too!
I felt that he was arguing with Mr. Inomata about his fee,
because he wanted to raise them!
Besides, it was you who decided where the smoking area should be.
You did it to get rid of them, because you were sick of dealing with him.
I had nothing against Mr. Inomata.
-Relax, it's no big deal.
-You think you'll cheat me?
And come to think of it, you're a suspect too.
You had it out for Mr. Inomata, too,
because he kept changing the design of the work.
Yes, but I-I wouldn't be able to...
Would you all please calm down?
Say what you want, but I haven't done anything!
(Door: itchy)
Inspector Megure,
this knife was found at the site of the incident.
We have found remains of the nylon tapes that held the pipes.
We can almost be sure
that this is the knife that was used to cut the tape,
which is what caused the pipes to fall.
Very well, thank you very much.
He-he!
With that, the case is solved.
It was Mr. Kaneda.
Yes, you.
-Come on, come on, don't act crazy, now. -Come on, come on, don't act crazy, now.
-What?!
Why do you say it was me?!
This knife is yours.
Look, it's got your name on it.
"You made it look like you were going out to get coffee,
"But when Mr. Murase went to make his call,
you took the opportunity to go around the back,
"you cut one of the straps that held the pipes together
and made the whole pile give way."
And when all the pipes were already on the ground,
you returned to the site, pretending you didn't know what had happened.
Eh?
I think that's impossible.
Of all the bundles of pipes that were piled up on the construction site,
it was the one closest to the smoking area that gave way.
There was no place to hide nearby.
and cut the tape just by reaching out.
In addition, the tape was cut from the side of the smoking area.
Mr. Inomata would have seen it,
and he would have run the risk of having the pipes fall on him...
Shut up!
He did as I said, period!
But how did he do it?
Be that as it may, there is no doubt that Mr. Kaneda is the guilty party.
This knife is his, and it is irrefutable proof.
It is not true!
The knife, I lost it yesterday.
Please don't make any cheap excuses, now.
I don't suppose you won't mind if we ask you some more questions about the knife...
and a few other details?
Of course I don't mind, but I'm telling you now that I didn't do it.
Oh, do you mind if I go to the washroom for a moment?
I should also go make a phone call to the office.
Go ahead, but I'll want to talk to you two again later.
Don't go too far, please.
"From what the coroner has said,
it's clear that the tape was cut with that knife."
"But can it be that anyone would risk such an action,

Knowing that he was also in danger?"
"Besides, the noise that was felt..."
(rumbling)
"This is..."
What?
Ah, a-this here?
Do you happen to know what this is?
It was the mock-up of the construction site design
that Mr. Murase had proposed to Mr. Inomata,
but since he turned it down, we finally threw it away.
Ah!
This was the tile fish in the public baths.
It was in the main bathtub
and it was exactly as if there was a carp inside.
OSPA, I have to go to the washroom.
You're here, Conan!
Finally I find you!
Be careful, it's very dangerous to wander around.
I have to go to the regular bathroom, but now your father is here.
Can you walk me to the one in the next building?
I'm sorry to have bothered you like this.
I'm sorry.
And now.
It's no bother at all.
Thank you, Mr. Director.
Ah!
Conan!
You hurt yourself?!
Ah!
How serious that!
The floor is slippery, because it has just been waxed.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, it's all right.
And sorry to have disturbed you.
Do you mind if I buy a bottle of tea from the machine?
No, and now, on the contrary.
Go right ahead.
Oh, it's not cold.
The machine's still cooling the drinks.
Oh, look at that.
That's right, it's true.
Everything all right?
Hasn't the machine refiller come, though?
Not today.
We're closed today, because we're doing renovations.
Can you come for a moment, Mr. Director?
Yes, I'll be right back.
I'm sorry, but I have to leave.
Come and see when we're open.
Of course, of course!
What, so, can we go back now?
Eh?
Where are you going, Conan?!
Can't you see you'll fall again?!
(Shinichi's voice) This is...
What are you doing, Conan?
Nothing happened?
Conan!
Oh!
We already have the results.
There's no doubt
that the prints on the knife are Mr. Kaneda's.
Well, thank you very much.
This means Mr. Kaneda will be coming with us to the police station.
Damn.
So, uh... I can go back to my office and get back to work?
And me too?
If we need you for anything else
we'll get in touch with you.
-Thank you.
-For now, today, you can go.
Do we know if he's coming voluntarily?
Excuse me, can you go get the car, you two?
Yes, right away.
What do you want, Conan?
Hey, listen, Chiba.
(whispers)
Yes.
Mr. Mouri, you say?
But how am I supposed to tell them to believe it wasn't me?
At the police station you'll have all the time in the world to explain this to us.
Ah!
Aaah... aaah...
Father, what's wrong with you?
(Kogoro voice) Don't let anyone leave.
Mr. Kaneda is not to blame.
Kogoro!
May I know what you're up to now?!
The fingerprints on the knife are his.
And you yourself have assured me before that it was him, the culprit.
Yes, I know I said that.
But I would like to review all the facts as they happened.
What I can assure you
is that the culprit is between us.
One of the things I find most strange
is that the knife has appeared here, at the construction site.
It would not be very logical, if it had fallen to the culprit,
but if so, how do you think we would have found it?
How would we have found him?
Where do you want to go?
Please look again for a moment at the place where you found the knife.
Hm?
Along with the ashtray they also found the ashtray,
which is all smashed up because of the weight of the pipes,
and which has evidently been half buried.
Yes, it is half buried.
What about the place where the knife was found?
(Takagi) No marks from the knife, that's right.
(Takagi) That's right.
(Takagi) If the weight of the pipes has crushed a person,
it's hard to think that if the knife was already on the ground,
it didn't leave any marks.
-That it was placed by the culprit.
-And, ah... What does this mean?
He left the knife here when all the pipes were already on the floor.
Eh?
Are you sure about that, Kogoro?
Surely, the culprit stole the knife from Mr. Kaneda yesterday,
"and used it to lightly slice
"the back of one of the straps holding the pile of tubes
and then re-secured them."

"Today, after ascertaining that Mr. Inomata had taken up smoking
and that Mr.
Kaneda had left the construction site, the culprit has left."
Hm.
So, today the culprit did not cut the tape with the knife?
(Kogoro voice) No;
if he had cut the tape,
he would have run the danger that the tubes would also crush it himself.
The culprit has used something else, to cut the tape.
What other thing?
(Kogoro voice) Look at the building next to the construction site.
(Takagi) The Fan Fan, the playground?
(Kogoro) From the window of the prefabricated house at the construction site
(Takagi) You can see the emergency exit of the building next door, right?
(Takagi) Oh!
It's in Chiba!
Yes.
So what?
(Takagi) What do you mean?
I have confirmed that the window of the prefabricated house was open,
and that from the playground
you can see perfectly the piles of pipes on the construction site.
What do you mean?
That they cut the pipe tape from the building next door?
-Inspector Chiba, come in.
- (Takagi) That's impossible.
(Takagi) Okay.
The culprit,
with the power switch on the second floor of the building,
has committed the crime with this other thing I was telling you before,
which is located on the second floor.
Do you want to tell us at once what it is, this other thing?!
-Huh?
-Huh?
...of throwing baseballs.
It's a machine...
That's right.
Around noon, today, when the pile of pipes fell,
the window of the prefabricated house was open.
Later, I found out that the playground is being renovated,
and that's why the emergency door was also open.
In the room with the ball throwing machines
The nets and glass were not yet in place.
"That is, at the time of the incident,
"Between the piles of pipes on the construction site
"And the baseball pitching machine,
there was absolutely no obstacle."
"Surely, the culprit,
"had placed the machine in the pitching position,
and had taken the current out of the building."
"And when he saw that Mr. Inomata was in the smoking area,
he just had to turn it back on."
"With the impact of the baseball," he said,
"The culprit was able to make the pipes give way
and killed Mr. Inomata."
And I believe that the person who committed this grisly crime is...
you, Mr. Murase.
Eh?
I hope you have proof to prove everything you're saying.
The proof is in your shoes.
Specifically, on the soles of your shoes.
Ran, show me the bottom of your shoes.
What?!
From my?
You have.
Hm?
What are these red threads?
(Kogoro voice) They are from the carpet of the Fan Fan, the playground.
If we find the same one on the soles of Mr. Murase's shoes,
it will be proof that he, today, has also entered the playground.
Can you show me the soles of his shoes?
There are also red threads.
But this is only circumstantial evidence.
Four red threads don't make me guilty of anything.
True, maybe it's not conclusive proof,
but it is true that we have found marks of the baseball ball
and, very close by, traces of Mr. Murase's shoes.
You have rushed to the scene of the crime
and hid the ball, which was evidence.
Surely, it must be in the rubble.
And where is this evidence now?
Well, Mr. Murase has not left the site at any time.
Yes, sir.
Take a look.
-We are already at the end of the street, then.
-I've already found him!
But what was his motive for wanting to kill Mr. Inomata?
Did he do it just because I had refused him the design of the work?
No.
I did it because... I hated Mr. Inomata.
"He, until now, had been buying up land very cheaply...
"Using unlawful methods...
by enlarging his chain of spas."
"Among the land he bought in this way..,
were the public baths that had belonged to my parents."
As a result, my mother became very ill and eventually died.
Shortly after my mother's death, my father committed suicide.
But I didn't kill him because he hated me for all this.

"I discovered that there had also been a public restroom here,
"And I designed a building in the hope that it would, at the very least,
would remind me a little bit of what it had been."
But he...
"He said it was old-fashioned,
and there was no point in doing something old and rusty like that."
To me it was an insult.
"My design...
was full of memories of my father,"
and he rejected it.
And that's why I killed Mr. Inomata today!
Because he stepped on my most precious memories, and despised them!
Mr. Murase, I can assure you that I fully understand how you feel,
but for someone to have stepped on your most cherished memories
and even despised them,
doesn't give you the right to kill him.
Besides, Mr. Inomata had a family as well,
and I'm sure they also had memories that were very precious to them,
which you have now also trampled on and despised.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
Come on, father, you'll do great!
Shut up, Ran?!
I'm trying to concentrate!
And now watch carefully,
because you're about to see my super technique.
Aah!
Aah!
Aah!
The back!
I liked the supermegatècnica to fall.
(Shot)
What the...?
What the...?
A murder.
Whatever they say, it's more than obvious that it's a murder case.
Well, in any case...
I think we should re-interview these three people.
The culprit shouldn't have imagined that he would become a suspect so soon.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Everyone was watching (part one)'."

