(Heiji) We have a case, Kudo!
(Heiji) Eh?
(Heiji) Eh?
Hey, Hattori.
Kazuha.
I thought you said "Kudo".
What?
You did, didn't you?
"We have a case, Kudo."
No, you misunderstood me, I meant, "We have a bug case."
Yes, that's what it was.
A Kookie case?
But it's a murder!
A murder?
You came to see me expressly to bring me a case from Osaka?
No, he didn't.
The case has been passed on to Tokyo, and he's the witness, Mr. Otaki.
Mr. Otaki of the Osaka police?
Hello.
Long time no see.
It's titled:
"Murder in a locked room with no foot support."
-Yes, sort of.
-Right?
(thinks) "What a ridiculous title!"
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A mysterious crime in an elevator."
"A duel of deductions between Heiji and me."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"Everyone watched (first part)."
(Kogoro) How?
A man watched by the police died murdered in his house?
Yes.
Last month, a man in his 70s...
died in his apartment in the Haido district.
The victim's name was Hidemichi Mizuki
and had been a high school teacher until he retired a few years ago.
One of the students he had had was in Kiriya hido.
Kiriya hido?
What does this name sound like to me?
He is a murderer who killed two people in Osaka
and one in Kobe and fled.
Ah.
We received a tip that he'd been spotted in Tokyo
and we were staking out Mr. Mizuki's apartment with the Metropolitan Police.
In Kiriya hido had no family
and we assumed that he would confide in his former teacher,
who had helped him find a job.
Until one morning, when we had been keeping watch for 3 days,
the teacher did not go out for a walk at his usual time.
We found him very strange and went into his house.
We found him dead in the living room,
hanging from a rope he had tied to the air conditioning grill.
And you mean it wasn't a suicide?
The police were watching the windows and the door of the apartment, weren't they?
Well, yes, at first we started investigating it as a suicide,
but then we realized that the victim's feet were too high up.
About the height of my hips, or less.
Also, the chair we found under the body was... special.
It was just like the chair I have in my kitchen at home.
It's a vintage design,
very few were made and they are all the same size.
We put it under the victim's body
and we discovered that the feet were
10 centimeters away from the seat of the chair.
(Kogoro) Man, if there were more than 10 centimeters,
he wouldn't have been able to tiptoe in.
Yes.
This means... the chair was just a prop,
a trick that someone used
to make us believe that Mr. Mizuki had committed suicide.
"Ah, right. Now I understand that 'unsupported by the feet' thing."
Apparently, the door to the apartment was unlocked.
Anyone could have gotten in.
And you think... the culprit is this Kiriya hido?
No, it's not him.
Kiriya hido was found in Hiroshima and is in custody,
but in the last month he has spent every night in an internet cafe.
But if the police were watching the apartment,
how could the killer get in, even if the door was open?
Exactly.
It is a case of murder in a locked room.
The victim's family
has given us permission to enter the apartment to investigate.
I imagine you'd like to accompany us, wouldn't you?

And you say the crime scene is just as they left it?
-Yes.
-That no one has touched it?
The victim's daughter said
she wouldn't be here until tomorrow to pick up her father's things.
If we can solve the case today,
we'll be just in time.
Have you seen this, Ran?
This elevator has windows.
Yeah, there's a lot of them here, the kind with windows in the door.
Will you stop talking nonsense?
You look like creatures, man!
You shut up, you bore!
I have been entrusted with a very important mission
that only I can carry out.
"A very important mission?"
Mm-hm... Mm-hm...
I'm sure.
The chair looks just like mine.
Even the wood and color are identical.
I assure you this case is very rare, Heiji.
This is what I tell you from the beginning.
Mission... complete.
"To do this, you didn't have to come here expressly,
it was enough to measure the height of the chair."
So the big question is how the killer could have gotten into the apartment
by circumventing police surveillance.
Yes, unless there is some other secret entrance....
"Just as Inspector Otaki has said,
the rope is attached to the air-conditioning grille."
"Oh. There's something here on the ground under the rope."
"It's shavings from a pencil."
"Looks like the man who lived here liked to write with a pencil."
"But what's this doing, on the ground? It's strange."
"From the state the floor is in, it looks like he was a very polished man."
"He even had a cleaning robot."
"But instead, there's a wastebasket lying in the corner."
"Such a neat man wouldn't have left it like that."
(Shinichi voice) Hey, Hattori.
Do you think this could be...?
Yes.
The answer is here.
(Shinichi voice) Hey!
Stop it, Heiji.
What are you doing?
We can't touch anything.
-What?
-Mystery solved.
When Mr. Mizuki hung himself, he didn't get on the chair,
but on this wastebasket.
What?
He placed the wastebasket under the rope
and turned it upside down so he could climb in.
This is evidenced by the pencil shavings here,
right where he hung himself.
When he turned the garbage can over,
the shavings inside fell to the ground.
Like this.
This stand is quite a bit taller than the chair.
But... but hey...
When we went into the apartment, the wastebasket was gone, here.
I can explain.
At the time of the suicide,
the wastebasket fell between the legs of the chair.
Then, the cleaning robot...
pushed it to the corner where we found it...
and then returned to the base.
This would resolve the doubts surrounding the crime scene.
The proof is that the cleaning robot always makes the same route.
The victim must have put obstacles in its way
because it memorizes the route without deviating.
-Hey?
-Hey, wait a minute.
So, this case...
Yeah, whichever way you look at it,
it's suicide.
(Elevator: acoustic signal)
Heiji.
Are you all right?
"It wasn't such a depressing case either."
Why did Mr. Mizuki decide to die like that?
He had accumulated a lot of debts
with a series of bad investments in the stock market
and he was very resentful
with the broker who had made him lose so much money.
One day he drank too much
and said he was going to take the man to hell.
I guess he wanted to make it look like
that the broker had murdered him for framing him.
But she was unlucky enough that the police were watching her
and they soon found out that no one had killed her,
but that she had committed suicide.
By the way, does the stockbroker also live in this neighborhood?
He doesn't just live in the neighborhood, he has lived in this building since last year.
-That's Mr. Fuura, from the second one.
-I seem to remember that his name was...
All the neighbors in the building are really fed up with this man.
What's that?
He talks about stocks all the time,
even when you meet him waiting for the elevator.
First he makes you a little money,
but when you trust him with more money, the losses skyrocket.
Even my husband got caught up in it,
and I had a hard time getting him to let it go.
Wow, God-hay-do.
This man is some kind of demon, he even has a demon face.
His eyes are sunken in, his cheeks are sucked in, and....
Oh!
Look, it's him!
(Coanan voice) But what...?
What the...?

Come on, come on.
Shit, it's gone up.
Inspector, where are the stairs?
Well, I don't... I don't know.
You live here, you'd know, wouldn't you?
Never mind, I'll find them by myself.
Wait, wait!
The elevator is coming down.
What?
What's that?
You've reopened a case that was closed as a suicide?
Yes.
There were too many things that didn't fit
and I asked permission to come all the way from Osaka,
but in the end it turned out to be a suicide.
When I was waiting for the elevator
to go down with Mr. Mouri and company,
who had come to help us,
we found this.
Now I understand.
The man who committed suicide is named Kaizen Fuura
and he lived on the second floor of this building.
It looks like he was a stockbroker.
-Huh?
Ah, yes.
-Did I say it right, ma'am?
And who is this lady?
A neighbor who was also waiting for the elevator to come down with us.
Her name is Nanami and she lives on the third floor.
Every week she leaves at that time to go to a beauty salon.
So the elevator door has been opened
and found this scenario, right?
Not exactly.
As the elevator was going up,
through the window we saw that inside was Mr. Fuura.
He was pointing a gun at his head, like this.
It was exactly as if he wanted to show us what he was going to do.
And then the elevator continued to go up?
Yes.
I wanted to go up the stairs to find out which floor it had stopped at,
but it came right back down
and when the door opened, we found this scene.
It must have been a suicide, then.
Yes.
And he even left a message.
"A... goodbye"?
Look, at the feet of the corpse there's a spray of red paint.
He must have used it to write the good-bye message.
Like... a suicide note.
Now we can be absolutely certain that this is...
...murder.
-Hmm?
-What? -What?
Whatever they say, it's more than obvious that it's a murder case.
Was it... was it a homicide?
-Please don't be hasty. -Yes.
-Yes.
Or it will happen to you like before, when you also said the same thing and it turned out to be wrong.
Look at the security camera
above the sign indicating the number of the floor.
-Huh?
-It's covered with spray.
You're right, kid.
I spoke to the property manager on the phone.
just to make sure
and he confirmed that, all of a sudden,
a hand appeared on the screen and sprayed the camera.
The culprit just reached his arm out from inside the elevator
to prevent the camera from capturing an image of his face.
Perhaps... perhaps the victim did this
because he did not want the security camera to record his suicide.
The camera footage clearly shows
that someone is holding the spray can with his right hand.
Of course it was the right hand!
The vast majority of people are right-handed.
Wait, Mr. Mouri.
This man is holding the gun with his left hand.
He was left-handed, maybe?
Mr. Fuura was left-handed, everyone knew that.
That's right.
That's why he holds the gun with his left hand.
You mean he changed his hand expressly
to write the message?
Besides, the wristwatch he wears...
If he was left-handed,
it's no wonder he wears the watch on his left wrist.
What he wanted to say is that he has stopped.
At the time we found the body.
His battery must have run out,
or maybe it's been ruined by the blow to the horn.
The problem is that this watch
does not have a battery.
It is one of those that are wound up only with the simple movement of walking.
If I shake it, it starts up again.
Don't you find that strange?
Oh, of course I do.
Maybe... the culprit has put the watch on Mr. Fuura
before or after killing him and pretending to have shot himself.
We don't know why he did it,
but we do know that the culprit is still in this building,
above the third floor.
When we found the body,
I called the office of the first-floor administrator
to keep an eye on the staircase.
The man assured me that no one had come downstairs
until the police cars arrived.
Then we should search all the floors.
Yes.
We'll start on the fourth floor.
(Kogoro) What?

Only 3?
How can there be only 3 suspects?
This building has 7 floors,
there's a lot of people living from the third floor up.
Exactly, but since last month there was a suicide,
there are a lot of neighbors who have left.
The thing is, we've been looking for people who lived alone
and had no alibi, and we only found 3.
Well, in any case I think...
we should re-interview these 3 people.
The culprit couldn't have imagined
that he would become a suspect so soon.
"Oh, mother. En Heiji has gone into detective mode."
Now we will surely miss the bullet train back to Osaka.
Don't suffer, he can sleep at home.
(Man) A murder?
I thought Mr. Fuura had committed suicide.
Well, we can't completely rule out the murder hypothesis.
And how did you know that Mr. Fuura was dead?
Can you tell us?
Well... I know because Nanami posted it on the internet:
"The demon was shot dead in the elevator at home".
Oops...
"Demon" is the nickname Nanami had given to Mr. Fuura.
Already.
"What a woman!"
"She looked like a dead fly, but she immediately cackled the news."
May we come in for a moment to talk to you?
Yes, yes, sure, go ahead.
By the way, Mr. Mutsu.
Where do you work?
In a building maintenance company.
I fix intercoms, mailboxes, air conditioners...
Then you must also handle
the maintenance of elevators and security systems.
Eh?
Well, yeah.
Oh!
Where did they get them from, these young kids?
Oh, don't mind them, please.
Mr. Mutsu, can you explain what relationship you had with the victim?
We know that Mr. Fuura had your phone number in his address book.
Yes, well, we were talking about stocks.
So you resented him, too...
because he had made you lose money, right?
I did resent him, yes, but not enough to kill him.
Can you show me your hands, please?
What's that?
Oh, no... don't tell me.
Don't... don't tell me to take me in handcuffs.
No, don't worry.
Right now we just want to check
if you have any gunpowder residue on your hands or shirt sleeves.
That will be taken care of by the scientist's colleagues.
Ah...
(Man) Yes, I lost a lot of money...
with the stocks that Mr. Fuura recommended to me,
but I don't hold it against him.
It was my fault,
for not being able to foresee that the stock would go down.
Eh?
It smells like solvent in here.
Yeah, I just painted a severed head.
A... severed head?
I'm shooting a blood and liver movie at the university,
so I need it.
-It's very realistic.
-(Kogoro) Wow, how well done it is!
(Kogoro) Ran would fall round, if she saw it.
He really looks just like my father.
Then, I'm sure you could make...
an end identical to Mr. Fuura's.
What's that?
And do you also roll gunfight scenes with firearms?
No, not many.
I do stabbing, dismembering or slitting people's throats.
Eh?
I see you have the same watch as Mr. Fuura.
Yes, he gave it to me...
when I made a profit on the first shares.
And it's also exactly the same as the one Mr. Mutsu wore.
With the difference that this one works perfectly.
I usually wear it,
but when I have to paint I take it off so as not to stain it.
Excuse me, could you show me your hands...
to check for gunpowder residue?
Yes, yes, of course, but they're dirty.
-Oh...
-Look.
Yes, Mr. Fuura gave it to me too, the watch.
Because he had made money on the bag.
I've only worn it once and I have it dead in a drawer.
About that, Miss Izutsu,
would you mind explaining what you do for a living?
Mm?
It seems obvious to me.
Tracing paper, graphic tablet, cutter...
Pen nibs, brushes, pens and ink.
Soc draftsman.
Do you know Kotori Misono?
It's my pseudonym.
Ah.
She's the author of the girl detective who has stolen Chiba's heart!
So, it wouldn't take much for her to come up with a story...
about a murderer who shoots someone to death in an elevator
and makes it look like he committed suicide.

If I had come up with such an interesting story, I would have written it down by now.
It's a waste of time to put it into practice with that wretch.
How come you have 4 tablets?
There are 3 for my assistants.
They folded in the morning, when they finished work.
I had always imagined
that a cartoonist's office would be full of comics,
but I see he doesn't have too many.
It's true, there's only one shelf full of comics.
Come on!
But what era are you living in?
Don't compare me to the cartoonists of yesteryear.
May I see your hands for a moment, if you'd be so kind?
You can look all you want,
but you won't find anything.
As you can see, I've just had a bath.
If I had any powder residue, it would be gone.
-No, none.
-Do you have any theories, Mr. Mouri?
It's funny, all 3 seem guilty and innocent at the same time.
"No. The guilty one is the person who hides that."
"The question is how."
"How did he do it to kill Mr. Fuura?"
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
Yes.
When you're together I weld like a man from head to toe.
Don't you?
Stop the cart.
I don't lack anything to be a...
"Wait a minute. If I had used the..."
"Yes. The word 'goodbye'..."
"...is not a simple farewell message."
Boom!
Look, Inspector Takagi.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Everyone was watching (part two)."

