(Shinichi voice) "In Heiji Hattori, the Kazuha Toyama....
"And Inspector Otaki, from the Osaka police,
have come to Tokyo to investigate a possible murder."
"La Ran, Mr. Mouri and I...
accompanied them to the crime scene, an apartment in Tokyo."
"In the end it turned out that it was a suicide
and we solved the case easily."
"But while we were waiting for the elevator to the landing..."
Oh!
Look, it's him!
(Conan voice) But what the...?!
What the...?!
(Shinichi voice) "Although it looked like a suicide,
some details made us think it was murder."
"In Takagi and Inspector Otaki have investigated all the neighbors
and the list of suspects has been narrowed down to 3 people."
By the way, Mr. Mutsu, where do you work?
In a building maintenance company.
I fix intercoms, mailboxes, air conditioners....
You must also maintain elevators and security systems.
Mr. Mutsu, can you explain what relationship you had with the victim?
We know that Mr. Fuura had your phone number in his address book.
Yes, well, we were talking about stocks.
So you also resented him
because he had made you lose money, right?
I did resent him, yes, but not enough to kill him.
(Man) Yes, I lost a lot of money...
with the stocks that Mr. Fuura recommended to me..,
but I don't resent him.
It was my fault, for not foreseeing that the stock would go down.
Eh?
It smells like solvent in here.
Yes, I just painted a severed head.
A... severed head?
Actually, this one looks just like my father.
Then, surely you could make... an end identical to Mr. Fuura's.
About that, Miss Izutsu,
would you mind explaining what you do for a living?
Mm?
It seems obvious to me.
Tracing paper, graphic tablet, cutter...
Pen nibs, brushes, pens and ink.
Soc draftsman.
Do you know Kotori Misono?
It's my pseudonym.
Ah!
She's the author of the girl detective who has stolen Chiba's heart!
So, it wouldn't take much for her to come up with a story...
of a murderer who shoots someone to death in an elevator
and makes it look like he committed suicide.
If I had come up with such an interesting story, I would have written it by now.
(Heiji, think) "The culprit is the person who hides that."
(Shinichi, think) "The question is how."
"How did he do it to kill Mr. Fuura?"
(Shinichi voice) "To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"A crime in a locked elevator."
"In Heiji and I discovered a brutal trick."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "Everyone watched (Part Two)".
This Heiji is a case.
What should he do, now, it takes so long?
There is no hurry.
Now it's already decided that he'll sleep at home.
Yes, but... Look, they're already here!
What, how did it go?
Did you find out the killer?
No.
We've talked to the 3 neighbor suspects, but...
They all seem guilty and innocent at the same time.
Although all 3 have a pretty consistent motive.
(Shinichi, think) "No. The culprit is that person."
(Heiji, thinks) "The question is to find out how he did it."
Oh, by the way: at the elevator doors on all floors,
except for the second and third floors,
there's someone hanging "out of order" signs.
Now I understand.
That's how he managed to prevent anyone from getting in.
Well, if it had been a suicide,
she could have hung them up in Fuura to avoid being interrupted.
Yes.

From it, if you can not unravel,
why don't you make a call to the Kudo?
(All) Eh?
What?!
Sure.
To... to Shinichi?
Remember the restaurant case the other day?
Conan called him and the crime was solved in a jiffy.
(Heiji, thinks) "What an ass! He doesn't notice anything."
(Shinichi) "He-he-he-he-he!"
Yes, now that you say it, it might be a good choice.
When you're together, I'm welded like a man from head to toe, aren't I?
Stop the cart!
I'm not lacking anything to be a....
(Shinichi) "A man through and through?"
(Heiji) "When are we together?"
"Just a moment. If I had used the..."
"Sure, I've got it!"
(Heiji, thinks) "Yes..., the word 'goodbye'..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "...is not a simple farewell message."
(Heiji, thinks) "He had to write precisely there..."
"... to disguise the trick he has used."
What?
Really?
The analysis shows
that none of the 3 suspects had traces of gunpowder on their bodies?
Yes, there is no doubt.
I just got the report from the scientist.
It's very strange.
Sorry for the delay.
Chief Inspector Megure.
Ah.
Otaki, Osaka Police.
I'm the one who should apologize for having gotten involved in a case
that took place outside my jurisdiction.
Don't worry, Takagi explained to me...
that he is helping us a lot in the investigation.
By the way, how come we are investigating a homicide?
From what I understand,
they were able to see through the elevator windows
as Mr. Fuura shot himself to death, right?
Oh!
Look, it's him!
Yes, but...
Everything seems to indicate that he committed suicide, right?
I thought so too at first,
but in the camera images from outside the elevator.
a hand appeared to have spray-painted it,
and the victim's automatic watch was stopped.
We found some details that did not match.
It is true that everything is a bit strange,
but you witnessed Mr. Fuura's suicide firsthand.
(Kogoro) -Huh?
- (Kogoro) Inspector.
-I can solve this question.
-Mm?
Inside the elevator going up,
the culprit pointed the gun at Mr. Fuura's head.
"If you don't want to die, stand still and look out the window," he said.
And when he passed in front of our floor, he shot him.
That's why it looked like suicide to us when we saw it,
because that's exactly what the culprit wanted us to believe.
- (all) Mm ?!
- (Ms. Izutsu) That's impossible.
It wouldn't have been believable.
If I had held the culprit together,
the position of the hand at the time of the shooting
would not have been compatible with the injuries on the corpse.
That's true.
I wouldn't have done it that way.
As a special effect, it's a botched job.
Besides, Mr. Fuura could have stood up to him, couldn't he?
It's very unlikely that he was standing still and quietly
faking his own suicide.
These people are the...?
Yes, they are the neighbors of the building who have no alibi.
But... what are they doing here?
-...he warned us.
-I wasn't planning to come for nothing, but...
He told us that if we came, they'd explain the truth.
It was this nano.
Yes, I asked them to come, these 3 people.
Inspector Takagi and Heiji asked me.
What?
But Conan...
Eh?
-Huh?
- (both) Mm ?!
By the way, Conan, where's Heiji?
He's been missing for over an hour.
He went out for a moment with Inspector Takagi.
They were supposed to go look at something in the back store of the building.
The back store?
What store?
Sure, in the back!
Wasn't it...?
It seemed to us that Mr. Fuura was alone
because the culprit had hidden behind him.
So he could have shot him from the side and faked a suicide.
But then, when the victim would have fallen to the ground after the shot,
the culprit's face would have been exposed.
Aaa... that's-that's right.
(All) Eh?
Look, Inspector Takagi!
-Eh?!
-Boom!
Hey, hey!
May I ask what...?!
...was what we just saw!
Geez, what we've seen before...
I knew it, it was after him!

That's what they just showed us in Takagi and that little boy from Osaka.
If you do it well, it's very believable.
Takagi!
Come over here right now and give us an explanation!
- (all) Eh?!
-(all) Yes, sir.
Inspector Takagi!
Uh...
Well, I... Ha-ha-ha!
Takagi, may I know what this is about?
I really don't know.
All I know is that Hattori asked me to stand here quietly
observing his reaction.
"Watching", you say?
Just a moment.
How long have you been here, then?
I arrived just before the elevator went by.
No, you didn't.
But we just saw her inside the cabin!
Attention!
No, no, that wasn't me.
In Takagi, it's the elevator again.
- (elevator: chime)
- (all) Eh?
We've got it.
There it is... the truth about the case.
-B-but it's a tablet!
-What?
Yes, Inspector Takagi has asked the electronics store...
at the back of the building.
Yes.
Aaa...
And I just had to record a video with Takagi's face in it
and play it back holding the tablet against the elevator window.
Boom!
The tablet is concealed behind the painting of the message
that is written on the windows.
Except for the inspector's face, the rest of the body was mine.
It looked like Inspector Takagi was in the elevator, didn't it?
That is to say, thanks to this picture,
we've turned two people into one.
Hey, Heiji, are you sure, he did it like this, this?
What do you mean?
You just made it look like he's shooting with his finger,
but the person we've seen inside the elevator
fired a real shot.
If he had done it as you say, he would have had to shoot?
while holding the tablet trying not to shoot himself,
something that has its risks.
Besides, I couldn't be sure...
that his movements would match the recorded image.
And to all this we must add the fact
that we would have found another bullet embedded in the elevator wall.
No, no!
Now I have only used one tablet due to lack of time,
but I think the culprit has used 4.
With 4 tablets, you can reproduce the whole scene...
in a synchronized way.
4 tablets?
So, the scene we saw earlier was a recorded montage?
Yes, except for the face,
the rest were images of the culprit in Mr. Fuura's clothes.
Yeah, but... who is able to hold 4 tablets with one hand?
Mm-hm.
That's right.
He must have glued them all to a piece of wood,
so all he'd have to do is get close to the door.
And so we have a culprit.
Who has four hidden tablets?
Miss Naoko Izutsu.
-Huh?
-What?
-How?
-What?
-Stop, stop the cart!
-Aren't you the guilty one?
This trick could have been invented
anyone who had 4 tablets.
Why are you accusing me, if I may ask?
Because you have hidden the tablets.
The device you have on the desk where you work,
next to the tablet, is a mobile router, isn't it?
It has caught my attention that it has internet
but no computer or tablet is connected to it.
I don't know, what do I know!
Maybe my editor has neglected it, that thing.
I don't understand a thing, I don't work with computers.
Wow, cartoonists are extraordinary!
What?
You're the author of a detective manga, right?
And yet, the shelves in the office have very few comics.
It's so cool, being able to draw all kinds of things...
without having to consult anything.
It's true.
Detective comics are not fantasy stories.
These comics should have a more or less realistic feel to them,
especially in terms of crime scenes, weapons and things like that.
It's impossible to draw it without documentation.
I seem to remember
that Miss Izutsu said she had 3 assistants.
The tablets of her 3 assistants and her, would add up to 4 tablets, right?
But how could she have recorded an image of Mr. Fuura shooting himself?
I would be very surprised if he could have convinced her
to make it look like he was committing suicide.
It's very easy: while recording a video like this one,
all she had to do was move the camera a little.
See?
It looks like she was shot.
At the end of the day, real bullets are not visible either.

The only problem is that the background of the image is also blurred,
but since there's nothing inside the elevator, it's hardly noticeable.
You are a crack, Conan!
It's true!
It's not that bad.
It was Heiji who told me everything.
Right, Heiji?
Yes..., yes.
(Heiji, thinks) "N-now I feel like some kind of Sleeping Kogoro."
Yes, but all this would have been for nothing...
if we hadn't been waiting for the elevator.
I didn't mean to show this to us,
but Mrs. Nanami, who leaves at the same time every week.
Miss Izutsu has gone to look for Mr. Fuura
and told him that she would introduce him to a new customer
at a coffee shop in the neighborhood.
He told her that he would wait for her in the elevator.
And he must have told her to wear the same clothes
that comes out in the pictures.
Miss Izutsu arrived in the elevator before him and covered the security camera.
and covered the security camera with spray paint.
When the doors closed,
she wrote the word "goodbye" and then left them open.
He was sure that the elevator would not move from that landing,
because on the other floors there was a "out of order" sign.
When Mr. Fuura entered the car,
he stopped when he saw the message
and she took the opportunity to kill him.
Then she waited for Mrs. Nanami to come out of her house.
He left the cabin door open
and sent the elevator further up to the third floor,
where Mrs. Nanami lives.
When he calculated that the neighbor should already be on the landing,
he closed the door,
placed the wood with the 4 tablets in front of the windows...
and played the synchronized images
of the supposed suicide of Mr. Fuura
at the very moment when the elevator passed the third floor.
I get it.
All he had to do was to go downstairs and hide the tablets
to have the perfect crime.
No human being can plan a perfect crime.
In fact, she's made a few mistakes, too.
The first was to unconsciously offer her left hand when the police made her show the tablets.
when the police made her show her hands.
(Ms. Izutsu) If she had powder residue, it would have gone away.
But he took the towel, the comic book and the lighter with his right hand,
so he's a right-winger.
He shot him with his left hand
because he wanted it to look like a left-handed suicide.
If he had picked up the gun with his right hand, he would have shot him with his left,
the gunpowder residue on the handle would have revealed
that he had not fired it.
His second mistake had been the automatic watch.
Since his watch was different
from the one you were wearing at the pictures,
he exchanged it with the one Mr. Fuura had given you.
He shook it and put it on time.
The two other suspects know it because they wear it regularly:
if you shake it just a little, it stops soon.
Her ignorance in this regard has also given her away.
-What?
-Well, that watch wasn't mine.
What Mr. Fuura gave me was a woman's watch, a narrower one.
-Professor Mizuki's.
Then whose watch was it, then?
Last month, a neighbor in this block of apartments committed suicide;
he hung himself in his house.
The professor?
You mean you...?
He had been my tutor when I was in high school.
I didn't know we lived in the same building
until I ran into him in the elevator one day.
So you mean you did it to get back at the man...
who had pushed your former teacher into committing suicide?
Yes, partly yes.
The main motive... was sadness, I suppose.
Sadness?
When the professor hung himself,
I remembered that I had left him the photo album from the institute
and I asked the administrator to leave me the key to his house.
Then it hit me.
His suicide was a set-up to simulate murder
and frame Mr. Fuura.
Don't you find that very sad?
The characters in my comics would have come to this conclusion,
but in real life the police failed to discover their trick
and assumed it was suicide.
To honor the memory of the professor,
I wanted to finish what he had started.
This way, the mystery could live on.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.

"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
- (traffic rumor)
- (police: siren, background)
(police: siren, background) What?
You say I can stay overnight at your place, Mr. Mouri?
Yes.
At this hour the hotels must already be all full.
-Just a moment!
-Well, thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Do you pretend that we all sleep 4 in your room?
You, Mr. Otaki, the kid and me?
(Shinichi, thinks) "We'll be well enxubated."
An idea occurs to me.
Why don't you sleep with us, Conan?
Yeah, sure. (Conan voice)
(Conan voice) Eh?
You can sleep in our bed, between the two of us.
If you guys don't mind, why not?
(Heiji, thinks) "You perverted brat!"
Fine with me.
-If you'll excuse me...
- (mobile)
Yes, tell me?
This is Inspector Otaki.
-Huh?
Chief Inspector!
- (mobile: male) "It's me."
"How come you're calling me at this hour?"
We just got a complicated case.
I was about to turn it down
because it falls outside our jurisdiction,
but since you're in Tokyo, I thought you could look into it.
Yes, yes, of course... What is it about, if I may ask?
Otaki, do you think...
vampires might actually exist?
Eh?
If you decide to attend, be careful.
The meeting we've called to talk about the inheritance
is scheduled to take place after dinner.
Does this mean she hasn't shown up yet?
No, although we have split up and searched for her.
It's a coffin?
I don't know what's the point of getting into a coffin before you die!
Whew!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'On Heiji Hattori and the Vampire Mansion (Part One)"

