Well, I want you to know that I am very grateful for everything.
-They don't deserve it.
-And thank you very much for breakfast.
It was an unexpected trip, we didn't expect to stay.
(Thinking, Shinichi sees) "Oh, no? They were planning to spend the night here!"
"They had a spare change of clothes."
See you soon.
Bye, Ran.
See you soon.
Actually, I should be going too.
Next day you're free, do me a trick.
Understood.
See you soon.
He-he!
Eh?
Inspector Otaki, may I know where you're going?
The train station is over there.
Yes.
Go home without me.
I have to stay to settle a matter.
Is that so?
(Heizo) "The house is located between Saitama and Gunma prefectures."
"It's a Western-style mansion isolated in the mountains."
We have been informed that tomorrow night...
there's a meeting to discuss who will inherit the estate.
Could you go for me, please?
According to the client,
it seems that lately the owner of the mansion has been acting strangely.
"And that's why he has asked us
a member of the police to attend, as a precautionary measure."
Don't worry, I don't mind.
You can count on me.
Six months ago there was a murder in the woods near the mansion,
and it seems that there are some very strange rumors about the case.
and it's good for you to be forewarned.
If you decide to attend, be careful,
don't get your blood sucked.
-Eh?
- (Heiji) What does he say they want to suck his blood?
He's been mumbling for a while that they want to suck something out of him.
Heiji!
I hope he doesn't mean a woman's lips.
How long has he been in the car?
We snuck in
when he stopped at the gas station to go to the bathroom.
You didn't notice us?
In Kogoro and others come behind.
What's the matter?
W-but why are you following me?
Because... we want to see this mystery woman with whom you are meeting.
We had no idea, that he was seeing a woman,
and we're curious.
La Ran and others have said they also want to be introduced to you!
No... it's not worth it, really, it's not what you think.
Hey!
Then tell us what the... case is about.
Eh?
Because it is a case, isn't it?
And since you've hidden it from me, I'm sure my father is involved.
Look, about six months ago...
a woman's body turned up in the woods near a mansion..,
which is where we're going now...
She was found dead and tied upside down on a kind of a stake
that someone had driven into the ground.
Wow, this is very cruel.
The woman was part of the domestic service of the mansion.
But since the body had some very strange characteristics...
Very strange?
What do you mean?
The older couple who found the body...
at first it was thought to be a scarecrow...
to keep the bones away, because he had very white skin.
The killer must have severed an artery and left her to bleed out
until she died.
It is possible, but it seems that the body did not have any major wounds.
They only found two small holes on one side of the victim's neck.
Two holes in the neck and she bled to death?
Wow!
It's as if the killer was a...
Yes.
(Heizo) "Otaki, do you believe they exist, vampires?"
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"Does Dracula really exist? The curtain rises on a thrilling case."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"In Heiji Hattori and the vampire's mansion (part one)"
U-a vampire?

Are you telling me that the girl's killer was a vampire?
No, man, it's an unsubstantiated rumor.
Legend has it that the old feudal lord of the area was a vampire.
A feudal lord?
So, the killer hasn't been caught yet, right?
No.
But they must at least have a suspect...
Yes;
the first suspect was the owner of the mansion,
Mr. Hakuya Torakura.
The victim, one of the maids in the house,
had remarked to the cook...
that the owner was behaving in an unsettling manner
and that she wanted to leave him because she didn't feel safe.
-No, I can see that she didn't.
-So, the culprit is the owner.
Because he had an alibi.
At the approximate time of the death of Miss Shimizu, the maid,
Mr. Torakura was asleep in his room,
as certified by a witness.
Interestingly, the person who corroborated the alibi?
is the cook to whom Ms. Shimizu had approached
to express her fears.
Thank you for coming.
If I'm not mistaken, you're Inspector Otaki of the Osaka Police, right?
Yes.
And you are the person who called, aren't you?
I'm Mr. Koga, the butler.
I went to school with Superintendent Hattori's father.
And what's this they say about the owner of the house behaving strangely?
Yes.
For some time now the master has not been what he used to be,
he avoids sunlight and sleeps during the day.
In addition, he suddenly said he had become allergic to silver.
He stopped using the cutlery and threw it all away.
The other day she served him his favorite soup
and smashed the plate on the floor.
He said, "I don't want you to put garlic in it again or it will rot my blood!"
-Exactly.
-Gee, just like that....
Miss Shimizu would get the same impression.
"It was exactly as if he had turned into a vampire."
One-vampire ?!
Maybe she just pronounced the word "vampire"?
No, and now!
Excuse me, what did you say about a vampire?
"Hit", he said "hit".
We were saying that something hit the bumper of the car and dented it.
Ah, you were talking about once.
It's like a castle.
Come on, let's go into the mansion, Heiji.
Soon the sun will set and that's when the master will wake up,
as he does every night.
You can take a tour of the house
and get some rest until dinner time.
I agree.
The meeting we have called to discuss the inheritance is scheduled to take place after dinner.
is scheduled to take place after dinner.
Hey, do you also believe...
Inspector Otaki's girlfriend lives in that beautiful mansion?
"How can he still believe her, this story!?"
It's beautiful.
I've seen a lot of mansions like this one in the movies,
but to see it for real is incredible.
And so much.
It's as if we have become nobles all at once.
Who are you, you?
You can't be!
Don't tell me you're my brother-in-law's illegitimate daughters!
It's impossible, woman!
If it were true, he wouldn't have asked us to come to the meeting.
It's true;
if he had liked children,
Hakuya's inheritance would not be for us,
his brothers, but it would be for his children.
Who knows.
It wasn't so many years ago that he dated that young girl...
who, if I'm not mistaken, had children.
So he could have had illegitimate children...
with any other mistress, right?
Unfortunately,
that girl died shortly after they went out together.
Although, for your sake, I should say "luckily".
-Huh?
Watch what you say.
Listen to me.
Another one of these comments and I assure you, you'll regret it.
What's gotten into you, now?
If you're the first one who thought you were lucky!
Or is it that you fell madly in love..,
with that beautiful girlfriend of his, eh?
What are you talking about?
(Woman) Can you stop talking about girlfriends and mistresses?
I myself am the daughter of one of our father's mistresses.
Legally speaking, if there is no other heir besides the brothers,
all the inheritance will be divided equally,
so we try to maintain harmony.
(Girl) Excuse me...
The cook has told me to ask you
if it's all right if we start serving dinner.
But if you have not finished talking, it can be served a little later.
We can finish talking over dinner,

so you can serve it now.
Well, be that as it may,
that woman's children wouldn't be affected at all by all this.
I see that we will witness the typical fight to keep the inheritance.
Yes, sir.
H-is he sick?
Mr. Hakuya Torakura, I mean.
Yes, he has 6 months left at the most.
What?
Didn't you say it was 3, to me?
That's precisely why we're meeting for dinner.
Yes.
In the invitation it said: "Whoever doesn't come can say goodbye to the inheritance".
-But I don't understand what's taking so long.
-We couldn't miss it.
It's true, because he loves to come on time and complain about the food.
Listen, girls, I don't want to disturb you, eh?,
but why don't you guys wake her up?
Us?
Exiting on the right hand side.
It's the room at the end of everything.
That's right.
He'll be happy, if he's going to be woken up by two young girls.
Wow, the room at the end of everything is...
...this one, isn't it?
Isn't it very strange, the whole thing?
Would you ask a guest to do something like that?
No bed.
Huh?
Ah!
It can't be!
There, I know what's wrong!
It's a coffin!
When they sent us to wake him up
I noticed that everyone was laughing under their breath.
I'm sure they asked us to come to play a joke on us.
I don't know what's the point of getting into a coffin before dying.
(Girls) Aaaaaaaaaaaah !!!!
The man inside the coffin....
(Girls) What's wrong?
Is he well?
-Lately, yes.
-He sleeps here now, doesn't he?
And soon it will be his eternal resting place.
He had a stake driven through his chest and he was all full of blood!
All full of blood?
This joke has taken it too far.
It's not a joke, he's really dead!
It won't open.
"May I know what's wrong?"
Oh!
-It can't be!
-There's nobody in here.
Yes, there is.
I think there is.
Are you sure it was in here?
"You mean it's evaporated and disappeared?"
"As if it were a ghost."
Which is true;
we opened the coffin and saw him lying in here,
splattered with blood and with a stake driven through his chest.
And he was wearing a black cloak.
He had pointed ears and very long fangs.
...Count Dracula himself!
Yes, as if he were...
"...Count Dracula?"
"As if he were..."
Come to think of it, that's what they called him in Hakuya when he was little.
From Torakura they went on to call him Dracula.
A very childish nickname, by the way.
Yes, but this nickname...
It's quite possible that it wasn't just a play on words.
Especially if we take into account the family's ancestors.
You're right.
Plus, there's Hakuya's strange behavior lately.
No, if it turns out to be true what people were saying,
that he was possessed by a vampire.
What's that?
What nonsense!
En Hakuya doesn't have pointed ears or long fangs.
If the person who saw the coffin was him,
I'm sure it's because he disguised himself to scare you.
What I don't know is the trick he used to disappear.
Well, we have seen these things a lot in the movies.
Disappearing by magic is what vampires usually do.
How dare you talk about Hakuya as if he were a monster!
I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks so.
Oi, Mr. Koga?
You asked them to come because you think so too, didn't you?
Yes.
Mr. Hakuya-san has been behaving strangely lately.
That's why I asked these researchers from Osaka
to come to the inheritance meeting.
What?!
Investigators?!
I'm Police Inspector Otaki.
And this is private detective Kogoro Mouri.
-Is Kogoro Sleeper?
Is he really?
-Wow.
- (Hikaru) Excuse me...
(Hikaru) -Yes!
Dinner will have cooled down by now... Do you want me to reheat it?
Mr. Otaki, forgive me for interrupting,
but could you go to the nearest police station
and ask them to analyze this red?
If what Kazuha and Ran have seen is real,
this should be Mr. Torakura's blood.
In the end he didn't show up for dinner, at Hakuya.
The invitation said the meeting would take place after dinner.

Yes, that's true, and at no time did I say it should be the dining room.
Hey, Conan, the father's not here, is he?
He said he was going to buy cigarettes
and he drove off with Inspector Otaki.
Well, don't you think we should at least take the picture?
The photo?
What do you mean?
Every time we have a family reunion we all take a picture together.
It's a tradition for 3 generations.
But... you'll do it without the owner of the mansion, this time?
Yes.
Last year he rushed in at the last minute and shouted:
"Wait, I'm still missing!".
It's true.
If we have a good time like this, maybe he'll suddenly show up.
Mina, chin up.
Ow, Kamiya, stop fixing your hair.
No matter how hard you try, you won't look any younger.
Just shut up and leave me alone.
Don't listen to him, you're beautiful, queen.
Thank you. Thank you, Kamiya.
Look, when I get the others for the photo,
press the shutter, which is this button.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Hm.
Come on, don't move.
Everybody ready?
...six!
Say...
Oh!
Oh!
Aaaaaaaaaah !!!!
What's that screaming?
It was... there... Behind the group...
The lo... the man we saw a while ago in the coffin.
What? It was right here, just now!
It was right here, just a moment ago!
Where did you say it was?
Between Mrs. Torakura and Mr. Hagawa.
His face was pale, as if he was a ghost.
Yes, yes!
I assure you that I also saw the same one she saw.
Oh, that's enough!
I'm sure that someone has told her about the rumors about the vampire
and has accompanied the investigators to snoop around for a while.
This mansion is not haunted,
so stop screaming like a bunch of hysterics at once!
What rumors?
Rumors about the vampire?
Eh?
You didn't know anything?
You didn't?
Six months ago,
near the mansion they found the corpse of Miss Shimizu,
who had been working as a maid in the house for some time.
She had bled to death.
She was found tied upside down on a kind of stake driven into the ground.
Aah!
On top of that, they found a couple of small holes in her neck,
and this caused quite a stir.
They said a vampire had appeared.
Maybe we should split up and search Hakuya.
If we don't do anything, eventually people will think it's a real vampire.
This story about the vampire?
Heiji, is it true?
Yes.
If we had said so, you would have wanted to leave right away.
And we would have had to leave too.
And we didn't feel like it.
That's why we didn't tell you anything.
They are no longer there!
They're over there.
Hey, girls!
Where are you going?
Hm.
(Man) Eh?
You want to eat a dish that has all?
But you just finished dinner a moment ago!
Yes.
But the dinner didn't have all!
If you let us use the kitchen and give us the ingredients,
we'll make our own.
I'm sorry, but the owner told us days ago that he couldn't stand garlic.
Who knows.
We'll figure it out.
I don't think he'll find any.
We'll look for it ourselves.
Are you really looking for garlic against vampires?
-Oh, man...
-Man, that's what you do, isn't it?
I can't open this fridge...
It's the freezer that Mr. Torakura bought the other day.
You can't open it because it's locked.
Why is that?
A locked freezer?
I don't know, he told me it was to store meat...
that he wanted to serve the guests who were coming for dinner tonight.
But, come to think of it, we haven't used it.
Hm.
Oh, by the way, it's you, isn't it?
You're the cook who 6 months ago confirmed
the alibi of the owner of the mansion, right?
That's right.
He said that Torakura slept in his room and didn't come out for nothing.
Yes, without a doubt.
That day he told me that, when he woke up, he wanted a bowl of soup,
and that's why he took it straight to his room.
But that doesn't mean that you spent the night guarding the coffin while he slept, does it?
while he slept, does it?
No, but I know that Mr. Torakura didn't come out of the coffin.
Before closing the lid, he confessed to me...
"That lately he had the feeling that someone was opening it while he was sleeping...
and spent quite a while watching."

"That's why he asked me to put three sesame seeds on top."
When I went to wake up, the seeds were still there,
and that means that nobody opened the coffin lid, right?
So the coffin is hiding something, but I don't know what it is.
Well, under the coffin there is no tile that opens, no hole.
No.
But I don't understand why the lid was closed.
It's strange, because it only opens up to here.
I guess when they saw the body they got scared...
...and they let go of the lid all of a sudden.
Aaaaaaaah !!!
But when we tried to open the lid at first it didn't want to open, right?
Yes, you're right.
Besides, this room has... something strange.
(Explosion)
What was that noise?
It felt a little far away.
Wow, look!
It's on fire in the forest!
It can't be...
The tunnel collapsed because of an explosion of unknown origin?
That's what they told me on the phone.
That's what they told me on the phone a while ago.
What are we going to do now?
It's the only road that leads here.
It will take a few hours to remove all the debris.
Gee, kid!
In the meantime, we can keep looking at Hakuya.
Does this mean he hasn't shown up yet?
No, although we've split up and searched for her.
By the way, have you seen the Kamiya anywhere?
I haven't seen her for a while.
Come to think of it, she's not in Kishiharu either.
She said she was going to develop the group photo we took earlier.
She's turned her room into a darkroom.
It seems unbelievable that he still uses an analog camera.
Sorry, I'm an analog person.
But thanks to it, I found out what happened to Hakuya.
What do you mean you found it?
Does this mean you found it?
-In the photo?!
-Yes.
He's in the picture.
As the girls said, we had him behind us,
in the room where we took the picture.
It has become a monster able to go through walls.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
Why is he in Hakuya in the picture if he was not there when we took the picture?
I think they saw the owner of the house when they took the family photo.
You are sure,
that the blood stains we found on the coffin are from the AB group?
It seems to me that the only person with blood group AB...
who was connected to the house was the maid, Miss Shimizu.
(gasps)
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Heiji Hattori and the vampire mansion (part two)'."

