"Intrigued by 'the matter' that Inspector Otaki must solve,
we follow him and arrive at an isolated mountain mansion."
"There we find a group of brothers
"Surrounded by an eerie atmosphere:
They must talk about the inheritance of in Hakuya, the eldest brother."
"They take a family photograph
"But when they develop it, they see
the shuddering image of the owner of the house
who, at the time the photo was taken, was not there."
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to crack all the mysteries and codes."
"A new twist in this ever-growing mystery."
"The unfathomable case of Dracula. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"In Heiji Hattori and the vampire mansion (part two)"
(Ruri) Hey, what's this?
One of those paranormal pictures?
Why is Hakuya in the picture, if he wasn't there when we took it?
I don't know.
I don't have the slightest idea.
What if it turns out that... you did a trick or a montage when you developed it?
You idiot!
Can't you see that this can't be done, with a roller, in such a short time?
Y-you mean that Hakuya has turned into a vampire?
Don't talk nonsense!
Vampires only exist
to novels and horror movies.
The fact that he has disappeared from the coffin and this paranormal photo
are tricks set up by Hakuya himself.
I don't think so, because in the photo?
it's right in the same place where the Kazuha and Ran have said they had seen her.
I think it's true that they saw the owner of the house
when they took the family photo.
What?
Be that as it may, it is better that we find the master as soon as possible,
so that he can tell us once and for all what's going on.
-He's right.
-Yes.
Could you leave this photo with me for a moment, please?
We'll go to the kitchen and ask the Ran and the Kazuha
if this is really what they've seen.
Well, they're not, neither one nor the other.
And the chef and cooks are not here either.
At this hour they must be dining in the service staff dining room.
(Guts: they snore)
We maids also eat with them,
but since I was looking for the master,
it seems to me that today I've run out of dinner.
Question.
According to what I have been told,
you came to this house with the owner's girlfriend, right?
And how did your mother die?
That's right.
I was told it was an accident.
I, at that time,
I was admitted to Mr. Torakura's hospital,
so I don't know all the details.
Mr. Torakura ran a hospital?
Yes, he was the director of Torakura General Hospital.
I remember he was a very kind man.
He himself paid for the operation I had
and my entire stay at the hospital.
So now you work as a maid for the person who helped you.
You are right.
Now I take care of the man who was supposed to marry my mother.
Six months ago, Mr. Torakura called me
saying that they were looking for a maid and why didn't I come to work here.
And in the end I accepted his offer.
That's why I still don't know much about the mansion.
This morning Mr. Torakura asked me to come,
but I didn't know which room...
And in the end I stood him up.
Well, it seems to me that when we find him, he'll give you a hard time.
What?
I'm sure he won't!
Since I've been here he's never scolded me.
The others complain
and they say he's very strict about cleanliness and all this...
I don't think he's strict about cleanliness.
-Look at the state of the floor.
-Huh?
It looks like someone has spread some kind of white powder...
So, it must have been those two girls.
I didn't have too much to make pork pies,

but they told me that they would make it themselves
and they asked me where the flour was.
They must have dropped it on the floor.
They wrapped the dough and left it here to rest.
Do you see it?
(thinks) "Sure, the pork rinds have all..."
But what is this wide strip without flour?
Do you see it?
Eh?
There's a strip about 50 centimeters wide with no flour.
As if something had been dragged.
Now that you mention it...
I told them
that perhaps in the pantry they would find a bag of garlic
that I had bought some time ago.
But if they came dragging the bag from there,
then the girls should be here.
(Kazuha) We finally found the bag of garlic!
Gee, there's a lot of heads!
Mm?
Uh... (Kazuha) Oysters!
They're no good, the big ones are nuts.
No problem!
I think if we cut out their hearts we can eat them!
By the way, do you think garlic alone will be enough?
We also have this amulet.
A cross?
Yes!
I made it with a knife and a silver spoon!
But don't they say that these things only work
if you are a believing and religious Christian?
Don't suffer, Ran!
Don't you celebrate Christmas?
Well, every year you celebrate the birth of Christ,
so you can be sure it will work!
Yes, I guess so...
(Heiji) What?
How can that be?
Are you sure, that the blood stains we found on the coffin...
are from the AB group?
Yes, thanks to Mr. Mouri's help,
the Gunma police have analyzed the stain...
They say that it is AB blood.
But when we asked the people of the mansion
what blood type the owner of the house had...
It's group A.
When Mr. Torakura was a young man he had a serious accident
and I remember well that we were asked,
all the service staff who were group A, were asked if we could give blood.
So whose blood should it be?
It seems to me that the only person with blood group AB
who has been connected with the house was the maid,
Miss Shimizu.
What does it say now?
And what can it do, the blood of a person who died 6 months ago?
inside that coffin?
I can't believe that my brother-in-law kept that girl's blood to go-drinking it inside the coffin.
to go drinking it inside the coffin.
First of all, that blood would have to be analyzed more thoroughly
and look at her DNA.
By the way, how long will it take to reopen the tunnel?
(Otaki) "They say that tomorrow morning..."
(Otaki) will already be back in operation.
If anything happens to my daughter during this time, you'll pay for it!
Don't suffer for it, don't worry.
"That pair are distracted making pork rinds."
Listen, have you found Mr. Torakura?
No.
We don't know where to look anymore, we've looked everywhere.
What did the Asanobu say?
Did he find anything?
He says he's tried to call Hakuya countless times,
but it always goes to voicemail.
And where is he now?
He must have gone to the smoking room.
It's possible... Hakuya left his cell phone somewhere.
-I received a message.
-What is it? -What's wrong?
And it's from Hakuya.
It says, "I'll give you my answer very soon.
Gather everyone in the dining room."
We all received this message at the same time...
"A group message?"
Torakura-san still hasn't shown up.
It looks like it's about to rain.
What, you're not worried?
I'm just saying that he hasn't found the Kamiya yet, right?
I'm not worried at all.
Sometimes she leaves without telling anyone.
You make her go where you want, don't you?
You're lucky to have caught a rich woman.
If she ever gets tired of me,
I can go back to my ex, that is, to you.
The Asanobu... he's been smoking for a long time...
And couldn't it be that he...
didn't get Hakuya's message because he changed his cell phone?
What?
I saw... a strange shadow at the window.
A strange shadow?
-He's turned into a vampire.
-I can't believe that Hakuya...
No... it's not possible.
He must have used a rope or something
to hang upside down.
I'm sure of it!
-He's fled upwards.
-O... oysters!
"It can't be! This is not possible!"
Hey, look over there!

Hey, Hattori, do you know what that is..., that thing we saw?
It... looked like a bird to me...
But isn't it something big, for a bird?
Kudo, how come you have blood on your head?
It would only be if it had bitten you!
What are you talking about?
It must be rainwater.
It's not rain.
Is it?
Blood is falling from the roof.
Is there a room over here?
Yes.
The smoking room is upstairs.
What about the smoking room?
No!
Then the blood must fall from there!
Didn't you say the Asanobu was there?
It is death.
There's nothing to do, he has a cut in the carotid.
Eh?
Look, the Asanobu has a knife in his hand.
That means...
It's possible that they tried to attack him...
and he preferred to kill himself first, or maybe...
Maybe there is someone who wanted this to look like a suicide.
Or one or the other.
(Ruri) My love!
I'd better hurry up and look to find my queen, who makes me suffer.
Yes, maybe in Hakuya, who has become a vampire,
has kidnapped the Kamiya and has taken him flying through the air.
And just as the legend says,
he hung her upside down from a stake.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey!
We want to know about the legend.
Could you explain it to us, please?
(Rikuju) The legend tells of events that happened in the Edo period.
It is said that a feudal lord, ancestor of the Torakura family,
ruled this whole area.
Rumors began to spread that, as he had no son, he should bequeath everything to his son,
he should bequeath everything to his younger brother.
Suddenly, he invited a beautiful woman into the castle,
to be his concubine.
Fortunately, after a few months, she gave him an heir and gave him a son,
she gave him an heir and made him very happy.
But one stormy night there was an accident.
An accident?
It seems that the woman fell off a cliff.
She was found dead,
with a branch through her chest completely through.
The feudal lord, who found it suspicious,
tortured the people closest to his concubine
with torture devices
that he had obtained from foreigners from the West.
Then the truth came out.
It seems that, in order to lure the concubine into the forest,
his brother-in-law told him that the young heir was lost.
The feudal lord, filled with anger,
had his younger brother impaled and all those who had helped him
and all those who had helped him to die in the same way as his beloved.
And he nailed them in rows in the forest.
From then on everyone began to know him
with the nickname "the Impaler".
Yes, but that doesn't mean that he was...
a real vampire or anything like that.
Don't you know the story of Vlad the Third of Wallachia?
who inspired the author of the novel "Dracula"?
He impaled traitors and rebels one after another without mercy.
-Oh!
Did he really exist?
-They called him "the Impaler".
Yes.
Vlad the third's father was Count Dracula.
They called him Dracula, the dragon.
That's why he, as his son, was also called Dracula.
By the way, would you like to take a look at the European room?
(Think once) "The European room?"
Yes, I can see that.
So here are stored all the torture devices
that the feudal lord bought from those foreigners.
"There's even a guillotine."
-Eh?
-Go where!
It was this room!
Mr. Torakura sent me here this morning,
but I didn't know where exactly the European room was.
You could have asked someone.
It turns out that he told me
to come to the European room without telling anyone.
And he warned me not to say a word to the butler.
I suppose that when they were looking for Mr. Torakura
they must have looked in this room, too.
Yes.
I have passed by, it gives me a very bad feeling.
"The Impaler, a room full of torture devices...
and that flying monster..."
"Better not explain to Ran and the Kazuha."
That's it!
The ridges are ready!
We've made so many of them!
Now we just have to bake them.
Conan and Heiji will want to try them.
(At the same time) Come on!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
I just... I was coming to tell you to be careful with the stove,
and when you're done be sure to turn them off.
We'll do that.
Yeah, we will.
Have a good one.

Shouldn't you have told them that there has been a murder in the house?
It's better that they don't know anything, for the moment.
You're right, you're right.
Hey, listen up!
It's best that you four don't leave the dining room until I'm back.
But I have to go find my queen!
Don't worry, the butler and I will look for her.
Let us know if anything happens.
All right, Hikaru?
Yes.
I suppose you told the rest of the servants
to stay together in the same room.
Yes.
But there are indications that it's a vampire.
You mean we do well to face them all 3 of us alone?
Nonsense!
Everyone knows that vampires have never existed!
And now we're going to look for evidence to prove it.
(Heiji) We'll start by looking at his coffin.
I'm sure it has some kind of mechanism built into it.
This room...
I find it different from the other time we came here, don't you?
But the carpet, the table and the armchair...
are exactly in the same place where they were.
Now, speaking of the casket, in the incident half a year ago...
the owner personally asked the chef to wake him up.
Wouldn't it have been more normal for him to ask a maid, or would you?
It seems to me that the master no longer had much confidence in me.
Every time I tried
to get him to stop doing something strange,
he would look at me with suspicious eyes.
Hey, look at this!
It looks like there are two cuts, in the carpet.
This means that if I pull this way,
I remove only this piece and join the two remaining parts...
The carpet will be smaller!
What is it?
What does it look like?
This means that when we have seen the coffin for the first time
it was placed more towards the center.
There is a handle.
Now I get it.
That's where it was going.
And now it's time for the paranormal photo...
I've more or less figured out how he did it.
"Exactly." 2
By the way, do you always take the family photo with your back to the wall?
Yes.
The chairs are always set up the same way.
Only this time
it was the girls who pressed the shutter.
But in fact, Mr.
had asked the Hikaru to take the picture.
Why is that?
Eh?
Maybe because Miss Shimizu, who died 6 months ago,
was the one who took care of it.
And the master should consider that, as she was his replacement,
from now on this would be Hikaru's job.
This maid seems to be receiving favored treatment from the owner.
Hikaru told us!
Eh?
That Mr. Torakura is kind to her and never scolds her.
Wow, what a thing to say!
Every time Mr. Torakura-san talks about her lately
it's always just to complain.
But he's the one who invited her to come and offered her a job, right?
On the contrary!
The gentleman told me that the girl appealed to the fact that she was...
daughter of his former fiancée
and begged him to rent her.
As you have been able to see, she is a very nice and cheerful girl,
which is why the rest of the house staff liked her so much.
But if she told you that,
it's possible that she came here with some hidden agenda.
What does she mean?
Did she explain anything to you about her mother?
Yes, he told us that she died in an accident.
She died on a stormy night.
Suddenly, Mrs. Yoko said...
she was driving to Torakura General Hospital.
"I tried to stop her, but she finally left."
"And while driving along the mountain road she fell off the cliff."
Police said she had fallen because of poor visibility.
Why did she go out, in such bad weather?
A moment before she went out, Mr. Torakura called:
He told me to tell Mrs. Yoko
that her daughter's operation had gone very well.
Miss Shimizu, the maid,
said that she would probably want to see her daughter,
and that's why she was in such a hurry to get to the hospital.
But when she came out, Mrs. Yoko looked pale,
she didn't seem cheerful at all.
How did you know, the maid?
Because I asked Miss Shimizu
to deliver the master's message to Mrs. Yoko.
Was the car in the accident Mrs. Yoko's?
No, it belonged to Mr. Asanobu, the man who died a while ago.
Interestingly, the whole family was also at the mansion that day.
All the siblings and partners?

Yes.
All the people you have seen here today were present on that fateful day.
So if anyone here today
is responsible for masterminding that accident,
as it happened in the legend...
B-but do you know, that, Hikaru?
I don't know.
The master asked me not to tell you about this whole thing.
It seems he wanted to tell you himself.
Eh?
"This morning Mr. Torakura called Hikaru,
but he said he didn't get to see him."
"If that's a lie and he really did see him..."
He's not here!
Where is Hikaru?
She said she was going to make some more tea.
-In the kitchen?
-She's gone to the kitchen.
By the way, the police hasn't arrived yet?
-Yes.
-You called them, didn't you?
But they've told us they won't be able to reopen the tunnel until tomorrow morning.
Have you by any chance found my queen?
We haven't seen it yet.
Ah... I'm starting to get hungry.
Maybe I'll eat one of those ridges the girls have made.
How do you know, that Ran and Kazuha have been making ridges?
Because they came here a while ago.
They asked you for the key to the freezer in the Hikaru.
They said they had made a lot of them and that they wanted to freeze them.
By the way, after they have come to ask for the key,
Hikaru also went to the kitchen, right?
"Of course, there's still one place left...
...where we haven't looked."
"Could it be in there?"
"The freezer!"
(Kazuha) Not this one.
This one doesn't open either.
They should put labels, so we know what each key opens.
(Kazuha) I guess.
Don't worry.
One of them will open eventually.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
We will overcome everything with the power of garlic!
- (Kazuha and Ran: call)
- (blow)
I just got a call from the janitor of the estate.
He says they found a dead person in the forest in front of the mansion.
What?
I mean, you're not a police officer.
So, if you're a detective, that means you're Mr. Mouri's student, right?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
Why should I be a student of that piece of...?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Heiji Hattori and the Vampire Mansion (part three)."

