(Shinichi voice) "Intrigued by the matter.
"That Inspector Otaki must solve,
we followed him and arrived at an isolated mansion in the middle of the mountain."
"There we find a group of siblings
gathered to discuss the inheritance of Hakuya, the eldest brother."
"After receiving a message from him,
"The brothers gather in the dining room
"And they see an ominous image in the window:
en Hakuya turned into a vampire, who flies away into the sky beyond."
"Soon after, the middle brother of the family turns up dead."
"To find the perfect solution,
you have to decipher all the mysteries and codes."
"Danger lurks Ran and the Kazuha."
"We must solve this disturbing phenomenon."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult, and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
(Conan voice) "In Heiji Hattori and the Vampire Mansion.
(Third part)"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ya..."
This is dreadful!
"If this crime was committed by the Hikaru, probably...." (Shinichi, thinks).
"It's to take revenge on the people who killed her mother
and made it look like an accident!"
"It must have been all planned by the Asanobu, who we just found dead,
and the maid they killed 6 months ago."
Besides, if it's been a long time since anyone has seen the Kamiya,
it means she must have been part of it too...
By now she must be dead,
and her body is probably locked inside the freezer...
that the Kazuha and Ran are about to open right now!
That both of them are in danger!
This means...
Perfect!
Oh, oysters!
This key has opened it!
-What a deafening clap of thunder!
- (loud thunder)
Of course, it's a little scary...
But we've made a lot of pork rinds with garlic!
You are right!
We will overcome everything with the power of garlic!
(Both) Aaaah!
I knew it!
Fuck!
(Conan's voice) Users well?
Kazuha!
Look, it's the Hikaru!
What happened, Ran?
-Mm?
-You, get up.
(Both) Eh?
(Both at the same time) Crests?
I was so hungry, and when I smelled the freshly made crests,
I couldn't stay.
Excuse me, I should have asked for permission.
But congratulations, they are delicious!
...grain-thank you.
Mo-many....
Yes.
Have you seen what's in the freezer?
- (both) Eh?
-There's something a little strange.
My mom has the same thing.
See?
It's a big jar of seaweed.
She always keeps seaweed in the freezer so it doesn't dry out.
You're right.
But she shouldn't put the whole jar in.
Well, no...
There was nothing else in it?
And it's a huge freezer.
(Kazuha) Thinking that the only thing inside is this one can...
(Shinichi, thinks) "What should there be, inside?"
"On land we found the trace of something they dragged."
Listen, what's up here?
It's also a freezer, but it's not locked.
And it's filled to the top with food!
Hikaru, are you the only person who has the key to this freezer?
I think Mr. Torakura has one too.
Does this mean... he entrusted you...
all the keys to the mansion?
No, the only keys I have are the ones to the kitchen...
and those of the rooms next door.
But the other maids and the butler...
have the rest of the keys.
By the way, though... they must all be yeast, right?
-Can you tell them to come to the kitchen? -Yes.
-Yes.
Then we can use them for a crest collation.
After everything that's happened today, I doubt...
they don't feel like eating anything.
-Eh?
-Even though I was starving.
Shall we tell you?
About... (Heiji) What happened?
- (Heiji) But everything's fine!

-I don't want to know, I don't want to know!
We've already managed to solve half of today's paranormal phenomenon.
I'm sure when everyone else feels the embargo, they'll work up an appetite.
(Both) Hey?!
I hope they really mean it, that the mystery has been solved.
Well, mostly yes.
A mystery?
It's obvious who the culprit is, then.
It's Hakuya, isn't it?
He killed my husband.
Don't tell me you've figured out
how it is that in Hakuya has become a vampire.
It's normal for you to think that, Mina,
with the pile of strange things that happened today.
But do you really believe that vampires exist?
That's for you to decide for yourselves
after seeing this trick.
Room...
You mean Hakuya has done a trick to disappear inside the coffin?
Yes.
At first we didn't see anything on the tiles under the coffin?
It was a mystery.
But the coffin was not in the same position.
-What do you mean by this?
- (all) Eh?!
Look...
As you can see, the carpet is cut...
so that if you want you can take this part out.
And if you put together the two parts that have been separated...,
suddenly the entrance to a secret passageway appears.
A secret passageway appears?
The entrance is through a sliding door...
that connects to the storage room on the first floor.
But in the storage room... there is no staircase or anything like it.
You can't see it because it's camouflaged
by a hidden door that displaces an entire wooden shelf.
Come to think of it, after that trip, I had the feeling....
that the storage room was a little narrower than before.
-Yes.
-A trip?
About six months ago,
just before the incident with Miss Shimizu,
the master told the entire service
to take a week off
and paid for a trip abroad.
That is, the secret passageway was built that week.
One moment, please.
I understand about the passageway,
but how did he do it, him, to get out of the coffin?
It is very simple.
At the base of the coffin there is also a sliding door.
In addition, at the point where it coincides with the coffin lid...
there is a powerful camouflaged magnet.
It seems that, when the door is closed, the lid is locked.
Until you unlock it with a remote control from the warehouse.
In other words..,
with this mechanism...
anyone can get in and out of the coffin whenever they want...
and without anyone noticing.
It would also be possible to get out
to go and assassinate Miss Shimizu.
What are you insinuating?
That it was Hakuya who killed her?!
Yes, it's very likely.
After that incident...
they put the mansion under a 24-hour doorman.
But before that, I could have made Miss Shimizu go...
to the crime scene with some excuse.
And it would have cost him nothing to kill her by pretending to be the coffin.
-No idea.
-So, where is she now, in Hakuya?
Maybe he's setting up an ambush for his next victim.
Oh!
It can't be!
But if we all stick together, nothing will happen to us,
because he's no monster.
Besides, a vampire capable of flying and walking through walls...
wouldn't need a sad secret passageway, do you think?
- (Kazuha) Bufa, what a downpour!
- (loud thunder)
Yes!
It's awful weather.
No one's coming.
Strange, isn't it?
One question, Ran...
And we come to make ridges...
What do you think... what happened?
What Hikaru was saying before was scary...
I don't know.
But I don't want to start imagining things.
What if it turns out that the owner of the mansion, what we have seen in the coffin,
is really a vampire,
has bitten into Heiji and Conan,
and now it turns out that both of them have become vampires?!
Aw, shut up!
You mean we are the last two humans in the mansion?!
Of course we are not.
No, it can't be.
Gee, after this absurd conversation I'm getting hungry!
And if we eat a few?
When everyone arrives, we'll make more!
So, the photo with the vampire that we took here in the room also has a trick?
Yes!
Put yourselves in the position you were in when you took the picture.
You got it.
All right, now smile!

Heiji, you too, more relaxed, please!
Heiji: -Huh?
-Did you say Heiji?
What are you saying?
There are only 5 of us in this room.
(Both) Eh?
And him too!
After them!
-Wasn't that supposed to be a mirror?
-What... what the hell is going on here?! -What the hell is going on here?!
It's a magic mirror!
If one of the two bands is dark it looks like a mirror.
But if it is illuminated from behind it turns into a glass!
It's very easy to discover this trick.
With your finger?
Just touch the glass with your finger.
If it were a normal mirror,
on the other side of the glass there would be a reflective layer,
so that the mirror you would see a space
between the real finger and the reflected one.
But in a magic mirror,
as the reflective layer is applied in front of the glass,
the real image and the mirror image touch!
Therefore, if we were to put a light source on the other side,
we would see all the clothes hanging on the other side!
"All the clothes hanging"?
Oh, I got it!
The closet in the next room!
Good deduction!
On the inside of the closet is a sliding panel....
which, when opened, reveals a magic mirror in the same place...
where the mirror in the next room is placed.
The person hiding here only has to open the panel,
and just before taking the picture, the face has to be well illuminated.
In this way, his image is sure to appear,
ghostly and blurred, to the photograph.
Well, now you know.
This proves that the person who has done this trick
to appear in the photo as a vampire...
is actually a simple human being.
This means that the killer is in Hakuya, then?
Yes, he's definitely one of the assassins.
-You mean he has an accomplice?
-How?
"One of the killers"?
He's been seriously ill in Hakuya for some time, hasn't he?
It would be impossible for her to move with this agility
without someone helping her.
And at the moment... the suspected accomplice is the older sister...
who hasn't been heard from for several hours now.
Excuse me, I've just been alerted by the janitor of the estate.
He says that a dead person has been found in the woods, in front of the mansion!
What what?!
What?!
(Heiji) She's tied to a post!
(Shinichi voice) It's Kamiya!
She's been strangled!
You're the doormen, aren't you?
You haven't seen the person who came out of the estate with her.
No, in fact, after that man named Otaki...
and the man with the moustache left with the car,
no one else has left the farm.
(Shinichi, he thinks) "It's impossible! How did he get through the fence?!"
(Heiji, thinks) "What do you mean, he flew out?"
Listen, are you sure, you haven't opened the gates of the estate?
since Mr. Otaki's car left?
-We've only opened them once.
-Yes, completely...
When the truck from the furniture company came.
(Home 1) It seems that Mr. Torakura ordered some chairs a few days ago.
a few days ago.
But we saw that they made a mistake and brought a sofa.
(Man 2) We told them to take it away, it wasn't ours,
and that's when the explosion happened.
What do you mean?
When the tunnel collapsed?
Exactly, and we were distracted for a few seconds.
(Shinichi voice) "If the killer took advantage of that moment,
he could have gone out the door without being seen.
But after tying the corpse to the stake....,
when he wanted to go back in, he would have been seen, wouldn't he?
Besides, how is it that the murderer has left the job half done?
Look!
"Half done"?
He dug a hole next to the corpse.
I think the killer had planned to drive the stake in.
That's true.
If it's the same person who killed Ms. Shimizu 6 months ago...,
he'd want to put her upright and bleed her out.
I'm also concerned about that strange blue
on the top of her right arm.
And what's the strangest thing of all,
is that her fingertips are peeling and full of wounds.
It's true...
It doesn't look like he got them
trying to defend herself from her attacker.
-She was found murdered in the forest!
-The... the Kamiya is dead!
-Yes.
-Is my queen really dead?

It can't be!
Why did he kill her?
Why did he kill her?
And more importantly, who has killed the Kamiya?
The doormen should have seen someone!
They say that when Inspector Otaki left the building
no one else went in or out of the door.
-How can that be?
-That no one went out?
There should be some secret entrance
that the killer could have used to get out.
We've gone around the whole fence of the mansion
and there's nowhere to get out.
Also, there are sensors on the top of the fence.
If someone had gone over it, they should have detected it.
What if someone tunneled underneath it?
His older brother had all the renovations done in just one week.
It's humanly impossible to dig such a long tunnel in such a short time.
-Oh!
-That's absurd!
Then how did the murderer manage to get out of the farm?
-They flew away...
-And also, carrying the Kamiya.
In Hakuya he became a vampire and then,
flew away with those dreadful wings...!
Don't worry, Ruri, this young policeman said...
that vampires don't exist, right?
Policeman?
He's wrong.
Soc in Heiji Hattori.
Detective and high school student from Osaka.
-You already looked too young to me.
-De-detective?
You're a high school student?
Well, we need to check a couple of things.
- (door, open)
-If you want to wait for the dining room... -Come on, man, and what else!
-Come on, man, and what else! -Wait!
-Wait!
We listened to you because we thought you were a cop.
My poor queen has been murdered!
You know what?
I'd rather protect myself.
Don't go away!
Wait!
So... you're not a police officer.
So, if you're a detective, that means you're Mr. Mouri's student, right?
Right?
What are you saying?
Why should I be a student of that piece of...?!
Ah!
Yes, that's right!
Soon I will get the certificate from the hands of my teacher,
Mr. Mouri.
And you have already discovered
Mr. Torakura's trick to make his body spin.
-Come on, don't you remember?
-Spinning the body?
In the dining room, when Mr. Torakura appeared at the window.
Just before opening the curtains,
a flash of lightning illuminated Mr. Torakura's shadow,
and he was not upside down.
Moreover, his body was transparent, like that of a ghost!
-Oh!
-Huh?
Over here, you've seen it, haven't you?
Mr. Torakura's head.
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
That's what we thought!
How do you see, Kudo?
Well, that means the apparition...
Ha!
They've come up with a good idea!
But... something so big...
It can't be carried out soon after arriving at the house.
Excuse me, the 4 brothers... they came very often, in the mansion?
When I came here as a child, with my mother,
I remember all the brothers lived in the mansion.
But since I've been working here, this is the first time I've seen them.
It's been more than a year since the brothers came to the mansion.
Everyone calls to ask how Mr. Hakuya is doing,
how he's doing, but they hardly ever come to see him.
It's a bit of a special family.
That's why I....
thought maybe there was some couple
who were expecting a baby
and had decided to get together to celebrate.
(Conan voice) To celebrate?
Mr. Torakura bought on the internet
a plastic paddling pool and also some toy airplanes?
I thought they would be gifts for the child.
When I was little...
before I worked here, he used to buy me clothes and things too.
And what was it like, the airplane?
Was it the kind that flaps its wings?
Yes.
At least that's what it said on the delivery note.
I thought it was a pretty big box, though,
for a child's toy.
But when Ms. Kamiya arrived with Mr. Hagawa
and I asked her if she was pregnant....,
they both laughed and said, "Impossible!"
This morning Mr. Kishiharu arrived with a large bag,
and I thought maybe he was carrying a huge gift.
But he told me he was carrying his camera and developing materials.
I also asked Mr. Asanobu and his wife,
who arrived before you, and Mrs. Ruri commented:

"May Mina and Johei get back together"?
And you asked Miss Mina?
Yes, she arrived a little later than you.
But she totally ignored me.
Get back together?
You mean she and Mr. Hagawa had been dating?
Yes, Miss Mina seemed very much in love with Mr. Hagawa,
but soon he started dating Miss Kamiya.
And Mr. Kishiharu and Mrs. Ruri?
The two of them had been engaged,
but when Mrs. Yoko died in that car accident,
Mr. Kishiharu spent a very depressed time...
and called off the engagement.
Then Mrs. Ruri fell in love with Mr. Asanobu
and they got married.
Rumor has it that Mr. Kishiharu was very much in love with Mrs. Yuri.
was very much in love with Mrs. Yoko,
who as you know was Mr. Hakuya's girlfriend.
On the day of the burial everyone noticed
that she had cried more than Mr. Hakuya.
I have been told by the other maids that you also cried a lot,
on the day of the funeral.
They also say that you and my mother got along very well.
My God, what a mess.
What's that?
That's not true!
Yes.
It seems that everyone had a cell phone, in this house...
-Oh!
Message from Mr. Kishiharu.
- (cell phone: message alert)
He wants me to bring him sake in his room.
And how does he know... his mailing address, he?
Not only does he know it, the address.
The day before they came,
I sent them all a message saying we were expecting their arrival.
And why did you do this?
Because a few days before Mr. Torakura
gave me their e-mail addresses.
I thought he must have wanted me
to welcome them before they arrived,
and so I sent them to you.
We often send messages to each other, with Mr. Torakura.
So, when he told you to go to the European room, he sent you a....
Yes, a message!
Look!
"After breakfast come to the European room
without saying anything to anyone.
Above all, don't let the butler suspect anything".
But unfortunately I didn't see the message until noon.
Mr. Torakura must have thought that I had planted it.
You didn't realize that you had received it?
It's just that I left my cell phone charging in the bathroom downstairs
and I totally forgot.
-It's Mr. Kishiharu!
- (cell phone: message alert)
He says to come right away!
I've got to go!
From what the message said, it doesn't seem...
...Mr. Torakura doesn't seem to dislike Hikaru.
(Kazuha) Really?
You mean no one's coming to eat crests?!
(Kazuha) -No.
-Are they all in bed already?
I'd say they're all yeast,
but now they don't feel like... eating anything at all.
Maybe you'd better go to sleep in their room.
Wow... They were so good.
But we've eaten most of the crests, Ran.
You're right.
And what will we do if Conan and Heiji come for lunch?
There are still ingredients left.
We can always make some more!
There's no doubt who the killer is.
Do you agree, Kudo?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, but we can't prove it at the moment.
(At the same time) Besides, considering how the Kamiya died....
Our hands are tied until we don't tell how she did it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How did he make it through the garden gate?
"Without being seen,
carry the Kamiya into the forest and then kill her?"
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
I hope my daughter is well!
Now we can be sure.
The killer is not a vampire with wings flying from one place to the next.
or anything like that.
Yes, maybe the culprit is a monster,
but because he's a cruel killer.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:

"On Heiji Hattori and the vampire mansion (part four)".

