"Intrigued by 'the matter' that Inspector Otaki must solve, we follow him and arrive at an isolated mansion in the middle of the mountain,
we follow him and arrive at an isolated mansion in the middle of the mountain."
"There we find a group of siblings who have gathered to discuss
about the distribution of the inheritance of Hakuya, the eldest brother."
"They take a family photograph but, when they develop it,
"They see the shocking image of the owner of the house,
who, at the time the photo was taken, was not there."
"After receiving a message from him,
"The brothers gather in the dining room
"And they see an ominous image in the window:
Hakuya turned into a vampire, flying away in the sky over there."
"Shortly after, the middle brother turns up dead."
"After a few hours, they find the corpse of the older sister in the forest."
"The rest of the siblings retire to their rooms
to wait for daylight, but..."
There is no doubt who the murderer is.
Do you agree, Kudo?
Yes, but we can't prove it at the moment.
How did he do it to get through the garden gate without being seen?
carry the Kamiya into the forest and then kill her?
"To find the perfect solution,
all the mysteries and codes must be deciphered."
"The skillful deductions of the two boys solve the strange case of the vampire."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Mujun mansas shita mama hashira tsudzukeru basu.
Nokkatta Bokura wa mujaki ni Warau.
Migihidari nigiyaka na Sain ga afurete.
Mayottara mí wo makasu desu yo de ella, doraibaa.
Warugi nakute mo
Tsum wa umaremasu ka?
Kotae wa Doko ni
kakusareteru no somebody knows.
Akiramenaide
move choi kangaete, ask, answer!
Kurayami ni ukanderu
sono hoho ni fureru.
Dare mo ga yuzurenai
Seigi wo idaite.
Kotae wa koko ni
Chant aru Jana everybody knows.
Dakedo moves Hitotsu
kokoro ga harenai, question, answer!
Sono sabishisa wo
Bokura wa Ikiru, question !, answer!
"In Heiji Hattori and the Vampire Mansion (part four)."
(Kishiharu) Sorry.
I wanted to make him drink some sake at the Ruri to calm him down,
but in the end he fell asleep.
-Oh, gee.
-You can take him away now.
I'm sorry you brought him all this way for nothing.
That's all right.
And you, Mr. Kishiharu, don't you want some?
No, I'm going back to the room.
I'll close the door and go to sleep.
After Yoko's accident, I decided to stop drinking.
- (Johei) I told you to leave!
(Johei) -Ah.
-(Johei) Go away.
(Johei) Leave me alone.
-But, Johei... -But, Johei...
Oh, my...
And to think that I came here to comfort you a little...
What's wrong with you?
Your sister was killed.
Aren't you sad?
A little, but we were only sisters on our father's side.
And besides, she was my rival in love, as you know.
You mean you still really believe that we're made for each other?
You must be kidding!
Hm... That's nice...
-Oh, it's sake?
-Oh!
-Of course.
-Can I take it with me?
I don't know why, but I really want to drink it tonight.
Eh? (Laughs)
(Otaki) Oh.
(Otaki) What?
Another murder?
That she's been killed?
Are you serious, Heiji?
"Yes, the janitor felt the ringing of a cell phone in the forest and then..."
I hope my daughter is well !!!!
Of course she is.
She's in the kitchen making pork rinds with the Kazuha.
Pork rinds?
So what?
You still haven't figured out who the murderer is?
"Yes."
"Yes."
We know perfectly well who he is.
"He is the only person capable of implementing this stratagem."
And what are you doing that you don't stop him?!
Emmanilla'l right away!
- "I can't, I have no proof."
-Well, Emmanilla'l....
And I still have to solve
one of the tricks he used a while ago.
"How is it possible for someone to go out a door without being seen by anyone,
strangle a person and come back in through the same door?"
Eh?
Evidently the fence has motion sensors
and if someone tries to climb over it they are instantly detected.
"The watchmen only left their place for a moment
when the tunnel collapsed."
-Hm.
- "How do you see it?"
Perhaps the killer killed the Kamiya,
then threw her over the fence and ran away.
Yes, man!

Do you know how much strength it would take, to do this?
"What's that on my knees?"
"It must be from when I knelt down to inspect Kamiya's body."
"But what is it?"
"It looks like white crystals... mixed with mud."
"By feel... it could be salt."
"But what was it doing there?"
No matter how much someone trains with a barbell with weights, it's impossible,
don't you think?
And the corpse was tied to a post.
Eh?
...with weights?"
"A bar...
Now we can be sure.
The killer is not some vampire with wings flying from one place to another
or anything like that.
Yes, maybe the culprit is a monster but because he is a cruel killer.
(Thunder)
(Thunder)
(Thunder)
(Mobile: message, acoustic signal)
Oh!
A message from Mr. Torakura?
"Come to the European room
so I can explain to you what I wanted to tell you in the morning but couldn't.
Obviously, come alone and without anyone noticing anything.
Hakuya Torakura.
(Thinks) "What will he want to explain to me?"
"Maybe she's fine and has figured out who the murderer is."
"But it looked like a real vampire to me."
-Ah!
-Hikaru...
Xxxt... I'd like to talk to you for a moment.
Very well, then.
Okay. (Yawns)
(Yawns)
I'm so tired.
I'm very sleepy.
(Yawns) What?
It's 5:00 in the morning!
We have to go to sleep right away!
-Oh, they're calling!
It's Heiji.
- (cell phone)
Heiji, what do you want?
Are you hungry?
There's still plenty of pork rinds, if you feel like it.
(cell phone rings) Huh?
Ah.
Okay, okay, okay.
All right. [Laughs]
All right, then.
No problem!
So, what did you want in Heiji?
Hey, you got a hair clip?
Eh?
Mister?
Mr. Torakura?
Soc Hikaru.
I came because I saw your message.
Where are you, sir?
Ah!
Alright, it's over!
Iah!
IAAH!
Hello.
Are you both okay?
You didn't have to leave!
All we needed was your voice and enough, Hikaru!
Understood.
Wow... Look, he ran away.
It's true!
He's disappeared.
Aah!
Aah!
Damn!
Now I'm stuck!
Of course, of course.
This corridor was built in Hakuya with Hikaru in mind.
Therefore, it's normal for her body not to pass.
Mr. Johei Hagawa.
The fact that in Hakuya he gave you clothes in the Hikaru sometime
shows that he knew exactly what size I was wearing.
Yes.
All those killed tonight
were what Hakuya intended to order from Hikaru.
This morning he sent her a message
asking him to go to the European room
because he wanted to explain to you how the tricks work.
But it is you who has carried them out.
In Hakuya has sent a message to Hikaru on the mobile,
but she had left it charging
in a socket in the washroom on the first floor.
"We know you have read it without permission."
"The Hikaru hasn't seen it until noon, you know?"
What makes you think it was me?
In Kishiharu has arrived shortly before noon,
he could have seen her too, couldn't he?
In the message he said
to go to the European room after breakfast.
If someone had seen the message shortly before noon,
they would have thought that Hakuya would be gone.
Or perhaps they would have thought
that the two had probably met by chance later in the day and that he had already told her about it.
and that he had already told her everything.
Or he might have thought that if the girl hadn't seen in Hakuya,
he would have let it go by now.
But whoever read the message in the morning had gone to the European room.
"You and Kamiya, who arrived yesterday,
are the only ones who may have gone."
"And as it turns out that Kamiya has been killed,
the only person left is you!"
It could also have been read by the butler or some other maid,
but considering the message,
and that Hakuya sent it through his cell phone,
means that he was sure that no one in the service would be so unworthy
to read someone else's message without permission.
You, worried about what he might want to explain?
you sneaked into the European room and there you saw...

that in Hakuya had cut the neck with the guillotine and was dead.
Surely everything must have been next to the body, right?
His cell phone, the key to the freezer?
and the switch to set off the explosive in the tunnel,
and the plan to carry out all the murders.
Stop talking as if you saw me doing all this!
So that this series of murders
could be carried out according to plan,
in Hakuya first had to cut the throat.
For example, to execute the very effective trick of disappearing from the coffin.
If he had done it himself while alive it was easy enough,
but if someone wanted to do it with his corpse, then it was impossible.
"The only way was to use only the head."
"We have gone immediately we heard the Ran and the Kazuha call."
You escaped by running out of the downstairs storage room....
and retrieved the head through the secret passageway, didn't you?
Probably the only real body part the Kazuha has seen?
was Hakuya's head.
As for the rest of the body,
"He stuffed the clothes with something,
"Because if it had been real, when she took it out,
the coffin would have made noise or moved."
Then he unlocked the lid of the coffin with the remote control.
and while everyone was surprised by the disappearance of the body,
"You have put the head inside the cupboard
behind which you would later take the family photo."
"So I could do the paranormal photo trick."
The closet has a rod for hanging clothes,
so it wouldn't have taken him long to hang the head as well.
Since he had to do all these things
you were the last one in the coffin room, weren't you?
To take the photograph...
as you were standing next to the magic mirror,
"It has been positioned in such a way
that the Kamiya did not block the image of the mirror."
"Then, at the right moment,
"You illuminated Hakuya's face inside the closet.
"By pressing a hidden remote control
"And made his face appear in the mirror...
as if it were a ghostly apparition."
And the last trick was when Hakuya appeared hanging upside down in the dining room window.
upside down in the dining room window.
A strange shadow?
Aaaaaaaah !!!!
Then he went to wait for the Asanobu in the smoking room,
"He looked for the right moment and killed her by cutting her carotid artery."
"Then he passed a fishing line
"through the hinge of the blind of the smoking room
and hung it so that it reached the dining room window."
"He attached Hakuya's head to one end of it
and the other you've attached to the frame of the balcony window, haven't you?"
"Like this,
when you opened the balcony, the thread broke and the head fell off."
Wait a minute, ready!
When I opened the balcony the head disappeared upwards, right?
So, if it was only the head?
couldn't someone else have pulled it from the floor above?
A convex lens.
Only one of the crystals, the one on the upper right,
is made with a convex lens, like a magnifying glass.
Through this lens, depending on the angle of view, the object is seen upside down,
the object is seen upside down.
That is why, even though the boss has fallen to the ground, it seemed to disappear upwards,
it seemed to disappear upwards.
In addition, the three crystals under the convex lens are normal.
If someone had seen it fall downwards everything would have gone down!
"That is, this trick could only work.....
"In case it was you, who put it into practice,
because the 3 lower crystals had to be covered."
"The boss has fallen by inertia into a vase
that was next to the flower pots on the balcony."
"Later, when we went out,
"The vase was placed on its side...
and Hakuya's head was still inside."
That's why we wouldn't have noticed
if Hikaru hadn't told us that, when a lightning bolt broke out,
she thought she saw the silhouette of Mr. Torakura's face up in the window.
of Mr. Torakura upside down.
The big bird that we saw flying out later,
it was an airplane of those that beat the wings.
He had placed it on the roof, in front of the smoking room...
and just before he opened the balcony of the dining room
"He started the engine... by remote control...

and made the plane fly off into the sky over there."
I'm sure we'll end up finding it crashed somewhere in the forest.
But what about my queen, who has been murdered in the forest?
Are you telling me that I did this too?
The porter has only left his place for a moment,
and besides, I was tied to a stake, wasn't I?
How could I have done such a thing if I never left the mansion at any time?
With ice wheels!
At each end of the pole where she was tied to her girlfriend
are placed ice wheels, like on a bar with weights.
Then, when the watchmen have been distracted for a moment....
with the explosion of the tunnel
he pushed her so that they rolled down right in front of the door.
"The corpse, which was hitting with its hands on the floor, rolled until it hit the ground,
rolled down until it hit the trees in the forest."
"Then all I had to do was wait for the ice to melt...
"And call the Kamiya on the cell phone
because the watchmen found the body."
Tonight it was very wet and it rained a lot.
But on top of that he put salt on the ice wheels
so that they would melt faster.
By the way, he made the ice wheels...
using the lockable freezer.
He has placed a pot of seaweed in the middle of a paddling pool
and divided it with a piece of paper or something else to get two ice wheels.
to get two ice wheels.
Then he has taken them out of the freezer and rolled them.
The wheels have taken some of the flour
scattered by the Ran and the Kazuha, and left a mark on the floor.
A trace of the width of the two wheels.
It seems unbelievable!
You've come up with a story with no room for proof!
But you have the proof, don't you?
You didn't erase Hakuya's message from Hikaru's cell phone
because you wanted to accuse her of the murders.
Hey, what the hell are you doing?
We thought that I would make Hikaru go somewhere to shut her up.
And then I would put this sheet that I just found on top of her
with the plan prepared by Hakuya.
This is the proof, Mr. Johei Hagawa.
On this sheet are the instructions:
"Have Mr. Hagawa come into the European room...
kill him, lock the room...
and then flee down the secret corridor."
You wanted to make it look as if Hikaru had asked you
to go to the European room,
and that she had attacked you and you had killed her in self-defense.
If you placed the paper with the plan next to the Hikaru
and called to make us all come
it would be clear that she had had to defend herself
from the assassin who had tried to kill you, right?
Damn!
How is it possible that these guys...
If they hadn't come, it would have been fine!
It seemed to us that there was something suspicious
when he kept insisting
that the DNA of the blood in the coffin had to be analyzed.
But why?
It was blood that fell when I put my head inside the coffin.
When the police tested it,
they confirmed that the blood type was not Hakuya's!
It's obvious that they made a mistake!
You say that the traces of blood we found in the coffin are group AB?
First of all
that blood should be analyzed further;
and look at his DNA.
Hakuya probably had cancer.
In the last stages it is possible that the blood group of the patient changes.
From group A to group AB and from group 0 to group B.
The fact that you said it was a mistake
confirms that it was you
responsible for putting Hakuya's head into the coffin.
Because of this plan your blood has also changed, Mr. Hagawa.
It has become
the blood of a ruthless killer with no remorse.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
(Kogoro) "Dear daughter?"
The sheet of paper with the plan began with the words, "Dear daughter"?
Exactly.

He deceived the butler to hide that the Hikaru was his daughter.
A will and a DNA certificate were found in the room,
so there is no room for doubt.
You mean he tried to make his daughter commit that series of crimes?
Of course she did!
That's why he put on fake fangs,
to make everyone believe that he had committed them himself
after he became a vampire.
He wanted to avenge the death of Yoko, whom he wanted to marry.
Apparently, Mr. Hagawa already confessed how it all went.
"He said that Shimizu, Kamiya, Asanobu and he....
had all planned the accident and Yoko's death together."
In other words, the murder of Miss Shimizu half a year ago...
Well, he committed it in Hakuya.
In the will it says that he sucked her blood,
to go along with the vampire story.
But since he was a doctor, he probably made her drink something
that would prevent clotting...
so he inserted a catheter into her artery and drew her blood.
He was probably supposed to tie Miss Shimizu to the stick
to make the ice wheel trick difficult to discover.
But if the Hikaru...
had seen what the plan was on Hakuya before Johei Hagawa....
Nothing would have happened.
At the bottom of the sheet with the plan it said this:
"But if you decide to forgive everything and everyone,
please cream this sheet along with the craving for revenge
that has been gnawing at my insides for years".
I'm sure that's what the Hikaru would have done.
Of course.
This man, in Hagawa, is really a bad person.
He must be very cold-blooded to kill his girlfriend,
thinking that Mina would come back to him
and get the inheritance money.
The truth is, this man is a senseless monster with no scruples.
Hm.
I advise you to be very careful.
-What?
-Women can be terrible.
Why do you say that, this?
Ah...
How many crests must she have eaten?
What a garlic smell...
I happen to have just received a rather disturbing letter.
It says here that Mr. Jisaburo Izumi is in danger.
Eh?
I can't trust anyone lately.
But I think I can trust you, my boy.
Because you saved my life.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Demons dance in the noh mask mansion (part one)'."

