"Chika Kaido, a writer of mystery novels,
"has invited us to her home in Shizuoka Prefecture,
"at the foot of Mt. Fuji, because she wants Kogoro to talk to her...
about his experiences solving all kinds of cases."
You know what, Mr. Mouri?
These two are super-embolicats.
What?
What... what two?
My man, Yuichi, and my assistant, Kohki.
In other words, I'm afraid I'm a real nuisance to the two of them.
But I'm not going to let them get away with that,
to get together and leave me out in the cold.
You'll see, I'll be a real nightmare for these two, you can't imagine I'll pass.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Chika Kaido may look very strong,
but in reality she is a very weak person.
She is always discouraged and with low morale.
And she won't close her eyes, if she doesn't take her sleeping pills.
Imagine how she is, the poor thing.
Chika plays hard to get, but it's all a facade.
The truth is that she is a very sensitive and delicate woman.
I was terrified, the other day,
when I saw how she was looking at a kitchen knife,
with that expression she had.
She is going through a bad time, psychologically,
and frankly I think she was thinking of suicide.
Until tomorrow, my friends.
Have a good night and rest.
Thank you very much, good night.
Guys, I don't understand anything.
He invites me to talk to him about my work
but he won't let me open my mouth.
And they've told us some very intimate things.
Oh, what a beautiful moon.
(Yuichi) Yes, very.
Mm... I have a feeling I'll be writing a lot tonight.
There's a proverb that says, "Happiness doesn't last."
Maybe this is the last time you'll see her.
"I had no idea what was to go through the minds of those three,
but very soon they would be the protagonists of a case."
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The diabolical circuit leaves no one alive."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The diabolical circuit"
Eh?
So you've seen Chika laughing, tonight?
Yes.
It was around two o'clock.
When I got up to go to the bathroom.
Ha-ha-ha!!!
"What would be so funny?"
Something funny must have happened to him.
I imagine it would.
(Phone: ringtone)
Strange, they don't pick up.
As if they were still asleep.
But it can be, that there is no one yeast, though?
Let's have a look.
If it's past 8 o'clock!
The curtains are drawn.
Maybe they're still asleep.
What?
Kogoro, look!
- (door: doorbell)
-Mr. Kaido!
Mrs. Kaido!
Yes!
I'll break the door down!
Judging by the "rigor mortis",
she hasn't been dead for many hours.
There are no signs of injury.
Perhaps she died of natural causes.
Or maybe she's ingested poison.
In any case, we have to inform the Kaido.
-I'm in Mouri!
We have to go in!
- (door: knock)
Eh?!
There's nothing to do.
He is dead.
He also has no sign of external injuries.
(door opens) Huh?
Sleeping pills.
Oh!
"Could it be that...?"
Her too?
Ran, can you call the police, please?
Look, Kogoro.
Yes.
This vase matches the vase we saw lying on the floor,
next to the assistant.
You're right.
"Eh? This is wet."
Here the floor is wet.
So that water should spill out of the vase.
In the wastebasket there are two empty beer cans and two chocolate bars,
as well as used tissues.
Kogoro, why should they throw them away, these candy bars?

You never know.
They are not even initiated.
It seems that Mrs. Kaido was working when she died.
Maybe she was in time to write a message before she died.
That could be it.
Yes!
There are three sentences!
"An ironic result".
"Paths that cross".
"The lone victor who survives has the last laugh".
Hm.
Well this doesn't look like the message of a dying woman.
More like ideas for a novel.
Father, the police say they'll be here soon.
Understood.
Long time no see, Mr. Mouri.
-Yes, it has.
-Yes, it's true, Yokomizo. -Yes, it's true, Yokomizo.
May I introduce the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, Inspector Ogawara.
How do you do, Mr. Mouri?
Inspector Yokomizo has told me a lot about your great deductive skills.
- (Ogawara) But...
He-he-he!
It's no big deal.
We're getting better and better at the police force with each passing day,
so we're getting smarter on our own
and not have to depend on people outside the force like you.
Let's see, then, Mr. Mouri.
Would you be so kind as to show us the victims?
Go ahead, this way.
(Camera: shooting)
(Camera: shooting)
Inspector, he's not from the police,
how come you let him take over the crime scene?
Don't give me that.
"In the box of chocolates that was on top of the desk, it said that there had to be 20,
it said there were supposed to be 20, but there were only 17 left."
"Next to the box was an empty wrapper,
probably from a chocolate bar I had already eaten."
"Inside the closet of the husband's room, Mr. Kaido,
the police found a syringe that had been used."
"The results of the autopsies of the three corpses would reveal valuable information.
would reveal valuable information."
Father, what happened?
Did they commit suicide?
Have they been murdered?
Hmmm.
I see you don't know.
From it, it seems,
Chika Kaido was very fond of these chocolates
and always ate them while working on her books.
Y?
How come she threw two in the garbage can without opening them?
Besides, it also says here that she used to take 5 sleeping pills...
every night before going to bed.
But it seems that her husband, Mr.
Kaido,
was against her taking them, that he didn't think it was right.
Eh?
But don't you remember that there was a bottle of sleeping pills
next to her husband's body?
Well, that must have been her pills.
Conan, can you tell me where you got this from?
Yes.
It was on a small table in the living room.
What else does it say?
"I like to take long baths, with hot water, which relaxes me a lot,
and when I get out of the bath I like to drink a cold beer.
But the doctor told me it was better not to drink beer".
But there were two empty beer cans in the wastebasket.
I had to buy that beautiful vase to stop drinking beer.
To be able to drink water coming out of the bathtub.
In the assistant, who went shopping with her,
she liked it very much.
More or less.
So the Kohki was her assistant?
But what...?
More than a million yen?!
For a vase?!
"Ten-hay-do."
What?
That the Chika Kaido has died?
But-but when?
May I know who you are?
My name is Akio Toda.
I run "Mystery Paradise" and I'm the publisher of the Chika Kaido.
You seemed to be doing quite well when I called you last night.
Eh?
I'm sorry, but we need to ask you a few questions.
Okay, we do.
You told us that you spoke to her on the phone last night.
Yeah, she actually called you on your cell phone.
She didn't get it the first time I tried it.
But later on, when it was about 12:00, she did pick it up.
So what, you've come a long way,
since the last time we talked on the phone?
(Chika) "Yes, it will be a most intriguing masterpiece."
(Chika) "It will mark a milestone in the history of Japanese mystery novels."
(Toda) "I was excited."
This you explained to us rules out suicide.
(All) Okay.
Understood.
(Toda) Thank you.
Now they have just communicated to me
the autopsy results of the three corpses.
"The first to die was Mr. Kaido, at 7:12."
"They found that the pills he took had poison in them."
"Then, at around one o'clock at night,

Miss Shimura trespassed."
"It turns out that they also found traces of poison on
the glass in which the tea was being drunk."
"And, finally, the Chika Kaido died around two o'clock."
"They had injected poison into the chocolate bar
she ate while working on her novel."
"By the way,
you saw that there was a second poisoned chocolate bar in the box."
Instead, neither the two that were in the garbage can....
nor the others in the box have not detected any poison.
Mmm.
Then there is no doubt that all three of them were murdered.
Yes.
Why couldn't it be that they killed themselves?
If they wanted to kill themselves, they could have taken poison directly.
There was no need for them to complicate their lives in this way.
By injecting poison in a chocolate bar, for example.
It would have been absurd.
Exactly.
It's as clear as day that they poisoned all three of them.
The other strange thing is that the poison used to poison them is different in the three cases.
is different in all three cases.
Oh!
What?
-Yes.
So that means that...
It's very possible that we're looking at 3 killers.
Yeah, that falls under its own weight, too.
One killer wouldn't have bothered
preparing three different types of poisons.
Yes, but it's very strange...
that 3 killers killed 3 people on the same day.
-Mm?
-Inspector.
There is another detail to consider:
the three poisoned things were all three of Mrs. Kaido's.
-So...
-Well, yes.
We could also look at it this other way:
even if there are 3 different assassins,
the target was only one person: Mrs. Kaido.
What a thing to say!
So both her husband and Ms. Shimura....
(Ogawara) ended up as unwitting victims.
Yes?
Hey, Kogoro.
Do you remember that yesterday Mrs.
Kaido said something very strange yesterday?
"I'm going to be a real nightmare for this pair, can't you imagine."
Eh?
Do you know what she meant by that, Mr. Mouri?
Just a moment.
Earlier you had explained to us
that your husband and Miss Shimura were involved, right?
Is this true?
It seems that your husband had asked for a divorce.
But the problem was
Chika Kaido was a very proud person.
And she told me that he hadn't granted it.
In other words, in order to be together...
they had no choice but to get rid of Mrs. Kaido.
Kaido.
So, we already have two of the three assassins.
In Yuichi Kaido, her husband, and Shimura, her assistant.
Of course we do.
That's why they told us those things when we were talking to them.
Chika Kaido may look very strong,
but she's actually a very weak person.
She is going through a bad time and I think she was thinking about suicide.
Surely the husband and the Shimura had planned, before killing her,
to make her death look like a suicide.
And they wanted you to be an eyewitness?
Is it true that the syringe that was found
in the closet of Mr.
Kaido's room a while ago
had traces of the same kind of poison that was in the chocolate bars.
Well, that's clear.
In addition, we found the husband's fingerprints on all the chocolate bars...
in the studio where his wife, Mrs. Kaido, worked.
Kaido.
"On all of them?"
I think the three murderers,
Mr. Kaido, Miss Shimura and Killer "X"..,
intended to kill Mrs. Kaido.
But, ironically, not only did she die,
but the husband and the assistant ended up killing each other
with the different poisons they used
that were intended for the murder of the mystery writer.
But who is the third killer, the mysterious "X"?
Editors have a difficult time
when they have to face the selfishness of the novelists they publish.
-Huh?
-Right, Mr. Toda?
M-Mr. Mouri.
Are you sure of your deduction?
You deeply hated Mrs. Kaido, didn't you, I'm not mistaken?
What-what do you say!
I think it's a better tactic to find out
who benefited most from her death,
if we want to know the motive for the murder.
If a novelist dies suddenly it attracts a lot of attention from the general public.
And then don't the books and magazines connected with this author
don't sell much better?
-What?
-I see where you're going.
What-what do you mean by that, inspector?
I didn't kill her!

I really didn't!
"Why are all the chocolates,
the husband's fingerprints?"
"And not only that..."
"How come there were two empty beer cans in the wastebasket?
if the doctor had told him not to drink?"
"And what did he draw toward the strange laughter
he witnessed at Kogoro in the early hours of the morning?"
"Darn! There are masses of loose ends!"
"I'm very intrigued by what he said."
You'll see,
I'll be a real nightmare for this pair, you can't imagine what I'll go through.
Why should I say it?
Conan...
Eh?
Do you find it normal, that everyone suspects the editor?
It's not clear to me that he's the one to blame for her death.
Aaah!
Don't worry about it,
I'm sure you'll find the solution to this riddle in Kogoro.
"Now I get it!"
What's wrong with you, Conan?
What's wrong with you, Conan?
But, Conan...
You have.
I start to pass, Ran.
One question, Inspector.
Were there Mr. Kaido's fingerprints on the syringe
Kaido's fingerprints on the syringe that was in the cabinet?
No, it had been wiped clean so that no prints were left.
But isn't that very strange?
I wiped the prints off the syringe,
but instead left the chocolate bars?
Yes, I suppose it is, but...
Mr. Toda, you called Mrs. Kaido twice last night, didn't you?
Yes.
First I called him one and a half times out of 12.
But this first time she didn't pick up the phone, did she?
The second time I called you, she answered,
she explained to me that she'd gotten in the bathtub at 11:00.
and that he was still there at half past one.
What's up, Conan, di?
In Kogoro is a great detective, of course!
He told me that he has solved all this mystery.
Oi, Kogoro?
Eh?
-Eh?
-Eh?
Eh?
Well... this... Ahem!
Remember, I told you that the third killer was Mr. Toda?
Aaah!
(Kogoro voice) Well, it's not true!
Eh?
So you're denying what you told us before?
Mr. Toda?
Toda, do you confirm that it's true what was rumored to be true
that Mrs. Kaido was suffering from depression?
Eh?
Yes.
For some time now.
It doesn't matter if she was depressed or not depressed!
It's irrelevant!
It's true that she was killed, that she didn't commit suicide.
Eh?
The third murderer, the murderer "X", is her.
She was the one who poisoned her favorite chocolates.
But she did it to commit suicide.
So Mrs. Kaido did commit suicide?
She didn't commit suicide.
She didn't commit suicide.
But you just said so!
As Mrs. Kaido would say....,
a diabolical and ironic circuit was activated.
She was a very proud novelist
and she didn't want to go on living without being able to write,
because of depression.
But she could not bear to think that her husband and her lover would be happy after her death.
would be happy after her death.
So she gave a deadly gift to Mr. Kaido....
by making him out to be his wife's murderer.
"First, she injected poison into a couple of chocolates from the box
so that he could kill himself later."
"He then hid the syringe he had used..."
in her husband's room.
Meanwhile, unaware of what was going on,
M.
Kaido and Miss Shimura planned to kill Mrs. Kaido,
but each went his own way, without having told her.
"The writer had gone into the bathtub at about 11 o'clock."
"At this time, Miss Shimura exchanged her mistress's sleeping pills for poison pills.
her mistress's sleeping pills for poisoned ones."
"At about half past five of 12, Mr. Kaido put poison in the glass vase.
"which matched the vase,
and which his wife used for drinking water after bathing."
"And then, to try to calm himself down,
he took his wife's sleeping pills in his room."
"He took one and was the first of the three to die."
"Then, at about 12 o'clock, Mrs. Kaido got out of the bathtub....
and answered Mr. Toda's call."
"Then, surely,
"she accidentally dropped the water pitcher on the floor."
It will mark a milestone in the history of the Japanese mystery novel.
Ha-ha-ha!
"But he was unable to drink water from the vase that had fallen on the floor
and the water had spilled out."
"Then he went to the kitchen and changed his mind."
"He thought, as he would die soon anyway,

I'd carry a couple of cans of beer in the studio."
"And he drank them."
"Then, a little before one o'clock," Miss Shimura,
"who probably couldn't sleep,
"came to the kitchen and used the glass...
that matched the pitcher to drink tea."
"The second victim, Miss Shimura, died."
"And then, at two o'clock, Mrs. Kaido returned to the kitchen...
"And discovered the body of her assistant on the floor,
along with the glass that matched the vase."
"She concluded that her husband had wanted to poison her."
Eh?
"Then she discovered her husband dead and tied up the loose ends."
"She deduced that those two had killed each other, by mistake,
trying to kill her."
Ha-ha-ha!
"The urge to commit suicide had passed."
"And she threw the candy bars she had poisoned into the wastebasket."
(Think) "I have to live!"
"I will live and write a novel about this pathetic couple!"
"It will be a great novel."
Hm.
"And the third victim, Mrs. Kaido, died."
Oh...
But something doesn't add up for me, Mr. Mouri.
No wonder she made a mistake
and ate one of the chocolates she had prepared to commit suicide?
To tell you the truth, I find it very unlikely.
Another diabolical circuit was set in motion.
Eh?
Mr.
Toda made the first call to Mrs.
Kaido at half past one on 12.
Surely her husband was putting the poison
precisely at that time.
"With the surprise of hearing the phone,
he must have dropped the box of chocolates on the floor."
"And then he changed the position of the poisoned ones."
There is no other possible explanation
due to the fact that absolutely all the chocolate bars in the box
had his fingerprints on them.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta it.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
What did you think, Ogawara?
You see, why do I want the Mouri to help me with his deductions?
Yes.
I was able to admire the greatness of a great detective.
Very well, Father.
As long as my reasoning is understood, I am satisfied.
That's enough, Father.
This was out of place.
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!
"Mmm... Now I've gone too far. It sounded like a Kogoro joke."
Aaaaah!
(Female) Inspector.
The clothes are spun, but they're still inside the washing machine.
How come you remember how late the washing machine was on?
Because it was wobbling and making a lot of noise.
But after about 5 minutes it stopped.
You say it stopped?
I thought I heard the noise.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The 'vip ticket scramble'."

