One moment, please.
Wow, Haruka!
Do you have tickets for Black Roses?
-He gave them to me.
-They're hard to get!
Who's that?
Your starving guitarist?
Yes!
Years ago on the day of the concert and he wants us both to celebrate together.
Wow, I'm really surprised he was able to afford them...
There you have it.
I got in at 10 o'clock, but they were already sold out.
You see?
I told you, me.
I'm sorry, Sonoko.
Since it's the only concert they're doing in Japan,
it's very difficult to find tickets.
In such cases, it's better to queue up at the box office.
Taraaaam!
Sonoko, that's...?
Two tickets for the Black Roses concert in Tokyo.
-They're not here!
-It wasn't easy.
But I had them in there!
Who stole my tickets?!
You're wrong, these were bought by me!
Thief!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"A robbery at a coffee shop. Count on resale!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The stir of the vip tickets."
(Sonoko) I had to go to the police station to make a statement.
and they took 3 hours to let me go, 3 hours!
And the other girl?
She didn't remember the seat numbers of her tickets?
Her boyfriend had gotten them through a friend.
What a rage!
I didn't have the voucher.
When I think that I spent all Saturday night waiting in line...!
(Girl) What would you like to drink?
Yes, I'd like an XXL latte with ice,
vanilla ice cream and caramel syrup,
decorated with chocolate balls, not too much ice.
An XXL latte with vanilla ice cream,
caramel syrup and chocolate balls.
Without much ice.
Sonoko, girl, you didn't overdo it?
Don't worry.
It's on the house today, so order whatever you want.
(Kaori) Welcome!
Look, Conan, it's her.
The Haruka Kona, the one who accused us of stealing her tickets.
(Kaori) -Look...
-Miss, about yesterday... -Yesterday...
I wanted to show you this.
Last night, when you had already closed,
my two tickets suddenly appeared
on an online auction site.
What a shock!
50,000 yen?
That's 5 times their original price!
The problem is not the price, but the seller's alias.
"Coffee Rumba?
I don't know what you think,
but to me it's an alias of a coffee shop employee.
What does it mean?
Are you insinuating that the thief is one of us?
This is a very serious accusation!
I would like to talk to everyone who came to work last night.
Yesterday at the time of the robbery there was only me, Miss Kosuda,
who was handing out free pastries, and Masako Moka,
who was in charge of the cash register.
Tell her I want to talk to her.
It turns out that my colleague hasn't arrived yet.
Strange, she won't pick up the phone.
Come to think of it, she hasn't come to class either.
What happened to her?
Is the girl who didn't show up a friend of yours?
Yes, we go to college together.
In fact, today I was supposed to start work after my shift.
That's right, she should have been here long ago.
-Are you sure you're doing well?
-Jiro, do you want me to stop by her house?
-Wait a minute, I want to come too.
-Yes.
Well, we'll come with you too.
Won't we?
Masako!
Masako, what are you?
It's open.
Masako!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Conan!
Nothing to do.
She's already dead.
Ran, please, can you call the police?
Right away.
"But it's... the auction site! So, it was her."
(Kaoru) Jiro!
What happened here?

Excuse me, sir.
Who are you?
I'm the manager of the cafeteria where Miss Moka worked.
I understand.
My name is Jiro Kirima.
Perhaps you could tell me
what Miss Moka did last night.
Yes.
Yesterday she worked the night shift.
She worked with Miss Kosuda until 9 o'clock.
After closing, we cleaned the cafeteria,
changed and left for a room of 10 or so.
I estimate that from the cafeteria to here it's a half hour walk,
so I should be home by three quarters of 10.
After half an hour,
the tickets were posted on the internet.
Inspector, Mr. Uruma, the neighbor,
says that the victim was doing laundry
from 10:20 to 11:00.
How?
He always turned on the washing machine at the same time?
Yes.
In the evenings she used to do cleaning or meet her boyfriend.
She always paid my rent late, she was a girl who wasn't very punctual.
We understand.
40 minutes is enough to do the laundry, isn't it?
Can I take a look?
Hey, hey, hey!
No way, Conan.
You can't remove a girl's clothes.
Okay... (Sato) Inspector.
(Sato) Inspector.
The clothes are spun, but they're still inside the washing machine.
Also, the victim's bag is next to the body.
Looks like the girl was planning to go somewhere
while the washing machine was running.
That's when the burglar entered the house thinking she was gone and killed her.
thinking she wasn't there and killed her.
Huh?
Isn't this a little strange?
If the washing machine was on,
it would have made more sense to think Masako was home.
Well, yeah, kid.
I have to agree.
I'm guessing the victim left the washing machine running
and left for a moment to go shopping next door.
"But she must have missed something and returned home."
"Then the culprit was found."
What was to be neglected?
Maybe the paper to pay the gas bill
that's on the table.
Mmm... The payment deadline was yesterday.
Yes.
Conan is probably right.
After killing Miss Masako,
the killer stole her money and tickets and fled.
If he stole her tickets,
it's because he must have known they were VIP tickets.
This means that you are in danger too!
If I were a thief,
the first thing I would have done is to steal the laptop.
Besides, Mr. Mouri always says that professional thieves,
in order to be more efficient,
usually open the drawers starting from the bottom.
But these drawers are not opened in order.
We have to think about the possibility
that the killer just wanted to simulate a robbery.
Mm-hm.
We'll start by looking into the victim's circle of friends.
-Yeah. -Yeah.
-Hmm? -Miss Moka's boyfriend?
Miss Moka's boyfriend?
Can you tell us what kind of person he was?
Um... I didn't really get to know him.
Mr. Kirima, you'd better explain the truth to the police.
What... what do you want me to explain to them, kiddo?
That the boyfriend of the girl who was killed was you yourself.
Earlier I noticed that in the phone book of the cell phone.
"You don't have her registered with name and surname,
but with the abbreviation 'Masa-chan'."
Also, according to the shift schedule of the cafeteria,
they always take the same days off.
I have seen it before.
Is it true what you say?
It's true.
We've been dating for two months.
Did he give you a copy of the key?
Yes.
I can see that.
If he had a copy of the key,
he wouldn't have had any trouble getting into her house while she was away.
I... I don't...
For starters, could you tell us what you did last night?
Last night I locked up
and I was ordering office supplies
and other things for the business.
I left the premises around 10:00.
"If they were going out together,
they must have had disagreements that made them quarrel."
"In addition, Masako was trying to resell the ticket...
that she had stolen from a customer."
"Maybe her head didn't agree and they argued."
"But it seems to me that there is something wrong..."
Okay.
And between 10:20 and 11:00 p.m., where were you and what were you doing?
"Sure!"
Mm?
Excuse me, sir.
How is it that you remember until what time the washing machine was on?
Ah... because it was wobbling and making a lot of noise.
But after about 5 minutes it stopped.

I thought she heard the noise.
Yes.
You say it stopped?
But after a moment it started up again
and made a hell of a noise again.
"That's right. That's why it was making so much noise."
"Oops, how come there's only...?"
"Mmm? But there's...!"
"Sure! Mystery solved!"
"Sure! Mystery solved!"
Bandarra!
Can't let you out of my sight for a second!
Sonoko, it's just that...
You won't be able to do this until you have no hair in your beard!
I'll have to tell the Ran to keep a closer eye on him... Oh!
Ooooh... Aaaaah...
Sonoko!
Sonoko!
Let's get on with it.
Now that we've discovered the murderer, let's solve the case at once.
What?
What?
Last night,
the victim ran the washing machine
but didn't empty it when he was done.
From this we can deduce
(Sonoko voice) that the murder was committed between 10:20 and 11:00, while the washing machine was on.
between 10:20 and 11 o'clock, while the washing machine was on.
But if we take a good look at the washing machine,
we will find something strange.
A strange thing?
Inspector Sato, turn off the water tap.
-That's right.
-L'aixeta is closed.
The clothes are still inside the washing machine,
but the water tap is turned off.
This means that someone turned off the stopcock
and drained the washing machine to look for something in the clothes.
Something like what?
Tickets to the Black Roses concert, of course!
But how did they end up in the washing machine?
The murderer knew that the tickets were in the pocket of the apron
that Masako had taken from the cafeteria.
The person who had stolen the tickets from Miss Haruka yesterday
hid them in the pocket of her apron.
When the cafeteria closed,
Masako mistakenly took
the thief's apron instead of her.
That's why the culprit came to Masako's house,
to retrieve the ticket.
Wait a minute!
The way you say it, it sounds like you're accusing me!
And that wasn't you, Kaori Kosuda?
Yesterday I was waiting for you at the edge of here
"And you saw your companion put her apron in the washing machine
and started it up."
"While you were thinking what you could do,
Masako went out shopping and left the washing machine on."
"Then you took the opportunity to turn off the faucet
with the intention of retrieving your apron."
"But Masako came back early
because she had forgotten something at home."
Then, after killing her,
you're going to rummage the floor from top to bottom to simulate a burglary.
and you are going to program the washing machine for centrifuges
to try to hide the fact that you had stopped it in the middle of the cycle.
Enough!
Nobody will believe this nonsense!
The problem is that you forgot
to turn the water tap back on before you left.
This is all just your imagination.
You don't have any evidence to prove it.
I do have proof.
It's the apron you're wearing.
Of course you do!
The apron?
If Sonoko is right
and Masako mistook her apron for Kaori's apron,
the apron that Kaori is wearing now must not be hers,
but Masako's.
Of course.
You can tell them that this is my apron.
Go ahead.
Yes.
Do you recognize it?
That's right, this is Kaori's.
She's only been working at the cafeteria for a month,
so it's still new to her.
It's clear, isn't it?
I'm innocent.
Your deduction is not correct.
Mr. Uruma, you said earlier that yesterday the washing machine...
was making more noise than usual, right?
Yes.
It sounded as if something hard had been put inside.
Inspector Sato, could you take a look inside the drum?
Yeah, sure, sure.
This is the apron in question.
-Oh! -Oh!
- (thump)
What is it? What is it?
What is it?
A red marker.
That's right, a red marker.
They use it in the cafeteria
to take notes on special orders.
The towel and the shirt in the washing machine were white,
but the red marker has dyed them pink.
Incidentally, the dark stain on the trouser pocket...
tells us where the marker pen was
that ended up in the washing machine by mistake.
That's right.
Inspector Megure.
Would you please re-examine Kaori's apron?
Yes, of course.
If my deduction is correct,
the apron will also be dyed pink.
I'm sorry, but the aprons in the cafeteria are black.
Yes, they are!

They cannot be dyed pink.
The label with the washing instructions is pink.
Kaori, once the crime was committed, you opened the washing machine,
you took out the apron to remove evidence,
you're going to put in your partner's
and the tumbler centrifuge with the rest of the clothes that were there.
That is why the label of the apron that was in the washing machine has not been dyed.
and the label on your apron has turned pink.
My goodness...!
Kaori.
Tell me why!
(Sonoko voice) Because those tickets were bought by her.
(Sonoko's voice) Eh?
What are you talking about?
My boyfriend bought them!
Earlier I looked at the shift calendar
and I saw that last Sunday, while everyone else was working,
Kaori took the day off.
Kaori.
You had a party because you spent the night waiting in line, right?
Is this true?
I... I just wanted to make my boyfriend happy.
The concert... it was his birthday.
Your boyfriend, you say?
He can't be...
He's a guitarist without much success.
But he couldn't go to the concert because he was working,
so he gave the ticket to a colleague of his from the record company.
A colleague from the record company?
But that's me!
Yesterday I finally understood everything when you entered the cafeteria.
-Yes.
-Your starving guitarist?
Years ago on the day of the concert and he wants us both to celebrate together.
So he...
When I found out, I needed to do something.
"But it turned out that Masako had seen it all."
Yes.
It all happened just as you said.
I came to retrieve my apron
and waited for Masako to leave the house.
But... then she caught me.
I didn't expect that from you.
Stealing from a customer!
Open your eyes for once!
Don't you see that he uses you
to pay for all his whims?
You're wrong!
You are very stupid if you think that guy is in love with you!
Shut up!
He told me he loves me, and I believe it!
He loves me!
He's... Oh!
Ma... Masako!
When I saw what he had done, I got scared.
-You decided to fake a robbery, didn't you?
-That's why...
But when you tried to hide what you had done
and manipulate the crime scene,
you became a cowardly woman,
even more evil and a liar than the man who had deceived you.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Onaji koto de warai atta ello.
Futoshita Shunkan ni ironna kimi wo omoidasu.
"Boku ga genjitsuteki Sugita" tono ima ni Natte kuyanderu.
"Kimi to no yume no tame ni" motto Ikiru beki Datta.
Kimi no INAI akimatsuri
Ima no boku wa younger than yesterday.
Hanabira ga mau you ni kimi wa waratta su
Motto warawaseta katta.
Harete iru no ni tsumetai ame ga futte iru.
Kimi no egao ga nani yori mo suki Datta
Minna Hitori ya ikirenai.
Kimi no Kaeru basho de
Boku wa Zutter ario tsudzuketai.
The bad thing of all
is the guitarist who cheat on the two girls.
You can say.
(Think) "The truth is, I don't remember anything."
I would have really taught him a good lesson.
Wouldn't you?
(slap)
Men who cheat on women are pathetic!
"He-he-he-he. Anyway. He had it coming."
"The members of the Junior Detective League.
"We've traveled all the way to Kumamoto with Ran and Kogoro
for a sightseeing tour."
My name is Justin.
Justin Takamori.
Nice to meet you.
A man has left a Kumamon at the bank and took the bag with him.
When it's in a more secluded place, we'll arrest him right away.
Inspector, the thief has hijacked the nano.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Mysterious adventure in the land of fire and water (Aso episode)."

