I wish you a good year, dear viewers.
I know I've had you a bit worried all this time.
But this year I will regain the appearance of a 17-year-old teenager.
And I will solve cases as a high school detective, without intermediaries.
I will no longer have to speak through the mouths of.... Eh?
What are you doing?
Hehehehe!
Soc Shinichi Kudo, a 17-year-old teenage detective.
Together with my childhood friend...
(bone crunching)
Eh?
Excuse me, pretty boy.
(Crunching bones) Huh?
Hello.
(Thinking) "Gee, Ran realized...
it was the Kaito Kid disguised as Shinichi Kudo."
"Will I be able to escape now? It's not at all clear to me, really."
"Let's see if he'll nail me with one of his kicks,
this karate champion."
You can see it on the web.
We're back to square one.
(At the same time) We wish you a good year, dear viewers!
We thank you very much for your loyalty,
both in the series and in the movies.
We have not stopped, this year.
And towards the end of the year we have made the movie with Kaito Kid.
Yes sir, it has been a very, very good year.
And over the course of this coming year...
we will celebrate the 20th anniversary of "Detective Conan" series.
(Horn)
And precisely because of that...
We intend to work even harder, if possible..,
to make all of you, the fans of the series, happy.
(At the same time) We look forward to your support, dear viewers.
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"Kaito Kid is after the red diamond and we will catch him no matter what."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes.
"In Kaito Kid and the Blushing Mermaid (part one)."
"Financial advisor Jirokichi Suzuki organizes a special trip.
"With the Bell Tree Express
with the idea of realizing his dream of capturing the Kaito Kid."
"But the Men in Black, who want to eliminate Sherry,
alias Ai Haibara, attack the train."
"On Kaito Kid, who had infiltrated...
"To inspect the ground before the robbery,
also ends up affected by the incident."
(Male) Can you explain to me what this is all about, Superintendent Chaki?
After the explosion incident at the Bell Tree Express the other day,
hadn't we agreed that the exhibition of this precious stone
should be postponed until the case was resolved?
Yes, but Mr.
Suzuki has insisted that he wants to open it anyway.
As he has in his hands a very valuable diamond...
which he can use as a lure to trap the Kaito Kid..,
he doesn't want to miss the opportunity.
And we will also have the chance
to catch this white-collar thief who has us in his head.
But-but you must keep one thing in mind.
If they caused the explosion on the train so that the diamond would not be exposed,
now that they want to put it back on display,
don't you think they will repeat what they did then?
It is not clear to us what is going on with this case, we have not brought up the issue.
And, also, it is impossible that in Kaito Kid?
would want to get involved in a robbery that involves such a great danger.
You are wrong;
the Kaito Kid has already warned Mr. Suzuki...
that he will take the blushing Mermaid as soon as he can.
What?
He has declared that he will steal the diamond the first day it is exposed.
Eh?
And he's also left a message for us, for the police.
He says to look around every corner,
so they don't blow up the showroom.
Apart from all this, it seems that this very special diamond...
can only be exhibited for a very limited period of time.
A limited period of time?
But why?

Mr. Suzuki has not rented it, the Mermaid, it is his, he is the owner.
And by the way, we have never seen this diamond, have we?
It's still time for you to show it to us.
Yes;
it looks like he's going to exhibit it inside a big glass tank,
very reinforced and very protected.
According to Mr. Suzuki, the jewel will not have a fixed position.
It will move from place to place continuously.
It is seen that it will move in all directions
and in a completely autonomous way.
What?
That the dimanado will be moving?
But what does this mean?
Uh... (Sonoko) Attention, ladies and gentlemen.
(Sonoko) Attention, ladies and gentlemen.
In front of you is a can of cola that has already been opened.
Moreover, I have crushed it with my hand and, as you can see, it is empty,
it is empty, there is no liquid left.
And now, with the incredible power of my mind....
Aaaaaaaah!
I can't believe it!
And running my finger over it and with a little bit of magic....
I close it again and everything.
Eh?
How can it be?
And, believe it or not, it's full again.
You're so good!
That's strong, Sonoko!
What's the trick, huh?
I won't tell you.
Hey, how did you do it?
Tell me about it.
This afternoon he's scheduled to appear at Kaito Kid's
and I plan to confront him to impress him.
Eh ?!
I don't think you'll be very impressed.
Because look, the Sonoko has a black sticker stuck to the big toe.
Also, if you look closely,
you'll see that the can has two little holes in it.
Eh?
Oh!
That's right.
Yes, the thing has gone this way, listen.
The Sonoko has taken out some of the liquid inside the can
by making two small holes with a drill.
Then, she crushed the moon a little bit...
and covered the two holes with glue.
Then, to make it look as if the can had been opened,
he put an adhesive on the tab that we stretched to make a hole.
I get it.
And he shook the can hard to show that it was completely empty.
The dissolved carbon dioxide gas has been released,
and put pressure on the whole can and returned to its original state.
And with his finger he removed the black sticker
that made it look like it was open.
And so it made it look like it was as if it hadn't been started, right?
Yes, that's right.
It's a trick I saw the other day on TV.
Why do you always have to carry around this spoilsport kid?
What's that?
But it was your uncle Jirokichi, who invited him!
He said he wanted me to be in Conan to catch the Kaito Kid.
The one I'm really surprised he came is you, Masumi.
What?
I thought you weren't interested in anything, in Kaito Kid.
It's not a matter of interest.
Sherlock Holmes had Professor Moriarty.
In Kogoro Akechi, the twenty-faced demon.
The great detectives of history have had a special antagonist.
Also, I wanted to take this opportunity to ask you about this hat?
who attends the Bell Tree Express.
Eh?
Well, look, I found it in the carriage, lying on the floor.
So you didn't see it?
A man dressed all in black,
with a black hat and a very large burn on his right cheek.
Well, if it isn't Shiro's daughter!
I'm sorry about what happened on the Bell Tree Express.
(Chattering commotion)
Wow, did you see the crowd?
No wonder, she must appear in Kaito Kid.
What do you say we take a look at the different exhibition halls
before the opening?
Let's go.
Wow, it's impressive.
There's a lot of people in front of the supervitrine.
-An aquarium?
-But isn't this more like...?
"Oh, Mother, what is this?"
Well, you see.
The Kaito Kid wants to steal what's in here.
He wants the precious stone that this turtle has attached to its shell.
A diamond: the blushing Mermaid.
Eh?
Let's see, let's see.
It's true.
The diamond attached to a gold chain.
The turtle also has a pile of other jewels attached to its belly.
And does it represent that you wanted to display this 10-centimeter decorated turtle
in one of the first-class carriages of the Bell Tree Express?
Exactly.
The aquarium is made of reinforced glass.
And behind it is a two-meter-thick concrete wall.
The roof and the walls on the sides
have a metal mesh made of a special alloy.

Besides, I thought that if the diamond was continually moving through the water
on Kaito, no matter how much of a Silver Moon Mage he was, he couldn't steal it.
The whole thing is in extremely bad taste.
"I don't know how it will look, this,
to the animal welfare associations."
This turtle has a story, and it's a sad one, really.
Maybe you already know it.
I am referring to the great Italian actress
who died in a terrible maritime disaster about 6 months ago.
This turtle was her pet, she loved it very much,
and she named him Poseidon.
-She did.
-Poseidon?
And it turns out that this woman was the owner of the blushing Mermaid.
But why did she attach precious stones to it?
They say that just before the ship sank,
as she wanted to save her beloved turtle,
he hooked the gemstones into her shell
in the hope that someone would end up rescuing him.
To thank him for the rescue and to take care of the turtle.
A local fisherman found it floating in the sea, aquarium and all.
And I have to admit that I had the immense good fortune
that it ended up in my hands.
But didn't you have her appraised first, the Blushing Mermaid?
Yes.
But there was a problem that made it all go down the drain:
during the appraisal, the turtle bit the expert.
But since turtles seem to molt their shells during the months of May to November
during the months of May to November
I thought I would wait for it to come off naturally
to take the blushing Mermaid to be appraised.
"Bullshit!"
But in the end I had no wait.
"He just wants to take on the Kaito Kid
while the diamond is stuck to the turtle's shell."
(Megaphone: man) Attention.
The visit to the exhibition is over.
All non-authorized personnel must leave the hall.
Come on, hurry up!
Don't be a fool anymore!
Who is this hysterical man?
Inspector Nakamori of the Second Investigation Division.
Yes.
Second Division?
He mainly deals with cases involving the Kaito Kid.
That's right.
He always shows up when he knows he'll appear in Kaito.
Ah.
And in Kaito Kid he ends up making a fool of her because she can't catch him.
Hey, kid, didn't you hear me or what?
Anyone who is not authorized personnel must leave.
Wait a minute, Inspector Nakamori.
Miss Sera is coming to my school.
-And, besides, she's not a boy. -You're not a boy.
-Huh?
It's a justifiable mistake.
After all, it's the first time we've met, this inspector and I.
On the other hand, I'm sure he pinched my cheek...
just to confirm that it wasn't the Kaito Kid in disguise.
-Aaaah!
-Right?
"Phew, right to the crotch! How does he know 'jeet kune do'..."
Seeing the sweat dripping down your face,
I can confirm that you're not the Kaito Kid in disguise either.
(Kogoro) Hello, Ran!
Father!
I thought you weren't coming.
It's just that I changed my mind
when I saw that you were commenting on the news exposure.
And naturally, I was a little worried about you, too.
A little?
Well...
"All I needed was for this idiot to show up!"
"Now that I'd been able to throw people out..."
"Why do I have to let these amateur detectives stay?"
Hey, girls, stay at a safe distance, huh?
Yes.
I'll take a bathroom break.
There's still a good half hour before I show up at Kaito's.
Hey, the washroom here was too crowded, go upstairs.
Okay, I'll go upstairs.
Hey.
You say the toilet here was too crowded?
And when did you go there?
A while ago, when they were going around the different rooms.
Yes.
You went too, didn't you?
(Voices) Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Feel the cheering in Kaito Kid, all these people?
Mm-hm.
How many minutes till I show up at Kaito Kid?
I'll tell you now.
Eh?
Eh?
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
The security measures are impressive.
Yeah, they're perfect this time.
I have these 20 men totally surrounding the aquarium.
On the second floor balcony there are 100 riot police, with spotlights,

that do not lose sight of the tortoise for a moment.
And the lights are connected to batteries.
There is no fear of them going out.
Oh!
In other words,
Kaito won't be able to take advantage of the darkness to steal this famous diamond,
as he has done before.
Ha-ha-ha!
Eh?
Eh?
Aaaaah!
Eh?
What the...?
Aaaaah!
"He has covered the aquarium."
He's taking the aquarium with the carpet and everything?
(Kid) Three...
Oysters!
(Kid) Two... (Kid) One.
Aaaah!
Sonoko, Masumi, are you hurt?!
Where's the turtle?!
It can't be!
It's gone!
But there's a card, do you see it?
"The shy mermaid has vanished like foam
and now it's in my hands."
What?
How can it be?
Signed: "Kaito Kid".
"Impossible. How did he do it?"
"How could it have taken him, the turtle?"
Both the turtle and the diamond have disappeared?
B-but that's impossible!
Look for it!
It must be in some corner of this aquarium, I'm sure of it!
Behind the rocks or buried in the gravel!
-Grr!
-Yes, sir! -Yes, sir!
Eh?
This card... it's from the Kaito Kid, yes.
And say, what does it say?
What does it say?
"I've taken the turtle with the blushing Mermaid.
If you don't believe me,
you can go into the aquarium and see that I'm not fooling you."
What insolence!
Remove the wire mesh from the aquarium ceiling right now.
And prepare the ladder.
I'll see if the turtle is still there myself.
-Is there, the turtle, uncle?
-Huh?
Uncle!
Is it or isn't it, the turtle?
No, I don't see it anywhere.
It has disappeared from the aquarium.
But... it's impossible!
Oh, man!
Get back, get back!
You can't go in.
You can't go in.
Get back, get back!
(gasps)
Oooh!
Uoh!
Kai-to Kid!
Kai-to Kid!
Fucking hell!
How dare they cheer for a thief?
(Kogoro) I don't understand how he could do that.
This aquarium is made of the best reinforced glass.
In addition, both on the roof and on the sides...
they have installed a metal mesh of a special alloy.
But during the time that the carpet has blocked our vision,
the Kaito Kid took away the turtle
with the shell decorated with the blushing Mermaid.
Let's see, how is it that he knows in such detail...
all the characteristics of this aquarium?
It's very easy.
It was on the news.
-Huh?
-There are some obvious things.
For one thing,
there was a transparent fishing line stuck to the carpeting
and he lifted it with a winch attached to the chandelier on the ceiling.
-Yes, inspector.
-I'm not going to look at this?
But now it comes to my memory that the carpet and the chandelier in this room
were changed a few days before the aquarium was installed.
What?
A few days before, you say?
A visitor spilled a soft drink all over the carpeting
and I had it replaced.
But the interior designer who came to take a look at it asked me
if he didn't want to take the opportunity to change the lights as well,
because they would tie more with the carpet.
Since I had to move all the artwork to another room to make room for the aquarium.
to make room to exhibit the aquarium,
I thought that a little renovation of the decoration was not a bad idea.
And after thinking about it for a few days, I ended up accepting the proposal,
I ended up accepting the proposal.
But now that I think about it,
the two employees who came from the interior design company might have...
Do you still have doubts?
Of course they were the Kaito Kid and his usual accomplice!
They already knew that the diamond would be exhibited in this room.
Yes, of course, you are very clever.
Now it's very easy to say, when it's all over.
W-what do you say?!
I guess this time you've passed the hand over our face.
You may now withdraw all your men.
The Kaito Kid should be a long way from here by now.
Ouch!
Ouch!
Or maybe he wants to make it look like it and though it's in this showroom.
What do you say?
In Kaito Kid, when he has to do one of his robberies,
he always works under cover of darkness
or covered by a smokescreen, right?
But the light has been on all the time and he hasn't even let himself be seen.
If he's taken the diamond that was attached to the turtle,
I'd swear he's still here.
The anti-riot police guarding the accesses have not moved from their places
and, therefore, he has not been able to leave this room either.

I would like to pinch the faces of those who are here, as I have done with you,
to see if you are disguised as someone else, which you like very much,
and in this way be able to unmask.
What do you think if we divide into groups
and, in addition to pinching each other's faces, we do a little body search,
to be a little more sure of who we have in front of us?
"Body check"?
I'll bet you anything you want
that the Kaito Kid still has the turtle with the diamond stuck to the shell.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't you think so, Conan?
I guess I do.
Ah, girls,
is it all right if I join you for the body check?
Sure.
And I'm going to give you a head-to-toe checkup, Masumi.
And for whom shall we start, let's see?
We start in chronological order according to age.
Me first, come on.
In chronological order according to age?
What month were you born in?
And how do you know, the day we were born, if I may ask?
Keep in mind that he's a detective, Sonoko.
Eh?
Eh?
(thinks) "Gee, she's got a super-flat chest."
Ah!
Ouch...!
Ah, ha-ha!
I'm so ticklish.
Shut up and be quiet.
"I don't understand."
"The aquarium was made of reinforced glass."
"And, in addition, the sides and the roof were covered
with a metal mesh of a special alloy."
"How could the turtle have been carried away during the short period of time
that the aquarium was covered with the carpet?"
I frisked everything well.
The Kaito Kid's card was inside the aquarium.
We can't rule out that it is also hidden somewhere in this room.
"No. The trick of putting the card in the aquarium is easy."
"All you have to do is roll it up and tie it with a string
that will unravel on contact with the water."
"Then you pass a fishing line inside the card.
and on one head you tie a small pebble."
"Next, you attach the fishing line to the chandelier on the ceiling....
so that you can release it by remote control."
"The card will go through the wire mesh,
"The thread that keeps it wrapped around it will unravel in the water
and you will see the message that is written on it."
"On the other hand, those who have come closest to the aquarium...
"They are the ones who have been trapped inside the carpet.
"Until finally it has opened:
Masumi, Sonoko, Kogoro and Inspector Nakamori."
"And a few riot police who have also been taken prisoner."
"Now then, the one who made the most suspicious move was....
hm...
...Ran."
("Ima aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawamete.
Demo kikoetekuru Nowa kimi no koe jyanai.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni Iruña nani shiteruno.
Kami sama ni niega todokunara mueve ichido dake.
Ima aitakute kimi ni aitakute,
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimi iro ni somaru.
Dakishimetakute!
Setsunakute nido to aenainara.
Nunca chiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somete.
-Eh?
-Fue.
Take off your clothes.
-Here we are also finished.
-Hey, what about you three?
Sonoko?
(Sonoko voice) I'm fine, don't worry.
Are you all right, Sonoko?
I'm just a little surprised that everyone is so clueless.
Why hasn't anyone noticed one thing?
And you, Kaito Kid.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Kaito Kid and the Blushing Mermaid (part two)'."

