"The Rosy Mermaid,
"The famous red diamond he wants to steal from the Kaito Kid,
"It was supposed to be exhibited at the Bell Tree Express,
but it's ended up on display at the Suzuki Museum."
"With Sonoko, Ran and Masumi....
we went to the opening of the exhibition."
"As usual, in Jirokichi and Inspector Nakamori...
"They had prepared all kinds of foolproof security measures
to trap Kaito."
"But when the time came
"For the young white-collar thief to come forward,
"The carpet on the floor of the exhibition hall was lifted,
"The gigantic aquarium was covered up,
"And the turtle, which had the diamond attached to its shell,
has disappeared as if by magic."
"I don't understand."
"The aquarium was made of reinforced glass."
"And, in addition, the sides and the roof...
were covered with a metal mesh of a special alloy."
"How could the turtle have been carried off during the short period of time
that the aquarium was covered with the carpet?"
"No... The trick of putting the card in the aquarium is easy."
"All you have to do is roll it up tied with a string
that unravels in contact with the water."
"Then you pass a fishing line through the inside of the card
and on one head you tie a small pebble."
"Next, you attach the fishing line to the chandelier on the ceiling....
so that you can release it by remote control."
"The card will go through the wire mesh,
"The thread holding it in place will unravel in the water...
and you will see the message that is written on it."
"On the other hand, those who have come closest to the aquarium...
"They are the ones who have been trapped inside the carpet.
"Until finally it has opened:
Masumi, Sonoko, Kogoro and Inspector Nakamori."
"And a few riot police who have also been taken prisoner."
"Now then, the one who made the most suspicious move was .
...Ran."
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"How could the diamond have disappeared?"
"And who is it disguised as, the Kaito Kid?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"In Kaito Kid and the Blushing Mermaid (part two)"
(Male) Inspector Nakamori.
We've found some kind of winch on the chandelier on the ceiling.
And we also found pieces of chains
that were hidden in both the ceiling and the walls of this room.
I get the picture.
The burglar has brought down the fishing lines
that were connected to the winch for the chandelier column,
and then attached them to the ceiling and the walls.
Then he attached them to the ends of a piece of carpet that he had cut to stretch upwards.
to be able to stretch upwards.
And we also found this tape recorder, near the winch.
(Man) "Three..., two..., one."
It's the voice that was felt
just before the turtle disappeared with the jewel.
Yes.
It has made it come well because the thread was cut off
at the precise moment when the countdown was over.
Hats off to this guy.
Mm?
Caram, Kogoro.
He's throwing a lot of little flowers today, a la Kaito Kid, eh?
-Now, what's he saying!
-Couldn't it be that he was...?
I simply admired his way of doing things.
-Huh?
-It was.
Take off your clothes.
-Come on, man, don't get packed. -Come on, man, don't get packed.
-I'll scorcollate you from head to toe. -I'll scorcollate you from head to toe.
(Jirokichi) Inspector Nakamori,
isn't it better to let it go and let everyone go home?
We've emptied the aquarium and searched every nook and cranny...
and we haven't discovered anything at all anywhere.
In parallel, we have also searched everyone who was in the room....

and we have found neither the blushing Mermaid nor the turtle.
Wow!
Hey, you three, what?
We're done here too.
No turtle and no diamond anywhere.
What?
But listen, we still have to search the Ran, yet.
Don't worry.
You only have to look at it to see that it's the usual Ran.
Isn't it?
Ah... yes.
Well then, it's likely...
that the Kaito Kid has already escaped from the museum and is far away.
What a mysterious character, isn't he?
He has made the blushing Mermaid disappear as if by magic.
Speaking of magic, the other day on TV I saw a trick....
done by a well-known magician who looked a lot like this one.
He was on a midday show
and he also did that glue can trick I did before.
The magician put a coin
into the wall of a clear glass bottle
and the coin went through the glass and into it.
Perhaps this trick has some relation to the way
Kaito Kid has done his magic this time.
Yes.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Wouldn't we have to explain it to Inspector Nakamori, this trick?
-Huh? -I don't know if you're interested.
-I don't know if you're interested, this, to you. -I don't know if you are.
It's just that if I tell the inspector, you're already lost.
Eh?
Y-you're wrong.
I'm not...
Oi, Kaito Kid, my love?
Xxxt.
Don't worry, I won't tell anyone.
But I got you right away, handsome.
It was too much of a coincidence that at the precise moment...
you have very wisely turned away from the two of us.
Eh?
You did it because you knew perfectly well
that the carpet would end up stretched upwards after the countdown...
and you didn't want to get trapped, did you?
What are you talking about?
I turned away from you
because when you asked me what time it was I looked it up on my cell phone.
But, when I opened it, I saw that the screen had gone black.
What?
Really?
Ah... yes.
Is that how it happened to you, with your cell phone?
I thought there was little coverage
and I went to the window.
And just at that moment the carpet started to lift up.
And I remember that you followed me
and I had you behind me, right?
You looked very intrigued.
Conan?
"Could this be it?"
Eh?
Excuse me, Mr. Suzuki.
The clasp on the gold chain
that was attached to the blushing Mermaid, do you know if it was rusty?
Yes, I do.
Because it was made of iron.
I was thinking of exchanging it for a gold one later on,
when the turtle was molting its shell.
Then I would have been able to do it without any problem,
because the jewel would have been released.
"I've got it. I know what happened."
"The Kaito Kid didn't steal the diamond."
"He just made it disappear from sight."
"He manipulated people's perception."
"But he has cracked in one crucial respect."
"Because he has blundered
by continuing to disguise himself as this other person."
(Megaphone: female) "Museum visiting hours are over."
"Proceeding to the nearest exit
and leave the building, if you would be so kind."
-Did you hear that?
- "Thank you very much for your visit."
It was like a moaning coming from one of the closed toilets.
I don't know.
Maybe it's someone who has a hard time going belly to belly.
It sounds like the Kaito Kid's taken off.
-Yeah.
-We'd better get going too.
(Water: dripping)
(Jirokichi) Come on, it's about time we quit.
We've looked all over the aquarium and looked everywhere.
and we haven't found anything at all.
And we have searched all the people that were there
and no one had the turtle with the blushing Mermaid.
This means that the Kaito Kid has rifted us, I still don't know how,
and managed to take the turtle with the diamond in the shell.
There's no doubt in my mind now, Inspector Nakamori.
It doesn't make sense that we're all still here, with his men.
But we should at least find a clue
to find out how he managed to get the turtle with the diamond
into this well-guarded aquarium.
Let's go, let's go.
It's already 10 o'clock, Nakamori.
Don't you think it's about time to call it a day?
Good thinking.
It's so late, I'm starving.
"It's time to put Kogoro to sleep."
What, Conan?
Shall we go then?
Oh!
Aaaaah...
Ooooh...

Aaaaaaaaah... Ah.
"I guess the Sonoko will also do the deed."
-Eh?
-Eh?
Hey.
Are you okay, Sonoko?
Sonoko?
I'm fine, don't worry.
I'm just a little surprised that everyone is so clueless.
(Sonoko voice) So that no one has noticed one thing:
the turtle that the blushing Mermaid is carrying to the shell
has not been stolen by anyone, simply what has happened...
is that, with a maneuver of distraction and tricks,
they have made it disappear from sight, but it is still in the same place.
They made it disappear without stealing it?
Yes.
And if you want proof... Come on, kiddo, prove it to him.
(Conan's voice) Yes, all right.
Can I have your lighter for a moment, please, Kogoro?
(Conan voice) Eh?
Yes.
But it's one of those cheap ones, huh?
Can you go over to the aquarium to drop it sliding down
on the inside of the glass, please?
Eh?
What a thing!
What do you expect to get out of it, making me do this?
Huh?
What? What?
How come it doesn't fall?
-Huh?
-Huh?
But... but what happened?
Eh?
It's stuck.
But how?
-Huh? -With a magnet.
-With a magnet.
With a magnet.
With a magnet?
That's right.
I'll bet you anything you want
that the plate attached to the glass is a very strong magnet.
These cheap, non-refillable lighters
have the whole top part made of iron, don't they?
But even if this plate is a very strong magnet,
it doesn't solve the mystery of how the turtle disappeared, does it?
Exactly.
The turtle could not have been stuck
to the glass plate of the aquarium so that both the diamond mounting
and the chain to which it was attached were made of pure gold...
and, of course, magnets do not attract gold.
The only thing that would have been caught
would have been the iron clasp on the chain.
-But there were many other precious stones in the belly of the tortoise.
-That's true, there were several diamonds.
Well, if they were synthetic diamonds,
they would also have been stuck to the glass superimant.
It turns out that the iron makes solvent
in the process of manufacturing synthetic diamonds
and is also a catalyst for crystallization,
and can be left in a bit, as an inclusion.
Gee, Sonoko!
What?
An inclusion?
Even if the turtle had passed close to the magnet,
the magnetic force would not have been strong enough to trap it.
But there was another system to hold it back if it got close.
To hold it?
Yes, it was only necessary to get close enough.
Am I right, Kogoro?
Mm?
Tell us what happened to your lighter, please.
No... it's not just the magnet.
There's a very strong adhesive covering the surface of the plate.
-Yes.
-An adhesive?
If the turtle got caught, it got stuck for sure.
But how did you handle it, to make it touch the plate?
-With the food?
-With the food.
Yes.
Eh?
He mixed iron filings into the turtle's food,
and so the food has stuck to the magnetic plate.
Since turtles have a very keen sense of smell,
our turtle smelled the food
and swam towards the plate to eat it.
And in this way he fell into the trap that had stopped him in Kit.
Surely the spider was ready
to release the turtle food
and, when in Kaito has hidden the aquarium with the carpet,
it activated the food release mechanism.
"The body of the turtle makes about 10 centimeters."
"With a plate of this size, it is enough to hide the turtle
so that it can't be seen from the front of the aquarium."
So he was probably part of the staff that came to set up the aquarium.
who came to set up the aquarium
a few days before the opening of the exhibition.
You've got to hand it to him, the Silver Moon Wizard.
-Ha!
Now don't go praising him.
Eh?
-He's very good.
Listen to something.
If the turtle got caught in the magnet in the aquarium,
how come it's not there now?
We've taken out the water and looked everywhere.
-Is there someone who has ripped it off the plate
and has it hidden in his pocket right now.
This is impossible.
We have thoroughly searched everyone present.
Not everyone.
There is one person who has not been searched.
Eh?
Ah... You mean me?
Now that I look at it, it's true...

that you have bigger breasts than my daughter.
No, Ran's breasts are real.
There's nothing hidden in them.
Eh?
The person who is hiding something
is the one who, before the searches, had his cheek pinched...
so that it would be ruled out that he was the Kaito Kid.
Oi, Uncle Jirokichi?
"You have had the metal mesh removed
"Protecting the roof of the aquarium
"And you climbed up a ladder
"In order to check if the turtle with the diamond stuck to the shell
had really disappeared."
"You ripped off the turtle, which was stuck to the plate,
and hid it in the inside pocket of your jacket, didn't you?"
"You covered up the maneuver with your body
and the people behind you didn't see anything."
Well, now that's the search.
Ah!
Aaaah!
Ah!
Aaaaah!
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
Oh!
Ay!
The little turtle!
I'm so glad he's okay.
Eh?
So it's the Kaito Kid.
No, no, no!
I can explain.
Can you really?
And how do you explain it, something like that?
(Sonoko voice) The explanation can be found in the Kaito Kid card
that has ended up at my uncle's feet.
Eh?
I think the card must have said something like:
"I don't think that a turtle covered with synthetic diamonds
that sticks to a magnet
actually carries the genuine blushing Mermaid in its shell.
The turtle's name comes from the sea god of Greek mythology:
Poseidon.
But if the owner of the animal was an Italian actress,
isn't it more likely that she christened it
with the name of the sea god of Roman mythology: Neptune?"
If you don't want anyone to know that you bought
a tortoise with a fake diamond in its shell at an exorbitantly high price, it's better to make it secretly disappear,
it's better to make it secretly disappear with some trick, isn't it?
-Yes, yes.
-Is she right, the girl?
This is the card.
It says more or less what Sonoko said.
That's why she kept telling us to let it go and leave.
I felt bad for the turtle in my pocket.
-Who knows.
-Another thing.
Where is he in the Kaito Kid?
It was all set up so it could be done remotely with a remote control.
Surely he's blended in with the crowd
that gathered at the entrance to the showroom.
And he must have gone home
with an expression of "I've really messed you up" on his face.
You were fantastic, Sonoko.
It's been a long time since you've played the queen of deductions.
Ah... Yeah, it has been a while.
(Thinking) "I don't remember anything..."
"Could it be that if I overwork the right hemisphere,
the left hemisphere loses consciousness?"
Ah.
I'm going to the bathroom for a moment.
Wait, I'm coming too.
(Masumi)
(Masumi) Listen.
You mean your deductions didn't have a few loopholes?
Although it's true that you could hide the body of the turtle
behind the plate with the magnet,
the long gold chain that was attached to the diamond
had to hang downwards and a big piece of it had to come out
and a good piece of it had to come out from under the plate.
Surely the Kaito Kid himself also carried a very powerful magnet.
"And he must have used it to attract the brooch.
"And spin the whole chain,
which has been bent and well hidden behind the plate."
"The magnet, with the attraction it made on the brooch,
no longer allowed the chain to move."
When do you want it to be?
But when did all this happen?
During the time the aquarium was hidden with the carpet up.
Surely that's also when he took the opportunity
to throw his card at Mr. Suzuki's feet.
As the people who were trapped in the carpet must have been very nervous, in
must have been very nervous, the Kaito Kid, who was also there,
was able to do as he pleased without anyone noticing anything.
Oh, I get it.
The proof that Kaito Kid had a magnet is that,
when the Ran opened the cell phone, she saw that it had a black screen.
"Cell phones that fold in half, like that one,
"They detect whether they are open or closed, that is, turned on or off,
with a magnet, which activates or deactivates the liquid crystal display."
The magnet I had nearby interfered with Ran's cell phone and caused it to turn off.
and caused it to turn off,

because it mistakenly made him think that he was in the folding position.
At that time, the people who were near the Ran were....
Well, I, the Sonoko was also beside him....
(Shinichi voice) And you, Kaito Kid.
Wow.
What was it, such a loud noise?
It came from next to here, from the men's room.
What's that?
Something must have happened.
Wasn't it...?
Did you... did you see her?
(Kid voice) When you found out it was me?
When Ran opened her cell phone and it turned black.
I thought that what happened to her was because she had a strong magnet nearby.
And you were next to him.
At that moment you were holding the magnet in your left hand, weren't you?
And it also set off alarm bells
that I pinched Jirokichi's cheek at the beginning.
"That way he was saved from being searched thoroughly,
because thanks to you it was already ruled out that it was the Kaito Kid."
Putting all this together, I've put my head together....
and I've come to the conclusion that you are the Kaito Kid.
Eh?
But we have a very similar physique, it's not so easy to see.
You stood still when the Sonoko told you
that she'd thoroughly scorcollate you from head to toe.
You thought she was very shameless,
considering that she was a girl.
Because you thought you were disguised as another boy, right?
Masumi is dressed very masculine
and the truth is that she has very little chest, but appearances can be deceiving, man.
It can't be!
It's a girl, really?
I can't believe it.
Yes, it is.
I gotta hand it to you, you helped me in the Bell Tree Express incident,
and in the end you didn't steal anything, this time,
so I don't have anything on you, at least I don't.
Eh?
What do you mean?
(Slides)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
How could you use a stun gun?
"Come to think of it, I've already thought about it,
I was wearing very unmanly underpants."
You're wearing underwear.
Masumi, you're showing your panties.
(Explosion)
What a pig!
"Look, at least I got my hat back."
But listen, what were you doing, the men's room, when he caught you?
What?
Ah... well... it's just that...
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somte.
What?
You went into the men's restroom because the women's restroom was full?
Are you serious?
I wanted to make my way back right away.
And I must admit that I don't look very feminine either.
"I can't reproach the Kaito Kid for being wrong."
Now I remember that earlier you asked me about this hat
I found on the Bell Tree Express.
Yes, I wanted to ask you if you had seen a suspicious man dressed in black,
when you picked him up off the ground.
No, I didn't notice anyone.
Is that your favorite hat now?
Yes.
My older brother always wore a hat like that.
He imitated it a little bit.
But you know what?
This hat that you picked up on the train
looks pretty good that it's taken the shape
that he left the hats when he wore them for a long time.
But... I guess it's impossible.
Eh?
This is...
A posthumous message!
The murderer must be a person who has a name beginning with "na".
I beg you.
I wish I could help with the investigation.
What?!
What-that Nana has been murdered?!
It's all the same now.
Let it go.
We've already stopped the killer.
"Perfect. Now it really makes sense, everything."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Happy Courier Who Carries Misfortune."

