Father..., are you sure it's this road?
Yes.
Please don't tell me now that we're lost.
Shut up, will you?
Besides, these country roads are very dark.
Ah!
Watch out, Father!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he-he!"
- (wheels: squeak)
-Aaaai....!
What a mug!
May I know who has left this here?!
Father, you don't need to make a scene.
When it appears I'll feel it!
Hey, look there!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
She's dead.
There's nothing we can do.
Eh?
This is...
A posthumous message!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The unexpected reaction to a mail reveals the deceitfulness of the alibi."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The happy mail that carries misfortune."
The victim is Miss Nana Hirose, 27 years old.
She is an insurance broker and lives nearby.
She is seen to have left work and come towards this park,
and when she was here, someone attacked her.
She has been strangled and suffocated to death.
The killer has been strangling her for a long time,
to make sure she was dead.
If you look closely,
you'll see that she has a lot of strangulation marks.
And what is the estimated time of death?
Aaa... it was between 10 and 10.30 at night.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Very shortly before we arrived."
And are you sure you didn't see anything, you guys?
No, we're sorry.
If we had seen anything, we would have told you long ago.
Yes, yes, of course.
But we are lucky that the victim left a message before he died.
Have you noticed?
The killer must be a person with a name beginning with "na".
Oh, come to think of it, the victim's name is Nana.
Ah, I got it!
The murderer is her!
This is that she committed suicide.
She must have been a girl who had a split personality.
(Shinichi, think) "It's not really clear to me."
"Besides, that smell..."
Conan, don't get so close to the corpse!
It's just that the clothes she's wearing smell very strange.
What?
Can't you smell it?
-Smell of gunpowder.
-Yes, it's true. -Yes, it's true.
I could tell the coroner to examine him.
Sure, I was just about to.
Her hair's wet, too, and her makeup's come off a bit.
- (man) Nana!
-Yes, I noticed that too.
Nana!
Let me through!
Nana!
-I don't know.
-Who is this?
But he obviously knew the victim.
My name is Samon Osamu.
I'm a primary school teacher, I teach language classes.
What was your relationship with Miss Hirose?
We were... we were engaged.
-Ah, I see.
-We-we were getting married.
Y-you hadn't noticed any change lately with Miss Hirose?
As a matter of fact, I was supposed to meet Nana for dinner tonight.
But in the evening she sent me this mail.
Look.
"I'll be a little later.
I'm talking to Migita at the park.
Nana."
I see that the mail was sent at 9.45,
shortly before the estimated time of death.
Do you know who he is, this Migita?
Yes, he is the man who used to date Nana before she went out with me.
Migita wanted her back, he wouldn't leave her alone,
he always bothered her.
It's possible... it could have been him.
Of course it is!
I understand what happened!
"Migita" is composed of two kanji, the first one is "Migi", "right",
and the second is "ta", which means "field", right?
Y-yes, sure, that's right.
Therefore, the victim has not written "na" in katakana alphabet....,

but started to write the kanji "Migi" and died before he could finish.
and died before he could finish.
Now I understand where your fame comes from, Mr. Mouri.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Anyway, we should go to Migita's house.
Let me come with you, please.
-I beg you.
-Excuse me, but it's just that...
I'd like to help with the investigation.
I can't say no.
But I promise you'll collaborate with us at all times.
(Osamu) Of course.
(Osamu) Yes, look.
Who are these?
Your students?
Today they gave me a party to celebrate my marriage.
They sure did.
Well, they must love you very much.
The truth is that now I don't know
how to break the news to them.
Eh?
Aaa...
What?
Have you noticed?
Yes, my name is also written with kanji symbols.
And it could also be part of Nana's message.
Wha...?!
Ahem-ahem!
Sure, I-I had noticed that too.
So, you're also one of the suspects.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha-ha!"
Wha-ha-ha!
What-that they have murdered Nana?!
Is it true, this?!
Yes, and it was precisely the park where I was meeting you earlier.
But what are you talking about, eh?!
I had not met Nana today!
And what does this mail mean, then?
And what are you telling me?
He must have used to stay with some other man, but not with me!
This is not the only thing we have.
Before dying, the victim has left a written message,
a message that in a way incriminates you!
If you notice, he tried to write your name, Migita,
but he died before he could finish writing it.
Yes, but it could be many more things.
It is possible that he tried to write the symbol "Migi";
or the syllable of katakana, "na";
or the kanji "dai", or even the kanji "inu".
-Of course it is.
-You are absolutely right, yes.
And even, if I had tried to write his name, Samon,
I would have done the same thing.
That's true.
Besides, it's impossible for me to have committed this crime.
Now I will prove to you that I have the perfect alibi.
I've been working all afternoon and all night here.
And you can prove it by looking at the surveillance cameras.
It's all on tape.
Now I'm glad I installed them.
It's true, it comes out all the time to the recordings.
(Kogoro) Ep, now he's disappeared!
Yes, he has disappeared, but he came back right away.
Well, I have to go to the bathroom from time to time.
I still don't see it clearly.
Yes, I can see it.
The only times that Toshihiko-san doesn't appear in the recordings
are the times he disappears to go to the bathroom.
To get from here to the crime scene and back by car
it takes at least 20 minutes.
It is impossible, then, that it was you.
I've told you that before.
I have a perfect alibi, Detective Mouri.
Mm!
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's true, it sounds like a perfect alibi."
"But what really happened?"
Well, that means...
the murderer must be you, Mr. Samon Osamu!
How can you say that!
I had no reason to kill Nana!
For starters, I, today, haven't seen you all day, Nana.
-Well...
-And I suppose he must have an alibi.
And there's also the possibility that he wrote the email
so he could pin the crime on Mr. Toshihiko.
But-but what does it say?
(Shinichi, think) "The posthumous message clearly points to
Toshihiko Migita-san Toshihiko."
"Besides, that picture... But the only thing would not serve as proof."
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mm.... Mm?"
"This could be..."
Very well.
If you'd like to accompany us to the police station, we'll continue the interrogation.
But why?!
I-if I haven't done anything!
Yeah, sure, all the guilty ones say the same thing.
But-but listen, I didn't...
-Come on, come on, come on!
-No, no...
-Oh!
-No, please...
Ay..., ah..., aaah!
Don't tell me that... that now it's Sleeping Kogoro?!
Father, what are you doing?!
(Kogoro voice) The victim, with his message,
did not intend to write the word "Samon".
He was going to write the word "Migita".
Eh ?!
Of course!
As if you could know!

But... se-Mr. Mouri, with this alone it is impossible to know....
if the victim wanted to write "Migi" or "Sa", they start the same.
(Kogoro voice) What will clear it up for us is Mr. Osamu.
Yes!
Conan, please.
eh
Here, Mr. Osamu.
Aren't you a primary school language teacher?
Then write the kanji "Migi" because we all see it.
A-okay.
To write "Migi" you made the vertical line and then the horizontal line!
(Kogoro voice) Notice where the vertical and horizontal lines cross.
As you can see,
it is evident that the horizontal is made after the vertical.
Th-that's right!
He's-he's absolutely right!
It is neither the katakana syllable "na", nor the kanji "sano".
As it is written, it can only be the kanji "Migi".
Yes, but that alone cannot serve as proof.
Besides,
I've already proved to you before that I have a perfect alibi.
It's true, I was appearing all the time on the surveillance footage.
The time the cameras were running, of course.
Yes, we all have the misconception...
that the surveillance cameras are always recording,
that they never stop,
and that's what Toshihiko took advantage of in Migita.
"When she told us that she had gone to the bathroom....,
what he did was to stop the cameras."
"So, it's taken him 10 minutes...
"To arrive at the scene of the crime with his scooter...,
"He killed Nana...,
"He took another 10 minutes to return...,
"He started up the surveillance cameras again...
and reappeared on the recordings."
In this way, you were able to show that the image did not stop...
and that you were here the whole time,
and you didn't notice that you had been out for 20 minutes.
These surveillance cameras that you have in the bookstore
are the ones that don't have the time code on them,
and that has allowed you to do this trick.
So, in the end, it really was you!
How can you prove it?
Where is the evidence to prove that I have committed this crime!
Let's go by parts.
Come in.
He is a student who lives very close to here.
Could you explain everything you've seen, please?
Yes, of course.
That would be... ten and 11.
"I was going to watch a program that was about to start,
I wanted to turn on the TV and..."
- (crash)
- (wheels: squeaking)
(Wheels: squeak)
Very good.
It was indeed ten o'clock and eleven o'clock.
It must have been someone driving drunk.
I'm sure if we look for the car in the neighborhood, we'll find it right away.
It is a white car with a broken headlight.
When the car crashed,
the noise must also have been felt from the bookstore.
In contrast, in the images we have just seen,
he was not seen reacting or having any fright.
Why?
Because the scene of that time lapse is missing.
The crime was committed at 22:30.
Mr. Toshihiko, you were not in the bookstore, were you?
at the time the murder was committed?
No!
Why?!
I thought I had fooled everyone!
-The hair?
-The hair gave him away.
When he disappeared from the picture, his hair was curly,
as it normally is.
But when he came back,
I noticed that it was much straighter.
As if it had been a long time with a helmet on.
In fact, this is what gave me the clue....
to discover the manipulation of the images.
Nana has only herself to blame.
She kept sending me pictures like this to make me envious.
Shit!
And on top of that, she told me that it wasn't her who sent them to me!
She was laughing at me
and took me for an idiot!
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's what I thought."
(Mobile)
"This means... Eh?"
Hello?
What?
There are traces of gunpowder?
It's all the same now, let it go.
We've already stopped the killer.
It's appreciated, that's why.
What did they tell you, inspector?
That they found traces of gunpowder on the victim's clothes?
Yes!
But how did you know?
(Shinichi, pesna) "Perfect. Now it makes sense, all of it."
Gunpowder..., as if someone had fired a gun?
Yes, that's right.
Hey!
I didn't use any gun, eh.
Yes, we know that.

The cause of death was asphyxiation.
But how is it that they found traces of gunpowder?
Surely it must be a mistake.
I don't think it has anything to do with this case.
Mmm...
All right, then, Mr. Toshihiko, would you like to accompany me to the police station?
-Mm?
- (Kogoro voice) One moment, please.
-Can I know what you're coming out with now?
-The case is still unsolved.
If we have him here in front of us, the culprit.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, but he's only guilty...
of the attempted murder of Nana Hirose.
(Kogoro voice) What?
"Attempted murder"?
Like this...?
(Kogoro voice) Yes..., the murderer is someone else.
(All) Oh!?
(Kogoro voice) Actually, Nana's murderer is...
Mr. Samon Osamu.
(All) -Oh!
-Am I right or not?
Detective, it's not that I want to protect you, obviously, but...
I killed Nana with my own hands.
Yes, exactly, and the order of the lines of the posthumous message...
Mr. Toshihiko points out.
You said it yourself.
(Kogoro voice) The order of the strokes, the only one that indicates us...
is that the posthumous message was not written by Nana Hirose..,
but Mr. Osamu.
To begin with, it is almost unthinkable...
that the posthumous message was written by Ms. Hirose.
From what I have checked in her mails,
she always wrote "Migita" in katakana script.
Therefore, it is very unlikely that, if she was about to die, she decided at that time to write in katakana,
she decided at that time to write in kanji.
Yes, yes, you are right, it would not have any kind of logic.
But you can't prove that I wrote it either!
No, but the chances that you wrote it are very high.
Remember the order of the strokes
when Mr. Toshihiko wrote the kanji "Migi".
On the other hand, when Mr. Osamu wrote it...
we saw that he wrote it in the other order.
-But... I know what I did.
-It's true!
(Kogoro voice) Let me explain it chronologically.
Mr. Samon Osamu's plan was to send disturbing messages to Mr. Toshihiko from Mr. Toshihiko's
to Mr. Toshihiko from Nana's cell phone.
Mr. Osamu, who was aware of Mr. Toshihiko's character...
and of the love he still felt for Nana,
has finally succeeded
Mr. Toshihiko decided to try to kill Nana.
How disgusting!
How can he say something like that?
-Because of the way...?
-I can tell by the way of writing.
In all the mails that are written by Nana, if you notice,
there are never any punctuation marks,
and besides, her name, Nana, always appears at the end.
On the other hand, in the mails that were to make Mr. Toshihiko angry, there were punctuation marks, and at the end there is always her name, Nana,
there were punctuation marks, and at the end, it never said "Nana".
It is not as easy as it seems,
to change the way and the style we have to write.
Nor the order in which we have to make the strokes.
It is evident that the messages were written by someone else.
And it must be said that the plan worked.
"Just as he had calculated, Mr. Toshihiko,
"Blinded by the rage that you yourself had instilled in him,
went to kill Nana."
"You went to the park,
to check that everything was as you had planned."
"And when you saw Nana on the ground...,
you confirmed that your plan had worked."
But then, something happened that you didn't expect.
"When Mr. Toshihiko has left the scene of the crime," you said,
"She had, in fact, only lost consciousness...
and came to her senses."
"The girl, in order to wipe off the dirt on her face,
used the water from the fountain nearby."
"Her hair was wet and her makeup had come off a bit."
"Then, while she was at the fountain, you appeared...
and finished off the job."
"You then grabbed the victim's finger
to try to write 'Migita' on the floor."
"But he sensed a car approaching, which was us,
and he had to run away and leave it halfway."
This is what happened.
It is true that everything he has explained makes quite a bit of sense, but....
in fact, it's all circumstantial.
- (Kogoro voice) Yes, I have proof.
-You don't have any conclusive proof.
The traces of gunpowder you found on the victim's clothes.
The gunpowder residue?

(Kogoro voice) How do you explain that traces of gunpowder have been found?
if no one has used any weapon to kill her?
The answer is in a photo you have on your cell phone.
What do you mean by that?
I do not understand.
(Kogoro voice) In the photo it is very clear that they were congratulating him
and, to do so, they were using firecrackers.
Firecrackers, even if they are the small ones used at parties, explode just the same,
explode equally, and they also release powder remains.
The remains of gunpowder that have remained impregnated in his clothes?
"... are the same ones that have ended up on Nana's clothes."
I am convinced that, when they investigate...
you will see that the gunpowder residue on the victim's clothes...
match the traces on her clothes.
Can you explain to us how it is that the gunpowder residue on the victim's clothes
that they both have on their clothes match,
if you say you haven't seen her all day today?
How ironic, all of it.
To think that my students' celebration will finally serve as proof!
But... why did Nana kill him?
In the pictures I've seen so far it looked like they were very happy.
(Kogoro voice) Because Nana had broken off the engagement.
-For the ring.
Co-how do you know this?!
You wear the ring on the middle finger of the right hand.
Instead, Nana wore no ring.
That's why I discovered
that what you felt for her was no longer reciprocated.
I was unable to bear it.
I knew that as long as she was alive,
I would always feel unhappy and couldn't lift my head.
Just thinking about it... everything came to me.
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somete.
I guess this time it is to the right.
Yes, I think it is.
Well if your word is true, it must be to the left!
Listen to me!
It's to the right, go to the right!
No, it's to the left!
I'll go left!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's the same..."
It's to the right!
"I just want to get home."
Welcome to our great gastronomic set!
How about this?
As always, I have chosen the best fruits...
that have been sent to me from all over the country.
You can rest assured.
I want to check the lock.
You stay here.
Let us do it.
We'll take it from here.
The fruit of today's program is....
(Conan Voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
"A chest full of fruit (Part One)."

