The ice cream!
Yes!
This one will win!
The tropical strawberry ice cream!
And now!
I say today the fantastic strawberry muslin cake will win.
Well, the moment of truth has arrived.
Today's fruit was strawberries, and the winner is....
...what made the tropical strawberry ice cream,
master Shuhei Kurimura.
(applause)
Who defended the title of champion.
Wow!
I was convinced that today he would finally lose, the great champion.
But he is doing very well.
He defended the title 6 weeks in a row.
See you next week
on the next "Which desserts will win?" show.
Hm.
Hm?
You what, you don't have a job?
Don't you have to go home?
It will soon be 8 o'clock in the evening.
I wanted to finish watching the contest.
Because, I don't know if you remember, but next week,
your daughter and I are going to be in the audience.
Oh, by the way, if you'd like to come, I can use the father's contacts.
No, I'm not interested in this kind of sugary programs.
Well, that's a pity.
Because today a little birdie told me
that next week there will be Yoko Okino on the jury.
So it will be an honor to join you, Miss Sonoko.
"But how can you be so stupid?"
Perfect, then.
This means you'll accompany us with the car you'll rent, right?
-Mm-hm.
-Yes, you can count on it.
But, we're still one short.
The invitation they gave me was for 5 people.
Ah, well, today my mother told me she was working, that day.
Hm?
I know we can invite.
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"An impossible crime in a TV show."
"The mystery is hidden inside a fruit chest."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"A chest full of fruit (part one)."
What?
In Conan has insisted a lot.
So, can I come too?
From... Really, Conan?
Yes.
Well, if you ask me, I can't say no.
(thinks) "Actually, I also want to ask you for something else."
By the way, we'll have to do something to attract some attention,
if we want Mr. Takeki to notice us.
-You don't know who he is?
-Mr. Takeki?
He's the president of the Japan Confectioners Association.
And he's a legend in the world of pastry.
And why do you say that this man will notice us?
Because during the recording, while observing the people in the public
and, towards the middle of the program, he always chooses one person,
brings them out on stage and makes them taste a pie crust.
And if you guess the fruit they use,
at the end you get to eat the winning dessert.
Oh yes, if you get it wrong, you get kicked out of the show immediately.
He really is strict, isn't he, this Mr. Takeki?
And so much so.
There is one of the contestants who has won 6 programs in a row,
but even so, he always scores very low.
It's true, but it's worse with the others, even though he gives them more points.
By the way, I heard that Mr. Kurimura, the champ,
will soon open another branch of his bakeries.
Ah, I hope he opens it here, in Beika.
That would be nice.
Don't you find it a bit suspicious that he always wins?
Yesterday, for example,
he had some ingredients that went very well with strawberries,
and in the end it was the fruit of the show.
Hey.
What do you think?
What do you mean by that?
It's impossible, that he cheats.
That the champion cheats to win?
Even the staff doesn't know about the fruit until they've opened the chest.
You mean that antique iron chest.

that open at the beginning of the program, right?
Anybody who works over there
can open it and look at the fruit that's there.
No.
They already set it up so that no one can know.
Each week, a person they call the Grand Master chooses a fruit
and fills the chest with the amount needed to make the program.
When he has filled it with the fruit he has chosen,
He locks it with a padlock and sends it to the television studios.
There, the producer of the program places a second padlock....
and sends the chest back to the Grand Master.
Then, the Grandmaster removes his padlock from the chest...
and sends it back to the studios.
And then, at the beginning of the program,
the presenter opens the lock with the key given to him by the producer.
And that's when you know what the fruit of the show is.
Oh, I get it.
This is a very old technique.
What do you mean by that?
In the old days, there was no such efficient means of transportation as
and they used these techniques to send and receive secret messages.
Using this method
only the people who had the key could see the contents of the chest.
Oh, I get it;
so the people carrying it,
even if they want to know, they can't see what's inside the chest.
By the way, how do you plan to do it, to attract attention?
A-to the public almost all of us will be girls.
Ah.
We could wear very feminine clothes, then.
Wearing feminine clothes...?
"Anyway,
the one who will draw the most attention will be the old man with the mustache we all know."
(Man) Mr. Takeki,
if you were coming for the fruit that we'll use in tomorrow's program,
I already have it all inside the chest.
As always, I have chosen the best fruits...
that have been sent to me from all over the country;
you can rest assured.
That's perfect.
You don't mind if I go check it out, do you?
Ah, but you also don't have permission...
to check the contents of the chest either.
You made a personal commitment, like everyone else.
Don't worry about it.
I have no intention of checking the contents of the chest.
I want to check the lock.
Hmm...
Right.
I see it's securely locked.
Of course it is.
And I suppose, while I was putting the fruit in the chest, no one saw it.
No, of course not.
As usual, I have locked myself alone inside this warehouse...
to carry out the whole operation.
I mix and change the boxes of fruit that I bring to the markets
and that I make myself send so that no one can know the contents.
I assure you that not even the deliverymen can know anything.
If anyone from the outside ever found out about the fruit in the program ahead of time, it would be because you told them,
it would be because you told them.
Has the chest of forbidden fruit arrived yet?
Well, we can put our lock on it and send it out again.
Very well, all right.
You'll find the padlock in my desk drawer, as usual, you know.
And don't even think for a moment to look at what's inside, especially.
In Takeki I was quite overwhelmed during the recording of the last program.
But it's impossible!
The chest comes to us with another closed padlock.
Yes, of course, it's true.
But you still use this method?
I didn't understand why Takeki doesn't fill the chest and lock it himself.
He does it because he says he also wants to take the surprise live,
when we are recording the program.
The thing is that this man is getting a little old.
In fact, to tell you the truth, we already have a candidate to replace him.
-Hm?
-How do you like this?
I look more feminine than usual, don't I?
Ah, the truth is...
Which door garment is different?
Actually, I'm a little embarrassed to say it,
but today I'm wearing a pair of flowered panties.
Of course.
"And what's the use, if no one sees them?"
By the way, where is Yoko Okino?
Ah, I don't see her anywhere.
If she's judging, she'll be in another room.
First the contestants must make all the desserts.
Don't worry, don't suffer.
Soon they will show it on the screen.
But this is the same as watching it from home!
What's the difference?
Excuse me, excuse me.
Ah, sorry, excuse me, w-we'll try not to make such a fuss.
Aren't you Mr. Kogoro Mouri, that famous detective?
Ah, yes, I am.
Can I talk to you for a moment?
I'd like to talk to you about something.
Yes, of course.
Oooh!
Everybody get ready.
Let's get started!
We're in here for 5 seconds,

4..., 3...
Welcome to our great gastronomic set.
Tonight we have a sweeter evening than ever before.
Before we find out which fruit will be the fruit of the show,
I'd like to introduce
the two special guests we have on the jury tonight.
This will be the second time she's come to see us:
Miss Yoko Okino.
(Audience) Uooh!
And the second guest today is a detective
you all know very well, the great Kogoro Mouri.
(Audience) Uoooh!
Why this last minute change?
He's replacing Mr. Takeki and he doesn't look nervous at all.
I do not understand.
Don't worry, Father, you'll do great!
"Yes, but the chefs are the ones who have to do well here."
By the way, you, Mr. Mouri, do you like sweet things?
Yes.
I've always been very fond of cakes.
(He thinks) "Ha-ha. He doesn't believe it himself."
This means that your wife must make a lot of them, then.
My wife?
The truth is that there's no one who eats the ones she makes.
She was so eager to see the program, the mother.
Don't let her watch it.
Luckily, it's not live.
Is it true what they say that nobody knows where Mr. Takeki is?
Yes.
The production assistant told us that they haven't been able to locate her.
In fact, he told us that she hasn't even come to the studios.
See.
They're about to open the chest.
They are looking for her, though.
We received the challenger, the master pastry chef Goa Enokido,
and the champion, Master Shuhei Kurimura.
Now we will know the fruit that they should use in today's program.
We will use the key given to us right now by Mr. Taruoka,
producer of the program,
which he has been keeping in a safe in the bank of Tohti,
and we will open this chest where the forbidden fruit is.
Go ahead.
A lock like this could be opened by anyone
who has a bit of lock-picking skills.
Maybe so, but even though it looks like a simple padlock,
you can see it has an electronic chip installed in it.
They say that if you try to open it
or if you put something in the keyhole, an alarm sounds.
I've also heard that it's impossible to make copies of the key.
But I'm sure it would be a piece of cake for the Kaito Kid.
Eh?
Hm?
About it, listen, Masumi...
Later, I'd like to ask you something.
What is it?
What do you want to ask me?
You can ask me now.
I'll ask you now.
I'll ask you now.
Hm.
Well, the moment of truth has arrived.
The fruit of today's program is...
Masumi, maybe you are... just like me?
-Aah!
-Aah!
Eh!
"What?"
Oh!
Aaah!
But, a-this isn't Mr. Takeki, the one on the jury?
Yeah, that's right.
Conan!
Where are you going?
You stay here.
Let us do it.
We'll take it from here.
What... what do you mean, "we"?
Hey, what are you doing?
I thought so.
It's too late.
He's long dead.
This wound here must be what caused his death.
And from the rigor mortis,
I estimate it must be approximately 12 or 13 hours ago.
"On the edges of the chest there are traces of blood that they've tried to clean up."
"And also..."
Of this dried blood you can also see inside.
This means that they have given a blow him with the lid
when it was open to kill him,
and that, when he was already dead, they put him inside the chest with the apples.
H-is it true that he is dead, Mr. Takeki?
Yes, he is dead.
The best thing you can do right now is to send for the police.
And I also think that, in the meantime,
the best thing to do is to make the public wait in another room.
Maybe somebody saw something.
Well, maybe we should ask Detective Mouri to come over here.
He would also cooperate, wouldn't he, Conan?
But what do you know each other?
It's Mr. Kenzaki, who plays detective Samonji.
We've met again on another case.
Of course we did!
He's that detective who makes you laugh so much.
You find that he makes you laugh?
If I understood it correctly, inside the chest was the fruit
that the contestants of the program were supposed to use.
and, when they opened it, the corpse of Mr. Takeki, who was the main member of the jury, appeared,
who was the main member of the jury.
Yes, inspector.
Is that it?
We've been looking for him for a long time, Mr. Takeki.

But I would not have said that it would appear inside the chest.
So, although the main judge was missing,
they've started recording the program?
Yes, they were able to start the program because I was chosen...
to replace Mr. Takeki.
They had the good fortune that he had come as an audience.
What a coincidence.
And why did they choose you?
You're not a culinary expert, are you?
(Okino) I proposed it to the producer.
I saw that it was getting close to the time to start the program.
and I thought that Mr. Mouri would accept the offer.
He had written me a message saying that he would come as an audience.
And Mr. Kenzaki was fine with it, because he said he knew him too.
Mr. Taruoka, the producer, will confirm it.
Yes, I thought that with the famous detective Mouri,
it would even be another incentive for the program.
By the way, these rumors about the locks on the chest, are they true?
-Yes.
-Is it true that there are two locks?
First, Mr. Kasuga, who is our culinary expert,
chooses the fruit from the program, puts it inside the chest,
locks it with a padlock and sends it to us at the studios.
Then, when I receive the chest, I put another padlock on it and put it back in,
I put another lock on it and send it back to Mr. Kasuga's house.
Then, Mr. Kasuga removes the padlock.
Kasuga then removes the padlock he had put on the box...
and sends the box back to the TV studios.
Mr. Kenzaki, the presenter, uses the key that I give him at the beginning of the program to open the lock.
at the beginning of the program to open the lock.
That's when everyone, for the first time, finds out what the fruit of the program is,
finds out what the fruit of the program is.
This is the method Mr. Takeki-san came up with
to prevent anyone from finding out
the fruit that was inside the chest before the program started.
So this means
that the only ones who have been able to put the body inside the chest
was Mr. Kasuga, who was the first one to close it,
or yourself, who was the last one to have the key.
No way.
I give the key to the presenter, and I do it during the recording of the program,
but until then it's kept in a safe in Tohti's bank,
I don't have it.
Before I place it, the lock is in a drawer in my desk,
which my production assistant locks.
And who is this production assistant?
Mr. Furuya, you have him here.
He is in charge of closing the padlock on the drawer
and he's also the one who takes care of the chest.
He is also in charge of carrying it from one place to another?
I am in charge, but this does not mean that I watch over it 24 hours a day.
And the transfers, the younger production assistants are in charge,
I just accompany them.
But sometimes I also go into the warehouse where we store it myself,
to check that no one has tried to pick or open the lock.
Of course.
And if someone smells the chest, wouldn't they be able to tell what fruit is inside?
No, they couldn't.
On the lid of the chest there is a rubber like those of the refrigerators
so that the smells don't get out.
Mm... The only suspect we have left is Mr. Kasuga,
the first one to close the chest.
By the way, someone told me...
that yesterday Mr. Takeki asked for Mr. Kasuga's address.
Well, maybe yesterday he went to his house to see him.
That's right.
Last night M.
Takeki came to see me at home.
He came just when I had just put the fruit into the chest.
And shortly after that,
the production assistants came to pick him up to take him away.
What I don't understand is what you are doing here.
I came because Mr. Takeki asked me to.
Today I had the intention
to accuse the person who leaked the information about the contents of the chest.
He wanted me to go because he wanted to do it during the recording of the program.
Oh!
But why exactly did you come to the house, Mr. Takeki?
To check the lock that I had put on the chest...
and to make sure I followed all the steps and did the job right.
Well, I'm the only person who knows what's in the chest.
He, for starters,
suspected that the person who was leaking the information could be me.
Aaah.
What did Mr. Takeki do next?
He left after the production assistants arrived
to take the chest away.
-Yes.
-He will confirm it.

Yesterday there were three of us, and the three of us watched it go.
But this means
that at no time did anyone have time to put the corpse in the chest.
What throws me off perhaps the most is Mr. Takeki's behavior.
I don't understand why he was so interested in checking the condition of the chest.
Yes, everything leads me to believe that he already knew for sure...
that someone was leaking the fruit used in the program.
Maybe they were passing the information to Mr. Kurimura.
And that's why he was the champion.
He had won the contest for six weeks in a row.
Yes, think about it.
What's that?
He's always brought the ingredients
that tied most closely to the fruit of each program.
Maybe that's why I suspected he knew what was in the chest.
Is... is it true, what you say?
Yes.
Although Mr.
Takeki always said
that luck, in reality, is also a talent.
Another thing that's also strange to me
is that Mr. Takeki hasn't even entered the set.
In fact, he didn't even come to the recording studios.
What?
Are you sure?
Yesterday, after the planning meeting,
he left the TV studios.
Mm... It's getting harder and harder to tell
when they've placed the body inside the chest.
Hm.
Hm.
I-inspector Megure...
We've just learned that last night Mr. Takeki came here
and got mixed up among the extras of a samurai show.
Eh?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
The director of the series knew M.
Takeki
and he asked him to let him stay undercover.
He told him that he wanted to catch the culprit unawares.
Now I understand.
He wanted no one to know it was to the studios
because the culprit would be confident and act calmly to catch him.
Besides, Mr. Takeki always wore a kimono,
it shouldn't have been hard for him to go unnoticed among the extras.
Yes, but that doesn't tell us much.
It is likely that Mr. Takeki hid the chest in the warehouse where it was hidden
to set a trap for the culprit and catch him "in fraganti".
Oh!
Ah... Why do you say so?
Because, as we can see, there are traces of blood on the chest,
and someone has tried to clean it up.
And this suggests that the chest was at the scene of the crime.
Oh!
Yes, that's right.
I can see them.
Mr. Takeki was killed in the storage room where the chest was kept.
"And the person who went to spy on the contents...
...is the murderer."
("Ima aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawamete.
Demo kikoetekuru Nowa kimi no koe jyanai.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni Iruña nani shiteruno.
Kami sama ni niega todokunara mueve ichido dake.
Ima aitakute kimi ni aitakute,
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimi iro ni somaru.
Dakishimetakute!
Setsunakute nido to aenainara.
Never chiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro submits.
We have been able to reduce the number of suspects to three.
Now all we need to know is who the murderer is.
How they were able to pick the lock remains a mystery.
Oh!
"Now I understand everything."
Maybe I'm rushing to do the number.
What's that?
What little number?
Relax, I mean a... magic show.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A chest full of fruit (part two)'."

