"Sonoko invited Ran, Kogoro, Masumi and I....
to go and be the audience on a TV quiz show."
"But when the taping of the program began and they opened the chest
"Where was the fruit that would determine victory
"or the defeat of the participating pastry chefs,
"Inside was the corpse of Mr. Takeki..,
the senior member of the jury."
To me what throws me off perhaps the most is Mr. Takeki's behavior.
I don't quite understand why he was so interested
to check the condition of the chest.
Maybe they were passing the information to Mr. Kurimura.
And that's why he was the champion.
He had won the contest for 6 weeks in a row.
Yes, think about it.
What's that?
He's always been carrying
the ingredients that tied most closely to the fruit of each program.
Maybe that's why I suspected
that he knew what was inside the chest.
Inspector Megure!
We've just learned that last night Mr. Takeki came here
and got mixed up among the extras of a samurai series.
Now I understand.
He wanted no one to know it was to the studios
so that the culprit would be confident and act calmly
so that he could be caught.
It is probable that Mr. Takeki would have hidden
in the warehouse where they had the chest
to set a trap for the culprit and catch him "in fraganti".
Because, as we can see, there are traces of blood on the chest,
and someone has tried to clean them up.
And this suggests that the chest was at the scene of the crime.
Mr. Takeki was killed in the warehouse where the chest was kept.
"And the person who went to spy on the contents...
...is the murderer."
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"A chest with a hidden trick."
"What is the key piece of evidence that points to the culprit?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"A chest full of fruit (part two)"
(Takagi) Ah!
Now someone appears.
Look.
It's Mr. Takeki...
First make sure no one sees him and then he enters the storehouse.
The question is to see who enters after him.
I've told you before that I went in after him.
No, you didn't.
It's not you.
It's Mr. Taruoka, the producer.
So it happens to be you!
Man, I'm the producer of the program.
I went in to check if the chest was all right.
Mr. Takeki had warned me
that if information about the contents of the chest were to leak out,
I would be responsible.
He was there for quite a while.
He didn't come out until after 30 minutes.
I just couldn't remember exactly where the chest was and I had to look for it.
The warehouse is very big and there was a lot of stuff.
Eh?
The next one to go in is...
Mr. Furuya, the production assistant,
and he's accompanied by two more assistants.
I see you've been here for a while too.
Yes, it didn't take me long to check the chest,
but then I stayed for a smoke.
There's no smoking anywhere in the studios
and those of us in production are so busy that we don't have time to go out.
I smoked 3 cigarettes while looking at my cell phone.
This is because you can't smoke in the warehouse either.
Ah.
He'll be right out.
You also stayed a little more than 30 minutes.
If no one else entered the warehouse,
you two are the only suspects.
What?
Actually, I-I went into the warehouse, too.
-What?
-You went in too?
Yes, I was suffering from what Mr. Takeki had told me.
I didn't suffer anything because of the lock I had placed on the chest,

but the padlock that had been placed on the television studios
I didn't trust it.
Ah, that's right.
Now Mr. Kasuga is coming in.
I estimate that he would also be with me for about 30 minutes, approximately,
like the other two.
I checked the lock a few times,
and I also took a few pictures
so I could show Mr. Takeki.
And what did he conclude?
I was able to check that the padlock was securely closed
and I went home calmly.
Okay, so after Mr. Kasuga,
no one else has entered the warehouse until this morning,
when the production assistants went to look for the chest.
So, Mr. Taruoka, the producer, Mr. Furuya,
and Mr. Terafumi Kasuga, the program's culinary expert,
are the only 3 suspects in the murder of Mr. Takeki.
(Kogoro) Very good, we have been able to narrow down the number of suspects to 3.
Now we just need to find out who the murderer is.
For starters, it's still a mystery how the lock was opened.
"And it will be until we find out."
Mm?
I don't understand why they fill it up so much, the chest.
There are only two participants, the champion and the challenger.
What can they use?
10 apples each, tops?
-(Sonoko) Huh?
- (Sonoko) Don't you know something so basic?
The more fruit there is, the better the chest looks.
Besides, they always have a raffle at the end of the program,
and the leftover fruit is given away to the audience.
Aside from that, you can see that the bottom of the chest is raised a bit,
so it doesn't weigh so much.
It is usually full of fruit that is very difficult to find in the market,
not to say that it is impossible.
And of course, that's why every week so many people...
who ask to be able to come to the program as an audience.
-Oh, really?
-So what?
How's it going?
No, and now!
We don't know anything.
Do you know who the murderer is?
We still don't even know how they managed to open the chest.
No, of course not, but that's nothing compared to the other mystery.
What other mystery?
What other mystery?
-I don't believe it.
-We don't know what you mean.
You really don't know what I mean?
-Oh!
Ha-ha-ha!
But how can it be!?
-Mm-hm.
How come you haven't noticed something so important,
what Yoko Okino's... what Yoko Okino's hair looks like?
In last week's program she wore them short.
And today it was long.
There's no way it could have grown so fast.
It's because she must have worn extensions today.
Extensions?
Yes, don't you know what they are, hair extensions?
-A wig?
-A kind of wig.
Yes, the thing is that you couldn't see it at all,
because, to disguise it, she had to wear a hidden needle.
A hidden needle?
"Now I understand everything."
"This means that the killer can only be one person."
What?
What?
I'm sure you just thought the same thing I did, didn't you?
"When he smiles, you can see a fang."
Now, all that's left for us to do is prove it.
"I'm sure I've seen her somewhere else before."
Eh?
What's that?
What's gotten into you?
What's the matter with you?
Is there something on my face, or what?
Ah, no... It's nothing.
I've already taken all the photos.
Now we can take the chest for further analysis.
Come on, then.
Let's go, let's go.
Listen,
do you know if these apples are all the ones that were inside the chest?
Of course they are.
Could there be some that have fallen out of the chest
or even stuck to the lid?
We have found it that way.
Maybe some of them fell out when we removed the corpse.
Has it been said that the chest is full to the top?
that the chest was filled to the top with fruit at the beginning of the program?
Yes.
It's so full that when you open it, something always falls out.
In fact, Mr. Kenzaki, when he opens it, sometimes says:
"And now we'll discover this God's goodness of fruit spilling out of the chest."
or something like that.
"This means .
...we already have the proof."
-It's always the same, this one.
-Hey, where does he go?
Sometimes he behaves as if he's at Heiji Hattori.
To the sea.
Mm?
What's the matter?
What do you think?
Many times, when I see the running Masumi like this, on my back,
I get the feeling I hear the sound of the sea.
"Rumbling of the waves, as if a spell had been cast on me."
Eh?
(Sonoko) Ran.

Girl, what is this?
Now don't tell me you're falling in love.
No, I'm not.
What are you saying?
Ha!
I know what's wrong with you, that.
Because he's a bit of a strange big boy, isn't he?
Eh?
What do you mean?
I don't get it.
Yes, I mean he's a bit strange because he comes from abroad.
Strange, foreigner.
"Look how bad it gets to be, the joke."
(Masumi) Why don't they let us in?
(Masumi) -You can't go in.
-Come on, it'll only take a moment.
This is where they kept the chest,
but it's also the scene of the crime.
And you haven't found anything strange inside the warehouse?
No, so far we haven't found anything related to the murder.
You haven't found anything that caught your attention?
Are you sure?
Come to think of it,
when we went in to check the warehouse
they were heckling a production assistant
because they had to use a kitchen appliance for a show
and they had found it rough.
...kitchen?"
"An appliance...
But it didn't strike me as having anything to do with the case.
What?
Hey...
Aren't the 3 suspects still hanging around?
Yes, now we have them all 3 locked up in a room,
and all 3 have asked us that they want to leave as soon as they can.
I think Mr. Taruoka, the producer,
says he has to go and do a press conference on the case,
Mr. Furuya says he hasn't had anything to eat since this morning.
and has asked us to let him go out to get something to eat,
and Mr. Kasuga, the culinary expert,
says he wants us to let him loose in his house to feed the dog.
So maybe I'm rushing to do the little number.
What?
What little number?
Don't worry, I mean a... magic show.
What magic show?
A magic show?
You've come looking for us suspects already
to go see a magic show?
And on top of that, you say it's that big boy's doing?
Calm down, calm down.
I'm sure he'll get a good surprise when he sees it.
By the way, I don't see Conan anywhere.
Where could it be?
Calm down, surely it is with the Masumi.
(Takagi) It's here.
(Takagi) Oh!
Welcome to the Masumi's magic show.
What's this?
Don't tell me you're sitting on top of the chest
where they found the victim.
In a way, yes.
And I also have the padlock that was on the chest
and the key needed to open it.
How did you do that?
We asked the props people
to make us a chest exactly like the other one.
But the lock is the real one.
Is it?
And what do you plan to do now, this one?
First of all, I'll ask them to check...
that there is absolutely nothing inside this chest.
No.
That's right.
No.
There's nothing in here.
That's perfect.
And now...
I close the lid of the chest.
Next what I'm going to do
is put the padlock through these holes here,
and the chest will be locked.
See?
Now without the key to the padlock it's impossible to open it.
-Yes.
Right.
-Isn't it? -Yes, isn't it?
Well, now take the key and please leave the room.
-Mm-hm.
-What? -What?
Now we have to get out?
You can come back in
when Inspector Takagi has finished his explanation.
Hey, haven't you seen Conan?
Inspector Takagi?
Ah, yes, that's right.
Now I'll tell you what we're all doing here.
The key to this case
is precisely that chest that closes with that padlock.
Mr. Kasuga, the culinary expert,
filled the chest with the fruit from the program,
locked it with a padlock and sent it to the television studios.
There, Mr. Taruoka, the producer,
told Mr. Furuya, the production assistant,
to lock the box with another padlock
and to send it back to Mr. Kasuga.
Mr. Kasuga then removed the padlock he had put on the chest....
and sent the chest back to the television studios.
The chest has been kept inside the warehouse
until the program started,
but when they opened it, Mr. Takeki's corpse appeared.
And this is where the problem lies, obviously.
For starters, we know that Mr. Takeki was not inside the chest....
when Mr. Kasuga put the first padlock on his house
after putting the fruit in.

This was confirmed to us by Mr. Furuya,
because he saw it when he went to pick up the chest
to take it to the studios.
We must also bear in mind that this key is a special one
and there is no other copy,
and also that it is very difficult to pick the lock.
We have also confirmed that the chest does not have a double bottom, as we thought.
Therefore, how did the murderer do it, by...?
Will you please stop explaining and get to the point?!
Yes, tell us at once what happened.
M-maybe, rather than explaining, you'd better see for yourselves.
Okay, then.
Are you ready to know what happened?
Co... Conan, what... what are you doing here?
Where were you?
I was here, hiding behind the chest.
And the Masumi, where is it?
He-he-he-he-he!
Don't tell me it's...?
Where would you say it is?
Is it inside the chest?
It can't be.
It can't be, inside.
The chest is locked.
Oh...
Open it, then.
You don't have the key?
-Ooooh!
-Aaaaaaaaaaah!
How did you do that?
How did you...?
Using this piece.
What is it?
A little rubber tube?
Yes, but it's painted the same color as the padlock, a gold tone.
A while ago I asked the props people to make me one.
What do you mean, you asked them to make you one?
(Kogoro) To show how the killer did it to open the chest.
(Kogoro) Yes, you have.
May I have the padlock, please?
We pass the bar of the padlock through the holes,
we put the little tube on the end of the bar,
(Kogoro) I force a little bit the tube
so that I can put it into the padlock hole... and that's it.
This way it looks like the padlock and the chest are closed.
-Yes, you're right.
-Oh!
Yes, that's right.
All you have to do is to turn the base of the padlock a little bit
and it opens easily.
Apart from that, the little rubber tube, when the padlock is closed,
is not visible because it is touching the iron part of the chest.
As it is placed, it is very well concealed.
What I did a moment ago
is to make it look like I was closing the padlock with the key,
and then I opened it and hid inside the chest.
Then on Conan, who was hiding behind the chest,
took out the little rubber tube and closed the lock for real,
which is the same thing the assassin did.
So, actually, the trick of this trick is that....
you don't need to have the key to be able to open the padlock.
Mr. Kasuga, who is the one who put the fruit inside the chest,
we know that he didn't need to do this trick to be able to open it.
And Mr. Taruoka, who asked someone else...
to place the second lock,
didn't have the opportunity to prepare the trick.
And the only thing we have left
is the person who received the assignment from Mr. Taruoka
to place the second lock on the chest,
who is Mr. Wataru Furuya.
Yes, and you are the only one who was able to do it.
He did it so that he could tell the champion what the fruit of the program was
and be able to collect the reward.
I understand that's what he had been doing for the past few programs.
"But last night Mr. Takeki was waiting for you."
"He caught,
he started booing and they started fighting."
And she inadvertently killed him.
Afterwards, she decided to hide him inside the chest.
Isn't that right?
You have it.
Where is the proof of what you say?
The proof is inside your belly.
After putting Mr. Takeki inside the chest,
he drank the juice from a dozen apples
that he had to take out because he could fit the corpse.
He used a blender that was in the warehouse.
According to the recording of the surveillance camera,
when he left the warehouse he had nothing in it.
But even if that were true, that juice would have digested her by now.
But doesn't she know that?
In the seeds of apples there is a chemical substance
called amygdalin
which, in large quantities, can be harmful.
I'm sure that when you put the apples in the blender, you weren't supposed to take out the seeds, were you?
you weren't supposed to take out the seeds, were you?
Relax, you don't need to suffer.
Only with the seeds of 10 apples nothing serious can happen to you,
he won't get intoxicated.
But if he says he has not eaten anything since this morning,
today he will still not have gone to the womb,
so sooner or later he will have to expel the little pieces of seed.

that the blender didn't finish grinding.
(Masumi) And when I take them out, the case will be closed.
Now everything depends on his intestines.
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somite.
(Sonoko) It's true.
It is on the internet.
That's what Masumi said:
the seeds that Mr. Wataru threw out
matched those of the apples in the chest.
Oh, and besides, the champion, Mr. Kurimura!
also confessed that he always knew the fruit that would come out
before the start of the program.
But this time in Conan was also very good.
I had no idea,
that apple seeds could be poisonous.
Yes, in fact, Shinichi had explained it to me once.
Right, because you and Shinichi are close friends, right?
Ah... By the way, now that I think about it...
(Flow) Remember I told you that I wanted to ask you something?
Yes.
You told me the other day.
It's that I would like to know if, by any chance,
you had met me before somewhere else.
What?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
"I'm sorry, but I can't tell you."
"I can't tell you until the time is right."
The collection was made by my late husband.
(Kogoro) Very interesting.
But what are you doing, Father?
Ui.
(Kogoro) Wow.
Yes, yes, yes.
Be careful.
-What's wrong with you now? -What's wrong with you?
-Why did you get involved? -Why did you get involved?
I'd like to know why they cancelled my role.
-Mom!
-Madam's bedroom!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Diamonds, a portrait and a great actress'."

