Sorry for the delay.
Sorry for the delay.
Gee, you took a long time.
-Huh?
-Here, for you...
What's this?
Hey, what are you doing?
I ask you not to open it until I have them all 7.
But... can you tell me what it is?
When I have all 7, I'll call you, I promise, Yumi...
(Naeko, from afar) Yumi... Yumi!
Yumi!
Do me a favor, Yumi!
Geez, would you mind not falling asleep on duty?
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The secret of police officer Yumi Miyamoto ?!"
"A new character appears who makes ingenious deductions."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The neighbor at the scene of the event is an ex-boyfriend (part one)"
Hey, what happened last night, Yumi?
Sorry, I played late night mahjong
with the organized crime agents.
These games affect your skin and also your performance.
Yes, I know.
By the way, what did you mean by "having them all 7"?
Huh?
Did I say that?
No way!
In fact while you were sleeping you repeated, "When will you have them all 7?"
It's a phrase from my ex.
When I told him I wanted to break up with him because I wanted to be a cop.
he gave me a strange envelope
and he said: "Don't open it until I'm all 7".
Wow...
But he never called me again,
so I left him for good.
I told him that I didn't want to... wait for him anymore, nor see him,
or feel him anymore!
And how... how did you meet him, your ex?
On the train, when I was studying at the university.
He lived in a good neighborhood, I guess he had money.
What did he mean by the "set"?
Did you find out what it was?
No.
Stupid, I'm sure.
Was he by any chance a sailor?
The North Atlantic, the South Atlantic, the North Pacific, the South Pacific,
the Indian Ocean, the Arctic Ocean and the Antarctic.
Maybe she wanted to sail the 7 seas and have you wait for her on the way back!
But what do you say, Conan?
And now!
Hey, did he have brown skin?
He was very pale, looking like an introverted weirdo.
He seemed to go out a lot, but irregularly,
and he didn't look like he worked or had a job.
Maybe it's because he was going to pray to the 7 gods of fortune!
What do you mean?
What some people do, that on New Year's Eve they visit the 7 temples...
and gather the images of the 7 gods?
My mother does it every year!
But it's easy to get them, isn't it?
Another thing that comes to my mind are:
the 7 deadly sins.
Anger, envy, greed, sloth, gluttony, pride and finally lust.
(Shinichi voice) And what's the point, to get all 7 of them?
Well they could very well be the 7 gods of fortune.
When he said it was around Christmas.
Hey, but why am I telling you this now?
Wow...
And what did you do with that envelope?
Do you still have it?
I have no idea where I put it.
(Man) Watch where you're going, you nincompoop!
-You heard me, asshole. -You heard me.
-What did you just say to me? -What did you just say?
Back up a little bit.
Can you park over there, please?
Stop it!
What's gotten into you?
(Thinking) "That's so loud. Yumi had a boyfriend."
(Remember: Chiba) "It's like it's not the first time..."
...that we've met, you and me.
Is it possible that you are...?
Uh... Yes.
Are you the officer who gave me a parking ticket in Haido, a few months ago?
"Forgot anything about me. Chiba..."
You can't cross the street!
If you get used to skipping the rules now,

you will end up getting into the habit!
Bad habits are very hard to break.
He should know, sort of!
(Mobile)
It's Sakurako.
Hello.
Hey, I'm on duty now.
What's that?
A dead person?
Yes, I know.
But I'm a traffic cop.
Yes.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Do you know if he's near here?
Kids, wherever he goes?
Whatever you do, you don't have to touch anything.
I'll be right there.
What's wrong with them, those kids?
They ran away.
A friend called me and told me there's a dead person.
What?
And where is he?
Near here, in the Chateau Beika building.
A... the building... Chateau Beika?
"I thought it was the same one.
(Naeko) It's beautiful.
Have you ever been here before?
(Yumi) Not even once.
In a luxury building like this, where rich people live?
Ah, Miss Miyamoto, long time no see.
Hello.
(Yumi) -Shut up!
-So you had been.
-At the eighteenth.
-Which floor did you say this was?
"It can't be, it can't be."
"Wow, it's next door."
Hey!
The officers from the police car are already here.
But, Yumi, aren't you two from the traffic division?
I thought you didn't deal with these cases.
-This case isn't yours either!
-Let us handle it!
I just came all this way to pick you up and that's all.
-It's inside.
-Guys.
I don't see Conan anywhere.
She told us to wait for her out here.
What are you saying?
You've dared to come in?
(Man) What is this?
Nano, what are you doing here?
Sakurako, is this someone you know?
(Woman) Yes, if I remember correctly, his name is...
Conan Edogawa!
Some time ago we met at a crime scene,
right, Miss Sakurako Yonehara?
Yes, you're right.
To the poison case and the optical illusion.
Eh?
Hey, handsome.
Is it just me, or do you not talk like you used to?
In front of everyone you act like an ordinary kid,
but now you look like a professional detective.
Ah... No... It's just that...
I started working here last week,
and I don't know how I got involved in a person's death again.
-Naeko!
Sa... Sakurako.
I'm sorry, I panicked...
and the first thing that came to my mind was to call you.
It's all right, it's all right.
I've already contacted the inspectors.
But... anyway, this doesn't look like a murder case.
Excuse me, could you explain to me exactly what happened?
Look, about an hour ago I had an argument with my wife, Chiyoko.
Then I decided to go out with Sakurako,
basically to give my wife some time to calm down.
-Yes.
-It went like this, didn't it?
I was short of ingredients for dinner
and I went to buy them with Mr. Itami
to a supermarket.
He had hurt his wrist and couldn't do housework, so I had to hire a maid.
so I had to hire a maid.
I didn't want her to get even more nervous and aggravate her injury.
and aggravate her injury.
Besides, I had gotten a black eye....
What happened to your eye, Mr. Itami?
When my wife gets angry, she often throws things.
That's why I asked for the day off today.
But... once you got home, did you see that your wife had committed suicide?
No.
I did all the shopping in about 30 minutes...
and came home with Mr. Itami.
When I opened the door to the apartment,
I felt her bedroom door slam shut.
So she would still be alive then.
When I knocked on the door, she didn't answer.
But I didn't worry at all because I thought she was still angry.
Then I asked Sakurako to make me a cup of coffee.
and we talked for half an hour about trivial things in the kitchen.
When I called back
and went inside, I found him like this.
I had no idea that my wife
had taken the fight so badly.
Well, okay, then.
Y...
this paper at your wife's feet?
This note she wrote herself.
She says she's worried about the injury she's given me,
for our son's examination
and also for our niece's Shichogosan celebration.
She apologizes for leaving early and leaving us behind.
It is clear to me that this is suicide.
No.

It could be a homicide.
The note was written in this notebook
on the table,
ripped it up and left it there, right?
But if you look closely,
you can see that there's only a small piece of paper
a small piece of paper with only two holes in it...
On the other hand, there are 3 torn holes in the note.
Eh?
Let's see?
Don't you find it a bit strange?
Yes, I do.
Besides, the handwriting on the note is very deformed, see?
It seems that his wife often left notes in the notebook,
but, if you look closely, she always signed them with her name only.
Why did he sign the note with his first and last name now?
I don't know, but I find it rather strange.
I agree with you.
The door to the apartment was locked?
What?
Yes.
I opened the door myself and it was locked.
Does anyone else have the key to the apartment?
Only my wife, Sakurako, my son Yasuie and me have the key...
-It's probably at the driving school.
-Where is he now, your son?
He said he had his driving test soon.
Ah.
I think he left one behind.
They also left a spare key in the mailbox at the gatehouse.
This mailbox must be securely locked, I suppose.
Yes.
It opens with a password.
It's not likely to be opened by an outsider.
7 on the left, 2 on the right and 3 on the left.
Aaaah!
There's another person who knows the combination to the mailbox!
What?
Yesterday, when I went to take the letters out of the mailbox,
I saw that I had left the note where I wrote down the combination,
and suddenly a man told it to me by heart!
Co... how come he knows the combination?
Look, the other day when you were trying to open the mailbox, didn't you drop a note with the numbers on it?
didn't you drop a note with the numbers of the combination?
I picked it up and gave it to you.
Don't you remember?
Yes, it was you.
But how did you do it?
You didn't have time to look at the paper for a second.
I've got plenty of time, me.
I'm very good at remembering this kind of thing.
The best of Japan.
No, the best of the whole world.
-Hmm?
Mm-hm.
From next door.
-This man is a neighbor in the building?
He has a messy look and he never shaves.
I think his name is...
-But... -Where are you going? Where are you going?
-You'd better go and see!
- (doorbell: door)
-Hey, wait!
Yes?
What's the matter?
Mm? (doorbell rings)
(doorbell rings) Oh!
Yumi, sweetie!
Yu... Yumi, sweetie...?
-Yes..., yes.
-Do you even know him?
-What?
-He's actually my ex.
Let me see if I've got this straight, all this.
To leave his wife alone for a while to calm down,
after the argument they'd had,
he went to a supermarket nearby...
with his maid for half an hour.
When they came back, they heard the bedroom door close....
and called out to her, but when she didn't answer, they decided to wait half an hour longer,
they decided to wait another half hour.
And she spent the time with the girl in the kitchen, chatting and drinking coffee.
Then she knocked on the door again
and this time he came in.
It was then that he saw
that his wife had hung herself with an electric cable.
Yes.
By the way, what were you arguing about?
Stock... stocks?
Stocks.
My wife had taken to buying and selling stocks.
I told her she could lose everything and she got angry.
Understood.
Besides, my son,
who is in college and will soon finish his degree,
still hasn't found a job.
It seems to me that this situation also stresses him a lot.
-Yes.
-So you have a son studying?
But since he started living on his own
in an apartment near the university he doesn't come here much anymore.
But I remember he called the other day.
He wanted his father to buy him a car when he passed his license,
and he said he'd bring car catalogs one day.
Caram.
Catalogs, huh?
But Mrs. Itami told him
that he didn't have a job yet and didn't need a car.
He booed and hung up on her.
Wasn't it... at the crime scene in the optical illusion case?
Yes, and now it's happened to me again because I work here, you know?
Please do me a favor...
not to become someone who attracts death, like Mr. Mouri.
Ahem...
Gee, inspector...

And how is it that this incident has been reported to
Miss Miike from the traffic division?
This is because...
When Sakurako saw the hanging body, she got very scared and decided to call Miss Miike, who is a friend of hers.
and decided to call Miss Miike, who is a friend of hers.
And I came here because it was there when she was called and I also felt it.
Wow, it's in Conan...
"Now I understand why all the children were at the entrance of the house."
Hey, Conan, how did you get into the building?
Simple, we came in behind a lady with a child,
and the doorman must have thought we were friends of hers.
Oh, my God...
But... what you've done is not right.
Naeko, were you and Sakurako classmates?
No.
We've been friends since we were little, she lived near my house.
Actually, I'm a year older than Sakurako.
Let me get this straight...
Does this mean that the only people here
were you, your wife and the maid?
That's right.
It must be more than a year since I've seen my son.
So who is this young man on your ass, Yumi?
Who, him?
Well, he's...
I'll introduce myself, I'm the next-door neighbor and my love...
I mean, Miss Yumi and I went out together a while ago.
My name is Shukichi Haneda!
What?
In fact, I'm his ex!
He and I cut up!
But can you tell me what's your boyfriend doing here?
Now I really don't understand anything!
He said he remembered perfectly the combination of the mailbox
where he had kept the spare key,
so I made him come all the way here!
By the way, where did I see her?
Her face rings a bell.
Now that you mention it, I've heard this name somewhere.
What's that?
Don't tell me you've seen it on some list of fugitives!
Nonsense.
All right, then.
So, at the victim's feet was a note.
It can be considered a suicide.
But in Conan it says that maybe it's not a suicide.
Oh, does it?
This is what you said before, right?
Yes, I can see that... That's right.
This paper and the notebook from which it was torn do not match.
What is written on it is: "I'm sorry I hurt you.
I pray you get well soon.
Yasuie, good luck on your exam, I am sure you will pass it.
When you celebrate the Ichiko's Shichigosan,
please let her wear my moulting kimono.
Forgive me for leaving earlier and leaving you behind.
Chiyoko Itami ".
Do you find anything suspicious, in the content?
No.
None.
As you can see, I still have a black eye from the ashtray...
my wife threw at me last night while she and I were arguing.
My son Yasuie told us
that they will be taking their driver's license test in a few days.
And finally, one of my little sister's daughters...
7 years ago.
Why did she throw an ashtray at him?
So they celebrate Shichigosan.
My wife throws things when she gets angry.
I've seen her do it too.
When I saw the cell phone on the floor in front of the room,
I thought that the lady must have thrown it.
So you found the cell phone on the floor?
Eh?
Yes.
When I came back from the supermarket
and knocked on her door, then I saw it.
I have it in my pocket.
And where is it now, this mobile?
He wanted to come back to it when he was in a better mood.
Mmm... He hasn't made or received any calls today.
If this was a homicide case,
I'm sure they would have used it for something.
Yeah, it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the case.
Well, it seems to me that Mrs. Itami didn't commit suicide.
Do you get the impression?
It's just that Mrs. Itami often said that God loved her
and that's why she considered herself a very lucky person!
What do you mean by that?
A very lucky person?
I think she was referring to a few years ago,
when the plane she was traveling in almost crashed,
but miraculously the pilot righted it again.
Well...
-No, I wasn't.
-You were on that plane?
He was supposed to catch it with her,
but I broke my leg skiing just before I made the trip.
That's why I find it hard to believe
that Mrs. Itami killed herself over a simple fight.
Yes, my wife used to say things like this.
There's something wrong with the note.

What doesn't fit?
Mrs. Itami got sick when she was 7 years old,
and was unable to celebrate Shichigosan.
She explained to me that it wasn't until she became of age
she didn't have a chance to wear a kimono.
Mm... Now I get it.
A prepared move.
That's exactly what it is.
But what are you saying, Sutzekichi?
The woman couldn't put on the kimono and quite a lot!
You know very well that I call myself Shukichi.
Shukichi!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Sutzekichi suits you much better!
You're so dirty and sloppy!
"A move prepared."
"Gee... You might mean...?"
"Ah! Right!"
"That would explain the strange details in the suicide note."
"Though I'm still not clear on all the details."
"If I analyze it in play-by-play order..."
"¿A...,
Mr. Shukichi Haneda?"
Hmm.
This suicide note is quite suspicious.
Yes.
I think we should have the handwriting analyzed.
You are right.
Also, I find it very strange that a person who has a bad wrist...
would decide to commit suicide by hanging himself,
since it's an action that's very difficult to perform with one hand.
- (Chiba) Inspector Megure!
-It's true.
There is a witness who has seen a suspicious person!
(Chiba) What?
The janitor says that a person wearing a cap,
mask and glasses, as if he wanted to hide his face,
has entered and left the building!
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somete.
-Goodness!
-Oh!
It's in Chiba!
I won't let go!
What are you saying, now?
I'm not suspected of anything!
Criminals always return to the scene of the crime.
Sakurako, before finding Mrs. Itami's phone on the floor, said she felt the bedroom door slam shut,
said she felt the bedroom door slam shut, right?
-I can't tell you that.
-Yes...
Is it a woman?
I'm sure you've met her somewhere!
"Don't miss the next episode:
The neighbor at the scene of the event is an ex-boyfriend (part two)"

