(Shinichi voice) "Coming back from school we found the two traffic officers,
Yumi Miyamoto and Naeko Miike, who are on patrol."
"Then, Naeko receives a call reporting the death of a person."
"We rush to the scene and find the body of a dead woman hanging from a ceiling lamp.
hanging from a ceiling lamp."
"At the foot we find what looks like a suicide note, but..."
Mm?
Now I get it...
A set-up play.
This is exactly what it is.
(Shinichi, thinks) " 'A prepared move', oysters..."
"You might mean...?"
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite.
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The murderer is the ex-boyfriend to Yumi Miyamoto?"
"A clever deduction clears up a crime."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The neighbor at the scene of the event is an ex-boyfriend (Part Two)."
- (door, open)
- (Chiba) Inspector Megure!
There is a witness who has seen a suspicious person!
What?!
The janitor says that a person wearing a cap,
mask and glasses, as if he wanted to hide his face,
entered and left the building!
And when was this?
It's in Chiba!
Just after Mr. Itami and his maid left.
How come the janitor didn't stop the suspect?
He says he thought it was a neighbor in the building
because he used a key to get in.
He also says that Mr. Itami's son came in.
-Yes.
-He came to his son?
He says he came before Mr. Itami and the maid came back,
but he's not sure if it was before or after the suspicious man came.
the suspicious man came.
Oh, gee!
You're not by any chance...?
Sakurako, one grade below me!
Wow, you're in Chiba!
It's been a long time, hasn't it?
Of course you are!
So you're the house maid.
(Thinking) "Why doesn't she remember me, in Chiba? Oh...!"
Come to think of it, maybe you don't remember,
but that little girl who always went with you...
Come on, Chiba, go see who it is.
(Door: doorbell)
I-understood!
(Man) Hey, what's wrong with this nano?
Let go of me!
I won't let go!
What are you doing?
What do you want us to do?
I've caught this suspect for you!
But what are you saying, now?
I'm not a suspect of anything!
Yes, man, and what else!
I was looking through the peephole of the door!
I was making a fool of myself.
I thought that if someone looked in there would be a surprise...
In the end, even if you look from the outside, you can't see anything at all.
How come he has such strange hair?
Well, it's because...
I wanted to dye my hair and I got them like this.
Yes, whatever you say,
but I'm sure you came back because you were worried.
Criminals always return to the scene of the crime.
Me a criminal?
You're wrong!
Will you let me go at once?
Is it true that you were looking through the peephole?
Yes, I saw you peeping while I was ringing the doorbell.
-Oh!
Hello, father!
-This voice... Is it you, Yasuie?
(Shinichi, thinks) "This means... it's your son!"
What are you doing here?
Why didn't you go to driving school?
I've made a bell.
I wanted to show you some car catalogs.
But what do you think?
We said no car until you find a job!
What's the matter with you?
You thought it was okay for me to get my driver's license, didn't you?
You'll never pass it, with these hairs that look like a dirty scouring pad!
But, father, why are you so upset?
And why... have the police come?

It turns out that...
What?!
The mother has committed suicide?!
She can't have!
But why?
We don't rule out the possibility that she was murdered.
What... murdered?
By the way, we were told...
that you had already come to her parents' house, a while ago.
That's right.
To show them the catalogs.
But since I called and no one opened the door, I thought...
they must have gone out for a while.
So I went for a walk around the neighborhood and came back a moment ago.
One question.
Is there anyone who can corroborate?
-Don't tell me you suspect me, now!
-But Inspector, what are you insinuating?
There seems to be a cell phone ringing.
(Mobile)
- (mobile)
-Eh?
Ah, do not worry, because it was my mobile!
Wow...
You three have the same model of cell phone, right?
Yes, my boy.
It's a model that has become very popular.
The cases are different colors, so we don't confuse them.
Mm-hm.
Now that we're talking about cell phones.
Sakurako, before finding Mrs. Itami's phone on the floor,
you said you felt the bedroom door slam shut, right?
Yes...
How do you know that the noise was from the bedroom door?
You can't see it from the entrance.
The other doors were slightly open.
Although when I went out it seemed to me that they were closed.
And wasn't the bedroom window a little open?
Wasn't it?
How do you know that?
Tell me, was it all the time with her while you were shopping?
No.
I was in the smoking area until she finished shopping.
I guess that means you don't have an alibi either.
-No, I went out for a while.
-And you, have you been home all day?
I had just arrived when the agent knocked on the door.
-Well, I...
-Could you tell me where you were and what you did?
Come on, answer at once!
-What?!
-I can't tell you that.
What do you mean by that?
You're a suspect in a murder, did you know that?
Come on, answer me!
Or it will still turn out that you're the murderer.
(Think) "Don't be afraid, Yumi, sweetheart."
"This case will also end in checkmate soon."
Listen, guys!
It must be somewhere in this neighborhood.
If you find it, show the nearest person...
the picture I sent you a while ago.
(All) YES!
I'm counting on you, eh?
Inspector Megure, I have the result of the handwriting analysis.
Ah, very good.
Although the stroke is quite irregular,
this note was undoubtedly written
Mrs. Chiyoko Itami.
Is she sure?
And couldn't it be that the murderer forced her to write it?
No, with such uneven handwriting,
surely the murderer would have made her rewrite it.
Oh, and by the way, the maid comes out a lot of times?
to the supermarket security cameras,
so it can be said that she has a valid alibi.
On the other hand, Mr. Itami, who has gone shopping with her,
doesn't come out even once.
Don't you find this a bit strange?
I already said I was in the smoking area!
So far, the three suspects are...
Mr. Itami, his son Yasuie,
who has come here to show some catalogs,
knocked on the door and, as there was no one there,
he went for a walk and came back later...,
and myself, who as you know has been out of the house for a while...
but for the moment I can't say where I've gone.
Gee, boy, you know what that makes you look like, what you say?
I-I tell you again that I'll explain later exactly where I've gone.
Why?
Is it something you can't say in front of me?
Is it a woman?
Surely you've met her somewhere!
Why do you say this, this?
I've told you many times that you're the woman of my life, sweetheart!
(Think) "That's heavy..."
Inspector!
He is the murderer.
Emmanilli'l right away and take him away!
Don't go so fast, Yumi.
What a ?!
Although there are some unclear points,
when Mr. Itami and the maid have entered the house,
they felt the bedroom door slamming shut
in a very noisy way,
and then Mrs. Itami appeared dead hanging in here.
If the note at her feet was written by herself, this indicates that she committed suicide,
this indicates that she committed suicide without a doubt.
Eh?

"A prepared move."
When you said it, you meant the note, didn't you, Mr. Haneda?
Eh?
That's right, Sutzekichi, you said that before.
-No idea.
-What did you mean?
What did you mean?
I don't really remember saying it.
When you foresee a strategy mentally
that allows you to make a great play,
this is called a "prepared play".
It came to my memory because I saw it once on the internet.
From the game of shogi?
It is shogi game terminology.
Sutzekichi, how do you know these things?
Wait a minute, does it mean that the note was a "prepared move"?
I don't know, but doesn't the content of the note seem strange to you?
Let's analyze the, here it says:
"I'm so sorry I hurt you, I pray you get well soon.
Yasuie, good luck on your exam, I am sure you will pass it.
When you celebrate the Ichiko's Shichigosan, please,
let her wear my moulting kimono.
Forgive me for leaving earlier and leaving you behind.
Chiyoko Itami ".
-Where is she talking about the exam.
-What's so strange about this?
(All) Eh?!
Mm?
It seems that in Yasuie should get the driver's license
in a few days.
It's not an important exam, and it wouldn't be a big deal if she failed it.
Well, she was a very long-suffering woman.
She was actually very worried about our son,
who is about to finish his degree, but he hasn't found a job yet.
Yes, in Yasuie he is a senior in college.
If only she had written the note 4 years ago,
when your son was about to take his college entrance exams,
don't you think it would have made more sense?
Yes, it's true, if she had written it 4 years ago, then....
Then your little niece would have been 3,
which is the youngest age to celebrate... the Shichigosan.
Mm.
Not many days ago Mrs. Itami showed me a photograph.
She pointed to the little girl, who was wearing a dress kimono, and said:
"Wouldn't you say that this kimono is more than 40 years old, Sakurako?"
So, this means that the note was written 4 years ago.
This is absurd!
I showed you the blue one on my eye, didn't I?
I got it last night,
when my wife threw an ashtray at my head.
If it's written on the suicide note and everything....
Speaking of injuries, you said you broke your leg skiing a few years ago.
Yeah, why is that?
My mother was a beginner and ran into my father.
She told me that because of that
she had to fly alone to her hometown
for the family's New Year's celebration,
and that plane was about to crash,
but fortunately nothing happened.
This was also 4 years ago, wasn't it?
If it was about to crash,
it wouldn't be unusual for him to have written a note like this on the plane,
for the family he thought he would never see again.
He's right!
That's why the handwriting had an uneven stroke!
Because he wrote the note on a plane in turbulence.
This makes sense.
And it explains why he wrote the first and last name.
She wanted to make sure that, if it was found at the crash site,
they'd know it was hers.
If the killer had planned to use the note
to commit this crime four years later,
it would indeed be a well-prepared move.
But it is a mystery that, when Mr. Itami and the maid have returned,
the bedroom door slammed shut.
Yes...
And couldn't it be that the murderer was still hiding in the bedroom when the door slammed?
when the door slammed?
No, I don't think so.
When I got home I locked the door from the inside.
And when he arrived at Conan's,
the door was closed and locked with the safety pin.
Then, how come the door...?
It couldn't have closed by itself.
Who was it?!
What a slam!
Tell me, was it you, Chiba?!
How could it be?
We can ask Conan.
Hey, is it you who slammed the door?
No, it wasn't me.
I just went to open the door of the apartment
to see if my friends had already returned.
And before that I opened the bedroom window a little bit,
because the heating was too hot.
When they found Mrs. Itami,

the window was ajar too, wasn't it?
T-that's right.
Can you confirm that?
But Mr. Itami said that he didn't want his wife to be cold.
so he closed it right away.
-Eh?
-Of course, I got it!
When they came through the door,
the warm air in the room came out of the window.
the bedroom door slammed shut!
And in order to achieve this....,
the murderer left the window and the bedroom door half open.
But then the bedroom door would have been slammed shut
when the murderer would have left the apartment to escape, wouldn't it?
There was no thought.....
Mrs. Itami's cell phone was in front of the bedroom door?
Ahm... yes.
What if someone had put the cell phone between the door and the frame?
Wouldn't it hold the door open?
Look, like this!
But then the door couldn't be closed at all, could it?
Wow, that's true!
If the mobile had legs and moved like an animal,
then it could have been used as I said.
I got it!
The vibration of the cell phone!
I'm sure the killer has put the cell phone between the door and the frame,
left the apartment and is called from outside.
The cell phone vibrated during the call and fell to the floor!
But to Mrs. Itami's cell phone, which was on the floor,
there was no missed call made today.
Maybe it wasn't her cell phone, Inspector.
Mm?
Eh?
Although they have different color covers,
all three family members carry the same model of cell phone.
It wouldn't be strange if they got confused with each other, would it?
I get it.
The murderer took Mrs. Itami's cell phone case
and then put it on her cell phone
and passed it off as her cell phone.
Then he used it to make the door close and, when he returned home, he used it to make the door close
and, when he came back home, he changed the cover...
because it looked as if Mrs. Itami's cell phone
had nothing to do with this murder.
The only person who could have done it...
is the one who had Mrs. Itami's motive...
until he gave it to us,
and now it's right in front of me!
It's you, Mr. Itami.
While the maid was shopping at the supermarket,
you must have gone home,
strangled your wife and hung her from the ceiling.
Then you put the note from 4 years ago at the victim's feet,
opened the window, put the cell phone between the door and the frame,
and without wasting any more time, he left the house again.
Then he is called to make the cell phone vibrate and fall.
He then went to find the girl, and then returned home....
to make believe that Mrs. Itami had committed suicide.
Once home, he did not go directly to the bedroom,
but allowed a reasonable amount of time to pass
to hide the fact that the body had already been hanging for some time.
So, the suspicious person the janitor saw was...
Mr. Itami.
He must have had a change of clothes hidden in the supermarket bathroom.
I'm sure we can easily tell
by looking at his cell phone calls.
Now that you mention it, when I was in the smoking area, I got a call.
And who was it, then?
Well, they must have made a mistake, because they hung up right away.
Mm?
(Mobile)
(Ayumi) "I found a pay phone!"
And you know where it was?
In front of a supermarket.
We showed the manager the photo of Mr. Itami
and he told us that he had been talking on the phone on the sly.
Besides, not many people use pay phones anymore.
"Maybe you can find fingerprints and everything."
Oh...
That's what I've been told!
But... is it true what they say?
Mm-hm!
Did you really kill the mother?
I thought my luck had finally turned in my favor.
I wasn't sure whether or not to go through with this plan and kill her.
Until last night...
Hey, Chiyoko!
Didn't I tell you to stop playing the bag?
We told Yasuie... we told her that she still can't have a car,
but deep down wouldn't you like her to have one?
What are you saying?
We have more and more debts because of you!
Suddenly I understood everything!
God doesn't smile at me until I'm in an extreme situation.
See if I'm convinced of it,
that days ago I mortgaged this apartment.

Then we had a big argument,
and when that ashtray that Chiyoko threw at me touched my eye,
I felt a flash of electricity go through my body.
At that moment it crossed my mind that I could use the old note to carry out my plan and kill her.
to carry out my plan and kill her.
I thought God was on my side.
Hey, you already knew who had committed the murder?
I had my suspicions, but what really convinced me...
was the conversation between father and son at the front door.
You'll never approve, with these hairs that look like a dirty scouring pad!
I knew about the hair,
even though he was wearing a cap and hadn't seen him for a year.
Because while his wife was hanging up,
in Yasuie he rang the doorbell
and Mr. Itami saw his hair through the peephole.
But if his son had not removed his cap,
he wouldn't have been able to see them.
Yasuie likes to make the joke
of peeping from the side outside the peephole.
Eh?
When you wear a cap with a visor you can't look through a peephole
if you don't take it off.
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somete.
It seemed to me that he was a bit of a short-sighted boy.
You mean Yumi's ex-boyfriend?
From the way she had spoken
I imagined him to be an attractive and elegant man, and what can I say...
But he's pretty good, he seems like a very intelligent man.
And don't forget that he helped us solve the crime.
Yes, I've been a bit nervous myself,
making deductions about the case together with a celebrity.
-Eh?
-Is he famous?
Is there an actor named Shukichi Haneda?
Look, this is him.
(Mobile: male) "Congratulations, Taiko shogi master,
for winning the four most important tournaments!"
-Well, my mother admires her very much!
-He is the master of Taiko shogi!
But I don't understand what this master has to do with him?
Look, look carefully.
(All) Oh...!
Mm...
"I would say... that the opposition to the tower has been crucial."
(All) Mmm...
- (Genta) Yes, it's that man!
-This tuft...
I get it: the kanji of his name is similar to
those of the legendary Taiko Hashiba Hideyoshi.
Yes, he has been all day at the Shogi Association...
preparing a tournament,
but he didn't say so to prevent Yumi from discovering
that he was a professional shogi player.
What?
But being a shogi master is fantastic!
So what are these seven things he's trying to achieve?
Well, in the case of shogi, if there are seven, they sure are... (all) Mm ?!
- (all) Mm ?!
-He-he-he!
Yumi, sweetie..., I've done it!
I have won the title of shogi master that I wanted so much!
Yumi, sweetie!
-I feel so sorry.
-Oops, Sutzekichi, you're late!
-Have you been playing any games?
-The tournament has been going on longer than usual.
Well, I guess... you could call it a game,
but the thing is that until today no....
-News?
-No way, look at this news!
In Tenhaven, the sumo wrestler of the Yokozuna category,
finally managed to win the summer tournament!
In addition, he has won six competitions in a row.
It's fantastic, isn't it?
Surely if a sumo prince like him had a partner?
his girlfriend would feel like a real princess.
Oh...
Don't worry, Sutzekichi, with you I don't have such high expectations.
(Think) "Gio, Osho, Oza....,
Kise, Ooi, Ryuo, Meijin."
"The seven shogi tournaments!"
What?
That Shukichi is a shogi master?
That's right!
And he really is!
You mean... a master of fishing for minnows, or of the game of goose!
-Oh...!
-I'm much more in love with him.
(Bell: ring)
He-he is the groom, who is lying on the floor.
Yes, therefore, we can be almost certain...
that both crimes are the work of a single culprit.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure! If he used the..."
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"A wedding banquet and two shots".

