Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The meeting under the cherry trees gets complicated."
"A strange case with the FBI involved. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
- (weapon: shot)
- (bullet: enters the chamber)
L-listen, may I ask what's going on?
This woman told us she wanted to talk to us right away.
Ahem, ahem!
That we are accused of having done something wrong?
Before we start the conversation, please check...
if you have three five-yen coins in your pockets or bag.
Three coins painted with black marker.
Three five yen coins painted in black?
What do you mean by this?
Why should I have them, three black coins, me?
Gee, how can that be?
That's right, I have three black five-yen coins.
Mm.
- (man 2) And me.
- (man 1) I found them too.
I don't... I don't understand.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh? How can it be that all three of you have them?"
Can you tell me what's going on?
What's this weird story about the five yen?
I-It looks like it's...
what the pickpocket Kurobe left as a gift for her victims.
What's that?
Really? What do you mean?
What does it mean?
You mean my wallet's been stolen?!
Ahem!
I just a while ago... I realized I didn't have it.
Ahem, ahem!
I was thinking of going to report it to the police right now.
I'm not too worried about it, I didn't have much of it either.
I don't care, that I took it.
What's the matter, did they catch the pickpocket?
No, not exactly.
It's not like we caught her... She was found dead a while ago.
The thing is...
we think one of you three must be the killer.
One... one of us?
-You mean we're not the victims? -No way!
-It can't be!
We'll start by searching all three of you.
And then we'll check their personal belongings and cell phones.
Obviously, it's voluntary.
If you want, you can refuse.
But of course, if they refuse, they can get into trouble later on.
So, if it's not too much trouble...
All right, you understand.
You can now register everything, if you want.
But I warn you: I have very oily skin,
so the cell phone might be sticky.
-Oh!
-You'll get it done.
What's the matter, Jodie?
Have you noticed anything?
No.
I just thought of the man in that video you made for me one day.
you made for me one day.
Do you remember when we dropped the cell phone expressly
so they could catch him and see if we could figure out
who the spy was who had snuck into the hospital?
I remember the first thing that picked him up was a fat guy
who had very oily skin.
The next one that caught him was the spy we were looking for....,
and the last one that took him
was a very big man wearing a pacemaker.
And that was... the phone that in Shuichi....
Why don't we move Rena with the car of an acquaintance of mine?
-What?
-What?
In the back seat she'd fit stretched out.
The Men in Black are hoping you'll transport her with a bunk bed
and put her in a van that's rather large.
I-It sounds like a good idea, but...
I don't think they'll spot us like this.
Then I'll go out for a moment and make a phone call.
Don't worry, I'll be right back.
Oh... Ah!
Thanks a lot, kid, but we can't let you do that.
This is the FBI's job.
We can't afford to involve any more civilians in this case.
We'll handle it.
Yeah, but it's just that I...
Eh?
Aaa... Jodie, listen...
It doesn't make any difference now, does it?
I-I guess not.

I'm sorry, it's just... I was shocked to learn...
that the man with the burned face was not Shuichi.
Don't worry, I'll get it out of my head.
Nothing can be done now.
What's the matter?
How come you suddenly raised your voice?
Ahm... no, it's nothing.
What do you think?
How do you see it?
Do you think any of these three people is the killer you saw?
The man with the cane might look suspicious,
but the killer was carrying a cane about a foot long.
And he didn't walk with a cane, even if, as I said, he was a bit lame.
The cap he was wearing wasn't like this one, either,
and it wasn't a lady's woolen cap either,
but rather one of those mountain hats.
Besides, the man I saw wasn't coughing either,
like this good man, who has a good cold.
But he might as well make it look, that he has a cold, this one, no?
I doubt it.
Because before when we have seen her for the first time
she had no way of knowing that we knew Dr. Agasa,
and she was already coughing a lot.
He had no reason to make it look like he had a cold in front of us.
that he had a cold in front of us.
I guess you're right.
And listen, doctor... What about the walking?
You said earlier that the killer was dragging his leg a little, right?
Yeah, but this old man doesn't really drag his leg.
It's more like he can't stand up straight without help.
And the other two suspects don't seem to be limping at all, no.
They what?
That he can't find the murder weapon?
Have you looked in every corner?
Yes, Inspector, everywhere, even in the drain of the fountain...
and in the offering box in the temple.
Have you checked to see if any of the suspects had it on them?
No.
We've examined the old man's staff,
but there's no indication that it was used to kill anyone.
Also, we've checked the cell phones of all three of them,
and none of them have an app installed on them
that allows tracking a GPS transmitter.
Although we can't rule out that she might have deleted it
to prevent us from finding her.
Sure, but further investigation would require a court order.
Listen, guys, when you met the suspects,
have any of them acted strangely?
What do you mean "strangely"?
Well, for example, if someone has approached...
and handed them a cane or something like that.
The three of them were alone.
The old man told us that if the piece of fortune paper brought good luck
we had to take it home.
The girl with the woolen cap told us
that we should ring the bell very loudly
because the gods would know that we were in the temple.
And the other gentleman, what a cough!
told us that he had already washed his hands in the fountain.
It seems to me that he has arrived at the temple long before us,
so he's been there for quite a while now.
Inspector Megure!
Mmm...
Eh?
We found a hat and coat that might belong to the killer.
And now!
Is that so?
I think it's most likely, because the coat has blood stains on it.
But it's covered in flower petals.
Yes, it was covered with wilted petals, as if he wanted to hide her.
Oh, did he?
Then he may have hidden the murder weapon in the same way.
Find us the one even if you have to scatter all the fallen petals!
-Yes!
-Okay.
What a ?!
It's such a pretty carpet of petals!
-You're right.
-What a pity!
If you look at them one at a time they are wilted petals,
but when there are so many scattered on the ground they look like a pink carpet.
(Shinichi, thinking) "Sure, I get it."
"I'm sure it went like that. That's why he said that to the children."
"That means...
He probably dragged his leg a little so that..."
(Woman, think) "Maybe you've figured out who committed the murder, but...
I doubt you'll ever find out who we really are."
(Woman) How long are they going to keep us locked up in there!
It's getting late, the sun is setting!
I don't know if they're working on a case or what, but this can't be.
We have nothing to do with it.
We are very sorry.
We're just asking for a little time.
Inspector Megure!
I'm told we have to open the temple doors right now.
Understood.
We can't drag this out any longer.

Have you found the murder weapon yet?
No, we are not aware that any of the agents have located it yet.
It's possible that the real murderer may have fled the temple
before we closed the doors and took it with him.
I don't think so, that he could have fled,
because it's practically impossible that he had time.
Immediately it was ordered
the entrance and exit doors were immediately ordered closed.
And you have already heard the witness say that the murderer was a little lame.
Everything suggests that he is still inside the compound,
both the murderer and the 30-centimeter weapon
that he used to commit the crime.
In this case, the main suspects remain?
the three victims of the pickpocket, right?
Yes.
And think about something important...
That there was a GPS wrapped with the bills
from one of the stolen wallets,
just like Jodie said,
implies that the victim got herself in good enough shape
for the pickpocket to steal it.
Following the GPS, he could kill her later in a more secluded location.
Okay, but none of the three suspects...
look like they have leg damage, not limps.
Because, the old man, rather than limping,
looks like he can't walk without the aid of a cane.
Is there a possibility that the murderer has an accomplice...
and that this person has passed him the murder weapon on the sly?
The accomplice should be one of the visitors to the temple.
In other words, we should search them all.
-Hey?!
-That won't be necessary.
So that the murderer still has a part of the weapon hidden on him.
-That's right.
-A part of the gun?
The killer has piled up the pieces and turned them into the murder weapon.
H-he stacked...?
The murder weapon you saw was some kind of cane, wasn't it?
What do you mean, he has piled them up?
(Agasa voice) The murderer has bound them together to make a cane.
There were many pieces together.
Then he has hidden them in a place where they wouldn't attract attention
even if there were many.
He talked to the children and that helped him to camouflage his action.
-You mean us?
-Huh?
You mean the old man who talked to us
the place where the fortune papers are tied up?
The truth is that there are a lot of related ones,
so no one would notice if they added more.
But for as many papers as you put together
you would never make a weapon hard enough
to beat a person to death.
That's right, it's just paper.
So it's the other man?
The one who coughs?
The one who has rejected the ladle that Genta has extended to the fountain?
Of course, I'm sure it was him.
Besides, there were many more ladles in the fountain.
If there were any with an iron handle, we would have the murder weapon.
The police would have found it long ago.
Yes, I suppose they would.
Evidently, there was no iron ladle.
The only one left is that girl we found...
the place where the rattle is rattled.
But of rattles there were only two.
(Conan voice) Did she do anything before she rattled the rattle?
(Conan voice) -Yes, I think so.
-And so much!
-We put five yen coins in there.
-We made an offering.
That's right.
In the offering box.
The five yen coins symbolize the good relationship with others.
That's why the offerings are made with five yen coins,
which are holed.
They have a hole in the middle.
If you put them together with a string or a wire and tie them,
you have a long, thin stick.
Also, if you were to find a lot of five-yen coins later...
in the offering box,
they would be mixed with the others and would not arouse suspicion.
Thus the murderer would deceive the police,
who are looking for a metal object in the shape of a cane.
But in order to make a 30-centimeter walking stick
it takes exactly 200 five yen coins, that's a lot!
Besides, if you were to leave so many coins in the offering box all at once, people would suspect something, wouldn't they?
people would be suspicious, wouldn't they?
For this he approached the children and told them
that if they didn't ring the bell loudly, the gods wouldn't know they were there,
the gods wouldn't know they were in the temple.
That the murderer is...
O-which means...
The person who has hidden the GPS transmitter in the wallet
because the pickpocket would take it and thus have it located;

who then linked a pile of five yen coins together
to assemble a weapon
to beat Mrs. Ikuyo Yatani to death....,
is you, Miss Yoriko Dann.
You have approached the children
and rattled the rattle with all your strength
to drown out the noise that all those five yen coins falling into the
falling into the offering box.
(Agasa voice) He untied the end of the string that tied the coins together,
then held it by one end
and left it upside down in the offering box,
thus dropping them all at once.
And the crime was committed before the bell rang in that way.
In other words, the pickpocket had already taken his wallet.
Therefore, it was a lie when she said she hadn't noticed,
because she had put money in the offering box
and rattled the bell.
He should have realized it when he opened the purse to make the offering.
But they don't know?
There is a saying
that one should not open one's wallet before the offering box.
Because if the gods see how much money there is at the doors
and they discover that you have a lot but you make a very modest offering....,
you could anger them.
That's why whenever I come here I always carry five yen coins in my pocket.
And that's why you say you didn't notice that your wallet was stolen, right?
That's right.
And if you saw that I had put a good handful
of five yen coins in the offering box,
I won't do anything to deny it, will I?
We don't need to see it to prove it.
We'll just have to take a look at his shoelace.
Nothing else, because he's probably used the shoelace...
to tie up all the five yen coins.
That's why he couldn't leave the crime scene at a good pace.
He seemed to be limping because he was missing a shoelace,
and if he had walked at his usual pace the shoe would have fallen off.
After rattling the bell
he put the lace back on the shoe and fastened it.
If he used the shoelace to commit the crime....
we should find blood from the victim
from when he beat her to death with the coins.
Excuse me for a moment.
Oh!
That's right, there are bloodstains.
Would you mind explaining to us
how she had more black five yen coins?
The coins we found next to the body,
aren't they the ones the woman had put in his pocket
when she stole your purse?
No, the ones she put in my pocket are...
the ones I showed to the police a while ago.
Then, the other five yen coins...?
The ones I left next to that woman...
are the ones she put in my bag...
when she stole another purse from me last year.
The coins that cost my son his life!
Your son, you say?
It's the boy who was in the photograph of your purse?
Yes, that's right.
When that little thief stole my other purse from last year...,
inside it were also the car keys.
Since I couldn't open the door without a key,
my son, who was asthmatic,
stayed locked for several hours.
We arrived at the hospital too late.
There was nothing to be done, he died soon after.
I looked for information on the Internet about the pickpocket
and ambushed him in the places where he was likely to go.
But why was she carrying the photo?
I don't understand.
Thanks to the photo we knew it was her purse.
Without the photo we might never have found out.
If you're trying to get money out of the purse...
you need to see that picture at all costs.
I just wanted to let you know...
that when he stole my purse last year..,
you not only took my money..,
but you also stole the life of an innocent little boy!
Yes.
Well, then, can I go home now?
Can I go, too?
Maybe we'll have to contact you
to ask you a few questions before we close the pickpocket case.
-You'll do a trick on me.
-All right, anytime.
Mm?
One moment, excuse me.
One question: you're visually impaired, aren't you?
Eh?
Why do you ask?
Because when the pickpocket saw you, she was very surprised,
she was a little scared.
And, I don't know, but it seems to me...
it was because he had just stolen her wallet a moment ago.
How come you didn't say anything, then?

It was the second time I had seen it in a short time.
Well, because, as you said, I don't see very well.
But, if you can't see well,
without glasses you can't contemplate the spectacle of the cherry blossoms.
You came to see the cherry blossoms, didn't you?
Actually, I came to get some lucky charms.
-Huh?
-Amulets?
What kind?
-Oh... Mo-MotoE...
-Amulets for me, right?
-Alça!
She's pregnant.
-They're for this little one.
You wanted them for a good delivery, didn't you?
I told you to stay home, didn't I?
I came to see what was wrong.
You didn't come back and I was starting to suffer.
So, if you're married to him, you must be the woman...
who put the duct tape on me during the bank robbery.
Wow!
And you're the foreign woman in the bank!
I had to do it, they threatened me,
I had no choice.
Watch out!
Are you all right?
What's the matter with you?
E-excuse me... I'm sorry, the Biker's not feeling very well.
-Of course.
-Please, can we go?
Isn't nausea a symptom of the first months of pregnancy?
Yes, but, by the volume of the belly,
this woman must be well into her sixth month.
Who knows, maybe she's nauseous for some other reason.
Yes, you're right, Camel,
that man with the burn on his face was not in Shuichi.
It seems that he was a bait put out by the Organization specifically
to confirm whether he was dead or not in Shuichi.
Excuse me...
Well, I'll explain in more detail when I get back, okay?
I think the money is gone, but, please,
could you check the contents of the wallet?
Thank you.
No, nothing's missing.
There are all the cards.
(thinks) "Oh! This is from the hijacking at the department store!"
"Huh? It was folded all the time?"
" 'Run away. This area is dangerous."
"Shuichi!"
"Shuichi!"
"Shuichi!"
"If that burn man wasn't in Shuichi....,
who does it, all of it, and why?"
(Shinichi, think) "I'm sorry, agent Jodie."
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somete.
(Fuss)
Oh!
Hey, hey.
You'll catch cold if you fall asleep here.
Eh?
Wha-what, you're not feeling well?
Don't suffer, I don't know anything.
He's drunk and fell asleep.
My brother can't hold his liquor.
What?
Are they twins?
It's a coincidence that they just so happened...
stole the wallet of the man you've disguised yourself as.
You can say that.
In fact, I found it strange that he wasn't carrying it.
In the end, though it was lucky
that I took the five yen coins he had on him.
But do you mean to say that it was worth wasting the time
to go and return the wallet that was stolen?
I didn't want her to make a fuss and have everything discovered.
He also had a card and his driver's license with him.
Well, you can thank me now.
The microphone that you put on that FBI kitty
in the fold of your sleeve when she grabbed your arm..,
I got it back for you.
Thank you, if it wasn't for you....
- (air: escapes)
-So what?
What did she say, the kitten?
-Yes...
-Did she explain anything interesting?
Almost everything I wanted to hear.
And a few other things she said behind the scenes.
Well, I hope it won't take you long to tell me the whole story.
Yes, as soon as I have solid proof.
-Mm?
-For the moment, I'll just tell you one thing.
He's extraordinarily intelligent..,
that nano.
So the deduction he made on Mouri doesn't quite convince you.
Yes, I get it.
I understand the hand code.
Hurry up.
I have to find it and tell it to him.
(Shinichi, think) "Don't do it!"
"Kaori, don't do it!"
Don't miss the next episode, "The coded invitation".

