Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I expected nothing less from you.
No one else was able to discover the hiding place of the great Kaito K.
I finally got to see your face, great Kaito K.
What are you doing up here, Mr. Kataoka?
It's dangerous.
Come down at once.
Take it easy, man.
Besides, I'm not Mr. Kataoka now, I'm the great Kaito K.
Please come down.
I don't know if we've been invited to dinner or to see a play.
(Boy) You didn't know?
I don't understand anything either.
My father is a detective fanatic.
And his favorite detective, by far, is in Kogoro Mouri.
Oh, is that so?
"Now I understand why there was a statue of him at the entrance."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yes, it's me!
And that's why, from time to time,
he disguises himself as a bad guy and does strange things,
like challenging Mr. Mouri to find him.
Do me a favor and come down right now, big Kaito K.
"How can you go to these extremes?"
Please!
Until when do you plan to continue behaving like a creature?
(Eisuke) Very well, I give you 30 minutes.
I challenge you all to find the great Kaito K.
If he manages to find me
before the tower clock strikes 6 o'clock,
you will receive a reward you can't even imagine.
Let the adventure begin!
Good luck, you'll need it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"A giant estate full of traps."
"And where does this admiration for Kogoro come from?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"The secret of Kogoro Mouri's statue."
My goodness, what a piece of property!
It's huge, all of it.
You can tell.
It looks like a whole village.
Yes, we used to say it too, that it looks like a whole village.
"It's perfect for playing hide-and-seek."
We got it.
I'm sure there's no way out of there.
No, that's impossible.
Mr. Kataoka has disappeared.
"Eh? That's strange!"
You've discovered something, Conan?
Don't you find it a little strange, this clock?
For starters, I think it's hanging too low,
and both of them point to the same number, 6.
Well, now that you mention it...
Don't you find it a bit suspicious?
Maybe...?
- (thump)
-Ah!
Aaaaah!
Yes, this is the access to the subway tunnels.
What?
It's the great Kaito K!
He's escaping!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ay, ay, ay!
Oh, excuse me, Father.
I'll wait for her at the other entrance.
Follow him through the tunnel, so he won't escape.
All right, all right, all right.
Look.
Here's dirt, mud, there's all these footprints, and they're very fresh.
That means he's been through here.
Yes, we've got him!
Look, Ran, it's over there.
We've got it, Mr. Kataoka.
Quiet!
I'm so sorry.
How clumsy of me!
Yes, but please stand up.
Ah, I'm sorry, forgive me.
Yes.
We're back to where we were, aren't we?
This here in front is the main entrance to the mansion.
It leads to the back gardens.
You guys follow him, I'll go the other way.
All right, all right.
We'll get her this time for sure.
It's huge, all this.
We'll have a hard time finding it.
(Sada) It's coming your way.
Stop helping us.
(Sada) Huh?
Come on, Conan.
Yes.
Look out!
I thought it was no good, riding a bike.
So did I.
Geez, it's like a maze in here.
How do we know which way to go?
- (man: call)
- (knock)
That way.
(Sada) Yeah...
Is she all right?
I found her suddenly.
I did not expect it and I fell.
And do you know where she went?
I guess you went into the main mansion.

(Man: call)
Only 7 minutes left.
Did you hear that scream?
Mrs. Kataoka.
I have no idea, I just got here.
Yes.
What happened?
What happened?
I hope nothing happened to the owner.
Mr. Kataoka!
No, it hasn't.
There's no one here.
He's not here.
The voices, you?
"Damn. Where did he go?"
What happened?
I heard noise and a scream.
Where were you all this time?
It was up here, in my room, listening to music.
(Sada) No!
Mr. Kataoka!
(Sada) What's wrong?
It's in the back.
Don't leave us, Mr. Kataoka, please don't leave us...
Mr. Kataoka.
What's that screaming?
What's happened?
I think it's...
Ouch!
Get out of here!
It's too late.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's death.
(Takagi) The deceased is Mr. Eisuke Kataoka, age 54,
tycoon and owner of this mansion.
He has severe contusions on the back of his body.
It appears that the most serious injury is to the back of his head.
We understand that it has been the cause of death.
We can practically take it for granted that he died at 55 minutes past 5 o'clock.
All of us here heard the scream of Mr. Kataoka
and the sound of the ladder falling.
I understand that Mr. Kataoka
was playing some kind of game with all of you, wasn't he?
Yes.
We'd play hide-and-seek and we'd all stop.
At your age you still play these things?
Yes.
It was an accident, then?
We found traces of him on the stairs, on the left side.
"Most likely, when he was climbing up the ladder,
he lost his balance and fell down by himself."
I don't think there's much room for error in this case.
He also has a wound on his face,
but he must also have gotten it when he fell.
(Yurie) has been looking for it.
She was like a little boy, always playing childish games.
She is the Yurie, the wife of the deceased.
They were married shortly after the first wife died.
Thank you.
Excuse me, what are you doing, not wearing your wedding ring?
I haven't worn it for a long time.
It had always bothered me a lot.
"Well, how come you still have the mark?"
And he is the son of the first wife?
Yes.
He hasn't forgiven his father,
because he says that the mother died
because of his imprudence and eccentricities.
It was a foregone conclusion that the father would die like that.
Eh?
Wait, excuse me, what happened to your hand?
Eh?
Ah.
I hurt myself with a guitar string.
(Seiya) "But I didn't..."
(Seiya) "What happened? I heard a noise and a scream."
Where were you, all this time?
It was up here, in my room, listening to music.
(Sada) If in the end it turns out to have been an accident,
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
It's still not clear to me that it was an accident.
Why do you say that, Kogoro?
Is there anything you don't see clearly?
When Mr. Kataoka set me a challenge,
he usually had all sorts of traps prepared.
This time, however, all he did was run and run away.
You mean it's not your imagination?
This man was an amateur, not a professional.
Yeah, sure, I guess you're right.
Yes, we can close the case now.
So, we consider it an accident?
"That's what it says in Kogoro."
"If it was an accident, there's a lot of things that don't make sense."
"Mr. Kataoka's body wasn't sweaty."
"Even though he hadn't stopped running for a long time."
"Besides..."
"Don't tell me that... This is where..."
"Well, if that's so, over there..."
"It should be this way."
Sure, this is...
Ouch!
(thump)
May I know why you're screaming?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
Always the same, you!
You always get in where you're not called.
No, if I just wanted...
(Melodic music)
This was Mr. Kataoka's favorite song.
(Kogoro) "Someone must have put it there to pay tribute to him."
Can you do me a favor and move the statue, please?
(Kogoro) What?
The statue?
And why do I have to move it?
What's the point?

You really don't see anything unusual?
Take a good look.
You don't have a mustache like that, it's split in half.
It's as if you were an impostor.
"I've got it."
Very interesting, but there's nothing in here.
(Cat: meows)
(I think-I think)
This noise...
(Cat: meowing) What?
I get it!
Will you let me look at it?
"Sure, I know what happened."
Hey.
What are you doing here, at this hour, Conan?
It's just that Mr. Mouri
asked me to come and do him a favor.
Eh?
But he's here, Mr. Mouri.
Yes, yes, I know.
Mr. Mouri, I've already made everyone come, as you asked me to.
Let's see, Kogoro, what's this all about?
I finally found out what happened.
Someone wanted to make it look like it was an accident,
but, in reality, it was a homicide.
What?
But since we found the body, everything indicates that it was unintentional.
What makes you think it was a homicide?
The wound on his face.
The wound on Mr. Kataoka's face?
I thought it was clear that it was from the fall.
Yes, at first I thought so too.
But the statue helped me see the truth.
Please take a good look.
See that the nose is cracked?
Yes, it is true.
And what does it mean?
The crack is very recent.
It is evident that someone has hit him once,
and I'm convinced it has to do with the case.
It can't be.
If you look into it again, you'll see that I'm right.
The wound on Mr. Kataoka's face
was made by the statue's nose.
But the body was far away from the statue.
That's right, if Mr. Kataoka had fallen from the ladder,
he wouldn't have been able to run into the statue and break his nose,
because, actually, it's very far from the place where we found it.
(Kogoro voice) Therefore, we can take it for granted....
that Mr. Kataoka did not fall from the ladder.
"First, the murderer has hit her head in front of the statue....
"and knocked her unconscious,
and then carried her to the place where we found him."
"And the headbutt he gave her when he dropped him on the ground
is what actually killed her."
"Next, the murderer stamped...
"Mr. Kataoka's shoe print on the scale...
"And placed it next to the corpse
so that we would all think he had fallen from the ladder."
Who would do such a thing?
Before I say it, I'd like to confirm something.
Inspector Takagi.
When you checked Mr. Kataoka's cloak,
did you see if it was torn?
-Didn't you find that strange, Ran?
-No, the cloak was intact.
Was it?
That's right.
What do you know about it?
When we were chasing him I clearly saw his cloak tearing.
Watch out!
On the other hand, the cape the corpse was wearing was not torn.
Why was it torn?
How can it be understood?
The only explanation is that the person we were pursuing
was not Mr. Kataoka.
Evidently, the first Kaito K we were chasing...
was indeed Mr. Kataoka.
But in the middle of the chase someone has changed for him.
And that someone was the killer, obviously.
And this will be confirmed by the other Kaito K,
that is, the person who killed Mr. Kataoka,
right, Mr. Sada?
No, it can't be.
Mr. Sada-san has been with us the whole time
while we were chasing after Mr. Kataoka.
He didn't have time to do it, this change.
No, it hasn't been all the time with him.
There has been a time when we haven't been together.
He did go to the back gardens.
You follow him, I'll go the other way.
All right, all right.
This time we'll catch it for sure.
(Kogoro voice) "Surely, right off the bat,
it was all Mr. Kataoka's idea."
"In principle, he had already planned to make this change."
What none of us here could have known, of course,
was that Mr. Sada intended
to take advantage of this plan to kill Mr. Kataoka.
"When he saw that the Ran and Conan had disappeared," he said,
"He took a shortcut inside the mansion,
"He put on the disguise of Kaito K that he had already prepared.
"And attacked Mr. Kataoka,

Who was waiting for her in the back garden to make the exchange."
"After knocking Mr. Kataoka unconscious,
Mr. Sada stumbled upon the Ran and Conan."
So, from then on, what we were chasing after was....
It wasn't Mr. Kataoka, it was Mr. Sada.
A little while ago we confirmed it with the kid.
"The shoes of in Kaito K must have been muddy.
"When he went through the tunnels,
but the bicycle pedal was clean, with no trace of mud."
Then Mr. Sada put back on his clothes
and made it look like it had all been done by the same person.
Excuse me, but you have overlooked something very important,
because I can assure you that all of us here have felt perfectly well
Mr. Kataoka's scream and the sound of the ladder falling.
I imagine that's what you mean.
-Yes.
-Inspector Takagi... -Inspector Takagi...
- (knock)
- (man: call)
Yes, that's what we felt.
It's the same scream and the same noise as before.
It sounded from the stereo.
Mr. Sada had recorded the scream of Mr. Kataoka
and the sound of a staircase falling to the ground
and used a timer
to play through the stereo
at high volume when he was interested.
But at that moment,
Mr. Kataoka was alive, behind the statue.
So, he died taking advantage of the fact...
that we were all inside the mansion looking for Mr. Kataoka?
Yes.
So, Mr. Sada went back to the back garden...
and Mr. Kataoka died.
And then he set everything up so he could fool everyone.
He was even the one who found the body and picked it up,
so he could hide the blood that had splashed on his clothes
when he died.
Oi, Mr. Sada?
The mistake you made
is that you have set the volume of the stereo too high.
It sounded so loud that even we felt it,
who were far away, and Seiya, who was in his room...
listening to music with headphones.
And the voice of a person can not be felt at such a distance.
All this you say does not make any sense,
and it won't serve as proof.
No, but right now I'm going to show you conclusive proof...
that will prove that the murderer could only be you.
After doing your whole routine
and making it look like it was all Mr. Kataoka's doing..,
you had to hide your disguise
somewhere near where my statue is.
In fact, we found a secret hole in the statue's pedestal,
but his disguise was missing.
Evidently not.
No, but there was something else...
that he used to hide his Kaito K. costume.
And he went to the statue
and took this thing out of the hole in the pedestal so he could hide it.
(I-believe)
(I think)
Don't you find it a bit strange, this ball?
It's bigger than it should be and, besides, it makes a very strange noise.
This is...
It's a piece of marble from the statue.
It's hard to see, but there's a little bit of blood.
And to the wig there are gray hairs.
Can you explain it to us somehow, all of it, Mr. Sada?
At that moment, he has taken the ball out of the hole of the pedestal,
you've hidden the disguise and then,
he has left it in a place where Ran and Conan could not see it.
Surely he had planned to take advantage of some moment
to retrieve it later,
but he has not taken into account two things.
The first is that the cat appeared,
started playing with the ball and moved it to another place.
The second, the piece of marble that broke his nose....
and that he had to hide in a hurry.
He didn't take into account that, inside the ball,
that little piece of marble would make noise.
No, actually, what I didn't take into account sufficiently...
is Mr. Kogoro Mouri's great capacity for deduction.
Yes.
So...
I confess that it was me who killed Mr. Kataoka.
-Yes.
Why is that?
Why? Because I couldn't forgive him.
Because I couldn't forgive him.
"He led a life full of eccentricities,
"And it was exactly as if he'd stopped thinking at all
about his first wife, he didn't even remember."
And I felt very sorry for her.
-That's not true.
-Huh?
The Eisuke, actually,
if he thought about anything, it was detective games.

and his first wife.
I think he only married me
to see if he could overcome that sadness.
But try as he might, I was unable to fill that void.
And I didn't realize it until recently, all this.
I guess that's why you took off your wedding ring, right?
Yes, I did it as an act of rebellion,
but the truth is that Eisuke won't even notice.
Well, this means...
Mr. Kataoke really liked his first wife.
("Ima Aitakute", Daigo)

Denw ga naru tabi Kono Mune ga zawameku.
Demo kikoete kuru no wa kimi no koe Jana.
Ima kimi wa Doko ni iru no nani shiteru no.
Kamisama ni niega todoku nara mueve ichido dake.
Aitakute kimi ni aitakute
Ima mo Kono Mune wa kimiiro ni somaru (dakishime Takutea).
Setsunakute nido to AENA nara.
Maichiru yuki shiroku Kono kokoro somite.
So this was the reward
that Mr. Kataoka had prepared.
Yes.
He had always been so crazy.
To say the least.
The truth is... I was having a pretty good time, with his challenges.
That's serious, then.
"Y...
what do you intend to make of this now?"
"Oh... Let's see if..."
Conan?
(Ayumi: squeals)
We came to pick up Conan's sweatshirt
and found Matsunosuke asleep.
"Everyone has made a mistake."
"The witnesses and also the murderer."
"Sure. I know what happened."
"Don't miss the next episode: 'A suspicious walk'."

