(Ayumi) Yours!
Iah!
-Great, Shinpei!
-Very good, very good!
Next!
It's your turn, Conan.
Come on, you!
Uoh!
- (all) Eh?!
-Oh! -Oh!
(all) Huh?
AAAI!
Stop, come on, go!
Come on, stop!
- (all) "Matsunosuke"?
-My... Matsunosuke!
(Woman) Stop it, Matsunosuke!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Bub!
(All) "Grandma"?
- (all) "Grandma"?
-Ah, good morning, Grandma.
Shinpei, you're already playing games in the morning instead of working?
Grandma, it's not... it's not exactly like that.
It's true, I wasn't playing.
She teaches us frisbies in this park once a week.
-Ha-ha-ha!
-That's very nice.
But this is like playing, it's the same.
And you are not old.
Because of you, now even Matsunosuke...
is dedicated to catching these frisbies.
Ah, so this little dog is called Matsunosuke?
How cute!
-Huh?
- (woman) Oh, mother, how he has soiled you.
What's that?
I'll take it to be washed, boy.
Eh?
And I'll give it back to you clean.
It's not necessary, don't suffer, really.
No, no, I'm going to take it to the dry cleaners, make sure it's nice and clean.
I don't want your parents to complain that my dog messed it up for you.
Grandma, now you have to go to breakfast, right?
Will you invite me to have breakfast with you?
I'll only invite you when you get a job
and return the money I left you.
Okay, understood!
Oh...
(Shinichi, think) "Mmm..."
(All) Oh...!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
(Shinichi voice) "The light of reason can pierce through shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"He makes the same path with the dog every morning,
but one small difference is the key to everything."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"A suspicious walk."
(Door: doorbell)
Madam, what is it?
We came to look for Conan's sweatshirt!
Maybe he's walking the dog.
Well, he must have gone out.
We'll have to come back another time.
But look, Matsunosuke is lying there in his kennel.
(Ayumi) It's true!
Phew, and he sleeps like a log!
He doesn't move at all.
- (all) Eh?
- (woman) He sleeps, in Matsunosuke?
Hello, children.
I come to give you some candy.
Oh, and who are you?
I'm a friend of Kanae's, pretty.
And the owner of Matsunosuke's brother.
Eh?
Matsunosuke has a brother?
How nice!
-Moltíssim, they're identical. -Moltíssim, they're identical.
-And he looks like him?
(Shinichi, think) "Oh..."
"Let's see if..."
Conan?
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's open."
(Ayumi) Aaaah!
Kanae!
What's all the commotion?
I can't concentrate, with all this noise.
Oh, oh...!
As I told you, we came to pick up Conan's sweatshirt...
and we found Matsunosuke asleep.
And he wouldn't wake up no matter how much we called him.
What? What Matsunosuke?
What Matsunosuke?
(Mitsuhiko) Yeah, man, the thing that sleeps in the garden shed.
Ah, you mean the dog that's stretched out there.
(All) She's been drugged?!
The technicians say she's been drugged.
So, you are Mrs. Hirota, a friend of the victim?
Yes, I came to bring some treats for her dog...
and I found...
And you are Mr. Kitazawa, who lives next door?
Yes, I've heard the doorbell rung many times,
I came to see what was going on and I found this.
And could you tell me if you two already knew each other?
Massa and all!
In case you don't know,
this woman owed my neighbor a lot of money.
The Kanae was complaining that she was claiming them back
but there was no way she was going to get them back.
I'd bet anything that you're dead.
Look who's talking!

Everyone knew that you kept complaining about her!
About the noise your dog made when it barked!
What?
Are you accusing me of murdering her?!
-You take this back!
-Take it back right now!
Hey, hey, calm down, please.
Inspector Megure, we've asked around...
and it appears that between 8:00 and 8:15 in the morning...
many vendors at the municipal market have seen Mrs. Asakawa
passing in front of the stalls walking her dog.
They know what route she was taking.
Do you know what route she took, when she went out to walk the dog?
Yes, she went out every morning,
he'd pass by the municipal market and then he'd go to the park,
and after a while he'd take other streets to go back home.
Yes, he always said he liked to walk the dog in the morning....
for about an hour.
So...
He left the house a little before eight o'clock...,
she walked around with the dog and by nine o'clock she was home.
She must have been murdered when she got here.
Where were you during this time?
I was at home playing shogi with a friend of mine.
I was also at home.
The florist brought me some flowers that I had ordered,
and then she tidied up the garden a bit.
(Shinichi, thinks) "My sweatshirt."
"I had already gone to the dry cleaners to get it."
"Eh?"
"Eh?"
" 'A beige colored mid-season jacket'."
"It's the one she was wearing when she was killed."
"Eh? A container of prepared food... for breakfast?"
Inspector, come on, please!
"Eh? But Shinpei told us..."
Look at this.
What's this?
It's a handkerchief!
What?
But it's got a bloodstain on it!
-Yes, it does.
-Hey, isn't it...? -Yes...?
It's Shinpei's handkerchief!
It's the Kanae's net.
Who's in Shinpei?
Mm?
Inspector Megure!
This woman has seen a young man running out of this house.
Oh, did she?
Excuse me, could you repeat what you just told me right now?
I think it was after nine o'clock, more or less.
I think it was after nine o'clock, more or less.
I ran into a young man coming out of there all scared.
"He was very pale and he ran off."
And, if memory serves me correctly, I'd swear it was the Kanae's net.
Ah... Let's see something, does anyone know this guy's address?
I heard he was living on his own in an apartment nearby.
Locate them anyway and interrogate him immediately.
Yes, sir!
It can't be!
He'd never commit murder in Shinpei, I'm sure.
It must be a mistake by force.
(Ayumi) Gee, it's terrible, to accuse poor Shinpei.
But, besides, he comes every week...
to teach us how to play with frisbies so eagerly...!
It couldn't have been him at all!
- (guts: rac-rac)
-Your guts are snoring?
Do you start making noises at a time like this?
He-he...
That-that wasn't me, oysters!
Eh?
Shinpei?
(Guts: rac-rac)
-Oysters, Shinpei!
-Huh?
Is that you, Conan?
-For grandma's death, right?
-The police are looking for you, you know?
Yes... And it looks like they suspect that you killed her.
No, I did it, really!
You ran out of your grandmother's house.
Why did you go?
B-because... she sent me a message telling me to go.
But when I got there it was...
Then I ran out and ran into a woman,
and I didn't know what to do or where to go.
Shinpei, you told us that your grandmother always had breakfast...
after taking Matsunosuke out for a walk, right?
Right?
Yes, yes, she always said it was better to eat...
after you've had a bit of exercise.
(Man) It's here!
No, it wasn't me!
Gee, they took poor Shinpei away.
-Did you let them take her away!
-You didn't do anything, Conan!
And what did you want me to do?
Shinpei's handkerchief was at the scene of the crime,
and a witness had seen him run away.
It can't be.
You think en Shinpei is guilty of his grandmother's murder?
-Calm down.
-I can't get over my astonishment!
(All) Eh?
Well, yes.
You wanted to say something, didn't you, Conan?
First of all, the handkerchief found at the crime scene...
is not very incriminating.
Anyone could have easily taken it from Shinpei.

You mean... the real murderer could have stolen it from him
and left it at the scene of the crime and framed him, right?
But this won't be enough.
I found a clear plastic dry-cleaning bag from the dry cleaners
in the kitchen trash at his grandmother's house.
On the label it said:
"A beige women's mid-season jacket."
and the name of the dry cleaner.
"A beige-colored women's mid-season jacket"?
Ah!
It was the jacket that grandma was wearing when she died!
Exactly, and underneath this plastic bag...
was a container of some kind of prepared food for breakfast.
The food container was under the plastic bag from the dry cleaners?
This means that he threw the breakfast container first, right?
So, he had breakfast before he went for a walk with Matsunosuke.
That's right.
(All) Hey, it's the other way around!
According to Shinpei, his grandmother always had breakfast...
when she came back from taking Matsunosuke out for a walk,
that was her custom.
But the physical evidence indicates that it was the other way around.
Perhaps someone has manipulated them to make us believe things that are not.
Isn't it possible that Shinpei didn't tell us the truth, too?
No, I doubt it very much.
In Shinpei you told us last week about Grandma's breakfast, didn't you?
Grandma, you must go to breakfast, right?
Will you invite me to have breakfast with you?
If he had fooled us then,
it would mean that he had the murder planned for a long time.
And then he wouldn't have dropped the handkerchief at the crime scene.
-And who must be the culprit, then?
-It's true.
The suspects are Mrs. Hirota, the one with the other dog,
and her neighbor, Mr. Kitazawa.
But it seemed that they both had alibis.
Then we should investigate further to see if they are true.
Good thinking!
If we find out that any of them are false, exculpated in Shinpei.
Junior Detective League, let's get to work!
(Both) Yes.
I'll start by going to Mr. Kitazawa's house.
(Mitsuhiko) Ayumi and I will ask around the market stalls.
(Mitsuhiko) -You won't be able to rectify it.
(Mitsuhiko) -Mmm...
Shut up, I know that for a fact.
- (Genta) Yours, Conan, got it!
-Mmm...
Aaaah...!
- (Genta) Excuse me.
- (both) Eh?
We missed the frisbies.
Can we have it back, please?
-I'm so sorry!
-(Genta) Yeah, okay.
Don't worry, I've got it.
Come to the garden gate.
Excuse me about the frisbies, I'm so sorry.
Ah, gee, they play shogi!
Mm-hm.
Ah, it's a good game...
Ha-ha-ha!
Starting tomorrow.
From what time do you play?
Apa, god-ha-ha-do.
We've been playing for ten years,
and I've won 99 games and lost 99.
Today will decide who is the better player.
We have started this game at six o'clock in the morning
and we haven't stopped for a single moment.
Oh..., shut up!
You are about to lose.
I'm... I'm so sorry!
Don't interfere with the game.
(Woman) Yes, it was half past eight.
Mrs. Hirota had asked me to come at this time...
and when I arrived, she didn't move from her house.
And she told us that she has also arranged the garden?
Yes, and as she has a lot of plants,
I stayed until after twelve o'clock at night.
-Mm...
-Okay.
(Mitsuhiko) It turns out they have solid alibis.
(Mitsuhiko) - Accused in Shinpei of murder!
-What do we do now, Conan?
On second thought, it could also be...
that we started from the wrong assumptions.
Eh?
Wrong assumptions?
We have imagined that the poor grandmother had been murdered
when she had already returned from her daily walk with Matsunosuke.
-What do you mean, Conan? -What do you mean, Conan?
-What do you mean, Conan?
Grandma took the dog for a walk every day at the same hour
and followed the same itinerary.
That's why maybe...
Those who see her every day may have thought they had seen her,
but maybe it wasn't her!
(Man) Yes, the older woman in the beige jacket walking the dog, right?
This morning I saw it too.
Yes.
A little after eight o'clock.
Are you sure, it was this morning?
I always run into her when I walk my dog and we say hello.
Your dog... always marks this stick inside the corner.
But today she must have been in a hurry, I don't know,

because he pulled her on the leash so she wouldn't stop.
Yes, the lady who walks by every morning with the dog, right?
Yes, I saw that.
They had a good fight today.
"A good brawl"?
The dog always meets a cat in front of my store
and they fight like hell.
This morning it was even worse.
Lately she's been trying to hurry the dog past,
but today she didn't pay so much attention to him, and my God, what a racket!
From here it's exactly a quarter of an hour to her house.
And everyone says that this morning she passed by with the dog.
Well then... they haven't imagined it, have they?
Mmm... Eh?
Yes?
What do you want, boy?
Excuse me...
Have you seen an old woman who always walks her dog around here in the morning?
Oh, gee, the police asked me exactly the same thing a while ago.
Yes, I've seen him, I'm sure.
And did you notice if it was harder for her to make the dog believe today?
Did you notice anything?
If it was more difficult?
Well, now that you say it, yes, he did.
When he leaves the park, he always turns to the left.
But, this morning, he had to pull her really hard,
because he wanted to go to the left and she made him go to the right.
So he went to the right?
(Ayumi) Where are we going, Conan?
We have taken a route that she never takes!
We won't find any witnesses, this way.
(Dog: whoa)
(Dog: whoa)
Th-this is the...
- (all) Huh?
- (man) Oh, hey, guys.
Looking for eyewitnesses for the case, though?
(all) Huh?
Ah, it's the guy from before!
It's just that without the dog I hadn't met her.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh! Sure. I know what happened."
"Everyone's been mistaken."
"The witnesses... and the murderer too."
"And now the murderer must return at all costs...
to take away a vital piece of evidence."
Good evening!
And you?
What are you doing here at this hour?
Well, look, we have discovered the identity of the murderer...
who killed the Kanae tomorrow.
What's that?
We know it was you.
We've come to the conclusion
that Kanae died before eight o'clock this morning,
when she had just finished preparing the breakfast she had bought.
After killing her by stabbing her with the knife,
he threw the container of the prepared food in the garbage
and put the coat she had picked up at the dry cleaners.
And he set the whole thing up to make it look as though
that he had been killed coming back from walking the dog.
Then she put Shinpei's scarf, which she had already had ready,
at the entrance of the house, next to the door,
he disguised himself as Kanae
and took Matsunosuke for the morning walk.
It has made all of eyewitnesses to believe
that Kanae surrounded with in Matsunosuke,
and thus you created your own alibi.
Evidently, the disguise was a bit clumsy,
anyone who had looked closely could have unmasked it.
But, as you have seen with Matsunosuke,
everyone fell into the trap.
The dog has stopped to mark the usual places
and fought with the usual cat.
Therefore, everyone thought that you were the grandmother....
who was walking in Matsunosuke.
But when you came out of the park, you turned to the right,
unlike Shinpei's grandmother, who always turned to the left.
But you didn't know that,
and followed a different route from Kanae's
in order to complete her alibi.
When you left the park,
you turned right and went home with Matsunosuke.
But first she met the person she had arranged to meet to complete her alibi.
to complete his alibi.
Stop the car!
What about the dog?
What about Matsunosuke?
He found her sleeping in her kennel, right?
The murderer could not have taken it.
It was another dog.
The murderer has drugged a dog very similar to en Matsunosuke
to keep it there ready, asleep,
when someone arrived at Grandma's house.
This means that the killer has a dog that looks a lot like Matsunosuke.
And you told us before that you had one of Matsunosuke's brothers,
and that they were close, like two peas in a pod.
So, she can only be the murderer..., Mrs. Hirota.
(All) Eh?
Conan!
Thank goodness you came!
They must help me.
These children are just talking nonsense and accusing me unjustly!
We have come because Mouri has called us
and asked us to come.

Kogoro has a very urgent matter to attend to
and he has asked us to come
to explain to him that this woman is the assassin we are looking for.
Understood.
And I imagine you have proof of what you say.
Ah!
Exactly, proof.
Show some proof of what you say!
Oh!
The main proof is right next to you.
The dog he's tied up is not his.
It's the real Matsunosuke.
No, it isn't.
You're wrong!
Is this true, Mrs. Hirota?
What I'm carrying is my dog.
In Matsunosuke is tied to the kennel.
Hey, Matsunosuke!
Catch it!
(Both) Oh!
(Both) Hurray!
Mrs. Hirota...
Egur you think we found out the truth because of this dog, don't you?
But that's how it went, geez!
If this stupid dog hadn't jumped in and grabbed the frisbies...!
He's wrong.
After killing Kanae, he threw the breakfast container...
and put on the jacket that she had gone to the dry cleaners to get.
And then he put it all back together because it looked like
that he had been killed on his way back from walking the dog.
This was the biggest mistake she ever made.
Kanae always had breakfast coming back from taking the dog out, it was a habit.
Eh?
Therefore, if she had been killed right after she got home...,
the breakfast container shouldn't have been
under the dry-cleaning plastic.
And if he had been killed after breakfast,
it was very odd that he was still wearing his dog-walking jacket.
In other words, everything was out of place at the scene of the crime?
that you had set up so poorly.
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
I'm so glad we ended up finding the real killer.
In Shinpei she can teach us how to play frisbies again, like before.
Yes, that's great!
I'm so excited!
And you got your sweatshirt back, all cleaned and ironed.
Yes!
How nice!
I don't have the stains of Matsunosuke's paws, fantastic... Oh! (All three) Oh...
(All three) Oh...!
Ouch!
I feel so bad, Conan!
I'm going to take it to the cleaners.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Anyway, let it be..."
Here, Mr. Mouri.
Take this, it'll do you good.
In the end you don't know what's real and what's not,
and you end up hanging yourself by the neck, just like he did.
No-no... it doesn't move!
It's like he's dead!
Actually..., he's really dead.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"At Kogoro the Bar (Part One)".

