(Horns: traffic rumor)
(Jazz)
(Kogoro) "I'm at Kogoro Mouri, detective."
"Yes, my job is to look for the mistakes of others."
"In order to soothe the wounds that this job causes our hearts,
most of us detectives have a bar that we frequent often."
Ha-ha-ha!
"This noisy locale where young men play pool and darts.
"It's not a bar like the ones I like,
"But since the serving girl is my client,
I'm forced to be there."
Here, Mr. Mouri.
Take this, it'll do you good.
"Her name is Yuzuki Fukui, she's 26 years old and she's the waitress of this bar."
"I'm sure she likes me."
"The proof is that she just invited me."
"She served me this light green cocktail, a Gimlet."
"I'm sure he thinks of me as a kind of Philip Marlowe,
the great detective."
Oh!
What is this?
Is it green tea?
I just thought if he got drunk, he wouldn't work.
Oh, right.
"Well, it's all the same. Let's get back to it."
"I'm Kogoro Mouri, detective."
"Here I am, in this bar where my client runs the bar."
"While I work, I let my heart
follow the rhythm of the jazz music playing in the background."
"This voice sounds familiar."
Hello, Mr. Mouri.
What are you doing here?
Don't you know you can't come and bother me?
La Ran sent for me to tell you that dinner is already on the table
and to hurry up, it's getting cold.
I don't want to be disturbed while I'm working.
La Ran has already told me that she would say this, but that she would actually be drinking.
Bullshit!
Tell her I'm investigating a very difficult case.
Y-yes, yes.
Let's see, what's up?
Do you believe me now?
When I'm working I feel strange noises.
It's a noise similar to the one you make when you open a bottle of champagne.
A noise similar to the one you make when you open a bottle of champagne?
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
(Kogoro) "The light of reason can pierce through shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"In the bar El Loro Azul you play billiards and drink,
but you also kill."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"In Kogoro the bar (part one)"
(Pop!)
-It's a noise like this.
-Oysters.
Such is the noise of a bottle of champagne when it's opened and that's it.
But all the times I've felt it,
I haven't served champagne to any customer, it's very rare.
Maybe it's that someone was carrying a bottle from outside, it could also be.
And wine bottles also have cork stoppers.
This possibility occurred to me as well....
and that's why I've been watching all the customers closely,
but whenever I felt it, there was no one drinking champagne or wine.
And after I heard the noise of the bottle,
I always heard the sound of something falling.
"At closing time, each time I've looked to see if I could see a stopper on the ground,
but I never found it."
-A strange smell?
-Yes, there is a strange smell.
Don't tell me this smell is from something dangerous,
like gunpowder.
No, no.
The smell I feel reminds me of yuzu.
Does it taste like that sour fruit?
As I call myself Yuzuki,
I always remember the smell of yuzu and the taste it has.
I feel strange to feel it here, because the bar never use yuzu.
Since everything is so strange, I had it come.
Maybe some customer had spilled a drink that had a similar smell to that of yuzu.
that had a similar smell to yuzu.
It could be a Gimlet, which has lime juice in it,
or a White Lady, for example, or something else.
But I've always identified it with the aroma of yuzu.
Have you felt it several times, this noise?

Two or three times on different days.
And today there is a customer who was also there, the other times?
Well, yes, that group sitting at the table in the back.
Those who take a picture.
Come on, a smile.
That's nice.
Oh.
Mr. Usuda, the reel of the camera is finished.
(Usuda) Don't worry, it's okay.
I'm sure Mika has some on him.
I asked him to go shopping today myself.
(Usuda) - Hey... Yes.
-You did?
-Thank you.
-Here you are, Monpei, a reel.
But, Mr. Usuda,
how come you still use an analog camera in the 21st century?
I don't like digital cameras, I don't like them... nothing.
Do you remember that guy in our department?
The one who was always talking about digital cameras
and who was no good at all for the job.
-Yes, in Yoshikuwa.
-You mean in Yoshikuwa? -You mean in Yoshikuwa?
If you become obsessed with the digital world like him, hip,
eventually you don't know what's real and what's not real
and you end up hanging yourself by the neck, just like he did, hip.
Come to think of it, it seems to me that you had a very special relationship,
with Yoshikuwa, didn't you, Mika?
Now that you don't have a boyfriend, if you need a little fun,
you know I'm here for you.
Yes, but it's not necessary.
Thank you, Mika.
Come on, woman, come on, don't be a little tight.
Don't worry, this will stay between you and me.
-What do you want, Kensaku?
- (Kensaku) Mr. Usuda.
Look, I bought the billiard cue you asked for.
It's a professional model with real ebony,
but I found it at a very good price.
Oh, how nice!
Thank you very much, Kensaku.
It's a very thoughtful birthday gift.
What does it say?
A-a present?
Man, if it's my birthday, I deserve a present.
-Huh?
Y-yes.
-Or don't you?
I've also fulfilled the order you gave me, Mr. Usuda.
I bought some darts and had them personalized,
just as you asked me to.
Look.
I had a hard time finding a dart with a steel tip.
They all have plastic ones.
Well, well, well.
You have shown me that you are very efficient people.
Naturally, I decided that I would give them as a birthday present.
Monpei,
do you know why I ordered these special darts from you?
-Well, look at this.
-N-no.
No?
Aah!
If the darts had plastic tips,
you wouldn't have been so scared.
Ha-ha-ha!
That's nice!
The pool table is now free.
Kensaku, since you wanted to give me such a good cue,
he could try some, couldn't he?
(Clears his throat)
Hey, kid, go home right now.
Tell Ran that I won't be able to go home until very late today
because I have to solve a very difficult case.
Yuzuki, pretty girl, won't you make me another Gimlet?
What?
But if he drinks, he'll be able to do his job?
(Kogoro) So much so.
What a question!
"I'm not responsible for what might happen."
Come on, Mr. Mouri, let's go back home, come on.
La Ran was very angry.
Shut up at once and go away.
Don't bother me anymore.
Can't you see I'm working, you bore?
"I only see that you don't stop drinking."
Now, come on, dear Yuzuki, another Gimlet, please.
No.
Now you should concentrate on the case, please.
I'm interested in you solving it so I'll post the solution to my blog.
Ha-ha!
Well, don't worry, I'll tell you right away, the solution.
"What does it say?
What does it say?
Does it really say it?
When you have a case, the first thing you have to do is to baptize it,
and I already know how I'll say.
Oh, you do?
And how do you plan to say, let's see?
Uh-huh.
"The case of the champagne killer."
"Killer"?
Murderer, because champagne goes bam!
Champagne goes bam!
Oh, that's good!
Ha-ha-ha!
"It goes well fart."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Wow, you.
Mr. Usuda has slept.
Oh... He can't drink and wants to pretend he can.
How stupid he can be!
When I think that this pool cue has cost me 100,000 yen.
Well, for me, buying the darts and having them customized...
cost me 60,000.
You were lucky.
You only had to buy 5 or 6 reels.
But you don't know everything;
He asked me for his birthday...
to buy him a poster of a singer at an internet auction.

What a face!
He only knows how to order, this man.
With the autograph and all, it cost me 30,000 yen.
Wow.
Can I see it?
Yes, but be very careful, if it gets dirty I'll kill them.
Yes, I'll keep an eye on it.
Oysters!
It's from Yoko Okino.
We could order something else, before you leave.
I agree.
You spent your time preparing the drinks and didn't drink too much.
That's true.
I have a feeling that I just crushed ice with it.
Why don't we order another bottle of the same champagne?
Good thinking.
It was a very good champagne.
How do you like it?
It's very good.
Hey, bring champagne, please!
-And three glasses, too.
-Now.
Hey.
I think that man sitting at the bar is Kogoro Mouri.
What do you say now?
That famous detective?
(Thinking) "Hm? I think I'm being watched."
A photo, a photo.
You mean it's not someone who looks like him?
Surely, because the real one must not drink that much.
Heh, heh...
Hmmm!
It's always hard for me, opening these bottles.
Hey, hey, don't point it at me.
Open it, please.
When you have to use force, it's better to resort to Monpei.
Yeah, yeah, I'll open it myself.
Oh.
Coi plug.
It's hard, this one!
Hey, you're pointing this way.
It's very strong.
Ah!
Eh?
Watch out, you're wetting the poster!
-That spills all over!
Wow.
The noises of the other times were just like this one.
Champagne stopper noises, of course.
Look how the poster is now: soaked.
-Please take 3 wipes.
-I'm so sorry.
(Yuzuki) Yes.
(Pam)
- (Pam)
- (Pam)
And when they burst the plastic bags of the wipes,
didn't they make a noise similar to the one you felt?
Mm... I don't know,
I would say it was more like the noise of the champagne bottle.
Look: you also splashed Mr. Usuda.
Oh, my goodness.
Hm?
What's this?
Have you noticed, he has a little red dot on the back of his neck?
- (Monpei) Wow, you!
(Monpei) - It's true.
I think that-that... he's not breathing.
No, it can't be!
Wake up!
Wake up!
(Mika) Huh?
(Mika) Ah!
Mr. Usuda!
- (Mika) What happened to you?
-(Mika) Huh?
Eh, what's wrong?
I-It won't move.
It's like he's dead.
What's he saying?
No, it's not like he's dead.
Actually, he's really dead.
"I am Kogoro Mouri, detective."
"Today I have been requested by a woman named Yuzuki Fukui,
"who is in love with me and who is the waitress at this bar,
"But now matters of the heart will have to wait,
because there's been a murder."
Until we have done the autopsy we cannot say for sure,
but it appears to be death by drowning caused by poison.
By what?
By poison?
Yes, I say so because I see this wound on the back of the neck,
which looks like it was made by some kind of awl
that must have been dipped in poison.
It's very strange, because if she was wounded with a sharp object,
she should have called.
(Kogoro) I would say that the victim has died in her sleep.
(Kogoro) What?
I say so because it seems to me that he was well drunk.
To serve you, Inspector.
Again, Kogoro?
Don't tell me you've witnessed a case by chance.
He-he!
Yes, by chance, as usual.
"For detectives, confidentiality is sacred."
"Whatever happens, we can't reveal any details about our clients."
"I can't say that the Yuzuki has hired me to solve a case,
because then Megure would be suspicious of her."
"I stake my prestige as a detective."
-What?
-She came because I hired her.
I want Mr. Mouri to solve a mystery for me.
What mystery?
These last few days, while I was working, I heard a noise.
It was as if someone was opening a bottle of champagne.
What was it?
But the thing is that every time I felt it,
there was no customer opening a bottle.
And, besides, at closing time, when I sweep the bar, when I sweep,
I've never found any champagne cork on the ground.
And when I feel the noise, I also smell yuzu.
How much do you charge to investigate a case like this?

He told me that he would forgive me the debt I owe here.
By the way, remember to pay me for all the drinks I have served you.
What?
Really?
Let's see, maybe we start the investigation at once.
These 3 people were with the victim?
(Kogoro) Yes.
I took the liberty of asking questions before you arrived.
Starting from the right, we have the Mika Kishiura, age 30;
on Kensaku Hatsumura, 31;
and Monpei Kogure, 28.
I have been told that all three work at the same company with the victim.
He was called Chikafumi Usuda and was his department head.
It seems they were celebrating his birthday.
Ah.
All right, that makes me think that one of you three had a grudge...
for some reason with your department head
and murdered her by poisoning them himself.
But-what did he think!?
Hey, we came here to celebrate her birthday.
We didn't poison her.
Well, your behavior seemed very suspicious to me.
When they saw that there was a detective, they didn't stop looking at me.
We did look at him, because we found that he looked like Sleeping Kogoro.
We didn't know it was the real thing.
And above all, we had no reason to kill our head.
But instead, from what I heard them say....
when they thought his head had fallen asleep,
they were angry with him
because he was forcing them to buy expensive gifts for his birthday.
I-and how did you hear all this?
Man, because I have ears.
And I also heard that a guy named Yoshikuwa,
who worked at your company, committed suicide a while back.
And that the department head despised him, this man.
One had a special relationship with you.
Yes, that's true.
Is this true?
It is also true that in Hatsumura was a classmate of yours in the university
and that Mr. Kogure entered the company at the same time as him.
Do you think we should have been able to play pool and darts...
with a person we wanted to kill?
Played with the victim?
Yes, before he finished getting drunk,
they each played with him for a while.
Is it true that these three people
were playing with Mr. Usuda?
You have been back and forth several times and you have not seen him but they were playing.
This man was quite confrontational.
Here we have a board that is only good for soft-tipped darts,
but he wanted to use the ones he was given as a gift
and so he got into a fight with other customers.
"The other three stepped in and calmed everyone's tempers."
It seemed to me that they made him sit down at the table
to wait for him to sober up a bit.
And then what happened?
They continued playing pool and darts for a while.
"I think what he won he continued to play."
This means that while the other two were playing,
each of them was sitting with the department head for a while.
Bottom line,
all three have had the opportunity to be alone with the victim
when he was almost unconscious due to alcohol.
For starters, the records and we'll go through everything you have here.
Oh.
A pool cue.
And, also, I'd say it must be an expensive one.
Yeah, it was worth 160,000 yen,
but they let me have it for 100,000 and I bought it.
Just as this clever boy said,
Mr. Usuda was in the habit of asking us
us to buy him some very expensive presents for his birthday.
Naturally, that made me very angry,
but don't think that was reason enough to want to kill.
Yes, but if I had stuck a poisoned needle in the tip of the cue, I would have been able to stick it in the neck,
I could have stuck it in the back of his head even from a good distance.
What?
If I had made such an obvious maneuver, someone would have noticed.
I didn't do it, did I, what he says?
He is right;
when they have calmed down his head and left it on the table,
he immediately put the cue in the case.
What's in here?
It's the darts, isn't it?
They're what caused Mr. Usuda's fight with other customers.
Usuda's fight with other customers.
But don't think that I bought them to cause this fight.
I bought them because Mr. Usuda wanted me to buy him some real darts.
When my grandfather died,
he gave me an antique dart board and gave it to Mr. Usuda,

but he told me he wanted some darts of the same category.
Know that I don't play darts.
I don't like it.
I noticed that when your boss pointed the dart at him, he got scared.
Eh?
Aah!
That's-that's right, when he pointed the dart at me, I got scared.
I suspect that he put poison on the tip of the darts
and threw one into the back of his head.
I told him that I never play darts.
Therefore, I have no aim.
Besides, instead of throwing the dart from far away, it would have been easier and safer to stick it in the back of his head,
it would have been easier and safer to dart at close range.
It is true.
Why don't you have the tip of the darts tested for poison?
Of course we will, Mr. Kogure.
I see you only have a few rolls of camera film
and a poster of a singer.
Compared to those of your colleagues,
your gifts are very cheap.
This poster has an autograph on it and cost me 30,000 yen.
As I was dry next to Mr. Usuda's table
and he kept insisting that he wanted the poster, I decided to buy it from him to shut him up,
I decided to buy it from him to shut him up.
"Hm... The wet part of the poster smells. It's funny."
"What is it? Yuzu!"
What?
What's that?
Oysters.
It's from Yoko Okino.
"He's noticed it too."
How strong!
And he's wearing a bikini and a cowboy hat!
He's soaking wet, he's a mess.
"Oh my God..."
"It's getting worse and worse."
They have destroyed this work of art!
When Monpei opened the champagne, it spilled and splashed all over.
Caram.
I see you've used up a few reels of photos in a row, haven't you?
He liked the photos a lot, Mr. Usuda?
Yes, he liked to have them to post on his blog.
But, in reality,
we were the ones who chose them and posted them on the Internet.
He didn't master the digital world at all.
And, on the other hand, he made it look like he did.
That's why he had the blog.
Yes, but, fortunately, now we will no longer have to do this work.
In that, at least, we will have won.
Don't think this is a good enough reason to kill him, eh?
He-he.
By the way, who was pouring the drinks and carving the ice?
I did.
The only thing I didn't do was open the champagne.
Oh, that's good.
Have the lab guys analyze this.
Both this ice pick and the dart tips are suspect.
From the shape of the wound, they may have been the murder weapon.
"I am Kogoro Mouri, detective."
"It seems that my spirit as a detective will make me face
"A new tragedy in this bar
that was supposed to be a place to take refuge and seek solace."
"Rather, the way we're going,
I'm looking at another sleepless night."
Fui ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
No trace of poison in the two possible murder weapons?
So much so.
There is no murder weapon.
Reminds me of the pickpocket case we had the other day.
It's funny.
"But what was she doing, the clay, stuck there? I don't understand."
The culprits are those men who have argued with the victim.
"It can't be."
"Don't miss the next episode: 'In Kogoro the bar (part two)'."

