Soc Kogoro Mouri,
detective.
Just as in the sea you will always find fish....,
where there has been a crime, you will always find me.
"It all started with an assignment I was given by a barmaid."
"Her name is Yuzuki Fukui and she's in love with me."
"I went to the bar where she works
to investigate the case that has her so worried."
"It turns out that, lately, some days, when she works," he says,
"She hears a noise like a champagne cork popping,
"And then always being a smell
that reminds her of yuzu, a citrus fruit."
"While I was breaking my horns
"To solve this amazing case,
"Suddenly, a group sitting at a table realized...
that one of them had been murdered."
"The victim's name is Chikafumi Usuda and she is 51 years old."
"He is a department head of a company. He was poisoned to death."
"Everything seems to indicate
"that the culprit has used some kind of awl smeared with poison
"and slyly thrust it into the back of the victim's head."
"The suspects are 3 of the deceased's work colleagues
who were celebrating his birthday at this bar."
"The first is in Kensaku Hatsumura, 31 years old,
"whom the victim asked
to give him a pool cue for his birthday."
The second is on Monpei Kogure, 28,
who had to buy her some darts."
"And the third is the 30-year-old Mika Kishiura,
"who had to buy him a poster of Yoko Okino
with an autograph and a bunch of photo reels."
"But suspicions are mostly focused on Monpei Kogure,
"who has taken to darts,
"And on Mika Kishiura, who used an ice-crusher...
to prepare the drinks of others."
In short, I can see that I will not be able to go to sleep today,
if I have to solve this case.
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
(Kogoro) "The light of reason can pierce through shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"In an exhibition of deductive abilities,
Conan discovers the trick of the hidden weapon."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"In Kogoro the bar (part two)"
What do you say?
No trace of poison in the two possible murder weapons?
Neither in the darts nor in the ice pick?
No.
According to the coroner's report,
there was no evidence of poison, nor did he find any traces of blood.
I assume you've already had all 3 suspects searched, right?
Yes.
And none of the three of them were carrying any vials of liquid poison
or sachets of preparation substances.
So much for that.
No murder weapon.
It's very strange.
Reminds me of the pickpocket case we had the other day.
Ah, speaking of the pickpocket case,
have you explained to her, on the Jodie, what happened?
No, the Jodie is not one of ours.
Yes, that's true, but...
I'd rather not explain it to her.
Hey, Takagi... What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Ah...
No, it's just that...
Say-hello.
Takagi.
Please search the bar again.
Yes, right away.
(Thinks) "I'd like to know what they were talking about, in Megure and Takagi."
"The only thing I found strange in the pickpocketing case
was that pregnant woman."
"Mm? Eh?"
"What's that?"
Eh?
Miss Yuzuki.
Ah.
Tell me, Conan.
What's that thing hanging there on the ceiling?
Ah.
It's a piece of banner.
Yes.
A piece of banner?
There was a banner hanging with a thumbtack.
and when I stretched it to tear it off, it tore.
It was hung by some people who rented the bar
for a private party last week.
As the ceiling is quite dark and you can't see much, I thought I would leave it up for now,
I thought I would leave it up for now,

but you can see it, can't you?
It's just that when I talk to the big guys I have to look up and I see everything.
Of course you do.
It's all very well for you to look up,
but remember that there are things below ground too, little detective.
Look up.
Eh?
Mr. Mouri's alone looks like he's got gum stuck to it.
Oh.
I don't think he had it,
when he went over to check if Mr. Usuda was dead.
When did he step on it?
What, Kogoro, did you find something, over here?
Don't move!
No, I didn't.
I haven't seen anything.
Mr. Mouri, I think you stepped on a test.
Come on!
What's that?
Takagi, come on, take it off.
Oh.
Yes.
That's funny.
It's not gum, huh.
I'd say it's more like clay.
Also, it looks like there's something engraved in it.
What's that?
Looks like the negative of the letters E, P, D and H.
They look pretty good.
And on top of that you can see a little round one sticking out.
"If the letters E, P, D and H are upside down,
it means the original was H, D, P and E, 'high-density polyethylene'."
"It's a plastic!"
"And if there's a little round one coming out now,
it means that in the original, the little round one was on the inside."
So, the clay would be....
stuck to the butt of some plastic thing."
"But what was it doing, the clay, stuck there? I don't get it."
Mm?
(Yuzuki) Wow.
If this hadn't happened,
I would have closed the bar by now
and I'd be taking a bubble bath while humming some song.
"A bubble bath? I see what happened."
"The murder weapon is not missing."
"The culprit used a trick
"To keep this mysterious weapon
out of sight of adults."
(Kogoro) I've got it, Inspector.
I've got it.
I know who the culprits of Mr. Usuda's murder are.
Really, Kogoro?
(Kogoro) What?
Yes.
The culprits are those men who argued with the victim.
I'm talking about the argument they had because of the darts.
And they've already left the bar a while ago
and took the murder weapon with them.
That's what explains why there's no way to find it now.
-Mm-hm.
-Mm-hm.
(Kogoro voice) This is what they must think, right?
Well, it hasn't been.
(Kogoro voice) What?
Now I really don't follow you at all, Kogoro.
No, no, no.
I'm just saying...
(thinks) "Here we are. My other self."
"We detectives always have another self inside
"that is capable of objectively analyzing
our own deductions."
"It's very practical and very useful."
"But I have the misfortune
that my self always comes out at the most inopportune moment."
"And it seems to me that the inspector and the others feel it too."
"It's as if I'm talking out loud."
"I have the feeling that I'm not in control of anything."
"It's as if a superior force has taken over my body."
"Ouch, ouch. I can't help it."
"Besides, when that happens to me, I always have pain in the back of my neck afterwards."
Ouch!
"That's it: that's what I was saying."
"An unbearable sleepiness begins to come over me
and I can't do anything to avoid it."
"It's the price I have to pay
to make all the brain cells work at full capacity."
(From afar) What's wrong with you, Kogoro?
(Kogoro) "Lately this drowsiness is starting to grow on me."
"It must be because..."
(Yuzuki) Mr. Mouri.
Mr. Mouri.
Mr. Mouri.
Mr. Mouri, are you asleep or awake?
Look, everyone has already left.
And the case?
What is it?
But what s'empatolla, now?
Just a moment ago he gave us an exhibition of the great Sleeping Kogoro.
"Wow. It's happened again: when I wake up, the case is already solved."
"Sure, like, when I guess the solution to the case....
"And I tell it all to the police and spend all the strength I have left,
then I don't remember anything."
Ah, yes: the culprits are those who have argued with the victim.
What?
But you said they couldn't be
because the weapon and the poison required preparation
and, instead, that discussion had been spontaneous.
Ah, yes, that's true.
I already know the solution.
You don't need to say it:
the culprit is one of the three who worked with him.
-But how can it be, let's see?
-Huh?
Yes.

It is true that they had some objects that could have been used as a weapon,
but they found no traces of blood or poison.
Hey, you're not feeling well?
You don't see it clearly either, this explanation, do you?
Ah, of course: you're asking me because you want to see if I understood your deduction.
-Yes, of course.
-Right, didn't I, that I understood?
In the end it's all clear to me.
It took me a while, but I understood everything, right?
But I never imagined
that the murderer could hide the gun in such an ingenious way.
"What? How?"
The experiment that you and Conan have done
has helped me a lot to understand it.
You asked Agent Takagi
to go and buy a reel to use the container,
he opened it and filled it more than halfway with water.
He then broke an effervescent tablet for making bubble baths
which Agent Takagi had also gone to buy
and threw it into the water.
He then put the lid on the roller container
and turned it upside down, with the lid next to the table,
and after waiting two or three minutes...
-Oh!
- (Kogoro voice) You see what's going on.
This is some kind of homemade rocket.
The effervescent tablet for making bubble baths
causes the container to fill with carbon dioxide gas,
"And as this increases the pressure inside the roller canister,
it eventually pops open and shoots up like a rocket."
Oh.
And the smell of yuzu?
Well, the killer must have used
a pill to make yuzu-scented bubble baths.
And why did he feel the champagne cork noise on the other days?
The culprit wanted to run a few tests
to see if the murder weapon attached to the bottom of the container
would stick in the roof of the bar after it went off.
The a... the murder weapon was attached?
Didn't we say it was some kind of ice pick?
An ice picker is too heavy and couldn't fly.
You're right, but the steel tips of the darts are removable...
and they weigh about 18 grams.
Surely they can be made to fly this way.
The assassin has stuck some clay on the butt of the roller container
and stuck the tip of a dart in it.
In addition, he has used a rolled up poster to orient it well,
as if it were a cannon.
This way, even if the dart is deflected a little when it shoots out,
it's sure to hit the roof of the bar.
Am I wrong or am I right, so far?
And we all know that the one who bought the darts
to give to the victim
was Monpei Kogure.
Mr. Kogure,
you could have dipped the tip of one of the darts in poison at your house
and put it back in the box.
And the trick of using the poster to cast the reel.
"It also points to you, because you're the one who was sitting closest."
I imagine, when the victim was no longer holding straight,
"He has expressly lost when he was playing pool or darts
so as not to have to play anymore."
"And then, when he was alone with the victim,
"pretending to cover him up with some jacket,
he took the poisoned dart and plunged it into the back of his head."
"Then he pulled out the tip of the dart dirty with blood and poison,
"He replaced it with a clean one that he had already brought from home,
and stuck it with clay in the ass of the roller container."
Surely he has hidden the reel with the tip of the dart in his clothes
and found a way to distract the others in order to prepare the rocket
and put it on the table hidden inside the rolled up poster.
Yes, that's why he made them look towards the bar....
with the excuse that there was a famous detective.
But first he asked them to bring another bottle of champagne, of course.
Yes, that's true.
Why don't we order another bottle of the same champagne?
Good thinking.
It was a very good champagne.
What do you think of it?
It's very good.
Hey, bring champagne, please.
-And 3 glasses, too.
-Now.
Hey.
I think that man sitting at the bar is Kogoro Mouri.
What are you talking about?
That famous detective?
"I think I'm being watched."
A photo, a photo.
You mean it's not someone who looks like him?
Surely, because the real one must not drink so much.
And, finally, he's made the champagne cork...
come out at the same time as the rocket.
Oh.
Coi of stopper.
It's a tough one, this one!
Hey, you're pointing this way!

It is that very strong.
"As he made sure that the champagne spilled and splashed all over,"
once the rocket had shot off, he was able to dry up what was left of the effervescent tablet
of the effervescent tablet along with the champagne.
And, if you want to check it out, smell the wet part of the poster.
You'll notice it smells like yuzu.
It does.
Now, it seems to me that the one who bought the poster...
was Mrs. Kishiura.
It seems that the victim had already asked for it several times.
Anyway, in case she hadn't bought the poster from him..,
I'm sure Mr. Kogure had another one ready.
Since he knew the victim,
Mr. Kogure already knew that if he gave her a dart board,
then he would ask him to give him some darts.
And as for the other necessary item, the roller container,
he also knew
that, since he was always asking for analog photos to be taken,
today he would also have these containers at his fingertips.
But what will clear everything up for us is what's on the ceiling.
It is the murder weapon, which has been nailed to the ceiling.
Mr. Kogure, who bought the darts,
is the only one who could have made the switch from one end to the other.
Yes, but there is something that doesn't quite add up:
Why is only the tip of the dart on the roof?
If the spool container and the clay have fallen, where did they go?
That's a very accurate observation,
but remember that at the time
"Everyone was nervous because the poster had been stained with champagne."
If anyone saw the container on the floor, they didn't find it strange:
He has thought that it had fallen when they were drying the champagne on the board.
"When it had stung on the floor,
"The clay with which the tip of the dart was glued came off.
and I stepped on it."
"In the clay has been marked the negative of the letters HDPE,
which is what is usually engraved on the bottom of all reel containers."
Yeah, but what did you do,
the pieces of effervescent tablet on the table?
He probably sneaked them into the beer he was drinking.
The pieces of tablet have melted immediately
and the foam was concealed.
Yes, it would have been a perfect crime,
but thanks to the intervention of the Sleeping Kogoro,
this whole great plan has melted away like foam.
-Yes, but you said it yourself.
-Good golly, good golly.
What a great line!
Ah... The inspector already said it:
"After you solve a case, you don't remember anything."
and it's true.
Ah, that means that he must not remember either...
that the murderer's motive
was to avenge the death of a colleague who committed suicide
because the head of the department mistreated him as much as he could.
Oh, really?
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
Hard to believe he did so well.
"Hey, wait a minute."
"How come I don't remember anything?"
"Maybe the one I thought was my other self.
"The one that's asleep in my subconscious,
is really me!"
"I get it."
"I operate in power-saving mode
so that I have more capabilities when I play Sleeping Kogoro."
"Well, if that's the case,
everything is just fine and there's nothing to worry about."
Now I'm thinking about Conan.
Do you think he's okay?
Huh?
Wow.
Where's the guy with the glasses?
He went home and left me here?
Yeah, I saw him talking to Agent Takagi...
and then he turned pale and ran away.
I don't know what they were supposed to talk about.
I heard that they were saying something about a pickpocket case.
You can count!
It must be nonsense.
Agent Takagi must have told him they were making a movie about pickpockets
and went home.
What's that?
Why did he go home?
Because he was afraid his wallet would be stolen.
Ha-ha-ha!
How good I am!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh.
How funny!
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
"Was something going on with the pickpocket victim?"
Yes.

Don't you remember?
There was something wrong with Tohei Benzaki,
who was one of the victims.
You mean that man
who was taken hostage along with Jodie
when there was that bank robbery, right?
Yes, that one.
If you remember, Jodie explained that his wife,
who arrived later,
taped her eyes and mouth shut.
But it turns out that the robber had ordered the people
that the tape was to be put on the unaccompanied people,
because he didn't want them to treat his relatives too well.
All right, now it's the turn of those of you who don't know anyone and have come alone.
Get off your ass.
Step up and come and take this adhesive tape.
Use this to blindfold, gag...
and tie the hands behind the back of everyone you know who knows someone
or has been accompanied.
Only a stranger will bind them properly.
You have.
Obviously, we'll do the same to you when I'm done.
Excuse me.
I have to put it on.
If it's true that your husband, in Tohei Benzaki,
was also a hostage in that robbery,
there's something that doesn't quite add up.
I would find it very strange that a pregnant woman like her
would be willing to take the risk of angering an armed robber.
And after that, have you tried to get in touch?
Yes..., I've been to her house personally several times,
but every time I've asked him,
he's always told me that he had nothing to do
with the murder of a pickpocket.
Besides, this Mr. Benzaki is single.
But the most surprising thing
is that he says he knows nothing about any pregnant woman.
I have to admit that I have no idea what this is all about.
And I don't like it at all, that feeling.
"It can't be. It can't be."
Isn't nausea a symptom of the first months of pregnancy?
Well, because, as you said, I can't see very well.
That man next to her,
who had a burn scar on his face, was he your partner?
I saw him a couple or three days ago.
"It can't be."
"It can't be."
"Calm down, don't suffer, nothing will happen."
"Now that he's left alone with the Ran, he'll try to tie up and I'll take pictures of him."
Anyone could have committed this crime.
No.
"Don't miss the next episode:
La Ran also faints in the sink (part one)."

