(Shinichi, think) "That couple was suspicious."
"If they were at Bourbon and the Vermouth
and they sensed the conversation I had with Jodie..."
"I-I don't know, but I must hurry to talk to Ay to confirm it."
"What an ass! Why didn't I realize it right away?"
If it is true that her husband, in Tohei Benzaki,
was also a hostage in that heist...,
there's something that doesn't quite add up.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How could I have made a mistake like this?"
"A mistake?"
"What if it was a trap?!"
(Ai) Say.
Do you want to know if I've noticed his presence, lately?
(Shinichi voice) "How could you notice when you had them on the edge..."
Well, I haven't noticed, but I haven't noticed much, really.
Besides, you told me yourself that they thought she was dead.
(Shinichi voice) "Alright, well then, nothing."
"What do you mean? That now they've found out that I'm not dead ?!"
Don't worry, I was just asking to make sure.
Sorry for calling so late.
(Shinichi, think) "Calm down, don't lose your cool. Calm down..."
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"While assisting the Masumi in an investigation,
Ran loses consciousness."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
(Conan voice) "La Ran also faints in the washroom (Part One)."
Hey, Conan...
Hey, Conan...
Don't sit me down, Conan?!
What's wrong with you, man?
What do you want?
No parents to look here and there all the time.
Calm down, there's nothing wrong with me.
Have you seen someone suspicious, or what's up?
No?
Are you sure?
Don't suffer, really.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow, you!"
"Since yesterday, all the time I have the feeling that someone is waiting for me."
"I've already told the Jodie I suspect.
"That that couple were the Men in Black,
but I don't know what else I can do."
"My goodness. If I've been found out, what can happen?"
"Don't worry, don't worry... nothing will happen."
Eh?
You're not feeling well?
Mm, aaa...
Do you have a fever?
You feel a lot, eh.
Listen, even though we're meeting my mother...
to go eat in Chinatown,
if you don't feel well, we're leaving.
No, there's nothing wrong with me.
I was thinking about something.
Oh, you were?
What is it?
I have some very difficult homework and I don't know how I'm going to do it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "A picture?"
"It's not my imagination, of course not: someone is watching me!"
"But who could it be? And why?"
"Again."
(Camera: shoot)
And I felt him closer.
"Where is he? Who's taking pictures of me?"
Hello, how are you?
And what are you doing, in a place like this?
I came to work.
Masumi, what are you doing here?
Do you know that girl whose name is Keiko Kita
and she's in the class next to ours?
Oh, you mean Kei?
She introduced me to her older sister,
and the sister gave me a job to do.
Look over there: it's the girl sitting on the couch.
Her name is Rumi Kita and she's a first-year student.
The one sitting next to her is called Kenia Settsu
and is also in college, but is a year older than her.
According to Keiko, they have been going together for about six months.
Rumi would like to introduce him to her parents as a formal boyfriend,
but they say he has a reputation as a womanizer,
and Rumi suspects that he hasn't finished with his old girlfriend.
Eh?
What?
She asked me to check it out.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow. Investigate a case of infidelity."
At the moment, it's not clear.
So, what did you find out?

I only know that, for now,
he still hasn't returned the key to his ex's apartment.
Precisely, the apartment is in this building.
Hey, Masumi, you mean you can explain all this to us?
I'm quite calm!
Luckily, you guys don't have big mouths.
By the way, what are you doing here in Kanagawa?
It's a long way from home.
My mother has a client who lives in this building
and she came to do I don't know what with him.
We agreed to have lunch with her when the work was done.
Oh!
(Mobile)
(Mobile)
Ah, it's the mother, she's calling me.
What, what are you saying?!
You really can not?
"Oh, I'm so hungry, I'm so hungry!"
I'm sorry, but the negotiations will take a little longer.
"If you're already hungry, go eat with Conan and you somewhere.
and we'll meet you in the lobby when it gets dark."
Agreed!
"Okay?"
We could go get takeout.
(Masumi) And why don't you go eat with that couple over there?
They plan to go to the restaurant the two of them and his ex.
But don't you play, or what?
We don't know them at all!
Oh!
To investigate?
It would be an incognito operation.
Sure, to help Keiko, woman.
What?
Really?!
Isn't your little sister coming to eat with us?
This girl can't make herself clear!
So much so that I had trouble reserving a table.
-She's had an unforeseen event.
-It's a very famous restaurant.
She had to go to help a friend who had a very serious problem.
Listen, would you like to go after my sister, now, or what?!
What are you saying now?
I invited her to help relax the atmosphere a little!
In case you don't remember,
we had a lunch date with Waka to improve the relationship a bit.
She and I haven't spoken to each other since we called it quits.
That's true.
And since she's also coming in Mitsuaki, it'll be a nice meal.
(Both) Eh?
Aaa... sorry.
If I'm not mistaken, you're Keiko's older sister, right?
Aaa... yes.
My name is Ran Mouri and last year I was in the same class as her.
Sometimes she had shown me pictures of her family,
and you were in them too, of course.
That's why I recognized you when I saw you.
-Huh?
What a coincidence!
-Oh, right!
I'll explain the plan Keiko and I came up with:
I was supposed to go to the restaurant with these two instead of her.
If it's true that this guy is as unfaithful as the rumors say,
he'd probably try to pick me up when she wasn't around.
But you are much prettier than me and all the guys like you more.
Why don't you go instead of me?
What?
If it turns out that she can't be trusted in Kenya,
I'm sure he'll take the bait and try to pick you up.
"All right, I'm willing to act as bait."
Mm?
Of course you are!
Oh..., Conan, we're both very hungry,
but we haven't decided where we're going to eat yet.
Ah, that's right.
(Shinichi, thinking) "How do you look, Ran."
Listen, why don't you come eat with us?
We'd just be one more person, and since he's a little boy....
Gran-thank you for the invitation.
(Shinichi, think) "He's bitten right away, this one."
(Masumi, thinks) "Bravo!"
Waka is very late.
It's way past twelve o'clock.
I don't know what happened to him.
Of course it's late.
We've been drinking until five in the morning.
-I'm sure he's still in bed.
Wow!
Hello, Mitsuaki.
Do you know if there's a toilet nearby?
-Well, I'm off.
So far.
-Yes, it's just past the elevator. -Yes, it's just past the elevator.
In the meantime, I'll go check on Waka.
Yes?
Hey, if you go on her floor..., can you give her this?
-Ah! -Ah!
-It's my password.
-Kenya...
-I don't need it anymore, she can keep it.
Oh!
Oh...
-I'm sorry.
Keep an eye on her, you dropped her.
(Masumi, thinks) "Now that he's left alone with the Ran...,
he'll try to tie up and I'll take pictures of him."
Hey, can I ask you a favor?
Why don't you join him at the Waka's apartment?
(Masumi, think) "Eh?"
Eh?
If Waka is still very drunk,
I'm afraid she'll throw herself at Rumi.
It's true.
Because I don't know if she's already forgiven me for taking her boyfriend.

If I go with someone he doesn't know, surely he won't dare do anything to me.
Well, if it's all right with you, yes, I'll come with you.
Ah... Yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Come on, let's go.
It could be that the Waka had locked in his room
because she has changed her mind and now she doesn't want to see me.
If so, tell her for me...
that I'd really like to see her to ask her forgiveness.
Yes.
(Misumi, thinks) "This boy..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "...has more sanity than he looks."
(Timbre)
He doesn't answer.
Maybe he's still sleeping.
Well look..., I'll open it with the key.
Waka!
You're home?
-Oh...
- (mobile)
- (cell phone)
-Sorry, I have to catch.
Please, can you look for the Waka you and wake her up?
Eh ?!
When she comes home drunk,
she has a habit of sleeping in strange places.
She looks everywhere, closets and all.
Yes, ok.
Yeah, say.
What, that I don't feel well?
Wait, I'm going out on the balcony!
Waka, you're here?
Waka?
Waka?
(Thinking) "What am I going to do now? I don't see her anywhere."
Oh!
(Thinks) "The sink."
(Shower: mana)
Hello, Waka.
I'm a friend of Rumi's little sister.
Excuse me to come in, she asked me to pick you up.
Ah... Waka?
Are you all right, Waka?
Oh! Waka!
Waka!
Please wake up!
Waka, Waka!
Waka!
Ran!
Ran, wake up!
Wake up!
Wake up!
Oh, how nice!
You've woken up!
Wh-what's wrong, Conan?
Are you all right?
I'm sorry about what happened to you.
Masumi...
But... what happened to me?
We found you on the ground by the toilet.
Ouch!
Oh...
Ah!
It's terrible!
The Waka has fallen in the sink and the floor is full of blood!
Yes, we know.
Look at it.
Oh!
The police have already arrived and are investigating.
What happened, Ran?
I heard water running so the shower was on.
There was a lot of steam, but I went in and found Waka on the floor.
There was a lot of blood and I tried to take her out, but....
And surely there was no one else on the floor?
I even looked in the cupboards, but no, there was no one there.
What's that?
Why did you look in the cupboards?
Because when she comes home drunk,
Waka has a habit of sleeping in strange places.
I know because Rumi told me.
Soc here.
Where is the Rumi-chan now?
I'm sorry you had to see something so terrible.
Rumi-chan.
I came into the bathroom after a while,
and I saw you and the Waka on the ground in a cloud of steam.
Unfortunately, I didn't see anyone else either.
After a while, as we were not coming back, the two of them came.
-Yes.
-Right, Kenya and Mitsuaki?
Since it had been more than 30 minutes,
I called you on your cell phone, but you didn't pick it up.
Then we explained to the building's concierge what had happened and he opened the flat for us.
and he opened the apartment for us, right?
Yes, and when we went in and found the three of us on the floor in the bathroom, we immediately called the police,
we called the police immediately.
I don't know what he smelled like in there!
I almost fainted.
- (all three) Hey?!
-It smelled like chloroform.
It serves to anesthetize.
If they inhale a little, you lose consciousness,
but if you inhale too much, it can kill you.
The chloroform evaporated immediately and filled the entire sink.
Fortunately, this child started the ventilator...
as soon as he came in,
and now there's no danger to anyone.
So, the Waka died because of this gas?
No, boy... Didn't you see this?
This girl has been beaten to death!
It is very clear that she has been hit very hard in the head
with some blunt object!
And then why did they use chloroform?
I don't understand.
And, besides, surely it's Waka, this girl?
With the mask you can't see her face well.
Well, can you confirm her identity?
-Stop!
-Oh, Waka!
Do not enter the bathroom.
What a strange corpse... We wink.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Besides..., something's dripping from his eye."
"Mascara?"
"I don't know, but at first glance.
"It looks like someone has hit him on the head
when he was about to get in the shower."
"Is that possible?"

(Man) Let's review what you explained to me.
The four of you were supposed to meet today for lunch at a restaurant.
You were all to meet in the lobby of this very building at noon.
at noon.
The two of you were starting to get worried
because she hadn't shown up yet.
Ran, who happened to know your sister, met you in the lobby,
and came to the apartment to see what had happened.
But when she rang the doorbell, it did not open.
So she used the key to the apartment
that he had just given you in Kenya,
which he had because he had gone out with the victim,
and he opened the door and it's in the system.
Just when we had just opened the door, in Kenya he called the Rumi,
and then you started to look for the Waka alone on the floor,
until you found it on the ground,
but you fainted and fell on top of her, because of the chloroform.
Soon after, the Rumi came in and fainted on top of you.
After half an hour, they didn't come back and didn't say anything,
you came here to see what was going on
and found the three of them unconscious in the bathroom.
Yes, this is more or less what happened.
But since the knocker was on the door, it took us a while to open it,
it took us a while to open it
and that's why it took us a while to call the police.
As I am always afraid,
when I'm in a place I always lock the door with all the keys
and all the shelves I can find.
By the way, can you confirm...
if the victim has been drinking until five in the morning?
Yes, she and I have been drinking here.
Yesterday we asked Kenya and Rumi if they wanted to come,
but they said no, that we'd see you today.
She hasn't stopped criticizing Kenya
for what he had done to her when they were together....,
until he finally fell asleep.
Yes?
And why was it locked?
M-very easy: I woke up Waka before I left...
and I told her to lock the door.
God-hay-do.
What a nice apartment for a single girl to live in.
The Waka's father is an executive of a very important company.
Yes, the only one who didn't stand still when she saw this apartment...
was a freshman student
who has been added to our group this year.
It turns out that her father is the president of a company
that encompasses Waka's father's company.
Mm?
Ah...
And listen...
When you entered the apartment with the Ran with the key that he gave you in Kenya,
he called you on your cell phone,
but what was the reason for that call?
To ask me to look for something.
He had left it here when he went out with Waka
and he asked me if I could take it and bring it to him.
Anyway, it wasn't necessary that he had called me.
Because he had already told me before
and he would have reminded me anyway, to take him.
And what was it, that thing you had left behind?
It was a watch, my favorite watch.
It seems to me that I neglected it one day when we were in the living room.
I told him that if the Waka was still asleep,
to look for the watch for the living room
and to take it without saying anything to her.
As the Rumi did not find it,
Waka probably found it and threw it away.
The living room is that big room facing the balcony, isn't it?
That's right.
When I received the call, I didn't feel very well what he was telling me in Kenya...
and that's why I went out on the balcony.
Sometimes, in these big buildings with so much concrete, there is bad coverage and you have to go out on the balcony,
there is bad coverage and you have to go out on the balcony to talk.
So I asked you to look for the Waka ti, right?
Ah, yes...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Let's see how it went..."
"The Rumi went to the left, in the living room."
"On the other hand, the Ran went to the right, where the bedroom is."
Hey, speaking of the balcony,
What if sometimes the Waka, when she came home drunk,
she used to sleep on the balcony?
She sure did.
I know she had done it once.
One day she called me and she was really drunk.
She told me that she had gone out on the balcony to see if, with the fresh air,
but he fell asleep halfway through the call.
I got scared and everything!
I came and found her sleeping on the balcony.
Sometimes she had also fallen asleep under the bed.
But this time...
...she didn't sleep on the balcony or under the bed,

but slept in the bathroom, but it was his final dream.
The circumstances of this murder
make me think that the murderer had the key to the apartment.
In other words, it must be one of you two!
-Hey, it wasn't me!
-What do you say?
If the murderer was someone who had the key,
in Kenya he did, but not me.
Well, I think that you have been drinking with the victim
and, after you got her drunk,
you've gone and taken her key.
The fact that you don't have it now doesn't mean anything,
because it's very easy to make it disappear.
And then it's quite possible that you've stayed around here
until the time you were supposed to meet the others.
But-but of key, the Rumi also has.
Because she shared the apartment with the Waka
until Kenya and Waka started dating.
But it's been a long time since she turned it back, me!
Ah, well...
Well, if there is a possibility
that the three of you had the key to the victim's apartment,
anyone could have committed this crime.
- (all) Eh?
- (Masumi) No.
The only two who could have killed the Waka
before she was found by the Ran...
are in Kenya Settsu and in Mitsuaki Kaga.
(Masumi) Oh!
What are you saying?
In Mitsuaki it has arrived just before
Rumi and Ran went to the Waka's apartment
to see why he didn't come.
Half an hour earlier in Kenya he had gotten up to go to the bathroom, right?
Both one and the other had a key to the Waka's floor.
There are no security cameras in the stairwells of this building,
and by going up there it's possible to get to the Waka's floor
without anyone seeing you.
And I also have to say that I saw the Rumi the whole time
until she came here.
She didn't go to the toilet until she entered the Waka's apartment.
-You were with the Rumi-?
-She can't be the murderer.
-A detective.
-By the way, may I know who you are?
And I was hired by the Rumi-chan.
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
Hands on.
Thank you very much for picking it up me.
Aaa... sorry.
Make sure you don't get dropped again.
-He's got the money.
But if the corpse you found is not that of the Waka Hashitani,
everything is very different.
What... what do you say?!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Ran also faints in the washroom (Part Two)."

