"La Ran and I had to go to lunch with her mother, Mrs. Kisaki."
"We went to wait for him at the building where he was to meet a client."
"There we happened to find the Masumi Sera."
"The Masumi had asked the Ran to assist her in an investigation
and she said yes."
"The Ran has had to go looking for a girl who lives in one of these apartments."
Oh!
Waka!
Please wake up!
Waka!
Waka!
Waka!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"The Sera will make their deductions,
but you'll have to go in with your eyes wide open."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
"La Ran also faints in the washroom (part two)."
(Think) "A detective?"
Can you tell what this means, Rumi?
Since there was a rumor that you and Waka didn't quit, I wanted to....
-Excuse me, Kenya.
-That's not done.
Let's get on with it.
IIH!
The information we have so far
indicates that one of you two is the culprit.
(Masumi: thinks) "Yes, that's true, but there's still another possibility."
Eh?
Hey, Rumi.
What?
I found this photo on a shelf in the living room.
I see that all four of you were wearing glasses, here.
How come no one's at the door now?
This picture was taken two years ago.
Now we all wear contact lenses.
Ah.
(Horn honks)
(Horn honks) What?
Did you find the murder weapon?
Yes, we found a golf club in the living room...
and we detected traces of blood.
Also, in the kitchen sink pipe...
we found a bottle of chloroform and a syringe.
And in the grate in the sink...
we found a red substance that looks like paint.
Red paint?
And what was the paint doing there?
It is also very strange
that we found the faucet open inside the bathtub.
If someone had wanted to hide the time of the crime
by modifying the temperature of the corpse,
the normal thing would have been to pour water over it.
What a strange case!
None of the pieces we have fit together.
One question, Ran.
Did the Rumi open the door to the apartment
with the key you gave her in Kenya when we were out there, right?
Yes.
Did you notice if she had trouble opening the door?
I wouldn't say no, actually.
It even seemed like she was used to doing it.
But, let's see, she had the key in her pocket and she pulled it out doing it like that?
Oh.
Oh.
Ouch!
The money!
Take them!
-Oh, the creatures.
-This guy...
Excuse me.
Thank you very much for picking it up for me.
Make sure they don't fall on you again.
-He's got the money.
Hm?
"I thought about it."
"I already have the solution."
"And if I've found it, I'm sure she has too."
"Eh? Call?"
"Who's she talking to?"
I don't know.
You tell me: am I wrong or not?
It's very clear to me:
the only people present on this floor
who could have killed the Waka Hashitani with a golf club
you, who dated her until 6 months ago...
and you still had the key to her house,
and you, Mitsuaki, who have been drinking with her until 5:00 in the morning
and that you were able to sneak the key when you left.
It could only have been you.
In your statements you all agree
that today you had a lunch date for 4 people:
you two, Waka and Rumi Kita.
We know that half an hour before the time you were supposed to meet,
in Kenya he went to the toilet,
and that in Mitsuaki you arrived in the lobby just after 12 o'clock,
but nobody knows what he did until that time.
Come on, confess: which of you two killed Waka Hashitani?

Hey, hey, don't run so fast.
Remember that they found the Waka on the floor with two other girls
and that the sink was full of chloroform.
This murder has no head or tail.
We would never have done it, something so twisted.
Mm-hm.
Although it doesn't look like it,
the outlandish details of this case have a point.
Maybe he wanted her to lose consciousness so she wouldn't call it in right away.
The longer it took,
the more difficult it would be to determine the time of the murder.
According to Rumi, when she came to pick up Waka from the apartment, she was accompanied by a girl who collaborated with her,
she was accompanied by a girl who was collaborating in an investigation,
but who knows if it's true, of course.
Ke-Kenia.
And remember that the Rumi had shared this apartment with the Waka.
She may still have a copy of the key.
What if it turns out that the alleged detective is an accomplice
who's covering for her?
Exactly.
All the pieces fit together.
This one who says she's a detective wants us to believe
that Rumi has an alibi so that at the time of the crime she was with her.
No, I didn't say that Rumi had an alibi.
Eh?
Eh?
I only said that if the Ran, who entered this apartment with the Rumi-chick,
found Waka's corpse,
the culprit of the murder can only be one of you two.
But if the corpse she found is not that of the Waka Hashitani,
it's all very different.
Oh!
Wh-what are you saying now?
But, listen, I... It is the Waka's corpse.
Maybe you just think it's her, Ran.
Keep in mind that you haven't seen her alive.
Yes, that's right.
Besides that,
the corpse was facing the ground and wearing a mask on its face,
its head was wrapped with a towel
and the room was full of steam from the water coming out of the shower.
If it was really someone else disguised as Waka,
you wouldn't have been able to recognize him.
What?
Don't you think I'm right, Conan?
Yes.
"What-what do you say now?"
S-someone disguised as her?
And who is the person who is disguised as Waka?
She's lying on the floor and she's just wearing a towel.
Yes.
The only thing I can be sure of is that it's a woman.
Well, if that's so, the only one it could be...
is the girl who came here with you looking for the Waka.
I'm talking about the Rumi, of course.
What?
What?
What?
Oh!
I'll tell you how it went.
When Rumi entered the apartment with Ran,
she made it look like she was going to the living room.
and told Ran to go and look for her in the bedroom,
which is on the other side, because she had a plan.
"The Rumi went to the washbasin secretly, undressed,
covered herself with a towel and put a mask on her face."
"Then she put a towel over her head...
"And threw red paint on the ground to make it look like she was dead."
"And just before the Ran went into the bathroom
"and found what looked like a corpse,
"she loaded a syringe with chloroform
and flushed it down the sink to make it evaporate."
Are you okay, Waka?
Oh!
Waka!
"As the Ran entered the bathroom,
she lost consciousness."
Naturally, during this whole time,
the Rumi held her breath.
Just a moment.
And where was the victim in the meantime?
This I can only guess, but I think she was on the balcony.
Remember you have said before that the Waka sometimes slept on the balcony
on the side of the living room, when she was drunk.
If the Rumi knew that the Waka and in Mitsuaki had been drinking late,
she might have waited until the wee hours of the morning.
"Then, when she has assumed that in Mitsuaki had already left,
"He called Waka
and advised her to go out on the balcony to get some air."
"The Rumi already knew that the balcony would surely sleep."
"Then, when the Ran had already fainted,
"The Rumi-chan came out of the washroom
and turned on the ventilation to let the chloroform out."
"And after removing the red ground paint, she got dressed and went to the balcony,
she got dressed and went to the balcony to wake up Waka."
"He told her that he had found an unknown girl
stretched by earth to the bathroom to make her go there."
"The Waka has seen the Ran fainted.
"And the Rumi has seized that moment.

To hit him on the head with a golf club."
"Then the Rumi has dressed Waka with a towel,
"she put a mask on his face,
"wrapped another towel around his head.
and threw chloroform again with the syringe in the bathroom."
Then she breathed it in and fainted.
and it was only necessary to wait for the other two to arrive.
Who could have suspected
that the person who had gone to look for the victim would disguise himself as her
and after killing her, she would expressly faint?
N-not true.
I have not killed the Waka.
A- besides, when we have entered the apartment,
I went to the living room because she called me in Kenya.
It doesn't matter, because you should have gone anyway...
to look for the watch I asked you for in Kenya, right?
Yes.
Right, and even though in Kenya he wouldn't have given you his password,
you still had one from when you lived here and you carried it around with you.
with the excuse that just today you wanted to give it back to him, right?
You asked me to do some detective work so that today I could go over there
and I could witness how you had found the girl's corpse
that you had just murdered.
But I asked the Ran to take my place for a while.
-It could have been different.
- (mobile)
You should have had your little sister,
who was supposed to come to lunch, to meet you on the floor of the washroom,
but since you must have thought that Keiko would surely have recognized you,
you had already decided that the witness you wanted was someone else.
What-what no.
It's not true!
Inspector.
There are prints on the chloroform bottle.
Ah.
Wow.
And they're not from the Rumi Kita, by any chance?
-Ah!
-Yes, exactly.
What deduction skills!
You're a very good detective.
You're a very good detective. Thank you.
But this conclusion...
I don't think it quite adds up.
What doesn't add up?
It doesn't quite add up?
No, it doesn't.
I'm not saying that.
But what's wrong with you, girl?
Shinichi Kudo called me, who heard about the case to Conan,
to tell me to tell you that.
Maybe I'd better put him on speakerphone.
"At Shinichi Kudo."
I don't know where you've appeared from or who you are, but I don't want a stranger to tell me....
"Your deduction fails on 3 points."
"Although we now know
"That one day the victim fell asleep on the balcony of the living room,
just because she did it once doesn't mean she did it regularly."
"And even if someone did make her go out on the balcony,
it doesn't necessarily imply that she dozed off like that day."
(Shinichi voice) Now, let's say Waka had slept on the balcony:
it would be very difficult for her to remain asleep
until someone came to wake her up.
And, besides, she would surely have been woken up by the doorbell.
All right, I admit that it is difficult for all this to happen.
We can also assume that Rumi had come to the apartment a while earlier
and made Waka fall asleep with chloroform.
Then he would not have been awakened even by the sound of the doorbell.
"This is the second breaking point of the deduction."
If so you say now,
how come the Rumi locked the door when she left the apartment?
"He thinks that if then in Kenya he would not have given her his key to the apartment,
"I would have had to use the key that she had...
"And that he had not yet returned to the Waka;
this would point to him as the prime suspect in this murder."
Another thing:
if he had chloroformed the Waka to sleep before he went in,
it would have been much safer to leave her on the floor of the washroom
instead of putting her in Waka's disguise.
If she had done so, she wouldn't have had to pose as a dead woman or hold her breath for so long.
or hold her breath for so long.
And there is another point of failure:
the corpse was lying on the floor wrapped only in a towel.
"People never know what we look like
when they look at us from behind."
"We may have freckles or birthmarks we don't even know about."
"If the Ran had seen it
"And realized that that corpse wasn't who it was supposed to be,
the whole setup would have collapsed."
"That position was the worst for an impostor."
Yes, but remember that her face was covered with a mask...
and that with the steam in the sink, you couldn't see very well.
"Exactly."

Everything made it difficult to...
If the corpse had its face covered and the visibility was so bad, it is normal to suspect that the corpse was someone else,
it is normal to suspect that the corpse was someone else.
And this was exactly the intention of the culprit.
"The corpse was on the ground wrapped with a towel.
"Because the culprit wanted that the person who discovered it
"To see that his face was hidden
but to realize at first glance that it was a woman."
"In this way, if the police believed...
"That the one impersonating the corpse was a woman,
"he would be off the list of suspects...
and everything would indicate that the one who had done it was the Rumi, wouldn't it?"
Half an hour before the time you were supposed to meet,
you said you were going to the bathroom, but you came here,
you died the Waka and you set up this whole setup.
I'm talking about you, her ex-boyfriend,
"...in Kenya Settsu."
-Huh?
-Huh?
"Yes."
Eh?
I-I didn't...
You came here a while ago
"And you used chloroform to knock out Waka."
"After you took him to the washroom,
undressed him and wrapped him in a towel."
"You put a mask on his face.
"And after wrapping the head with a towel,
you killed it with a golf club."
"Then you poured red paint down the drain of the sink
"and you spread chloroform before closing the door."
"You called the Rumi and made him go into the living room.
"To make us all think
that he had had enough time to disguise himself as Waka."
"And if afterwards a vial of chloroform appeared hidden
"With prints of the Rumi,
even better to fool the police, right?"
But, of course, this little bottle with Rumi's fingerprints...
"It was one that, surely, you're already going to try to make him touch."
"You can tell that one day you put it among other bottles
because that way you knew for sure that he would touch it."
Hey, I don't know who you are, smart guy,
but I might as well have done it at Mitsuaki.
"That's why I had Conan do the test before."
That's right.
What test are you talking about?
Do you remember that I dropped some coins from my pocket?
When he picked them up, I stopped my hand and told you to put them in.
"You, Mitsuaki, didn't have any trouble getting in front of him."
"On the other hand, you, Kenya, had to show me your open hand so that I could take the money myself.
for me to take the money myself;
do you remember?"
"This showed me that in Kenya I couldn't measure distances well."
"That's why you weren't able to put the coins in my hand."
I wanted to wait a moment to see if you would do it,
but there was no way you were going to make the gesture.
and I took the coins myself.
Yes, and that reminded me of...
that when in Kenya he gave him the key to the apartment in the Rumi,
he didn't get his hand right and the key fell out.
But it's normal that it happened, of course.
-Now I understand.
It's the contact lenses.
-Can you tell me what this all means?
In Kenya he only wears one contact lens.
You must have dropped the Waka because..,
when you put her to sleep with the chloroform, she must have put up a fight.
I imagine that you looked for her for a while but you let it go
because you had no more time.
Do you know what happened?
You didn't find the contact lens, Waka hid it from you.
When you had not yet finished losing consciousness, she took it.
But where do you want her to have hidden it?
He thinks that after falling asleep, he took off her clothes.
You don't remember what he said, inspector?
"This corpse is very strange."
Ah.
Because he was winking.
The victim is hiding a contact lens inside one eye.
Yes, that's right.
Examine the corpse right away.
Yes.
Even if you had found a contact lens in the bathroom afterwards,
you would have been able to say that you lost it
when you were still dating her
and that it had been half a year since that contact lens was there.
But if now they find a contact lens in the Waka's eye
and they check that you only have one of them in doors,
it will be a very clear proof.
Besides, I'm sure the contact lens will have your fingerprints on it.
Hey, that's not true, is it?
I don't get it.
Why did you have to kill, the Waka?

If you had left him, why did you have to do it?
Because I wanted to go out with the president's daughter.
Who are you talking about?
The one in first grade, right?
It was the only option.
Waka's father is a very important executive,
but the father of that first one is the president of the group that owns the company
of the company of which he is an executive.
If he managed to marry me, his job and fortune were already assured.
But if you had already left him, you had no need to kill her.
It's just that Waka was blackmailing me.
She told me that if I went out with the first girl,
she'd make sure everyone knew about all the dirty tricks she'd pulled.
I have a good record.
Before dating the Waka I had already made several cry.
And what do I mean, for you?
I'm sure you just wanted to use me.
If the girl I was dating until recently turned up dead,
I'd be the prime suspect, wouldn't I?
But if while I was dating you I rumored
that I hadn't left him with the Waka yet,
one would assume that you had killed her in a fit of jealousy.
Well, you think you've been able to date me for half a year.
You'll have a lot of good rec... Aaah!
Oh! (Laughs)
Huh? (Laughs)
Aah...
Boy, I'm sorry, but when I'm feeling some of this nonsense,
I start to feel an itch in my head and my elbow shoots up.
And, if you keep going, the itch might go all the way down to my ass...
and then what will trigger me will be my knee.
If you want, we can even try it.
How would you like that?
Uh... uh...
I congratulate you.
You'd have to be pretty good to have pulled this whole hoax apart.
No, it doesn't.
All the credit goes to Shinichi, huh?
Oh.
Wow.
I can't talk anymore because he hung up, I got lost.
Oh, yeah;
now that I think about it, he told me something else:
that the detail that has given him the clue was the mascara
that dripped from Waka's eye.
The culprit thought that in order to put the mascara on,
he had to remove her make-up.
He removed the lipstick, but neglected to remove the mascara.
Shinichi says that if the murderer had been a woman, he would not have been careless,
he would not have been careless.
And he has also said that Masumi has overlooked this detail
because she doesn't paint her eyes anymore.
Yes, it's true.
"I don't know why he says so. He never paints their eyes either."
Fui ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
What?
Have you been involved in a murder?
Oh, Ran.
You could have warned me, couldn't you?
Yes, but the detective work was done by Masumi.
But it was Shinichi who solved the case, actually.
Well, I'll be going now.
Good-bye, now.
This girl...
What?
You know her, Masumi?
Well, I've only met her once before, when I came out here in the lobby.
I wanted to tell you that the meeting would take longer than it should,
but you hadn't arrived yet.
I noticed that she was on the phone the whole time.
On the phone?
And with whom?
I don't know, but I heard him saying "brother" often.
Maybe he was talking to his brother.
(beeping)
Uooh!
What are you doing here?
Did you come to watch the game with your girlfriend?
"That's why in Sanada..."
"A strong and straight shot... to the left corner."
-Relax, Sanada, it's okay. -Oh...
-Ooh...
-It's very suspicious.
-Have we seen it?
"Don't miss the next episode: The soccer player's promise."

