Wow!
They said it wouldn't rain today!
Eh?
Hello, Ran!
Hello, Conan!
Hello, Father!
How nice, you came to pick me up!
Thank you.
Yes, it's just that it's so late.
It's after nine o'clock.
I'm sorry, our training has taken too long.
Thank you, Conan.
Here, take the umbrella.
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saite
Kasanariau koe ga ima yami wo furiharatta.
"The light of reason can pierce through the shadows
and also the deepest darkness."
"A robbery coincides with a murder."
"The case ends up taking an unexpected turn." The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Haritsuita asno wo nugutte
nigemawaru Raito wo Ketten.
Kanashimi ni utareta Kyou no
kizuato kabau Younes.
Aseru hodós ni tookunatte wake
mo Naku imi wo sagashite.
Osanasa no ura ni kakushita
yuzuritakunai Omois ni.
Kizuita nara miushinawanai Younis.
Darek wo mamoreru to motto ima Shinjitai!
Kage wo mau col no kodou ga seijaku no umi wo saita.
Kimi ni miseru itsuwari no Subete ga uso Jana daro.
Mayou tabi suteta kotae mo Kitto erabu hay wa mata kuru kara.
Kono kokoro wa dare yori mo atsuku moyashitsuzukeyou
kienai Younes.

Kienai Younes!
(Conan voice) "Too much of a coincidence."
You have to be careful at night, Ran.
They say there's some dangerous people around the neighborhood lately.
Right.
You must be referring to that hooded thief, right?
They call him the Hooded Man.
He attacks women with an expandable baton and steals the bag.
Yes... So far they've all escaped with minor injuries.
But if they don't stop him soon, there's no telling what might happen...
Eh ?!
(Woman) Aaaah!
(Woman) Are you all right?
(Woman) What happened?
A man in a hoodie ran away running over there.
(Woman) Okay!
(Woman) Huh?
Can I ask you a question?
Come on, Conan!
How come he doesn't have... any spring clothes?
If we don't hurry, he'll run away!
Conan, what's wrong?
It's raining all of a sudden.
He's got mud on his sneakers and wet pants.
But he doesn't have an umbrella, and instead, his clothes are very dry.
Well, yes.
Don't you find that a little strange?
Are you sure you weren't wearing anything else on top of these clothes you're wearing?
Like, for example... a jacket with a hood?
Stop it!
Iaaah!
Get out of here!
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
Iaaah!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he-he! I thought so."
Yeah, I'm first rate!
Eh, a-are you okay?
Eh ?!
I wasn't talking to you.
By the way, what about that scream we heard earlier?
Ah... Over there!
Hey, is that right?!
Yes, it is.
Thank you very much, Kogoro.
We've been after the Hooded Man for days.
Yes, I know.
It was a piece of cake for me, as usual.
Xxxt!
You're in the hospital.
Ha-ha-ha!
Flights shut up?
You think I don't know that?
All right, inspector, if you need me for anything else, just tell me.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
Bye-bye, bye-bye.
-At sight.
-Goodbye, thank you very much for everything.
He's better now.
How is he?
The X-rays and the CAT scan came out very well.
I'm glad.
You can go home now.
I'm fine thanks to you.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Wow!
My roommate must be in pain!
If you don't mind, I'll give her a call.
I'm so glad it turned out to be nothing.
I'm so glad.
It could have been much worse.
-Excuse me, they're calling me.
- (cell phone)
I have to answer it.
- (Mizuki) How strange.
-Inspector Sato, hello?
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
No, Yoko, my roommate, isn't picking up the phone.
It's strange, because she's been off work for a while.
What's wrong?
(Sato) What?
They found a woman's corpse in the place where we came from?!
What?
Yes... (Sato) Okay.
Excuse me, do you know what your friend was wearing today?
I would say she was wearing a beige skirt and a white jacket.
But you're sure she was dressed like that?
I would say yes.
-It can't be...
-No... no... smoke that...
(Shinichi, thinking) "I can't believe it!"
(Crying) Yes, it's her!
It's Yoko!
This morning when she left, she was fine.
(Crying)
I wouldn't have said it would be the last time I'd see her alive!
Mizuki...
Yoko!

Ran, take her and stay with her.
From the looks of the corpse, she must have been dead for one to three hours.
Yes.
The victim worked at a store not far from here.
She was attacked on her way home.
She was struck on the head with an object resembling a truncheon.
The "modus operandi" that the Hooded Man has been using so far,
the area where he was acting, the timetable..., all coincide.
He has also taken the money from the victim's wallet.
I'd say it's most likely that he...
was planning to act as usual,
but something unexpected happened and he ended up killing the girl.
And while he hadn't let his guard down, he has also attacked the Mizuki.
It's strange...
That two roommates have attacked each other so close together.
At least it helped to stop the murderer.
The bond of the two girls must have made this miracle possible.
(Shinichi, think) "Mm? What's this?"
"It smells like coffee. Mm?"
"This is..."
You kid!
What do you think you're doing?
(Conan voice) Oh!
(Conan voice) Ow!
Where are they going?
Where are you taking her now?
We're taking Miss Tachibana
to the police station to take her statement.
We have to make a written report of what happened and she has to sign it.
I, in fact, had thought of going with Mizuki to the police station.
Can I come with you?
Please, Mr. Mouri!
Mmm!
Can you confirm to us if the person who attacked you
is this man here?
-Yes.
- (does not sit down)
I'm absolutely sure, it was him.
All right, perfect.
From what I can see, it looks like he's pretty angry.
Yes.
In fact, the suspect confessed to being the perpetrator of the robberies,
but instead...
...he insists that he didn't kill Yoko,
and totally refuses to acknowledge the crime.
And as for the assault on Miss Tachibana, he says she had seen his face,
he says that she had seen his face and didn't know what to do,
but that he had no intention of killing her.
Aaah...
-We want to know the truth!
-Are you sure it's him?
Is it the Hooded Man?
Can you confirm it?
I told you we're still interrogating her, we don't know anything for sure.
Ah, Conan, though...
What is it, Inspector Takagi?
It's the Hooded Man, isn't it?!
We want to know the truth!
You are all victims of...?
Yes, we are victims of the Hooded Man!
I guess we'll get our wallets back, now that he's been caught.
-I had my driver's license.
-It's the least they can do.
Hey, one question.
I hope we can get it all back!
Did he steal everyone's wallet when he robbed them?
(Shinichi, think) "He doesn't hit on me."
(All at once) Of course he does!
"Yoko, the girl who was killed, had money stolen from her wallet."
"But the wallet has been left at the scene of the crime."
Inspector Takagi will accompany you, won't you?
Yes, I'll walk them home myself.
What?
Wait a minute, Sato.
I see you have a thread on your skirt.
Wow, that's right!
It's a fillet they put on the new skirts.
Ah, I didn't know that.
On the new skirts there are some fillets to be cut.
They are usually here, at the bottom.
They put them so that the label doesn't fall off.
Look, that's it, it's a thread this small.
Sometimes it is also to show that it is new.
Today, I don't know what I did at work, my skirt ripped.
And I had to buy a new one.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I understand what happened."
(Mobile)
Yes?
What do you want?
-What do you want?
-Really?!
Oh, really?
And it is confirmed?
- (mobile: hangs up)
-Perfect!
Thank you.
What, do we have any news?
It has been confirmed that the blood on the baton that the Hooded Man was carrying,
was in fact Miss Yoko Katsuragi's.
Case closed, then.
(Conan voice) Ah, yes?!
Yes, it's conclusive proof that confirms...
that the Hooded Man is what killed Yoko.
I'm very happy for you, Mizuki.
Thank you, Mizuki.
I'm sure Yoko, heaven forbid, will be happy too.
(Kogoro) Ha-ha!
I've had enough!
You know what I say?
Bring me more chicken and more beer.
Father, haven't you had enough, already?!
Take it easy, Ran.

Now this case is already solved.
Yeah, but you could have a little more respect.
Mizuki just lost her best friend.
(Takagi) Let's have the party in peace, please.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's just that Yoko and I often used to come here
and sometimes we also had similar discussions.
(Takagi) I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, it made me think.
But I'm very happy that the murderer has been caught.
I am very grateful to all of you, really.
Ah!
Father, what are you doing?!
It was my napkin!
Was it?
You're this one here.
I'm sorry, excuse me.
I-I'll give it back to you.
I can't believe it!
Aaah!
Now I don't want it anymore!
I can't wear it anymore!
Oh, you can't?
Why not?
It's still the same.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure."
What a face you have!
"Now I understand what happened."
No, no, Miss Tachibana, please!
No.
Let me invite them myself.
As a thank you for what you've done.
No, no, I don't want any trouble later.
Very well, then.
I'm sorry, and thank you very much for the detail.
-Carai!
I didn't know it would go up so much.
- (woman) It's 10,250 yen.
I don't know if it's enough.
It's your turn today, eh?
Thank you, inspector.
Thank you very much for everything.
I know it will be hard for you to overcome,
but you have to be a little positive.
And whenever you find yourself alone, you know you can call me.
I'll come running home.
Wow!
Iah!
It's hopeless!
Sorry, don't listen to him.
Thank you very much, and see you again.
Ouch!
Oooh...!
Ah...
Eh?
Father, what have you got?
Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) The slap on the wrist has made me react.
The case is still not completely solved.
What do you mean... it's not solved?
(Kogoro voice) It wasn't the Hooded Man who killed Yoko.
But what are you saying?
You said before that there was evidence!
Yes, but I was wrong.
There are things that don't quite add up for me.
What do you mean?
For starters, the fact that they took the money out of Yoko's wallet,
but left the wallet at the scene of the crime.
Isn't that what the assailant wanted, to steal the money?
Yes, but in all other cases,
the assailant had taken the wallet from the scene.
Why was it different this time?
It is true that there was this small difference,
but that's not enough.
(Kogoro voice) There is also the victim's injury.
Yoko had a wound on the left side of her head.
And if we take into account that she was attacked from behind,
in order to cause the wound on the left side,
they had to do it by holding the baton with their left hand.
This means that the killer is left-handed.
On the other hand, the Hooded Man...
Yes, he is right-handed!
Earlier I noticed that Mizuki made a phone call
and used her left hand,
and that he was also going to open his wallet with his left hand.
Yes, t-that's true, t-that I'm left-handed,
but... that doesn't mean anything, there are many people who are left-handed.
There are other things.
At the crime scene I've also noticed
that on Yoko's white shirt there was a coffee stain.
The stain was very close to the skirt and it was kind of split.
In contrast, the skirt she was wearing was not stained.
In fact, though she was wearing a thread, at the bottom of the skirt.
What do you mean, a thread?
I mean the thread that new skirts wear
to hold the label.
Anyway..., just in case I need to be sure,
I've confirmed the information with the manager of the store
where Yoko worked.
It turns out that today, Yoko, shortly before finishing,
before she left the store,
got coffee stains on her shirt and the skirt she was wearing.
She decided to buy a new jacket and skirt right there,
she changed her clothes and left the store.
That's why the stain on the shirt was about split in half,
and the skirt still had that fillet on it, because it was new.
And what do you mean?
Where do you want to go?
Earlier, when you approached Yoko, who was already on the floor dead, you said... (Crying) This morning, you said....
(Crying) This morning, when she left, she was fine!
I wouldn't have said it would be the last time I'd see her alive!
Yoko!
(Kogoro voice) You said you hadn't seen Yoko since the morning,
but when you saw her back there, you immediately knew it was her.

I don't understand how you recognized her, if she represents that she was dressed differently.
It's true!
Aaa... maybe tomorrow she w-was wearing a similar color clothing,
and that's why I assumed it was her.
Here, Mr. Mouri... told me to have a look at this.
It's Yoko!
Th-that's the...
(Kogoro voice) I told the store manager to send her to me.
It's Yoko before she changed her clothes,
just as she came to work this morning.
Did you get a good look at this picture, Mizuki?
You said she was wearing a beige skirt and a white jacket.
Instead, she was dressed very differently.
Tell me the truth, Mizuki:
Didn't you see Yoko after she got off work?
But, all this is not enough to prove...
that Mizuki murdered her friend Yoko.
It's all circumstantial evidence.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, it's true that it's all circumstantial evidence.
There is none that is conclusive.
How dare you call me a murderer
without having any evidence to prove it?!
Yes, Father, it's true!
Yoko was my best friend!
You have to have proof, to say something like that!
(Kogoro voice) You want proof?
Well, I do.
And right here.
Before, when we were in the restaurant and we got up to go to pay,
I noticed that Mizuki kept her wallet in her pocket.
I'll tell you why she didn't put it back in the bag, where she had it.
She didn't do it because she was afraid that, when she put it back in her pocket, someone would see what she was hiding inside,
someone would see what he was hiding inside the bag.
In the bag...
you have something hidden that you don't want us to see..., right?
At first it seemed strange to me,
because it was very cold today, and you should have worn a jacket.
Instead, you were very lightly dressed.
But of course, if something happened to you...
that forced you to take off your jacket,
maybe that would explain why you're dressed like this.
Is it possible that inside the bag there is your jacket,
with Yoko's blood stains on it?
- (both) Huh?
-And it's not over.
I'm sure that inside the bag you also have the truncheon
that the Hooded Man used to attack his victims.
But what about the truncheon... that the Hooded Man had?
That's the one that Mizuki used to kill Yoko.
Isn't it?
Because it looked like it was the Hooded Man,
first you looked at what kind of truncheon he used
to carry out his robberies,
and you're going to buy one just like it.
Yoko, evidently,
today you killed him with the truncheon you had bought,
but when you were returning home, something very ironic happened,
and that is that you were attacked by the real Hooded Man.
What a coincidence, isn't it?
But it also has to be said that, in a way,
it, for you, was fortunate.
(Kogoro) Okay?
(Kogoro) What happened?
(Man) A man in a hoodie ran off running over there.
(Kogoro's voice) It happened to you right there.
You saw that you were attacked by the Hooded Man, you linked heads,
and you realized that you could make a profit.
Of course you did!
You took advantage of it to change the baton for the Hooded Man's!
That's why we found Yoko Katsura's blood on the hooded man's baton.
we found Yoko Katsuragi's blood.
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
He was about to cheat me, too.
But when that thing happened with the napkin in the restaurant,
I understood that it was possible that someone had exchanged the murder weapon.
After the incident,
Ran was with you all the time to take your side,
he didn't leave you alone for a moment.
That's why you didn't have time to get rid of either the jacket
neither the jacket nor the truncheon.
Can you show us... what you have, inside the bag?
Mizuki...
The Yoko was...
like the sun, bright, but very selfish.
Everything revolved around her.
And next to her, that sun that shone so brightly...,
I was just a dull moon
that didn't count for anything or anyone.
She lacked nothing,
and yet I always wanted to take everything:
the clothes, the money, the boyfriends....
She thought I should always be all hers.
And I was such a fool that I always let it all go to her.
Until one day I heard her say something...
(Yoko) What a drag!
Mizuki ten is about to arrive.
(Yoko) You know what?
I wish the Hooded Man would take her and never come back.
She's so heavy!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!

And that's why I finally decided to do it,
making it look like it was the Hooded Man!
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
The same thing again, father?!
You ate my piece of cake again?!
Don't worry, it wasn't me!
I know I usually do it myself,
but this time it was this gluttonous cat!
Ouch!
Mm!
How dare you blame the Goro again, eh?!
-Ouch!
Oops!
- (thumps)
(Shinichi, thinking) "Eh? Now that's the perfect crime, eh, Goro?"
Meow!
Ah, so you felt the conversation, huh?
Her neck is so stretched out that you can see your bras and everything.
What?
It's expressly made like that.
And the strap of the bra I also show it expressly!
Aaaah!
Drowned!
You are hereby arrested on the charge of murdering Mr. Tanba.
(Both) What?!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"On Makoto Kyogoku, suspect? (Part One)."

