"We had planned to play tennis at Karuizawa,
"But since it hasn't stopped raining,
we let it slide and decided to go bowling."
Hey, who is this guy you said you wanted to introduce me to?
Ah, he's a guy who's been waiting for almost 4 hours...
on the tennis court in the rain."
I guess he's gone to change his clothes now and won't be long.
Come on.
Don't make me suffer any more and tell me who it is at once.
I came here on a motorcycle in the rain, huh?
Eh?
Who are you?
- "You dodged me?"
- "Jeet kune do..."
How interesting!
But I'll smash you to smithereens, man.
Eh?
Ah.
Wait, Masumi.
So that's him.
He's the guy Sonoko wanted to introduce you to.
What's that?
"Although Masumi and Makoto have been on the verge of a fight.
"Because of Sonoko,
"We had a great time
with some high school teachers we met."
"But a friend of theirs who was a P.E. teacher
"He's been sleeping in the car,
he disappeared and we all went out to look for him."
Eh?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What the...?
What's the matter?
Here... in here.
The toilet was free.
I opened the door to look and...
"The sun warms with a dazzling radiance."
"A show of deductions that engages."
"Masumi does strange things with e-mail."
"We have to exculpate in Makoto Kyogoku. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata !?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"In Makoto Kyogoku, suspect? (Second part)"
(Yamamura) Eh?
That he has surely died... drowned?
Yes, that's right.
We received the coroner's report.
He said he found water in the victim's lungs.
But even if she was stunned with a stun gun..,
to drown such a large man
without binding him would have taken at least two or three men.
-Indeed.
-Doesn't it seem so to you, Yamamura?
But... it's also true
that someone like our karateka could do it by himself.
What's wrong with him?
He suspects Makoto, though, doesn't he?
No, it's not that...
Oh, and according to this report, too,
the corpse has a mark along the lower abdomen.
-That's right.
-Lower abdomen?
The mark didn't reach the hips, therefore, we deduce that the killer...
used the victim's belt to drag him.
That's right...
And this means that the killer is someone with great physical strength...
like, for example, our particular karateka.
Hey, I just said that so we can get an idea... of how it all went down.
Come to think of it,
you said earlier that the victim was already in pretty bad shape.
-Well...
-What did they mean?
The thing is, Mr. Tanba was supposed to marry my little sister,
but it turns out that his parents
were against the marriage.
Then we found out
that they had already engaged him to another girl for marriage.
When they learned of the parents' refusal,
they were very upset and decided to run away together.
But, in the end, my sister committed suicide....
by throwing herself off a cliff.
And you knew, that they wanted to run away?
Yes, she sent me an e-mail.
He said: "We're going far away, just me and him".
He also sent me the same message.
Besides having studied together, we were very good friends.
And since then Mr. Tanba
became very aggressive every time he drank, didn't he?
Yes, and that's why I thought he had woken up...

And he had gotten into another fight with someone while we were bowling.
And something.
Say, and they sell very often, to play at this bowling alley?
Yes.
Because my friend loved to bowl.
And the last time we came here it was raining a lot too.
Ah.
Look, inspector.
In the wastebasket of the toilet we found a wet towel
and four very strange empty cans.
-Yes.
-A few cans?
And all 4 have burnt openings.
So someone used them as ashtrays.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
They also make a very strong kerosene smell.
Kerosene?
But... where are you going, now?
Hey, Conan.
Hey, Conan. Hey?
Officers!
Wait a moment, please.
Can you look on that shelf?
Out, out.
It's no place for children.
It's just that Detective Kogoro says to look
behind the toilet paper rolls on the top shelf.
What's that?
It's important.
Okay, then.
If Sleeping Kogoro asks us...
Smoke marks on the ceiling?
Come on, quick, take pictures.
Yes, now.
"That's what I thought."
"This explains perfectly
why the bottom of the sink is so soaked."
"There's no doubt in my mind: she's the murderer."
"It seems to me that he has also discovered the truth."
"I have to confirm that my deduction matches his."
"I've lost a little confidence lately."
(Mobile: message tone)
"Mm? He's already answered."
"Who is it, you say?"
"I knew he would answer me like that."
(Inaudible)
(Mobile: message tone)
He already answered.
Eh?
"He's no problem."
(Kogoro) He must have had a fight with someone.
The victim, who had gotten drunk and was sleeping in the car, woke up,
got out of the car and got into a fight with someone in a local bar.
And then they took her somewhere and killed him.
But earlier you commented
that when you and the others went to look for the victim,
no one told you that they had seen her there, did they, Mr. Mouri?
Ha!
Because they did not want to recognize him, you come here yourself.
If someone spreads the word that there are fights in your premises,
they will get a bad reputation and will have to close down.
But what I don't understand
is that the murderer carries a stun gun on him.
Besides, we still don't know where or how they did it to drown him.
I also don't understand why they took the victim from the car where the victim was sleeping peacefully
where the monkey was peacefully sleeping
to the portable toilet at the other end of the parking lot.
And what are you telling me!
Let's see, the victim, that is, Mr. Tanba,
went in the car from the parking lot with Miss Masaki
to sleep it off for a while.
After about an hour or so,
Miss Mona went to the car to check on him,
and discovered that he had disappeared.
Then, when she explained that the young man had left, we all went to the bars and restaurants,
we all went to the bars and restaurants to look for him.
And, in the meantime, the victim must have had a fight with someone,
who choked her.
And then we all decided to go back to the parking lot,
and that's when we found her dead inside that portable toilet.
The truth is that we can not completely rule out that the karateka,
who was sleeping in another car in the parking lot,
is in the clear,
but, considering the killer used a stun gun,
I'd say he's innocent.
And that's why I told you to send your men out
to canvass all the bars and restaurants in the vicinity.
Yes, yes.
You're right.
-Huh?
-Inspector Yamamura.
-L'experiment?
-L'experiment is ready.
Yes, sir.
Detective Mouri explained
that it is imperative to do so in order to solve the case,
and forensics has said that you have given them the authorization.
I don't understand a word you're saying.
And I don't remember saying anything about any of this.
But according to the forensic police officers, they were told by this child.
Anyway, who said it.
Eh?
Let's go see it.
I love it, doing experiments.
You're just a first grader and it turns out you already do experiments?
Maybe even as far as Dr. Agasa's house is concerned.
Come on, then.
Let's see what this is all about that you've prepared.
Come on, let's go.
"That he's no problem?"
"I trust him?"

"Why, how do you know?"
"How do you know him, my brother?"
(Kogoro) Hey, hey.
(Kogoro) What's this?
All around the toilet is well flooded.
Yeah, it's just that you instructed us to make this happen.
(Kogoro) What?
You told us to cover the sewer with a towel
because the rain will flood everything.
Of course it did!
Here the parking lot is sloped so that the ground sinks.
And all the water from the rain that has fallen has accumulated.
But all the evidence from the crime scene will wash away.
The portable toilet where the corpse was found
we've moved it in search of more evidence.
-Actually, this is another toilet.
-Huh?
As I told you,
we've been instructed by Detective Mouri to get everything organized.
Are we done?
I repeat that I didn't...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaaah...
What are you doing, father?
Please don't go in the water.
(Kogoro voice) As I said before, I don't have any hobbies,
and, if it's necessary to wet my pants, I wet them and that's it.
The most important thing is to prove that the trick works.
(Yamamura) What?
A trick, you say?
What?
With this you want to prove
that it has been drowned by the rainwater that has accumulated?
But for so much water to accumulate,
it would have taken quite a while.
And, besides, even if the killer had used...
a stun gun to stun him,
to drown a burly man like him in such a place without binding him,
the killer would have to be a person with a very powerful musculature, right?
I repeat that Makoto is not the killer.
Tell him.
Right, Makoto?
What?
Makoto, where are you going?
- (Kogoro voice) -Deixa'l be.
-Hey, he's running away.
He must have gone to the toilet.
(Kogoro voice) -Hey?
How can it be...
-He has nothing to do with the case.
Because to kill a person in this way
it's not necessary to use brute force at all.
The murderer managed to drown him without laying a finger on him.
And he has done it as if by magic.
"Magic..."
(Kogoro voice) A picture is worth a thousand words.
We will now demonstrate that a person
can indeed drown to death inside a toilet.
And we will do the experiment with Inspector Yamamura.
What?
With-with me?
Nothing will happen to you.
You'll have an oxygen canister so you can breathe.
What's that?
And once inside, won't there be a cylinder, at least?
-Mm?
-Hey, big boy.
Help get it all going.
-Well..., more or less.
-You know how to do it too, don't you?
(Kogoro voice) First, we put the victim in the toilet.
We cover the rear ventilation grill
with packing tape.
Then, we fill 4 empty cans with kerosene...
and put in a piece of clothing.
We turn it on and put the cans inside the toilet.
And now, the only thing left to do
is to close the door and seal it with packing tape.
And how did they expire, this man, in here?
Well, now you'll see.
Oh... Oops.
At the moment the water is only up to my ankles.
How the fuck can anyone drown in here?
What I do feel is very hot.
What's that?
The fire's gone out.
Eh?
Eh ?!
What's the matter?
Why does it itch, now?
And now what's wrong?
(Door: knocks)
And now, watch carefully.
Are you all right?
But Mr. Mouri, may I know what you have forced me to do?
I was about to drown!
What a bad time I had!
Is this because the pressure inside the toilet has dropped?
Don't you remember doing it in science class?
You put water in a dish that is a little deep
and a lit candle in the middle.
You then cover it with a glass bell
and, at the moment the candle goes out,
the water is sucked into the bell
in an almost miraculous way.
I'm sure it has.
For it is the same process.
"The kerosene cans burn on the shelf of the toilet,
which is hermetically sealed."
"The air heats up and expands,
causes the oxygen density to decrease and the flames go out."
"Then, the air cools down, it contracts...
"And the rain water is absorbed
through the vent."
The explanation is correct, isn't it,
Sunami Masaki,
science teacher?

When Mr. Tanba, who was drunk, accompanied her in the car,
he actually took her to the portable toilet in the parking lot.
He must have said to her something like:
"I've left my car keys, wait here for a while,
so you don't get wet."
"And, once he's had her inside,
"he knocked him out with a stun gun,
"She slipped a rope through his belt and tied him to the toilet lid
to prevent the poor man from being able to stand up straight."
"Then he put the four full cans of kerosene on the shelf,
"He padlocked the door shut
and stuck a 'out of order' sign on it."
"Then he has covered the rear ventilation grill...
"With packing tape
"And he covered the drain in the parking lot with a towel
so that the water would collect."
After a while, Miss Mona, who is very long-suffering,
would go and see what Mr. Tanba was doing.
This is what she had calculated.
In case she didn't say anything,
you would tell her to go and have a look.
She has shown a lot of cold blood,
because you continued bowling as if it were nothing...
knowing that he was unconscious in the bathroom.
When Miss Mona came back,
she explained to him that Mr. Tanba was not inside the car
and made it look like he was looking around the parking lot.
"Once she has seen that there was enough water around the toilet,
"He ripped off the 'out of order' sign and removed the padlock,
"He lit the cloth from the cans he'd left on the shelf.
and taped the door shut with packing tape."
"Then, as in the experiment,
"The rainwater rushed into the sink so quickly
that the victim was unable to do anything about it."
"Shortly after Mr. Tanba drowned,
"You and Miss Monna went to look for him in the bars
and encouraged us to help you."
In this way he had the perfect alibi
and he had already accomplished his goal.
When he returned to the parking lot, he took the towel out of the drain,
let the accumulated water run off and ripped off the packing tape.
"He has thrown the kerosene cans into the wastebasket,
"He has cut the belt cord
"And, to disguise the fact that water had accumulated inside the toilet..."
he put a roll of toilet paper on the shelf...
the toilet roll holder.
And, finally, she squealed...
when he made it clear that he had just discovered the corpse.
The key to this crime is the speed with which the victim's body was found.
The longer it would have taken to discover it
and the more time would have passed since the time of death,
the less strength their alibi would have had.
And that is why you, who found the body,
is the only possible murderer.
You are the only person who could calculate the time
it would take for the water to accumulate.
I'm guessing that by now forensics has already found the packing tape
with his fingerprints on it in the toilet.
And the packing tape is very hard to get out, if not with your hands.
Am I right, Sleeping Kogoro?
Ah, yes.
-Huh?
-But what you say is impossible.
Because... because the Sunami had no reason to want to kill in Tanba.
-Yes, I do.
-Didn't have one.
-Huh?
-Huh?
This man let my best friend die
and did nothing to stop it.
Your best friend?
My little sister?
Yes.
You know your little sister was engaged to Mr. Tanba.
But... she threw herself off a cliff into the sea.
She left a suicide note.
Earlier, however, you received an e-mail that said:
"We're going far away, just me and him."
Yes.
It wasn't an e-mail to say that you were running away together,
but it was trying to explain to you that they intended to die together.
- (tearful) But he...
-Eh?
He, in the end, got cold feet...
and left the cliff without stopping her from jumping off and killing herself.
-Yes.
-What you say... -Is it true?
He confessed to me one day... that he'd had too much to drink.
In tears he said that he had behaved like a real coward.
But... even if he was,
my best friend loved her so much
that she died for him.
And so... I took her to the water, where she is waiting for him.
I went ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.

Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
What?
That you went to look for the murderer by yourself?
B-but why?
I don't understand.
-Yes.
That you knew something, you?
Did you know who it might be?
No, but since you've deduced that the killer must be very strong,
I thought I could identify him by the criminal's looks.
What?
What? What? What? What?
I'm sure you thought that, if you could, you'd give him a good beating, right?
Gee, yeah.
That's more or less it.
(At the same time) I wanted to beat him up.
Anyway, I couldn't expect anything less from Kogoro.
I couldn't expect anything less from the Sleeping Kogoro.
He solved the case perfectly, as usual.
It's no big deal...
"I'm good, I can't do any more."
But I heard something, by the way.
This experiment...
"This idiot is hopeless... He'll never change."
...I could have prepared myself a little bit.
"But today, if anyone should take credit for solving the case...
it's her."
Oh.
Come to think of it, Father.
Run and change your pants, you'll catch cold.
You've been sitting in the water
while you were making all those deductions.
Did I?
Oh.
What is this?
I'm soaking wet!
It's normal, isn't it?
Earlier you said that if you had to wet your pants, you'd wet them.
I said that?
How can that be?
(Sonoko) He said it.
He said it.
(Yamamura) But it was fantastic, really.
- (Kogoro) Really, inspector...
- (cell phone: message tone)
"A message? It's from my brother."
"Wow..., so that's it."
"Mm? P.S.?"
(Inaudible)
"I guess so."
Yeah, I've been told that, yeah.
In Kaito Kid goes back on the attack, right?
"In Kaito Kid?"
That in Kaito Kid and in Makoto will face off in a fight?
But what are you saying?
This you will see when we arrive.
Yes, I will protect the jewel with my hands and my life.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Kaito Kid vs. On Makoto Kyogoku (part one)."

