(Man) What have you won 400 times in a row?
At the World Karate Tournament?
That's great news, Makoto.
My goodness!
That must be really nice to see.
Yeah, well, it's just that, unfortunately,
I couldn't participate the other day
and now it's considered as if I lost the match.
That's the day you couldn't go because of me, isn't it?
-Oh, this...
-Oh!
If it wasn't for that, Makoto would still be invincible,
a karate legend!
To Suzuki we don't need extraordinary physical strength.
What counts is whether you are prepared
to take over the management of the Suzuki Financial Group!
-Huh?
-Are you?!
Come on, Tomoko, woman..., we don't need to rush it either.
But they still go to high school, this pair!
Mm?
So what?
Now that it's already decided that the Ayako will marry the Tomizawa's son,
we must think about the Sonoko.
The only possibility of having a successor
is for Sonoko's future husband to take our surname.
And if things were done as they should be done, as they have always been done,
what we should take into account is the surname
and the academic background of the suitor.
I was expecting a more suitable boy for the Suzuki family,
and not one like this, who is a little boy still in high school!
He needs to go outside to improve his martial arts!
-Oops!
-What is it, that everything depends on me now?
Well, you know... I'm not going to stay in this family.
What the hell are you doing?!
Come on, calm down.
Makoto, son, it seems to me that in a while you have to catch a plane, right?
I'll tell the driver to take you to the airport.
We'll continue this conversation another day.
Oh, thank you.
And, above all, let me know when you make the next tournament, please, kid.
Although it may not seem like it, I like martial arts very much.
And so much.
-Huh?
- (cell phone)
Ah, I'll get it, it's the Ran.
Wait a minute, we haven't finished talking!
-Mm!
-Hello, how are you?
How are you?
In Kaito Kid, you said?
Yes, that's right.
The Kaito Kid wants to steal a jewel back from your uncle Jirokichi.
He sent him a letter warning him about the theft.
They just read it on the TV news.
(Sonoko) "What are you saying? Really? How exciting!"
(Sonoko) "I'm hanging up, I'll call my uncle and see what he has to tell me."
(Mobile: end of call)
Aaa... just a moment!
I wanted to tell you not to rush.
Today there is Makoto at his house and he should be careful!
(Shinichi, think) "Well, you have it clear."
-Hello, who are you, uncle?
How are you?
- (mobile: ringtone)
Yes, I've already been told, yes.
It looks like the Kaito Kid is back on the attack, right?
(Think) "In Kaito Kid?"
(Shinichi voice) "The sun warms up with a dazzling radiance."
"A show of deductions that hooks."
"What will happen between the Sonoko's two favorite kids?"
"And in Jirokichi Suzuki has found the foolproof security system?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
(Conan Voice) "In Kaito Kid vs. in Makoto Kyogoku
(First part)."
What?
I can't believe it!
That we've lost the hundred simulations against En Kaito Kid?
And he's also outwitted the last security system we've set up?
-Yes, exactly.
-The one we debuted the other day?
But-but think of it as just a computer simulation.

We have introduced the "modus operandi" of Kaito Kid known so far.
-Yes, he is too good.
-He's really too good.
Oooh!
Mm!
What's next?
The exhibition starts tomorrow.
How will we manage to protect this extraordinary jewel
that I have worked so hard to get?
Just think, I've had to move heaven and earth
because this alexandrite will end up being part...
of my collection.
The Green Emperor is the most valuable green stone in the world.
Yeah, but, of course,
that the Kaito Kid can disguise himself as anyone in the world..,
that he's smart enough to come out unscathed
from all imaginable situations
and that, in addition, he has a superhuman physical strength,
leaves us with very few options to stop him.
There is no security system that can do anything,
against such a person.
If you want, we can try the simulation again...
by decreasing the Kid's abilities by 20%.
He is human, like everyone else, it may also be that one day he will not be 100%.
Impossible!
The Kid is the best thief that has ever been on the face of the Earth.
And every time he steals, he improves his skills.
Lowering them by 20% won't do us any good.
I can see we don't have the security to protect the jewel,
and I can't risk it,
with 100% probability that the Kid will steal it from us.
Given the scenario, I should probably suspend the exhibition.
-Eh?
-Excuse me, Mr. Suzuki.
There's, there's a man at the entrance...
who says he wants to talk to you personally at all costs.
And who is he?
If you want to listen to him, you'd better let him go.
You heard me!
I just want to talk to Mr. Suzuki for a moment.
-Can I know what's going on?
-I want to talk in person!
M-Mr. Suzuki...
Good evening, my name is Makoto Kyogoku, I'm the guy dating Sonoko.
Nice to greet you.
Ah, so you're Sonoko's boyfriend...
And what do you want to tell me?
I know that they want to steal a very valuable jewel.
And that's why I've come here to offer you my help...
as a watchman.
I ask your permission to become part
of the security service in charge of guarding the jewel.
-Huh?
But-but why?
I don't understand!
Permission denied.
Because you're too young.
And I'm sure you've only come because you've learned
that Sonoko is madly in love with this thief.
But don't suffer, man, this will be like a tonsil operation.
What-what do you mean?
That it won't take Sonoko long to get him out of her mind,
this thief, once we've eliminated her.
But, please, Mr. Suzuki...!
- (mobile)
-Quiet here, boy.
- "Why?"
-Wow, Sonoko, you call just in time.
"What's in Makoto, here with you?"
He must be listening to me, I know I can help him!
(Sonoko) I'm calling from Haneda Airport.
I went to get Makoto's boarding pass,
and all of a sudden it's gone.
The driver just told me that he asked for your address,
so I deduced that he had come to see you.
Well, this is it, yes, the nano.
And I've already seen that he knows how to karate.
He not only knows strength.
He has been world champion 400 times in a row.
He's the prince of kicks, he's invincible.
How?
400 times... in a row?
(Man) You don't want me to put any agent in the room where the jewel will be exhibited?
And may I know why?
If the Kaito Kid has already warned that he would come to steal it!
Mr. Suzuki called me and told me that if we put them there, no one would interfere with the new security system.
would interfere with the new security system and it would be a problem.
What an extravagant old man!
What has he come up with now?
Just after hanging up, he sent me this video.
I advise you to watch it carefully.
He sent you a video?
Mm!
O-oh, man!
A lone man surrounded by armed security agents?
Evidently, the guns are BB guns.
Still, he's surrounded by a lot of men.
And, if you notice, the one in the middle, on top...,
is wearing a gas mask that makes it difficult for him to see.
It's easy to deduce that he can't dodge all the bullets, right?
Shoot all at once, and shoot to kill.
-Makoto Kyogoku says to himself.
-What?

Mr. Suzuki says it is the best security system in the world.
-The best.
That's what he said.
-The... best system in the world, he says?
You know Mr. Suzuki's niece, Miss Sonoko Suzuki, don't you?
Well, this boy happens to be her boyfriend.
He-her boyfriend, you said?
(thinks) "Gee, gee, gee, how interesting!"
My goodness!
Please don't tell me...
you plan to spend the whole night here inside the museum.
Yes.
I have no choice.
I must know this room by heart.
But... don't worry about me.
I've brought a sleeping bag and provisions for food.
Listen, kid.
Would you be willing to make a bet with me?
A-a... bet?
What?!
That the Kaito Kid and Makoto will face off in combat?
(Sonoko) "Oh, so much!"
But what are you saying?!
And is it for sure, this?
It looks like Makoto has gone to talk directly with my uncle
about the jewel theft.
I guess he got jealous when he heard me talking about en Kaito Kid.
Don't you find it exciting,
that two such handsome men would want to face each other
in such a dangerous match... just for me?
That they will fight for you?
What are you saying?
(Shinichi, think) "Kaito Kid doesn't even think about the Sonoko."
And let's see one thing... Which of the two flights will win, you?
In Kid or in Makoto?
Well, the truth is...
I want him to win in Makoto, obviously.
But, on the other hand, I don't want him to lose on Kid either.
Ah!
So, what's the deal, then?
Who do you want to win?
(Sonoko) "Oh, I don't know, it's just that in Makoto..., you know, it's..."
- (interference)
- "But in Kid... it's just that in Kid..."
Sonoko, what are you?
I can't feel you!
- (mobile: end of call)
-You can't feel me, you say?
Ran!
What's this?
What is this?!
No coverage?
I've limited you with this transmitter.
Oh?!
Oh...!
Hello, miss, how are you?
Oh!
Well, if it isn't the Kaito Kid!
What... what are you doing here?
Well, look, I was tired...
and I decided to stop for a moment to rest my wings.
And, by the way, I also wanted to take the opportunity to say hello to you...
and to propose something to you: I'd like to make a bet.
Oh!
What's that?
And you say that the Kaito Kid came to see you at home?
Yes, it's very strong.
I can't believe it!
He stood at my window like Peter Pan.
When I saw him I couldn't believe it!
But he had to leave immediately
so that the security guards saw him.
No, I didn't know anything.
They didn't tell you?
So what?
Why did he come to see you?
You want to know?
Because I wanted to propose a bet.
"Precious, if I manage to steal the jewel", he said,
"I want you to kiss me."
(Shinichi, he thinks) "Liar!"
How strong!
Go on, say what he really said!
Mm?
Ah... What did she tell me?
Well, that, as I had already let my uncle Jirokichi know,
he intends to steal the Green Emperor,
the alexandrite jewel that will be on display at the museum starting today.
But in reality,
he wants to take it away to exchange it for a treasure
that is part of the financial group that my family has, and that you will specify later on
and that he will specify later.
And he wants me to convince my uncle to accept the exchange.
But what is this other treasure?
I don't know, he told me he would tell me once the work was done.
What about you?
What did you answer him?
What did you think?
What did you want me to answer him?
Evidently, I told him that I wasn't going to accept any bet...
that a criminal like him would propose to me.
Eh?
Yeah, sure!
I was coming to tell him the same thing, but in a different tone.
I was coming to tell him the same thing, but in a kinder tone of voice.
(Shinichi, thinks) "How strange!"
"The only jewel that you may want in Kaito Kid
Is the giant precious stone that is known as the Great Jewel."
"But if the Suzuki Financial Group had it,
Sonoko's uncle would have already used it as bait to catch him."
"Besides, it doesn't make sense for him to reveal his plans to Sonoko either."
I-I at Makoto?
Where is she now?
He was supposed to protect the jewel personally, wasn't he?
Yes, and I assure you... she won't part with it even an inch.
Not-not an inch?
What's that supposed to mean?

That it is not exhibited in the museum, the jewel, now?
Yes, it is.
In the Suzuki Museum, where we're going right now.
Don't tell me it's glued to a museum display case
with a face of few friends?
You'll see this when we get there!
Mom, how come he's making this bored face?
this boy who wears the jewel around his neck?
-Oh, daughter, let him be.
He's not happy?
Gee, what the...?!
What?
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's what the Ran said."
(Conan voice) Eh?
Congratulations, Sonoko.
My niece has good judgment, she has chosen an invincible boyfriend!
-Hello, Uncle.
How are you?
-That's the way I like it.
Congratulations.
But if the letter in Kid said that he would steal the jewel at ten o'clock at night, when there are no visitors in the museum,
when there are no visitors in the museum.
-He proposed it himself, not me.
-How come you already put him here?
What?
He says he wants to avoid the possibility
that the KID steals the jewel before the scheduled time
and change it for a fake.
I don't know, but I think it's very sensible.
I don't deny that this kid is a world karate champion,
but he's also very young.
I don't know if he is the most appropriate person to guard the jewel.
-What?
-But you haven't seen it yet?
The video I sent to the police station.
"Didn't you see how he knocked out
eleven men faster than lightning?"
"An impressive feat, I've never seen anything like it."
Yeah, but if in the KID he uses his best technique...
and leaves everything in the dark, it's clear to us.
Don't suffer for it.
This kid is the prince of kicks.
He doesn't see with his eyes, he sees with his mind.
I'm convinced that he can win at Kaito Kid
even in the dark.
- (both) Mm?
- (Makoto) What if it wasn't the case?
-Another plan?
-I have a secret plan prepared.
One of the Kid's techniques
is to impersonate someone close to us.
He will disguise himself perfectly in order to get close to the jewel.
Like... that time he pretended to be my husband.
He tricked me with a fake phone call.
What a thing, huh?
And both Mr. Suzuki and Inspector Nakamori
have had similar experiences, right?
Yes, that's why we always do this now.
We pulled each other's cheeks.
Yes, men can certainly do that to each other.
AAAA!
But to do the same to a woman would be very rude.
That's why I have prepared my plan.
A spectacular suit jacket from a master in Paris....,
an exclusive design that has just arrived to me right now.
- (all) Oh!
-You can't find it anywhere.
But-but the Kid could also easily fall asleep in it
and take it off and put it on himself.
No, because he never disguises himself as a woman.
To his knowledge, he has never stolen a costume to impersonate a woman?
in any of the robberies he has committed so far.
In other words, whenever I wear this exclusive outfit...
everyone will know that I'm the real Tomoko.
Maybe so, but...
(Shinichi, think) "You haven't thought about the Masumi, I see."
Evidently, I've also made some beautiful dresses....
for Sonoko and her little friend.
But... I came straight from high school,
I didn't even know I was coming here!
-Aaai!
-Please go and change.
But first I have to pinch your cheeks to see what to expect.
Oh...!
O-Of course.
Because...
...I'm sure Mr. Suzuki wouldn't want any way
for this Kaito Kid to get away from him again.
Mm?
He-he-he-he!
Oh, that's right!
I looked in the mailbox this morning and found a letter from the Kid.
-Huh?
-A letter?
-Huh?
-It says it's for Makoto.
But... but what should it say?
What does it say?
- (all three) What?!
-Oh, it's blank!
I can't believe he neglected
to write the contents of the letter!
Maybe he's afraid to face this good karate master.
Maybe it's written with invisible ink.
(All) Eh?!
Maybe it is.
Let's get a flame closer to see it.
(All) Ah!
I'd say I smell lemon.
Invisible ti-ink?
Let's try my lighter, let's see.
Yes, it's starting to show.
"I hope we're playing fair now. Kaito Kid."
-Yeah.
There's nothing else.
-Huh?
That's all it says?
He-he-he!
It's a coded message

which means that if you dare to fight him face to face.
A challenge unbecoming of him and very inelegant.
Come on, let's go, Sonoko and Ran, you've got to change.
Ah... all right!
Eh?
Just a moment, please.
-What?! -Oh!
-Oh! -Oh!
Ah! (All)
(All) All right!
(All) Great!
Little kids can't see it, though.
-Oh... -Oh... Yeah, right.
-You have to be strong.
Promise?
You'll get out.
Because you're very good.
Yes, I'll protect the jewel... with my hands and my life.
-Oh! -Oh!
-Come on, come on, Sonoko.
She's right.
I know you're going out, too.
And I trust that you won't deceive me, that I can count on your word.
Yes..., you can count on it.
I went ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
(All) Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
What?!
But what is this?
(All) Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
Kaito Kid!
What, are you ready, Kaito Kid?
I'm waiting for you!
And I really want to make you pay for everything you've done to me over the years.
May I look at them for a moment, please?
But-but what are you doing?
You don't need to take them out of the bag.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"On Kaito Kid vs. on Makoto Kyogoku (Part Two)."

