Ah... Wait a second, Sato.
What's so important that you wanted to tell me?
-Nothing.
Come on, come on, push. -Okay, as you wish.
(Thinking) "Stop, wait a second. This reminds me of something."
"That time, when I opened the car door..."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You've bitten, you've bitten!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"That day I fell on all fours."
"Come on, come on, you'll make it look like you didn't expect it today either."
Aaaaah!
What a scare!
Don't ever do that to me again, that's it.
Ah, well...
-What are you doing? -What?
Nothing, nothing, I just thought... it was another joke.
I told you to tell you something important.
I know, but the other day you told me the same thing...
and it turned out to be a trap.
-You mean. -What?
You really didn't notice me?
I assure you, I don't know anything about what you're talking about.
The only thing I've noticed when I've seen you is that you're as beautiful as ever...
Don't talk nonsense.
That's not what I meant.
Lla-then what do you mean?
I don't have it.
I mean that.
What do you mean?
That you don't have...?
You don't have what?
Ouch.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You mean you don't have the...?
Shut up.
Especially don't tell anyone, I'm ashamed.
I- Sure, no one.
I don't know what I'll do.
In the end, it's a question of responsibility.
Don't worry, I'll take my responsibility.
Takagi...
"Just a moment."
"When two agents get married, especially if they work in the same department,
"Like us,
"One has to accept the transfer in order to prevent the couple's relationship
from interfering in the professional sphere."
"Sato is the soul of the department."
"If she is transferred,
the other inspectors won't forgive me."
"I guess it's better if they transfer me."
"No, no. I'd better do a head butt and quit the job."
-All right, entesos. -Huh?
Let's get going right away.
A witness has spotted the suspect we're looking for in the Beika neighborhood.
-We'll question him right away. Ah... Yes.
-The... the Miwako will have a child? -She is pregnant.
"The sun warms with a dazzling radiance."
"A spectacle of deductions that engages."
"Will Sato propose to Takagi?"
"A perfect alibi, a flower for every occasion."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"A love story between policemen (The confession)."
Hey, guys.
What's wrong with him, he won't stop yawning?
He's starting to look like Haibara.
What do you want me to do?
I can't help it.
You know what's wrong?
That the latest Titan Hunter release is awesome.
Yes, we're super excited.
Did you spend all summer vacation cooped up at home playing it?
Oh, by the way.
I've reached level 5. With a little help from my dad.
Are you serious?
Well, I've been eaten 500 times by the blue giant.
What kind of game is this?
It's a role-playing game.
It represents that you are the owner of a castle
and you have to protect it from giants attacking it.
Ah.
Come to think of it.
The help manual came out today, didn't it?
-You're right. Look, there's a store over there.
-Maybe the venen. Let's go take a look.
Hey, wait!
Didn't we say we'd go to the park and play soccer for a while?
There's nothing to do. "What a stick!"
"There must have been an accident, here."
"The plant that makes these flowers seems to me to be called physostègia."
"And it's usually given away when..."
Come on, Conan.
What vain, now?

Don't lag behind.
Yes, I'm coming.
It's amazing, isn't it, that two people can look so much alike?
Yes, oh, so much.
It's finally time for lunch.
Shall we stick around and get something to eat?
Yeah, sure.
Come to think of it, you must be starving.
I am?
Why do you say that?
(Genta) Wow, how cool!
- (Genta) It's the haok sword. (Ayumi) It's amazing.
It has an attack potential of over 10,000,
and it says here that it's the only sacred sword feared by giants.
But it doesn't look good here because the picture is in black and white.
It says you won't be able to use it
until you've defeated the red supergiant at level 8.
We still have a long way to go.
-I've had it for a while now. What?
It has a golden hilt
and a red drawing on the blade.
Once you get it, you have to continue to strengthen it...
with other power-enhancing items.
I don't believe this.
So you've already reached level 8?
-Yes. I know who you are.
You go to the next class.
This better not be a bluffing lie.
It's not a lie.
Am I telling the truth, Toshinari?
Yes.
In Noriya she has tried very hard.
"Hey. This is the boy from before."
If you really have the haok sword, I'd really like to see it.
-Me too.
It's-I me.
Would you like to come to Toshinari's house and I'll show it to you?
If you don't mind, sure.
Can I tell them to come?
All right, go get in the car.
In the meantime, I'll go through the cashier.
-All in all it will be 1,350 yen, sisplau. -Can I pay by card?
-Yes, you can.
Do you want to finance it? -No, that's not necessary.
I'll charge it right away.
(Shinichi voice) A foreign car, a platinum card...
Ten to come from a rich family.
(Shinichi's voice) Wow!
This building is about to fall apart.
Don't be mouthy.
It looks beat up, but it's cozy inside.
Noriya, go inside while I go park the car.
Yes.
How cool!
It's the real haok sword!
That's right, the hilt is golden.
(All) How cool!
It's so cool.
I love it.
What envy!
(All) "Madre mia!"
"To the garbage there are only bags of potatoes,
instant noodles and convenience food."
"Can't say it's a very healthy lifestyle."
Haibara.
Digues.
Didn't you hear a strange stench? No.
There doesn't seem to be any organic waste in here.
Not in here, I meant outside, in the corridor.
Well... I don't know, I haven't noticed.
D'acord.
What are you doing?
Stop rummaging through other people's closets.
(Conan voice) Hey, Noriya.
Say.
It hasn't been long, living on this floor, your brother, has it?
Mm-hm.
About a month or so ago.
Before the summer vacation I lived in the same building as my parents.
But it turns out that in Toshinari he's not my brother,
but my cousin.
He is the son of my mother's older sister.
My father has already been abroad on business for a while now
and now the mother has gone for a week to keep him company.
I will live with him in Toshinari until mother returns home.
Will you stay here for the whole week? Yes.
The mother also asked me as a favor.
Toshinari's older sister
died in a traffic accident 6 months ago.
He's been pretty discouraged since then,
so the mother asked me to stay with him to cheer him up.
"So, the place where he has left the flowers before?
Must be where his sister died."
By the way, the other day we were looking at pictures of his sister.
She was a very nice girl,
we used to hike and go camping together.
Wow.
I didn't remember there were so many.
Won't you let me see them for a moment?
"How strange!"
"Of these last photographs
there's not one of them where I'm looking at the camera."
"And, besides, at the top there's a little hole."
(Male: call)
It's my cousin Toshinari's voice!
"It's coming from the hallway. I have a bad feeling."
"It's the next floor."
"The stench I felt was coming from here."
(Ayumi) Co... Conan!
What happened, Conan? Don't move from here.
Haibara, please call the police.
Tell them we just found a dead man.
- (all) What? -(all) All right, you guys.
"What is this?"

"The photos hung on this board..."
"The margins do not match
with the dark area that the sun has not faded."
"And not just in one, but in many."
"Why is that?"
"Eh? There aren't any where I come out looking at the camera."
"There's a little hole in the top."
"It can't be."
"Could it be that the killer was...?"
"And now!"
(Yumi) Wow, tough, huh?
I wouldn't have thought that pair would have made it this far.
Oh, so far.
This is called the play.
Poor Takagi.
Deep down, I pity him.
The compadre?
What for?
Think what will happen when everyone knows, especially the inspectors.
Yes, you're absolutely right.
Inspector Sato is the apple of his eye.
-She drank oli in Takagi. Oh, so much.
-I mean it. Huh?
-D... About it, Yumi. Mm?
It's just that the face you're making doesn't match what you're saying.
Eh?
The victim's name was Hiroto Yasutomi.
He was 31 years old and self-employed.
According to the report written by the coroner,
it appears that he died yesterday, between 7:00 and 9:00 at night.
(Sato) He received stab wounds to the chest and abdomen.
By the way, the person who found the body was the next door neighbor,
Mr. Toshinari Shiga.
-It's you, isn't it? -Yes.
When I was returning home after parking,
I smelled a very strange odor
that seemed to me to be coming from the apartment next door.
As the door wasn't locked,
I opened it and found this.
I stopped when I saw that this guy, a friend of my cousin Nori,
a friend of my cousin Noriya, came running in after me.
(Sato) But it's in Conan!
Then, the girl who called us must have been....
It must have been me.
It is that we have met Noriya in a store
and she invited us to play at her cousin's house.
You are like Mr. Mouri, death follows you wherever you go.
There is always some murder around you.
By... by the way, this time it took you very little time to arrive.
Yes, it's just that we got a call...
to tell us that the owner of a flower shop in the neighborhood
looked a lot like a suspect we were looking for.
But in the end it turned out to be someone else.
Because we were so close to the crime scene,
we were asked to come and take over the case.
If only Inspector Takagi hadn't been busy
exchanging little secrets with the florist,
we wouldn't have been so late.
What are you talking about?
We stayed in the neighborhood because we had to eat, didn't we?
-Talking about flowers with the seller? -To whom do you want to give them as a gift?
To give it to inspector Sato, you don't have to do it on the sly.
Do you make the jump?
-Ah... You think so too, don't you? No, that's not it.
Why don't we talk about the case?
If the murder was committed yesterday between 7 and 9 o'clock,
maybe I should question Noriya and Toshinari.
After all, they are next door neighbors.
They may have sensed some suspicious noises.
Yesterday, at Toshinari and I watched TV together from 7 o'clock until 9 o'clock.
They were showing the Yaiba the Masked movie.
-Oh, yes.
I saw it too. - Me too.
Very good, I loved it.
I loved it.
Besides, it was the first time it was shown on TV.
And you're sure you didn't hear any strange noises or screams or anything?
Mm-hm.
Although, halfway through the movie,
the neighbor knocked on the door in anger because we had the volume too loud.
What time was it, when the neighbor knocked?
It was about two quarters to 8, give or take, if I'm not mistaken.
I apologized to him through the door
and I lowered the volume right away.
So, this means....
Mr. Yasutomi was still alive at half past one at 8 o'clock.
And then you didn't feel anything strange?
Well... The Yaiba the Masked's movie is about superheroes,
so you hear screams and explosions all the time.
I doubt very much that we could have heard any noise from outside.
Besides, the corpse is in the kitchen.
The place where he died and the room we were in are separated by two other rooms.
are separated by two more rooms.
Come to think of it,
last night we saw our neighbor at the neighborhood grocery store.
And do you remember what time it was?
Well... It was while we were shopping for groceries for dinner.

I didn't know if the food was expired,
and I remember asking Noriya what day it was.
-Did he ask you the date? -Yes.
Because I was carrying the shopping cart
and inside was yesterday's newspaper, which we had just taken.
I looked at the date on the paper
and I told him that yesterday was August 13,
the day the Yaiba movie was shown on TV.
Yesterday was August 13, indeed.
And did you check if Mr. Yasutomi was with anyone yesterday afternoon?
No, I can almost be sure he wasn't with anyone.
Hey, Noriya.
Did your cousin leave the room at some point,
while you were watching the movie?
No, because I was sitting between his legs the whole time.
And what did you do after the movie?
It was over, it wasn't even 9 o'clock yet, was it?
Yes.
I went to the bathroom to pee and then we continued playing.
What do you mean, before the movie started you were also playing?
Yes.
We played after shopping and until it started.
Then Toshinari looked at the clock and said:
"Wow, but it's already 7 o'clock.
We should save the game before the movie starts."
So we saved the game and started the TV.
Luckily, the movie was starting right then and there.
You say, when the Yaiba movie is over, you're going to go to the bathroom, right?
you go to the bathroom, right?
Do you know if your cousin left the house in the meantime?
No.
In fact, he asked me if I felt like having a snack.
And then I'm going to continue playing the video game?
That's right, we played for quite a while, until quite late,
and today we got up very early and went back to play.
After a while, we went down to the store to buy breakfast.
We played some more until about noon,
and then I went to take a nap because I was sleepy.
When I woke up, we continued to play....
and then we went back down to the tent because we were hungry.
-And that's when we got together. All day... all day playing.
Now I understand why you've reached level 8.
What envy!
And you remember that you have eaten, for lunch?
Aha.
As we had gone spicy, we were not hungry at all.
All day long playing and eating potatoes.
-It's like living in paradise, it's the wrong thing to do.
So, today you also spent the whole day with your cousin Toshinari, right?
After breakfast he told me
that he had to go out for a while to run some errands
and I stayed and played.
He asked me to play with my headphones on, of course,
so that the next door neighbor wouldn't get angry again.
What time was this? Let me think...
When we went down to the store to buy breakfast it was a little after 6 o'clock,
and we had breakfast as soon as we got home,
so it must have been 7 o'clock.
The clock behind the cashier's counter read a little after 6,
if I am not mistaken.
So what happened?
Don't tell me you suspect the big cousin.
(Toshinari) About it...
If I am no longer needed, I would like to return home.
I don't find it funny that the children are so close to the corpse, really.
(Toshinari) Sure.
By the way, I'd like to check...
the contents of your garbage bag,
if that's all right.
-No, that would be fine. Oh!
Now that I see you in profile...
Weren't you at the florist's just now, too?
Yes, I bought a bunch of flowers.
I thought so.
I asked the florist which was the most suitable flower
to give someone when you make a wish come true and he said:
"It's the physostègia, the one that customer just bought from me....
just before you two came in".
I saw her as she was leaving, so I recognized her in profile.
This means that something good happened to you, right, Takagi?
You won an ice cream in a raffle?
-Come on, tell us, sisplau. -How?
It's just that...
-Give me a hand, WOMAN. Me?
Why?
(I told you I'd take responsibility.
Ah, you mean "it".
Man, it's true that part of the responsibility is yours.
It's normal that you want to take charge.
I know.
That's why I said it.
So you also bought those flowers.
Yes.
This means that you have also had a wish come true, then.

Ah... Well, yes.
Anyway...
Mr. Shiga, can we stop by your house for a moment?
Yes, sure.
Hey, Takagi.
Mm?
What's up, Conan?
I thought of something you could check out.
What's that?
I saw that at Toshinari Shiga left the flowers on the sidewalk,
in front of the store,
and I thought maybe there had been an accident.
-Now that you mention it, maybe... -Au.
Enough talk, Takagi.
-Yes, come on. Hurry up.
Are you sure you're all right, Sato?
If you weren't feeling well, we could...
"I'm convinced it was him who killed Mr. Yasutomi."
"I have no doubt that it was Toshinari Shiga."
"I'll soon be able to prove that he had a motive."
"The problem is the alibi."
"On August 13 between 7:00 and 9:00 p.m.
"The time when the crime was committed,
he was with Noriya the whole time."
"Shit."
"How should I do it, to kill Mr. Yasutomi?"
Go on, Takagi, tell me.
What is the wish that came true for you?
How?
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.
Where does this tension that can be cut with a knife come from?
You don't know, though, Chiba?
"Oooh! She's already starting to have maternal instincts."
Yesterday, while watching the Yaiba the Masked's movie....
Yes, it's true.
I wanted to pee so badly, but I held it in.
"I knew it!"
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A love story between cops (The truth) ".

