(Shinichi voice) "The boys of the Detective League.
"Have spent their summer vacation
playing a new video game that seems to be all the rage."
"At a store in the neighborhood we met Noriya by chance,
"A classmate from school,
who invited us to play at his older cousin's house in Toshinari."
"When I was beginning to think
"That there was something strange going on in that house,
"In Toshinari he found a brutally murdered man
in the apartment next door."
"Meanwhile, between Inspectors Sato and Takagi..."
That I don't have it!
I mean what...
W-wait a minute, you don't have the...?
Shut up!
Especially don't tell anyone, I'm embarrassed.
-She's pregnant!
-The... the Miwako will have a child?
(Shinichi voice) "The sun warms with a dazzling radiance."
(Shinichi voice) "A show of deductions that engages."
"Inspector Takagi will be a father?"
"They'll both be stunned by this trick."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
(Conan voice) "A love story between policemen (The truth)."
(Men: conversations)
(Conversations)
(Does not feel)
(Humming)
Eh?
(Conversations)
I'm here, I just arrived.
Where does this tension that can be cut with a knife?
-Eh?
-Ah... You don't know, though, Chiba?
(Man, in the background) We are very angry!
(Miwako) It's here, I've already found it.
The tray of the prepared food of August 13
and the diary of the same day.
Yes, of course, I buy it every day, the newspaper.
Anyway, even if it's only for a week,
it's not very appropriate to feed a child on bagged potatoes and ready-made food.
and ready-made food.
He should control what he eats a little bit.
In Noriya, he's in the middle of growing up.
(She thinks) "Oh! She's starting to have maternal instincts already."
"And, to make it even cuter, the father is me!"
-Huh?
-Hey, Takagi.
Have you confirmed Mr. Shiga's alibi?
Ah, yes... The security camera has confirmed his version.
Yesterday, August 13th, around six o'clock in the evening,
Mr. Yasutomi went shopping at the store.
The images also show him at Toshinari Shiga and at Noriya
shopping at the same time, of course.
-And another thing.
-Well.
Six months ago, right in front of the flower shop...
next to the supermarket,
you can see there was a serious traffic accident.
-Yes.
-An accident, you say?
That day, a woman appeared running all of a sudden...
in the middle of the road.
The oncoming car could not avoid her in time.
It ran over her, and crashed into the safety fence...
of the oncoming lane,
and the driver lost consciousness.
"A pedestrian who had seen the whole thing called the ambulance and they were able to save her life.
and they managed to save the driver's life."
"But the woman was trapped under the car and no one saw her.
and no one saw her.
"They took too long to help her and she died."
The driver stated
that the woman had jumped into the roadway without looking,
as if someone was chasing her.
Very good.
And what is the connection between the accident and this murder?
Well, it turns out that one of the employees of the supermarket
saw Mr. Yasutomi running away from the scene.
And, in addition, the woman who was run over and killed...
Yes, the woman who died in that accident was Mika,
my sister.
Since the hit-and-run, every day I carry a bouquet of flowers...
the place where the accident took place.
Wow, I didn't know that.
But the flowers you left her today are very cheerful,

because it is an offering, isn't it?
My sister liked the color pink,
so from time to time I also buy her these flowers.
Hey, Toshinari...
Sure, I understand.
Something.
(All) Eh?
Do you know if your sister had any problems with anyone?
Like, for example... a stalker.
(All) Huh?
-(All) Is it true?
-(All) Huh?
N-no!
Well, she never mentioned to me that she had this problem.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it."
"The man who killed Mr. Yasutomi...
is him, in Toshinari Shiga."
"The problem is the alibi."
"He has an alibi for August 13 between seven and nine o'clock,
the time frame in which the crime was committed."
"In Noriya he says he was with him the whole time."
I'm going to open the window a little to ventilate.
Geez, it's getting dark already!
I have to go home.
You're leaving already?
Now that I've just opened a bag of potatoes?
Can't you see they're falling on the floor, man?!
Yes, but only plastic.
Is there a plate in the kitchen?
What happened to your leg?
What happened to your leg?
It looks like you've been pinched.
I-I must have scratched a mosquito bite.
Hey, yesterday, while you were watching the Yaiba the Masked man movie...
Yeah, that's right.
I really wanted to pee, but I held it in.
(Shinichi, think) "So, that diary..."
Eh?
What are you doing, Conan?
"Let's see."
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it. All that's missing is the diary of August 12th."
"It's quite clear. He's the culprit."
"It was him, who manipulated the time...
to fabricate a perfect alibi."
"Even manipulating Noriya's mind."
(Miwako) Let's recap: yesterday between seven and nine o'clock at night,
the time of the crime,
at Noriya and Toshinari Shiga were all the time
the apartment next to where the victim died,
but they were watching an action movie on TV.
It is normal that they did not feel any strange noises.
We will have no choice but to
but to question the other neighbors in the building.
I've already tried and got nothing.
The building is scheduled to be demolished next year
and there are no neighbors left,
I shot an elderly couple who live on the third floor.
Yesterday they slept at their cleaner's house.
(Miwako) Wow.
Yes.
(Shinichi's voice) Take the kids away.
Come on, you guys!
Do you want to sleep over at the doctor's house and play with the console?
-Yes, that's nice!
-Yes, let's play "Titan Hunter"!
I'll come by the house to get the game, then.
What, Noriya, are you in?
You have to explain a lot about the game to us.
Besides, I don't think you want to sleep next to an apartment where someone has died.
(Conan voice) Yes.
What about you?
Aren't you going with them?
But before leaving I wanted to ask you
why you came to live in an apartment that they had already planned to demolish.
I needed a change of scenery.
I used to live with my sister,
but when she died in that car accident...
But Noriya told me that you moved in here a month ago.
The first thing you do when you move out of your house
is to buy pots and pans, but you have all the cupboards empty.
Yes.
But I'm a total kitchen nerd, that's why I don't have any utensils.
Yeah, but I've seen that you don't have any scouring pads...
and no dish soap in the sink either,
so you must not have any dishes or glasses or anything either.
No.... I have to buy, but I never find the time.
Ah, now I get it!
I already thought... you wanted to move back to another apartment...
as soon as Mr. Yasutomi died.
- (both) Eh?!
-Huh?!
But Conan!
What are you saying?
We know that yesterday in Toshinari you watched TV from seven to nine,
the time slot in which the crime was committed,
with your cousin Noriya.
Yes, but do you know what he told me, in Noriya?
That he couldn't go to the bathroom
until the Yaiba movie was over.
Don't you find it very strange,
that they broadcast a two-hour movie all in a row,
without a single commercial?
-Of course, a rented DVD!
-Mm...
-Yes.
-A rented DVD?
When a movie is released on TV,
it's usually released on DVD at the same time, and can be sold or rented.
I get it.

If I already had it rented and had put it in the player, I just had to start it up at seven o'clock,
I just had to turn it on at seven o'clock to make Noriya believe
to make Noriya believe
that they were watching it on television.
But en Toshinari had earlier said that on August 13,
the day of the crime,
in addition to watching the movie, she played with en Noriya all night.
-Yes.
-That's right, isn't it?
Both before and after the movie.
Then it is impossible for him to have committed the crime.
Are you sure, it was the 13th of August?
Yes, of course.
In Noriya said he was sure
so he looked at the date on the newspaper
that they had bought in the store.
-Yes.
-That's it, isn't it?
You see it?
It's crystal clear.
This proves that it was August 13.
How strange!
I must have made a mistake, then.
Because I don't think that in the stores they sell newspapers of the future
with the date of the next day, do they?
-What?
-The tabloids!
The evening edition of the tabloids has the next day's date printed on it.
Maybe he asked Noriya to tell him what day it was,
to trick him into thinking it was the 13th.
Now that you mention it,
the only thing missing from this stack of newspapers is the 12th.
It's normal, he was supposed to buy the afternoon edition dated the 13th....
and then I was supposed to throw it away.
So, it wasn't last night...
that he was watching the film with Noriya..,
but on the 12th, the day before yesterday.
I'm willing to bet that, in reality..,
you have no alibi for the day and time of the crime, the night of the 13th.
W-just a moment, Inspector.
In Noriya you have already told them, haven't you?
It was yesterday, we were watching the movie.
Even if it's small,
you know the difference between yesterday and the day before yesterday.
If you don't believe it,
make my cousin come again and ask him.
He will confirm that we watched the movie yesterday.
Do you want to know what else he told me in Noriya?
That on the evening of August 13, when you came back from buying dinner,
you were playing until the movie started.
When it was over, I will continue playing until quite late at night.
He says he got up early today to play a little longer and, around six in the morning
and, around six o'clock in the morning,
he unloaded both of them to buy breakfast at the store.
He continued playing until noon,
at Noriya he took a nap, and then played some more.
Then, as he was hungry,
he went back down to the tent and that's when we met.
He must have told you that I was with him all the time while he was playing, right?
while he was playing, right?
Yes, but he also told me that this morning, just after breakfast, you left the house for a while,
you left the house for a while
with the excuse that you had to do I don't know what.
And you told him to put on his headphones and continue playing.
-Oh...
-Where did you go, when you went out?
I-I just went down to the street to smoke a cigarette.
Besides, this was this morning.
It doesn't coincide with the time of day when the crime was committed.
Speaking of times..., there's not a single clock in this apartment.
The only thing that can tell the time is Toshinari,
who wears a wristwatch.
And, on top of that, the windows are covered with opaque curtains and,
if you do nothing but snack between meals and play,
you can't possibly get hungry.
So it's very easy to lose track of time.
Maybe you should buy a wall clock.
Y-yes.
Sure, I'm sure.
I'm starting to understand what happened.
What's that?
The day before the crime,
he bought the afternoon edition of the newspaper to trick Noriya
into believing it was August 13th.
That same night he let him play until after ten o'clock
and then played the DVD with the movie.
They watched TV until midnight and, after that,
she let him play in Noriya until the next morning.
When he woke up to tell her that it was already clear,
it was actually later than noon.
He let her play until the afternoon
and then told her that they had to buy breakfast
and they went down to the store again,
but it wasn't really six o'clock in the morning but in the afternoon.
Now I get it!
At this time of the year,
at six o'clock in the morning it is the same light as at six o'clock in the evening.

(Miwako) After breakfast at six o'clock in the evening,
she went out with the excuse that she had to run some errands,
so he had plenty of time to kill Mr. Yasutomi.
In Noriya he did not feel anything
because he was playing with his headphones on.
After committing the crime, he returned home....
and let Noriya continue to play all night.
Today in the morning, August 14, he told Noriya to go make a siesta,
told her to go take a nap and let her sleep until noon.
This has given the child the perception that the 13th and 14th are
that the 13th and 14th are, in reality,
a single day that is a little longer than it should be.
-I don't-I don't know what you want me to tell you now.
-What?
Did I get something wrong?
I had no reason to want to kill my neighbor.
Alza!
I didn't know your sister was so pretty, Toshinari.
But it's weird...
Hey, you!
In the last pictures of the album, she's not looking at the camera.
And, besides, there's a little hole at the top.
I see you were there a lot, weren't you, Toshinari, from your sister?
You were so much, that you were taking pictures of her on the sly?
and hung them up with a thumbtack.
-...a stalker!
Tela had a...
The technicians of the Scientific already told me that.
In the victim's apartment there was a blackboard
full of hanging photographs,
but they didn't match the darker boxes underneath.
Because the photos hung on that blackboard must have been these.
The culprit took them all down
to avoid being linked to the victim,
and hung photographs of Mr. Yasutomi
who must have been at home.
Therefore, the laptop computer...
that the victim had on his desk may contain the originals of the photos.
Check it out right now.
Although it's possible he deleted them yesterday.
-They still must be.
-Okay! -I didn't think to delete the photos from the victim's desk.
It didn't occur to me to delete the photos from the laptop.
I took out all the pictures that were on the board
because I couldn't bear to have my sister's face...
to continue to adorn the wall of that miserable pig's
of that miserable pig.
So, it's true that Mr. Yasutomi was stalking his sister.
Yes.
But I didn't find out until a couple of months ago.
One day I went to the scene of the accident
to leave a bouquet of flowers, as I always do,
and a man I didn't know approached me.
"You're his secret admirer too?", he said to me.
I was intrigued and followed him,
and then I saw him through the window.
"On the wall was a collection of pictures of my sister,
"And as he was looking at them he was saying:
'It's your fault, for running away from me.'"
Is that why his sister crossed the street without looking,
as if she was running away from someone who was chasing her?
Yes, she jumped into the roadway to get away from her stalker,
and the oncoming car ran her over.
Before killing him, I made him confess.
I wanted him to tell me the truth.
"Why did you leave there?"
"Why didn't you tell the medics in the ambulance
that my sister was trapped under the car?"
If I had told them...,
if I hadn't run away, my sister would still be alive.
And he told me... he was too scared.
And then he moved into the apartment on Mr. Yasutomi's side
and planned the murder.
Yes.
It's been a while since my aunt asked me
to take care of Noriya for a week.
But the truth is, I didn't imagine
it would be so easy to lure him into the trap.
What do you mean?
You have no idea.
Haven't you noticed that Noriya would pinch himself to stay awake and keep playing for hours on end?
and continue playing for hours on end?
That's why it worked, because his mother had asked him...
to keep you company and try to cheer you up.
(Shinichi, he thinks) "Or the play wouldn't have worked out for him at all."
Of course, the one who needed to be taken care of...
was not him, but me.
I was ni furi dasu.
Haru no owari tsugeru ame.
Isogu machikado de
kimi wo mitsuketanda.
Ame ga sukina no
Hitotsu kasa ni kakurete.
daremos kinisezu
Zutter yori soeru kara.
Ame Furu machi de kimi to deatte.
Ame Furu machi de kimi wo ushinatta.
Aitakute aenakute afure dasu Namida no ame.
Kaeritai modorenai tooi ni wo Omois de.
Nureru mama tachi tsukusu machikado de Kono kokoro wa.
Mada kimi no koto sagashiteiru.

(Miwako) And in Noriya?
Who will he stay with from now on?
(Takagi) Doctor Agasa has offered to take care of him in his house
until he returns to his mother.
It is seen that the mother has called him from abroad
to explain to him that in Toshinari she had to go on a trip.
I'm going.
What?
Will you tell me at once, or what?
To whom were you going to give those flowers you wanted to buy?
They were for you.
Who did you think they were for?
The truth is, I wanted to surprise you
and-and buy you a bunch of flowers to give you with a ring.
A bouquet of flowers and a ring for me?
Before you give this to me,
I'd rather you give me your red badge.
My-my red badge?
The one given to the inspectors of the research department?
Why do you want it?
Didn't you want to take responsibility?
-Don't you understand?
-What?
Don't you remember that day
when the suspect you had handcuffed got away from you
and I jumped on him to catch him?
The badge fell to the ground without my noticing and I lost it.
After a few hours I saw I didn't have it and I went back to the scene.
and I went back to the scene to try to find it,
but there was no way!
Don't worry, I picked it up and put it in my pocket.
-Sorry, I didn't think to tell you.
-What?
-Hey, hey, wait a minute!
Stop it, Sato!
-What are you saying?!
Really?!
It's true, my red badge!
What a joy!
Woman, it's no big deal.
We have no obligation to wear it.
If you had told the superiors,
they would have given you a new one and nothing would have happened.
Oh, would they?
I didn't know that.
I thought you would have had to apologize to me in writing.
I was so embarrassed... That's why I was so nervous lately.
Lla-Lavoro...
When you told me you didn't have it, don't tell me you meant...?
Yes, my red badge.
- (wheels: squeak)
-What?
(Miwako) Watch out, watch out!
(Miwako) Come on, why are you so worried?
You should be happy that we managed to apprehend the culprit,
so do me a favor and cheer up.
I'll give it a try.
I don't know, I have a strange feeling.
Do you feel watched too?
- (Miwako) Chiba!
-Miwako!
Yumi.
Hey, Yumi, do you know why everyone is watching us?
What happened?
You'll find the answer a little further down.
What?
Hey, Miwako, is it true that you haven't got it?
- (both) That you found it?
-Ah!
Don't worry, I've already found it.
You see?
It looks like Takagi found it and picked it up.
You could have told me before, couldn't you?
You don't know how it made me suffer, this badge.
MM-hm.
-Aaah!
Did... you all know it?!
- (thump)
-What-what... what's... what's wrong? -What... what's wrong?
It's 21:36.
We detain the suspect.
We take him to the interrogation room.
(Radio: male) "Receiving."
E-ei, wait a minute!
Nooo!
Well..., Takagi must have made them angry again.
Forgive me, it was a misunderstanding!
I can explain everything, I swear!
Please, let me go!
Let me go and I'll tell him everything!
Sato, help me!
(Ayumi) Oh, how nice!
Mm.
Two more, and they're very good friends of ours.
-Ha-ha!
-Teva, Ayumi!
Look, she's drowning!
But why do you want to see her?
Do you think there might be something important?
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The man betrayed by the sea".

