(Seagulls: shriek)
(Ayumi) Oh!
How beautiful!
How many yachts there are!
Where should you be able to go, with a yacht like this?
I'm sure you can go to every country in the world.
-I'd so much like to go up there...
-You can go everywhere by sea.
-I'd like something else.
-Yes, me too.
I'm getting a little hungry.
Why don't we go get the lunch boxes?
Oh, you're always the same, Genta. You're always the same, Genta.
You have no adventurous spirit at all.
Oh!
Wow, that looks good!
Don't let him see us.
I'd say this is him.
Mr. Takiguchi?
I've just come from the Shirakaba Hotel.
I'm bringing you the order you ordered for us.
Have you seen it?
It's from a hotel.
Yes.
Now I understand why everything looks so good.
Out you go.
You don't have to look at it so much, you won't taste it either.
Play two, go ahead.
(Woman) Excuse me, but don't be so rude.
Thank you very much.
They have gone very fast.
(Barking)
Oh, what a cute little dog!
It is called Coro.
And he also wears a very nice collar.
Thank you very much, but it's plastic, it's not a real stone.
Where do you want me to leave it, all this food?
Ah, yes, excuse me.
If you could bring it on board, you'd be doing us a favor.
-But...
-You don't want to go up, do you?
We'd go up, but we don't know you at all.
Think that the food in this hotel is delicious.
Come on, get in!
But, if we eat, you may not have enough food for yourselves.
What an indecisive scoundrel!
We've ordered plenty of food.
Don't worry, you won't finish it.
Oh...
So, you're really inviting us to eat?
Of course we are.
We always like company.
We'd be honored if you'd join us.
In this case, there is only one thing we can say to you:
thank you very much for the invitation!
"The sun warms up with a dazzling radiance."
"A show of deductions that engages."
"We will all be eyewitnesses to the tycoon's dive."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he's got the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"The man betrayed by the sea."
Where have they gone, those?
How could I not have seen them?
You didn't see them because you fell asleep on the beach.
We look a little more
and, if we don't see them, we'll eat all their food.
Oops, I don't know if they would forgive us, that.
You know you can't play with food.
You're right.
Mmm... What a pity that Conan and Haibara aren't around
and they can't taste all this good stuff they've given us.
It's not our problem.
It's good enough for them, having fallen asleep on the beach.
Ah.
Do you have any other friends around here?
Hm.
Two more, and they are very good friends of ours.
But Haibara said she didn't want to spend too much time in the sun.
Gee, if she's so young and cares so much about taking care of her skin,
when she grows up she'll be a joy to watch, this girl.
Well, she should meet Conan.
She's our age, but she reads detective novels late into the night...
and does a lot of things when she's older.
Sorry, you can't have everything.
Yeah, but he's not very handsome.
Hello, Conan.
You must be Haibara.
You're a very pretty girl.
Thank you very much, but when I get a little older, I'll be more so, won't I?
He-he!
You're a lovely girl now, woman.
She seems to be in a hurry to grow up, she.
Oh!
And may I ask what you two are doing here?
That's what I should be asking her.
We've been looking for you for a while.
I don't know if he knows it's almost lunchtime.
I'm sorry for your mothers, they must have made you lunch,

but I'm sure they can save it for another time.
If you wish, you can come up to the yacht and have lunch with us.
Yes, yes, come.
This meat is delicious.
-Yes.
-And the lobster is also very good. -And the lobster is also very good.
Oh.
(Genta) To eat lobster, Mitsuhiko, it'll hurt you.
(Mitsuhiko) But what are you saying!?
It's all shell!
It's not funny to me.
My king.
Come, they'll still laugh at you, too.
They look like they're on their honeymoon.
Yes, in fact, I have to say that we got married only 6 months ago.
Oh, and I also have to say it's my first marriage.
I was so busy growing my business,
I really hadn't thought about getting married.
(Ayumi) How nice!
I would so much like to sail for a while with the yacht
and swim in this beautiful sea...
Don't talk nonsense.
How can you go swimming if you can hardly swim?
If I had a yacht like this, I'd know more than you and everything.
Or rather, Ayumi.
Yes, sir!
I'm sure you'll learn sooner or later.
I learned when I was a grown-up, don't believe me.
I didn't stop until I knew.
Don't you know they say that will is power?
What to do?
Did you join a gym with a swimming pool?
No, when I renovated the house,
I had a pool built for me.
I'll show you something you like.
I didn't know, that you had recorded this.
Come on, that's enough.
You'll embarrass me, though.
But after a while... Look at this.
(Ayumi) How nice!
Wow.
Now she knows a lot about swimming.
Well, let's go.
Who's up for a race?
Let's see who's the first to get to that beach over there.
Ayumi, you can use the float if you want.
-Ah, but king.
-I'm in.
You just drank wine, and your blood pressure was too high before.
You should rest for a while before going for a swim,
and even more if you want to do a race.
Too bad.
I'm sure I would have beaten them all.
(barking)
Oh.
He-he!
How old is he, in Coro?
He's very young.
He just turned one.
Yes?
Well, the buckle on the collar is very rusty.
That's because we take him out for walks even when it rains.
Oh.
Yes.
We're running late.
We should go home, shouldn't we?
What a mug, to get your fill like this without me!
It wouldn't have taken you that long to come and warn me.
You had me so worried that I was about to call the police.
If you eat when you're angry, you'll get a stomachache.
-Ah!
-Teva, Ayumi.
Mi.
Good one, Conan.
-Ha-ha!
-Ah!
(Mitsuhiko) Look.
Have you seen that yacht over there?
I'd say it's the one with the Nao and Kotaro.
- (Ayumi) Now the Nao has come out too.
- (Genta) Yes, that's right.
Kotaro!
Thank you very much for everything!
He's about to swim.
Yes, come on.
(Genta) What?
Let's go swimming, too?
- (Kotaro) What's wrong?
(Kotaro) What's this?
-I'm going to get the float, then.
(Kotaro) Help!
(Kotaro) Help!
Aaah!
Look.
He's drowning.
My king!
I hope it's not serious.
Yes.
And I'm over the urge to play.
Yes.
It's still early, but that's enough for today, isn't it?
We'll call later to check on Mr. Takiguchi.
You're the ones who were the Takiguchi's yacht a while ago,
weren't you?
I went to pick up the dirty dishes, but there was no one there.
Do you know anything?
If you want, we can go for a moment and bring them to you.
(Borda)
Poor thing.
They haven't let you get into the ambulance, have they?
They have not even had time to take clothes.
We could take them something.
So we can see them.
Yes, that would be nice.
(Man) Are you sure it was an accident?
We don't have the details of the investigation,
but, according to eyewitnesses,
there is no doubt that Mr.
Takiguchi has thrown sunshine into the sea.
I still can't get over my astonishment.
And isn't there a possibility that someone pushed him?
I don't know why you ask.
On the yacht, it was just him and his wife.
Do you think it could have been Mrs. Takiguchi's doing?
No, no, and now!
I didn't mean that.
But the president always explained
that when he was a child he almost refused in a river,

and that since then he was very afraid of water and did not know how to swim.
He had only recently learned how to swim.
He told us that now he knew how to swim.
What's that?
Who are you?
Sorry, sorry to bother you.
The children knew Mr. and Mrs. Takiguchi.
They had lunch with them today.
And because they were treated so well, they wanted to come and see how they were doing.
And we also brought them some clothes.
And Coro, who had stayed on the yacht.
How is Mr. Takiguchi?
Has he recovered?
He is?
In fact, I'm very sorry to tell you...
that Mr. Takiguchi died a short time ago.
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
He was such a good person.
How can it be, that he died?
- (Ayumi: cries)
-I don't believe it.
In any case, I ask you to investigate well
if it was really an accident.
Long before she got married,
we were already telling the president that that woman was only after money,
but he was so in love with her that she got him all mixed up,
and in the end, look how she ended up.
What do you mean?
That it was Nao?
A person as good as her would never do that, what are you insinuating!
Ah, let's not alarm you.
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry.
I understand you must be from Mr. Takiguchi's company.
Yes, I am.
I'm the management secretary.
Have you seen the accident, you children?
-We saw it happen.
-Yes, from the beach.
Mr. Takiguchi drowned in front of us.
"He waved to us from the yacht and then jumped into the water."
Very well, if you witnessed the accident,
can you come with me to the police station
and explain to me what happened in detail?
-And so on.
-Yes.
When Mr. Takiguchi was thrown into the sea,
did you notice where he was, Mrs. Takiguchi?
It was over there, near him, but I don't know very well what she was doing.
We didn't see her very well, but she was probably collecting the food dishes.
Understood.
And maybe that's why she didn't notice that her husband was refusing.
-Go ahead.
- (door: knock)
(Ayumi) Nao!
Ayumi,
thank you so much for taking my clothes.
I'm so sorry, Nao.
Where's your necklace?
I guess the chain broke
when I jumped into the sea to try to save it.
I've listened to the statements of these children
and it's clear to me that your husband threw himself into the sea
without the intervention of anyone else.
We can therefore conclude that it was an unfortunate accident.
But it was my fault.
It is true that he had learned to swim,
but I shouldn't have taken my eyes off him.
This is something I wanted to ask you.
According to Mr. Takiguchi's employees,
he had told them that he was afraid of water and couldn't swim.
H-is it true that your husband had learned to swim?
Yes, he did.
You can show him that video of him learning.
(Nao) It is true.
(Nao) This video is the first day he started learning.
(Nao) "Come, come."
The videos were all made by the butler.
(Nao) Oh!
And this one was made for us last week.
Oh!
You're doing very well, king, very well.
Come on, don't stop.
Turn around and keep going.
(cries)
Ah, easy, that's it.
I've already seen that I could swim.
Eh...
Come, come with me.
What?
What's the matter?
What do you want?
Can you show me your video camera?
Yes, I have it here.
But why do you want to see it?
Do you think there might be something important?
(Genta) "Yes, that's right."
(Ayumi) "Look, now the Nao has come out too."
(Ayumi) "Great.
The sound has also been recorded.
The problem comes from there.
(Ayumi) "Yes, come on."
(Genta) "What? Let's go swimming, too?"
(Ayumi) "I'll go get the float, then."
"What's wrong? What's this?"
(Ayumi) "Help! Help! Aaah!"
(Rewinds)
Look.
Could you zoom in a little bit?
Yes, but it will look a little more pixelated.
(Pip, pip, pip, pip)
"What is it? What is this?"
(Pip, pip, pip) "Help! Help! Aaah!"
Eh?
"My king!"
(Think) "What happened here?"

"There is a small time lapse between when Kotaro starts to drown and the Nao dives in to save him.
and the Nao jumps into the water to save him."
"Besides, the yacht had a life float."
"If he had it right there, how come he didn't use it?"
"And another thing: what was that image in the video
when Mr. Takiguchi was learning to swim?"
"Maybe, actually, in Kotaro..."
Eh?
What are you two doing here, hiding?
Ah, is that...
Yes?
Well, the buckle on the collar is very rusty.
It must be because we take him out for a walk even when it rains.
"Of course we do. I got it!"
Hm.
Mrs. Takiguchi, I'm sorry to have kept you so long.
Now that we're done, you can go.
I can escort you to the hospital myself.
Thank you all very much.
(Agasa voice) Can you wait a moment, please?
(Agasa voice) Eh?
(Agasa voice) What's the matter?
Have you neglected to explain something to us?
No, no, I just wanted to tell you that, actually, it wasn't an accident,
but a murder that was very meticulously planned.
But what's this all about now?
What?
It is quite clear that Mr. Takiguchi threw sunshine in the water!
True, but if the man had known that he couldn't swim, he wouldn't have decided to jump into the sea for the sake of it,
he wouldn't have decided to jump into the sea on his own initiative.
Mr. Takiguchi did not know how to swim,
but there was someone who made him believe he could.
And so he took him to a place where he did not touch the ground and encouraged him to dive in himself.
and encouraged him to jump into the water on his own.
I understand that this could be considered a homicide.
Don't you, Mrs. Takiguchi?
I can only say that my husband could swim.
And everyone could prove it with that video.
Or are you telling me that the images I showed you were manipulated?
And now!
The images we have seen were not manipulated.
Mr. Takiguchi could swim.
So, what's your point?
He could swim, but only in the pool at home.
That's right.
Can you come, Conan?
May I borrow your tablet?
Please note Mrs. Takiguchi's necklace here,
when he was learning to swim.
It is sunk inside the water, isn't it?
Instead here, when he represents that he already knew how to swim, the necklace floats.
What?
Th-that's right...
Here at the beginning, the necklace is sunk in the water.
But here, it floats.
Can you explain to us what this means?
(Clears throat) The explanation of why the necklace floats
can be provided by your little dog, in Coro.
He is only one year old, but the buckle of the collar he wears, strangely enough, is very rusty,
strangely enough, is rusty.
And that's because Mrs. Takiguchi
threw a large quantity of bath salts into the swimming pool
with the intention of making it easier for Mr. Takiguchi to float.
The necklace seen in the video is made of an acrylic material.
The relative density of acrylic materials varies between 1.17 and 1.2.
Therefore, the relative density of the water on the day of the recording?
must have been slightly higher.
Is this correct or not, Mrs. Takiguchi?
No, it is not true.
If I had thrown that amount of salts at Kotaro, he would have noticed.
So what did you throw, let's see?
The necklace that sank in the sea, it was floating,
with the water of that pool!
Anyway, in any case, the video shows...
that the relative density of the water in your pool is high.
If you want, we can go right now to check it.
We can go, but you won't find any water.
I had it drained the other day, I'm sorry.
Don't underestimate the police, Mrs. Takiguchi.
With the residue left in the pool,
it's enough to determine the substance
that dissolved in the water.
Mrs. Takiguchi, is it true what Dr. Agasa says?
Please tell me.
No, Nao!
Say it's not true.
Yes, it is true, yes.
What?
It's just as he explained it.
At first I used to put bath salts,
but when I started to increase the amount,
Kotaro noticed it and took notice.
Then I changed the bath salts to a water-soluble polymer,
a substance that is non-toxic and is used to make medicines and in the food industry.
and in the food industry.

Last week,
the relative density of the pool water would be 1.3.
With a density of 1.3
you could be lying on your back in the water reading, like the Dead Sea.
It is normal, therefore, that Mr. Takiguchi thought,
mistakenly, that he already knew how to swim.
I understand that he recorded this video to protect himself,
in case something went wrong
and she was questioned by the police,
but in the end it was this video that gave her away.
I did it because that man was obsessed with growing the company,
that's all he had in his head.
He was capable of using the most unworthy strategies to achieve his goals.
to achieve his goals.
I guess he had no idea of the people who suffered because of him.
That's why I decided to give him a taste of his own medicine.
But now I had reached a point
that I was incapable of living with such an unsophisticated person like him,
and I decided to put an end to it in this way.
Perhaps it is true that Mr. Takiguchi was a person who was obsessed with money.
who was obsessed with money,
but I don't know to what extent it can be considered
that he was more evil than you,
who has decided to take your life just to take revenge.
(Seagulls: shriek)
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
I was convinced that she was such a good person.....
Both of them seemed like nice people to me, when they invited us.
I don't know, I don't trust older people anymore.
There are all kinds, you can never generalize.
Can't you?
No, look at me, for example.
I have a big heart, I can't even fit in my chest.
He-he!
Why rivers?
Do not you agree?
Oh, by the way, that has been done, of the lunch boxes?
It's true.
Since we've been invited to eat, we still have all the food left.
- (Mitsuhiko) Yes, I'm very hungry.
-Let's eat our fill.
(Ayumi) What have they prepared for us today?
(Genta) I don't know, but I'm sure it will be delicious.
Hey, hey, but didn't you say that I was so sad?
What a bunch!
(Genta) It's true.
You have Tai in your arms!
This is my cleaner's cat, and his name is Mugi.
They also say that they are the owners of the cat, and I don't know who to believe anymore.
No, the real owner of the cat is me.
And what else!
I've already told you that I am the owner.
In fact, no, it's not normal at all.
With the help of a master mystery solver.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The case of the three-colored cat that brings luck (part one) '."

