Have you seen the article?
-Yes, it's very good!
-It's about Café Poirot!
The other day a journalist interviewed me
and told me that it would be published,
but I didn't think I'd end up writing such a long article!
Yes, and you're also in a photo.
Do you see it?
Here!
it says:
"Taii, the three-colored cat that belongs to a customer of the coffee shop,
with the beautiful waitress Azusa".
It's true, you have in Taii's arms!
But... he has gone a little too far, calling me beautiful....
In this kind of articles they always exaggerate.
Yes, I guess...
Hey, Amuro, you're not in any photo?
No, I remember I wasn't feeling well that day...
and I didn't come to work.
Because you're very handsome too.
-It's a pity you weren't there.
"A member of the Men in Black can't allow his picture
his picture in a second-rate food magazine."
Now that I realize, wasn't there another girl in your group?
Yes, the Ay, but she went home.
In fact, we had invited her to come and see in Taii the Café Poirot....
But all of a sudden she remembered she had to do something.
And changing the subject!
Is it this way, in Taii?
Have you come to get food?
No, the thing is... I adopted it a week ago,
and that's why I've taken it to live in my house!
-And you can do it, something like that?
-What?
Although Taii is a stray cat,
he's wearing a collar and that means he's had an owner.
The other day he came home a mess, with sores all over his body,
I think he had a fight with another cat.
I was very worried.
Besides, our photo has been published.
If Taii's owner is looking for her, I'm sure....
that when he sees the article in the magazine he will come looking.
But, but... it's not fair to stay at Taii by yourself!
Besides, the owner will never come to claim it,
your photo is too small!
If you had posted it on the internet, it would be different.
This is what you think?
-Hello!
-Well, we have a surprise...
Is this the Café Poirot that's in the magazine?
Yes, sir...
The article explains in great detail
that in the evening a three-colored stray cat comes to the cafe for dinner.
-Yes...
-There's the picture and everything.
Well, I was lucky, because he happens to be mine!
I've been desperately looking for him for almost half a year.
-Hey!
-What?
Can you tell me what's wrong with it?
I know it's my cat without a doubt!
So, no need to tell lies!
What?
Blow, because the owner has appeared.
Not just one, but two!
Well actually, it's not just the two of them.
Inside there is also a person claiming it.
"Autumn takes away the heat of summer."
"Deductions are quite a show."
"33 owners claim a pet."
"In Kogoro and Bourbon have a deductive duel."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"The case of the three-colored cat that brings luck (part one)."
(Woman) How many more times will I have to repeat?
This cat in the picture is my clean cat... and his name is Mugi!
He is not here yet?
Didn't you tell me that you were taking me right away?
Yes, madam, I went to look for him,
but then I found these children
and while I was talking to them these two gentlemen appeared,
who also say they're the owners of the cat.
-No, the real owner of the cat is me.

-And I don't know who to believe anymore.
And what else?
I have already told you that I am the owner!
What do you want?
Are you trying to steal my granddaughter's cat?
-3 people are claiming it?
-Gee, Taii has many suitors!
There are so many, like him, he is a normal and ordinary cat.
In fact, no, he's not normal at all.
Man, I think he's a very smart cat,
because when we got trapped
in the refrigerated truck of those evil and wicked men,
in Taii he understood that he had to do and bring your message here.
Yes, that day in Taii he did us a very big favor!
But after carrying Conan's message, the wind blew it away, didn't it?
the wind blew it away, didn't it?
-It doesn't matter.
-Yes, you are right.
Azusa, would you mind to go to your house and bring it to Taii, please?
Yes, sure.
While we are waiting, I will listen very carefully...
to what these three people have to say.
With the help of a master mystery solver.
"Eh? A master mystery solver?"
"You don't mean...?"
(Kogoro) What do you want?
To look for the owner of a cat?
(TV: man) "Horses come out at once..."
Ask someone else!
Now I have work to do!
My...
It can not be!
-What's this one doing here?
-It's in Goro!
It's the cat of that lady who does a little scary?
"What things to say..."
My mother has gone to Fukuoka for work
and asked me to look after Goro for her tonight.
Go ahead, play two!
No one will pay me a penny to do this job.
-Hey, I'll hire him.
-Am I right, am I right?
I'll pay you with a front-row ticket to
the Yoko Okino concert.
Yes!
Let's see, let's start with the first owner.
So, you are a housewife?
Yes.
"This man is short-sighted."
Well, and when did you say he disappeared, your cat?
A couple of months ago.
We asked a friend to look after him while we were on vacation.
But at one point he got lost and ran away, the naughty thing.
Here he is in a picture with my cleaner, who is the owner of the cat.
We took it about 5 years ago.
Well I see him, here he is still a puppy.
But it is true, I would say that the drawing of the spots is very similar?
Yes!
Do you think so too, Mr. detective?
Yes, I do.
Madam, do you also like cats?
Oh.
Very much so.
Hello... Ow, come here.
Come here.
Oh!
Caram, your cat is very shy, isn't he?
But I see he's very fond of his owner.
I don't know why you say so, this cat is not mine.
The cat at Café Poirot was sterilized.
Can you explain to me how it was?
Of course I can.
It was a very difficult few days.
He spent a night in the hospital,
but when he came back we couldn't get the bandages off for a few days.
It took about a week to get all the stitches out.
(Kogoro) Mr. Masuko, you are the president...
of a technology company,
and apparently you also say that the cat is yours.
Can you tell me how long has it been lost?
About 4 months ago, when I moved house.
My wife died, we had been married for 30 years.
That's why I sold the house
and I went to live in a smaller apartment.
I put it in the transport basket
and left it in the moving truck.
But by the time I let it out, it was gone.
Do you have any photographs?
I have this one, which I took with my cell phone.
The one with the cat is my wife.
I took the photo myself.
It is an exact copy of the Café Poirot cat!
Obviously it is, because it's the same cat.
Yes, that's right.
Do you like cats?
Atxim!
Take it....
Mm?
What's with the cold?
Maybe a little...
By the way, can you tell me if you had your cat neutered?
Yes, but I'm not quite sure,
because these things were taken care of by my wife.
Now, after the operation they didn't bandage him or anything.
But I remember that they put something
that looked like a satellite dish around his neck.
Look, really,
if you let me see the cat for a moment you'll realize that it's mine, the little animal!
I mean, I'm the owner.
First answer me a few questions.
You don't have a steady job, do you?
Tell me when your cat disappeared.
About half a year ago.

I value freedom very much, so I let it roam free.
But one day, suddenly, he did not come home, my beloved cat.
-Of course not, I don't have one.
-Do you have any pictures?
I want it to be free.
Something, you like cats?
Yes, of course I do.
Au, come here!
Oh, my goodness!
Goro is not a very sociable cat...
The truth is that he usually likes all animals.
Do you remember... if your cat was sterilized, Mr. Amezawa?
No idea.
I got it when it was already an adult cat and I can't tell.
Come to think of it, in the article they talk about in Taii as if it were a male,
but it's actually a female.
Eh?
Wow, you!
Then maybe it's not my cat.
-En Taii is a male!
-But what do you say, Conan?
Ah, maybe I was wrong.
It has testicles and everything!
Hey, don't scare me like that, boy!
Of course it's a male!
Well, then, who do you think is the owner, out of the three?
-Maybe it's the young man, right?
I'm very absent-minded.
Goro also liked him very much.
But the cat in the photo the man had on his cell phone looked just like Taii.
Yes, but keep in mind that he was not in the photo.
And what about the photo the lady showed?
The downside of that photo is that the cat was still a puppy.
I am not sure.
Conan, what do you think of all this?
-It was!
Come on, don't let up!
- "They're coming down the home stretch."
Father, turn down the volume!
With this noise you can't think!
"The noise..."
(Think) "I know! I'm going to call the Ai."
(Ai) What?
There are 3 people who say they are the owner of in Taii?
Well... how did it go?
(Ayumi) "Well they're still trying to clear it up, actually."
And in Conan has already figured it out?
- (Ayumi) "What face does he make?"
(Ayumi) -Huh?
Mmm...
"He smiles a little and has a very mischievous look."
Well, no problem.
"I think he already knows who the owner is."
(Amezawa) Hey, hey, what does this mean?
Didn't you make us come here
because you told us that you already know who the owner of the cat is?
(Amezawa) That's right.
The Azusa, the waitress at Café Poirot,
will arrive soon with the three-colored cat.
Oh, man!
Then she could have started there.
As soon as the cat arrives, we'll find out whose cat it is.
In my case, the cat belongs to my cleaner.
I don't know if he will recognize me.
Sorry for the delay!
Taii, is that you?
Have you seen it?
It's obvious that this cat is mine!
Well, if you don't mind, I'll take her home.
Just a moment.
Whenever there are 3 people,
cats have a tendency to go with the one in the middle.
It could be that Taii would have jumped on him because he was the middle one.
Is it true what you say?
Oh, is it?
Mm-hm!
I saw it on TV the other day.
I'm sure the kid is right.
Otherwise, my cat would never have jumped into his arms.
Well, we'll try it again, if you like!
I don't care whether I'm on the right or on the left.
There is an easier way to find out right away.
An experiment that will identify the owner.
Azusa, are you ready?
Yes!
He's eating right now in front of the office door, Conan.
Excuse me, does it do nothing to approach the door and open it?
If you do it one at a time, the cat will be able to identify its owner.
Yes, okay.
You go first, Mrs. Shagawa.
Come, Mugi, it's me.
What's the matter?
Don't you recognize me?
Come, Mugi!
It's... it's useless, my cleaner, who is the owner, should do it.
No, the result would have been the same.
So that the cat of your cleaner and that you are looking for is female,
not male like this one.
Hey, Amuro... Am I right?
What?
Yes.
Mrs. Shagawa, you said it yourself.
That he spent a whole night in the hospital.
And that it took a week to get the stitches out.
Yes, that's right.
That's because your cat is a female, and not a male like this cat.
To spay a female you have to make an abdominal incision
and then remove the ovaries.
But in the case of a male,
you only have to make a small incision to remove the testicles,
and therefore should not be hospitalized.
And as Mr. Masuko said, the only thing to do?
is to put a plastic bell around their necks.

so that they do not suck the wound.
Besides, you have spoken as if normally you and your clean?
take care of the cat together,
but isn't she just taking it to take care of it once in a while?
Because she's not used to dealing with cats.
Cats don't like
anyone other than their owner looking them straight in the eye.
That's why the kitten before has reacted that way.
It preferred to jump on Mr. Mouri's lap because he did not pay any attention to it.
because he did not pay the least attention to it.
Surely his cleaner asked him to take care of her cat
because she had to go away for a few days,
but she ran away, didn't she?
Yes, boy, you're absolutely right.
My cleaner is on a school trip
and her parents have taken the opportunity to go abroad.
Indeed, she asked me to take care of the cat,
but it seems to me that she must not like me very much.
And in a moment when I stopped watching her, she disappeared.
I was desperate, not knowing what to do....
and by chance I saw the picture of the cat in the magazine, and....
And decided that I would replace the missing cat with Taii.
But I think that the males and females
have different characteristics.
Yeah...
But it turns out that my little cleaner is coming back from the trip tonight.
I have to do something, I can't tell her I've lost her!
When did she disappear?
Last night, a while after dinner.
I looked for her everywhere, under the furniture, the cushions,
in all the rooms that had the door open...
but I couldn't find her anywhere.
Then I tried to look for the places that have the door closed,
such as the bathroom, the washing machine and also in the closets.
Cats have the habit of escaping quickly the moment a door is opened.
the moment a door opens.
Well, then, I'll go back to look for her at home.
Wow, this grandma is really sound!
Next.
Would you like to try it, Mr. Amezawa?
Do exactly the same as her.
OK, OK, OK!
No problem at all!
But before you start, it's obvious what the result will be.
You are absolutely right, Conan, it will be the same as before.
That the cat will jump on you without stopping snoring.
Hey, what's the matter with you?
You don't know me?
Come, like you did before.
I'm telling you to come here!
What?
You don't know, do you?
The effect of catnip only lasts about 10 minutes.
When it wears off,
the cat only sees you as an unfamiliar, angry human being
who suddenly calls out to him for no apparent reason.
Another test is on Goro, who has played with you so happily....
and now he is so afraid of you that he doesn't dare to come near you.
Therefore, the real owner?
would no longer spread catnip all over his body
to come and pick up his pet.
No, it's not that.... What I mean is...
Also, when in Conan said the cat was female,
he looked like he felt like running away.
If he had seen her in the picture in the magazine
and he was sure that it was his cat,
he would have insisted much more to get it back, don't you think?
You knew that if the cat was a female it had no value?
Is it valuable?
But it is a normal cat.
If it is a female of 3 colors, yes.
But of males of 3 colors due to a chromosomal alteration,
only one in a thousand is born.
That is why they are used
as a model for so-called good luck cats.
They are worth a million yen.
And I have heard that they have paid up to 20 million.
Is that so?
Oh!
20 million yen?
-You're as valuable as a white lion!
-You're so lucky, Taii!
With all that money I could eat eel and rice all my life!
Knowing how valuable she was, if the cat was hers,
he would never have let her go out freely in the city, would he?
Excuse me, I'm in a hurry!
Right.
Let's go, then.
And to finish, you, Mr. Masuko.
Although... I haven't seen you for 4 months,
and it was my wife, who put the food for him.
Surely the result will be the same as the other two.
Sound... Soseki.
Gee, you still remember me?
Soseki.
Gee, how can that be?
I was waiting for you behind the door, even before you opened it.
Because of the noise.
I saw a program on TV
that said that cats have very good hearing
and that they recognize the sound of their owners' footsteps.
She said the cat disappeared when she moved house.

Did you happen to use the moving company Guepardo?
Yes.
Guepardo.
And how do you know that?
Because several months ago
this cat jumped into the box of a truck.
and it was from the same moving company, you know?
Of course it was!
Now I understand!
(Genta) "This is because he wanted to go back to his owner!"
He must have thought that if he jumped in a truck with the same logo
he could go back home.
"How I'm happy for you, Taii."
Atxim!
Very good.
I thank you for everything.
-Take care of yourself!
-Goodbye, see you soon, Taii!
And don't run away from home again!
Here is my address and my email.
I'll be glad to have you come and see.
Really?
Thank you very much!
Atxim!
Atxim!
And how is it that in a group,
cats are attracted to the people in the middle?
In fact, this is not true.
He said it so he could do the experiment,
the one about putting the cat behind the door.
It was a little lie.
He's an old dog, he's been taken for a ride.
-Of course, I understand...
-I don't know what I'm saying.
Weren't we talking about cats?
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
(Mitsuhiko) I didn't think that man would call us to invite us.
In the mail he sent to the detective agency.
it said that if we wanted to see the cat we could come today, right?
Yes.
-Why did he invite us?
-It's not long since he took it.
Maybe she's finally decided she wants to give it away.
From the symptoms, it looked like he was allergic to cats.
-And even if he knows it, he has a cat at home?
-Al-lèrgic to cats?
Yes, there are people who buy a cat without knowing that they have allergies.
And others get it when they have had one for a long time.
What do you want to say?
That Mr. Masuko wants to sell the cat?
-Man, if it's worth 20 million yen... -What?
-What?
"What? Isn't that Mr. Masuko's apartment?"
Please open the door.
I heard a strange noise!
Mr. Masuko!
I'm the janitor!
Are you not feeling well?
What's wrong?
(Janitor) Geez, what's wrong with this cat?
Excuse me, what's wrong?
What's wrong?
Yes.
This cat doesn't look hurt, but it has blood on its paws.
It's very strange.
"This means that Mr. Masuko..."
"It can't be!"
Her paws are stained with blood.
Something must have happened!
Does he have a string or something?
"It must be the back room."
So he's got work to do, now is not the time to party.
"Here's some tape and scissors..."
"The wastebasket is empty too."
"Why isn't it there? Where could it be?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
The case of the 3-colored cat that brings luck (part two)."

