(Shinichi voice) "After all the mess.
"To identify the owner of the three-colored cat,
"After a few days we go to Mr. Masuko's house,
who turned out to be the real owner."
Mèeeu!
(Conan voice) Excuse me, what's wrong?
Gee, what's wrong with this cat?
Ah, yes... It doesn't seem to be hurt, but it has blood on its paws.
It's very strange.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This means that Mr. Masuko..."
"It can't be!"
(Shinichi voice) "Autumn takes away the heat of summer."
"Deductions are quite a show."
"The Junior Detective League and the locked door trick."
"What's the secret of the three-colored cat?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
(Conan voice) "The case of the three-colored cat that brings luck (Part Two)."
Mr. Masuko!
Please answer if everything goes well!
Mr. Masuko!
Wait, man... maybe there's nothing wrong and he's just sleeping.
He's got the door retainer on.
But you said you heard a strange noise, right?
Well, yes, like something heavy hitting the floor.
Also, your cat's paws are stained with blood,
and it's not normal, something must have happened.
Okay, call for an ambulance!
Oh, call an ambulance!
Do you have a string or something?
Duct tape and a piece of wire?
If you want, I've got some band-aids.
-I've got some wool! -I've got some wool!
Well, I just found a paper clip.
Conan, what do you plan to do with all this stuff?
I'm going to open the door catch.
First I tie the string on the U-shaped bar of the retainer.
Then I fix it to the end of the bar with a band-aid.
Now I pass the string through the clip....,
and the fixed one on the inside of the door.
Everything is now ready.
Now I have to close the door... and pull the string tight.
Wow, it has opened!
Me?
In the apartment next door.
Excuse me, sir, where do you live?
(Shinichi, thinking) "The room closest to you is the one on the left."
"It must be the room at the back."
Hey, Conan!
(Sato) It was an accident.
He tried to change the fluorescent light by putting the chair on the bed,
lost his balance and hit his head on the bedside table.
I've also done it a few times.
But putting the chair on top of an unstable bed is dangerous.
Please don't do it again!
Besides, Sato, I remind you that you paid a lot of yen...
for that very comfortable and soft mattress.
Do you know what the mattress Inspector Sato has?
Has she ever slept on it?
I want to sleep at the inspector's house, too!
Let's stop gossiping.
How is the man who lives on this floor?
Is he better?
Ah, I've been told... she's just had an operation,
but she's still unconscious and in critical condition.
When he regains consciousness he will be very grateful to you!
Because thanks to Conan, who has opened the door right away,
they were able to save her life!
When she wakes up, I think that first of all she will tell us who is the person who attacked her with the intention of saving her life.
who attacked you with the intention of murdering you.
-What are you saying?
What-that they wanted to kill him?
Wasn't it an accident, then?
If you notice, the chair is on top of the quilt.
If you wanted to put the chair on the bed,
wouldn't you remove the bedspread first?
Besides, look.
Mr. Masuko is still wearing a slipper!
If he had climbed on top of the bed and the chair,
I think he would have taken them off.
And even more.

Yeah, I guess...
The fluorescent lamp that broke
should be the one I theoretically wanted to change
and therefore should be old,
but the ends of this lamp are not blackened at all.
Conversely, they look like they came out of the factory.
This means that someone must have knocked
Mr. Masuko to her room,
seriously injured it
and then arranged everything to look like an accident.
From the next door neighbor hearing the strange noise,
an hour or so passed before the janitor arrived here.
Therefore, the offender had enough time to set everything up.
Yes, that's true...
But it turns out that there is only...
there's only one spare key to the door,
and they're both on top of the bookshelf in the living room.
And the door retainer on the front door was on, right?
Luckily this problem has already been solved!
I'm right, aren't I, Conan?
If you've opened the retainer from the outside I'm sure you'll know how to close it.
No, this... I still don't know how to do it.
(Genta) Hey, look!
There's someone on the screen!
(Ayumi) It's true!
What's all this, guys?
What are you doing?
Let's look at the intercom.
This device records on video
all the people who ring the doorbell at the entrance of the building.
Look at the images.
During the hour before we arrived, three people rang the doorbell.
It also records sound, and as they must have said the name as they rang,
you can look them up in Mr. Masuko's address book
and know who they are and where they live.
So you have work to do, now is not the time to party.
(Sato) You see, Takagi?
You always talk too much!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
(Takagi) Gee, sorry....
"On the table there is wrapping paper and a carrying basket."
"I was planning to give someone the three-colored cat as a gift."
"There are crease marks and it even looks like
that in some places the paper is torn."
"This means you had already wrapped it and someone has opened it?"
"Huh? There's tape and scissors here."
"But... the wastebasket is empty too."
"Why isn't it there? Where could it be?"
(Sato) The three people who called the
the three people who called the intercom.
Yes, but in fact the only one who came into the apartment...
was the first person.
The second one we talked to at the door, but he didn't come in.
And the third one says that he knocked on the door of the apartment,
but since no one opened the door,
in the end she got tired of waiting and left.
- (Sato) It looks like this.
-At the moment, all three are suspects.
If the second person came while the first one was still in the apartment,
maybe when the second one left,
the first one took advantage of it and tried to kill him.
Wait a minute, come to think of it.
When you called downstairs, how was Mr. Masuko?
We didn't call downstairs!
In fact we were going to call, but a neighbor who was leaving at that time,
opened the door and we took the opportunity to enter.
We want to surprise Mr. Masuko!
But we had already agreed that we would come today.
Well, we understood...
Besides, we knew which apartment he lived in.
Yes, indeed, I'm meeting Mr. Masuko today.
We've been having tea in the living room, quietly.
I stayed for about 10 minutes,
until he finished a piece of a record we were listening to.
What, a record?
Yes, I'm a big jazz music enthusiast...
and I collect old vinyl.
Mr. Masuko told me that he had found an album
that I had been looking for for a long time.
And before I took it to him, I asked him to play one of the pieces for me.
While you were here, did you feel the doorbell ring?
No, but I listened to the song with headphones.
If you don't mind, could I go to the washroom for a moment?
-Thank you, then.
-Yes, go ahead, ma'am.
-Xxxt!
Xxxt!
-Mèu!
Mèeeu!
(Toilet: flushing the toilet)
Hey, you, kid!
You still haven't learned to turn off the light when you leave the toilet?!
I'm sorry, madam!
It's just that I... I can't stand it when someone leaves the lights on.
(Girl) As I said before,
I talked to him at the door, but I didn't go into his house.

In fact, I hadn't met him or anything...
Besides, it seemed to me that today...
Mr. Masuko was seeing a visitor today.
Can you explain to me why he wanted to see?
I'm embarrassed.
I've been fired from Mr. Masuko's company..,
and I came here to say goodbye and that's it.
Does this mean... you came here to complain?
Of course not, on the contrary!
I was fired because I made a big mistake.
Besides, the president has kindly helped me a lot...
to find another job,
and I wanted to thank him for the trouble he's taken.
-Mm?
- (cat) Mèeeu!
Oh, what a cute cat!
(cat) -Yes.
-Can I hold him for a while?
You look beautiful!
He looks like he's happy, wagging his tail!
Wow, it's true.
Do you by any chance have a cat or any other animal?
No, my parents don't like them at all.
But I love all animals.
(Man) Don't make me repeat myself.
As you already know, I am one of those who have knocked on the door,
but I confess that despite insisting for a long time, no one opened the door.
In the end I got tired and left!
And how did you manage to get into the building?
When I called the intercom, they opened the door
and I entered without any problem.
Well, I don't know if it was him or not, because he didn't say anything,
he opened the door and quite a lot.
Tell me, what is your relationship with Mr. Masuko?
He and I have known each other since college.
We were both novelists and we debuted together.
But... his novels didn't sell at all,
and soon he decided to stop writing.
And in fact, only my first novel sold well.
I think he was better off,
by dedicating himself to another profession, than me.
And why did you come here?
To talk about some ideas for a new novel.
He has always offered to help me
every time I've suffered from writer's block.
(Cat) Mèeeu!
Somebody get this cat in here.
What a drag!
You don't like cats, do you?
No, besides, this morning a neighborhood cat scratched me.
If you want, I have plenty of band-aids!
Oh!
Don't worry, I've already disinfected myself.
Thank you very much.
If this cat were a great detective, like the ones in the famous novels,
then I'd like him better.
The order in which they called was as follows:
Mrs. Tsuyuguchi, Miss Aso and Mr. Urushiya,
one after the other.
But as the neighbor is not sure
what time he heard the strange noise,
it turns out they are all suspects.
We have no choice
but to wait for Mr. Masuko to regain consciousness.
That's not necessary.
I think we can solve it sooner.
-Look at him.
- (both) Hey?!
(both) Oh!
Do that naughty look!
Long story short: these are the three people who came to see you
about the time the next door neighbor heard the strange noise.
Yes...
But you say that the door was properly locked and bolted
and with the retainer in place, right?
You mean it wasn't an accident?
The crime scene
indicates that it was not an accident, according to Conan.
Where is he now, Conan?
I don't see him around.
Well, he said he had to go buy something.
We're back!
Hello, Conan!
Can you tell me what you bought?
It's an item that was missing from Mr. Masuko's apartment.
That's it!
I'll show it to you now.
And what is it, if I may ask?
A wrapping ribbon!
After wrapping a gift
you normally cut the two ends of the ribbon with scissors,
but since there was no little piece of ribbon in the garbage can,
the length of the ribbon had to be just long enough to make the package.
The gift was an old shipping basket.
There was paper and tape, so I'm pretty sure....
that it must have been wrapped by Mr. Masuko.
All right, you guys.
But I don't understand why this is so important.
Is he half asleep?
The fact that the tape is missing means
the assailant may have used it for something.
"Half asleep" ?!
For example, to close the door?
and make the assault look like an accident.
Let's try it!
Then we'll see if it's possible to prove my theory.
First we look at how you have placed the retainer.
We pass the tape between the door and the retainer to catch it.
He goes outside grabbing both ends of the tape and closes the door.

Now you have to stretch the two ends of the tape tight.
"Got it!"
Go ahead, Mitsuhiko!
-Okay.
-Start stretching.
(All) Yes, it works!
Next we have to lock the door.
After we open the door
and see that the retainer is in place,
we stretch the tape to pull it out and tie a knot in the middle.
I've tied the knot, that's it!
Then we pass the tape around the latch
so that the knot is stuck.
We stretch one end of the ribbon and close the door.
Then from the outside we stretch it diagonally upwards...
Wow, how strong!
The tape has locked the door!
But unlike before, you can't stretch the tape to get it out.
Yes, I can!
Genta, pull with all your might!
The door is locked and the knot won't let us pull the tape out!
What a rage!
I thought this would work.
(Think) "That's what happens when you trust a child".
Ep, girls, I want to ask you a question.
When you arrived, was there a tape on the floor?
-There was nothing on the floor.
-No.
Well, he couldn't have closed the door using the tape.
Yes, because the tape would have fallen off...
If there'd been someone who'd stretched it out and taken it away,
then my theory would have worked.
-What?
"If there was someone"?
-Hmm?
And even though she's still unconscious.
There was only the victim here.
(Shinichi, thinks) "They should be told everything..."
-Come on, Taii!
-Hey, look over there.
(Shinichi, thinks) -All right!
"Keep moving the tape."
Mèeeu!
Mm?
Whoa!
The cat has caught it with its mouth and now it's carrying it away!
Yes, I'm coming!
Follow him!
Oysters, on the shelf?
He must have chosen this place to hide all his treasures.
What?
Listen, I found it!
Here's a different ribbon from the one he just wore!
And it obviously has a knot, so the thing is quite clear.
Yes...
It's a question of knowing who has prepared the trick of the gift ribbon.
I think it was a person
who knows very well the habits of cats.
Of course, he had to know that the cat would not only take the ribbon,
but would go to hide in some kind of improvised burrow.
Well..., I think it might be the lady who wears glasses,
because Taii kept wagging his tail while she was holding him.
Unlike dogs, cats wag their tails when they get stressed.
Ms. Aso did not know that,
so I don't think she knows much about cats.
But maybe the cat was uncomfortable
because it recognized the person who had hurt its master.
In this case, she would not have asked if she could catch.
There was a possibility that it would scratch her.
So that leaves Mrs. Tsuyuguchi,
obsessed with saving electricity responsibly,
and also Mr. Urushiya,
who has helped to pick up the things that have fallen on Genta.
Both have been instinctive reactions, as if it were a habit.
Yes.
Haven't you noticed that when en Genta dropped the band-aids,
the handkerchief and the plastic cap from a bottle,
the only thing that Mr. Urushiya immediately picked up
was the cap and that was enough?
Now that you mention it, it's true.
But why is that?
Can't we prove something?
Look!
Mèeeu!
I get it!
Cats also love plugs, they are like a toy!
That's why she has prevented the cat from picking it up
and taking it to the place where he hides his treasures,
because there was a danger that we would discover the gift ribbon that had been used to close the door
that had been used to close the door.
Well, it looks like an unpremeditated crime,
because the assailant used the one he had around him.
If the assailant was not wearing gloves,
it's quite possible that prints could be lifted from the tape.
Well, then, let's go back to questioning Mr. Urushiya!
Hey, when did you start to suspect that it was the novelist?
It was after Taii lifted his tail, wasn't it?
Because that's what cats do when they're happy,
they look for a little affection,
or they see someone they know and are familiar with.
(Shinichi voice) Yes, it's true about cats.
But do you know when I became suspicious of him?
Just at the moment when I felt that he was saying

that someone had opened the door for him when he had called the intercom.
If the assailant was the one who had opened the door,
it would mean that he was still inside the apartment.
And it doesn't make any sense that the assailant would have let someone in
knowing that he needed time to think and implement the trick of locking the door behind him.
the trick of closing the door in an efficient manner.
Yes, they are right.
I am responsible for bringing him down
and because of that it was done wrong.
It is unbelievable that I did it without planning it.
Look, some time ago I wrote a detective novel...
where the murderer used a trick very similar to this one.
Actually, I was here today to ask you for money.
In fact, we were supposed to meet tomorrow..,
but this morning he called me all happy
and told me that he wanted to give me something
that he was sure I would be very excited about.
As I was quite curious, I decided to come and see today.
But it turns out that the fantastic present he wanted to give me
was just a stupid cat basket.
Do you know what was inside?
The three-colored cat!
On top of that he smiled at me, like a fool.
That stray cat was the same one that I found years ago
and I took it home with me.
What do you mean?
That you were the first owner?
Yes, when the cat was a puppy.
I had him for half a year.
I gave him away because his wife was very sad,
she had lost her.
But I was glad I gave him to her,
because all of a sudden my novels stopped selling.
and I couldn't have afforded to keep a cat.
Instead, her company started doing better and better.
How dare he try to set me up with that stray cat
like it was a big deal?
"Then, when the cat came into the bedroom....
"With the ribbon from the gift I had just unwrapped,
"he picked it up and said..."
I'm sure you'll do great, having this cat!
Besides, you know that before he was mine he was yours.
So, it is better that you are the owner again.
But Taii is a very special kitten, you know?
Three-colored males are rare, that's why they are so valuable.
-What?
-It's worth a lot of money!
Besides, Mr. Masuko didn't want to give you back the cat...
because of the money you could get if he came.
I'm sure he wanted to give it to you because it always brings good luck.
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
I am very happy
that the owner of Taii is already out of the hospital.
-Yes.
Besides, he won't have any after-effects.
-You don't?
But let's see, what happened to the cat?
In the end, Azusa, from the Café Poirot, kept it again.
- (cat) Mèeeu!
-Oh!
Wow, it's in Taii!
Wow!
You've become a stray cat again?
Don't you see it a little smaller?
Well, I think the spots are the same.
-Meeeeu!
-Come on, Mugi, let's go home!
I've already told you, grandma, always leave the door of the basket closed!
I'm sorry, I just thought she was uncomfortable.
Isn't she that Poirot's grandmother?
(Shinichi, think) "All's well that ends well, right?"
Cake offers... to an indecent peeping tom like me?
Are you still here, Hidehisa?
The owner told you to leave as soon as you could, right?
-Please behave yourself, Katsuko!
-Please!
Come on, we have a visitor.
(Woman) Aaaah!
Look-look inside.
La-la Katsuko is...
(All) Aaaah!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Blind Spot of the Shared House".

