(Dog: borda, from far away)
(Woman) Hey!
Ran is the best karateka in the karate club?!
Yes, Yasuko, she's a crack!
You should see, she stands up to the boys and everything!
Hey, Yayoi, don't exaggerate the grade, please!
Caram, girl!
You must be some kind of Bruce Lee!
Oops!
It's no big deal!
I'm in the same karate club as her
and I can brag about having her as a partner.
Eh?
Boy, it's getting late!
She should go take a bath.
What do you say!
Well, I'll start coming in, too.
Stay a while longer, since you've come all this way.
Besides, they'll come looking for you, won't they, Ran?
Of course they will, Ran.
Well, ah...
Then we'll get to know each other better and become friends.
-Hello, girls.
-Exactly.
-All right, thank you.
-Ah, hello, Hidehisa, how are we doing? -Ah, hello, Hidehisa, how are we doing?
Meet Ran Mouri, a karate partner.
Hello.
Hidehisa Suzuki.
Nice to meet you.
Hey, how about a piece of cake?
You offer cake... to an indecent voyeur like me?
Eh?
Come on, no one believes it, that you are, Hidehisa.
It's better to eat it
if you wait a quarter after taking it out of the fridge.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Katsuko.
Caram.
Are you still here, Hidehisa?
The owner told you you had to leave as soon as you could, didn't he?
What a nerve, you lied to him!
You told him I was a session spy!
It's much more comfortable to move around the house if we're all girls.
-Please!
Come on, we have a visitor.
-But what a bar!
Please behave yourself, Katsuko.
Stop the cart, Yayoi.
I'm not a little girl, okay?
If you'll excuse me...
I'm going to do a little tap dancing before I take a bath.
-What do you want?
-Daixò, Katsuko... -Daixò, Katsuko...
I've already told you many times.
Couldn't you go tap dance somewhere else, Katsuko?
My room is right below you.
It's torture.
Ah... by the way, I brought cake.
-You're trying to buy?
-You like cake, don't you?
-I'll come down later and eat it. -I'll come down later and eat it.
-What do you say now!
(Door: closes)
(Door: closes) All right.
Apa, I'm going to take a bath, then.
I'm really sorry, Ran.
I'm sure we've made you very uncomfortable.
Ah, no.
Hm?
Ah... No, don't worry.
Hidehisa is no indecent fool.
Katsuko has dedicated herself to spreading a totally false rumor.
I don't care.
I'll talk to her later and see if I can make things right with her.
Thank you very much for the cake.
I'll eat it in the room.
Ran, you're home.
Ah... thank you very much.
"Autumn takes away the heat of summer."
"Deductions are quite a show."
"A death in a shared house and a prepared alibi."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"The blind spot of the shared house."
It's not so easy, that living in a house with other people, is it?
When I arrived,
I thought it was nicely decorated and everything was very nice.
With the glass door of this shared space,
and this plant that is so lush and looks so nice, placed here.
The different elements of the house must be pleasant
so that whoever comes to live here feels at ease.
People who do not know each other at all should share a house.
Sometimes we have our frictions.
And there are a lot of rules to follow.
A lot of them?
Of course, look behind your chair itself.
We must mark things so that this way we know whose things they are.
I can see that.
Oh!

Which bathroom, I'm as good as new.
All right, I'll go now.
I'll get it.
What, what have you been talking about, Ran?
Well, you of all people, Yayoi.
He says you neglect to take out the garbage.
I am a bit absent-minded.
I see you have a few shifts for cleaning chores
and also for bathing.
And a blackboard to leave messages for you.
What a hassle.
Yeah, but it's just that the rent we pay here,
compared to what you pay in other houses, is much cheaper,
and that's why nobody ever wants to leave here.
(Mobile)
Ah!
Ah, are you Yasuko?
You're calling me about Katsuko's cake?
Understood.
I'll take it out of the fridge, and if it doesn't come down in a quarter, I'll put it back in.
Let me help you, Yayoi.
No, it's too little.
Besides, visitors don't have to do anything.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
No, no, it's nothing.
It's strange.
What should it do, that Katsuko hasn't come down to eat the cake?
Yes, the truth is that I can't get over my astonishment.
She has a sweet tooth.
You know what?
I had to ask Katsuko for money.
Oh, did you?
Hm.
So it all comes from that that your father died suddenly?
My little brother still goes to school,
so money is needed.
And that's why I don't want my mother to help me.
But between the scholarship they gave me
and a part-time job I have, I'm getting by, I'm not complaining.
(Door, open)
Ah.
Katsuko hasn't come down to eat the cake.
Oh, she didn't?
Maybe she hasn't remembered anymore, then.
-(Door: doorbell)
- (door: doorbell)
The ones who came to pick you up, right?
Hello!
Ah... That must be them.
Hello.
Excuse me, Ran, honey.
We're later than we were supposed to be.
Shall we go home, Ran?
Yayoi, Yasuko, thank you so much for your kindness.
Yes.
You'll come again, won't you?
(Hidehisa) Aaaaah!
Why did you call?
What happened?
-Look, look inside.
-Hidehisa?
La-la Katsuko is...
(Girls) Oh!
(Girls) Aaaaaaaah!
(Takagi) The victim is Katsuko Kano, 25 years old.
The murder weapon is no doubt
that it is the kitchen knife that has been found at the crime scene.
It has been analyzed, but no fingerprints were found.
The coroner has placed the time of death
between 19.15 and 19.45 this evening.
Apart from that...
traces of sleeping pills have been found in the plastic soda bottle
that was lying on the floor in the victim's room.
It is clear.
She was stabbed once she was fast asleep.
Mr. Suzuki, you were the one who discovered the body.
What did you go to do, in the victim's room?
Ah, yes.
This morning, Katsuko left me a message...
on this blackboard we have here in the kitchen.
It said she would come to my room tonight..,
a little before 8:00;
that she wanted to talk to me.
Well, I don't see anything written anywhere on this board!
Let's see, has anyone else seen this message?
At the end of the message, he added that he wanted to keep the meeting a secret...
and to please delete the message;
and I have deleted it.
Besides, I'm always the last one to leave the house in the morning.
So, Katsuko probably waited for the others to leave
the others to write it on the blackboard.
And what about at night?
I've been waiting in the room, as she asked me to do.
But...
"It was after 8 o'clock and she hadn't shown any sign of life."
"So I decided to go to her room."
And that's when I found her on the bed, all covered in blood.
Are you sure it was like that?
It's the truth!
Believe me, please!
Hm.
Eh?
(Hidehisa) Eh?
(Hidehisa) I'm not fooling you!
I didn't do it!
Tell them over there!
Yayoi!
Yasuko!
(Hidehisa) What?
Can you two ladies clear something up for us?
The truth is, lately,
Katsuko and Hidehisa have been fighting a lot.
Today, before they went up to their rooms, they had a touch-up.
Y-yes.
Ran, is this true?
I'm not the only one who couldn't stand her!
Neither of you two liked her, Katsuko, you couldn't see her either!
Wait a minute.
I don't think either Yayoi or Yasuko could have done it.
Ran, can you explain to me why you're saying this?

Between 7 and 8 o'clock, they went to bathe in shifts,
following the schedule they had been assigned.
And the one who didn't bathe was here in the kitchen with me.
The assigned schedule?
Mm?
It's written down here.
The bathing times.
Because it's a shared house.
That's right.
Also, I've only gotten up once to go to the bathroom.
Other than that, I've been sitting here the whole time.
And the hallway is perfectly visible, through the glass door.
(Kogoro) A sliding glass door, huh?
Yes, you can see the other side very well.
And you can't go upstairs, from the washroom, otherwise....
That's right.
If you don't go through this corridor.
I'm sure no one's been down this corridor...
the whole time Yasuko's been bathing.
Okay, Ran.
So, the two girls have an alibi.
Well then, Suzuki...
Won't you be so kind as to come back up and tell us once again
under what circumstances you found the body at the crime scene?
Yes.
"Please label all your personal belongings with your name."
(Think) "Come to think of it, there was a name to the soda bottle....
that had traces of sleeping pills in it."
Ah, no, thank you.
Would you like a drink?
No compliments, eh, kid?
Don't;
is this Katsuko's cake?
Ah... Yes, it is.
I had taken it out of the fridge so that he would have it ready to eat.
Yasuko called me from the bathroom to remind me.
She was naked, she couldn't come.
In the end she didn't come down to eat it, so it didn't matter.
(Yayoi) And then I put it back in the fridge.
It's nicer if you took it out of the fridge a quarter before you eat it.
We wanted her to eat it when it's most delicious.
Ah, geez!
What, what's the matter, Conan, king?
Ah, nothing.
You haven't noticed anything strange?
No strange things, you say?
Ah... now that you ask...
Yayoi, what happened to you earlier, while I was washing the dishes?
Eh?
that you made that gesture once?
Let me help you, Yayoi.
No, it's not much.
Besides, visitors don't have to do anything.
What's that?
Ah, it's just that, usually,
when someone has turned on the bathtub faucet to fill it up...
here in the kitchen sink, the water doesn't come down that much,
but today it was the usual one.
Ah, what are you doing, Conan?
The bathroom is that way, isn't it?
Oh!
Oh!
Ep, here too.
A part of it has been taken out.
(Yayoi) What's wrong?
Ah, nothing.
What's this here?
What's this here?
(Yayoi) Oh!
Oh, wow!
It's shampoo.
I opened a new bottle and it turns out I dropped some along the way.
I thought I'd got it all out, but now I see I've left it behind.
"A window."
"And you can see the kitchen very well."
"That means he had to duck in here."
You know why it's lighter, this piece of wall?
Yes, it is.
Because there had been a painting, before.
But I don't know why, yesterday the owner came and took it away.
This is...?
Inspector Megure!
Come on, run, hurry up!
We've discovered this blood-soaked towel
inside Mr. Suzuki's shoe compartment.
(Kogoro) I see.
The thing is quite clear.
(Kogoro) -Oh!
-The murderer is you, as I thought!
You've been on very bad terms with Katsuko for a long time.
Tonight, after a last argument,
you couldn't take it anymore and went to her room to kill her.
And you wrapped the handle of this knife with a towel
so that his fingerprints wouldn't be left behind.
Then he hid the towel in the shoe compartment to get rid of them later.
to get rid of them later.
Don't you think he had to go like that?
Mm-hm.
Mr. Suzuki, you'll have to come with us to the police station...
as the prime suspect in this murder.
I didn't do it!
It wasn't me, I swear!
"You're mistaken."
"He is not the murderer. The culprit is one of these two girls."
"Sure, it went like this!"
Ah!
Aaah... aaah...
(Kogoro voice) One moment, gentlemen, please.
M-Mr. Mouri... the Sleeping Kogoro!
It's too hasty to conclude that Mr. Suzuki is the murderer.
But, let's see, Mouri, if you just said that...
I apologize for my mistake just now.
Looking at Mr. Suzuki for a second,

it is more than evident that he has not been able to do it.
"Remember, please, the scene of the crime."
"The Katsuko has died from the rupture of a large artery.
and there was blood splattering absolutely everywhere around her."
And now look at Mr. Suzuki.
His gray-white sweater is totally spotless.
How could he have done that without it going towards blood splatter?
And couldn't he have made it look like he was discovering the corpse
after he had changed his clothes?
If he had done it this way, we would have already found it, the stained clothes.
He would not have had time to get rid of it.
That's-that's true.
But then, who is to blame for the murder?
Now I'll tell you how it went, everything.
First of all, the murderer has pretended to be Katsuko...
and wrote a message to Suzuki on the blackboard in the kitchen.
Because that way he would stay in his room while committing the crime
and not get in the way, and at the same time he had no alibi.
"And in the evening, the murderer slipped out of the washroom...
and went upstairs to kill the girl in her room."
Ep, don't run so fast, Mouri.
According to Ran, no one has passed through the corridor,
in the time interval when the murder was committed.
Conan!
Yes!
Takagi, please.
There is a potted plant with a very large plant in it
in front of the glass kitchen door.
Look on the floor next to it.
Aren't there marks that it's been moved?
Yes.
Can you move it a little bit to where the marks end?
Like this?
And can you go out into the hallway and close the door, please?
Well, it's your turn now, Ran.
(Takagi) Yes, indeed.
Would you be so kind as to go to the refrigerator and open the door when Kogoro tells you to do so?
when Kogoro tells you to do so?
The others come this way.
Yes, of course I will.
Keep an eye on Inspector Takagi.
(Kogoro voice) Go ahead, Ran.
Open the refrigerator door.
(Kogoro voice) Oh!
Yes.
You see.
It's well covered.
Inspector Takagi has become invisible
from the place where she has been sitting all the time Ran.
Conan told me earlier that the refrigerator door has been opened twice
in the interval of time when the murder has taken place.
"Once to take the cake out and the other to put it back in."
Before committing the crime, the murderer had moved the plant out of place...
taking advantage of the fact that the Ran had left the kitchen to go to the bathroom.
Then, he snuck out of the bathroom... and I also have evidence.
"Because he stepped on the shampoo that had spilled there on Yayoi."
"And left traces of it in the corridor."
"Then, when the refrigerator door was opened,
"He was able to walk past the kitchen...
and go up to Katsuko's room."
"There the girl was found,
drugged with the sleeping pills he had put in her drink, who slept."
"And she murdered him without a problem."
"After committing the crime and putting the blood-soaked towel
"In Suzuki's shoe compartment,
"When the refrigerator was opened again,"
he hurried back through and went into the bathroom.
Later, when he could, he put the plant back in its place.
But, so, father, I was...?
Yes, Ran, indeed,
you were used to create a false alibi.
Because visitors always sit where you have sat.
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
I was the one who opened the refrigerator door!
This means that the murderer is... the Yasuko?!
Eh?
Oh!
That I'm the murderer?!
Don't be ridiculous!
You're wrong!
Excuse me, Miss.
What have you done wrong, on this arm?
I see that it has blood on it.
Oh!
This is precisely the proof that he has gone up and down the stairs.
Take a look at the window over here overlooking the stairs.
Even if it's very high,
Yasuko was not interested in being seen,
when she went upstairs to commit the crime.
"That's why she passed crouching down, when it was at the height of the window,
but when she got up again...
she cut her left arm with the nail that was in the wall,
just past the window, from a picture they had hanging.
Just a moment, Mr. Mouri!
I was saying that Hidehisa wasn't the murderer because he didn't have any blood spatter.
I don't have Katsuko's blood on my clothes either, not even the smallest stain!

And that surprised me a lot, when I saw this wound.
How could it be that he had hurt his skin with the nail...
but the shirt was not torn?
And I don't know what I'm betting that the clothes he was wearing before didn't have any tears either.
How can this be explained?
Well, it's very simple.
He went into the bathroom, took off all his clothes...
and went to kill Katsuko completely naked!
(gasps)
After killing her,
he wiped off as much blood from her body as possible
with the towel with which he had wrapped the knife.
And, being very careful not to leave any traces on the floor....
she went back to the bathroom, naked, and finished washing herself in the shower.
You're wrong!
I didn't do it!
If you like, we can have the police check the bathtub drain.
I'm sure they'll detect traces of Katsuko's blood!
Uh...
Yasuko... Why did you do that?
I always felt her tap-dancing all over me, that plug, plug!
Every night the same!
He had it in his head, that noise.
And she wouldn't stop no matter how many times I asked her to.
I just couldn't take it anymore!
But to kill her for it...
And then yesterday he told me...
It just happens to make me feel really good.
It's like I'm heeling on top of your head itself, dear Yasuko.
So you'll just have to put up with it.
A vulgar, third-rate girl with no substance like you...
can only do me service in this way, see what I mean.
(Cries inconsolably)
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
Hey, hey, Father!
I just had a great idea!
Eh?
What if we share here with other people?
Come on.
Don't talk nonsense.
We'd save a lot of money.
Oh, wow, wow.
I know a very pretty woman, a professional who's doing very well,
who could have come to live with us;
oysters, too bad.
Ahem!
Well, on second thought, if it saves us a few bucks...
Really?
That's great!
I'll go put this plaque in the room we have empty.
Eh?
Then we could go back to living as a family.
Well, I'll call the mother right now and tell her.
No, Ran, don't call!
No, I want to call her.
Do'm the cell phone!
"He-he! Now that I remember... Ran's mother cooks..."
Eh?
No, Ran, no!
Wait, wait, wait!
Don't be hasty!
What?
Here, I just printed them.
Good luck.
(Woman) It's been 15 years since it happened.
In a rural house nearby there was a murder.
A policeman who was passing by felt a noise and when he went in...
-Red.
-Red.
Red.
"The bathtub has turned up full of..."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Tragedy of the Woman in Red (The Mist)'."

