(Shinichi voice) "La Ran, Sonoko and I have gone....
"In a cottage hidden in the middle of the forest...
with Masumi Sera, who invited us."
"Nearby, a murderess they call the Woman in Red...
There she committed a grisly crime about fifteen years ago."
"The Masumi has come in her brother's place.
"To solve a series of mysteries that are going on in the cottage,
all involving the color red."
"In the meantime..."
B-but... what is this?!
Gee, no!
(Shinichi, thinks) "It can't be!"
(All) Aaaah!
"Autumn takes away the heat of summer."
"Deductions are quite a show."
"Fiction or reality? The Sonoko has also seen the Woman in Red."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata !?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
(Conan voice) "The tragedy of the Woman in Red (The ghost)."
Go ahead, Inspector.
-Yes.
-Di.
The victim's name is Masaie Hakuya.
She was 28 years old.
He had come to spend the vacations in this rural house
with a group of friends.
Masaie arrived at the house around noon.
After lunch, everyone went about their assigned chores,
and he was killed while cleaning.
The corpse was later found by 3 girls who wanted to take a bath.
It was inside the bathtub, sunk under the water.
Yes, it was.
Oh, by the way... is the blood on the ground the victim's?
No, it is not.
The blood is from a boy who came to the cottage with the girls.
-Yeah.
Look, now they're all together.
-A boy?
Mm?
Oh!
What are you doing here?
But..., Conan, what happened to you?
Did you have blood coming out of your nose?
(nasal voice) Yes, yes... It's just that I saw the corpse and I got scared.
Yes, man!
It's just that he has seen the naked Ran and has freaked out a lot.
No, woman!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he-he! Yeah, that's exactly what happened."
It's... he's dead, isn't he, at Masaie?
Oooh...!
Oops...
(Inspector) Apparently, the killer stunned the victim...
by hitting him on the head with a blunt object.
When she was already unconscious, he drowned her in the bathtub.
Shit!
I don't get it.
Why did they kill him?
If I understand correctly, the victim was a cleaner, right?
Yes.
They touched the bathtub and the sink.
As we come every year in the same house,
we've already divided up the chores.
Sumika cleans the rooms and the corridor,
and Jinsuke is in charge of shopping.
The nearest store is about a kilometer from here,
about a kilometer from here.
I am the cook,
I'm in charge of organizing meals and cooking for everyone.
In fact, when we finish the chores we have been assigned,
sometimes we also help the others.
If I hadn't gone out shopping
and helped her clean the bathtub,
I wouldn't be dead now!
Let's see, who is the last one to see him alive?
After lunch he left the dining room to clean up,
and I haven't seen him since then.
When I opened the bathroom door, I didn't see him either.
-Well...
-Why did you open it?
"I saw that steam was coming out of the bathroom and I imagined
that he had prepared the bathtub for us."
And I went in to check with these two girls.
And what did he do?
Did you uncover the bathtub?
Yes, we uncovered it to check the temperature.
And at that time there was no red tomato floating.

Sumika, Sonoko and I were planning to bathe together later,
as soon as we finished cleaning the rooms.
But then, as we were about to get into the bathtub, Sumika saw the tomatoes,
Sumika saw the tomatoes.
Conan and I heard the screams... and ran to the bathroom.
"We found Masaie's corpse at the bottom of the bathtub,
hidden under the tomatoes."
You didn't see the body until he pulled her out of the water.
That's right.
The bathtub was covered with tomatoes.
Also, the water had the green color of bath salts,
and the boy's body had two weights on his stomach that prevented him from emerging.
Mm, therefore, the murderer....
"...has sunk the corpse and filled the bathtub with tomatoes
with the intention of keeping it hidden."
(Nasal voice) In what order has it been authenticated?
When it is in the system in the bathroom.
(nasal voice) How?
In what order?
It seems to me that you want to know...
which of you 3 was the first to enter the bathroom.
The one who entered first could have taken a bag of tomatoes
and emptied it into the bathtub.
What a bar you have!
What do you suspect about us?
It seems to me that Sumika was the first, right?
I could have sworn... she came in earlier wrapped with the towel
to uncover the bathtub.
Yes, but if she'd carried a bag with this pile of tomatoes in it,
we would have seen it right away.
Is it clear to you..., you perverted plug?!
In short, the crime has been committed at some point...
between Ran and the girls going in to check the water...
and then they finished cleaning up and went back to the bathroom.
What about you two?
I need to know where you were and what you were doing then.
Yes, of course.
As Tamames said before, I went out to do the shopping.
The nearest store is about a kilometer away, a 15-minute walk.
I bought beers and other things.
On my way back, I met the girl detective and her friend.
-Yes.
-Is it true?
She offered us a cold soda and we drank it on the way.
I had just bought it.
We met in the woods, very close to the store.
And what were you two doing in the woods?
I wanted to check a number of things
and I went for a walk with Conan.
-Me?
Well...
-And what were you doing, Tamames?
I cleared the table, washed the food dishes...
and I was starting to prepare things for dinner.
-Yes.
-You alone?
I was alone, locked in the kitchen.
So, there's no one who can confirm it.
No, but I talked to both of them through the kitchen door.
-Yes.
-Is it true?
While we were cleaning the dining room,
which communicates with the kitchen through a door...,
"...Tamames asked us what we wanted for dinner."
"We offered to help her,
but she said it wasn't necessary and that she had everything under control."
I thought her voice came from the kitchen.
Right.
And you, Sumika, were you also with the girls?
No, she was alone upstairs, cleaning the rooms.
I thought that, if they helped me, we would finish sooner,
so I went into the dining room to ask them for help.
And we continued cleaning together.
But it is true that, until then,
Sumika was cleaning upstairs.
"The vacuum cleaner was making a lot of noise and it felt like it was banging against the walls."
Ya.
So, the crime must have been committed...
while Sumika, Sonoko and Ran...
were cleaning the rooms and the dining room.
It could have been Tamames,
who has spent all her time in the kitchen.
W-wait a minute.
I assure you that I didn't come out of the kitchen
until Jinsuke came in loaded with bags.
I don't think it could have been Tamames.
What?
With the girls we only cleaned the first floor, where the bathroom is.
Tamames knows that I clean very thoroughly,
even the hallway.
No one could have died secretly on the first floor.
Besides..., Tamames is incapable of doing these things.
So who could it have been?
-(Jinsuke) We know.
- (Jinsuke) We all know!
A in Masaie has murdered her...
"...the Woman in Red!"
"It can only have been her."
(Jinsuke) -Yes.
-Who do you mean?
Fifteen years ago?

That demon who fifteen years ago committed a crime near here.
The red demon!
Although she must be hiding somewhere in the forest.
It's the same one that broke the window glass
and filled the floor with apples!
And the one who put rose petals in the hot water tank.
And the one who splashed red paint on the door.
She is responsible for everything that happens.
Yeah, but... what motive could she have for wanting to kill poor Masaie?
She's a sadistic killer!
We can't know how such a twisted person thinks.
At that hour, the front door was unlocked.
The Woman in Red does not know the Sumika's cleaning habits.
She has sneaked in and died in Masaie just because,
without anyone discovering her.
And then, who knows why, she filled the bathtub with tomatoes.
This is impossible.
This week we confirmed the death
of one Komayo Taken, the Woman in Red.
(All) What?!
But the other day I saw on the news
that they still hadn't found him.
3 years after that crime,
a girl's body turned up at the bottom of a swamp in this forest.
-Y-yes.
-Did you know about it?
Of course we did.
It was Satoko.
-That's right.
-Our classmate!
What you probably don't know is that at the bottom of the swamp
they also found the bones of a person
who had been dead for about three years.
"Next to her was a knife, the murder weapon."
"That made us think it could be the Komayo's body."
Before killing her husband, Komayo had set fire to her house...
and all her belongings had been burned,
so it took a long time to compare the DNA samples.
"Until, last week,
"His mother died and we discovered
that she had a piece of her daughter's umbilical cord saved."
"We ran it against the DNA from the bones
and it was a hundred percent match."
The Woman in Red has been gone for several years now, then.
Tomorrow we plan to explain it to the media.
It was a media case,
and the Nagano police will score big points,
now that we have finally been able to solve it.
But then, who is the culprit?
Could... could it be the spirit of the Woman in Red?
If it's a ghost, the baseball bat I've been carrying won't do me any good.
I guess they'll stay here to protect us...
-Guys, take it easy.
-Right, Inspector?
For the moment, you'll have to wait in your rooms...
until we finish investigating.
Oh, boy.
Is this the bat to fight the Woman in Red?
-Mm?
-Yes.
I brought it to give a good hiding
to the person who's playing pranks on us, whoever it is.
-Mm...
-Is there anything?
No significant marks, and the luminol didn't reveal anything.
I think we can rule out it being the murder weapon.
-How is it? -How is it?
-But it's...
Sticky, like it's had something stuck to it.
-Nothing, I don't know.
-What could it be?
(Masumi) Listen...
If there's air conditioning in the room,
how come you have a fan?
I don't know, I must have taken it to someone who didn't want to turn on the air conditioner...
and forgot to return it.
-Any news?
-Inspector...
Yes, look...
What?!
The murder weapon is one of the weights that held the corpse down?
Yes, the wound opening and the groove in the skull...
match the weights.
- (Masumi) Conan, come!
-Have we heard anything from Inspector Yamato?
No, not yet.
(Masumi) Look.
What do you think?
Say.
This is not...?
But why?
And this... I took it from the crime scene.
Oh, right!
Mm!
Yeah, right.
You want us to do the experiment?
Yes.
I have no doubt.
I thought so.
Yes, I think you did.
So, the culprit is...
(loud thunder)
Wow, it's starting to rain.
Oooh!
Now the Woman in Red is coming out!
(laughs)
Stop it at once!
(Laughs) Seriously.
What, what happened?
O-oh, man!
I just saw a woman with long hair in front of me,
on the other side of the window.
The-the light!
I don't think it's funny, do you feel?
-Oh!
- (loud thunder)
Just... just walked by!
What... what else did you see?
What?!

(loud thunder)
-Eh?
- (window: knock)
-Who's there?
- (window: knock)
Tamames?
Jinsuke?
All that was missing was for the light to go off...
Who's there?
We were told that we couldn't leave the house...
Aaaah!
-Follow me!
-Where's the Sumika?
Oh!
Are you all right, Sumika?
-The Woman in Red.
-Who did this to you?
Oh!
Eh?
The... the Woman in Red?
But that's impossible!
I've already told you that we've confirmed her death!
B-but... when the power went out,
someone started knocking on my window, and when I opened it...
"... there was-there was a woman with long hair
who came at me with a knife."
"When I ran away, she cut me in the back."
You're absolutely sure, it was the Woman in Red?
-No, I didn't see it.
-Did you get a look at her face?
Everything was dark, I only saw a silhouette.
But if she was carrying a knife and had long hair,
it couldn't be anyone else.
-What happened, Sumika?
-Su-Sumika!
We have to treat her wound.
Help me take her to the dining room, please.
Then we'll all stay there together
and wait for the light to come back on.
It's too dangerous for us to be alone in the dark.
It's a clean cut, but it's superficial.
Yes.
Please, Ran, bring me some disinfectant.
Are you sure... this blackout was accidental?
Yes, it looks like lightning struck the substation...
and it'll take a while to restore power.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He took advantage of an accidental power outage to attack?"
(Shinichi, thinks) -Okay.
-He'll cook you for a while.
Sumika, is it true that you were attacked by the Woman in Red?
Yes..., you didn't see the wound?
Yeah, but... that woman is dead, isn't she?
What if the piece of umbilical cord that you confronted with DNA
was someone else's?
That's impossible.
Komayo's mother had always refused to hand over the cord to us
because she did not want to accept that her daughter was dead.
We have been able to find out from her relatives.
She is already a legend, but the other things are real.
The vandalism.
"The other things"?
For more than 10 years now, when this time comes,
the rural houses in this area are attacked.
Things like the ones you explained before happen:
they break windows and throw objects.
These are not simple pranks.
We have found some of them with the locks picked
and with signs that someone has entered and lived and everything.
We also have witnesses who have seen mysterious silhouettes in the woods.
That's why so far we haven't been entirely certain
that the corpse in the swamp was that of the Woman in Red.
Lla-so, the woman I saw earlier through the window...?
When did you say you saw it?
Sonoko...
Ju-just before the blackout.
Tell me, where were you?
I-I was on the other side of the window.
He... came out of the trees!
She tilted her head and looked at me!
She had long hair... and it was a woman!
(Loud thunder)
(Both) Aaaah!
That's her.
The-the person who attacked me was her!
It... it... it couldn't be.
Could it be... the ghost of the Woman in Red?
If-if we don't leave right away, we'll end up... we'll end up...!
Yes!
The ghost of the Woman in Red will kill us all!
There is no such thing.
Neither spirits, nor monsters, nor witches, nor wizards.
They are just fantastic characters.
In this world there are only human beings.
Yes, of course.
Right, Conan?
Don't worry.
What you've seen is a woman of flesh and blood.
If we combine my "jeet kune do" with Ran's karate,
the snap will be over in a jiffy.
Aaa... mm-hm.
I haven't had a chance yet... to ask you who you are.
You don't look like just a classmate of Ran and Sonoko.
Yes, we'd better make introductions.
I'm Masumi Sera, you could say I'm a girl detective.
She's the younger sister of a boy who came to high school with us.
We've asked her to come with her friends
to solve the mysterious events that happen in this house.
In Sera told us that he was very busy,
but that his sister had just returned from America
and she had a lot of free time.
-Yes.
-Wow!
You've been to America?
Actually, that's where I've lived for the last 3 years,
but now I'm back because I missed Japan.
Eh?

(Misumi: thinks) "I have returned... to meet the magician again."
(Loud thunder)
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
...who is lurking in the forest.
Maybe there is someone else...
Like Satoko and Masaie, all dead.
- (SOMICA)
-The ghost will come for us...
Aaaah!
No one else will die, okay?
So that the ghost of the Woman in Red...
does not exist.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Tragedy of the Woman in Red (Revenge)."

