"The Masumi has invited us to a house hidden in the middle of the woods
to solve a series of mysteries related to the Woman in Red."
"One of the house's guests, in Masaie Hakuya,
turns up dead in the bathtub."
"Later, a mysterious woman attacks the Sumika Kawana with a knife."
"Autumn takes away the heat of summer."
"The deductions are quite a show."
"The Masumi is hiding something,
but we'll finally solve the mystery of the Woman in Red."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Oh!
Mata!?
Nerareta gimmick miwaku no saturday night.
Dakedo Oh!
Chotto natsubate-GIMI atsusa to Kono Jitai.
Nanon Oh oh oh oh mata mo jiken.
Oh oh oh oh aratana shit?
Oh!
No!
Homuzu ya nai.
Nande nande nande nande nande nande nande kami yo...
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
Ah omou yo ni ikanai hatoba de tatazunda.
Akogare idaki Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Asno no yo ni hajiketobi korizu ni kyo mo take a ride.
Sa Nemuri o kake Y melt slowly Y melt slowly.
Hey!
Nazo o toki shosetsu ni makenu karakuri ga.
Nazo half machi Isando ashi de mukaeba....
ATAM de kangae tsukareta.
"The Tragedy of the Woman in Red (Revenge)."
I have sent for a car to come and pick you up.
Above all, stay here and don't move until it arrives.
In the meantime, I will check the other rooms.
You guys will stay here and keep watch.
But Inspector, these two boys are coming with you?
Uh... Yes, they're coming with me.
I have to ask the girl something.
As for the boy, Inspector Yamato told me on the phone earlier...
that he would help me a lot during the investigation.
Stay tuned.
How come he didn't come, Chief Inspector Yamato?
Aren't they from the same team?
I wanted to check something before the press conference
where we will announce that we have solved the case of the Woman in Red.
He went with Inspector Morofushi.
It seems that the two of you collaborated
in the investigation of the Woman in Red case.
There's nothing here either.
No long-haired wigs, no knives, no wet clothes.
The window sill is dry and there are no traces of mud either.
This means that the woman who attacked the Sumika is not Tamames.
We also found nothing suspicious in Jinsuke NINDS' room.
And at the entrance door and in the corridor there is not a single print.
Not a single one.
Strange, I was convinced it was one of these two.
So, we have to consider the possibility...
that the attack was staged by the Sumika.
Perhaps she self-injured herself to make it look like she was being attacked
and divert suspicion.
Allow me to doubt that.
The wound that Sumika has on her back
is a single, horizontal, clean cut.
She could not have done it herself.
If it wasn't her, who could be the person who attacked her?
(Masumi) Maybe the culprit... is not in this house with us.
Maybe there is someone else...
...who is lurking in the forest, ready to attack us.
(Thunder)
Aaaah!
Aaah...
But it was just a joke, woman!
"He's not a policeman?"
By the way, didn't you have to ask me something?
Ah... Of course you did.
I wanted to ask you about the mysterious events
that have happened in this house.
I thought that, if you've come to investigate them,
you should be aware of the details.
I understand you've been given some photographs.
(Uehara) Ah, yes.
(Uehara) Ah... I'll take care of it.
It's really weird stuff.
Red apples, red roses and red paint.
And to top it off, at the crime scene we found...
a floating pile of tomatoes in the bathtub.
It looks like it was made expressly for us to link it to the Woman in Red.
Wow, this picture is not current...
This photograph is not current...
No.
It's an old photograph.
It was taken 12 years ago,
just a few hours before your partner disappeared.
Look, the girl in the middle here is Satoko Imoto,
the one who drowned in the swamp.
How strange!
In this photograph she is wearing a beige jacket.
Yes.
I understand
that, when she was found, she was wearing a long red trench coat.
What?

It turns out that the murder weapon of the Woman in Red,
which turned up after 3 years by the swamp,
was found by Inspectors Yamato and Morofushi,
who were still at the police academy at the time.
And... since then they have not stopped arguing about the case.
Inspector Yamato claimed
that the bones that had turned up next to the girl's body
were not those of the Woman in Red,
while Inspector Morofushi was absolutely convinced that they were.
that they were.
The other day, when he confirmed definitively that they were,
Inspector Morofushi made a satisfied face, not hiding,
but in Kan he still didn't see it clearly.
Kan?
Eh?
Ui.
I meant Inspector Kansuke Yamato.
I-I call him that because we've been friends since we were little.
Well, anyway.
Now they've gone to see the officer who was at the crime scene 15 years ago.
It seems that the man left the police
and now works in an arcade.
Right now they must be questioning him.
(Man) Well, it doesn't add up to me, that's not right.
Ah...
After the crime,
you were supposed to search the forest for the Woman in Red, right?
How is it that then you couldn't find the murder weapon
and it suddenly appeared after 3 years?
It must have been hidden in the leaves on the ground.
When we found it, it was not visible to the naked eye either.
Anyway, it had been 3 years.
Shouldn't the knife be more rusty?
He thinks the blade was made of stainless steel.
However, when the Woman in Red stabbed you...
you ran after him, didn't you?
You must have known that, in the direction she had fled,
there was a quicksand swamp, right?
I don't understand why you didn't go looking for her there.
I-I didn't run after him b-b-because I was terrified...
How!
(Cries)
That woman... she threw the knife at me.
"She had blood all over her face and I was scared to death."
Oh.
That traumatized me so much, I decided to leave the police force.
You're sorry?
Does this mean...
Yes.
We have to warn her.
What's that?
That the report is wrong?
Yeah, it looks that way.
The officer who showed up at the crime scene was so freaked out,
he made a mistake when he wrote it up.
Anyway,
"In Komei and I came immediately."
-Me?
Be careful of what?
- "Be careful, Uehara."
Au, think a little.
- (communication cut off)
- "In the forest..."
Oops, my battery's dead...
What did the chief inspector tell you?
He says that the officer who wrote the case report made a mistake.
It seems that he declared
that the Woman in Red had escaped after stabbing him,
but what happened is that she threw the knife at him and ran away.
"Finally, now it all adds up."
"So, I was right all along."
(He thinks) "I already know he died in Masaie."
Hm.
"I already knew it, that ghosts....
(See)... don't exist."
Inspector...
-What?
-So?
Have you found out anything?
I mean, do you already know who is the person
who drowned Masaie in the bathtub and attacked the Sumika?
No.
Not yet.
Then what are you waiting for?!
Do your job!
(Sumika) I knew it.
It was a ghost.
The spirit of that woman will kill us all.
Don't be hasty...
But... then it could be her, couldn't it?
If so, as long as we're here, we're all in danger.
She'll kill us all, one by one.
Like Satoko and Masaie, all dead.
The ghost will come for us...
(Jinsuke) It's impossible to run away from a spirit, there's nothing to do.
Ah!
No one else will die, okay?
So that the ghost of the Woman in Red...
doesn't exist.
B-but you still don't know who has attacked Masaie and Sumika, do you?
You are wrong.
We already know who is the person who has died in Masaie
and hid her at the bottom of the bathtub.
You mean it's not...
...the same person who tried to stab Sumika?
So, the culprit is one of us?
-I don't understand.
-Yes.
When the Ran checked the water temperature,
"There was nothing strange."
"But when the girls finished cleaning up and uncovered the bathtub,

was found full of tomatoes and at the bottom was Masaie's body."
This means that the crime was committed while the girls were cleaning.
Therefore, the only ones who could have killed Masaie are the Tamames,
who says she was closed in the kitchen preparing dinner,
and Jinsuke,
who had gone shopping at the store that is at least 1 km from the house.
But, if I didn't misunderstand, they both have alibis, right?
Yes.
At that time, the girls were cleaning the first floor,
which is where the bathtub is.
No one could have committed the crime and hidden the body in the bathroom
without them noticing.
In addition, the murderer has covered the surface of the water with tomatoes and placed the weights in the bathtub.
and placed the weights on the corpse's belly to keep it submerged and prevent us from finding it.
and prevent us from finding him.
That is why he had to make more than one trip.
So it could not have been any of his companions.
He is wrong.
When the Ran checked the water temperature,
"Masaie's body was already at the bottom of the bathtub."
"Only one person could have done it."
Yes.
It's the person who cleaned the upstairs
the upstairs before entering the bathroom.
Sumika Kawana.
Only you could have committed the crime.
Did... did Sumika... did Sumika die?
What nonsense!
This is impossible.
It is true.
La Ran and I witnessed Sumika cleaning upstairs.
We heard the noise of the vacuum cleaner
and the banging it made when it hit the walls.
The banging has an explanation.
Jinsuke's bat was hanging on a column with cardboard glued to it.
The fan, running at full speed, was spinning in the direction of the column,
was spinning oriented to the column.
"Every time the air from the fan came,
"The baseball bat would take off
and, when it returned to its place, it collided with the spine."
"That's why you were feeling bumps."
"And the bat was sticky, because there were traces of duct tape."
"Also, Jinsuke's room is right above the dining room,
which is where Ran and Sonoko were cleaning."
On the column in the room there is a hook ideal for hanging the bat.
But I didn't see anything, in the bathtub.
The bath salts made the water green and you couldn't see the bottom, right?
Maybe so, but what is certain is that there was not a single tomato.
What?
Not on the surface, no.
I mean the tomatoes were at the bottom of the tub.
I don't understand what you mean, Conan.
The Masumi has taken this tomato from the crime scene.
If we put it in a container full of water...
See?
It sinks.
This usually happens with vegetables sold in supermarkets.
You mean they sink
because they are tomatoes with a high sugar content, right?
That's why you didn't see them,
because they were hidden under the surface of the water.
And how did they rise to the surface and stay floating?
Really?
By adding salt.
First, there was just the right amount of salt to stain the water...
and keep the tomatoes at the bottom.
Just a little more had to be added to achieve this.
Float.
When we increase the salinity,
the relative density of the water exceeds that of the tomatoes and they float.
In this case, the bath salts were ideal for not drawing attention to themselves.
This means that,
while Sumika was pretending to clean the plant above,
she approached Masaie, who was cleaning the bathroom,
and stunned her by hitting her over the head with the weights.
He then drowned her in the bathtub....
"And placed the weights on top of her to keep her from floating."
"Then he put in the tomatoes and the bath salts,
"just enough to stain the water...
without the tomatoes floating."
"Later,
"He made Ran and Sonoko go into the bath with some excuse
so that they could see that there was nothing floating in the bathtub."
"When they were about to take a bath, she went in first....
and added more salts to the water to make the tomatoes emerge."
What happened to me
when I took the corpse out of the bathtub also happened to you.
On your sleeves there must also be some stains
that show that they have been wet with salt water
and then dried.
In other words, salt crystals.
"Your sleeves must have gotten wet.

when you put the salts in the bathtub, and that gave you away."
"When we first met, you had your sleeves down,
but then you rolled them up."
In fact, if you want me to be honest,
I've suspected you were hiding something from the beginning.
Why?
Because at first everyone else thought
that Masumi was a boy.
You, on the other hand, gave her the photos without asking her anything first.
This can only mean that you knew the Masumi was the girl detective.
So the Woman in Red we saw in the forest is you.
You already knew us
because you overheard the conversation we had on our way here.
The woman we saw was Sumika?
And now!
Sumika... Did you kill her?
Is this true?
Mm... Yes, it's true.
I've put on a long-haired wig,
a red raincoat and red boots
to impersonate the Woman in Red
and expose the coward...
who let Satoko die.
Who let her... let her die?
That day I talked to a policeman and I understood everything.
"He told me that Satoko was wearing a red raincoat..,
when he pulled her out of the swamp."
Wait a minute.
If I remember correctly, she was wearing a beige jacket that day, right?
Because she had also dressed up as the Woman in Red.
(Tamames) Who said she had seen the Woman in Red in the forest that day?
-It was her.
-Wasn't it Satoko?
(Tamames) "When we went out to look for her,
"Satoko accompanied us into the forest...
and made it look like she was lost by disguising herself and scaring us."
"In order for the prank to work out well,
"I needed to have an accomplice who would guide us to the place
where she was waiting for us disguised as the Woman in Red."
Her accomplice was in Masaie?
Yes, exactly.
I used the apples,
the roses and the red paint to frighten him
and force him to confess,
but he didn't give himself away until I disguised myself as the Woman in Red.
"The only thing that would confuse the Woman in Red with Satoko is the accomplice who helped her.
is the accomplice who helped her that day."
I've gone to see her while she was cleaning the bathroom and she confessed everything to me.
"When he went to look for the Satoko, she wasn't there."
"She got scared and didn't dare to explain this to us."
I imagine she got lost and couldn't find the place where they had arranged to meet.
If she had confessed to us that day in Masaie
that they had set up a joke,
the Satoko... although she would be alive!
W-wait a minute.
So who was it, the woman who attacked you?
It must have been Jinsuke or Tamames,
who found out what I did to Masaie.
How?
We are incapable of doing something like that to you.
W-well then...
He's right.
There's only one person left.
W-who could it have been?
A woman who was involved in the crime...
...but no one knows if she's alive or dead.
(Thunder)
Aaaaaaaah!
I've found you.
Aaaaaaaagh !!!!
It's over!
The Woman in Red is not here!
Your chance for revenge was over 15 years ago!
When you've made a mistake, you should correct it as soon as possible.
Rectify it right away, so you realize it,
with a steady pulse and without a moment's hesitation.
The Nagano police have called a press conference tomorrow to announce that the report on the Nagano crime
to announce that the 15-year-old crime report is wrong.
You can bury the hatchet now, Shinobu Kagawa.
You too are a victim of the Woman in Red.
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
The lover?
So, she was the lover of the man...
who was stabbed to death by the Woman in Red?
They were lovers, yes.
On that day, the man she loved was brutally murdered in front of his
and she had been waiting 15 years
she had been waiting for the opportunity to take revenge on the Woman in Red.
Then, the woman who has attacked the Sumika....
As the Sumika roamed the forest in red clothes,

she had mistaken him for the Woman in Red.
And perhaps the Satoko was not the place where she had met Masaie
because she had attacked her and had had to flee.
But when did you find out, all this?
When I found out that there was a mistake in the crime report.
What?
If the murderer threw the knife at the policeman,
she didn't have it on her when she fled.
However, after 3 years they found it on the shore of the swamp.
The same swamp where the Woman in Red had drowned while trying to flee.
while trying to flee.
Thus I realized that the culprit could only be the lover,
who was at the scene of the crime and had seen everything.
What?
Masumi.
Maybe you should call your brother to explain it to him, right?
I should call him, yes, but I happen to have lost my cell phone.
Can you give me a missed call?
When we feel him, we'll know where he is.
Yes, sure.
(Cell phone)
Look, it's under the dish cupboard.
How did he end up here?
Oh! (Cell phone ringing)
Who is it, this child?
You found it.
Thank you very much.
D-nothing.
Hi, it's me.
Yeah, it wasn't easy...
"The photo appeared when the call was cut off."
"That means he left it open before he locked the phone."
"He deliberately showed it to me, then?"
"Why did he do that?"
I swear it's true.
Aah!
In Dodompa, in Dodompa he never lies.
Yes.
Is that so?
What's the problem, inspector?
It's me!
I'm the killer you're looking for!
The whole country has taken your side, Mr. Dodompa.
Everyone understands.
"Who could have leaked the news?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
The humorist who confessed (part one) '."

