(Shinichi's voice) "Mr. Mouri and I
"We have coincided at the Beika police station with in Rokusuke Dodompa,
a famous comedian who has turned himself in to the police."
"He claims that his business partner and manager Hideki Tendo has died."
(Shot)
"But the investigation soon reveals
"That there are inconsistencies in his confession,
especially regarding the time and weapon of the crime."
"Furthermore, a painter named Izumi Suda...
has confirmed that she has an alibi."
"In the end, she ends up confessing that she lied to frame herself."
"Thus, in Rokusuke Dodompa has been released."
Mm?
Gentlemen, I want to apologize publicly.
In order to protect the honor of en Hideki Tendo,
the man to whom I owe all that I am now..,
I have pretended to be the person who killed her.
That is why I have turned myself in to the police.
I apologize from the bottom of my heart, I hope you can forgive me!
Listen, one question, please.
How did you know,
that Mr. Dodompa had turned himself in to the police?
Eh?
Ah, yes, it's just that we received a leak.
Through an anonymous call.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's impossible that it was the officer on duty."
What?!
"Neither Mr. Mouri or I, there's only..."
"Maybe his real goal.
"It's not to plead guilty to a crime he didn't commit....,
"but to make everyone think he did."
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"We will dismantle the famous humorist's alibi
with a brilliant deduction."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
(Conan voice) "The humorist who confessed (Part Two)."
Mr. Mouri, breakfast is ready!
Mmm...!
Hey, what about Ran?
He left first thing in the morning because he had a karate match.
What about you?
That you don't have to go to school today?
Ah, that's right!
No, today is a holiday.
(TV: man) "Gentlemen, I want to apologize publicly."
"In order to protect
"the honor of Hideki Tendo, the man to whom I owe all that I am now,
I have impersonated the person who killed her."
"That is why I have turned myself in to the police."
"I apologize to them from the bottom of my heart. I hope you can forgive me."
The truth is that the move has worked out well for him.
He has become the center of attention
(Shinichi, he thinks) "But he's back in fashion, which is what he needed.
(Shinichi, thinks) "But what did he turn himself in to the police for?"
(Conan voice) When I used to watch it on TV
I had always found it ridiculous and disgusting,
but now I see that she's a good person.
Ha!
His popularity will soar, and the production companies will raffle him off.
He'll make a lot of money!
Oh...!
"I swear it's true. AAAA!"
"In Dodompa..., in Dodompa he never lies!"
Mm?
Hey, hi, Conan!
Hello, Takagi.
Mr. Mouri asked me to come and talk to you.
You can tell there's something about this case
that makes his head dance.
The killer used the emergency ladder
both to get in and to get out, didn't he?
Well, let's assume so, because the doorman didn't see anyone suspicious.
Ah, Mr. Mouri also wants to know...
if he has found out where the gun came from.
We've checked that near Beika station
there's a construction site.
It looks like the killer took the iron bar from there.
Takagi!
I have investigated the victim.
His acquaintances say he had a good reputation,
he wasn't a blackmailer.
Is that so?
But then...
This has nothing to do with

with what Mr. Dodompa stated when he turned himself in.
-Oh.
- (mobile)
This is Inspector Takagi.
What?!
You received a call from the culprit?
Yes, the alleged murderer just called me at headquarters...
to tell me that Mr. Tendo was extorting money from her.
(Mechanized voice) "Tendo was blackmailing me and strangling me!"
"I couldn't take it anymore."
I understand how you feel,
but the first is to tell me what his name is so that we can...
(Phone: end of call)
(Phone: end of call) Huh?
Hello?
Hello?
The call has been made from a public phone,
I have already sent someone.
You can tell it's a woman.
But by the way she speaks...
Well, understood.
-A woman, they say?
-So it's a woman, eh?
Mr. Dodompa!
I've come to ask if you've discovered anything else.
If not, Mr. Tendo won't be able to rest in peace!
If that's the reason, you don't need to worry.
Mr. Mouri has told me that he has already discovered the real murderer
and that he only needs to find evidence to incriminate him.
-Are you sure we can trust him?
-Do you really mean it, Conan?
Yes, one hundred percent!
He's a famous detective.
Yes, yes, oh, so much!
Who has never heard of the Sleeping Kogoro?
You've dropped this, Mr. Dodompa.
Some propaganda handkerchiefs.
Yes, thank you.
Well, I'm not at all surprised that the murderer was a woman.
It's easier to blackmail them.
What's that?
You say you come from Kogoro Mouri?
You can tell he's a good detective...
He asked me to confirm it.
He's right, Mr. Tendo always did the same thing.
One day, I even asked him why.
How come he always comes to shop at the same time,
a few minutes before 8 o'clock?
I have the habit of having breakfast while watching the program
which starts at 8 o'clock.
That presenter has stolen my heart.
Of course, I get it.
It's called breakfast with a good view!
The truth is that the girl is gorgeous.
Mm.
Thank you very much, good bye!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it. I always had breakfast at the same time."
(Woman) H-how?
Who do you say you are?
Kogoro Mouri's errand boy?
Y... who is this Kogoro Mouri?
Ah.
Doesn't ring a bell, kid.
Well... he's a very famous detective.
Anyway, you can tell the detective that,
if he wants to ask me questions, there's no need to send me a creature.
Let him come himself.
(Shinichi voice) You were right.
He doesn't seem to live in this world.
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's why he used it to alibi himself."
(Megure voice) Aaa.... Mouri, is that you?
Soc in Megure.
I don't get it.
Why is he asking me, the inspector?
Besides, I don't know what's the point of asking him that again.
What are you doing here?
Mrs. Suda, you're so concentrated on painting...
you must not even know what time it is, right?
I just don't care what time it is.
While I'm locked up here in the workshop, all I think about is painting.
And when I get sleepy, I lie down right there and take a nap.
That's my life.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I came to ask you about what happened yesterday.
Besides, if you don't have a TV, radio or cell phone,
when you want to know the time
you must necessarily look at this wall clock, right?
Yes.
Just one clock is enough for me.
Mm!
And listen...
Oops!
Ouch!
Shut up for a while!
I came to ask you about what happened yesterday.
When the police came I told you everything.
In Dodompa he called me the night before last
to tell me that he would come the next day at 9:00 a.m.,
and he did exactly what he had promised me.
How did he know it was 9 o'clock?
Did you check the time with the clock?
Yes, and it was 9 o'clock, just as we had arranged.
Of course it was.
Very well, then, we have already confirmed it.
Au, let's go!
Just a moment!
Yesterday, when the inspectors came to talk to you...
-Well, I see you were asleep.
-Who are they and what do they want from me?
When they knocked on the door, you were asleep, weren't you?
Yesterday was different.
Are you in the habit of napping?
I don't know what happened to me, but... I must have been tired,
because while I was chatting with Dodompa...

and ate the cake I had taken with me,
I was caught in a dream...!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I knew it!"
(Conan voice) And listen.... Ah!
I said it's time to go, peeping tom.
One question and that's enough.
Lock the workshop door, before you go to sleep?
No, never.
There's nothing here worth stealing.
You could see it coming.
In the end he didn't say anything we didn't already know...
Mm?
By the way, you...
Me?
N-nothing, just...
What were you doing, waiting for me there?
It's very strange, the whole thing.
What's one in head doors, nano?
-Mm?
The Paradise Room?
-Come and play, sir.
-Yes, lots and lots!
-They give out a lot of prizes?
You'll win so much and so much that you won't be able to reach it!
It's down there, isn't it?
I'll be right back!
Thank you!
Mm?
Yes, say, pretty.
Can I ask you a question?
Yesterday you also handed out propaganda handkerchiefs?
Yes, yesterday I started working a little before 10 o'clock in the morning.
And do you know if...
you gave a package to any famous TV personality?
What?
Hey, inspectors!
Have you caught the killer, then?
Yes!
Did you bring him here too?
Mr. Mouri called me just as I was on my way to work.
(Kogoro) Shit, I'm broke!
He's got me all tangled up, that one.
"You'll earn so much that you won't be able to afford it."
Bah!
Ah, inspector.
Here we are, Mouri!
So they already have the culprit.
What do you mean?
But it's you, who called us.
Ah...?
Ah...?
Aaah...!
Th-this must be the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
(Gentlemen, I have solved the murder...
of the director of the artists' agency.
You will soon know the whole truth.
For now, we know that he was blackmailing a woman.
(Kogoro voice) Oh, you mean that phone call?
That was a ploy by the killer to throw the police off the scent.
Eh ?!
This whole blackmail thing was a made-up story
to divert attention.
-Huh?!
-Wasn't it, Mr. Dodompa? -It was.
So that the person who killed Mr. Tendo... is you!
J... me?!
In fact, you confessed it yourself yesterday when you went to the police station.
I thought we'd already proved that confession was false.
that that confession was false.
You don't know how it affects me, what you say.
I pleaded guilty to a crime I hadn't committed
with the intention of protecting Mr. Tendo's reputation.
I see that you have not understood my feelings.
There is nothing to understand,
because these "feelings" you say you have never had.
So why should I have given myself up voluntarily?
Besides, you already know that I have an alibi for 9 am,
which is the time the director of the agency was killed.
-Y-yes.
-Is it true or not?
That's why they decided I couldn't be charged with anything.
You are absolutely right!
You have to be very clever...
...to use the police investigation to your advantage.
"Yesterday morning, he came sneaking into Beika's neighborhood...
at about half past five o'clock on the 9th."
"He stole an iron bar from a construction site where no one was there...
and put it in a golf case."
"It was 9 o'clock when he arrived at the office
up the emergency staircase."
-Hello, good morning.
Good morning!
I'm here.
You're early today.
Hey, what's with the guitar?
I guess you had breakfast at 8 o'clock today like every day.
-Yes, I did.
Why do you ask me that?
-Is it true?
Because it will be a very important factor...
in determining the time of death
when they do the autopsy in a few hours.
- (thud)
-E-ei, may I ask what...?!
(Kogoro voice) "Once the crime was committed,
"He hid the gun in the back of the building,
"He hurried back to the Akebono neighborhood...
and went to Mrs. Suda's workshop."
T- 10 o'clock!
It was 10 o'clock in the morning.
That's a lie, I arrived at 9!
Yes, Mrs. Suda said it was 9 o'clock.
No doubt about it, she looked at the clock to check.
What if the clock had been an hour late?
That can't be.
What do you say?
While we were in the workshop we checked that the clock was on time.
Yes, at Dodompa it came at 9 o'clock.

(Kogoro voice) This is because Mr. Dodompa put it in the time
before the police went to the shop to check his alibi.
-It would be the night before yesterday.
-And now!
He waited for Mrs. Suda to sleep and went into the workshop.
"The painter, who no longer pays attention to the time,
had not noticed that the clock was an hour late."
Gee!
Come to think of it, maybe I got the time mixed up?
What?
On the contrary, you are very punctual.
Please come in.
(Kogoro voice) That's how she made him believe that she had gone to see at 9 o'clock.
"Besides, I had to put some sleeping pills in the cake I brought him."
Are you all right, Mrs. Suda?
I'm sorry, it's just that I'm terribly sleepy.
You must be very tired, lie down for a while.
Sleep well, I'll be leaving soon.
(Kogoro voice) "And then he turned the clock forward again."
Now I understand why the clock was running on the hour
when we went to see her.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
That's a great story for a new show, Mr. Mouri!
I'll put on the show of false deductions!
I'm sure it will be a big hit.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Kogoro voice) Yesterday morning you had a collision with a person on the street,
near Mrs. Suda's workshop, right?
The Paradise Salon!
Come visit us.
The Paradise Saloon!
Hey, but you're at Rokusuke Dodompa, aren't you?
-Could you sign an autograph for me?
-You're wrong.
I tell you, you've got the wrong person!
(Kogoro voice) It was almost 10 o'clock.
And I was carrying Mrs. Suda's books,
so I hadn't gone to see her yet.
I don't know who it was, that man, but it sure wasn't me.
There must be many other people who have their collections of paintings.
(Kogoro voice) Really?
If we analyze the prints in the books, we'll know right away.
Ha-ha-ha!
Of course there are my prints.
It's normal, they are, if he left them to me.
(Kogoro voice) -Huh?
- (Kogoro voice) Sus, no.
(Kogoro voice) The fingerprints of the boy who was handing out handkerchiefs.
I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy!
(Boy) Excuse me.
(Boy) -Okay.
-I'm sorry.
It's just that you look so much like him.
How late!
It's almost 10 o'clock.
(Kogoro voice) If he didn't talk to you
and didn't help him pick up the books,
his fingerprints won't be there, will they?
If he went to see Mrs. Suda after this incident,
it wasn't 9 o'clock in the morning, it was 10 o'clock.
And it's very suspicious that she had that sleep attack
right after eating her cake.
(Kogoro voice) Once she had fabricated the false alibi,
she returned to Beika's neighborhood.
It was 11 o'clock when he left the station.
"He nailed the corpse once with the bat.
"To have a fake murder weapon,
and gave himself up to the police at half past five, 12 o'clock."
After turning himself in and confessing to the murder,
he waited for the police to find the murder weapon
and the testimony exculpating him.
This is how he got them to decide not to charge him with the murder.
First he made us believe that he was the murderer
and waited for us to exculpéssim ourselves.
What I do not understand is what motive led him to act like that.
(Kogoro voice) Because in this way he killed two birds with one stone.
The media learned that he had confessed to the murder of the
that he had confessed to the murder of Mr. Tendo
through an anonymous phone call.
What?
The only thing that could have leaked the news so soon... is you.
Oh!
No one else knew.
Yes, before I entered the police station...
Yes, it looks like that comedian, in Rokusuke Dodompa,
just turned himself in.
(Kogoro voice) "He gathered the press and explained his version to them."
To protect the honor of the person to whom I owe everything I am,
I have pretended to be the man who killed her.
(Kogoro voice) I wanted everyone to think that I was a good person
and be the center of attention.
That's why he planned the surprising strategy
to turn himself in to the police.
Bingo!
He got it right!
At Hideki Tendo he was a wacko.
He said that we artists only have to take jobs that match our talent.
that are commensurate with our talent.
But what we want is to make money,
no matter what we have to do.
It bothered me, that's why I'm getting rid of him.
As you said, I killed two birds with one stone.

And everything went as planned!
Job offers are pouring in.
My popularity has skyrocketed.
I'm in fashion!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
YES!
I assure you it's true!
In Dodompa..., in Dodompa they never lie!
Ah-ah...!
Enough with the comedy!
You wretch!
He has no respect for the lives of others!
No...
I've already told you that he was the real killer.
I feel very bad.
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
What a mug!
So you never lie in Dodompa, huh?
Hey, didn't I tell you the truth?
In the Paradise Lounge you win so many prizes that you won't be able to reach.
Come here, liar!
Woman-me, give me the prizes you promised me!
(Shinichi, think) "A detective so famous
shouldn't believe everything he's told."
- (all) Eh?
-Keigo Hiura.
And he's mainly known for writing romance novels.
(Boy) What's the matter, Miss Minazuki?
Answer me!
Do you feel me?
(Shinichi, think) "It seems to be coming from the floor below."
(Boy) Miss, are you all right?
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"A romance novel with unexpected ending (Part One)."

