(Sonoko) That was scary, wasn't it, that woman in red?
Of course, in reality, the one who attacked us was not the Woman in Red.
(Sonoko) It's true;
I don't know what would have happened to us,
if Inspectors Yamato and Morofushi hadn't come.
I think we should still have been reduced even if they hadn't shown up.
Of course, because you have a lot of strength.
Do you do anything else besides martial arts?
Well, when I was little I really liked to do "jeet kune do".
I used to train watching the videos my older brother would send me.
I practically wore out the tapes from watching them so much.
And luckily, in my neighborhood there was a gym and I could go there.
As for other sports,
I did a little bit of everything in PE class.
And when I went to the United States,
in elementary school I continued to play all kinds of sports,
always with friends, of course.
But, unfortunately, where I went there was no gymnasium.
Eh?
But I watched a lot of sports on TV with my mother, all the time.
And I guess you already know
that Conan has become quite a soccer star, right?
Gee, thanks a lot.
Hey, your mother still lives in the United States, then?
Yes, and that's exactly why, she's still there,
since I got back I've been going from hotel to hotel.
It's true that I could have gone to live with my half-brother,
who has always lived here in Japan, but he doesn't want me to go.
If you can afford to live in hotels
it means your family has a lot of money, right?
He-he!
What's rich is my father's friend...
who makes sure we don't lack anything.
But he doesn't have as much money as your family.
I don't know anyone else in the family who can give me a hand.
When I grow up
I will have to repay him somehow for all this effort.
(He thinks) "If it's just two older brothers and her,
"And she doesn't know anyone else in the family,
"Who would it be, that little girl I saw on her cell phone...
who looked so much like her?"
Hey, what's near here, your hotel?
-Why don't we go for a while?
-What?
Yes.
Yeah, come on, I'd like to see where you live too.
Yeah, sure, sure.
If you want, we can go.
But first I'll send a message to my brother.
Today I had arranged with him to see us for a while.
Don't worry.
It's all the same.
Then that's enough.
I wanted to explain to him the case of the Woman in Red
and that's why we had arranged to meet, but nothing happens,
I can explain it to you another day.
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"A famous novelist closes in a hotel room."
"A romance novel becomes a mystery novel."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"A romance novel with an unexpected ending (part one)."
Oysters.
I see this hotel has 50 floors.
Yes, you're right, it is very tall, but not as tall as the Bell Tree Tower.
"No, of course. Because it's the tallest building in Japan."
But I will surely change soon, I will go to another hotel.
Really?
Hm?
What?
Who were those people?
What serious faces they were making, weren't they?
It looks like they're waiting for the manuscripts of a novelist
who has secluded himself in the hotel to work quietly.
-Keigo Hiura.
-From what I've been told, it's in...
Eh?
And he's mainly known for writing romance novels.
Eh?
What an honor!
I like your novels so much!

Now I am very attached to the "Telephone, sea, me" saga.
You're welcome.
Ah, thank you very much.
-Yes, thank you very much.
Right away.
-Come on, guys!
Finish up, please!
Goodbye, then.
Goodbye, then.
We're leaving.
Listen, if you don't mind...
Why don't you come eat in my room?
-Oh, it's just that...
-I'm sure you're starving.
-You know it's due today.
-Have you got the manuscripts ready yet?
Au, don't worry about that, and come and eat.
I've ordered too much to eat
and it's impossible for me to finish it all by myself, you'll be doing me a big favor.
Then I'll come and ask for your autograph.
Oh, my goodness!
It's unbelievable!
What a feast they have prepared for you!
It doesn't surprise me in the least
that so many people keep coming in and out of this room.
The truth is that we haven't eaten yet.
-Well, bird.
-It would be nice to eat something.
- (door: itchy)
(Woman) -Mengin whatever you feel like.
(Woman) Room service.
I'll bring you the wine.
Ah.
They already bring the wine.
Sorry for the delay.
Ah, good, it's about time!
We have it here.
But-but, Mr. Hiura, now you want to start drinking?
Please put it in the decanter.
Sure, right away, sir.
But, Mr. Hiura...
Please accept this food...
as a token of appreciation for all you do for me.
Go ahead, eat as much as you like.
I agree.
Please be advised that it is my intention
is to finish the novel of the editor who's had enough first.
-And as you know, who wins? -What do you say?
W-but what does it say?
How will you calculate it?
In a very simple way: he weighs them before and after eating.
- (door: they bite)
-I already have the scales ready.
-Ah, perfect.
- (man) Sir, I'll bring the sushi.
(man) -Of course.
-You're still carrying more stuff?
And we're still missing the pizza, Chinese food and donuts.
-What?
-I, if I were you, I'd start.
And while you guys are eating quietly,
I'll take a relaxing bath to think about the outcome of the novels.
I advise you to keep an eye on the door
so that I don't escape and leave this room
without finishing the work I've been asked to do.
Wow, what a view there is!
From this height, you can almost see that the earth is round, can't you?
(Sonoko) Sure, we're on the 30th floor.
Eh?
(Masumi) Where are you going, Conan?
It's my room.
You'd better not come in.
It's too messy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
If you want to see the panties that I have changed this morning
that I left on the ground, you can see for yourself.
(Sonoko) Hey.
(Sonoko) What?
No, better not.
How about if we ask them to bring us the food, too?
Like the novelist we met did.
(Masumi) Ah, good thinking.
I'm already starting to get a little hungry.
(Hiura) And, now, just as I promised,
I will finish the novels according to the order in which they have been left.
-Well, understood.
-I'll wait here.
Damn, I've already been told that this man was a bit of a weirdo.
Yes, but this is already too much.
It looks like he's had a rough patch recently,
but he seems to have regained his lost inspiration lately.
It's thanks to that new assistant, isn't it?
The one you hired last year, I mean.
Yes.
The Chiaki Minazuki.
I understand she booked a room below Mr.
Hiura's.
So they say, but I haven't seen it yet.
He won't go upstairs because he knows the three of us are here.
There's still that article they published that said they were lovers.
Come to think of it.
Today, at the publishing house we received a threatening fax.
It said: "If you don't get Hiura's assistant out, you'll regret it".
At our publishing house we also received it.
Not so many years ago he was a very attractive man.
His fans still do crazy things for him.
(Girls: laughs)
He's so cute, isn't he?
He's so cute, in Kyogoku.
The truth is, no one would say he's a karateka master.
(Thinks) "All of a sudden I find myself having tea and pastries
with girls talking about boys;
I couldn't feel more out of place."
And you don't have any love stories to tell?
Huh?
Haven't you ever met a girl who's made such an impact on you
that you can't get her out of your head for a moment?
I don't think so.

Hm.
I don't know why,
but it seems to me that you're a little in love with Ayumi, aren't you?
But what are you saying?
What?
Conan likes Ay, everybody knows it.
No, you're wrong.
Let's see, which one do you like more?
What do I like?
I won't tell anyone, I promise you.
Tell me, I want to know.
"If I told you that I like you..."
Wow, it's late!
It's already 6 o'clock.
It can't be.
How time flies!
I have to go home to make dinner.
"Grrr. The brat hasn't opened his mouth."
Well, I'll see you around.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much for everything.
-(man) Huh?
- (man) What's wrong?
(man) Miss!
(Man) Miss, are you all right?!
What's wrong with him?!
"It seems that the screams are coming from the floor below."
"What happened?"
Yes, me too!
Hey, wait for me!
Hey, hey, hey!
What's the matter with you?
Miss Minazuki!
Answer me!
Can you feel me?
(Masumi) "She has marks on her neck, as if she was strangled."
(Masumi) "He has defensive wounds he got when he was strangled,
the so-called Yoshikawa marks."
-Wait a minute, who are you?
- (at the same time) "She has been strangled."
"The chin is beginning to stiffen."
"She's been dead for about two or three hours."
Miss Minazuki!
What-what happened?
- (man) Mr. Hiura!
-But what happened here?
We finally found him, where was he?
He said he was going out for a moment to buy some tobacco, but it took him a long time.
They just found Miss Minazuki dead in her room.
What?
Miss Minazuki, your assistant?
And from what we've seen so far... everything indicates that she was strangled to death.
-It can't be!
What's the matter?
-What? -What?
M-maybe it has something to do with the threatening fax.
What's that?
This morning we received a fax to the publishing house.
It said: "If you do not make out the assistant at Hiura you will regret it".
And may I know why you didn't tell me right away, this?!
He had all the time in the world to let me know!
And I, not knowing that he had been threatened with death,
I was so calmly writing a romance novel.
Hm.
"Don't cry so much."
"It was you."
"We've already got the killer."
Come on, champagne.
You say that when you came to bring him the bottle of champagne in the room,
you found the body lying here on the ground?
Exactly;
I brought it to you at that time...
because I was instructed to bring it up at 6 o'clock.
There was the card in the lock and the door was ajar.
I opened it to see what was going on and I found this scene.
and I found this panorama.
Yes.
Do we know who the victim was?
-Chiaki Minazuki.
-It was said...
She was my assistant, a very efficient woman.
She recently told me she was turning 30 this year.
-I'm the novelist Keigo Hiura.
-Wow.
And who are you?
I'm the person who ordered the champagne.
Yes.
I see.
You had it delivered.
I booked a room on the top floor
so I could be quiet and do some writing.
Since I was scheduled to finish at about 6:00,
I thought I'd go downstairs and have a toast with her.
But how could I have imagined that something like that would happen to her
while I was writing so quietly?
So, if she came downstairs, it means that she has finished writing, right?
No.
There was no way to finish the last page.
And about half an hour ago I decided to go out to stretch my legs.
I wanted to buy some tobacco and clear my head a bit.
After buying a pack of cigarettes from the machine
machine two floors below this one,
I was walking up the stairs and I felt someone calling.
I started to run and came up here.
So you've gone out to stretch your legs
and distract yourself a little bit, didn't you?
Then how could you know,
that Miss Minazuki was murdered while she was writing?
What if she was murdered a moment ago?
Couldn't it be?
Eh?
The thing is, when the boy found the corpse,
the chin was already beginning to stiffen.
I reckon she's been dead for at least two or three hours.
And you haven't even touched the body, but it's clear that you already knew about it.

Instead of writing romance novels
you should write mystery novels, maybe, right?
Let's see, what does it say?
Hm.
It's just that Miss Minazuki hasn't come up to my room.
She was supposed to bring me some papers two or three hours ago,
but in the end she didn't show up.
So, when I saw the corpse,
I automatically deduced that she must have been murdered for some time.
and that's why she hadn't come.
It is true that Ms.
Minazuki was murdered two or three hours ago?
Yes.
According to the coroner,
she died two and a half hours before she was found dead in the room.
Therefore, she was strangled around 15:30.
So what can you confirm
that at this time the three of you were eating in my room?
And who are you?
Yes, we started around 3:00.
I am the representative of Hiura Publishing House.
We publish Mr. Hiura's works.
As you can see, Mr. Hiura had ordered more food than Mr. Hiura's works.
Hiura had ordered more food than he should have,
he invited me and two other competing publishers to eat as much as we wanted.
to eat as much as we wanted.
You mean he is writing 3 novels at the same time?
That's right.
And today was the due date for all three.
So I decided to finish writing the novels in order,
according to which editor ate the most.
So Mr. Hiura had lunch with you, then.
Well, while we were eating, he went to take a bath.
He said he wanted to finish thinking about the endings of the novels.
Yes.
So, he could have left without anyone seeing him.
I don't think that's possible.
At no time did people stop arriving with all kinds of food.
And, besides, from the table where the three of us were eating...
you could see the entrance door perfectly.
We ordered some things too.
I assure you that Mr. Hiura has not approached the door at any time
while we were eating.
How long did lunch last?
Until 5:30 at 5:30.
After lunch we went out of Mr. Hiura's room
and we waited for her in front of the elevator,
from where we could see the door of the room perfectly.
But the only time Mr. Hiura came out of the room
was to give the manuscripts to the other editors.
Once the novels were delivered, he went back into the room.
Before that, he did not leave the room at all.
That means he finished them, one after another, in a short time.
Yes.
Because in fact he had all three of them well underway.
But, as I told you before,
in the last scene of the third novel, "Telephone, sea, me",
which is for your publishing house, I drew a blank,
I didn't know how to finish it.
That's why I gave him everything I had written, except the last page,
after five and a half of six, and then I went to the machine to buy cigarettes.
Because she was reading it while I was waiting for her to finish.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
He came down the stairs with a wallet in his hand.
Going up and down stairs inspires me.
You didn't take the elevator down?
And besides, it's good exercise.
And while I was quietly reading
Mr. Hiura's manuscript,
I heard the hotel bellboy shouting.
Mr. Hiura came to tell me that something had happened on the floor below.
When I arrived,
I saw Mr.
Hiura and the others in front of the room door.
Okay, then.
Do you know anyone who has a motive to harm Ms. Minazuki?
Minazuki?
There's that threatening fax!
I'm sure the person who sent it to the publishers is the culprit.
A threatening fax, you said?
Yes, we received it this morning at the publishing house.
And it said: "Send Hiura's assistant away or you'll regret it".
We tried to find out who wrote it,
but it looks like it was sent from a stationery store.
But what is the point of this fax?
I suppose it's because of a photograph they took of me with her
and published with the headline "Scandal, he has a mistress".
Because of that article, my wife left home.
And we have to take into account that your readers are married women
who strongly censure extramarital affairs.
And can you tell me what was your relationship with Miss Minazuki?
There was nothing, between her and me.

She was a very efficient assistant and her head was boiling with ideas.
With the novel "Teléfono, mar, yo" (Telephone, sea, me)
she helped me so much that it was practically her work, not mine.
I wanted to introduce her officially as a novelist next year
so that she could make a name for herself
but, unfortunately, now that won't be possible.
And the world has surely lost a great writer.
What a disgrace!
(Cries) But why?
Why did they kill him?
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
(Takagi) All right, we'll take care of everything from now on.
You guys can go home now.
Oh, by the way, it's quite possible that we'll have to interrogate at some point.
Okay, we'll do that.
Oh, my God!
Watch out!
Huh?
Wow, it's crowded, isn't it?
Yeah, what a crowd!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Excuse me, excuse me.
Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me.
"Where is he? Where's he gone?"
What's wrong with you, Conan?
You've gone white as a sheet.
No.
Have you seen a girl with a cap?
What?
A girl, you say?
Did you see it or what?
It was here.
She was hiding in the crowd.
Not me.
A girl who looked a lot like Masumi, about 12 or 13 years old.
A girl who looked like Masumi?
Impossible, she told us she only has brothers, she doesn't have any sisters.
Maybe you got confused, Conan.
"No, I'm not confused. I'm sure I saw it."
"It was the girl on the cell phone who looked so much like the Masumi."
"Who must be this girl?"
Hm.
What?
It can't be!
That the novelist Keigo Hiura is a murderer?
But what are you saying!?
-Wait a minute.
-Yes.
It's very likely.
If I have not misunderstood, it seems that he has a good alibi.
When she was in her room,
the editors there didn't see her leave at any time.
Yeah, that's why, in order to dismantle her alibi,
we have to think about how she could have done it
to get into the victim's room, which is downstairs.
Bearing in mind that we are on the 30th floor,
I'd say it's too dangerous to hang from a rope over the balcony.
In addition, the editors were eating in the dining room,
from where they had a clear view of the front door,
but they could also see the balcony.
E-eh?
Hey, Conan.
Do you also think the same as me?
Yes.
So do I.
Hm.
H-he.
Wow, that's strong!
I didn't remember the dinner anymore.
I have to call the father right away.
He must be climbing the walls by now, Mr. Mouri.
When it comes to food, no jokes, eh?
Hello, father, it's me.
I know, sorry.
I went to the hotel where Masumi lives and something happened.
Yes, you're right, I'm sorry.
The shampoo and fabric softener cap is missing?
We haven't gone past the front door.
You haven't overturned it either, the tablet, then?
Earlier you said that many people had come to bring food, right?
Yes, a lot.
How could I have carried the corpse from my room
from my room to the room downstairs?
Of course you did.
This is precisely what he wanted.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A romance novel with an unexpected ending (part two)'."

