"We went with the Ran and the Sonoko at the hotel where the Masumi lives."
"When we were going home,
we saw that there had been a murder on the floor below."
M-maybe it has something to do with the threatening fax.
This morning we received a fax to the publisher.
It said, "If you don't make en Hiura's assistant outside, you will regret it."
And may I ask why you didn't tell me right away, this?
He had all the time in the world to let me know.
(Man: cries)
(Thinks) "Don't cry so much."
"We already have the murderer."
"It was you."
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"We discover the denouement of the novel
and the denouement of the case at the same time."
"Who is the girl who looks like the Masumi?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"A romance novel with an unexpected ending (part two)"
I'm Agent Takagi.
Excuse me, I'm here to ask a question, guys.
What is it?
Is the shampoo and fabric softener cap missing?
-That's right.
-To the victim's room?
I'm talking about the complimentary hotel tokens that are usually in the bathroom.
I checked to see if they'd been thrown in the wastebasket, but they weren't there.
We didn't go past the front door.
You didn't throw it away either, the tablet, then?
The tablet?
The room was practically untouched,
but there was a small table overturned on a suitcase.
And the can of beer that was on top of the tablet
fell into the victim's suitcase, which was open on the floor,
and left the clothes inside soaking wet.
How is this suitcase?
Is it big?
Yes, it's quite big, actually.
About this size.
But there wasn't much inside.
What was in it, exactly?
Some clothes, some cosmetic products,
and there was also a small backpack.
Oh, and you know what?
In a pocket of the backpack we found an envelope with an old letter in it.
...old?
A letter...
Yes.
The postmark is 20 years old.
The sender was Mr. Hiura.
It said, "Congratulations, it's a very nice story.
If someday I write a novel based on this story,
if you don't mind,
I'd like to use your name for the main character."
But the thing is, it wasn't addressed to Chiaki Minazuki,
but to one Jun Oota.
Mm?
Oh!
Jun Oota?
But in her name
of the protagonist of the novel saga "Telephone, Sea, Me"...
that Mr. Hiura is just finishing writing!
Mm-hm.
Really?
Hey, what's this saga about?
Well, look..., it's very entertaining.
It turns out that one day, Jun Oota, who is the main character,
goes for a walk for a while
and finds a cell phone half buried in the sand of the beach.
Curiously enough, the cell phone is the same model...
she had intended to buy.
While looking at it very strangely, she receives a text message.
"How old are you?" she is asked.
It would give me a bad feeling.
Yes, the protagonist thinks the same thing.
And she writes him another message:
"I'll pass on giving private information to strangers, asshole".
And he replies:
"I gather from the way you write that you just started high school.
What memories!"
And then he guesses other things that will happen,
like the scores of that day's soccer and baseball games.
What?
But... don't tell me he has a...?
That's right.
It turns out that someone from the future has sent the protagonist...

what will be your next cell phone.
Yes.
What do you mean?
Someone sent her back in time?
With a time machine, she represents.
And the main plot is that the main character knows
that something terrible will happen in a few years
and she dedicates herself to gradually change the future
to prevent this misfortune from happening.
Me too.
Gee, I think that's very interesting.
And then the protagonist, whenever she can, asks him:
"Tell me who you are, please.
Can't you tell me what kind of relationship we have, you and I?"
But he always gives her the same answer:
"Telephone, sea, me", which is the title.
Eh?
"Telephone, sea, me"?
And what does that mean?
The first protagonist didn't understand it either,
but it seems that in the end she ends up deducing what it is,
because one day she answers him the same thing: "Telephone, sea, me".
What?
And you come here yourself.
We'll finally find out the answer next week
in the last book of the saga.
Oh... I'm so looking forward to it...!
This novelist likes strong emotions, doesn't he?
In an atmosphere as tense as the one we were in,
although he was able to get the three editors who were watching him to come into his room
the three editors who were watching him and invite them to lunch.
I, if I were in his situation,
in order to be given a little more time.
I would even be able to shave my hair to zero.
But, of course, it's different in his case,
because he's already bald as a billiard ball.
Listen, has Mr. Hiura already gone back to his room?
No, for the moment we can't rule him out as a suspect,
therefore, until the coroner finishes his work,
he's waiting outside, in the corridor.
So it is very likely that he still has it on him.
-The mistake he couldn't fix.
-What do you mean?
What does that mean?
"The mistake that dismantles his alibi."
(Hiura) Hey.
They haven't finished yet?
How long will it take them to examine the room?
They really won't find anything.
Besides, the corpse was found in the room downstairs,
not here.
And, according to what they say, she was murdered around 5:30 on the 4th, right?
Well, at this time I was inside my room,
and I have a witness who can corroborate it perfectly.
-Eh?
Yes.
-Go on, tell him, please.
It's true, we've already talked about it before.
We were 3 editors and all 3 of us had lunch in Mr. Hiura's room...
between 3:30 and 5:30, approximately..,
and during all this time, I can assure you...
that he has not left this room under any circumstances.
We ate on this table facing the front door.
We could see everything.
But if the crime was committed on the floor below..,
he may have come down with a rope.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Au, don't talk nonsense.
Can't you see we're on the 30th floor?
And it seems to me that I'm not James Bond, me.
I'm just a simple novelist.
I could not do such a stunt.
Besides, the balcony is perfectly visible from the table where they were eating.
Yes, that's true.
Since you insist on wasting my time,
you could at least explain one thing to me:
How do you think I was able to leave my room
at the time of the murder and how did I get back in?
(Masumi) Because you didn't need to go out or come back in.
Because you invited the victim to come up to this room...
and killed her right here.
He invited the victim to come up to the room?
What the hell, girl?
If Miss Minazuki had come upstairs,
one of the editors would have noticed.
And all three knew her.
What?
-No, and now!
-There's no status here, is there?
What?
One question...
Earlier you said that a lot of people came to bring food, right?
Yes, a lot.
If Miss Minazuki had disguised herself as something
and changed her hairstyle, for example,
maybe none of the three of you would have recognized it, right?
Maybe not, but all the people who have come here have been paid...
and then left the room.
Oh, did they?
But, listen, what about the wine on the table?
If they put it in the decanter, it's possible...
that the person who brought it into the room, isn't it?

Well, come to think of it,
someone has indeed come to bring a bottle of wine
that Mr. Hiura had asked for.
If I'm not mistaken, it was a female employee wearing glasses...
and her hair was in a bun.
A maid?
And then what?
Did you see her leave the room, after decanting the wine?
No, I didn't.
I was too busy eating, actually.
Of course he was.
This is precisely what he wanted.
Eh?
When all three were waiting in front of the room,
I'm sure you must have taken a good look
the people who came in and out, didn't you?
Because they were afraid that Mr. Hiura
might disguise himself as a delivery man or a waiter and run away.
But if he invited the three men who were guarding him to eat in the room, he made sure that they weren't so much on the lookout,
it ensured that they were not so much on the lookout for people coming in,
because, no matter how much movement there was, they were calm...
because they knew that in Hiura he could not leave without being seen.
That's why they didn't pay much attention
the girl who brought the bottle of wine.
They know that she has entered the room, but they don't know if she has left.
What do you mean by all this?
That the maid was Miss Chiaki Minazuki?
That's right.
Because while the 3 editors were eating in the dining room so quietly,
he has persuaded the victim to take a bath
and then murdered her on the spot.
And I'm sure he decided to offer her a bath
because he knew that it would help him get out of the button-down clothes he was wearing.
You have already seen that the corpse was wearing a bathrobe, which is easy to put on.
But I still don't understand
why the victim agreed to disguise himself as a bellboy.
It was his assistant, so what's the problem?
It's because of the scandal of that article
that was published in a tabloid magazine
that said Mr. Hiura and Miss Minazuki were lovers.
If the editors had seen her enter the room,
they would have become suspicious again, so she disguised herself.
Mm?
That's a very interesting theory.
If I ever write mystery novels, I'll use it as a plot device.
But if we're all rambling...
I'd like someone to explain to me
how I was able to carry the corpse by myself
from my room to the room downstairs.
It has already been made clear that I left the room at about half past five of 6.
Half an hour before the bellboy found the corpse in the room downstairs.
Tell him if I had a corpse on me when he saw me.
Of course he didn't.
The only thing I had on me was a wallet in my hand.
And once I left the room
and until the boy started calling, where were you and what were you doing?
I was in front of his room, reading the part of the novel I had already finished writing.
that he had already finished writing.
(Half laugh) What a pity!
In the end I won't be able to write your mystery novel.
There are too many loose ends.
Understood.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's about time, Takagi, it's taken you a while.
Please go ahead.
Eh?
Inspector Megure.
Takagi, you said?
Something just fell on the balcony from the floor above.
What did you say?
On this balcony?
Well, if it isn't a... a suitcase.
And it looks like it's coming from upstairs.
Hello, Inspector.
Open the suitcase, please, and see what's inside.
Gee, kid.
Now what does all this represent?
Eh?
There are two sacks of rice.
(Masumi) They're 30 kilos each.
In total, 60 kilos.
That's about the weight of a person.
(Masumi) What?
You're telling me he put the corpse in here?
That's right.
It's very dangerous to hang on a rope from the 30th floor,
but running the rope through the handle of the suitcase with the body in it
and lowering it down is easier, isn't it?
With a pendulum swing
he managed to get it down to the balcony below without much hassle.
And, as the rope was not tied,
but he has made it pass through the handle, stretching it, he has already recovered it.
This means that the suitcase that was in the victim's room?
It is the one he used to move the corpse from one place to another.
That backpack that was inside
was probably where she carried all her things.
And then he emptied it and put it all inside the suitcase.
I get it.

In short: Mr. Hiura secretly makes the victim pass in his room and kills her in the toilet.
in his room and kills her in the bathroom.
He puts her in the suitcase naked
and waits for the 3 editors to finish eating and leave the room.
Then he unhooks the suitcase with the corpse....
to the balcony of the room below.
He then delivers the manuscripts of the novels,
which he had already finished beforehand,
the publishers who were watching him.
Then, at about half past five at 6 o'clock, he says that he goes out to buy tobacco...
to think of a way to finish the last page he has left.
"But in reality he enters the room downstairs.
"With the key that he has taken from the victim,
he puts on her bathrobe and leaves her lying on the floor in front of the door."
"The bellboy, whom he has asked...
"To bring up the champagne in the victim's room at 6 o'clock,
he will find the corpse there."
"Mr. Hiura spills the beer inside the suitcase.
"To disguise the smell and water stains,
since he put the corpse in with wet hair."
I understand that he wanted to disguise the smell of the shampoo
and, above all, the fact that the suitcase was wet.
And why didn't you dry her hair before putting her in the suitcase?
before putting it in the suitcase?
You had plenty of time, didn't you?
Eh?
Because that's something you couldn't do.
It would have been very strange
that he uses a hairdryer, right?
It's obvious!
Sure, you're right.
He's completely bald.
And he has finally removed the shampoo and fabric softener caps
from Miss Minazuki's sink for exactly the same reason.
Surely he must have wanted to put them on her toilet bottles
because the victim, after using them, must have thrown them away.
So that you do not use any hair products.
Therefore, I am absolutely sure that...
you carry the shampoo and fabric softener caps
...in your pockets, if you haven't thrown them out on your way here.
And, if he did throw them out,
they must be in the wastebasket next to the elevator on the floor below,
where they've also discovered a bag containing the bellboy's clothes.
Eh?
And how did he get it there?
The editor said he was only carrying a wallet in his hand.
He was wearing the button-down clothes
under the clothes he's wearing now.
He took off his button-downs on the staircase landing,
stuffed it in a bag and threw it in the wastebasket
before the victim's body was found.
Therefore, to the clothes there will be sweat,
skin and fingerprints from the victim and from you.
I didn't have the opportunity to throw them in the trash.
I was panicked that someone would see me and discover me.
So, you confess to committing the crime, do you?
Yes.
And I also sent the threatening fax to cover my back.
But it has been proven
that I'm no good at writing mystery novels.
But-but why did you kill her?
She was a very efficient assistant.
And you always say that thanks to her you had regained your prestige.
Yes.
That's true.
And now that I've lost her,
surely I won't be able to write a single line anymore.
But why did he do it?
Is it because it was true that they were lovers
and she was pressuring you to divorce your wife?
-Eh?
-No, on the contrary.
Every time I tried to approach her,
his answer was always, "You can't do this to your wife."
"If in the end she agreed to take a bath.
"It was because, after much insistence,
I convinced her that the button-down uniform she was wearing smelled."
And it is true that she came to my room,
but it was to talk about the novel.
Specifically about the last scene of "Telephone, sea, me".
Wow.
So, it was her, who wrote them, these novels.
Yes.
It was her.
You could say that the plot is practically all hers.
Although I had the original idea
thanks to a letter from an admirer.
Yes.
A letter, you say?
One day when I was cleaning I found a letter
that a high school student had written to me.
And I started a novel
based on the story she told me in the letter.
In fact, I used the sender's name, Jun Oota,
for the protagonist.
When I told Ms. Minazuki about the project, she began to tell me that she had an idea,
she began to tell me that she had an idea for the title of the novel.

and began to thoroughly review everything he wrote,
word for word.
Clearly, thanks to his talent, the novel turned out fantastic,
but I didn't understand why he got so involved.
The fact is that every time I asked him about it.
"He just smiled
and told me that one day he would understand everything".
And that's when that magazine published that we were lovers.
I became obsessed thinking
that what she really wanted to do was to harm me
and make me lose my family, my job,
fame, money, wealth, everything.
I was afraid I would end up completely ruined.
But why would she do that, something like that, her?
I thought that..., like, I cheated on a lot of women when I was young,
maybe she wanted to get back at me for some reason.
Anyway, that was a weight off my shoulders and I'm glad I was found out.
Readers would have discovered
the meaning of "Telephone, sea, I" on the last page,
but unfortunately I died before I could ask.
Eh?
"I love you."
"Telephone, sea, me."
If we turn it upside down and read it in English: "I, sea, tel."
in Japanese it sounds like "ay shi Teru", that is, "I love you".
In other words, the person who sent you the cell phone?
from the future in a time machine
was what would later become the lover
of the protagonist of the novel.
It can't be, it's a very childish pun, it doesn't fit.
Of course, how do you want it to be?
Keep in mind that it was invented by a teenage girl.
Eh?
Similarly, we have the name Chiaki Minazuki.
The "aki" in Chiaki means "autumn" in Japanese,
and Minazuki means "June."
If we read it backwards and in English we have "june autumn",
which sounds a lot like "Jun Oota", doesn't it?
What do you say?
It can't be.
Of course.
"Jun Oota" was his pen name.
If he discovered the pun of "Phone, sea, me,"
he would have discovered this one, too.
No, it can't be.
It can't be...
(Cries)
Maybe she...
the only thing she expected from you was that you would make her dream come true.
The dream... that she entrusted to you...
with the best of intentions.
("Mutek na Heart", Mai Kuraki)

Itsushika jibun miushinatteta
"Daijoubu tte hontou wa uso.
Iiwake nante mo huevo ni mo naranai
kokoro ga odorus you ya ya nakya él.
Kokoro ni Hitotsu zutsu hay wo tomoshitekita KEDO.
Gomen tameiki tsuichatta,
Kono mama ya kiesou!
Mutek na heart sawagi dashite
Saa kokoro hodoite respect yourself.
Hontou no jibun de ireba muchuu de yume mitines watashi ni bien back.
Invincible heart mezamesasete
osoreru koto nai revive my heart.
Namida wo nagashita ato ni wa
Mutek na watashi to Ashita ni cheers!

Cheers!

Cheers!
"Ay shi Teru", eh?
Wow, that's really good.
The person sending her the messages was her future lover.
Well, actually, that's what Masumi says.
And what if it was really a stalker?
Shut up, Sonoko.
Can't you see you're taking all the romance out of it?
(Interference)
(Interference) Oh.
(Interference) Oh!
(high-pitched sound)
(high-pitched sound) Huh?
No, no, nothing, it's nothing.
What's wrong with you, what do you have?
(Masumi) A microphone.
This is what you had in the frame of your glasses?
(Masumi) -I haven't seen any, like this.
(Masumi) - Well, I'll have to watch more.
Considering the size of the battery,
ten will only work for a very short time.
But I think the shape and performance are very interesting.
So what do you think we should do, with it?
I'm not sure yet, I don't trust it.
But if you see that he gets impatient and asks you about me,
you can tell him something.
Tell him I'm your...
...little sister, the one outside.
"This time we've traveled to Kanazawa."
Apparently, they want to test the great detective Kogoro Mouri, eh?
Okay, then.
I'll gladly accept the challenge.
(Woman) Aaah!
A thief!
Say, don't you see anything special?
Iaaaaaaaaaah!
"Don't miss the next episode:
Mysterious itinerary in Kaga Hyakumangoku (Part of Kanazawa)"

