"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"In Heiji and I decipher a secret code,
a mystery that links Tokyo and Osaka."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"In Conan and Heiji: The Code of Love (part one)."
Oysters, this rain is a good roll.
Today we were planning to go to the park to play soccer....
Well, it started raining just when we arrived.
They said that the probability of rain was 50%.
At least we got the umbrellas right.
Are we going to play a game at the doctor's house?
Yes, very good thinking.
Speaking of games, what level of Titan Hunter have you reached?
- (Ayumi) I've already passed it.
- (Genta) Me, up to level 7.
-(Ayumi) Yes.
The father helped me a little.
-(Ayumi) Really?
(Ayumi) What?
Didn't you say you wanted to ask me something?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, I thought you might know...
what it means to have an "outsider" sister.
What do you mean?
What's that?
One of those shows they do in the middle of the night?
No, woman.
It seems that Masumi has hidden in her hotel a girl of about 12 or 13 years old
a girl of about 12 or 13 years old who physically resembles her very much.
I was so intrigued,
that yesterday I sent her a message to ask her about it.
And he said: "The girl is my sister, the one outside".
Well, she is his sister, isn't she?
The thing is that she said she didn't have a sister.
Besides, what does she mean, that she is "outside"?
And although I think that she and I knew each other before,
but I don't know from what.
Well, it's about time you started reminiscing.
Yeah, I've tried that, yeah.
But all I remember is her fang out and....
Ouch!
You, you useless piece of shit.
Let's see if you'll keep watch.
(Genta) What's this?
-Don't touch it!
-Are those tea leaves?
(Man) It's over there!
(Genta) Shit.
Get over here!
Who would these two men be?
(Man) Huh?
(Conan's voice) Undercover cops.
And, if I'm not mistaken, I'd swear that the man they were chasing...
looked like a drug dealer.
The leaves he was carrying in those bags
were dried leaves of some drug.
Probably marijuana.
-What?
Did you... Did you say "marijuana"?
-What? -What?
Oh, mother.
And I touched one!
What will happen to me now?
You must have left your fingerprints.
It's all right, just because you've left your footprints, don't suffer.
Yes.
Are you sure?
We'll just need to explain it to the police.
A notebook?
Must have fallen to the man who was escaping.
Yes.
Strange, isn't it?
It's blank, doesn't look like there's anything written in it.
Yeah, here's some small letters in the margin.
An "e," a two,
another circled two and the first kanji for "dope."
Of the word "dope"?
It looks like there was another kanji after the first one,
but they are written in liquid ink,
not like the letters and numbers at the beginning,
and they have been half erased because of the rain.
See.
On the next page there seems to be something else.
Yes, and on the next one.
And also on the other one, and on the other one...
There are 12 pages written.
There is a part half erased,
but on the first page you can read the symbol "hand",
on the third, "tsuki", on the fifth, "nippon"...
and on the ninth, "Kyobashi".
-It looks like a secret code.
-What does it all mean?
Maybe it's a list of code names assigned to each of the members of a drug ring.
of a network of drug dealers.

One is called E22, the other S10...
And why are there numbers encircled?
And the words half erased on the side?
No, no idea.
What's that?
You know what it could mean?
We won't do anything like that.
We'll take it to the police station.
-Good thinking.
-Yes, it's worth more.
What a remedy!
(Ayumi) See you later.
-To you.
-And thank you very much for everything.
You're welcome.
Let's see, guys.
What do you want to do?
It's finally stopped raining.
Why don't we go back to the park and play soccer for a while?
What's that?
I'm sorry.
I've got to go, I've got a lot of things to do.
-Bye.
-All right, bye.
See you later.
Conan has never known how to tell lies.
He's seen his feather duster.
They say you catch a liar before you catch a cripple.
-Haibara, now it's your turn.
-But we'll find out where.
-All right. -Yes, please.
-Yes, please. -Yes, please.
"I've already arrived at the place."
"But there's no one here."
"Without knowing the time, it's impossible."
"The only ones who have come all this way are them,
who followed me on the sly."
Oh, what a coincidence!
We didn't know you had things to do around here too.
Coincidence?
Yes, man!
You located my pin transmitter
with the tracking glasses and you followed me here.
-But it's your fault.
-It is.
Yes.
You're investigating something, aren't you?
The numbers and letters that were in the notebook.
I think they indicate the date, time and place of a sale.
(All) A-a drug deal?
And how did you come to this conclusion?
The clues are the words written in liquid ink in the right-hand column.
in the right-hand column.
"The dealer from before had his fingers
"Stained with ink of the same color as the half-erased words,
so it's clear he wrote them."
The other column, in permanent ink,
must have been written by someone else.
Probably the buyer of the drug.
I imagine that the buyer has sent the drug dealer the notebook
with the code indicating the date and meeting point.
He is the only one who has the instructions to decipher the code.
This way it cannot be understood by anyone who sees it by mistake.
So, the kanji that the trafficker has written in liquid ink?
Yes, they must be the messages of the code once deciphered.
He must have intended to burn the notebook or throw it away.
Therefore, E22 is "ma",
Y21 is "tsuki"
and "nippon" is the pronunciation equivalent to G11.
This is enough for me to know that the code is based on the subway lines and stations of
on Tokyo subway lines and stations.
What?
So, E22 is the 22nd station on the Oedo line,
Azabu-Juban.
Y21 is Tsukishima station,
the twenty-first on the Yurakucho line.
And G11 corresponds to the eleventh station on the Ginza line, Nipponbashi.
-Station numbers?
-Aaah...
-I got it.
-I'm already lost.
Next to the sign that indicates the name of each station
there is a circle with a letter of the Romanesque alphabet and a number.
Aaah...
So, then,
it's just a matter of extracting the number surrounded by each code, isn't it?
In E22, for example, the encircled digit is the third one.
It corresponds to the third kanji of the Azabu-Juban station.
If we decipher the first 5 lines of the code,
E22 is "ju", as we already know.
C10 indicates the first kanji of Nijubashi-mae station,
of the Chiyoda line.
Y21 is the "tsuki" of Tsukishima station.
M09 is Shinjuku-sanchome station, i.e. "san".
G11 corresponds to the "hi" of Nipponbashi station.
The result is a date: December 3.
-Alça.
U-a moment.
-Alça!
Isn't December 3rd today?
Yes.
That's why I suspect that the exchange will take place today.
But I haven't managed to decipher the code from the sixth line onwards.
It will refer to the time and place, but....
The N11 from the sixth line is "raku",
for Korakuen station on the Namboku line.
Y12 is Edogawa-bashi station of the Yurakucho line.
The encircled number is also the second one, i.e., "do".
If we read the two kanji in a row, we get "rakudo".
Which I have no idea what it means.

And then how did you get here?
So that the H02 of the eighth line corresponds to the Ebisu station
and all the figures are enclosed,
so the word is "Ebisu".
Next to N22 is written "Kyobashi".
and the encircled digit corresponds to "bashi", which means "bridge".
That is, Ebisu bridge.
That is why I was convinced
that the drug dealing would take place here,
but it is possible that I was wrong.
Also, I don't understand why N22 is "Kyobashi".
"N" is the Namboku line, but station 22 does not exist.
Kyobashi station belongs to Ginza line, it should be G10.
And what does this arrow
that comes out of the circle around the "Ebisu" numbers?
The next station?
Before and after Ebisu there are Naka-Meguro and Hiro,
but the codes for these stations should be H01 and H03.
Oops!
As for the last 3 lines,
I02 is the "shiro" of Shirokane station,
while T22 is the "bara" of Baraki-Nakayama station.
But C22 I don't understand it.
Chiyoda line has 20 stations and the last one is Kita-Ayase.
What.
(Heiji) "Let-me-see."
"Let me see this code, go."
(Heiji) "Yes."
Heiji?
"Your colleagues called me
to tell me that you're desperate because you can't crack a code."
In such cases,
the best thing to do is to ask for help from a detective who is bigger
and smarter than you.
"I have to hang up."
"No, sorry. Will you let me help you, please? Please."
Wait a minute, I'll forward you the photo in an email.
Why did he have to call her, this "conceited" guy?
So that this "conceited", the teenage detective from Osaka,
is your teacher, right, Conan?
What do you mean?
He gave us his number
and told us to call him whenever you have problems.
He's not my teacher.
"But it's true that I don't get it."
(Heiji) Wow, I get it.
A code based
on subway lines and station numbers.
It's very interesting.
"By the way, which cell phone are you talking to me from?"
Ah, it's the Otaki's.
We just solved a murder in Shinsaibashi and we're still together.
And you're talking on my cell phone, Conan.
So what?
Can you think of anything?
Are you sure, this G11 corresponds to Nipponbashi?
"Yes, it's the station on the Kyobashi side."
"The letter and numbers match."
But both Nipponbashi and Kyobashi are Tokyo stations,
it's normal that the names don't ring a bell.
"What do you say?"
"Nipponbashi and Kyobashi are Osaka subway stations."
"And they are not in a row, there are several stations in between."
What?
"And just so you know, it's not pronounced Kyobashi, but Kyobashi,
stressing the first syllable."
"So, in Osaka you also have a Kyobashi station?"
The code says it in no uncertain terms, with respect to N22.
The N is the Nagahori Tsurumi-ryokuchi line,
and the 22nd station is Kyobashi Station.
"So, then..., this code..."
(Heiji) "What! That you already know how to crack the code?"
Yes.
In Osaka, there are also two stations
called Nipponbashi and Kyobashi,
this code which uses station numbers and subway lines
is not limited to a specific city.
The problem is, if so,
perhaps the first lines that I deciphered,
which gave me as a result the date December 03, are not correct.
It could be.
In Osaka there are also many stations
that are written with kanji of some number,
such as Higashi-Mikuni, Yobashi or Tanimachi-rokuchome.
But the only stations that exist in both Tokyo and Osaka
are Nipponbashi and Kyobashi.
Have you noticed that there are some codes that are written on the left side
and others are on the right side of the column?
(Mitsuhiko) Yes, Ayumi is right.
(Genta) What?
(Genta) Maybe the ones on one side correspond to Osaka
and the ones on the other side are Tokyo stations.
(Ai) The logical thing would be that the codes on the left are those of Osaka,
which is to the west, and those on the right, those of Tokyo.
The codes you have deciphered so far are written on the left,

to the Osaka band, so they would not be correct.
But Nipponbashi station in Tokyo corresponds to G11, right?
Yes.
"Osaka Nipponbashi station could be coded as G11?"
I would say no.
Nipponbashi station would be K17 to Sakaisuji line.
Or S17 to the Sennichimae line.
If next to G11
there is a deleted word starting with "nippon",
it must be Tokyo Nipponbashi station.
Keiji.
I have found it!
I bought a Tokyo guidebook with a complete subway map.
Thanks, but I don't need it.
I looked it up on the internet and found it right away.
What?
I should have said it before.
But I went down expressly
to the kiosk on the Shinsaibashi platform to buy it...
Besides, the escalators were out of order...
and I had to walk back up.
What?
The escalators?
How?
"I got it, the escalators."
On the escalators,
people in Osaka always take us on the right side,
while in Tokyo it's the other way around.
So, the codes written on the right correspond to Osaka....
and those on the left correspond to Tokyo stations.
Of course.
That's why the pages are divided into columns
and the codes are written at the bottom,
because if you read them all in a row, they look like the rungs of a ladder.
So the date I deciphered earlier was correct,
but the N11 and Y12 that come after must be Osaka stations.
N11 is Taisho station of the Nagahori Tsurumi-ryokuchi line,
and Y12 is Higobashi station.
Both have the second digit, "sho" and "go" enclosed.
That is, "SHOGO", which is 12 o'clock noon.
-It is 10 minutes to 12 o'clock.
-E... noon.
-It's almost time.
-What?
If the sale and purchase is to take place here, on the Ebisu Bridge,
we have to hide before we're discovered.
Yes.
H02 is written on the left, so it's Ebisu.
If N22 is Kyobashi Station in Osaka,
the drug sale will take place on Ebisu Bridge.
What I don't understand is what the arrow
that comes out of the circle drawn around the H02 code.
Hey, Heji.
Do you also have an Ebisu Bridge in Osaka?
"(gasps)"
Heiji?
Yes.
In Osaka too.
It's spelled differently,
but Ebisu Bridge is a meeting place,
1ON people usually meet.
Of course.
That's why the arrow points to the right.
"Yes."
He's referring to Osaka's Ebisu Bridge.
I'm going as fast as I can,
I'll be a couple of minutes.
-He's a cracker.
-What a thrill!
You can tell he's Conan's teacher.
"This is so angry."
What?
"By the way, what is 'shiroihara'?"
The 3 lines left under the meeting point.
I02, C22 and T22.
C22 is written on the right,
it is Osaka Takaida station, letter "y".
I02 and T22 are written on the left,
are Tokyo's Shirokane-dai and Haraki-Nakayama stations,
"Shiro" and "hara".
All together they form the word "shiroihara".
"' It literally means 'white belly,' but I doubt that's what it is."
The name of the last station does not read Haraki-Nakayama,
but Baraki-Nakayama.
Therefore, the resulting word is "white rose."
A white rose must be the agreed-upon sign for identification.
Heiji?
What happened?
What happened?
How come he kept quiet?
Heiji?
I hope nothing happened to him.
Wow.
Maybe she got caught while she was trying to find the dealers and...
Heiji is so impulsive, I wouldn't be surprised.
Come on, Heiji.
Answer me.
Heiji.
"There are 3 of them."
Heiji!
I am.
I've walked up and down the Ebisu Bridge
and I've seen 3 people wearing the white rose badge
and they are waiting for someone.
Don't do this to me.
You could have at least told me you were okay.
"Yes, sorry."
"I got distracted watching so all 3 look suspicious."
Anyway, the drug deal will take place here?
"It looks like it to me."
The dealer who had lost the notebook with the codes
was carrying a wallet with 4 bags full of marijuana.
If each bag weighed 500 grams, four is two kilos.

Two kilos are worth a lot of money, on the street.
The drugs were not distributed in small bags,
so it's very likely
that the buyer wants to keep them all.
"It is possible that the transaction has already been completed, but..."
If they had met within 12 noon,
chances are the dealer hasn't arrived yet.
"What did he look like? Describe-me."
The typical appearance of a drug dealer:
clean-shaven, wearing a knit cap and a parka.
"He was being chased by men who looked like undercover cops,
so they may have already arrested him."
But he may also have managed to get away.
Be careful.
"Where is Inspector Otaki?"
Yes.
He told me earlier that he was on his way to headquarters to call for backup.
In fact, I'm using his phone right now.
But it's only 5 minutes to 12 o'clock.
Yes, the time we have to find out...
who the person is that's meeting the dealer.
And you and I will have to do it.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
I think the bad guy has to be him.
-Me too.
-I agree.
It's already a minute past the scheduled time.
Wow!
What are you doing?
Let me go!
"Ka... Kazuha!"
Let's see if a dip in the river is enough to calm you down.
Heiji, wait.
Who wants to go first?
"Don't miss the next episode:
"On Conan and Heiji: The Code of Love (part two)"."

