(Shinichi voice) "The children of the Detective League, Haibara and I....
"We had a run-in with a suspicious man
who was escaping from undercover agents."
You useless piece of shit!
Let's see if you'll keep watch!
(Man) It's over there!
-Come here!
(Man) -Bullshit!
(Shinichi voice) "The man looked like a drug dealer."
"Thanks to the notebook that fell on the floor,
I was able to find out the date and the place where he planned to sell the drugs."
(Conan voice) Therefore, "E22" is "ma".
"Y21" is "tsuki", and "nippon" is the pronunciation equivalent to "G11".
This is enough for me to know that the code is based on the subway lines and stations of
on Tokyo subway lines and stations.
-Ah.
-What?
In "E22", for example, the encircled digit is the third one.
It corresponds to the third kanji of Azabu-Juban station.
If we decipher the first five lines of the code,
"E22" is "ju", as we already know.
"C10" indicates the first kanji of Nijubashi-mae station,
of the Chiyoda line.
"Y21" is the "tsuki" of Tsukishima station.
"M09" is Shinjuku-sanchome station,
i.e. "san".
"G11" corresponds to the "hi" of Nipponbashi station.
The result is a date: December 3.
(All) Alza!
(Shinichi voice) "But there were codes I couldn't decipher,
and Heiji Hatori had to help me over the phone."
(Heiji) Wow..., I get it.
A code based on subway lines and station numbers.
That's very interesting.
Have you noticed that there are codes that are written on the left side of the subway lines
and others are on the right side of the column?
(Mitsuhiko) Yes, Ayumi is right.
(Genta) What?
(Genta) Maybe the ones on one side correspond to Osaka
and the ones on the other side are Tokyo stations.
(Ai) The logical thing would be that the codes on the left are those of Osaka,
which is to the west, and the ones on the right are for Tokyo.
(Heiji) How?
(Heiji) "The escalators!"
On the escalators,
people in Osaka always go to the right side of the escalator,
while in Tokyo it's the other way around.
So, the codes written on the right side correspond to Osaka....
and the ones on the left correspond to Tokyo stations.
Hey, Heiji, do you also have an Ebisu Bridge, in Osaka?
Eh?
Heiji?
"(Man: gasps)"
Yes..., in Osaka, too.
It's spelled differently,
but Ebisu bridge is a meeting place,
where people usually meet.
Heiji?
What happened?
Heiji?
What happened?
How come he kept quiet?
-Oysters!
-I hope nothing happened to her.
Maybe she got caught while trying to find the dealers and....
Heiji is so impulsive that I wouldn't be surprised.
Come on, Heiji, answer me!
(Heiji) "There are three of them."
Heiji!
Heiji!
I am already.
I've walked up and down the Ebisu Bridge,
and I've seen three people with the white rose and they're waiting for someone.
But it's only five minutes to twelve.
Yes.
That's how long we have to find out who's meeting the dealer.
And you and I will have to do it.
(Shinichi voice) "The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"A joint deduction via telephone."
"What will he do in Heiji when he sees the Kazuha?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!

(Conan Voice) "In Conan and Heiji: The Code of Love (Part Two)"
And so?
What do the three suspects look like?
(Mobile: Heiji) "They are two men and a woman."
"I can show them to you with the cell phone camera, if you want."
That way, if the dealer shows up, you'll be able to identify him right away.
"Okay, so don't hang up. Make a video call on my cell phone."
Roger that.
"What, guys? You guys look good, right?"
-Perfectly.
-Yeah.
Show me the suspects, come on.
Oh, sure you do!
Yes.
The first one is this one.
A gentleman... with the look of a mobster.
-He's very suspicious.
-What a dog's face, isn't he? -What a dog's face, isn't he?
He keeps raising his arm to look at the time..,
and he's wearing a very expensive watch.
And even if he does something else... He'll be right back.
He has taken an object out of his inside coat pocket and is looking at it.
Could it be a cell phone?
(Genta) Look, he's started to move it before her eyes.
Maybe it's a sign.
It seems to me that she hasn't slept well.
She keeps yawning!
(Genta) Good.
And the white rose that makes the sign, where the door?
That's right.
In the other hand?
He's holding a bunch of white roses... in his right hand, behind his back.
I think the bad guy has to be him.
-So do I.
-I agree.
Yes.
And the other two, who are they?
Look at this girl, the one with the white rose... in her hair.
Oh, how beautiful!
And what silky hair!
-Or she's waiting for her partner.
-Maybe she's a model.
Eh?
It's not clear water.
Come on, look carefully.
Haven't you seen the bag she's carrying?
It's the latest model of the Fusae brand.
If you knew what it's worth, we'd fall over backwards,
and it has a needle in the shape of a rose.
They haven't sold it in Japan yet.
Gee, where did he buy it?
(Shinichi, think) "This is what you're worried about?
Look at this!
He has a problem with his shoes.
-Oh, now he's bent over.
-What must he have stepped on?
And he's got something in his shoe.
He's got a very strange attitude.
-So do I.
-I think so too. -I think so too.
Moving on.
The third suspect is this guy who's wearing flashy clothes
and a white rose on his chest.
"What's he doing? He looks like he's talking to someone, doesn't he?"
Well yes, it's a girl.
He's been talking to a girl for a while....
(Heiji, thinks) "Ka.... Kazuha!"
"What are you doing?"
Hey, Heiji!
The girl you were saying... she looks a lot like Kazuha, doesn't she?
Yes, that's her.
He's already been picked up by some ridiculous hanger-on who can't even write her name.
Still, I don't think our man is him.
You'd have to be an idiot to start flirting before buying dope.
"The Kazuha has a lot of contacts in the police. Maybe he's one of them."
Come on.
Take a good look at him.
Bleached hair, nose piercing, neck tattoo...
It's true.
I've never seen a cop like this.
It's only two minutes to 12:00.
Don't push me, okay?
"Heiji, time's running out."
If the buyer isn't this hanger-on,
we only have the other suspects left, the man and the woman.
Hey, Heiji!
Do you want to feel my theory?
"Heiji! Heiji, can you hear me?"
"Heiji!"
(Heiji, think) "Geez..., I can't concentrate."
"Heiji! Come on, Heiji...!"
"Do you feel me or not? Heiji!"
"Don't push me, man!"
"Heiji!"
You say you have a theory?
Well, shoot.
"Yes. Let's start with the first one."
The dog-faced man carrying a bunch of white roses
hasn't met anyone to buy drugs.
(All) What?!
Well, that's what makes him look more like a mobster, really.
Besides, he has taken something out of the pocket of his jacket.
And he started making secret signals by moving his eyes.
Yes... He was fixing his bangs with a pocket mirror.
As she was combing her hair with the mirror in her hand,
she made some strange gestures that he interpreted as a signal.
And how come she was yawning so much?
It was just a way to check that she was not embarrassed by her breath.
As for the bouquet of roses hidden in the back of his back, it is a gift he wants to surprise her with,
it's a gift she wants to surprise the person she's waiting for with.
(Heiji) "You're right."
If he were carrying the white roses so that someone could identify him,
I wouldn't hide them on his back.

Therefore..., this man is waiting for...
a very special person.
-Brutal!
- (Ayumi) It's true!
You can tell he's Conan's teacher.
But what are you saying?
That this theory was mine!
What are you saying, about the woman with the expensive bag with a white rose in her hair?
Yes, the one who had some problem with the shoe.
And she bent down and put something in it.
Like a gun or something.
No, I think she just took off her shoe...
because she must have a sore that hurts.
So what?
So he put a band-aid on his heel.
Can't bad guys get sores on their feet?
Sure, but they'd never put on new shoes...
to stay with a drug dealer, would they?
During the sale, if something goes wrong,
the police can show up,
and they have to run for their legs.
New high heels would not be the right choice.
Besides, from the hairstyle she's wearing, she looks pretty good...
she's just come out of the hairdresser.
It's not her.
What's wrong with her?
Bad girls can't make themselves pretty, or what?
The person we're looking for is waiting for a dealer.
And these people dress discreetly
to go unnoticed.
You remember, don't you?
If they'd met in a narrow, off-the-beaten-path alley, though,
but the meeting point is the busy Ebisu Bridge.
Such a mismatched couple would attract too much attention
and pedestrians would surely remember each other.
And another thing.
Wouldn't it be strange if she carried another rose in the bag?
If the agreed-upon distinctive was a white rose,
the one in the bag should also be white.
Carrying two different colored roses would only create confusion.
(Heiji) "Yes, you're right."
A hairdresser's updo, new high heels,
a rose in the bag...
Yes..., she must have a wedding or some similar party....
and she's waiting for a friend to go together.
She's got it right!
-Impressive!
-This guy from Osaka is a machine.
This one was mine too!
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
So, this tacky guy who's talking to the Kazuha...
must be the buyer.
There's no one else left.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
He can't be!
You've got to be short-sighted to start flirting
if you've arranged to meet a dealer!
"How do you know it's him, who's hitting on her?"
He thinks that it may also have been the Kazuha,
who started talking to him.
What?
Don't talk nonsense.
Why should she be interested in such a hanger-on?
Besides, who would think of talking to a guy...
who does business with drug dealers?
"Maybe they know each other and met by chance."
"It could also be that the exchange was cancelled for some reason,
and this guy is just an ordinary pedestrian."
Heiji, snap out of it!
If the girl wasn't the Kazuha, you'd think the same thing as me!
(Shinichi, think) "I understand how you feel, though."
It's already a minute past the scheduled time.
-Ostras!
-Really?
So, the dealer must be about to arrive at the bridge.
Come on, Heiji, there's no time left!
The Kazuha could end up involved in a drug trafficking case.
Go and get her right away and take her away....
Hey, what are you doing?
"The camera's gone off!"
I'm writing to the Kazuha.
I'm asking her who is this hanger-on.
I can't keep you any longer, Kazuha.
- (mobile: message signal)
-No way!
I won't let you go.
Just a moment.
Oops, a message from Heiji.
What is it?
"What are you doing?"
- (Heiji) What do you have, American style?
-Oops...
This lump under your arm...
it can only be...
a gun!
(Heiji) It's him.
Hey, listen to me.
The hanged man...
"...carries a gun under his jacket."
Really?!
I don't know if he's a drug dealer or not..,
but he sure as hell ain't no ordinary guy.
- (cell phone: message signal)
"Hey, let the dope be."
Go get the Kazuha and get it out of there as soon as possible.
"The Kazuha is in danger!"
"What? What are you talking about?"
No, not you.
It's just that I just got your answer and I can't believe it.
"I'm talking to Yakumaru, we were neighbors when we were little.
We met at the Ebisu bridge.

He told me that he studied pharmacy,
but, the way you're dressed, you'd never tell.
He says he's meeting a girl.
"I'm trying to make time to see who she is."
But what a ridiculous answer!
It's all a lie.
Since when have you ever seen a pharmacist with bleached hair,
a piercing and a tattoo?
It's impossible.
He's trying to pass himself off as a proper guy to get closer.
His father is the head of the criminal investigation department.
I'm sure he's just trying to get information out of her
related to the police.
A-ah!
Ah!
What are you doing?
Let me go!
(Heiji, thinks) "Ka-Kazuha!"
Stop, Heiji!
Maybe the hanged man is...
Ouch!
Let me go, you animals!
"Feel me, Heiji?!"
Woe betide anyone who tries to grope me!
Let me go!
Who are you, you?
Where are you taking me?
- (Kazuha, thinks) "Heiji!"
-Ka... Kazuha!
Thank you, you saved me.
-That's what I should ask you!
-Hey, what do you think you're doing?
You bastard!
It's mine.
I won't let you touch my Kazuha!
Heiji...
Ha!
Look, you've already got your little friends here.
How come all gorillas are equally ugly?
-Now it's too late.
-Hey, wait a minute...
Let's see if a dip in the river is enough to calm you down!
Who wants to go first?
Let's go!
(Mobile: tut-tut-tut-tut)
Heiji, wait!
He hung up.
What's that?
So, the ridiculous hanged man was a drug squad agent?
Yes.
They are agents who investigate drug-related crimes.
They are called "narco agents" or "anti-drug agents".
But then they are from the police, aren't they?
You said he was not a police inspector.
No.
The anti-drug agents are not from the police.
They depend on the Ministry of Health.
(All) No?
As, from time to time, in some operations they must act as bait,
they can dye their hair and wear tattoos and piercings.
And they can also carry weapons, of course,
whenever the case they're investigating requires it.
Yes, I had heard about that.
It's clear that many of these anti-drug agents
are alumni of the School of Pharmacy.
Yes, that's how it occurred to me.
So, that boy was involved in a squad operation.
Yes.
I spoke to Inspector Otaki on the phone a while ago.
He told me that the buyer, who has been arrested in Osaka,
disclosed the meeting point and the mark.
The agent dressed as the buyer
and went to the bridge to try to catch the dealer.
I get it.
That's why he had to ask his colleagues
to take the Kazuha away from there.
Yes.
If the dealer had shown up, he would have been in danger,
and he didn't want to get involved in the operation.
Anyway, it turns out that in the end they also stopped the camel,
who was hiding in an Internet cafe, so the case is solved.
But... what will happen to your teacher now?
It looks like Inspector Otaki explained what happened
and she's been released right away.
(Shinichi, think) "But the biggest problem she has is not this one."
("Kimi and I don't use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
These anti-drug people!
I hope they don't treat all high school students like this.
-Daixò...
-They went too far with me, eh?
At least they could have spared me the lecture.
About it, Heiji...
"I'm sure
that your father will know what happened in detail", I was told.
Mind your own business!
Hey, Heiji, what did you mean by that?
What did you mean by that?
Since when am I "your" Kazuha, huh?
Say.
I don't know what you're saying.
You said it!
"I won't let you touch my Kazuha.
Take your hands off her", you said.
I... I never say them, these cheesy things.
Well, maybe it wasn't exactly that,
but what you said sounded a lot like it.
Come on, Heiji, I want you to tell me!
-Leave me alone.
-Heiji!
What wasn't clear enough?
(Kazuha, think) "Heiji..."

I'm only going to tell you once, so let's get your ear to the ground.
What matters most to me...
...is the evidence.
What?!
Don't make any accusations if you can't prove it with evidence.
Wait a minute, Heiji!
What proof do you want?
-Well, the springs have atrophied.
-My ears never deceive me.
"I won't let you touch my dear Kazuha."
-I knew you remember!
-As "dear"?
Ugh, with this plaster on your cheek I don't feel you very well.
-Ouch!
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
-Heiji!
I've got it.
I'll send an e-mail to Ran.
Not that, huh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ha-ha-ha! I've got it all on tape."
(Heiji voice) "I won't let you touch my Kazuha!"
"Junior Detective League and Renno Coffee,
come over here and get ready to fly the kite, please."
How nice, finally!
-Hey!
It's our turn, guys!
-He's fallen into the river.
-It's that man from before.
Bad thing, he can't swim!
(All) Eh?
No.
There is... a way.
We'll record the Ai on the sly when he sings it.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The case of the star contest at Teimuzu River (Part One)".

