"The members of the Junior Detective League.
"We have gone to the bank of the Teimuzu River
to participate in the kite flying contest."
The Ai always listens to this music?
Mm-hm.
He always hums this tune and makes a face like he's having a great time.
You mean it's not a song from an anime?
Mm... It sounds like a Yoko Okino song to me.
And you didn't think to ask her?
I did ask her, of course.
But she told me it was a secret and that she wasn't going to tell me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Don't give it so much thought.
I'm sure it's just some silly song that's in fashion right now.
Eh?
Well, I apologize...
...for listening to silly songs.
Ah... you're here.
Ah... He-he-he!
Why don't you solve their doubt
and explain to them what song it is?
I'm curious to know too.
And a black lamb!
I'm never going to tell them.
No.
There is... a way.
Eh?
We'll record the Ai on the sly when he sings it.
Very good!
"After that, the kite-flying contest has begun."
"And then, a man from the team we were paired with...
fell into the river."
"It was an accident?"
(Woman) "Ryota? What happened? Ryota? Ryota!"
"Answer me. Ryota."
"No, and now!"
"It wasn't an accident."
"The lines of the hand are fuses,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"The stars are bound with a thread."
"But what about human relationships? The truth is always eventually known."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"The case of the star contest on the Teimuzu River (part two)"
That I've made Renno go
towards the piece of the fence where there was no rope for me to fall into the river?
They must have joked.
But I was the one who warned her not to go any further back!
Children, you were there.
You saw it, didn't you?
Yes... That's right.
He shouted just before that man fell into the river.
-(Ken) Huh?
- What are you doing?
No.
Don't go any further back.
It's true that he seemed to be very worried.
The problem is that we're not sure
that Mr. Renno sensed your warning.
Eh?
The people around us were also calling out very loudly
and giving instructions to their teammates.
And they were far away from each other.
Yes.
Is this true?
However, I had hoped that I could come to feel.
But then he took one more step backwards,
slipped on the grass and fell into the river.
Even if Mr. Renno could not feel because of the distance,
there is a possibility that you were guiding her using gestures.
What are you saying?
I didn't make any gestures!
If you don't think I'm telling the truth, take a look at the video...
that the contest administrator has been recording all the time to prevent cheating.
to prevent cheating.
And may I ask why he had to be so far away from him?
Because, observing how the other stars flew,
I noticed that it seemed that the wind was blowing much stronger higher up.
I thought that leaving distance
could make our star go up quickly.
Think that each team had a very limited time to fly the kite,
so we had to get it right the first time.
Yes, I can see that.
And can you explain to me what was your relationship with Mr. Renno?
Well, look, I work in the cafeteria...
which is owned by Ryota and his wife, and that's why today...

"...we had come with a star bearing the logo of their business."
If we win the award, they'll display our star at city hall,
and that's a lot of publicity.
And it would also be a great source of pride for us
when we attend community meetings.
Yes, of course.
(Male) Yes, yes I have spoken to Mr. Renno.
A little bit before he went into the water, precisely.
And may I know what you talked about?
Despite being married to the Takami,
Ryota was having an affair with my younger sister,
who recently attempted suicide.
I told him that we had to meet after the contest to talk.
The gods have punished him for what he did by making him fall into this river.
So, from what he tells us,
he had a good reason for wanting to make him fall into the river, didn't he?
If you're looking for a motive,
the one who had a real one was Ken Yatsukoshi.
And also, of course, Renno's wife.
When I told her about his relationship with my sister,
she was very angry, so she would have a good reason too.
Is it true that during all the time that Mr. Renno has been going backwards, he has been talking on his cell phone with his sister?
you have been talking on your cell phone with your wife?
Yes.
Yes, yes, it seemed to me that he was.
That's why, if I'd wanted to make her move...
to where the hole in the fence was to make it fall into the river.
"His wife, who was on the phone with him, would have felt me."
In addition, there is the detail that both concursàvem in the same category.
He would not have paid attention to the indications of a rival.
But you did see Mr. Renno slip and fall, didn't you?
How come you did not try to help him?
I was a little far away when he fell.
Besides, I thought he was approaching the river to throw something.
What was it?
What was it?
An empty plastic bottle of some soft drink.
"He was carrying it under his arm the whole time."
Can you tell me what is his relationship with others?
In Ryota and Ken Yatsukoshi were juniors
from my high school baseball club.
Even when I had already finished high school,
I often visited the club and helped them in any way I could.
That's how I know Ken, despite the age difference.
(Woman) Hey, stop the car!
Let's see, can you explain why I'm suspicious, me?
I was at home and I was calling on the phone.
And I used the landline.
But you were the only person Mr. Renno listened to then.
And you may have roped him in to get him to where he fell.
And if you happen to live
in one of the high-rises around this area,
he had a good view of this esplanade.
Yes?
Well, I live in a normal two-story house.
But if it was a video call,
I could see where the husband was going and point him towards the hole.
What do you mean?
That I, not being there, would be telling him...
"Go further back, move a little to the left"?
This doesn't make any sense.
How could he listen to what I told him from home?
He's right.
Another thing.
Did you feel Mr. Kakuro on the phone when you were talking to your man?
Yes.
He is the brother of the woman my husband is involved with.
I felt them very clear that they were talking.
I already knew it,
that Ryota was having an affair with his younger sister.
He came to tell me one day.
And did you feel that he directed your husband, in some way, to the emptiness?
No, he didn't say anything like that.
Before he spoke, Ryota was defending himself against my accusations.
But it could also be that they were secretly talking to each other.
"Because once he said to me for a moment 'and he put his cell phone away from his ear."
And you've left it on hold?
I didn't feel the music when you're put on hold.
I heard the sound of my husband doing something, but I don't know what it was.
Could it be that he received an e-mail from someone while he was talking to you?
while he was talking to you?
But he stopped with me, as you say;
so it was impossible for me to read it once.
And she couldn't hang up on me in any way,
because I threatened her that if she did, I would ask for a divorce.
(People: whispers)
As she told us in Yatsukoshi,

does not make any gesture to orient the other mode.
No.
Just taking swigs from the bottle.
(Ken) "Hey. But what are you doing? No. Don't go any further back."
(Ken) "Someone has fallen into the river!"
On Kakuro, who was right there,
when in Renno has fallen into the river also comes on screen, as you can see.
Yes, and as he has now stated, it was a little far?
and it can not be that the entanglement to make him go towards the hole of the fence.
For there remains only his wife, with whom he was talking on the phone.
After listening to the arguments he has given us,
I think it can't be her.
Well, that means...
the culprit must be
a different person from our 3 suspects.
"No..., it's all clear now."
"There is no mistake. The culprit is one of these 3. Of course."
"It's just that I have no evidence to support my theory."
Eh?
They make your head dance?
You wanted to film me on the sly.
Did you?
Ah... I see that Ayumi's gone off the deep end.
It's just that...
You know what?
Ayumi lost your cell phone.
And that's good for you.
Maybe you'll learn not to spy on people anymore.
Is it true?
Is it true that you lost it?
Yes, I'm sorry.
I think I dropped it when I was coming out of the bathroom and someone picked it up.
Yes, of course you did.
And you've already called, to see what?
Of course we called, man.
The first time we heard the ring tones but they didn't pick it up.
Then maybe they disconnected it, because we didn't feel anything.
And every time we tried it we stayed the same.
And we can't track it with the GPS either,
because, if it's disconnected, you can't.
And you don't remember who was around when you think you dropped it?
Well, there was a person who tripped right behind me,
but I didn't see his face.
Conan, we believe that this person picked it up from the ground...
thinking it was his, that it had fallen on him.
Doctor, when was the first time he was called?
Well, right after the ambulance left.
With all this commotion, I hadn't thought about your mobile.
"All right."
"Then maybe the cell phone is still recorded.
"The voice of the person who used
this primitive system."
(Yuitoshi) That's what I'm telling you again and again.
It is impossible that none of us made Renno fall into the river.
It could be that someone would have manipulated the rope between the poles
and there would have been this hole, but it must have been a long time ago.
Just because my husband held a star
and was always walking backwards...
...doesn't mean that we could have guided him
him to the piece without a rope to make him fall into the river.
We have investigated the rope
and we have verified that it has been manipulated very recently.
And I am convinced that it has been done
for the purpose of making Mr. Renno fall into the river.
But how did we make him go?
Will you tell us, please?
How did we communicate with him to get him to the hole without a rope?
I was teaming up with Renno in the contest to fly the kite.
"But when it fell into the river,
I was so far away that I couldn't hear my voice at all."
"And I didn't try to guide him by gesturing, as you could see."
I was also quite far away from him
when he reached the place where he fell into the river.
"If I had given him any indication as to which way he had to go,"
as was the telephone, your wife would have sensed it, wouldn't she?
It's true that I had her on the phone the whole time
until the moment she fell into the river.
"But I was calling him from home, I wasn't here with him."
It is impossible that he manipulated and told him where he had to go!
So, can you explain to me how is it that you still suspect me?
Ah, but... yes there must be some system, some way to....
What?
I don't think there isn't.
They could only have manipulated the victim
using telepathy or something.
What do you mean?
T-Telepathy?
W-well, one last thing.
We'll do a personal search on each of you
and then you can go home.
Y-you must be joking!
Why do we have to have a personal search now?
There hasn't been any murder either.

The body search is voluntary.
-Eh?
Then, I refuse that m'escorcollin.
-So do I too, I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry too, I also refuse.
Let them go, nothing happens.
Ah... Just a moment.
When Mr. Renno regains consciousness,
we'll know who's to blame for making him fall into the river.
Of course we will.
Do you really mean it, Conan?
You'll tell us which of these three entangled him
so that he would end up between those two poles that had no rope.
But listen, what if he doesn't regain consciousness?
Then we really have nothing to do.
Because there don't seem to be any clues leading anywhere.
Speaking of clues, Conan, have you found any whereabouts for your cell phone?
No, not yet.
Maybe the person who found it threw it somewhere.
If it has ended up in the river, then we are already lost.
That's why we don't have to suffer.
It is well waterproofed.
And when we find it, we will also know who has thrown it.
Because as it had the recorder activated,
among other things it will have recorded
the voice of the person who picked it up and took it away.
And what happens if this person destroys it when he gets home?
I will find him before he has time to do it.
How are you going to do it?
This cell phone has a special built-in transmitter
that Dr. Agasa gave me.
So, we'll be able to track where he is...
with the computer at the doctor's house.
What?
Oh, yes.
Right, doctor?
"Gee, I don't remember anything,
"I don't remember putting in this transmitter you say."
But what if they erase the sound file that has been recorded?
Don't worry, stop that.
The phone has a password.
And the password is a 4-digit number
that will never endevinaríeu, it is impossible.
Ah!
The characters in the name "Conan" look like 5-7-9-4.
Is that it?
I got it!
No, and now!
As you're back at Kaito Kid,
the password is the number that comes from "Kid", 1-4-1-2.
No, it isn't either.
Did I get it right?
That's it, it's 110. So you always tell us: "Call the police".
I said it was 4 digits.
I guess it's not 4-8-6-9, is it?
Because you're very Sherlock.
Huh?
No way.
No way.
No, I'm telling you it's not.
So, is this it?
(Typing)
"Oysters. But what's going on here?"
"Isn't it 4-8-6-9?"
"It won't unlock."
"That little boy...! Let's see if I...."
(Mobile)
"Shit!"
(Door: they bite)
Now... I'm coming out.
"I have no choice."
"I'll have to take it home and smash it with a hammer."
Look at that.
That's how you were.
Ken Yatsukoshi.
Wha... what do you mean?
What do I get now?
Mr. Yatsukoshi, you have Conan's cell phone, right?
Ah...
You mean this one?
I picked it up from the ground thinking it was mine.
It's the same model and color as mine.
But I couldn't unlock it with my PIN.
And, besides, I thought I hadn't picked it up today.
The truth is that the whole thing has really weirded me out.
So, I can go now, right?
No.
Now it's all clear.
You drove Mr. Renno into the river with your directions.
He is guilty of attempted murder.
But-but what s'empatolla?
As we have already seen, it is impossible.
Because I have not been able to give him any kind of instruction, to in Renno.
I could not guide from so far away if it was not making grand gestures,
and you have already seen the video that I did not make,
and from that distance I could not be that I felt.
What?
What?
That I called you?
You called him, didn't you?
It's the way you can communicate with someone that's from a great distance.
But Renno at that moment
was precisely on the phone with his wife.
And she said she didn't have any calls on hold.
So she didn't talk to him for this phone.
Hello, Ayumi.
How is it going?
-Yes, yes.
I feel you very well.
- "You feel me?"
A wind-up telephone.
And everything it took to make a wind-up phone was right there:
"A long string to connect it...
and two empty plastic bottles to act as receivers."

"Everyone has a piece of string wrapped around their plastic bottle.
and you made it look like you were drinking"
while giving instructions to Mr. Renno.
A little more to the left.
That's it, very good.
Yes.
And look backwards.
More.
That's how you've directed it.
Don't talk nonsense.
How did he want me to use it, a wind-up phone?
If he didn't feel me, he didn't know when to put it in his ear.
They had to agree on some simple signal to start with.
Like now, if I pull the string twice, we use the wind-up phone.
Mr. Renno's wife mentioned a telling detail.
But it could also be that they were secretly talking to each other.
"Because one time he said to me for a moment 'and he put his cell phone away from his ear."
The whole thing is ridiculous.
Don't-you just have this evidence?
(Ken: recording) "To the right. The right."
"Can you go back about 10 steps?"
We've been very lucky.
Since he's kept his cell phone in his breast pocket,
he feels everything I was saying loud and clear.
"Hey. What are you doing?"
No.
Don't go any further back.
You have made him fall into the river.
Go to hell!
"(Water: splash)"
"(Man) Someone has fallen into the river!"
The profile of the voice pattern will reveal to us
whose voice is giving instructions.
In addition, we have been informed...
that Mr. Renno has regained consciousness a while ago.
So we will be able to question him directly as well.
I suspect his motive.
I'm sure it has something to do
with Mr. Kakuro's little sister.
Mm?
That was amazing, wasn't it?
Conan has been great.
We were able to solve the case thanks to his invaluable help.
To tell you the truth,
I've suspected him from the beginning.
-Really?
-Me too.
Yes, and besides, the fact that they used a wind-up telephone...
could only have occurred to a child.
So what?
What's your PIN?
Come on, come on, Conan, tell us.
No, it's a secret.
("Kimi y no uso", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
You couldn't figure out what Ay's favorite song is, could you?
Xxxt.
No.
-Shut up, guys.
-Hey?
They're interviewing Yoko Okino, no less.
Yoko, we have a surprise: a special video message.
-Huh? -What's my type?
What's my type?
-Huh?
Whose-who's it from?
From among the famous singers or actresses?
Mm...
I can't think of any specific one.
But there is a song I often listen to when I'm warming up.
when I'm warming up.
But I'd like to keep it a secret and not divulge whose it is.
I'll tell you.
It's Yoko Okino's new song.
-Will you stop it, Takahiro?
-It's called "Dandelion".
This nano only listens to trendy songs by pretty singers.
It's a case.
(Man) Understood.
Mr. Higo, so you're a fan of Yoko?
Man, well... we've known each other before,
because we went to the same high school.
When she started singing,
I listened to her and the songs got me.
They stimulate me, they give me a lot of energy.
They make it easier for me to visualize the plays.
And the lyrics are very beautiful, like the one in "Dandelion."
We are the "dandy millions" and their song is called "Dandelion."
-Takahiro, go for a walk!
-Of course, now I understand everything.
"It must be the same one."
(Humming)
Juri, it's over.
Don't put up with him anymore.
Break up with him at once, okay?
Woman, for once I have to make myself look good...!
Do you really mean it?
Going out to look for him will be difficult, with so much snow.
Snow always tends to accumulate more
where neither the sun nor the wind touch so much.
Ah... Please don't ask me that.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The love that disappeared in the snowstorm."

