(Ayumi) Oh, do you want to come home later?
Yesterday my mother made some really good cookies, I'm sure you'll like them.
Thanks, but I'm not doing well.
I'm in.
I love cookies.
You like eels with rice.
Well, I'll come to eat cookies, Ayumi.
I don't know if there are any eel and rice crackers.
That would be great.
He-he-he-he!
Some people have tastes...
(Man) Stop right there!
Where are you going?
-Come on, calm down.
-Come on, calm down.
Don't come near me.
-Don't hurt him.
-Ayumi!
"Oysters!"
-Huh?
-I'm sorry.
Forgive me, my child.
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"Who is this stranger?"
"The hidden relationship between doctor and patient."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"A troublesome emergency room patient."
(Takagi) No.
You couldn't identify him?
He only had the knife and the wallet with some money.
But no ID of any kind.
With his fingerprints,
we did check that he's not a person with a police record.
Why was the policeman chasing him down the street?
In fact, he didn't pay any attention to him.
The policeman approached him
about 100 meters from where they were in Conan and the others
because he thought he was behaving suspiciously.
And then the suspect took off running.
If we also take into account that he was armed with a knife,
maybe he was planning to commit a robbery.
Do we know if he had a fight before, with the police officer who was chasing him?
Why do you ask?
Because there were clear signs that he had received a heavy blow to the head.
Look, now that you mention it...
Apparently, she was already walking half-staggering,
when that policeman saw her on the street.
That's why he thought it was suspicious and wanted to question him.
And do you know why she was staggering?
We are from the police.
How is the patient?
He had a cerebral hemorrhage
caused by a severe blow to the back of the head.
The man is in critical condition
and right now I can't tell if he's going to come out or not.
And can you tell me
if this is because someone assaulted her or because she fell or something?
Okay. We don't know.
We don't know.
I can't say for sure.
In short, we don't know her identity...
and we don't know if... there's been an assault.
Doctor, and couldn't you identify him by his teeth, by his dental records?
Or if he's had any kind of surgery in the past?
Caram.
You really know about these things, kid!
Ah... Yes, well...
It is that in Kogoro explained to me how these procedures.
And who is this Kogoro you say?
You mean, none other than the famous detective Kogoro Mouri,
the Sleeping Kogoro.
And the 5 of us are the members of the Junior Detective League.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Gee, I hope he ends up getting out, poor guy.
Ayumi, don't tell me you still feel sorry for him.
(Mitsuhiko) But this man is a bad piece of work,
he threatened you with a knife.
It's true that at that moment I stood still and got really scared.
But the truth is, I don't know why,
I have the feeling that he is not a bad person.
He doesn't have any scars from any operation.
What can you tell me?
And as for the dental record issue,
the dentist is looking at it right now.
I hope he can tell us something right away.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Ah.
Hello, Kogoro!
Inspector.
Ah, gee.

So, there is no clue, for the moment?
Well, name it, we'll have to wait for this man to regain consciousness,
if he comes out at all.
-Ah... Eh?
- (bag: scratch)
Could you show me what is this paper coming out?
Ah.
It's a clipping from a magazine.
Do you see it?
Isn't it that news about the scandal
the bribes from some businessmen to city politicians?
Could it be that the man was assaulted for this?
So that someone wanted to get him off her back?
Well, then it is
that there is also the possibility that they will try to kill him again.
I want uniformed police officers guarding the hospital.
And call for reinforcements in the second investigative division.
-Yes. -Yeah.
-All right. -Okay.
It's really starting to get exciting.
Gee, I don't know what it's all about, all of it, but it's pretty cool.
So... Ayumi.
What do you think?
Hey, before she fainted,
I thought he said something to you, this man.
He did?
Do you remember?
Well, this... Now that you mention it...
-I'm sorry.
-Hmm? -Hmm?
I'm very sorry that the father was useless.
Forgive me, my child.
The father?
But then this man is your father, Ayumi?
-Eh?
-But what's wrong with you now?
The man must have been clouded by the blow on the head that has been nailed to him
and mistook the Ayumi for his daughter.
The question is whether what he said to him and the cutout
are related to the aggression he has received.
Exactly.
Conan, we must investigate this matter, please.
What?
Listen, my heart tells me that this man, even if he doesn't look like it,
is not a bad person, I'm convinced.
I would very much like us to try to help him.
All right, we'll try, Ayumi.
Long live the Junior Detective League!
Xxxt!
We're in a hospital, Genta, you can't start yelling.
-Yes, I can.
-Yeah.
Come on, let's go.
If I'm not mistaken, that man came from this side, right?
And the policeman who was chasing him wanted to talk 100 meters from here,
according to what he told us a moment ago.
We're going to investigate.
But he ran away.
(Music: covers the voices)
Ah, yes, I remember this man you told me about.
I saw her here in front, on the other side of the street.
He was getting out of a cab that stopped here.
Get out of the way, get out of the way!
(Woman) Whoever got into the cab gave him a push
that made him fall to the ground.
(Mitsuhiko) Well, maybe that's how it went wrong.
We don't know this.
Maybe he bit his head on the ground.
(Mitsuhiko) You didn't notice which company it was, the cab, by any chance?
No.
I'm not very good with my eyes lately.
But I do know who it was that gave you the push.
Do you know him?
Do you?
What?
Well, maybe we've already found the culprit!
He's a loose cannon
who has always come to buy things here at the store.
And besides, I know where he can be found at this hour.
Hello, good morning.
How are you?
How are you?
What do you want, children?
Who are you?
Hello.
Good morning to you!
But... but what the hell do you want?
Go away, come on, children, go, distract me.
Could you tell us why you were in such a hurry before?
You gave a man a push before getting into a cab.
And now this man is unconscious, in intensive care.
You're kidding, right?
-You should go and apologize.
-I shouldn't have assaulted her.
I was just nervous because I was in a hurry.
Ah...
Can you explain why?
(Ayumi) Was it true, what he said?
Do you believe it, that he was late for work...
and he had been told that, if he came back, the office?
-I don't believe it either.
-I'm not so sure.
-That's what we're going to check.
Can we believe this man?
Besides, according to what that old woman told us,
the mystery man already looked like he wasn't feeling very well...
before he was given the push, so...
I don't think the one with the machines is the culprit.
I think so too.
(Man) Yes, that's true.
He told me to run because he was afraid of being late for work.
And do you remember the previous customer you were in a hurry?
Yes, yes, I remember very well.

Ah... The truth is that he looked like he wasn't feeling well at all.
And this previous client, could you tell us where he asked you to take him?
Nowhere in particular.
He just said, "Follow the car in front."
"The car in front?"
But the problem is that I lost sight of it, it got away from me.
And then he said to me: "Well, stop right here, I'm getting out".
"And that's where the old lady saw her."
Another thing: can you tell us exactly where you picked her up?
Let me look at it.
Ah, yes, here it is.
At the end of Haido, touching Beika.
She says she picked it up in the Haido neighborhood.
Gee, that's a long way from where we are now.
What do you think, Conan?
We should go there, shouldn't we?
Yes, of course we should.
Could you give us a ride with the cab, if you'd be so kind?
Yeah, sure thing, guys.
But I keep a secret.
It's a perfect place because it's very uncrowded.
And that's why you can take a nap here without the company knowing.
And rest from all that walking up and down.
(Ayumi) And this man has taken his cab here?
Yes.
Then I was also taking a nap.
(Glass: itchy)
But the end of the Haido neighborhood touching Beika isn't it...?
Yes, exactly.
I was thinking this too, Ai.
What?
The place where that man has taken the cab, here where we are now,
is almost touching another place which is where the answer must be.
-Here it is.
-And what is this place?
So, the answer to our mystery will be found in this hospital?
Come on, let's go.
Are you sure?
"These marks here are of a very strong acceleration."
(Taxi driver) "He just told me: 'Follow the car in front'."
Could it be that he was referring to this car?
But something puzzles me:
How do I explain it to him, that it's parked in the same place as before?
Ep, guys, there's a sign, we can see whose it is.
Kido?
And that's...
Yes, Conan, it's probably from his shirt.
Yes.
This on the bench behind you here could also be evidence.
There are fibers from two different fabrics
glued in two places on this bench.
Now we just need to compare them
with the fibers of the clothes that the two of them were wearing.
What's this?
What's this?
Wow!
Look, there are, yes!
Eel crackers with rice.
(Mitsuhiko) Please, Genta.
We don't have time for this now.
Gee, what a way to save paper.
They've taken this cracker advertisement
to make the freshly painted signs they've put on the benches.
"Shut up, that maybe..."
(Ouch) The magazine clipping article, right?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
The question is what's on the other side.
I was thinking about it.
Inspector, would you mind explaining why you brought me here, please?
Well... it's just that...
Inspector!
Can you explain to me what this is all about, Mouri?
Does it have anything to do with this case of bribing politicians?
What is it?
But it was you,
who told me to come here because you would explain me the solution of the case.
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaah...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa... Aaaah...
Look at him.
The Sleeping Kogoro!
-Ehem... Excuse me.
-What is this Sleeping Kogoro?
(Kogoro voice) I'll tell you in a moment how it all went.
But first... This car is yours, isn't it, doctor?
Yes, that's right.
But what's that got to do with me, me, with all this?
I'll come straight to the point.
The unidentified man ended up the way he is,
with the brain hemorrhage, in the ICU,
at death's door because of you, Dr. Kido,
there's the truth.
But what do you say, now, Mouri?
Yes.
Conan.
Ayumi, before, when that man with the knife caught you,
can you tell us what happened, exactly?
Yes, he talked a little.
-I'm sorry.
-What?
I'm sorry that the father was useless.
Forgive me, my child.
Let me think.
What else do you remember, Ayumi?
Yes, I noticed a smell.
A smell, you say?
And what kind of smell was it?
-Come on, Genta, enough.
-D'anguiles with rice?
It was the same smell that I felt before in the hospital.
(Kogoro voice) This special smell that the Ayumi has smelt

is a key clue to link you to the victim, doctor.
Ow, don't be ridiculous.
The characteristic odor of hospitals
comes from the antiseptics that are used.
This man could have gone to any hospital
and he would have made the same smell as all hospitals make this smell.
For God's sake, this argument doesn't hold water.
He is forcing everything to make it square any way he can.
I'm sorry, but it sounds to me like the doctor is right too.
It wasn't the smell of antiseptic, it was the smell of paint.
That's right.
Paint?
And that special paint smell that the little girl says
has attached itself to both the victim and her assailant,
because they were both before this bench.
"They started fighting and got paint on each other."
"The doctor has tried to flee with the car, maneuvering, accelerating hard."
"And the victim's shirt button came off."
"He fell backwards and hit the back of his head against the bench."
"Then he went down the stairs
and went to the open ground below to see if he could catch a cab."
(Takagi) Inspector!
Where were you, you two?
Mr. Mouri asked us to take the fingerprints
from the car window frame for analysis at the lab.
We just got the results.
They match those of the unidentified man.
And, in addition, the button that Conan found on the ground here a moment ago...
is a button missing from the shirt he was wearing.
Excuse me, Inspector, I asked them to do this...
without having consulted you first.
Don't worry about it, Mouri.
But did you find out what they were fighting about, the doctor and the patient?
Well yes, it all comes from the magazine clipping the man was carrying.
What do you say?
So this does have something to do with the case of the bribes to politicians.
No, because the important thing was on the other side of the clipping.
Isn't that right, doctor?
The clipping.
On the other side?
It's an advertisement for a book recently published by Dr. Kido.
Explain, doctor.
It all happened about a month ago.
(PA: man) "We have a person who has suddenly become ill."
"Is there a doctor on the train?"
-Huh?
-Hey, excuse me.
Are you a doctor?
I'm saying this because I see you're reading a book on a medical subject.
Please help me.
My daughter is very ill, she has a high fever.
Could you examine her, please?
I'm sorry, but I'm not a doctor.
What?
But if...
(Kido) "Since I'm married,
"I didn't want to expose myself to the public
the relationship I have with the woman who was with me at the time."
It should have ended here.
But that man showed up today, here at the hospital,
when I had already finished my night shift and was leaving.
Ah, I see he is a doctor.
He told me a lie.
"He told me that he suspected me that day."
"And that you had found me from the book I was reading on the train."
Don't tell me you don't remember.
After that, we went down with my daughter to the next station...
and went to the hospital.
But poor thing, she didn't make it.
Apologize to my daughter!
And then she also explained to me that the child had died
because she had worsened from a chronic illness she already had.
It was not a question of whether or not I could have saved her if the train had examined her.
if she had been examined by the train.
No, no, what he wanted to tell me was that I could not forgive him...
that he had told her a lie at such an important moment.
And I agree.
What I did then is unforgivable.
That's why I thought that all this was not a coincidence,
but a punishment from God.
That she was taken to the hospital
and she has ended up becoming my patient.
(Weeping) They may not believe me,
but I do everything I can to save her life.
If I had done the same for her daughter, maybe she could have been saved.
I am very sorry
for what I did on the train.
"What's wrong?"
"I have a feeling there's something wrong."
Hey, where's your paint-stained jacket?
It's here in the car.
I put it in the trunk earlier.
(Chiba) It's gone.
But... that's impossible.
It is necessary to be, I have put it to him.
"(Chiba) Of course. It was her."

Where are you going so fast, Conan?
This is murder!
What did you do on the night shift and just to get out of the hospital you took
Dr. Kido's car?
I'm sure that, a while ago,
when you told him that you're already getting rid
the paint-stained jacket, he said no, didn't he?
Yes, and I thought there was a possibility...
that he would end up turning himself in to the police, if this man got out.
And then our secret would become public, everybody would know.
Everybody would know that I was his mistress.
"And that's why... that's why I had to..."
Ah!
He woke up!
Hurrah!
I am happy.
("Kimi y no uso", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Forgive me.
I'm sorry I got you involved in all this.
And now!
I'm glad you're well.
And, by the way, how do you say it?
Because we still don't know, it's a mystery.
It's a mystery. It's true.
You're right, you're right.
I forgot to introduce myself.
That you've been careless, you say?
Shut up.
I have the feeling that I've neglected something, me, too.
Aaaa... atxim!
Oh.
So cold!
Eh?
But what am I doing on this bench?
I'm going home.
Eh? (Laughs)
Aaah!
Aaah!
Aaaah!
I can't move!
Help me!
Eri!
Get out of here you low-life detective!
You're very special, Conan.
Just by hearing the name you knew you didn't know this person.
I don't know if the tea bags I bought will do the weight.
So don't suffer, I have plenty here.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A tense reunion of girlfriends (part one)."

