(Kogoro, drunk: croons)
Wow..., how many balls I got today!
What luck!
Ha-ha!
Today is a great day!
Ran always criticizes me because I play too much pachinko,
but now she'll have her mouth wide open.
Hello, I'm here!
The king of pachinko has arrived!
Hello!
Mm?
A note for me?
Let's see what it says?
"Father, I'm going to the hospital. Why don't you have your cell phone on? Ran."
The mobile, you say?
- (mobile: acoustic signal)
-Punyeta, I had it off!
What?!
34 missed calls and 16 text messages?
Oh!
What the...?
"The mother got sick while she was at work,
she's being operated on right now!
I'm at Haido Central Hospital, come right away!
Ran."
(Shinichi voice) "The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"A chance encounter with the Amuro at Haido Central Hospital."
"Four women and a case of poisoning."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
(Conan voice) "A tense meeting of friends (Part One)"
Eri!
Aaa... Eri!
Eri!
Aaa...
Eriii!
Eriii!
Why are you making such a fuss?
What do you mean?
They're about to operate on you, aren't they?
It's a simple appendicitis.
In fact, they operated on me a while ago.
I was just waking up.
What a rest... So, it was just an appendicitis.
What do you mean, "just"?
And may I ask where you were with your cell phone off?
I'm sure at the horse races, playing mahjong or pachinko.
What are you talking about?
I was working, really.
What? I was playing pachinko.
I was playing pachinko, right?
It's very easy: there's a strange wrinkle on his jacket, on his back.
What?
And this kind of wrinkle is only made
when you sit in a chair for a long time.
No, it turns out...
Also, having your cell phone turned off indicates...
it must have been in a pretty noisy place
and even if it had rung he wouldn't have realized he was being called, would he?
And since you don't like to put it on vibration to make it uncomfortable...
Besides, look!
He has a pachinko ball caught in his shoelaces.
So, today he's been in a pachinko parlor.
You're making me stop, Conan!
It's just that... I recently saw a detective case where the same thing happened.
That's a good one.
So you've had the bar to go play pachinko
while I was in the hospital suffering.
Eh?
Well... I did go, but just to hang out for a while.
Besides, I won the special prize, and that's great, isn't it?
Come on, spill your guts...
and get discharged right away.
It's just that they say that...
when you've had an appendix operation and you fart, they send you home.
I hope you don't believe for a moment
that the clumsy comment you just made will make me laugh.
Woman, it is a little funny, isn't it?
Get out of here!
You two-bit detective!
You fuck!
That's bullshit.
I come because I'm worried and he goes and gets like a beast.
(Man) Oh, no!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I don't blame her."
-Mm?
-Aren't you Mr. Mouri?
What a surprise!
So, what are you doing at the hospital?
(Shinichi, think) "In Bourbon?!"
Have you come to visit or are you sick?
No, it's just that my wife has been operated...
(Shinichi, thinks) "What's a member of the Men in Black doing in Haido Central Hospital?
(Shinichi, thinks) "What is a member of the Men in Black doing at Haido Central Hospital?"

"It can't be..., it can't be..., it's not possible!"
-Me?
-Hey, what are you doing here?
I was told that a person I know has been admitted here,
and I came to see him, but he's not here anymore.
By the way, Conan, I talked to some nurses who told me...
that you've been here before.
Eh?
Don't you know him?
He's a man named Rikumichi Kusuda.
And who is this man?
I don't know him.
A few months ago I left him some money,
and if I could get it back now that would be great.
Mm-hm.
Are you sure, you don't know him?
Huh? (chuckles)
You look very special.
Excuse me a moment, ladies.
Do you know an inpatient named Rikumichi Kusuda?
Rikumichi Kusuda?
I don't know.
How old is he?
What does he look like?
Do you have any pictures you can show us?
-Okay.
-No, nothing. -No, nothing.
It doesn't matter.
And you, Mr. Mouri?
What would you do if you were suddenly told someone's name
and asked you if you knew them?
Well, I guess... I'd do exactly the same as the two of them.
You see, most people aren't sure...
whether they remember something correctly or not.
So before they say no,
they want to have a lot more information about the person you're looking for,
other than just the name.
That's why I told you before that you're very special, Conan.
Just by hearing the name it was clear to you
that you didn't know that person at all.
Don't pay too much attention to what this nano says.
There are millions of people you know
of whom you don't know the name.
Besides, there are also those you only know by nickname.
3, 2, 1..., zero!
-Very good.
-Look, mom, the elevator is here!
Run, hurry up!
(Kogoro) Mm?
What's the matter now?
No, it's just that some friends call me Zero,
and I thought maybe some acquaintance was calling me.
Why Zero?
I understood that your name is Toru.
"Toru" in Japanese means "transparent", that is, "nothing",
hence Zero.
That's how kids usually come up with all the nicknames, isn't it?
Rikumichi Kusuda?
Who is he, what's wrong with him?
Should I know him?
When we were coming here, a boy asked us if we knew him.
No, I don't know him either.
I'm in an isolated unit
and I don't have many opportunities to talk to other patients, you know?
Congratulations!
I hear you're being discharged tomorrow, right?
That's what they say.
Well, I think you could have let me know.
That would have saved me the visit.
-Hello, Queen!
-Sorry I'm late!
Oh, it's already both here!
Come on, let's have some tea!
-Well, let's start.
-Here's the hot water! -Here's the hot water!
If you want to help me,
why don't you take 3 clean cups from that cupboard over there, please?
Will 3 be enough?
Yes, I already have my cup.
Don't worry about me.
(Tokie) Well, if it isn't new cups!
-Of course they are.
-Can we use them?
Actually they're not,
but I always get the stains out with baking soda.
and that's why they look like new.
You are very scrupulous about cleanliness.
And on the way over here, I bought a lemon!
You've always liked lemon infusions.
I don't know if the tea bags I bought will do the trick.
Ah!
That's why don't suffer, I have plenty of them here.
Why don't we drink from different ones and compare them?
(Queen) Very good idea!
(Katsuki) It'll be a real tasting party, eh?
(Tokie) Or a somewhat advanced haute party.
(Katsuki) Wow... So, your wife has had acute appendicitis, Mr. Mouri?
Yes.
I've had nerves for nothing.
But they say it's dangerous to take appendicitis lightly.
(Kogoro) Yes, I suppose so.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Then... it can't be that..."
(Women: laugh)
(Katsuki) This picture brings back so many memories!
(Queen) It's from a school festival.
Don't tell me you keep all the old photos in your cell phone.
Not all of them, I only keep the ones I like.
By the way, if I remember correctly,
the Queen made out with in Šušak, at this festival.
And who was it, in Šušak?
How could it be?
He was the most popular boy in the class!
There was a popular boy?
No doubt you are a very lucky person, Queen.
What?

Well, I don't think I am very much.
For example, the other day I was on the verge of...
of losing a lot of money in stocks!
If you want to know the truth, my husband is just a nouveau riche, you know?
My son had to take an important exam
but he came down with a very bad flu,
and if I didn't notice it in time it could have been a tragedy!
I can tell you that my life is like walking a tightrope.
(Women: squeal)
It's over there!
The scream came from this room, didn't it?
Yes.
Has something happened?
Reina!
Reina?
It's weird, poisoning someone in a hospital...
From what we've been told,
it seems that when the doctor arrived there was nothing to do.
And we already know who the victim is?
A woman who lived in Haido, Mrs. Reina Suto, 42 years old.
She came to the hospital with two of her friends and former classmates
to see another friend...
who was also a former classmate, Mrs. Juri Kosaka..,
who is admitted to this hospital.
But Mrs. Suto arrived a little earlier than the other two.
Okay, it seems that the cause of death has occurred.
It appears that the cause of death was asphyxiation
by cyanide poisoning.
Yes.
How come she was taking an infusion here at the hospital?
According to what we've been told, Mrs. Kosaka, the patient,
is very fond of herbal teas,
and every time they meet at the hospital they have one together.
Yes...
That is to say, the three of them knew perfectly well...
that they would have the opportunity to poison the victim.
But it seems that the victim has drunk a few cups of it
without anything happening to him.
And then she suddenly dropped dead.
What?
Maybe someone had given him a poisoned pill
or something before she drank again.
Are you saying that the crime might not have been committed here, Takagi?
My, my, what a curious thing to say!
Look at this, please.
In the cell phone that was here on the floor there are a lot of photos,
and there are a few from a long time ago.
But the lady who died is holding the chopsticks with her right hand!
Mm?
You!
Don't touch the victim's personal belongings, understand?!
But listen, what's so strange about that?
Normally we pick them up with our right hand.
But on the mug that he dropped and broke,
if you look closely you can see...
...that the lipstick stain is to the right of the handle.
This indicates that she was holding the cup with her left hand.
with her left hand, isn't it?
Yes, you're right.
But why was she holding it with her left hand?
(Toru) Because he had something else in his right hand.
For example, I was doing something ordinary like looking at pictures on my cell phone.
(Toru)...on the cell phone?
I was looking at pictures...
Yes, and when people are very concentrated on something,
they don't notice too much what's going on around them.
Even if the position of the mug or the direction of the handle
had changed, he wouldn't notice.
Perhaps the murderer has taken advantage of this
to make the victim drink the poisoned infusion,
and then she must have put her cup
the place where the victim's cup was.
Has she changed the cup?
Yes, the murderer is less risky...
if she puts the poison in her cup and changes it..,
than if she poisons the victim's tea cup.
Since it was all very informal and they didn't use a saucer,
it was not very difficult to change the cups.
-Yes..., well..., I guess.
-Do you agree, Mr. Mouri?
(Think) "This detective again?"
It was impossible for anyone to change the cups!
Only she liked to put on lemon.
Besides, take a good look at the cups!
And the color of the infusions!
The color?
Wow!
The infusions have different colors.
One is brown, one is blue and one is yellow.
The one the victim was drinking was a reddish color.
That's true.
Therefore, it was impossible to get the wrong cup.
Let's get this straight.
If in the end the poison was in the infusion,
the sachet, wrapper or bottle of poison should be somewhere.
If we scan the room from top to bottom,
don't you think we'll find something?
I'm sure we will.
It could even be
that the killer still had it on her.
All right, then.
After searching all three in depth,

I would like to question you, each of you,
separately in another room.
Do you understand, ladies?
Yes, Inspector.
Yes, exactly.
It was I who served the infusions to everyone.
Even if they came to see me here,
they are still my guests, don't you think?
Well, I say that I have served them the infusions,
but in reality all I've done
was put the sachets in the cups.
So you were the only one who touched the cups.
Well, no..., because I asked Mrs. Happo and Mrs. Beppu...
to take them from the locker.
So, this means that on the victim's cup...
we will find the fingerprints of all three of them.
Can you tell me why you've served so many different types of tea?
Usually only one type is served.
All my friends know that I'm very fond of herbal teas,
and many people have brought me gifts when they've come to see me.
And since Mrs. Happo has also brought some,
we decided to do a tasting of different types and compare them.
Understood.
So, you, you, who you say...
you are the one who proposed to do the tasting of infusions, and you have also served them,
is the one who, in my opinion..,
more likely to have served the poisoned infusion, right?
What are you saying?
I would never do such a thing!
I have served the infusions in front of everyone, they have all seen me.
Besides, Mrs. Suto has drunk...
almost half of her infusion before she dropped dead.
On the other hand, what you said a little while ago,
about putting the poison in my cup and then exchanging it for her,
in my case I think I would have noticed a lot.
Eh?
And why did you say that?
Well, because the infusion that I was drinking
was a mixture of herbs and a flower called blue petxineta,
which gives it a beautiful blue color, very characteristic.
That's why they would have noticed it.
Mrs. Suto was drinking an infusion of hibiscus,
which is a flower that is a very delicate red color.
Could you please tell me what kind of herbal tea...
her other friends were drinking?
Yes, of course.
You see, Mrs. Happo was drinking a mint tea,
and Mrs. Beppu was drinking a chamomile tea,
which is a very bright yellow color.
Yes, the tea I was drinking was mint.
I thought it would be a more greenish color,
but I was surprised when I saw that it was brown.
I mean... we always associate mint with green...
But Juri, who is very fond of infusions, laughed when she saw that it was brown,
laughed when I told her.
You know what?
Brown and red are quite similar.
You could have changed the cups, madam!
What are you saying?
They don't look anything alike!
My mug had a brownish color
as you can often see in many infusions,
while the Queen's was red!
As for the infusions,
did everyone get to choose the one they wanted to drink?
Yes, the infusions were on the table and each one chose.
After we drank - in one eixugàvem the cups with paper
and then we drank another one.
Now, when we arrived,
Juri was drinking her blue infusion, so healthy.
But she said she did not recommend it to us,
because it has a very bitter taste.
By the way, could you tell us how they were sitting?
Ah, well... clockwise we were me,
the Queen, Katsuki and finally Juri.
I remember that very well, because Katsuki and me...
we were looking at the photos on the Queen's cell phone
on both sides of her.
Who proposed to look at the cell phone photos?
Katsuki!
It seems that Juri had already shown her the photos.
In fact she told us:
"When we go to see her, let's ask her to show them to us".
But the Queen didn't want to give us her cell phone at all,
and that's why we ended up looking at the photos at her side.
She had always had this character.
She was a strangely domineering woman, selfish and indifferent about everything.
Do you know that her husband, before, had been my boyfriend?
She took me... shamelessly!
Well..., but that doesn't mean that I wanted to kill her...
nor that I wished her any harm, eh?
Understood.
If any one of the three had to resent the Queen,
it was Katsuki.
She was quite furious.

What?
Because of the Queen I had lost a lot of money.
A lot of money?
(Katsuki) Of course I was furious!
The stocks that the Queen recommended to me plummeted
and I ended up losing a lot of money.
But she sold them to her just before they went down
and made a fortune!
(At the same time) Wow!
I'm really sorry.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
Thanks to that, I am now drowning in debt!
If you knew the stock would soon go down you should have told me!
What?
Is that why you killed her?
If her death had brought back the money,
maybe I would have.
I do not like to criticize or speak ill of anyone,
but I'm sure that Juri also has a lot of pent-up anger inside.
Because of the Queen, her son did not pass the entrance exam to a very select school.
to a very select school.
Eh?
He failed the exam?
Juri's son and the Queen's son were both studying
to take the entrance exam to the same high school.
But one day before the exam, the Queen's son, who had the flu, went to study at the Queen's house,
who had the flu, went to study at Juri's house.
Juri's son caught it and the next day he was in no condition to take the exam!
to take the exam at all!
(At the same time) Wow!
I'm really sorry.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
Juri was all smiles before the exam,
telling us that soon we could celebrate passing.
Ahem!
I'd say that from everything we've been told.
all three had a motive for wanting to kill the victim, wouldn't you say?
But what do you say?
Mmm.
As I told you before, we didn't kill her!
All right, maybe the three of us were a bit resentful,
but the Queen had always been like that, and we all accepted her as she was...
since the time we went to school together.
Excuse me...
Do you remember if any of you have ever left the room
when the infusions were done?
Now that you mention it, Tokie and I have gone out separately.
As a matter of fact, I had to go to the bathroom,
and Tokie went to a place near here
to buy pastries to take with the infusions.
I don't think Juri and the Queen left the room.
The Queen has taken it upon herself to fetch hot water by thermos,
but this was some time before Tokie and I arrived.
Ah!
You, little boy, since when are you here?
Hey, and whose cups were they?
From the hospital?
No, boy, they're Juri's, those cups.
She says she uses baking soda to clean them and make them perfect.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The only person who could have put poison in them
and make the victim drink it is..."
"The question is how he did it
(Shinichi, thinks) "The only person who could have put poison and made the victim drink it is..."
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Juri) On the edge of the teacup?
Are they sure that's where they put the poison?
Then the murderer should be very brave, right?
How do you see, this?
Have you figured out how they did it?
A chance to exchange her poisoned cup for the victim's cup.
for the victim's mug,
who was absent-mindedly looking at old photos on her mobile.
And the only person who has been able to do it is you.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode!
"A tense reunion of girlfriends (Part Two)."

