"In Kogoro he returns home from the pachinko parlor."
"There he learns
"That Eri Kisaki is about to undergo an operation for an acute condition
and rushes to Haido Central Hospital."
"But in the end it turns out that she has been operated on for simple appendicitis."
"So Kogoro and I leave the room, and then..."
(Bourbon) Oh, no!
You're not Mr.
Mouri?
(Bourbon) What a surprise.
So what are you doing at the hospital?
"In Bourbon?"
Did you come to visit or are you sick?
No, they operated on my wife.
"Why?"
"What's a member of the Men in Black doing in Haido Hospital?"
"It can't be. It can't be. It's not possible!"
-Me?
-Hey, what are you doing here?
I was told that a person I know has been admitted to the hospital
and I came to see him, but it turns out that he is no longer there.
By the way, Conan, I've spoken to some nurses...
who told me that you had been here before.
Eh?
Don't you know him?
He's a man named Rikumichi Kusuda.
And who is he, this man?
I don't know him.
You're very special.
Eh?
Most people aren't sure if they remember something correctly.
So before you say no,
they want to have a lot more information about the person you're looking for,
other than just the name.
That's why I told you before that you're very special, Conan.
Just by hearing the name it was clear to you
that you didn't know that person at all.
Ha.
Don't pay too much attention to what this nano says.
There are thousands of people you know whose names you don't know.
Besides, there are also those you only know by nickname.
3, 2, 1... Zero!
What is it now?
No, it's just that there are friends who call me Zero,
and I thought that maybe someone I know was calling me Zero.
Why Zero?
I understood that your name is Toru.
Toru in Japanese means "transparent", that is to say, "nothing",
hence Zero.
That's how guys usually make up all the nicknames, isn't it?
(laughs)
(Woman 1) This photo brings back so many memories!
(Woman 2) It's from a school festival.
Don't tell me you keep all the old photos in your cell phone?
Not all of them, I only keep the ones I like.
By the way, if I remember correctly,
the Queen made out with in Šušak, during this festival.
There is no doubt that you are a very lucky person, Queen.
What?
Well, I don't think I'm very lucky.
For example, the other day...
I almost lost a lot of money on stocks!
If you want to know the truth, my husband is just a nouveau riche, you know?
My son had to take an important exam
but he came down with a very bad flu...
and if I didn't notice it in time it could have been a tragedy!
I can tell you that my life is like walking a tightrope.
(Woman) Aaaah!
(Woman) Aaaah!
It's over there!
The scream has come from this room, right?
Yes.
Has something happened?
Queen?!
Queen!
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"An infusion charged with vengeance."
"With the Amuro, the case is solved from scratch."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"A tense reunion of girlfriends (part two)"
(Takagi) Inspector Megure!
We've just finished searching the entire room.
I'm sorry, but we haven't found any bags or containers...
that had traces of poison in it.
We understand.
The killer most likely took it out and disposed of it.

By the way, no poison was detected in the infusion that was on the floor....
that the victim was drinking.
Oh, wasn't it?
Then, how could the poison have been taken?
The only possible way to do it was by rubbing the poison in the cup...
You mean they put it in the porcelain cup, right?
Conan!
What are you playing at?
I've been looking for you all over the hospital for a long time!
Hello.
I didn't know, Ran.
I've told you a million times I don't want you to go alone.
But it's just that...
(Female voice) "I've told you a million times..."
I've told you a million times not to fight anymore.
But it's just that...
Next time, even if you get hurt, I won't be able to cure you, you know?
Because... I have to go away from here.
I have to say goodbye.
Goodbye, Zero.
"We have to say goodbye. Goodbye, Zero..."
(Kogoro) Eh... eh, what's wrong with you?
Hey, what do you want, Mr. Mouri?
-What do you want, Mr. Mouri? -What do you want, Mr. Mouri?
-What's wrong with you?
A detective as good as you can't solve a case like this?
You haven't solved it either, so far, Mr. Mouri.
If you haven't been able to, I don't think I will be able to either.
Of course, you're right... Ha-ha-ha!
Come on, let's go!
It's time to go home!
Wait, wait, wait.
The case still isn't...
What are you talking about?
A while ago I heard the siren of a police car.
You mean something happened here at the hospital?
Yes.
A woman was poisoned to death while drinking a tea.
Inspector Megure, Inspector Takagi and Kogoro...
are working their butts off trying to solve the case.
But, Conan, don't you understand?
Look out the window.
The blue sky is turning red as the sun sets.
It's time for the kids to go home.
Eh?
(thinks) "The blue sky is turning red... Red."
"It's turning... red."
Oh!
"I get it! Just as you have!"
We must keep out of it.
We must leave the case in the hands of the father and the cops....
Where are you going?
Come back, Conan!
"I've solved the mystery!"
"The murderer is her,
and by poisoning her he has used..."
"Evidently, you've solved it too, haven't you?"
"Zero."
(Woman) On the edge of the teacup?
Are you sure, that's where they put the poison?
Yes, exactly where the lipstick stain was.
In fact, it was placed in such a way that when the victim, Ms.
Queen Suto,
would bring her lips close and drink, she would also swallow the poison.
That is why we did not detect any poison in the infusion of the cup.
Are you suggesting that one of us had the cold bloodedness
to put poison in the cup just before the Queen drank?
If any of the three of us had done so, the others of us would have noticed.
Besides, we are not like that.
The poison was not put directly into the victim's cup,
as the Amuro said a while ago
but it was in the murderer's cup and she changed it.
And I am telling you that it is not possible, do you understand me?
I was drinking a chamomile tea, which as everybody knows is yellow.
I have repeated many times that I was drinking an infusion of mint
which was of a brown color.
As you know, my infusion was blue in color,
thanks to a flower called "petxineta azul".
If I had exchanged my cup for that of Mrs. Suto,
who drank a red-colored hibiscus infusion,
I think everyone would have noticed.
It was only the victim who drank the infusion with a cut of lemon, wasn't it?
If the vision of the cup was limited,
even if the color was different...
You're half wrong, you!
What do you want me to understand, a man like this who knows nothing about infusions?
Enough!
Let's see, let's see...
Be that as it may,
it is certain that the assassin has put poison in the cup's rim
and killed Mrs. Suto.
Anyway, the fact that we have not been able to find...
no bag or container with poison, no matter how much we have searched the room.
can only mean that one of you,
Mrs.
Beppu or Mrs.
Happo, here present,
who have left the room at some point,
must be the murderer by force.
Now I'll take heads!
After putting the poison in the cup, he has thrown away the container in which he was carrying

throwing it somewhere outside the room.
Yes.
What do you mean, now?
I just went to the toilet for a moment!
And I went out to buy some pasta to take with the infusions and that's enough.
If you want I can show you the receipt!
Well, if we thoroughly check the toilet pipes...
or the stretch of road up to the store,
I'm sure we'll find something.
So, the killer should be very brave, shouldn't she?
What are you doing, Conan?
If I were to put poison in a cup,
I'm sure it wouldn't leave the room at any time!
So that someone would maybe clean it while I was out,
or else I'd put it somewhere else.
Or maybe I would change the type of infusion.
And it would be impossible for me to know which cup is the one with the poison in it.
The child is right.
So how did the murderer do it to put the poison in it?
And it also remains to be seen where the container or the cone that contained it
or the cone that contained it.
Then we have no other choice
but to thoroughly search this room again.
It seems to me that it will not be necessary for them to do so.
Because we still have one person left.
Who could have easily put the poison into the cup
without having to let her out of his sight for a single moment afterwards.
Isn't that right, Mr. Zero?
Mr. Zero?
He says that when he was little, his classmates called him "Zero".
So what?
How do you see, this?
Have you figured out how they did it yet?
I think I've got it.
Thanks to the clue you just gave me in Conan just now.
I'd say there's one person who was able to put the poison in there
and get rid of the container with plenty of time to spare,
without having to leave the room the whole time,
and quietly wait for an opportunity
to exchange his poisoned mug for the mug of the victim,
who was absent-mindedly looking at old photos on her cell phone.
And the only person who has been able to do that is you....
Mrs. Juri Kosaka!
-Huh?
-Huh?
Wait a moment, please!
You say you put the poison in your own cup first?
The Juri has been drinking her tea from that cup, you know?
Don't you remember?
The poison was put on the side that is used when you take the cup with the cup.
when you hold the cup with your left hand.
If he was careful not to pick up the cup with his left hand at any time,
it was impossible for her to get poisoned while drinking, her.
Oh!
And when has she poisoned the cup, then?
She probably carried the poison from home
when she was admitted to the hospital.
And today, before the victim came to see her,
he rubbed the poison on the rim of the cup
and disposed of the container somewhere outside the room.
Am I wrong?
No, it is you who does not seem to remember anything!
I repeat again that the Juri was drinking a blue infusion
and the Queen's was red, do you understand?
It is the same if there was a slice of lemon, it was impossible to get confused!
Exactly, and I can assure you...
that the lemon is the key to solve this case.
-Yes, in fact...
-The key?
Blow, it's really blue!
This infusion of blue petxineta I find very curious.
Hey!
How many times do I have to tell you not to touch anything at a crime scene?
I ordered the hot water at the hospital a while ago.
Stop it, kiddo.
Now you'll see!
And the lemon too.
Gee, you!
It's very strange, isn't it?!
-Eh?
-Huh?
This infusion was blue,
and when I put the lemon in it, it became redder and redder!
It's like a science experiment!
It's like a science experiment!
It's very interesting!
The color has changed
because the infusion has reacted with the acid of the lemon.
There are other infusions that also have a similar reaction.
Are you referring to the mallow flower?
If I remember correctly, when you put lemon in it, it changes from blue to pink.
Yes.
With an acidic substance it turns red,
with an alkaline substance like the one Mrs. Kosaka uses
to clean her cups,
i.e. baking soda powder,
the liquid regains its initial blue color.
Oh!
In other words, this is how Mrs. Kosaka committed the crime.
Kosaka has committed the crime.
First, when she learned that Ms.
Suto and the others would be coming to see her
she asked the victim to come a little earlier,
I guess with any excuse.

"Then he told her to go get hot water for infusions,
"And while she was out he put the poison
"On the opposite side to the one she usually drinks from,
and threw the container out of the room."
"When the three women were already here,
"she proposed to them to make a sort of tasting session
"Of different kinds of infusions and compare them,
and waited until Mrs. Suto chose the hibiscus."
"Why?"
"Well, because the color of hibiscus
is a red that pulls a little towards purple."
"And also because it looks very similar to the color of the blue petxineta
once it has become lemony."
"Mrs. Suto has chosen the infusion you wanted her to choose."
"So, you have taken a sachet of hibiscus," she said,
"which you had previously exchanged for a bag of blue petxinette,
put the lemon on top and poured hot water over it."
So you served Mrs. Suto a petxinette infusion.
Suto an infusion of blue petxineta
that looked just like a hibiscus one.
This makes sense.
Yes, but how did he go about changing the cups?
She changed them when Mrs. Suto and the others
were concentrating on looking at their cell phone pictures.
First she put lemon in her blue petxinette cup
so that it would turn red.
Then she put it on the tray, pushed it a bit....
and in a disguised way he took Mrs. Suto's cup, pretending it was his.
pretending that it was hers.
Then she took the lemon out of the cup
and put baking soda in it to turn the infusion blue.
"Finally, he pushed the poisoned cup a little further forward,
"So that from the band of Mrs. Suto...
it was, of necessity, with the handle to the left."
"He did this to entice her to pick up the poisoned cup with her left hand
while she was concentrating on looking at the old photographs."
Maybe I've got something wrong?
Well... he talks as if he was watching her while he was doing it,
but what proof do you have to prove it?
What is this?
Excuse me ma'am, you know you have a red big toe on your left hand?
Eh?
No, don't worry about it.
It's nothing...
That you have a wound?
There was something else I had to remove from the crime scene,
and that's the lipstick that's been smeared on the cup
when Mrs. Suto drank her tea.
Because it would be strange
if there was lipstick on Mrs. Kosaka's cup.
Kosaka,
a patient at the hospital.
"She probably tried to wipe it off slyly with her fingers."
"But lipstick is hard to remove,
if not with soap or some detergent."
That is, if the red color...
matches the color of Mrs. Suto's lipstick, it will serve as proof.
Suto's lipstick will serve as proof.
If they also check the cup that Mrs. Suto had used first, they will get another important proof.
they will get another important piece of evidence,
as you should find traces of baking soda inside.
But one question, how did she put the baking soda in the cup?
She probably put some baking soda in some sugar cubes and put them in the bottom of the cup.
and put them at the bottom of the sugar bowl.
Putting sugar in an infusion is very normal and does not arouse any suspicion.
Look... if you want me to tell you,
I don't think the Juri had any motive to kill the Queen.
The only thing she could have against her
is that her son couldn't take the entrance exam.
And that's why you don't kill a person!
If I may say so
your son did not entrust the flu only to me, unfortunately.
-You also assist her?
-Yes.
Yes.
At that time I... I was 3 months pregnant.
What?
The doctor told me that the flu could negatively affect the development of the fetus.
the development of the fetus and I got really scared.
I had a nervous breakdown
and because of that I lost... the baby.
Oh!
At the beginning I thought that maybe I had not been careful enough or that I had been unlucky.
or that I had been unlucky,
but then, when I heard what the Queen's son confessed to me
the other day when he came to see us at home...
Tsuneo, is something wrong?
Apologize to Toji for me.
You don't need to suffer for it.
You thought you had just a cold, didn't you?
No, I knew I had the flu when I came here.
I had been in bed for a few days but I was better now,
and my mother told me to come and study,

because it was the last day before the exam!
And he told me that if I could get rid of a rival, so much the better!
Oh!
Please don't tell mom that I explained it to her!
She would be very angry with me!
It's awful.
Yes, but the Queen used to do these things.
And now I'm just as horrible as she was.
I've tried to bring suspicions upon you
for owing the murder.
What can we do, it can't be changed.
The blue petxineta has detoxifying properties,
that's why I chose it.
I had thought that perhaps it would help me to calm down
this murderous rage that was inside of me
before committing a crime that would ruin my life.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Kogoro) It's very strong.
To poison someone who comes to see you in the hospital....
Yes.... Actually, sometimes I get the feeling...
that this hospital is really cursed.
A lot of things have happened lately.
A lot of things?
They say that an announcer, Rena Mizunashi,
was hospitalized here.
There was also an avalanche of injured people that caused a big panic.
And there was a bomb threat and everything.
Hey, listen, Takagi!
You mean isn't it time for you to go back to police headquarters, already?
Damn it!
And here I am wasting my time and chatting like it's nothing!
By the way, you've never heard of a man named Rikumichi Kusuda?
Eh?
Rikumichi Kusuda?
Yes, now that you mention it, a few days before the bombing incident...
they found a wrecked vehicle a few blocks from here,
and it turns out that the owner of the vehicle
was a man named Rikumichi Kusuda.
Eh?
It seems that he was in the hospital for several days,
but he suddenly disappeared off the map.
It's quite a mysterious case.
Inside the crashed vehicle
they found blood spatter everywhere.
Some of the stains were not even a millimeter wide,
said the scientists.
"Blood spatter less than a millimeter..."
"A gun."
Well then, goodbye!
And listen to something.
What are you doing here?
Did you come by chance?
Ah, I know.
There you came one day with your boyfriend.
And now!
Why are you saying this?
"Come to think of it, that day I waited here too."
Forgive me, I'm sorry.
You're late.
Something came up.
So it's you, the guy who's been ordering everyone around.
"Don't miss the next episode:
Shinichi Kudo's incident at the aquarium (part one) '."

