(Audience: exclamations of admiration)
They were cute, those dolphins, weren't they?
And what about the jumps they made?
They must have spectacular strength.
I don't understand what's taking so long, Dr. Agasa.
Where did he go to park the car?
I don't understand.
You can count, I'm sure he went to the Yakisobuns.
Right next to the parking lot
there happens to be a burger joint called Yakisobuns.
He must have smelled the hamburgers
and went straight to him.
Since someone is forcing him to go on a diet, he couldn't stay there.
Look, don't overdo it, he's not starving either, eh?
I want to go to the Yakisobuns.
Don't worry, woman.
-Me too.
-Yes, come on, I'm hungry.
You're hungry, huh?
Well, you don't need to worry.
In the aquarium's cafeteria
they make ice cream with bananas cut like dolphins,
pasta with clams served in a bowl shaped like a sea otter.
and a very long list
of delicious and original specialties.
And how do you know that?
Yes, how do you know this place so well?
Because... Oh!
This smell...
And listen to something.
What are you doing here?
Did you come by chance?
And you've been here before, right?
Yes, of course I have.
Oh, I know!
You came here one day with your boyfriend.
And now!
Why do you say this?
With my boyfriend?
No, no, no way.
(Mitsuhiko) Oops, look at her.
She's turning red.
(Genta) She's turning red.
(Ai) If you had already come with her,
you could have at least chosen another aquarium.
(Shinichi's voice) It's just that the other time I came here.
so many things happened that I didn't see it well.
By the way, who do you write to, if I may ask?
Who do you want me to write to?
To that baconet.
(Mobile: vibrates)
A message?
Wow!
(Ai) "Until when do you plan to be gobbling?"
He caught me.
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the heart line lights the fire of deduction."
"An underwater corridor resembling the seabed."
"The shark witnesses the incident."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
"Shinichi Kudo's incident at the aquarium (part one)"
(Genta) It's so cool!
(Ayumi) How many fishes there are!
(Mitsuhiko) It looks so cool that we're at the bottom of the sea.
(Mitsuhiko) -Oh!
-Oysters!
Did you see that shark?
It's gigantic.
-Yes, it's so big! -Yes, it's so big!
-What a sight!
You could say that detectives look like sharks.
"What a memory!"
"He's got a lot of nerve, that Sherlock Holmes apprentice."
"It's not even a year ago yet.
"And yet it seems so good
that an eternity has passed."
"What I don't know is
if he already liked me then."
Sorry to keep you waiting.
-Doctor!
-It's taken forever.
The dolphin show is over.
Eh?
Eeeecs!
He's got all green algae between his teeth.
So he went to the Yakisobuns, huh?
- (Ayumi) I knew it.
- (Agasa) Ai.
(Agasa) I'm sorry.
(Agasa) It's just that I was hungry.
"Come to think of it, I waited here that day too."
"Before this shark."
You're late.
Since you're telling me to meet, you could at least come on time.
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
I had an unforeseen event.
Why didn't you wait for me at the entrance, which would be normal?
I've been looking for you everywhere.
I really wanted to come and see the shark.
(Mobile: message tone)
Oh, a message from Sonoko.
She says she's recovered from her cold.
Ah.
That's good, then.

Anyway, while we're at it, let's get to work, shall we?
What do you call this experiment you?
What are you saying?
It is not an experiment.
It is the great project of the two lovers
who meet again in the aquarium by chance.
First, I tell my father to come in the aquarium with me,
I'm sure he'll like it.
When he comes, he finds my mother in this dream space,
with all the fish swimming around her.
They look into each other's eyes, they remember the moment they fell in love...
and they decide to live together again forever...
By the way, he proposed you, this plan, in case you don't remember.
You said that the aquarium would be an ideal place
because my father has always been very fond of fish.
Yeah, but this name you gave him came up with Sonoko.
And if you just wanted to come and see the aquarium before they come,
you could have come by yourself.
I know, but I... I've never been to an aquarium,
and I was a little afraid to come alone.
I understand, that you don't like it at all...
coming to such a romantic place, full of couples,
and even less that you have to come with someone like me.
I asked you because the Sonoko was cold
and I couldn't think of anyone else.
Hey, I didn't say at any time that I didn't like coming.
Well, we could both go eat at the cafeteria.
It looks like they have a great menu, I'm sure you'll like it.
And this way you give me some advice
so that this thing of my parents turns out well for me.
Very well, understood.
"My parents are just an excuse."
Listen...
I don't know if it's good for them to be in front of sharks, frankly.
They make for a bit of angst.
"Actually, what I want is to be with Shinichi..."
Mm?
Hey, Shinichi...
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
About the dress I'm wearing.
I really like it and I wanted to know what you thought.
So that's it?
It looks pretty good on you.
If you're so interested in getting feedback on the clothes you're wearing,
why don't you ask your mother?
Eh?
You're having lunch with her today, aren't you?
But... how do you know, you, this?
Wow, how strong!
A pigallada kite!
"Here we go. It's always the same. That's typical Shinichi."
"He suddenly tells you things about you that in theory he shouldn't know."
"And he never explains why he knows because you're intrigued."
Hey, I want to know something.
Considering I haven't told my father or the Sonoko,
how can you know, you, that I'm meeting my mother for dinner today?
Don't tell me you've been spying on my cell phone, so I'll get angry.
Let's see...
A moment ago, when you looked at Sonoko's message,
you went back and looked at a message you had received earlier.
It's not so strange to suppose that you had other plans today
and you wanted to confirm the time in order to organize your time well.
But how can you know this,
if you have not been able to see the screen of your cell phone at any time?
It can be easily deduced by looking at the movement of your fingers.
And you can tell that the person you are communicating with is your mother.
Listen, with this you don't answer me.
Tell me how did you know that!
For starters, you carry a fashion magazine in your bag...
that you wouldn't normally buy, right?
There's a business card between the pages.
And, considering you're so pleased with the clothes you're wearing,
I'm sure you've been stopped on the street by an agent
who has suggested you to appear in the magazine,
in the model readers section,
and probably took the opportunity to take a picture of you.
And all this has made you so excited,
that you decided to buy this fashion magazine.
This way you can show it to the whole world
and explain that maybe there will be a picture of you in it.
It is to be very satisfied.
They wouldn't give a card to a girl they weren't interested in,
and therefore you have a lot of numbers to end up in it.
The problem is that these agents looking for girls
are only on the high street.
And if you've passed by coming in the aquarium you've done a lot of turning around.
So, I'm sure you wanted to go somewhere specific before you came.
And, when you arrived and I saw your lips, I knew right away.
Yes, your lips are shiny.
What's that?
Lips?
And, since you never put any cream on,
you must have eaten something greasy.
Considering that on the main street
there are many fast food restaurants,

it could be that you had eaten a hamburger or something like that
because you hadn't had breakfast today and you were starving.
But, seeing how you're looking forward to going to the cafeteria here,
I'm guessing that's not the case.
So, the only possibility?
is that you tried samples of ready-made meals at the supermarket.
In that supermarket there are a lot of stalls
that always offer samples of precooked dishes,
and just today they are on sale.
You've probably gone to look at dishes for dinner,
because you know that when it's close to closing time,
they lower the prices of the products to sell everything.
If so, then...
"This means, for sure,
you'll want these dishes for your father's dinner tonight."
"But you're such a good cook
why would you buy precooked dishes?"
Well, because you're already meeting someone for dinner.
And of course, naturally, you'll wear the same clothes that you have...
and which have caught the eye of that fashion magazine agent
you ran into on Main Street.
Obviously, you won't be going to dinner with Sonoko,
who you've told me is cold,
and that means that the options that are out there,
seeing as you've looked at your cell phone messages before,
are down to one person, which is your mother.
Although it seems to me
that you also have some other reason for not being able to cook.
Oh, and even if you're running a little late,
like when you got caught up in having your picture taken with the magazine agent,
I don't want you to run again.
Eh?
Why is that?
Well, because...
because it won't test you.
Huh? (Laughs)
And may I ask why he won't test me, running?
Look, you listen to me.
Do not run and that's it.
Sorry, but my name is Ran, me.
Which in English means "to run".
I was born to run, you can not do anything.
Au!
Shut up, will you?
If you have to be like that...
Ran, go to the entrance and have an aquarium manager come.
Hurry up.
What's up?
Shinichi...
Let me through!
Let me through, please.
Hey, are you all right?
What happened to him?
Move over!
Give me some room, please.
"Bad business. I can't find a pulse."
"He has a heart wound."
"The murder weapon is the knife sticking out of this bag."
Shinichi!
A person in charge of the aquarium is here.
Please close off access to the facility right now...
and notify the police, please.
Hurry up!
What... call the police?
Okay...
Ran, you have to help me.
We have to make sure no one goes near the corpse.
Did you say "the corpse"?
Geez, don't tell me it's death, this guy.
Yes.
And he probably stabbed someone who was in the aquarium.
But how can that be?
We didn't hear any screams or anything, did we?
How did you know, then?
I smelled it.
Red blood cells contain a protein called haemoglobin.
which carries oxygen
and has iron as its main component.
If you've ever licked a wound
you will have noticed that it tastes like rusty iron.
Well, blood also has an iron-like smell.
Well, I haven't smelled any smell, to be honest.
Sharks do.
The shark's sense of smell is perfectly capable
of detecting a drop of blood diluted in 100 parts of water.
And it turns out that their hearing is even better.
They can hear an irregular, low-frequency sound,
of less than 40 hertz,
from a distance of more than two kilometers,
approach prey with their sense of smell,
determine its exact position and attack it.
When they smell blood, they go to the scene immediately....
and, with all their powers, determine who is responsible.
When they bite, they use their sharp teeth as evidence...
and they nail the perpetrator until he gives himself up.
Just like a detective.
Well, well, well,
so it's you, the guy who's been ordering everybody around...
and took possession of the crime scene.
Shinichi Kudo.
I just happened to be at the scene and couldn't be there.
I asked everyone if anyone had seen the murderer,
but unfortunately, no luck, I'm sorry.
Well... Did you come to the aquarium with your girlfriend, boy?
Ah... Ha-ha-ha!
This looks like it, doesn't it?
Hey, you're wrong.
We're not boyfriend and girlfriend.
I said it as a joke.

If we deny it so categorically, he will think that we really are.
And how can you be so calm?
A person was just killed right here.
It looks like the murder weapon
is this knife next to the body.
Apparently the killer stabbed her with this knife.
The perp probably stuffed it inside the bag
to prevent the blood from splashing on him.
And he probably stuck it in sideways
so that it would go straight to the heart without hitting the bones.
In addition, to prevent a large amount of blood from spurting out,
the murderer covered the knife with his jacket
and carefully extracted it.
Finally, he covered the wound with the jacket and left.
But the victim must well have called out, while she was being assaulted.
Therefore, surely there must have been a witness.
I don't think so.
If you look at the back of his head, you will understand why I say so.
They applied an electrical defense to her neck.
He was unconscious when the knife was plunged into him,
and that's why he didn't complain.
When I met her and examined him,
I saw that there was still a little blood flowing from him.
Therefore, I think she was stabbed a few minutes earlier.
By the way, the electric fender...
she had it in the inside pocket of her jacket.
Oh.
Wow.
The killer must have said:
"What weird fish is that at the bottom of the aquarium?"
because the victim turned around.
And then he must have put the electric fender to the back of her neck
the moment she leaned against the railing, and knocked her unconscious.
So there was no exaggerated movement
and the victim was left sitting unnoticed.
And the murderer was able to stab her without making any fuss.
So it is quite possible that the victim knew the killer.
There's no driver's license in her wallet.
or any identity document.
And, to go well, we should know the identity of the victim.
Ah, that's why he doesn't suffer.
I already know.
His name was Kunihito Shumoto and he was 26 years old.
He worked part-time at a gas station in Haido-cho.
Apparently, he had asked for a holiday at work today...
saying he had an errand to run.
But you know what I say?
It looks to me like he came here with his girlfriend.
A girl who's a meter 60,
who wears a miniskirt and likes dolphins a lot.
How... how do you know all this?
Very simple: I found a cell phone in the victim's pocket.
I picked a random number from her contact list
and called.
"Hello, I found this cell phone in the aquarium.
Could you tell me who it belongs to, please? "And that's it.
Once I had the victim's name, I asked:
"Could you tell me where he is, this person, so I can return it to him?"
And then I was told that he worked at a service station.
And then, of course, I called.
I told him that I didn't think it was right for him to do all this on his own.
That's all right.
Ah... yeah...
I told them that if they never got another call like this,
to call the police right away.
I did what I had to do, don't bother.
You're a case.
Did they tell you at the gas station, that I was dating this girl?
No, they didn't.
I found out from a receipt the victim had in her wallet.
It's a receipt from the cafeteria at this aquarium.
Time stamped 15 minutes before I found the body.
It's a receipt for the amount of two drinks:
a black tea and a coffee.
Therefore, it is evident that he was accompanied.
The time is 5 minutes before the dolphin show started,
which seems to indicate
that they went to the cafeteria to make some time.
The other item on the receipt is a keychain in the shape of a dolphin,
but the victim didn't have one on him.
Therefore, the only possibility I can think of?
is that he gave it to his girlfriend, who is very fond of dolphins.
And the girl is 5'6" and wearing a miniskirt,
How do you know, smartass?
This will be a little more difficult for you to understand.
What do you mean by that?
What a face!
How... how did you know all these details?
If you look closely, the victim's shoulder, elbow and leg...
make a particular smell, of a woman's perfume.

The places where women wear perfume are behind the ears,
on the back of the hair, on the wrists, the waist,
the edge of the skirt, the ankles,
and somewhere else on a case-by-case basis.
Therefore, if the victim smells of perfume,
it means that she was carrying her companion.
The perfume he has on his shoulder
is what she was wearing behind her ear and in her hair.
The victim is approximately 5'10",
and looking at where we found the perfume,
the girl would be about 5'6" or so.
But, if we take into account that she was possibly wearing heels,
because she was meeting her boyfriend, we subtract about 4 or 5 centimeters,
and thus we know that she is approximately one meter 60.
The perfume on the victim's elbow is because the girl was wearing it on her wrist,
and the perfume on the thigh must have been what she was wearing on her skirt.
And, from the girl's height,
we can deduce that she was wearing a miniskirt, as I said before.
But what happens is that, normally,
people put perfume on one part of the body, not everywhere.
You mean the girl is not used to wearing perfume, right?
It could be, but not necessarily.
Maybe what happens is that she always wears the same perfume
and her sense of smell is already used to it, and she thinks she should wear more.
Her mother told me.
So now you know, when you wear perfume,
make sure you don't put on too much.
You don't have to do anything, you!
But what I don't understand is how this girl could disappear.
Her boyfriend has just been murdered.
It could be... that they started dating recently
and she wants nothing to do with it.
Or it could even be that she's the one who stabbed her.
Hurry up, come on,
we need to get the cell phones and cameras of the people in there.
With any luck,
someone might have accidentally recorded the moment of the stabbing.
We can't rule out that possibility.
Yes, we can.
Could be.
Wow, you!
Shinichi, there are over 100 cell phones here!
Will we have to check the images of all these phones?
On top of that, most of the photos and videos are of fish.
Sure, that's normal.
What's that?
How come they've been ringing one after another?
Because before you came
I sent a message to all the victim's contacts.
Now I'm calling one by one to all the cell phones
of the people who didn't respond to the message I sent.
When I told them that the police would look at all the cell phones,
I made sure they were all left on.
And now we just have to have these 3 people come in, see what they say.
We'll ask them why they ignored the victim's message.
And see what they tell us.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Naho's ex has been killed, you say?
It's been a year since we left him and since then we haven't seen much of each other.
We haven't known each other very long.
In fact, it's only been a week.
Hey, Ran, could you leave me your cell phone, please?
Don't make me lose it.
After all the trouble I went through to get my father to understand...
"Now I get it. That's why he chose this place, the killer."
"Don't miss the next episode:
Shinichi Kudo's incident at the aquarium (part two)"

