(Shinichi voice) "Before it was Conan Edogawa,
"Ran told me to stay at the Beika Aquarium
"To prepare the so-called 'project of the two lovers.
"Who meet again at the aquarium by chance ',
which was to serve as a way for their estranged parents to reconcile."
"But, then..."
"The lines of the hand are wicks,
the line of the heart lights the fire of deduction."
"Cell phone recorded videos in the underwater hallway."
"A curious character reveals the truth."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
kanjou.
Kanpeki ni lose control
baguru Utto ushisa ni.
Heki eki wakatteru.
Sutansu, sutansu, sutansu, sutansu....
Itsuwari ID
gen'in suisoku shite mo
tousou hon'nou zenkai umaku wa waraenai.
Sutensu, sutensu, sutensu.
Chansu tsukamasu sutansu, yeah.
Reeru no nai michi Go!
Dare ni mo tomerarenai Kono kimochi!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Kokoro ga sawagu.
I'M blowing up, I'M blowing up.
Owarasenaide.
Mirai ga mieru I'M gonna be your dynamite.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Buttobe your dynamite!
(Conan voice) "Shinichi Kudo's incident at the aquarium.
(Second part)."
(Woman) I've been scared to death.
We've known each other very recently.
In fact, it's only been a week.
I immediately had the feeling
that something strange was going on.
But I thought I'd better stay out of it.
Wow, she's wearing a miniskirt, she's wearing perfume and she must be about 5'6".
You see?
So, if I understand correctly,
you're confirming that the victim came in the aquarium with you, right?
Yes, I told him that I really liked dolphins,
and he told me to meet him to come to this aquarium.
So you saw the dolphin show today?
Yes, I saw it.
We both went.
After a while he said that he had to go to the bathroom for a while,
but he didn't come back.
I waited a long time for him,
and in the end I went to look for him to boo, but...
a little more and I'm scared to death!
I found him sitting on the floor, bleeding.
But then I had... another good scare...
when I saw that someone was calling me from his cell phone.
After what had happened, with the stabbing and all that,
I thought it was not safe and that it was better not to answer the call.
I even thought
that I was being called by the person who had murdered him
and that now he was looking for me to kill me, too.
And how did you think he wanted to kill you?
Well, because these days he was talking on the cell phone
about things that didn't make me laugh.
He said: "Don't worry, I'll get the money", and things like that.
Don't tell me that you suspect me, because I had nothing to do with it!
Besides, I have a video that proves it perfectly.
I recorded it while watching the dolphin show.
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Wow, the ones in front got soaked! What a laugh!"
The dolphin show was over at 12 o'clock.
From the information I got, they killed it before 12 o'clock, right?
Yes.
Well, I have recorded the show until the end.
And the woman who sits talking to the video is me.
Yes..., I guess you're right.
So, I have an alibi, don't I?
The man who was found dead was Kunihito Shumoto?
Could you explain to me what relationship you had with the victim?
He was my ex-boyfriend.
It's been a year since we broke up and we haven't seen much of each other since then.
And why didn't you take the call from his number?
Because he was calling me every now and then to get back together.
And, besides, today I came in the aquarium with the guy I'm with now,
that's why I've had my cell phone turned off.
Question...
Have you been with your current boyfriend the whole time?
Yes, of course I have.
It's this guy in the picture.
You can ask him, if you want.
It's just that the testimony of a sentimental partner...
Ah, come to think of it, at the time he was murdered...
I was recording a video.
What?!
Oh, really?
Really?
It's been going on for more than 10 minutes and nothing is happening here, so far.

Mm?
Wait, he's coming.
"Ran, go to the entrance and have someone responsible for the aquarium come."
I can see that.
There's you and me, in the video!
(Boy) "What's wrong now?"
This is my boyfriend.
"Something happened. Do you want us to go see him?"
"No, I pass. I don't want to know anything."
Indeed, this video was recorded by you.
I have no doubt about it.
And what were you doing here in Kunihito?
Coincidentally, he was also at the aquarium.
It seems he wanted to see the dolphin show with his girlfriend.
Oh, I get it.
Then it's very likely that he called me for this.
He wanted to introduce me to the girl he was dating.
Let's see, you must be...
the romantic partner of Miss Naho Ojiro.
Yes, that's right.
But-but how do you know?
I know because she just told me.
And she also let me know that before she went out with you
she was dating the man who was murdered today.
Huh?
That Naho's ex was murdered, you say?
Is that so?
You knew him, her ex?
For the reaction, it seems so.
No, and now, the least.
He had not spoken to me.
Well, I'm a little surprised,
because we found his contact on his cell phone.
And when I sent him an email a while ago, he ignored it, didn't he?
Oh, the one that said "contact me right away, please"?
I've deleted it, because lately I've been getting...
a lot of spam messages from the same sender.
They're all the same style:
"If you want to know my unconfessable secret, click here".
They seem to be of sexual content.
So, all these messages were sent to me by Naho's ex?
Indeed.
At the time the crime was committed,
I understand that you were also recording a video, like her.
Yes.
Let me see if I can find it.
Mm?
Is this what you want to say?
"Ran, go to the entrance and have someone responsible for the aquarium come!"
"Hurry up!"
(Boy) "What's the matter now?"
(Girl) "Something has happened. Do you want us to go and see?"
- "As you wish, then."
- "No, I'll pass. I don't want to know anything."
Before this bit, I recorded a lot of video without interruption.
We have a blog and we wanted a video of the aquarium, so that's why we did it.
Inspector Megure,
we took the videos that other visitors to the aquarium have recorded,
compared them with Ms. Nakagiri's video
and found no discrepancy.
Mmm... knowledgeable.
(Thinking) "What I don't understand
"Is why the murderer has chosen precisely this tunnel
to commit the crime."
"He could have chosen a corridor with conventional fish tanks."
"They are darker and the witnesses would only have seen his silhouette."
"Why should he have chosen such a well-lit tunnel?"
Hey, Ran, could I borrow your cell phone, please?
It's just that I left my one at home.
Yeah, but be careful and don't make me lose it.
After all the trouble I went through to get my father to understand it...
Don't worry about it.
Would you mind turning your back?
What?!
Turn me on my back?
What the...?
Oh, you'll understand.
Whoever understands you should buy you!
I just want to know what's so special about that tunnel.
It's obvious.
What's so special about it is that, no matter where you look,
all you see is fish and more fish,
and it seems like you're at the bottom of the sea.
That's why I chose it.
Because it's very romantic, it's ideal for couples.
Eh?
Shinichi!
(Thinking) "Now I get it!"
"That's why he chose this place, the killer."
"He has chosen because he wanted to recreate the bottom of the sea!"
(Woman) Excuse me, but I don't understand anything!
How is it that he has let all the other visitors go away
and only left the three of us?
I showed you the video that proves that I have an alibi!
And I showed you the video I shot.
That's right.
Yes, and I showed you mine.
I wanted to talk to them about it.
Because it turns out that among these three videos
there is one that attracts a lot of attention.
A video that practically points to the person responsible
for having committed this murder.
-Eh!
-Huh?
I hope you're not going to tell me that's the video
I shot of the dolphin show!
In fact, there's no way to get it, your video.

Eh?
It's all blurry and the sound quality is horrendous.
It's not even worth watching.
What's my fault?
Of course it is.
I don't know any more!
And it's normal, because she's just an amateur.
On the other hand, the video that Mr. Jinbe has recorded is a marvel.
It is very well done.
He has perfectly caught the shark swimming with elegance.
Wait a minute!
Am I going to kill them for making a good video?
Not necessarily.
It only indicates that you have experience, shooting videos.
Besides, you can tell right away...
that you have made an effort so that he wanted to post it on his blog.
The video I am referring to is quite different.
It is precisely what his girlfriend, Naho Ojiro, has recorded.
Now I will show it to you in more detail.
This is the video recorded by Mr. Jinbe,
and this one is what Ms. Ojiro recorded.
There is nothing that catches your attention?
But... what exactly do you mean?
My is recorded horizontally, and she recorded it vertically.
Yes, that's true.
Normally, if you want to film an elongated fish,
you make the video horizontal,
like Mr. Jinbe's that we just saw,
and this way you can frame the whole body.
Miss Ojiro, on the other hand, has made a vertical video.
And, as expected,
the shark immediately leaves the frame and disappears.
It's just that... Well, in fact, I wasn't at all interested in filming the shark.
Yes, but it's not the only strange thing.
When someone is taking a photo or recording a video,
people usually try not to put it in front of them and,
when they notice it, they move away.
You can see it perfectly in the video recorded by Mr. Jinbe.
On the other hand, in Ms. Ojiro's video...
people are constantly passing in front of the lens
without any consideration.
It's exactly as if... people don't know that they are recording a video,
as if they don't realize it.
And it's normal, that they don't know.
A-that's because...
Because it turns out that he didn't have the cell phone in his hand.
In fact, she put it in her boyfriend's cap...
and left it recording the whole time.
A white cell phone on a white cap:
if you don't look very closely, it goes totally unnoticed.
By placing the cell phone like this,
Miss Ojiro could record images
as if she were behind her boyfriend.
And the underwater tunnel was the ideal place,
because there are fish in front and behind,
here you can see fish everywhere.
So no matter where the camera lens is pointed,
there are always fish in the picture.
But he must have noticed, he had a cell phone in his cap, right?
Not necessarily.
He may have told you that he had something in his cap,
and with this excuse...
he took it out, put the cell phone in it and put it back on.
Besides, the cell phone can be taken out in a jiffy.
If you remember, there is a moment in the video that is quite blurry.
It's when he pulled the cell phone out of the cap.
But it's funny, because people are constantly turning their heads.
How can it be that the video moves so little, then?
It's very simple to explain.
Look, look closely.
He must be wearing a collar because of a cervical injury.
That's why he practically never turns his head at any time.
How... how could you know that I'm wearing the collar?
Earlier, when I called out to her from the side of the table,
I noticed that she didn't move her head, but turned her body towards me.
And, when I was looking for the video I had recorded,
he brought his cell phone up to eye level.
That's why I assumed that he had an injury in the cervical area and that he couldn't lower his head.
and that he couldn't lower his head.
So, while he was recording the video without knowing it,
Miss Ojiro committed the crime?
That's right.
They had met in the tunnel and first she knocked him unconscious...
...with the electric fender.
Then he killed her by stabbing her through the heart with a knife.
And after that, all he had to do was go and get the cell phone...
...from Mr. Jinbe's cap.
But you could say it's a miracle no one saw it.
She was probably dressed in such a way that she couldn't be recognized.
If, for example, she takes off her jacket,
hikes up her skirt and puts on a cap,
she looks very much like someone else.
Once out of this tunnel, there is very little light.

Therefore, it is easy to change clothes without being noticed.
Too bad that, in all this maneuvering,
you forgot to change the most important piece of clothing.
That is..., the glove he's still wearing.
It turns out that it is reversible,
and he's put it on backwards because he wants to hide something.
Just as I thought,
he still has the victim's blood on the fingers of his right hand.
How... how did you know that?
Well, because of that picture with her boyfriend that she showed me earlier.
As for the rest of the clothes, it's obvious that the photo was taken today,
but you can see a glove of a different color.
People don't usually wear two pairs of gloves on them.
In addition, this photo clearly shows....
that he did it with his right hand.
When he gave the cell phone to the inspector,
he also did it with his right hand.
Everything seems to indicate that he is a right-winger.
But, after taking off his glove, I saw that he was handling the cell phone with his right hand,
I saw that he was handling the cell phone with his left hand.
If we take into account all these details,
and if we add the fact that inside that plastic bag
that has been used to kill the victim there were traces of blood,
all indications lead me to this conclusion.
You see, all crimes always leave a trail.
We will have these traces of blood analyzed.
If they have to have it analyzed, let it be done immediately!
I can't take it anymore!
I want to wash away the blood of that individual as soon as I can!
You mean..., you killed him, Naho?
Yes, it was me.
She threatened me by telling me that she would spread some compromising pictures of me
on the internet because I had dumped her.
She also told me...
that she had even sent a few of them to you, on your cell phone.
Wow.
Now I understand why I was getting all those emails.
Yeah, that's right.
If you'd opened them,
you would have found a bunch of compromising photos of me.
But luckily you're going to delete all the emails without opening them.
Where did you get it, my email?
The day I went to his house to tell him I wanted to leave him,
I went to the toilet,
and he was supposed to take advantage of that time to look at my cell phone
and look for the information of some contacts.
He told me, "If you don't want me to send compromising pictures to your boyfriend,
your work and your family, you'll have to pay.
I'm up to my neck in debt and I need money".
And I decided to spread his blood,
before he spread all those pictures of me.
But I see that I screwed up.
If he had not turned my glove so that I had it stained with blood,
I would have gotten away without arousing suspicion.
No.
It would have been obvious, even if the glove had not been turned.
In Mr. Jinbe's video, if you look closely...
you will see that she was wearing gloves on both hands.
Also, she could be seen operating the cell phone with her left hand,
and she was wearing her gloves turned around.
It's very hard to operate a touchscreen with gloves on.
And this proves beyond a shadow of a doubt
that she was wearing them because she needed them for the crime she was about to commit.
he was about to commit.
It's a very simple deduction.
I think we'd better let it go,
this project of your parents',
after everything that happened at the aquarium today.
Maybe so.
What do you say?
Wow!
Now it's starting to rain!
Well, we can run or we'll get wet!
Hey, I told you before not to run!
And why can't I run?
Oh!
Oh, my cell phone!
Wow!
But what was I doing, my cell phone, in the hood?
I'm sorry, really!
I was doing tests to find out
where the murderer had put the cell phone to record the video,
and I didn't remember anymore that she had put it in your hood.
And now how are you going to fix this?
My father had just bought me!
Don't worry, woman, I'll buy you another one someday.
You're insufferable!
Whenever I go with you, everything goes wrong.
Even in the United States I spent the day surrounded by crime!
Okay, well, what do you say...
if we go to Tropical Land?
If you want, I can take you one day.
To Tropical Land, you say?
(Thinking) "That sounds great! I'd really like to go."
It looks like they're opening one in Tokyo soon.
I don't think there's any crime or anything in a theme park.
Okay, we can go one of these days.
What a ?
But you have to invite me to everything.

Look, if I win the Tokyo karate championship, you invite me.
Ep, wait a minute.
Last year you were the runner-up, right?
And I understand that the one who won has already left the club.
It's all the same.
You promised me, period!
So, you have a good chance.
Eh ?!
(Thinking) "With the pay I get, I don't know how I'm going to do it."
Come to think of it, if you're going to buy me a cell phone,
you might as well buy me that sea cucumber figurine
they sell at Beika's aquarium.
At your command!
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Think) "Even though I said it to him a little jokingly,
in the end he bought it for me."
"Anyway, I don't know what he felt, for me, back then."
"I'm not sure if at that time he also..."
"Gee, no... I can't wait to ask him!"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
(Cell phone)
"Shinichi's cell phone?"
"Eh? A call from Ran?!"
"Oh, Ran... What's up?"
Hello, Shinichi.
You'll never guess where I am, right now.
I'm at Beika's aquarium.
Do you remember we went there one day, both of us?
"Oh, yeah. That while we were there, a man was stabbed, right?"
Yes...
Listen, I'm calling to ask you something, Shinichi.
If you don't mind, I'd like you to tell me...
what you were thinking, when you told me...?
(Shinichi's voice) Ah, you mean when...
when I told you what I didn't want to run?
Don't... don't- don't you mean that?
"Eh?"
Ah, yes, that too, but in fact....
(thinks) "That's true, that also left me intrigued."
"That day you told me that you had looked at a message from your mother
and that you hadn't responded to the one from Sonoko, right?"
"Besides, you were using your left hand."
"You probably had an injury to your right hand
and you couldn't do something as complicated
like replying to a text message."
"Since you didn't take off your glove at any point,
I assumed you were wearing a bandage on your hand."
"But, like, you were so excited about the championship,
and you were saying you were going to win it, you probably just sprained it."
"That's true. I had injured it in karate training."
"But why did you tell me not to run?"
I told you because, with the injured finger, it was impossible....
"...that you could fasten your bra."
What?!
"Woman, you only have the ones that fasten from the back..."
"And how do you know that?!"
(Shinichi voice) Very easy:
because I was sitting behind you in class, and whenever you pulled yourself forward,
I saw it, even if I didn't want to.
And I don't think I would have put you the fool of your father, frankly.
Sonoko had a cold, and I find it very, very hard to believe...
that you went to your mother's house just to tell her to remember you.
In short, you weren't wearing a bra that day.
If you run without a bra, your breasts bounce like hell,
and Cooper's ligaments, which support them straight,
stretch and start to sag.
You're such an ass!
I'm wearing sports bras that don't buckle!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Oops, that's right!"
"I didn't remember what I wore when we played sports!"
"And if it turns out that I want to wear the ones that fasten....,
I just have to remember them here in front of me
and then turn me back, like this!
"Look at the things you make me say, you idiot!"
Oops..., now I've hung up.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow..., why did he call me?"
(Man) And this other one here is "Anxiety".
What do you mean?
(Mobile: male) "The truck that was carrying 'The Scream',
has swerved and disappeared!"
(Mitsuhiko) It's like it's a comic strip.
(Shinichi voice) It was because of the possible theft of Munch's "The Scream", wasn't it?
What's more, a crime has been committed.
But how do you know that?
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The Scream' by Munch disappears."

