-All right.
-Aixequem-la slowly.
So this painting is Munch's "Despair"?
That's right.
And this other one here... is "Anxiety".
Excuse me, who is the curator of the Suzuki Museum?
-It's me, my name is Numajiri.
Here you are.
The photos I took of the two paintings before they were loaded on the plane.
Thank you.
Let's check it out.
The painting of "The Scream" will arrive at Haneda Airport, right?
Mm-hm, and since this painting is being left by a different museum,
the procedure we follow is also different.
And what is Mr. Numajiri doing now?
Well... he's checking that there hasn't been any damage.
The snapshots print right away.
And since they are printed, it is no longer possible to manipulate them.
This is not the case with conventional digital cameras.
That's why we still use them today.
Mr. Suzuki,
I haven't detected any flaws in "Despair" or "Anxiety".
Understood.
You can pack them up again.
I agree.
Well, Mr. Suzuki,
now I'm going to Haneda to check the other painting, "The Scream".
Understood.
Thank you. Thank you.
Did you notice?
They pack them very carefully.
Oh, so much...
That's because each painting is worth many millions, tens of millions.
Oi, Mr. Shimamura?
Well, the president of the transport company!
-You're welcome.
-Thank you for coming personally.
It's our job.
And besides, I really like Munch.
To be able to transport 3 of his most representative works
is an honor for me.
That truck is carrying "Anxiety" and "Despair", isn't it?
Eh, it sounds a bit sinister, doesn't it?
- (phone)
-Ha-ha-ha!
- "I'm in Numajiri."
-Yes, say?
What, did it arrive safely, "The Scream"?
"Yes. I've checked everything and there was no problem, Mr. Suzuki."
"You're on your way to the museum now."
Very well, thank you.
You can go there, too.
"Okay."
I knew there was a work called "The Scream."
but "Anxiety" and "Despair" I hadn't heard of.
Yes, because "The Scream" is Munch's best known work.
And it would probably also be his favorite....
as he went on to create 5 versions:
an oil, two pastels,
a lithograph and a tempera painting.
And I'm sure you would have liked to have exhibited
all 5 versions of "The Scream" in your exhibition, wouldn't you?
Hm.
But one of these marvelous works belongs to a private individual....
and, even though I insisted that he let us have it, he said no.
That's why I decided to present "El grito", "Desesperación" and "Ansiedad"...
as the star pieces of the exhibition.
And why did you choose these three, precisely?
You will understand when you see them together.
(Phone)
Yes, hello?
(Numajiri) "Aah! Mr. Suzuki! I have some bad news!"
" 'The scream'! 'The scream' has disappeared!"
What what?!
What do you mean?!
"The truck that was transporting 'The Scream'...
suddenly swerved and disappeared!"
Eh?
"The years we've spent together are a springboard."
"And we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
"Thanks to a brilliant deduction
we solve the mystery of the masterpieces!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Munch's 'The Scream' disappears."
(Man) Hello?
Oh, Mr. Suzuki!
Yes, I just spoke to the transportation company.
Yes.
No, they say they're on their way here as scheduled.
Yes.
"They just left the checkpoint. They're running a little late."

But Numajiri, who was right behind him,
says they've veered off course.
"Okay, I'll call en Numajiri right away, Mr. Suzuki."
But what is a checkpoint?
Yes, please!
Well, it's a place where the truck stops briefly...
to check that the cargo is OK.
Mr. Suzuki!
Numajiri, are you here already?
It looks like you're just a little late.
-No, not yet.
-Are you here yet, "The Scream"?
I was just going to check "Despair" and "Anxiety".
All right, you go on it.
I have to go to the director's office.
I have to go to the principal's office.
-Here.
-Do you have the photos of the packaging? -Yeah.
That's strange.
At the airport I didn't notice,
but the packages were packed differently.
Yes, they must have been packed by different people.
And now that I think about it, you two weren't at Narita airport, were you?
No.
We made the stretch from the checkpoint to here.
Oh, and the checkpoint you were able to check the packaging?
Yes.
Just one person who hadn't touched them yet.
And there you also changed the drivers of the truck, didn't you?
Yes, both drivers.
Ah.
But, if "El grito" has been stolen, we have to do something immediately.
The transport company has confirmed to us
that everything was going as planned...
But, Mr. Suzuki,
I was following the truck carrying "The Scream"...
and it disappeared in front of me!
-I just checked and they are fine.
-And how are the other two works?
Mr. Suzuki.
If they really have stolen "The Scream",
we won't just have a serious economic problem!
Yes, you're right, it could be international in scope!
-Let's see, this is "Anxiety".
-Just one more to go.
-Eh?
That "The Scream" has disappeared?!
-Anxiety?
I don't get it...
Xsst!
But don't raise your voice so much, Sonoko.
Shouldn't we contact you know who?
No, you donkey... You know who.
With the police?
Eh?
(Thinking) "God-goddamnit, Sonoko, you're always the same."
What do you think?
You mean they've stolen it?
I don't know yet.
But you know what?
If it's stolen, it's a very serious case.
And there's something that worries me...
(Mobile: buzzing)
(Ringtone)
But why don't you pick it up, Shinichi?
Hello, Father...
Mr. Suzuki, if it really has been stolen...
the longer we take to do something, the harder it will be to get it back!
Mr. Suzuki!
We should immediately report it to the police!
-Come in.
- (door: knock)
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I understand there have been problems with the transportation of the paintings.
Excuse me, I inadvertently felt as if you were talking...
Mr. Shimamura,
where is the truck that was supposed to bring "The Scream" here?
Mr. Suzuki!
"The Scream"!
"The Scream" is here!
It's here!
What?!
-No problem, sir.
-What do you say?
It's the real thing.
Of course it is.
I was very surprised when he told me they thought it had been stolen.
But you arrived more than 30 minutes later than the other two.
Don't you think it's normal, that we were worried?
Mr. Director, excuse me, but there's a clause in the contract
that stipulates that there may be delays depending on the state of traffic.
I am aware of that, Mr. Shimamura.
We got scared right away, we're sorry to have disturbed you.
Please excuse us.
But could you explain to us why you have deviated from your route?
But we followed the route indicated by the navigator,
we have no record of having deviated from the route.
Eh?
"A famous work of art has been stolen!"
You made me come here for nothing!
Yes, and I've already apologized, right?
Well, what else do you want me to do?
That's not how you apologize!
Hm.
Eh?
Nano, what are you doing?
Uh... This is the truck that transported "The Scream", right?
Yes, exactly.
I was the one driving it.
Oh, was it?
And you followed the route marked by the navigator all the time?
Of course I did.
I followed the route previously recorded by the company.
Could I see the saved route?
(Pip, pip)
I don't understand.
The route has been deleted.
Eh?

Maybe your assistant, in Tanaka, has deleted it.
But, the navigators keep the record...
of the streets that have been followed, don't they?
Do they?
Yes.
Let's look at the history.
Huh?
From here to here... it looks like they've teleported.
Yeah, we've lost connection with the satellite.
Yeah, that must be why.
Navigators use satellite signals...
so they can pinpoint the exact location of your vehicle on the map.
That's why if you're moving through an area
where the satellite signal doesn't reach,
sometimes the route you have taken may not be marked on the navigator.
We call this "losing the satellite".
Aaah...
But you said
that you had made the change of drivers at the checkpoint, right?
Yes.
And where exactly was the checkpoint?
Well, uh... Eh!
Just where the satellite signal is lost.
This way.
Ah.
And they take pictures too, at the checkpoint, right?
Of course they do.
They're to check that there's no damage to the packaging.
Look, this is "Despair" and this is "Anxiety".
Yes.
I have it here.
And where's "The Scream"?
And... they undo the packaging, the checkpoint?
No, of course they don't.
This means that the packaging is what's been done at the airport, right?
Yes, I suppose so.
Hm.
(Genta) And don't you think that these pictures are all from the same place?
(Suzuki) Exactly.
The three paintings have the same background landscape
and the composition is the same in all three.
(Mitsuhiko) Eh?
(Mitsuhiko) It's like a comic strip.
Very good observation.
Here you have exactly the triptych that, in fact, I wanted to exhibit.
What is a triptych?
Three works that are exhibited together so that they complement each other.
-(Mitsuhiko) What, have you discovered something?
- (Mitsuhiko) I get it.
(Mitsuhiko) More or less.
And why should he call so, this poor man?
(Numajiri) It's that in fact he doesn't call himself.
He's feeling a scream, that's why he's covering his ears.
And where does this scream come from, so loud that it makes him cover his ears?
Munch in his diary explained this picture very well:
"The sky... turned as red as blood.
Then I saw them.
Tongues of flame covered the coastal city...
like a bloody sword.
It was as if a fierce field of dark blue...
covered the fjord and the city.
Suddenly tired,
I stopped and leaned against the railing heavily.
My friends continued walking
and I stood trembling with anguish and fear.
Then I heard it.
An endless scream that pierced the wilderness".
I am sure that all this took place inside the head of the brilliant painter.
It is said that Munch, already at that time,
had a serious mental illness.
The thief has left a record in the navigator
so that it looks like what happened didn't really happen.
Hey, guys, it's time to go home.
Hey ?!
(Mobile)
Oh, it's Shinichi.
Hey, hello.
If it's about the call a while ago, don't worry, we've already solved it.
(Shinichi voice) It was about the possible theft of Munch's "The Scream", right?
Oh!
But how do you know?
Because nothing happened, in the end it was just a mistake.
No, no way.
It was no mistake.
What's more: a crime has been committed!
"Very well."
"Thank you for stopping what you were doing and coming here."
"Let's get started."
Oysters...
"Please take a good look at the pictures you will now be shown."
"These are the paintings 'Despair' and 'Anxiety',
packed at Narita airport."
"And this is the one of 'The Scream'
when it has been packed at Haneda Airport."
If you look closely you can see that "Despair" and "Anxiety"
have been packed at Narita Airport in two different ways.
This is probably because they have been packed by different people.
"Exactly."
"And who has packed 'Despair' at Narita Airport?"
"Despair" was packed by the president and an employee,
while "Anxiety" was packed by two different employees.
All right, so now watch "The Scream."
which was packed at Haneda Airport.
Oh!
It's packed exactly the same!
"Exactly."
"How is it that 'Despair' and 'The Scream,

"That they were at two different airports,
they packed exactly the same way?"
Well, that would be because the employee who had Haneda
happens to pack the paintings the same way I do.
Well, you understand.
Please, let's see, the driver who transported "The Scream"...
Yes?
"Who was the person
who checked the packaging of 'The Scream' at the checkpoint?"
Well, uh... it was President Shimamura.
"Are you sure?"
Yes.
I'm sure.
When we arrived to pick up the work,
we met the president who was inspecting the packaging.
The drivers who brought "The Scream" to the checkpoint where they were?
I guess they must have had to make some other delivery,
because they were gone.
"That is, when you guys arrived at the checkpoint,
Mr. Shimamura was just checking the packaging, right?"
Yes, that's right!
What's the problem?
"It has come to my attention
that the checkpoint was made a change of drivers."
"It's not such a long distance, and yet the change was made."
And I wonder: was it really necessary?
Well, is that...
"Now, please observe the navigator that the Ai has in his hands."
"We asked the drivers
to copy the data and send it to us."
"Could you please tell us where the checkpoint was?"
Right where the satellite signal is lost.
Exactly, right where the satellite signal is lost.
In other words, the truck carrying "The Scream"...
could have veered off its route here
because we've totally lost track of it.
Oh!
I was right behind him and that's exactly where I lost sight of it!
Huh?
You were after him?
Just a moment's attention!
There's something wrong.
If they've deviated from their route
it's impossible for them to have reached the checkpoint.
"I would expect nothing less from a great detective. Exactly."
He-he!
"Yes, but anyway....
the packaging of 'The Scream' has been duly checked."
Easy enough.
I don't get it, what do you mean?
That the checkpoint was at a place off the marked route.
What?
And how can this be?
"May I ask the two drivers
to move the whole group at the checkpoint, please?"
Eh?
Conan!
So you were with Shinichi, huh?
Where is Shinichi?
Yes, he had to leave, he had to take care of another case.
He left...?
What?
How can he be so irresponsible?
You can say that...
then make you come to the president of the transport company's home.
What?
To the president's house?
What?
May I know what's going on?
Ah, Shinichi told me to ask Mr. Mouri,
he's probably already found out what happened.
Is it true?
Is it true?
You've already found out?
Well, the truth is...
Aaah...
Eh!
In Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) Let's see, drivers,
confirm that you have transported "The Scream" to this checkpoint?
Yes.
Yes, we have.
But what happens is that... I didn't...
I had no idea it was the president's house.
I guess it would be the first time
they'd made the trip from the airport to the museum.
That's probably why you chose them, isn't it, Mr. Shimamura?
Oh, that's right.
You probably must have known for a long time
that in this area, which includes the house,
the satellite signal is lost.
He must have known that.
On the new route he traced
the satellite signal is lost on the navigator.
And for quite a while.
And he programmed the navigator in such a way
that when they arrived at the destination the route would automatically erase.
Of course, and only the record of the loss of the signal would remain.
Once they got here, the president opened the packaging of "El grito"...
and then repacked it.
That's why they were packed in the same way!
But I don't understand, why should he do something like that, the president?
- (acoustic signal)
-Do... well, because...
(Man) Port a package.
For Mr. Shimamura.
What do you want, this one?
Mr. Shimamura!
Mr. Shimamura!
Excuse me, I opened and took the package for you!
Ah!
But what's this?
It... I-I-I-I'm so sorry...

I get it, you unpacked the package...
just to take this picture with the painting.
I'm sorry, I just really like Munch!
And especially this painting.
And that's why,
when my company was commissioned to transport the original "The Scream"...
I couldn't resist the temptation of planning
how to hang it on the wall of my house to take a picture of me.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
-I am very sorry!
-This is a very serious matter!
These things cannot be done, Mr. Chairman.
This is a crime of misappropriation.
We must report it.
Wait a moment.
Mr. Shimamura, in the picture behind him on the wall,
the picture of sunflowers, whose picture is it?
It's the first sunflower painting Van Gogh painted in Arles.
When I was young I worked in the United States.
And I was allowed to have this picture taken
as a souvenir for having transported this work.
Really?
By this you mean that you know the owner of this painting?
Eh?
Ah... Yes.
And in fact, we still keep in touch.
Perfect, then!
This is fantastic because I want to collect all of Van Gogh's sunflowers,
which are scattered all over the world.
I plan to organize an exhibition to show them all together.
When I have finished preparing it I would like....
I would like you to ask the owner of these sunflowers
to let me borrow them for the exhibition.
If you do me that favor, Mr. Shimamura,
I'll forget this whole unpleasant incident.
-Very well, then, that's it!
-And so it is!
With pleasure!
Ha-ha-ha!
"By the way, the exhibition of the 6 sunflowers of Van Gogh,
was made and was very successful in Japan."
"But this story... we'll explain it another time."
"Hey? Hey, Mouri? Can you feel me? Listen."
"It's clear that Mr. Mouri has been here."
(gunshot)
Police! (gunshot)
(Gunshot) Stop!
Nobody move, okay?
"They were planning to flee through the sewers."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The great detective, between a rock and a hard place (part one) '."

