"The years we've spent together are a springboard."
"And we go full speed ahead without slowing down."
"The key to a case never seen is a mysterious mirage."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"The mirage of the vanishing angel"
(Kogoro) Very well, then.
If I understand correctly,
you want me to help you look for your missing husband.
Yes.
Look, I've brought a photograph.
His name is Satoru Aoki.
He's a painter.
It's not the first time he's gone off to paint without telling me where
and disappears for a few days, but...
until two days ago we were in contact
and he was telling me about the progress he was making.
Every day he would send me pictures of the picture he was painting.
I get it.
And the day before yesterday he stopped receiving.
Yes.
This is the last picture he sent me.
Yes, but there's something strange.
How beautiful!
Mm?
Oh, is it?
What do you mean?
My husband only paints real things that he can see with his eyes.
But this landscape looks like from another planet, right?
Yes, you're right.
Maybe he's decided to change his style.
I know him, that.
I know where your husband is.
Oh, what a beautiful beach!
What a beautiful beach!
Are you sure, it's here?
I hope you're not mistaken.
No.
This bluish glow in the picture
is a natural phenomenon caused by the firefly squid.
It can only be seen in Toyama Bay,
and it is the result of thousands of firefly squid
washed up on the beach by the waves.
Lately, the phenomenon has been seen in this area of the bay.
What a lot of things you know for such a little guy!
Here we are.
I saw it in a documentary.
Where to start looking for Mr. Aoki?
For starters, let's ask the lodgings in the area.
(Woman: squeals)
(Woman: shrieks) Oh!
It's my husband!
Satoru!
The victim is painter Satoru Aoki, age 52.
(Woman: good.)
Well, I guess it took us a little while to identify the body.
Yes, we were very lucky.
It turns out that his wife
had come looking for him with this private detective.
I'm Detective Kogoro Mouri.
How do you do?
Mouri?
Of course, the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
-Yes, probably.
-How did he die?
Did he drown?
According to the coroner, he died yesterday...
sometime between 8 pm and 11 pm.
If I remember correctly, the sea was pretty rough.
Yes.
Also, we found this in the body's pocket.
You mean he'd had too much to drink?
According to his wife, the victim had a leg injury.
Because of this, he was limping a little when he walked.
If he was drunk, it's likely he slipped and fell into the sea.
Look.
I don't think so.
Here, on the right cheek, he has a blue that looks like the sign of a time.
Maybe he took a blow when he fell.
It's also possible that someone punched him during a fight.
-Don't be a gossip and get out.
Huh? (chuckles)
-Yeah. -Yeah.
Who is that man?
His name is Chuji Ishiguro, he's a fisherman from the village.
He's a hard worker, but he's a brawler.
(Sawada) May we come in?
We're from the police, I called you a while ago.
(Man) Yes, Mr. Aoki arrived 15 days ago,
and since then he's been sleeping here.
I didn't know something so terrible had happened to him.
I have to go now.
If you need anything, let me know.
Thank you.
Oh, my goodness.
Where's the painting?
I found it.
It's in here.
Oh, geez.
How come I had it hidden?
Sunlight, dust and temperature changes...
alter the oils in the paint.
That's why he had to keep it in the closet.
(Midori) It's the same landscape as the photograph he sent me.

No, look closely at it.
Hay added something else.
Eh?
It's true.
There is a drawing in the middle of the sky.
This silhouette reminds me a lot of our house.
(Sakai) Yes, I think it looks like it.
And this blond character looks exactly like an angel flying into the sky.
(Kogoro) An angel that shows you the way to heaven.
(Kogoro) The white figure underneath, that could be a soul.
But Mr. Aoki was a realist painter,
he only painted what he could see.
If he had drunk too much, he must have seen visions.
It is possible that in Satoru he had a bad feeling.
Perhaps he sensed that his time had come.
Ah, this is the camera my husband used.
He used to take it everywhere
to take pictures of the landscapes that he liked
and he would paint them by looking at the pictures.
Eh?
Yes.
May I see it?
"I knew it."
There's a folder missing.
What are you doing?
The photos you took of this landscape are missing.
-Huh?
-What are you saying?
The firefly squid phenomenon took place 10 days ago.
All the pictures from that day are gone.
(Kogoro) The boy is right.
10 days ago was May 6, and the corresponding folder is gone.
(Kogoro) What?
That some files have disappeared from your camera?
Yes.
You don't remember seeing anything strange?
Ah.
Come to think of it, last night...
It was around 12, if I'm not mistaken.
I'll be right back.
Mr. Aoki?
According to the coroner's report, he was dead by 12 midnight.
It's very likely that the man you saw was not the painter Satoru Aoki..,
but the person who killed him.
How come you didn't see him, that it wasn't Mr. Aoki?
Sorry, the entrance was dark.
And I thought he was limping, so I thought it was him.
There's no doubt about it, then.
The killer posed as the victim
and came to erase the images.
There must have been something on the camera that he didn't want anyone to see.
I get it!
I'm sure the killer has supernatural powers.
What do you mean?
What are you coming up with now?
I say that because he went straight up to Mr. Aoki's room.
If he'd been a normal man,
he wouldn't have known which room was his.
Oh! Oh, that's right.
That's right.
How do you explain that he found in the first one, if there were others?
This means that the murderer
must be someone who had been in Mr. Aoki's room before.
Mr. Aoki's wife was very upset.
"I don't know if we were right to let her go back alone."
It's normal for her to be touched, she just lost her husband.
What we have to do now is to find the person who killed her.
What?
I've already explained all this to the police.
Isn't that clear?
Yes, it's just that I'm investigating on my own.
You're working for the victim's wife.
You want me to reconstruct her husband's last steps, right?
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, I'll explain it to you again, then.
Yes, I had a run-in with Mr. Aoki.
My girlfriend is missing and I've been looking for her for a few days now.
The day before yesterday I went to Mr. Hayashi's inn
and I left him one of these posters.
Will you give me a hand?
You must be having a hard time, but don't give up.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
Oops, sorry.
Eh?
It won't do you any good.
You better let it go.
W-why do you say that, this?
"He made me very angry."
But I haven't seen him since that day.
(Kogoro) Okay, thank you.
Yes, I met that painter the day before yesterday at sunset.
I went out for a walk and decided to go down to the beach
to see the famous mirages.
"So..."
"He was contemplating the sea with a dejected and abstracted expression,
exactly as if he was thinking of committing suicide."
"I went over to try to help him."
"Immediately we saw that we Avenières force,
and we were chatting and drinking all night in his room."
Okay, I'll take care of it.
Eh?
Mr. Shirakawa, what's this here?
Eh?
Ep, boy.
You can't remove someone else's stuff without permission.
Sure, excuse me.
In the end, maybe Mr. Aoki committed suicide.
Mm?
That's him.
-Are these gifts for his family?
-I want to send these home.
Yes, for the wife and daughter.
What? What do you want from me?
What do they want from me?

So the last one is you?
I met that man yesterday morning,
when I went to the inn in Hayashi
to bring the fish I had just caught.
What?
How can it be that your client hasn't even tasted the fish?
Badly, isn't it?
I don't know, he says he's not hungry.
How can he not?
Where is this prissy guy?
The fish is a gift
that the sea snatches from us, endangering our lives.
To waste it is a serious disregard.
He could not do as if nothing had happened.
Is that why you went up to ask him for explanations?
Yes.
But you can be sure I didn't see him or touch him.
Hey.
How did you get them, the wounds?
Huh?
Ah, the ones on your hand.
I had an accident at sea three years ago.
Since then I can barely move it.
Ah...
I haven't the slightest idea who might have done it.
"None of the 3 suspects has an alibi on the day of the crime."
For starters, we don't even know if it's a homicide.
It could be an accident, or a suicide.
Oh, shit, man.
I'm at a total loss.
Caram.
There's people over there.
What must they be looking at?
Ah.
They must be waiting for the spring mirage.
The Uozu area is well known for mirages.
"A mirage? What if it had been a...?"
"But then..."
(Kogoro) I can't take it anymore.
I'm shattered.
No wonder, we've been walking all day.
So in the end you couldn't find, could you?
the person who deleted the video from Mr. Aoki's camera?
-What a pity!
-No.
Unfortunately, no.
Au, dinner is ready.
(Kogoro) It looks good!
It's fresh fish, I caught it myself this afternoon.
(Kogoro) Eh?
You didn't tell us that you also fished.
Only once in a while.
Well, when I was young I was a fisherman.
I'd like to ask you something.
Maybe you know if Mr. Ishiguro
always wears a black cap when he goes fishing.
Oh, wow.
Yes, he says it's his talisman.
Oh, by the way.
Before we go back to Tokyo,
would you like to see how they fish for firefly squid at dawn?
It's very romantic, it looks like the sea water shines with its own light.
Oh, I'm so lazy!
I'm too tired.
How nice, of course we'll go.
Right, Conan?
Eh?
Ah... Yes.
Eh?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Say.
Mr. Kogoro told me to ask you...
(whispers)
Yes, of course.
Thank you. (whispers)
Don't worry, I'll be alert.
But it's two o'clock in the morning.
Do we really have to leave now?
Yes, the boats leave at 3 o'clock.
Come on, don't dawdle.
What's the matter?
You'll be paying attention to what I told you, won't you?
Yes.
Be careful.
(Sakai) Don't move.
But... but if it's...
Mr. Mouri, are you sure, this is the killer we're looking for?
(Sakai) What?
But it was you who told us that the murderer would return...
Aaaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaaah...
This must be the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
A while ago I set a trap for the murderer.
(Kogoro voice) I told him that in Tokyo we might find a way to recover the deleted files of the
to recover the deleted files from the camera.
And I asked him not to let anyone into the room.
Then, just as I expected, the culprit appeared.
It's you, the owner of the inn.
Mr. Taro Hayashi.
What are you talking about?
I only intended to protect the camera, as you asked me to.
Mr. Aoki's killer
could only be a man who met two conditions.
First, he had to be left-handed.
And secondly, he had to be able to sail.
The corpse had the mark of a punch on his face.
On the right cheek.
"Therefore, the murderer hit him with his left fist."
And why should the culprit know how to navigate?
Because he deleted the files from Mr. Aoki's digital camera.
And that means that in the images and, therefore, to his picture,
there must be a detail that directly links the killer to the victim.
Yeah, right.
Ran, bring him in.
At first glance, everyone has seen the fictitious image...
of an angel guiding a soul to heaven.
But Mr. Aoki didn't paint anything he hadn't seen with his own eyes.
Therefore, this scene must also be real.
(Sakai) Eh?
Whichever way you look at it, that can't be real.
-A mirage, you say?

-It is a mirage.
They are typical of spring,
when the warm air cools by the sea and increases in density.
The light is refracted
and an inverted virtual image appears on top of the real landscape:
This is called "superior mirage".
In other words, if we turn the painting upside down,
we will see the real scene that the painter had not yet painted.
A-isn't that...?
Yes.
The white silhouette in the painting is a fishing boat.
The angel ascending toward heaven is a woman who has been thrown into the sea.
And the figure at the bottom of it all, the soul,
is the murderer with a white cap.
So, in reality,
the scene that this painting illustrates is that of a terrible crime.
I imagine that Mr. Aoki
"He realized by looking at the camera's images
over and over again to paint the picture."
"He discovered the truth."
"That's why he told Mr. Akagi that he wouldn't find his girlfriend."
"And that's why he was looking at the sea with that expression."
What he had discovered left him so dismayed and distressed,
he didn't even feel like eating his breakfast.
So who is the woman he threw into the sea?
The phenomenon of the firefly squid in the picture was seen 10 days ago.
was seen 10 days ago.
The date coincides with the day
that Mr. Akagi's girlfriend disappeared.
"From her hairstyle and the clothes she was wearing,
the girl in the painting must be her."
Mr. Aoki was murdered
because he was unlucky enough to discover the truth.
The murderer must have been a left-handed man
who knew how to drive a fishing boat like the one in the painting.
"Mr. Akagi handed out posters with his left hand,
so he's left-handed, but he doesn't know how to sail."
"As for Mr. Shirakawa, he closed the suitcase with his right hand."
"And Mr. Ishiguro, who is a fisherman and knows how to sail,
has an injury to his left hand."
And he always wears a black cap when fishing...
because he thinks it will protect him.
There was only one person left
who knew that Mr. Aoki was sleeping in this room
and met the other two conditions.
He is the man who holds the chopsticks with his left hand.
"And that for dinner he cooked us the fish that he himself had caught."
He is the owner of the inn.
It could only have been you.
Oh... This is all your imagination.
You gave yourself away a while ago.
So you couldn't find, in the end, could you,
the man who erased the video from Mr. Aoki's camera?
You were right when you said that the camera can also record videos.
But how did you know, you,
that the killer had deleted not the photos but the video?
The only ones who knew about the existence of this video were Mr. Aoki and the person who deleted it.
and the person who deleted it, that is, his killer.
And who was the man you say you saw last night?
It was not true,
it was a made-up story to try to throw the police off the scent.
The girl was an accident.
"How was I supposed to know, that someone was recording me?"
"The painter tried to convince me to turn myself in."
"Because I would pay for what I had done. That's why I had to..."
But I thought I had eliminated all the evidence.
(Cries)
Shit! (Continues crying)
(Continues to cry)
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore kurai kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Thank you so much for everything, really.
Don't be sad.
Your husband has helped us solve a murder.
And, by the way, he just happened to save someone else's life.
What person are you talking about, Conan?
What person?
Mr. Shirakawa.
He told us that he had gone to see the famous mirages,
but I was surprised that he didn't have binoculars or a camera.
Besides, I looked inside his suitcase...
and he only had two bottles of sleeping pills.
"I think he had gone to Uozu with the intention of committing suicide."
But then we saw him buying gifts for his family.
That's the proof that he decided to let him run.
I'm sure it was Mr. Aoki,
who helped him get the idea out of his head and encouraged him to continue.

It's true, I'm sure it is.
(Midori) Yes, I think so too.
At Rikumichi Kusuda?
(Midori) Ah.
You mean the spy from the Men in Black
who infiltrated the hospital where Rena Muzinashi was?
Well, you wanted to tell me something else?
Please tell the FBI people...
not to leak this information,
especially to anyone outside the agency.
One of the Men in Black, in Bourbon, in Toru Amuro,
it seems to me that he's been sniffing around for a while.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Scarlet Prologue."

