(Kogoro) It's very strong!
To poison someone who comes to see you in the hospital!
Yes..., to tell you the truth, sometimes I get the feeling...
that this hospital is really cursed.
They say that an announcer, the Rena Mizunashi,
was hospitalized here.
There was also an avalanche of injured people that caused a great panic.
And then there was a bomb threat.
Hey, listen, Takagi!
You mean isn't it time for you to go back to police headquarters?
Mm?
Damn it!
By the way, you're not familiar with a man named Rikumichi Kusuda?
Eh?
Rikumichi Kusuda?
Yes, now that you mention it,
a few days before the bombing incident
they found a wrecked vehicle a few blocks from here,
and the owner of the vehicle was a man named Rikumichi Kusuda.
It's quite a mysterious case.
Inside the crashed vehicle
they found blood spatter everywhere.
Some of the stains were not even a millimeter thick,
said the scientists.
(Think) "Blood spatters of less than a millimeter..., a gun...."
(Shinichi voice) "The years we have spent together are a springboard,
and we're moving forward at full speed without slowing down."
"A strange case is going on in Haido Park."
"A scarlet secret is revealed. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
(Telephone)
Yes, hello?
Hello, Jodie!
How's it going?
How's it going?
It was today, we were supposed to meet for a drink?
"So what? Have you got used to your new life as a primary school teacher?"
Yes, and I'm also the pretty, cool teacher...
who's back from abroad.
Maybe that's what I'd like to think.
But the truth is, it takes a lot of work.
And if I didn't have enough,
I'm meeting some parents in a little while...
"Understood. So we won't be able to see each other today, huh?"
No, I'm really sorry.
By the way, what are you doing in Japan, though?
The undercover investigation I guess it's over by now, isn't it?
"What's this? I buy you a drink and you talk to me like this?"
"I have my reasons too, you know?"
"Ah! You mean official secrets, I guess..."
Yes, more or less.
All right, well, I'll call you another day.
-Yes.
-Who is it? -A friend of yours?
A friend of yours?
The season she moved to the States to study,
she got involved in a case.
And I gave her a hand.
That's how we met.
We did?
She was also the one who taught me how to speak Japanese.
She even helped me find work as an English teacher,
so I could have a cover and not reveal my identity.
Well, you could say she's my best teacher friend.
That's pretty cool.
-Natsuko Shibuya, 28 years old.
-So what?
May I know who you're waiting for?
-And who is she, this girl?
-An elementary school teacher.
She's my client,
as well as the person who might be able to lead me
to the last missing piece of a puzzle that has been making my head dance for some time now.
that has been making my head dance for some time now.
Now I don't understand you.
What kind of piece are you referring to?
(thump)
Looks like someone fell down the stairs, doesn't it?
Back to the car, come on!
I don't want to draw attention to myself in a place like this.
Oh!
This woman...
Yes.
It seems to me that the puzzle will soon be fully completed.
(Conan's voice) "Scarlet prologue."
(Children: uproar)
Hey, Conan!
Do you want to play soccer while we go home?
Hey, Conan?
Come on!
This one is gone!
I saw him run out as soon as the bell rang.
- (both) Eh?
-Look, it's over there!

It seems that someone has come to pick you up by car.
I'm sure it's Mr. Mouri from the detective agency.
(Ai) Well, it's not.
It's an expensive car of a foreign make.
I don't think Mr. Mouri rented a car like that.
-Hey, I think I know that!
-You're right.
Maybe it's Jodie's car.
It's normal for a foreign person to drive a foreign car.
Come on, let's go!
Let's leave that crazy deduction man alone and go home.
Dr. Agasa promised me
that he would buy a delicious cake for a snack.
-It seems that Conan is not in flight.
- (all) Hurray!
Better, more for us!
-Come on, I'm very hungry!
-(all) Yes!
More we'll have!
It's his loss for not coming!
(Think) "Yes, it's the FBI car I've seen before."
Your main objective at this point
is to retrieve the transmitter and the microphone!
If you hesitate now,
both out of curiosity and out of some sense of honesty,
then all will be lost!
Yes... You don't need to tell me, I already know.
(Thinking) "But since he... hasn't told me anything....,
something must have happened."
"Something's going on that I don't know about."
-(Ayumi) What are you standing here for?
- (Ayumi) Come on, Ay!
What are we waiting for?
I'm hungry, come on, let's hurry up. Contact us.
(Ayumi) Sure!
Come on, guys, let's go.
What'll it be, cake?
Come on, let's go eat the doctor's cake!
At Rikumichi Kusuda?
Ah!
You mean the spy of the Men in Black
who infiltrated the hospital where Rena Muzinashi was?
I remember he ran away because his identity was discovered.
And when Shuichi managed to corner him,
he committed suicide by shooting himself in the head with a pistol, right?
Well, you wanted to tell me something else?
Yes.
Please tell the FBI people not to leak this information,
especially to anyone outside the agency!
One of the Men in Black, in Bourbon, in Toru Amuro,
I think he's been sniffing around for a while now.
Of course, it would be missing!
But listen...
You made me come to see you specifically just to tell me that?
Yes, because anyone can tap a phone very easily.
And besides, I have to tell you something else that you might not be expecting.
It's quite possible...
Mm?
It's very possible that the man called Amuro is...
Three, two, one... zero!
(Mobile)
Gee, excuse me!
I have to stop for a moment to answer the phone.
What's wrong?
Natsuko is in critical condition?
And she says she fell down the stairs in Haido Park?
Which hospital is it, please?
Then, I'll be right there.
(Takagi) "No need, we prefer you come at the scene of the crime."
Mm?
"The crime"?
Yes, I'm now at the foot of the stairs where it looks like he fell.
We've checked the victim's cell phone call log,
and we noticed that just yesterday he spoke to you
a little before 8:00 P.M.
That's correct.
He called you then and we talked.
Hey, wait!
You mean your fall wasn't an accident?
No.
According to the person who reported to us from a pay phone in the area,
it looks like someone pushed her down the stairs.
-Oh...! -Oh...!
- "Hello? Jodie?"
I'll be right back!
It's at the bottom of the stairs in front of Haido Park, isn't it?
Ah, Jodie, come here.
Camel!
What are you doing here?
I don't understand.
Last night you used my cell phone to call Natsuko.
Don't you remember?
Because you told me your battery was dead.
That's why the police contacted me first
and I gave them your number because I tipped you off.
As far as we understand,
you spoke an hour before we were notified of the incident.
What do you mean?
An hour before the incident?
You mean the Natsuko fell last night?
Yesterday, just before 9 o'clock.
There was no cell phone or wallet among her belongings,
so we couldn't identify her until today.
We thought she was probably a teacher
and based on that we investigated,
and after tying up a few loose ends we discovered
that the victim was Natsuko Shibuya,
a primary school teacher.
Then, taking a look around the scene,

We found his cell phone lying in the park,
and we called him to come and talk to us.
Can you tell me how Natsuko is doing, please?
She had a severe head injury.
Because it was so serious, she had emergency surgery...
and she's still unconscious.
Thank you.
I think the most likely thing that happened
is that Natsuko left work late,
and on the way, she was assaulted by a robber...
and then pushed her down the stairs.
Sorry...
Yes, we think so too.
And how did he do it to you, to find out that Miss Natsuko was a teacher?
Man, it was a pretty easy and uncomplicated deduction.
There was a bag next to her that was full of tests.
Eh?
Conan!
How can it be?
What are you doing here?
Don't worry, he came with me.
We were taking a drive together.
Another question: were the exam papers unfinished,
I mean, no names, no answers?
Mm?
Ah, no!
They were actually made-up test sheets, with the answers,
and they were all corrected.
I think I've seen some of them that had gotten a 100 and everything.
Oh, really?
With what you just explained to me, she wasn't supposed to be attacked here.
I know that Ms. Kobayashi once told me
that corrected exams couldn't be taken out of the school
or take them home.
She said it was to prevent private information from being leaked.
I know that there are some teachers who take the tests home with them
to correct them with more peace of mind,
but if the exams were already corrected,
there was no way to take them home, right?
I mean, according to you, she was attacked while she was at school.
I got it!
Because it would seem credible that someone had attacked her in the park
while she was on her way home from school,
the assailant must have stuffed everything on the table into her bag.
But, without realizing what he was doing, he also put the exams that were already in his bag,
he also stuffed in the tests that had already been corrected.
Sure!
Since he has a head injury,
it's possible that he was hit with a blunt object.
Yes, and the assailant must have thought that if he pushed her down the stairs,
the police wouldn't notice the new one on her head.
By the way, yesterday Natsuko told me on the phone...
that she had arranged to meet some parents later.
Yes.
Oh, she did?
Did you tell her about this?
Yes!
Go back and thoroughly check the call log and any emails on her phone!
and emails that may be on her cell phone!
It is very important to find the people that Natsuko
had arranged to talk to last night.
(man) Okay!
(Male) Inspector Megure, look at this!
The luminol has reacted on the victim's table!
Yes... This means without a doubt that she was assaulted here.
Well, we haven't found her yet.
And what can you tell me about the weapon?
Probably the assailant must have taken it with him when he fled.
Mm...
Can you tell me, please, if there were any teachers last night,
other than Miss Shibuya, stay late?
Yes, of course.
Wait a moment...
Mr. Sugamoto, didn't you say you'd walk her home yesterday?
No, well...
I thought it was dangerous
for a woman to walk home alone at night,
so I went to her office to see if she was planning to leave,
but she was gone.
Could you tell me what time that was?
I think it would be a little after five-thirty on 9.
Then I asked the custodian to lock up the school
and I went home.
Where were you and what did you do until that time?
Well..., I was in the storeroom sorting out the sports equipment.
Excuse me...
I'm the physical education teacher.
Mr. Sugamoto, you have a car, don't you?
Do you?
Yes, of course I do.
But today I don't know what was wrong with the engine, it wouldn't run smoothly,
that's why I came by train.
By the way, what class do you go to?
Your face doesn't ring a bell.
Well, you can't know that the boy goes to another school.
He's doing a social media outing, isn't he?
Mm?
Sort of...
Inspector Megure!
They're already here.
Look, these people are the parents...
who had arranged last night to talk about their children
with Miss Shibuya.

But I thought they were the parents of only one child!
What the hell is going on?
They broke into my company without warning!
I don't know what happened, but please try to hurry,
because I'd have to go home and make dinner, myself.
Last night a person was assaulted at school,
then they took her to Haido Park
and made her fall down the stairs to simulate an accident.
We have learned from the investigation
that the victim was Miss Natsuko Shibuya,
who had arranged to talk to you yesterday.
-It can't be!
And how is she?
-Eh?
According to what the doctors told us, the operation went quite well,
but she's still unconscious.
Ep, wait a minute!
Are you insinuating that we had something to do with the assault?!
Just a moment, please.
You're not serious, are you?
Now I'd just like you both to explain to me
why you arranged a meeting with Miss Shibuya yesterday.
If you don't mind, ma'am, you go first.
After giving it a lot of thought,
I set up a meeting to warn Miss Shibuya
to stop seducing my son at once.
Did you say "seduce"?
I don't know if it's because she just came back from America or what,
but she always wears such a short skirt and shows so much leg,
it's only natural that my son has fallen head over heels in love!
But I think Natsuko always dresses discreetly.
She has told me that she intends to marry Miss Shibuya
when he grows up!
I can't just stand by and do nothing!
Gee, you're wearing a short word skirt too, don't you find?
(Shinichi, think) "But you were."
This is irrelevant, I'm not a teacher.
Madam, do you remember what time you came to see Miss Shibuya?
I guess it was a little after 8 o'clock.
And so, what did she say to you?
She smiled and told me that I would be more careful from now on.
After about 10 minutes or so I went home.
I didn't want to leave my son alone for too long, you know?
I came with the intention of telling him there are four fresh ones!
He marked some answers as incorrect because of the bad handwriting,
and I couldn't allow that.
That's why I came a little before 9 o'clock,
but the school was dark and the door was locked,
so I didn't see her.
Did you lower your daughter's grade because of bad handwriting?
Yes.
All the answers you marked as incorrect were not!
She should have gotten a 100 with a flower,
and instead the teacher gave her only a 60.
I doubt very much that Natsuko would do anything so unfair, you know?
Do you want me to show you my daughter's test right now?
On top of that, it seems to me that she hired a very rare private detective....
Are you serious?
A very strange detective?
Yes...
I followed her one day so I could tell her what I thought,
about my little girl's notes,
and suddenly someone grabbed me by the lapels and shook me.
(Toru) I couldn't help it.
He had asked me as a favor to help him solve a problem he was having with a stalker.
he was having with a stalker.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's at Bourbon! Oysters!"
I apologize for the delay, Inspector.
Did you send for him?
Look, inspector, your phone was listed in the call log,
and I thought I should send for you.
So... what are you two doing here?
Don't tell me you're the English teachers.
No, you're actually FBI agents...
and you're here to assist us
in the investigation of this case.
Ah..., so you are FBI agents?
In other words,
the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I see them a lot on TV or in the movies.
They go to ordinary crime scenes to take credit.
They stick their noses in whenever they can and act cool.
The local police find them to be a good nuisance,
and the public finds you a bunch of bores.
Hey, I'm not talking about you personally!
-What the hell are you talking about?
I'm talking about the characters I've seen.
I'm very sorry for the misunderstanding, I didn't mean to offend you....
(Think) "It's him...! This is one of the men who killed the Akai."
Camel.
Reassured.
You don't want him to find out that the FBI knows that he's a member of the Black Men?
that he's a member of the Men in Black, do you?
No, of course not...
What?!

So you say it was you who informed the police of the incident involving the victim?
of the incident involving the victim?
Yes, he had asked me to investigate the identity of the stalker....
and to act as a bodyguard for him while I was at it.
I went to keep watch because he usually
usually comes home a little late
and goes through the whole park taking shortcuts.
But I didn't expect him to end up rolling down the stairs.
Hey, if I remember correctly,
when you called the police you said someone had made him fall, right?
Did you have time to see him, the assailant?
Yes, of course I saw him!
I actually saw his silhouette.
He was straight ahead, at the top of the stairs, looking at Ms. Shibuya.
Unfortunately I saw him from a bit far away,
because I was inside my car.
When I got out, the assailant ran away...
and I couldn't see his face.
So just the silhouette, huh?
Yes.
Then I heard a car start up the stairs.
I thought maybe the assailant
must have carried her unconscious into the car,
and he drove her to the parking lot near the park,
not far from the stairs.
And when he then checked that there was no one in the area,
he dropped her like a sack down the stairs.
I was parked just down the street,
but I guess the assailant didn't see me,
so that the trees in the park were blocking the view between him and me.
Haido park is never closed, even at night,
but after 9 p.m. you can't see a soul.
I guess I should go as Mr. Amuro said.
Mm...
But after you made the call,
why didn't you wait at the scene of the crime
until we arrived, like everyone else would have done?
That way the investigation of the case would have been more streamlined.
I am very sorry for you.
I had another client in the car and I had to protect her anonymity.
She clearly told me that she didn't want to be involved in this case.
Are you saying that you left Natsuko, your client,
alone on the street with serious injuries?
Obviously, I didn't leave the scene...
until I saw the ambulance arrive, miss.
Is there a problem with that?
Calm down, Jodie...
All right, that's enough.
I'm guessing Officer Jodie's nervous
because she's a close friend of Miss Shibuya's.
Ah, by the way, you're friends with her, huh?
Well, in this case the assault could be the work of someone
who resents the FBI for whatever reason.
-But how dare you!
-Don't you agree?
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Why don't we do something?
We could go over the whole incident one more time, okay?
So far we know that those who saw or planned to see
Miss Shibuya last night
are these 3 people we have here in front of us.
You're absolutely right.
First we have to find the aggressor.
The thing that attacked Natsuko in her office
and knocked her unconscious,
and then carried her to the park and made her fall down the stairs.
I agree.
I think we need to know what they did last night.
That's why I ask you not to leave out a single detail, please.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Are these the exams in question?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I guess we're the only ones who have figured out who the culprit is.
-Isn't that right..., Conan Edogawa?
- "We"?
The hospital just called just now.
Miss Shibuya has taken a turn for the worse and is in critical condition!
Don't die!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"Scarlet Chase".

