"As I was telling FBI Agent Jodie.
"That a member of the Men in Black, in Toru Amuro,
"was making inquiries about Rikumichi Kusuda,
"Jodie receives a phone call informing her of the
"That her friend Natsuko Shibuya
has been knocked down the stairs in the park."
"We go right away at the scene of the incident,
"where we discover that in fact he was not assaulted there,
but at the elementary school where he works."
"The police gather the 3 main suspects, but in addition..."
She had asked me as a favor
to help her solve a problem she was having with a stalker.
"It's in Bourbon! Oysters!"
So, what are you two doing here?
Don't tell me you're English teachers.
No, you're actually FBI agents...
and you're here to assist in the investigation of this case.
Ah.
So you're FBI agents?
In other words,
the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I see them a lot on TV or in the movies.
They go ordinary at crime scenes to hog the credit.
They stick their noses in whenever they can and act cool.
The local police find them to be a good nuisance,
and the public finds them a bunch of bores.
-Hey, I'm not talking about you personally!
-What the hell are you talking about?
I'm talking about the characters I've seen.
I'm very sorry for the misunderstanding.
(Thinks) "That's him. This is one of the men who killed the Akai."
Camel.
Calm down.
You don't want him to find out
that the FBI knows he's a member of the Men in Black, do you?
(Camel) No, of course not.
(Camel) "The years we've spent together are a stepping stone."
(Camel) "And we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
(Camel) "Although the Amuro's comment is worrisome,
first we have to sort out the exam papers!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Scarlet chase"
(Male) As I have already explained to you a while ago,
I went to the school storage room
sorting out a little bit all the sports equipment we keep there,
until after half past five o'clock at 9 o'clock.
As it was quite late, I had thought of accompanying her home.
I came to the teachers' lounge to look for her but she wasn't there.
So I left.
Had I told Miss Shibuya that I intended to accompany her?
Well... no...
But I thought she would feel much safer
if a man accompanied her walking down the street at night.
Gee, come to think of it....
A while ago he proposed to Miss Shibuya
but she ended up rejecting him, didn't she?
How... how do you know?
Did she tell you, this?
No, actually some of your classmates explained it to me...
when I came to the school after Ms. Shibuya asked me
to investigate who was harassing her.
That's why I put you on my blacklist,
I thought you were the one who was bothering her.
Don't tell me you were the man harassing her?
No, on the contrary!
I was the person who always protected you from dangerous men!
-Yes.
-You protected her?
He escorted her every day so that she would get home safely
and to prevent anyone from harming her on the way.
Well, maybe I wouldn't say he escorted her in a literal sense,
but that he followed her without her noticing and watched over her in secret.
"Even though at times she seemed to notice my presence
and would look around in case she saw someone."
She's so cute.
I felt an irrational need to protect her, you know?
That's what everyone says harassment is all about!
It's quite possible that she accused you of stalking her and then you....
No-no, sir!
No way!
It's true that at half past five on 9, when I went to talk to her,
she was no longer in her office!

Besides, inside her bag they had found corrected exams, right?
Since I am a teacher like her, I know that once they have been evaluated, they can't be taken home!
you can't take them home in any way!
(Woman) She said exams?
Oh right, when I came to see Miss Shibuya yesterday,
she was busy grading a bunch of exams.
What I said went in one ear and out the other.
Let's see, ma'am, you claim that the reason for the meeting...
you arranged with Ms. Shibuya
was to ask her to stop seducing your son.
May I ask what course you are taking?
Well, I guess you must do first, as in Conan.
Because I remember that some time ago, talking with Natsuko,
she told me that he had been made tutor of the first C class.
Even though he's in first grade and nano is madly in love with his tutor.
How cute and sweet!
Aren't you ashamed?
Stop talking nonsense!
What's that?
Xim-nonsense..., me?
My son is still mentally immature,
and besides, he's at a very sensitive age,
and I warned her that she had to act in a balanced and disciplined manner!
And for your information, my son does fifth grade and not first as they said!
What?
You mean he has fallen in love with the teacher of another grade, your son.
As Ms. Shibuya studied in the U.S. for quite some time,
she has an almost perfect accent.
That's why she was assigned to the English classes of the upper grades.
I agree.
He's just like my husband, before the divorce.
He fell in love with a younger girl he met in a cabaret...
spent a lot of money and you know what?
Then she left him.
That's why I don't want my son to end up like him!
It seems as if all the people around him
are trying to drag him to perdition...
-Sorry, I didn't mean to end up crying.
-In perdition?
Could someone lend me a handkerchief?
I must have left it in the cab that brought me here.
If you don't mind using my...
Thank you very much.
You came by cab?
So, you mean you don't have a car.
I was forced to sell it to pay off all my husband's debts!
I keep renewing my driver's license, though.
What's that?
It can't be true!
Did they really steal your car?
Yes, this morning, when I left to go to work,
I saw that someone had forced the lock of the garage and had taken the car.
-Of course, right away!
-You reported it, didn't you?
That's why I had to take a train to work and a bus to come here.
and a bus to come here.
For dessert, I'm now a suspect in a murder case.
-Natsuko is still alive, understand?
-Don't tell me it's not bad luck.
Hey, wait a minute, sir!
Smoking is forbidden here!
Yes, of course, excuse me.
If my memory serves me correctly,
you said you came here before 9 o'clock last night, right?
That's right;
as I said before, when I arrived at the school...
the building was dark and the door was locked.
Probably the bullying teacher or this protective, slightly unbalanced mother
and slightly unbalanced mother would have taken her away by now.
Huh?
Or else you took Ms. Shibuya away
after Mrs. Ueno went home
and before Mr.
Sugamoto arrived, right?
I suppose so;
but I came to the meeting at the time we had arranged,
but the teacher was gone, Inspector.
So, you had arranged to meet Ms. Shibuya at 9 o'clock, right?
Shibuya at 9 o'clock, right?
Yes.
It's funny, but by checking Ms. Shibuya's cell phone,
we were able to retrieve an unsent text message that read:
"We had arranged to meet at five-thirty from 9, will she come or not?"
Are you sure it wasn't intended for you?
How do you want me to know?
If you ask me, it means that the message was not addressed to you.
It could be that I wanted to send it to this woman
and, while I was writing it,
she came to the meeting and that's why you didn't send it.
Look, even if that message was addressed to me,
maybe she was overwhelmed by so much addition and subtraction.
For this she must have gotten confused, making the wrong time.
Because she was correcting exams, wasn't she?
Mmm... Are these the exams in question?
(Takagi) Yes.
(Takagi) I'm really sorry,

but the forensic police are processing all the tests and we only have this photo.
and we only have this photo.
Although the operations are very basic,
with so many numbers, it wouldn't be surprising if he got the time mixed up.
Hm.
What I said!
Well, what Natsuko told me is now true.
You see?
Eh?
The drawing at the top, on the right.
In the United States, when someone gets 100 points we write: "Excellent",
but she told me that in Japan they draw a flower with a spiral.
(Bourbon) And that's it?
(Bourbon) Oh.
(Bourbon) Huh?
-What do you mean, is it done? -I mean, is it done?
-I mean, is it done, FBI agent? -I mean, is it done, FBI agent?
And the agent of German descent, what does he say?
I'm asking if that's all the information they can get from this photo
or do you see something else?
I see that in Japan they circle the correct answers,
so the score above is correct.
-Ha-ha!
-That's all I can say.
Ha-ha-ha!
I guess we're the only ones who have figured out who the culprit is.
We are?
Isn't that right, Conan Edogawa?
Eh?
I don't know what you mean...
Well, that after looking at the photo
you haven't stopped looking at the culprit for a second.
What do you mean?
You mean...
Don't tell me that you already know who it is?
I think so, more or less.
It seems that the mystery has finally been solved.
I've been wondering for quite some time why you asked me,
a simple detective, to investigate the person who has been harassing you,
even though I have a good friend, you, at the FBI.
Hey, what the hell does that mean?
Are you implying that I don't know how to do my job, perhaps?
And you didn't think that maybe it pained you to ask us?
After all, we're in Japan on vacation and not on official business.
Yes, of course, for sightseeing, eh?
If you haven't asked for a visa I suppose your personal trip
must be about to come to an end.
If they have already visited quite a few interesting places,
I hope they'll soon start packing their bags.
-Hm.
-And get the hell out of Japan.
What can I talk to you, Zero?
I mean, Amuro.
I'll just be a second.
Hey, I'd like to know something, Amuro.
I guess you're an enemy of the bad guys, huh?
Hm.
Zero... That's what a lot of my friends used to call me when I was a kid.
But it's just a nickname and that's all.
From your question,
you must have the wrong idea about me.
Oh!
"W-wrong?"
Au pues, we begin to solve the puzzle.
First of all, take a good look at the picture of the exams we saw a few moments ago.
we saw a few moments ago.
You don't see anything strange, do you?
"Have I been wrong about him?"
"His insight to understand the truth of a case in an instant."
"That time at the Bell Tree Express, he didn't kill the Ouch."
"His reaction when he heard the word 'Zero'."
"And now, I'm even more convinced,
after hearing the comment you made to the FBI agents."
I hope they will soon start packing their bags
and get the hell out of Japan.
"He said it with conviction!"
" 'Zero' is the code name of the organization that 'doesn't exist',
"The organization created expressly
to maintain order and peace in Japan."
"It is the name to call the intelligence service."
"If he is from the intelligence service and he has infiltrated the Men in Black.
we could avoid trouble if I tell him our situation."
"But if he's not,
the plan we've been working on for so long..."
So what do you plan to do, Akai?
It's all or nothing, there are no other options.
Are you willing to risk it?
Of course.
"He'll find us out!"
"Wait a minute, take it easy, he doesn't know anything yet."
"There's still something he can't possibly know."
"But I'm sure he'll find something to discover it."
"But how will he do it?"
Very well.
I give up, Amuro.
Can you tell me at once
what you see strange in these test sheets, please?
I ask you to look closely.
Look carefully at the answers to the test right in front of you,
and the answers to the others underneath.
For example, in this 4 + 5 the answer is the same, 9.
But the test above it is marked with a circle
and the one below it with a dash, which indicates that it is incorrect.

And in this test by student Fumihiko Hirai,
everything is marked with stripes but instead has a flower and a 100.
Yes, now that you mention it...
Don't you find it a bit strange?
"Just a second. Wait a minute."
"It's impossible that the FBI and Bourbon, which is from the Men in Black,
"could have accidentally found at the scene of a crime.
"The crux of the matter is, surely..."
Oh!
Mm?
Please, Jodie!
Hm?
What's on your mind?
Can you tell me why you called Miss Shibuya yesterday?
Well, because I promised her we'd go for a drink.
She sent me a text message.
Who invited who, exactly?
But it's funny, because she said she didn't remember sending me.
Well, he later saw the message on his cell phone anyway.
He's actually a bit of a knucklehead, you know?
If I remember correctly, your cell phone was out of battery, right?
So Agent Camel had to leave you his.
-I have to charge it every night.
-Yeah.
That's right.
And since I use it a lot, I often run out of battery at night.
We're not doing well.
Because I suspect that means that...
You mean...?
(Bourbon) And what do you think, Agent Jodie Starling?
I'd like you to listen to what I was saying.
What I'm doing is trying to find out who assaulted your friend.
That's why I should be more on the case.
In Japan they use circles for correct answers,
and a dash when they're incorrect.
But in the United States
they use dashes when the answers are correct!
Eh?
Please, Agent Jodie, can you confirm this for us?
You're right.
It's actually not a dash, it's more like a "V".
In Japan, it's used to fill in multiple choice tests, isn't it?
Well, it's the same thing.
But... why is there a circle in an incorrect answer?
In this case the circle could mean
that the answer needs to be "checked" because it is wrong.
This depends on the teacher,
some teachers circle the errors and others do not.
This means that the tests below were corrected by Natsuko,
who has not long returned from the United States,
and the ones above were corrected by the aggressor,
who without a doubt we can affirm that he is Japanese.
Exactly.
And don't you find that the circles in the first tests are crooked?
And they also go way out of the answer space.
Yes, I can see that.
But why is that?
Well, it could be that the offender was a bit clumsy,
or that he was trying to hide, for example,
something red by using a marker of the same color.
Oh!
Those are blood stains!
It's true!
When the assailant attacked her,
some uncorrected exam papers were splattered with blood.
And, to hide it, she wrote over it with red marker,
in circles, as if the exams had already been corrected.
-Exactly.
-That's why the circles are crooked.
Now all that's left is to know which of the three did it.
So what?
I suppose you must already know who it is, the culprit, right?
Of course I do!
That's easy enough.
Eh?
Well...
Oi, Conan?
Yes!
It's because of the spiral of the flower!
I knew it the moment I saw the spiral of the flower in the photo.
I discovered that I had drawn it right away.
Hm!
The spiral of the flower?
Compare the flower that Ms. Shibuya drew on the test sheet.
Shibuya drew on the test sheet,
with the flower drawn by the offender.
If you look closely, the spirals are completely different.
(Takagi) Caram, it's true!
The offender has drawn them counterclockwise.
And normally they are drawn in the same direction, right?
(Takagi) That's right.
So the offender can't be Mr. Sugamoto,
who had previously wiped the sweat on his face
with a handkerchief using his right hand,
nor Mrs. Ueno,
who took the handkerchief left by Camel also with her right hand.
But Mr.
Kandachi has used his left hand to light the lighter.
This means that he was the aggressor.
It is obvious,
a left-handed person would draw the spiral counterclockwise.
Hey, wait a minute!
It's true that I'm left-handed,
but I always draw the spirals from the inside out!
Therefore, it is impossible for me to have drawn it.
No, because in both spirals,

it is clearly seen that the pressure of the marker goes towards the center,
and they were drawn from the outside to the inside.
Also, if I remember correctly, he said that Natsuko was correcting exams,
that she must have had a head full of numbers
and that this must be why she must have gotten confused with the meeting time.
Primary school teachers teach different subjects,
so how could she have known
that the exams he was correcting were mathematics?
Come on, now if you want to give me a good excuse.
If you have any other answer
other than "I saw it before I assaulted her", of course.
Oh... She burst out laughing.
When I told him that I had miscorrected the test.
she told me that she had gotten into the habit of doing it that way when she was in the US.
That's why he assaulted her.
I should have known
that in the U.S. and in Japan it was corrected in a very different way!
Part of the blame lies with Natsuko,
for not having corrected the exams as it is done here in Japan,
but if you had looked closely, you would have been able to figure it out for yourself.
I was so angry that I didn't think about it.
-It's a lie.
-What about the theft of your car?
I didn't want them to find any of your hair, or whatever it was,
and I asked a friend to hold it for me.
Excuse me, please!
They just called from the hospital.
They say that Ms. Shibuya has taken a turn for the worse
and is in critical condition!
"No."
"Natsuko..."
(Wheels: squeaking)
I don't know why you've come.
You don't do anything here.
You're still my client for the time being, aren't you?
-Hm.
-And besides...
Hm?
It seemed to me that perhaps you might have been wandering off without realizing it.
What?
Natsuko, please!
Don't die!
Natsuko!
Caram, Jodie!
You came to see me at the hospital, how nice of you!
Yes, of course I did.
I'm surprised you knew I'd already regained consciousness.
What happened was also a little bit my fault.
What happened was a bit my fault too.
I'm quite ashamed of it all.
That's why I've asked them not to say anything at school yet.
"No way!"
Hey, Jodie!
Where is Agent Camel now?
He seems to me to have stayed in the car.
Eh?
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
In Rikumichi Kusuda?
I don't know anyone by that name.
It's a man who was admitted here.
It seems he abandoned his car nearby and disappeared.
I understand a gun was involved.
They haven't told you anything, your colleagues?
Not a word.
If so, it must be classified information that's not shared...
with a lower-level agent like yourself, right?
May I know what you're saying?
We always share all information.
Hey, Camel!
I've been looking all over for you. Don't leave my side, do you feel?
Ah...
Well, well, well.
I hope you haven't told him anything at all about Kusuda.
Of course I haven't told him anything.
I wouldn't dream of telling him...
that that guy shot himself to death inside his car.
-Okay.
Thank you very much.
-I'm a tomb. -I'm a tomb.
However, the incident happened before I was stationed in Japan.
In fact, it was the Akai who explained the details of the case to me.
But, Jodie...
Where have you been?
Hey, Jodie.
"Someone so adept at changing voice and image,
capable of fooling anyone."
"A woman capable of doing both."
He must have felt so cornered, he shot himself in the car.
Of course he did.
Now I understand it all.
Oh!
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Scarlet Interrelationship'."

