"The Natsuko Shibuya, Agent Jodie's friend,
"was attacked by someone
who left her unconscious and in critical condition."
"When we get the call, we rush over to see what happened."
(Bourbon) "Police round up the 3 main suspects, but in addition..."
(Bourbon) I couldn't help myself.
He had asked me as a favor to help him solve a problem he was having with a stalker.
he was having with a stalker.
"It's in Bourbon! Oysters!"
"Then in Bourbon and I, thanks to our deductions,
we managed to identify the aggressor."
"But then..."
Excuse me, please!
The hospital just called just now.
Miss Shibuya has taken a turn for the worse and is in critical condition!
"No... Natsuko..."
Natsuko!
Caram, Jodie!
You came to see me at the hospital, how nice of you.
Yes, of course...
I'm surprised you knew I had regained consciousness.
What happened was also a bit my fault.
I'm quite ashamed of it all.
That's why I've asked them not to say anything at school yet.
"No way!"
Hey, Jodie!
Where is Agent Camel now?
Huh?
It seems to me that he has stayed in the car.
(Camel) At Rikumichi Kusuda?
I don't know anyone by that name.
(Bourbon) He's a man who was admitted here.
It looks like he abandoned his car nearby and disappeared.
I understand there was a gun involved.
They haven't told you anything, your colleagues?
Not a word.
If so, it must be classified information...
that you don't share with a lower-level agent like yourself, right?
May I know what you're saying?
We always share all information.
Hey, Camel!
I've been looking all over for you.
Stay close to me, you feel...
Well...
I hope you haven't told him anything at all about Kusuda.
Of course I haven't told him anything.
I wouldn't dream of telling him...
that that guy shot himself to death inside his car.
-Okay.
Thank you very much.
-I'm a tomb.
However, that incident...
happened before I was stationed in Japan.
In fact, it was the Akai who explained the details of the case to me.
But Jodie...
Where have you been?
Hey, Jodie!
"The years we've spent together are a stepping stone."
"And we're going full speed ahead without slowing down."
"What happened?"
"The dangerous conversation between two mysterious people."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Scarlet Interrelationship"
Where are you?
Where have you been, Jodie?
(Jodie) Camel!
(Jodie) You're here!
Is everything all right?
Is everything all right?
I don't understand what you mean...
That man who's a member of the Men in Black, the Amuro,
I saw his car driving away from the hospital at full speed.
I hope that, thanks to his palaver,
you didn't reveal confidential information to him.
I didn't?
Of course I didn't.
And by the way, you just told me the same thing a moment ago.
What was that?
Just now?
Yes, Jodie, a minute ago you said that exact same thing to me, exactly.
But what did you say?!
I just came out of the room
from the room where Natsuko is admitted and I've come all the way here!
What?
So, the Jodie I saw just a minute ago...
"Someone so adept at changing her voice and image,
capable of fooling anyone."
"A woman capable of doing both..."
"It could only have been one person."
Wow, you took longer than I thought.
I was beginning to worry that you wouldn't show up in the end.
You don't know what it took me,
finding a scarf almost identical to hers.
I guess so.
So what?
How did it go, then?

That Kusuda guy, as you already guess,
must have felt so cornered that he...
that he shot himself to death in his car.
Well, that's how I thought.
What? It was Vermouth, she?
Was it Vermouth, her?
"Are you telling me that the Jodie I saw and talked to a while ago..."
was Vermouth in disguise?
Bourbon asked you something, didn't he?
Of course she did.
But it didn't do him any good because I didn't follow his lead.
He tried to provoke me by saying that it was classified information
that was no longer shared with lower-level agents like me.
He only does this to put pressure on you and make you nervous.
So, when your colleague Jodie comes in,
you relax and this way you go off on her.
"That's the kind of psychology she uses."
Hey, wait a minute, Conan!
You mean the Vermouth knew I was coming in the hospital
and was quietly waiting for us to get here?
That's right.
We've been acting like Bourbon and Vermouth thought we'd act.
What are you implying?
I guess it all started
the moment you got the message from Miss Shibuya.
That's when you decided to
to implement the strategy, at Bourbon and Vermouth.
The mail that proposed me to go for a drink?
She told me that Ms. Shibuya didn't recall
that she sent you that email, did she?
Yes, you're right.
After everything that's happened,
now I'm thinking it would be Bourbon himself who sent it to you
from Ms. Shibuya's cell phone.
What?
I imagine it must be tricky to steal the cellphone
from an FBI agent like you.
But sneaking the phone
of a simple elementary school teacher,
I'm guessing it's a no-brainer.
In Bourbon, who worked as a detective for Ms. Shibuya,
he must have met her often,
and he must have had many opportunities to take her away from him.
But I don't understand why he risked sending me a message like that.
Probably to get you to call Ms. Shibuya using your partner's cell phone.
using your partner's cell phone, i.e., Agent Camel.
I have no doubt that this detail was part of his plan.
Eh?
People usually meet for drinks in the evening.
He knew that around that time
your cell phone would run out of battery, which happens to you a lot.
This means that we were being watched.
But what I don't understand is why it had to be my cell phone.
I think any FBI agent's would have had them serviced.
If anything happened to Ms. Shibuya that night,
the phone number of the agent who called you
would show up on her call log
and then she would be notified
to get him and Jodie to the scene of the incident.
Yes, I get it now.
From the beginning they just wanted something, period.
And it was nothing more than to get information from the FBI agent
who was with me, no matter who it was.
It's true that on that night Mr. Kandachi
pushed Natsuko down the stairs in the park
and was seriously injured, but I wonder:
What would have happened if all that had not happened?
I don't know, maybe they had planned to run her over and seriously hurt her.
In fact, in Bourbon she said that she had driven to the park with her car.
I'm convinced that he was planning to involve her
in an accident outside.
Outside, you say?
Exactly, to find out in detail the items of clothing you were wearing today.
Yes.
The clothes I was wearing?
They could make a mask of your face
from the photos they've taken of you so far,
but they had no way of knowing what you were wearing.
It was much easier to look good and sneak pictures of you in an open space like a public park
in an open space like a public park,
than inside a car or a hotel room.
Then, once they've had the costume ready,
"...they have you go to the hospital
announcing that Miss Shibuya was in critical condition."
Once there, they have achieved what they set out to do.
I mean to distract Camel away from you.
In other words, Vermouth has disguised himself as me...
to get the information out of you that they were so interested in.
-I'm sorry, I'm so sorry... -I'm so sorry...
-And they succeeded, didn't they?

But Conan, when did you become aware of this whole plan they had hatched?
Well, when we received that call from the hospital.
Because when it comes to the state of health of a patient
who is involved in an open case,
the hospital also contacts the police,
but apart from the family, they don't notify anyone else.
Yeah, but if you were so sure, why didn't you tell me before?
It's just that I wasn't entirely sure.
She might have disguised herself as Miss Shibuya.
Okay.
"Gee, what would I want to know, at Bourbon?"
By the way, what kind of information did you give her, fake Jodie?
I told her... about that spy, you know?,
the one who was admitted to this very hospital,
"At Rikumichi Kusuda."
"The man who committed suicide
by shooting himself inside his car, some time ago."
-Yes, of course.
-And that's it?
As in Conan explained it to us on the way here,
I had it very much in mind, and it slipped out without realizing it.
But, Camel, I still don't understand...
what good it does them to have obtained this information, to tell you the truth.
I don't know...
It could be that if in Kusuda,
who they thought had been arrested by the FBI, is dead,
they don't have to worry about whether or not he leaks what information.
Anyway, I'm sure there's some other motive that we don't know about.
What do you think, Conan?
But... what's going on?
Conan!
Conan, please.
Come on, what's the matter?
"Conan, can't you hear me?"
So, could you tell me what's up with this Rikumichi Kusuda guy?
I understand that he was a member of the Men in Black.
But why is it so important that a man to whom the organization
organization didn't even give him a codename.
was shot in the head and killed himself?
(Bourbon) If you wanted to kill yourself with a gun,
in what way would you do it?
Well, I suppose
I would point the barrel of the gun right here in my temple.
Exactly.
"And the bullet hole would be clearly visible in the skull,
even after the body was burned."
Huh?
There was a similar incident
around the time that Kusuda disappeared.
There was another man who also died
from a gunshot to the head and was burned.
You mean... you mean that...?
That's right, the FBI agent...
...Shuichi Akai.
It's not possible!
Do you think there's a chance he's still alive?
Yes, provided my deduction is correct.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'm sorry, but your deduction is way off.
Hey, you should keep in mind...
that the Akai's death was officially confirmed.
"And the one who confirmed it was precisely the Japanese police,
at the request of the FBI, obviously."
By the way, I already told you that, didn't I?
The fingerprints on the Akai's body, that he was shot dead by the Kir....
"And that he burned it along with his car on Raiha's neck,
"And the Akai's fingerprints
that were found on that boy detective's cell phone were a total match."
That's good to know.
But I'd like to know how they got prints from a charred corpse.
Very simple, because he had a hand in the pocket of his jacket,
which was made of a fireproof fabric.
You know he was very peculiar.
When he shot me with the shotgun that time,
he also had a hand in his pocket.
Wow!
He fired the shotgun with one hand?
Typical of him, to do something like that.
But you could also think that they put his hand in his pocket
so they could get the fingerprints off it later, don't you think?
Hey, if you have so many doubts,
wouldn't you like to see the video of the moment the Akai was killed?
You mean that video
that the Kir took with the hidden camera
she had hidden around her neck?
That's right, the images recorded...
with that little camera hidden in the scarf around her neck..,
where you can clearly see how he kills.
(What are you waiting for, Kir?
Finish him off at once.
But... I've broken a lung.
If we leave him here, he won't last more than half an hour.
Aim for the head.
Fire a bullet in the brain.
That'll be the way to make sure he doesn't bother us again.
Understood.

But it turns out, just before she shot him in the head,
he muttered something:
I didn't know you'd go this far.
Even I was surprised.
I'd like to comment to you, from the point of view of an actress like me,
"That that was not a dialogue afterwards,
but that those words came from the bottom of her heart."
I wasn't acting, you know?
The truth is that I was quite disappointed
that you made me participate in this unhelpful farce.
"I didn't know.... you'd make it this far, huh?"
"I didn't know... you'd get this far."
"I didn't know you'd get this far."
"I didn't know you'd go this far."
Right, now I get it all.
Now we'll see if my deduction is correct or not.
I have to try to corral him into a situation
that he can't say a word or find a way out.
Well then, I guess you must know exactly where to find that ghost from the past...
where to find that ghost from the past.
No, unfortunately I don't know yet.
But the moment I have any reliable clue,
I will find him without difficulty.
And I'm willing to do it in less than a day.
Oh, do you happen to know if Conan has to come to school today?
I don't think so.
It looks like he's caught a cold and stayed in bed.
But what do you say?
Today there is curry rice for lunch!
And will he miss it?
Is that all you're worried about?
Man, it's curry rice, and besides, there's pudding for dessert!
"Well, like yesterday he was secretly talking to the doctor,
now I don't know if he really has a cold or not."
Hey, Conan.
You must know what time it was, the Macademy Awards, right?
Huh?
But where is he?
One question, father, Conan's not back from school yet?
What?
He called to say he was sleeping over at the doctor's house.
No way!
Oh, we were supposed to meet to watch the Macademy Awards together!
Well, you tell me how interesting it could be...
to see the awards of a film festival in a foreign country.
But it turns out that this time it's different
because Shinichi's father is nominated
the award for best original screenplay.
Don't you find that exciting, this?
I can understand that you're excited to see it,
but that little boy, why should I want to watch it, him?
Sure, maybe you're right.
Come on, let's go.
Hurry up and make dinner, I'm starving.
(TV: man) We'll start by presenting
the award for best supporting actor.
On this occasion,
the award will be presented by last year's winner.
With all of you, on Johnny Beep!
(Audience: applause)
Mmm?
- "I'm carrying a package."
-Yes?
Hi, good evening.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Toru Amuro.
Mm...
I'd say... this isn't the first time we've met, is it?
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
I would like to talk to you for a while.
I'll be just a moment.
Do you mind if I come in?
No, if only you come in, of course.
I'm sorry, but the rest of you will have to wait outside.
I'd rather you didn't come into my house.
I don't seem to have enough cups of tea for everyone, don't you understand?
You needn't worry about them.
They like to wait outside, they're quite used to it.
Besides, depending on what their response is,
maybe all these gentlemen will end up coming in without being invited.
(Camel) What?
On the road to Raiha?
You mean we're going to the place
where those of that organization killed the Akai with one shot?
(Camel) Exactly.
I have a feeling we'll find something important there.
The face... he made when he found out that you had told them
that in Kusuda he had fired a shot.
"His expression...
and also how he lost his temper"
when we went to see the cherry blossoms...
There must be something.
I have to find something!
Hey, you like mysteries?
Well, if you don't mind, we can get started.
The man who was killed touched the cell phone behind the thin man, didn't he?

Therefore their prints should also be.
In addition, as we have since learned,
the Akai touched that cell phone
before we let them retrieve the Rena Mizunashi, didn't he?
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Scarlet Return."

