(Jodie) Camel!
(Jodie) -Is everything all right?
-You're here!
Is everything all right?
I do not understand what you mean?
That man who is a member of the Men in Black, the Amuro.
I hope that, thanks to his palaver,
you have not revealed confidential information to him.
Aaa... of course not.
And by the way, you just told me the same thing just a moment ago.
What?
Just a moment ago?
So what?
How did it go, then?
(Jodie's voice) That Kusuda guy, as you already guessed...
(Vermouth's voice) He must have felt so cornered that he...
that he committed suicide by shooting himself inside his car.
Well, that's... that's how I thought.
What?!
It was Vermouth, wasn't it?
Are you telling me that the Jodie I saw and talked to...
was Vermouth in disguise?
There was a similar incident
around the time that Kusuda disappeared.
There was another man who also died...
shot in the head, and he was burned.
That's right, the FBI agent...
Shuichi Akai.
It's not possible!
You think there's a chance he's still alive, then?
Yes, provided my deduction is correct.
Mm?
- (Toru) "I'm carrying a package."
(Toru) -Yes?
(Toru) Hello, good evening.
Nice to meet you.
-Mm...
-My name is Toru Amuro.
I'd say... this isn't the first time...
we've met, right?
(Shinichi voice) "The years we've spent together are a stepping stone,
and we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
"A battle never seen before, a fight between the Amuro and the Okiya."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Next we will present the award for best art direction."
"(Ovation)"
-Thank you very much.
-Don't stand straight.
Continue, please.
(TV: man) "David, you've done a really fantastic job this year."
"The performance in the last movie you shot is amazing."
"Last year, when you got the award,
your voice was shaking a little bit."
Sorry to keep you waiting.
-Yes, sort of.
-Hey, you like mysteries?
Well, if you don't mind, we can start.
Look, in principle the enigma is about a simple exchange of corpses.
It's a common device in mystery novels.
(Conan voice) "Scarlet Return."
A man was shot in the head on the Raiha highway
and then burned along with his car.
The identity of the dead man was verified
thanks to the prints on his right hand,
which miraculously was not burned.
The prints corresponded to those found on a cell phone
which he appears to have touched when he was alive,
and which was owned by a child.
-What's strange?
-But it's very strange, all of it.
Well, I mean the fingerprints they found on the cell phone.
Because that man was left-handed,
and for some reason the prints they found on the cell phone
corresponded to those of the right hand.
Doesn't that seem a little suspicious to you?
Isn't there a possibility
that he was doing something with his other hand,
when he picked up the phone?
Or maybe he had no choice but to pick it up with his right hand.
But... why would he do that?
It's just a hypothesis at the moment,
but I'd say that before the man in question touched the cell phone.
another man had already picked it up,
and this one was probably right-handed.
-Yes.
-There was another man?
And it seems to me that it doesn't stop there.
Because everything indicates that they wanted 3 people to take the cell phone.
And now I ask myself this question.
The first man that they wanted to take the cell phone
was a fat man with sweaty hands.

The second was a rather thin man wearing an orthopedic collar.
And the third, an old man,
in poor health and wearing a pacemaker.
Of these men, the footprints that could be found were....
Whose do you think they were?
I would venture to say that they were those of the second man, the thin one.
It is evident that the first footprints were left by the fat man,
but despite being the first to pick up the phone, they didn't last long.
I'm sure they were wiped off by the second man,
who wouldn't be amused to pick up a filthy cell phone.
The third, the old man,
must have been afraid that the cell phone would cause problems for his pacemaker.
and I guess he shouldn't have touched it.
That's why I deduced that it must have been the thin man.
-Wait a minute...
-Yes.
From what you've given me to understand,
the man who was killed touched the mobile behind the thin man, didn't he?
So his prints should be too.
But there are ways to avoid leaving prints.
That man must have thought about what would happen,
and he put something on his fingertips beforehand.
A coating.
Of course!
Surely in Shu the fingertips had to be coated
with a transparent adhesive or something similar.
And what's more, it had to be done on both hands.
Eh?
Now I don't know where you're going with this.
I mean when he picked up Conan's phone.
With his fingertips covered,
he avoided leaving fingerprints on the cell phone.
That's why Shu dropped the coffee can.
Because of the coating he had previously put on,
which was supposed to make everything slip off his fingers.
So whose fingerprints were found on that cell phone?
(Jodie) They were not en Shu's.
They were the prints of en Rikumichi Kusuda,
who took it before him.
That is, the body they found shot in the head...
inside that burned car in Raiha, you say it's very possible that it was...
Yes, the body of Rikumichi Kusuda, for sure.
I'm not quite clear on how it was all supposed to go,
but surely in Shuichi was carrying the corpse inside the car,
dressed in the same clothes as him.
Then he made it look like he died from Rena Mizunashi's gunshot wound
and, quickly, put the corpse in the place where he was.
I get it now.
I find that a very interesting mystery.
But the man who made it look like he died from a gunshot to the head,
how did he do it so he could leave the scene afterwards?
Excuse me, but before I answer, could you turn off the TV, please?
It's just that this conversation is important.
Do you mind if we leave it on?
I'm very interested in the results of the Macademy Awards.
-Oh...
- "(TV: ovation)"
So, how did he do it, that man?
Everything leads me to believe that the man and the alleged murderer
were in cahoots.
Thus, it is very likely that he fled from there...
by sneaking into the woman's car.
In this way he managed to fool the man who was standing guard
and watched them from a safe distance.
-Yes.
-There was a man watching?
That's why I say that he totally fooled
the man who was standing guard.
In fact, on the man who was shot,
blood came out of his head and he fell to the ground.
-Yes, but that was also false.
-Did blood come out of his head?
Because the man who was shot
was always wearing a black woolen cap.
Also, I understand that in this neighborhood lives a professor...
who makes some very surprising inventions
and that they pass the hand over the face of MI6.
It would be very easy for him to come up with a mechanism
that would make blood shoot out of the cap,
even if the bullet was a blank.
So, you mean to say...
that the man had previously asked the woman
to play along and shoot him in the head?
No, the one who ordered it was neither more nor less...
than the man who was standing guard from afar.
But he had already foreseen that he would do it.
Because the man guarding them always finished off his victims like that.
It's quite unbelievable, all of it.
Besides, as we found out later,
the Akai touched that cell phone
before we let them retrieve the Rena Mizunashi, didn't he?

So, do you think it could be feasible that the Akai knew,
by some means unknown to us, that Rena would be ordered to kill him?
Absolutely.
I am sure, more than ever.
That man is a mastermind, as far as I can see.
He's like the protagonist of an espionage novel, isn't he?
Maybe he's right, but it was someone else who came up with the plan.
(Jodie) He used the cell phone with his fingerprints...
(Conan voice) You can use my cell phone if you want.
I don't mind, really.
So..., it wasn't Shu!
So, it was someone else.
It might even be that...
Eh?
Wait, Jodie.
Aaa... I just... Good riddance, then!
The proof of that...
is that the man muttered just before he was shot.
I didn't know you'd make it this far.
How about that?
Let's see, "I didn't know you'd get that far"?
Sounds to me like... he's just bemoaning his bad luck.
-That would be the most obvious interpretation.
-Don't you agree?
But the moment we add a few words at the end..,
the meaning changes radically.
"I didn't know you would go so far...
...in your predictions."
Yes, what I was doing with these words...
was nothing but praise for the boy who had devised that masterful plan.
You know what I tell him?
That it's very interesting.
-Huh?
-I'll speed it up a bit, Jodie.
Some strange cars have been following us for a while now.
Don't you wonder where he's been and what the Akai's been up to since then?
Can't you think who it could be?
Someone who uses the same expressions?
(Jodie) What expressions?
I don't know, the Akai used to use expressions...
such as "the blame is split 50/50".
Sorry, did you get hurt?
But here it's a 50/50 split.
You're responsible too, for not paying attention to your surroundings.
Aaah!
Solving the riddle from there was easy.
After the incident on Raiha's neck
all I had to do was to find one person
who had suddenly appeared in the nano's environment.
And as you can see for yourself, I have ended up here.
Although I confess that I still have to finish finding out what relationship the child has with the owner.
what relationship the boy has with the owner of this house,
a man by the name of Yusaku Kudo.
But there is one thing I am absolutely certain of,
and that is that you live here thanks to that nano.
-Eh?
-That's him, that's him!
I told you about him, didn't I?
A strange man with glasses whom I ran into at the Beika department store.
Now I'm waiting for a call.
At this moment my men must pursue your friends
to capture and hold them.
I thought I would be more willing to cooperate
if I had the feeling that the lives of your friends were in danger.
But I would really prefer you to take off your mask....
before my men called me,
Mr. Subaru Okiya.
Or is it... FBI agent...
Shuichi Akai?
"But I would really prefer that you take off your mask....
"Before my men have called me,
Mr. Subaru Okiya."
Or is it... FBI agent...
Shuichi Akai?
If this is what you want, you leave me... no other choice.
I really appreciate it.
-It can't be!
-Oh, man!
There are cars blocking the way!
Careful, don't bite your tongue.
Shut your mouth tight, okay?
-All right!
-What the hell do you do?!
Follow them!
I expected nothing less from you.
-I'm sure you must work for them.
-Who the hell are they, these people?!
Since they found out that Shu is alive,
I suppose they're trying to capture and bait us...
to lure him out of hiding.
That is to say, as it escaped me ?
that in Kusuda had committed suicide by a gunshot to the head in his car,
now I must have interfered with the Akai's plan.
Now is not the time to worry about that!
Please concentrate on getting them off your back!
(Camel, think) "Two years ago the same thing happened."
"I've done it again."
"I'm sorry, friend Akai!"
(TV: female) "An amazing creator, Jackie! I love her so much."
-Ehem!
Ahem!
-Hey, what are you doing?
I've got a bit of a cold, you know?
Could you put it back on, please?
-I didn't mean this mask.

-I wouldn't want to entrust him with a cold.
I ask you to take off the disguise you are wearing, Shuichi Akai!
"Disguise"?
"Shuichi Akai"?
Frankly, now I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
(TV: male) "Next, we will present the award for the best original screenplay."
"The winner of this award is a successful novelist...
"who claims that this is the first time
"that he has written a film script,
but who will be recognized for his track record."
"Famous for his series 'The Night Male',
is Mr. Yusaku Kudo!"
"And the title of the film is 'The Scarlet Investigator'!"
He won!
Shinichi's father has won the award for best screenplay!
And they made a news flash!
(Snoring: rrr)
That's fantastic!
Can't you find it, father?
He's asleep and drooling.
Wow, how can it be that both parents are so different?
It can't be!
The steering wheel keeps turning to the right!
What do you mean?
Earlier, when I went up the side of the mountain,
a rock must have deformed the tire and the rim.
-What?
-The tire must be losing air.
(Camel: think) "If we go on like this, they'll catch us!"
Can you explain to me what your intentions are?
What intentions?
I've done a quick look.
There are two chambers at the entrance, 3 in the corridor...
and I've counted at least 5 more
that someone has taken care to strategically hide in this room.
Are you planning to record our conversation
and send it to the FBI?
Or is there someone else in another room watching us
who hasn't missed a single detail?
Camel, do something!
If we go on like this, we'll soon be caught!
I'm sorry, but there's nothing more I can do now.
I'm sure the Akai would do something to resolve the situation...
Oh!
(Think) "Shu..."
To begin with, do you think that person looks like me?
The face, or maybe the voice?
The face can be made up, and there are voice transformers.
(Jodie: think) "Where the hell did you go?!"
"Voice transformers?
Look, this noon...
I decided it was worth a walk around the neighborhood.
I also did a little research to see if there were any devices
that Dr. Agasa, your neighbor, had invented...
that he had suddenly stopped marketing.
And I found out that he had a voice transformer
that you put around your neck
and that used the vibrations of the vocal cords
to imitate any kind of voice you wanted.
(Jodie: thinks) "Why didn't you tell us all this?"
And besides, it's the perfect size to be able to hide....
(Jodie: thinks) "Come on, answer me, Shu!"
...under a turtleneck sweater like this!
("Kimi and I don't wear," Valshe).

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Camel: think) "damn, the tire is running out of air!"
-We are lost!
- "There's nothing to do."
-Huh?
-Hurry, open the roof.
-Yes, right away!
-Come on, open it, Camel.
-Aka, is that you?
-Shuichi!
What's that?
But... it's the Akai!
How can it be?
Hey, please slow down!
We must wait for orders now.
(Mobile)
It seems to me... your cell phone is ringing.
Yes.
What's going on? (Cell phone ringing)
What took you so long?
(Mobile: Toru) "What... what the Akai what?
(Mobile: Toru) "What... what the Akai what?"
(Mobile: Toru) -Huh?
-All right, 5 seconds.
Keep going, there's a straight line of about 200 meters.
When you get there hold the steering wheel straight
and drive at a constant speed for 5 seconds.
We must end this stupid chase right now.
Yes, you guys!
Where were you, and what have you been doing all this time?
And above all, what are you doing in this car?
In the end, everything went exactly as the nano said it would.
-Yes.
-You mean Conan, don't you?
As you were beginning to suspect that maybe I wasn't dead,
they knew... you'd come to Raiha Road.

Nano was absolutely right.
The car shakes so that the tire loses air,
you won't be able to aim properly!
As long as the movement is regular... I think I'll be able to control it.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"Scarlet Truth".

