The face can be made up, and there are voice transformers.
- (Akai) Hurry, open the roof.
-Voice transformers?
-(Akai) Ah!
(Akai) -Ah!
(Akai) What?!
"What... what the Akai what?"
-Huh?
-All right, 5 seconds.
When you get there hold the steering wheel straight
and drive at a steady speed for 5 seconds.
We must end this stupid chase right now.
"The years we've spent together are a stepping stone."
"And we go full speed ahead without slowing down."
"A risky strategy, an all-or-nothing gamble."
"Who will be the first to discover the truth?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Scarlet truth."
Sorry, when you say "the nano" you mean Conan, right?
Yes.
In fact, what they wanted was to make me come out of hiding.
That's why they decided to capture some of my closest collaborators.
To carry out their mission secretly they followed him while we were driving
and you were far away from the rest of the FBI agents.
As you were beginning to suspect that maybe I wasn't dead,
they knew you were coming to Raiha Road.
The nano was absolutely right.
Camel.
That 200 meter straight ahead comes after the next right turn.
Right!
After the right turn I'll go straight ahead
and at constant speed for 5 seconds!
Can't you see it's reckless?
The car shakes so that the tire loses air,
you won't be able to aim properly.
No problem.
As long as the movement is regular... I think I can control it.
Shu...
Right turn!
I trust you, Camel.
The straight!
Got it.
One,
two,
three,
four...
(gunshot)
(Wheels: squeaking)
Apparently they're not chasing us anymore.
-I knew you'd get out, Akai!
We got them off our backs.
-Hm?
-Camel...
-Hm?
-Go back.
We got it.
You're not serious, I guess.
(Bourbon) What are you saying?
That the Akai has shot you?
And how did it end, the chase?
(Man) "Well, most of the cars are not roadworthy."
I don't want excuses!
Do as you wish, but chase him, you understand me?
If we lose him now, it will be impossible for us to find him again for a long time!
(Coughs) Could you try not to raise your voice so much?
The owner of this house has just won an important award
and is about to make his thank-you speech.
Too bad we haven't met in person yet.
Good evening.
As the presenter just said, I am Yusaku Kudo.
"If I have been able to win this award,
"It's thanks to all the people who have helped in some way
"To make this magnificent film
and took a chance on a project written by a first-time screenwriter like me."
"Therefore, I want to thank the director,
"To the technicians, to the actors and actresses...
"And I would also like to remember the person who has served as an inspiration
to build 'The Scarlet Investigator'."
Wow, you mean it's a real person?
Yes, but now it turns out that we have a big problem...
and that is that my wife has fallen in love.
In fact, he's a man who has it all: he's attractive, well-educated and elegant.
It's really pitiful and all that he's just a simple FBI agent.
Or at least that's what she keeps repeating.
There's something fascinating about Shinichi's father.
What do we follow him?
As it stands now, we have no way of doing that.
-What?
What?
Akai!
-Are you guys okay?
Akai?
Hey, what do you say?
"The Akai is here with you? Really?"
Don't take this the wrong way.
But you must understand that he was about to catch up with us.
I didn't want anyone to end up taking it wrong,

that's why I had to react this way.
I would like to make a proposal...
Would you exchange this cell phone that you are holding in your hands
for the gun that I fired a moment ago
and ran you off the road?
"Hey, what's up?"
Can't you hear me?
Explain to me what's going on!
(Akai) "It's been a while since we've talked, Bourbon."
Or maybe..., should I say Toru Amuro to be exact?
(Think) "It's at Shuichi Akai."
As a token of regret
for wrecking your classmates' cars,
I've given them a small souvenir.
The gun that in Rikumichi Kusuda used to commit suicide.
Look up the origin of the gun and maybe you'll find out something.
Besides, this is Japan,
to do this kind of thing you guys are better suited to do.
"Not the FBI, right?"
How do you know my identity?
"Even when we were in the Men in Black, I always had doubts."
but for you to let it slip to that nano
that your nickname was Zero was a big mistake, King Furuya.
"Luckily, Zero's nickname isn't very common."
"It wasn't hard to tie it together."
What you wanted was to turn me in to them and score a few points.
That way you could increase your prestige
and you could get closer to the core of the Men in Black.
"But let me tell you something."
Don't get distracted by what's in front of you and, if you want some good advice,
don't try to chase the wrong take.
"If you want me to tell you the truth,
I'd rather not have you as an enemy."
"Besides..."
You'll find it strange but it still hurts me what happened to him.
Aw, come on, Camel, start the car.
And now what do we do.
Mr. Furuya?
Do we chase them?
"No.
"Now that we know they've found out who we are,"
if we continue to chase them it could be dangerous.
Xxxxxx...
"It may seem strange to you but I'm still very sorry for what happened to you."
You'll have to excuse me, I seem to have made a mistake.
-All right.
I have to go now.
But... before I go, can I ask you something?
Yes, of course you can.
Why did you let into your house
a person with such a suspicious attitude as mine?
(Coughs) I saw her determined to talk whether it seemed right or not.
That's why I thought that she must be a chattering deliveryman of sorts
and that it was better not to contradict him.
Ah... Oh, really?
Really?
What?
Who were these men who were chasing us?
I understood absolutely nothing of what happened.
Although they work for someone,
they have the same objective as us.
They are wolves trying to get their teeth into those people.
Check, they haven't put any microphones inside the house.
Hey, you can come out now!
(twice)
Man, I'm busted.
Besides, you didn't act as you and I had planned.
But it turned out well, don't you think?
I was originally supposed to talk to the voice transformer
that was in the mask.
And if I had to take it off or he asked me a question that I didn't know how to answer.
that I didn't know how to answer, I had to rinse my neck twice.
and then you would speak through the speaker of the voice transformer
and you would answer him.
Then, when I wanted to speak again....
then I had to clear my throat only once.
So that the difference in voice would be imperceptible.
I've done very well, haven't I?
I think I deserve the award for best supporting actor.
Yes, you do.
In fact, it's her I'd like to give the award to.
Because she's still playing an excellent role on screen
even though no one knows it.
Say, Mr. Kudo, do you have plans for your next play?
At the moment... I'm working.
Gee, the booties are really killing my feet,
and the voice transformer is tickling me;
I can't stand it anymore!
You should be grateful to your mother.
After helping me with the characterization,
she had to disguise herself and take a plane current
to replace me at the Macademy Awards.
Yes, she's always had a knack for dressing up.
"Ah, she also did pretty well when she did my Ouch costume,
come to think of it."
Something.
Can you tell me if the agent I've gone to so much trouble to replace will be back with us again?
will he be back with us again?
Yes.
Because there's a person he has to protect.
And he's got it in his mind.

(Yukiko) Wow, it's perfect.
You managed to disguise yourself!
Thank you so much!
So I won't have to come back every week to check that everything is going well.
(Yukiko) -That's not necessary!
-I'm very grateful for your help.
I'm sorry, though,
it was the perfect excuse to keep coming back to see you.
Eh!
Oh!
-Hey, is it really you, Akai?
-Shu... Shu?
Sure it is.
I have the same voice as before, don't I?
Yes, but other than that you're a totally different person.
Notice, in your use of this voice transformer I wear around my neck,
and I connect it...
(Subaru voice) I become Subaru Okiya.
Your voice has changed, Akai!
All this, thanks to Dr. Agasa,
who built the voice transformer for me,
to the wife of the owner of this house, Yukiko,
who has an innate talent for disguising people as anything.
And also... to the boy who planned all this, Conan Edogawa,
who has done very well.
By the way, what kind of relationship do you have, you guys, with en Shu?
What?
Well look, I...
Actually they are distant relatives of mine!
The Akai found an apartment to live in but there was a fire.
The flames burned everything and he suddenly found himself on the street.
That's why I suggested he come to Aunt Yukiko's house to....
Well, cousin Yukiko's, because no one was living there now.
But doesn't he worry that if his son, Shinichi Kudo,
returns home and finds a stranger living, he won't take it badly?
No, I'm not worried about that at all because I've already explained it to my son.
Oi, Shin... I mean, right, Conan?
Yes!
(Akai voice) Come to think of it, Yukiko.
You mean you won't be late?
Your plane is leaving for home soon.
Blow!
Even though I'll miss the plane and everything!
See you soon, Shin... Conan, I mean.
(thinks) "Shin Conan?"
If you want me to tell you, I'm really surprised.
I didn't imagine that James was also aware of all this.
The truth is, I wasn't planning on explaining anything to him.
Who were you talking to... Rena Mizunashi?
Yes, she asked me... if we could meet.
Apparently she wants to talk to me.
So let's call Jodie
and let's explain to her how we plan to deal with this peri...
But... can you tell me what's going on here?
She finally discovered the coating on her fingertips.
So why didn't you tell us about it too?
-I've told you this before.
-I don't understand.
To deceive the enemy we have to start with our friends.
I'd say they investigated you and tried to get information out of you,
if I'm not mistaken.
If I had told you I was alive, they would have found out too.
Maybe you're right, but you don't find that I...
Besides, we also needed...
that man to really understand what our situation was.
"So, even though it wasn't easy,
we took a chance and we tried."
When you talk about that man, you mean in Bourbon,
at Toru Amuro, I mean?
Yes, to tell the truth,
I thought he would come to see me all alone.
At no time did I imagine that he would come with his true allies, just as the boy who passed by told me.
just as the boy told me would happen.
All the hatred he comes to feel for me
is much deeper than I thought.
Hey, this hatred that you were telling us about now,
does it have anything to do with what you told Bourbon on the phone?
-Huh?
- (door: doorbell)
(doorbell: doorbell) Huh?
(doorbell) Hey, guys.
-But what are you doing here, Conan? -Oh!
-Oh!
How come?
Yes, this... it turns out that...
By the way, how come you guys are here?
We came here because Subaru helped us to solve a riddle!
A riddle?
(Subaru voice) Come on, Conan, don't leave them talking at the entrance.
Why don't you tell them to come in, your friends?
How nice!
Ah, yes.
(Subaru) Right away.
Thank you very much, Subaru!
Ah!
He-he!
Do you still have curry left from the other day?
-Hurray!
-Yes, I have some left.
-Yes, Yukiko taught me.
-Shu, now it turns out that you cook too?
This way I save expenses
and besides, I think it's a good distraction.
Caram.
(Mitsuhiko) Well, it went like this.
First the doctor brought hot black tea in 4 stainless steel cups.

After this, he drew a kind of black skull?
on three of the four coasters, to show that he was not cheating.
Then he put the coasters upside down.
On top of the coaster that didn't have the skull drawn on it
he put the cup of tea with lemon.
And on top of the other 3 coasters the doctor put tea with vinegar!
Vinegar?
Then the doctor said:
"I will prove to you that I have psychic powers
and I'll find out which tea has no vinegar in it
without even smelling it.
And he did, because he picked up a cup, he started to drink,
and it was the one with the lemon tea!
Yes, and when we looked at the coaster of that cup, we were surprised to see that it did not have any vinegar in it,
we were surprised to see that it didn't have a skull on it.
Well...
You guys had moved the cups around before, I guess?
Of course we did!
With the coasters and all, taking advantage that the doctor was absent-minded.
And you really put vinegar in all 3 cups?
Yes!
When we tasted the remaining ones.
They tasted so bad, I almost threw up and everything.
The pen you used was one of those that can be erased, wasn't it?
Yes.
But the doctor didn't touch anything after drawing the skulls.
Maybe the agents that the United States is so proud of
could give you a hand and solve this enigma.
What?! (Woman) Ha-ha-ha!
(Woman) Ha-ha-ha!
So, I was right.
I told you, the Akai couldn't be alive.
(Bourbon) Yes.
There was no need for me to worry.
I hope that it serves you so that this does not happen again.
Of course;
but if a similar situation happens again,
I'd be very grateful for your help.
After all, I'm one of the few people...
who currently know your secret in all sorts of detail.
I'm sure that the members of the organization would be shocked
if they found out that the Chief has you...
If you don't shut up right now,
I will scatter your shattered brains against the windshield of the car!
If you want my advice, I wouldn't do it.
You'd have a hell of a time getting it all cleaned up.
You don't need to make an effort.
Besides, I'm informing you that it's not my car.
I wasn't referring to my brain but to what I told you just before that.
If I never disappear and no one knows where I am,
I've left everything tied up
so that your secret will immediately leak to the Men in Black.
Oh, my, what a setback.
But rest assured,
for the moment your secret is better kept than in a safe.
No need for me to worry?
-You don't need to worry about it.
Well, I think you do, because now the FBI is probably suspicious of you,
after you fight with them.
Well, no matter how suspicious they are of me...
if they don't have any evidence to incriminate me, they can't do anything to me.
It was all planned, don't worry.
(Think) "But the only thing I wasn't prepared for was..."
I'd like to know something, Amuro.
I guess you're an enemy of the bad guys, right?
I think you'd better avoid acting on your own as much as you can.
You know that Gin took the whole infiltrator thing to heart
the whole issue of infiltrators within the organization.
To start that end Eisuke Hondo, the FBI agent, the Akai,
and then that other man, that's three.
Do you remember?
That security guy who was killed before we knew what his name was.
I think his code name was...
It was the Scotch..., if I'm not mistaken.
(Camel) Gee, no Scotch, I see.
I remember you used to drink scotch before.
and you liked both scotch and bourbon, right?
Yes, but lately I only drink bourbon.
Speaking of bourbon.
I'd like to know if Bourbon wanted to turn you in to the Men in Black.
If you'd explained to them how he'd captured you...
I'm sure he must have thought that by holding you hostage.
I'd be scared and keep my mouth shut.
By the way...
do you already have the solution to the riddle of Dr. Agasa's psychic powers?
I haven't.
I've been thinking for a while, but I can't figure it out.
I can't figure out how to solve it, really.
If you want to know what the key to the riddle is, it's the pen.
The pen?
That's right.
You used an erasable pen to draw the skulls, right?
The ink is actually erased by the heat
generated by the friction of the rubber on the end of the pen.
In other words,

uses ink that disappears when heat is applied.
This means that, regardless of which mug the doctor chose,
the skull drawn on the coaster would still have disappeared thanks to the heat of the tea!
thanks to the heat of the tea!
But, Conan, the three cups of tea that remained free?
I assure you that they tasted awful.
I can imagine, Mitsuhiko, because all four cups had vinegar in them.
The doctor made you believe that your tea tasted good.
-Snort!
-It can't be.
So this means that he...
He cheated?
Most magic tricks are cheating, when you know how they're done.
-Excuse me, but...
-Yes, you're right. -Yes, you're right.
Why did you ask us so many times if we were being followed...
and then had us come all the way to this house?
I don't think it's to show us your tea disguise skills.
No.
(Akai voice) Today the Kir... the Rena Mizunashi, sent me a message.
What?!
This to me is proof that those people still don't know you're alive.
-Probably not.
-Isn't it true?
But it's very strange, because the message contained only 3 letters.
Three letters?
And nothing else?
-No.
-Is it an abbreviation of something?
It's the name in English of a liquor that you both know very well
and it's called rum.
Rum.
One of its code names.
-Rum?
-Rum? -Oh!
While I was part of the Men in Black
I heard that name once.
He's a trusted advisor to the head of the organization.
What?
An advisor to the head?
Well, we don't have any information about that.
(Akai) "Since he only sent these three letters,
it was most likely a message of an urgent nature."
(Akai) "Maybe he didn't have time to send you anything."
"Get to know James and tell him that a big shot will soon make a move,
understood?"
"It's someone more important than Gin."
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Hello, good di... Eh?
Liar.
This is what you have to tell me?
Well, look who's talking.
Aaah!
Eh?
We can't wait for the police to arrive.
I'll find out the culprit of the warnings and threats
and save TB, whoever it is.
Hey, Eimi.
Who is he, this Romeo guy?
Oh.
Give me a break.
You're a pain in the ass.
I told you, he's the one to blame.
Wait a minute, Sonoko.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Welcome to Vega's Club'."

