(Birds: chirping)
-Ahead.
(Door: knock)
Meijin Taiko, it's time.
Come on, please don't call me that.
That I'm not yet, I don't have it, the title of Meiji.
But you can not deny that, already for a long time, everyone calls you "Meijin Taiko".
And now you only need to earn a title to become Meiji.
Don't say wheat until you have it in the bag.
Also, you should keep in mind...
that in this tournament we're tied 3-3 at the moment.
And in the last game yesterday he didn't have it easy,
I will sweat a lot to win my opponent, who is very good.
But the commentators said that you had done very well,
because you had managed to counter the attack of your opponent
in a very compromising situation.
And the opponent thought long and hard
when the hidden move was revealed to him.
Do you really believe it?
Eh?
-Is she your girlfriend?
-Oh, a photo!
Yeah, sort of, something like that.
(Think) "My Yumi."
(Yumi voice) "What, that old envelope?"
I threw it away, what was I supposed to do?
What?!
You didn't call me anymore and never said anything to me, handsome!
What did you expect me to do, from the coi above?
But... I told you that the guard, don't you remember?
That the guarded and you didn't open it until I didn't have all 7 titles.
Well... I threw it away without even opening it.
But why did you throw away the glass?
Did it cost you so much to keep it,
until this moment I told you about?
And what... what happened now, Sutzekichi?
because you remembered the pretty agent Yumi
and asked him out on his holiday?
-Huh?
Ah...
-Can you tell me?
That I'm about to get the seventh title
and I wanted to make sure you still had the envelope
because you opened it the moment I was proclaimed Meiji.
-No, nothing else.
That's all.
-And that's all?
-I'm leaving, pretty boy.
- (thinks) "For the time being."
Yu-Yumi!
Wait, wait, wait!
Where are you going?
-Huh?
-Hey!
You're the Meijin Taiko?
Of course, you are!
I'm a big fan of yours!
Could you sign an autograph for me?
-Huh?
Where are you? (woman) Thank you, come back soon.
- (woman) Thank you, come back soon.
Yumi!
Yumi...!
All right, the game begins..., Shukichi Haneda.
(Shinichi voice) "The years we've spent together are a stepping stone,
and we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
"A blackmail based on a kidnapping,
and a case to be solved with shogi."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
(Conan Voice) "Meijin Taiko's Love Match (Part One)"
What is about to start?
It's about to start.
What are you talking about?
Today, a person you already know has a crucial game.
Meijin Taiko, guys.
If he wins this tournament, he will be the next Meijin of shogi.
And he already has the other 6 titles before him in this category.
What?
So he has won all 6 crowns?
This must be something like baseball's triple crown.
Yes.
Because if he is proclaimed Meiji, he will have won the seventh crown.
And he will be the second in history to do so.
This is what Yumi told us,
the 7 titles that Shukichi explained to him that he had to win.
Yes, yes, that must be it.
Isn't it?
And now that he will have won all 7 titles and will be proclaimed Meiji,
she will finally be able to open the envelope?
-I think I know, what's in it.
-Other, what should there be, inside?
A form to start... the wedding proceedings.
Don't smoke, Ay!
So you're saying that Yumi will get married?
We don't run so fast.
It'll be great!
Think of all this as just guesswork.
(Mobile)
Eh?

(Masumi) "Hello, Conan, how are you?"
Yes, hello, say?
Gee, you, are you the Masumi?
"Well, I'm fine, and you?"
Look, I was calling you because I just moved to another hotel.
And I was wondering if I'd like to come and see you for a while.
It's the Hyde Pride Hotel, Conan.
It's very close to the Mouri Detective Agency.
"I can't. It's just that I'm driving, right now."
"What's the matter, are you investigating another case?"
No, I'm on a sightseeing trip with the whole group.
(Girl) Meijin Taiko!
Meijin Taiko!
Meijin Taiko!
Oh...
I've already told you, even though I'm not Meiji, and I have to run,
because the tournament is about to start again.
Before you go,
I was instructed to give this to you at the start of the second day of the tournament.
Ah, geez!
Is it a letter?
A stranger knocked on the door
and handed me this envelope early yesterday morning.
He said I was sure you would accept it
when you saw the sender's name.
Is it from Yumi?
(Think) "How strange. How come she's sending me a letter?"
It is time to reveal the hidden movement.
The hidden move is... general silver at 5-6.
-Huh?
-I need to think.
6 times crowned Haneda!
But where?
6 times crowned Haneda!
-Huh?!
-To Tokyo, please.
Eeeh!
(Male voice) "I have your girlfriend.
If you want to save her, you must read the moves of my game,
decipher them, and vence'm.
I will wait until your game time limit is up.
Don't tell anyone and, naturally,
do not contact the police.
Signed, the Headless Shogi Player."
"First game. The robbers attack one of the 7 shrines.
And on the second day they empty the shrine completely.
They also kidnap the monk's daughter, who was hiding in the well.
Look at the attached photo."
(Think) "Yu-Yumi!"
(Think) I used 4 hours and two minutes
to the last part of the first day."
"Even discounting the hour I took for lunch,
I have less than 6 hours left!"
"I'm sorry for always keeping you waiting."
"But...I promise...I promise I'll come to your rescue."
"Hold on, please!"
(Think) "Sure the place is this..., but where is the well?"
"Where should it stop?"
"I only have 4 hours and 10 minutes left."
"I have to find the well before the time runs out, or..."
Eh?
You... you're...?
Eh?
The Meijin Taiko?
Gee, what happened?
Shouldn't you be in the shogi tournament?
Yes, that's true, but it's just that...
It's just... I thought I could use some fresh air.
The Meiji title tournament
isn't it held in a hotel in Yamanashi Prefecture?
Ah, yes, yes, but I wanted to take two hours to pray to the gods.
Oops!
But in your Meijin Taiko!
Eh ?!
Can you sign an autograph for me?
Please, sign me an autograph!
Shut up, shut up, please, shut up...!
Wow, you!
I think it's the Meijin Taiko.
-No, it can't be him at all.
-Really?
I'm a big fan.
Today he has the tournament to proclaim himself Meiji.
Ah, well then... it's one that looks a lot like him and quite a lot like him.
This way, if someone is spying on you,
they'll think we're fans of yours that you can't get rid of.
And since it's very strange that you came all the way here on the day of the tournament,
you have been taken for someone who looks like Meijin Taiko but is not.
He has.
You're right.
That's a good idea.
Can you tell me why you really came here,
while you pretend to sign an autograph for me?
Yes, OK.
- (Mitsuhiko) They've kidnapped Yumi?!
- (Ayumi) It can't be!
-Xxxt!
- (Genta) This must be a joke!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Gee..., these kids!"
So what, did you find something, in the well?
No, although I was looking for it, because I have no idea where it stops.
What do you know, you guys?!
Don't tell me you know where the well is!
Yes, in this sanctuary there is only one well,
so it must be that one by force.
And we know where it is because we went to see it a while ago.
It has always been said that going to see brings good luck,
and that's why everyone who comes here goes.
It is a very famous attraction.
The Kiyomasa well is the only well in the whole shrine,

and had it excavated at Kiyomasa Kato.
The great knight Kiyomasa was serving his lord, Hideyoshi.
He was a very brave warrior on the battlefield
and also a master castle builder,
who built Kumamoto Castle.
It's true, they say he once defeated a tiger and everything.
And a TV presenter who put a picture of the well as the wallpaper of his mobile phone
as the wallpaper of his cell phone,
became very popular and became a star.
Now though it has become much more famous than it was,
of being a place that brings good luck.
The name Taiko comes from the famous Taiko Hashiba Hideyoshi, right?
Your name is Meijin Taiko and you don't know anything about this famous character who had the same name as you?
who had the same name as you?
-Oh, yes, it's that....
-How can it be?
Taiko is not my real name, it's a nickname.
- (all) Eh?
-But there's something I don't understand.
I don't understand how did you know
that in this text they are referring to this particular shrine.
"The thieves attack one of the 7 shrines.
And on the second day they empty the shrine completely.
They also kidnap the monk's daughter, who was hidden in the well ".
The number 7 is a reference to the 7 higher titles of shogi.
Meijin..., Ryuo..., Kio...
Ah.
Osho..., Oza..., Kise...
and Oi, which is the most basic of all 7.
In the note describing the movements,
the kidnapper signs himself as "the Headless Shogi Player".
And he asks Shukichi to decipher his game
if he wants to save Yumi.
In the game of shogi, unlike chess,
it is not about killing the opponent's king,
but to steal the treasure of this king.
The reference to the empty shrine means that the treasure, the king!
is no longer there, it has disappeared from the stage.
And the 7 superior titles of shogi,
the only ones that do not contain the character "king" are Meijin and Kise.
are Meijin and Kise.
If it took two days for the treasure to disappear,
it must be a tournament played over two days.
Of the shogi tournaments played over two days:
Meijin, Ryuo, Huevo and Osho,
the only one that does not have the character of king to the name is Meijin.
In other words, the enigma points without a doubt?
the shrine containing the name "Meijin".
And this is the shrine of Meiji, then this is it.
That's why you have abandoned the game you were playing
and came with the cab precisely to this shrine.
Yes, of course.
As the text of the kidnapper explains
that the thieves kidnapped the monk's daughter,
I figured I might find
some clue to Yumi's abduction near the well.
The abductor seems to imply that he will wait
until the game time runs out.
But then how much time do you still have left?
Well, I estimate about 3 hours and 50 minutes.
So, from what you say,
I deduce that your deadline is 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
We are very tight, we have to hurry, we don't have time to spare.
(All 3) Yes!
Back to the Kiyomasa well, come on!
Eh?
But there's a long queue!
I'll go by myself, children.
Don't worry, Shukichi.
Not many people go there now, it was more popular in the past.
At Kiyomasa and at Taiko they liked
big celebrations and shogi.
If we go together, maybe the well will bring us luck.
But it seems to me that the real Taiko, the one from the old days,
would not be half as strong as you.
(Man) What?!
That the six-time crowned Haneda has gone to Tokyo?
-And where did he go, Tokyo?
-But... but is this true?
I don't know.
I called him several times on his cell phone, but he didn't pick it up.
So I can't tell you.
-Eh?
-He doesn't have it on him.
There is an unwritten rule, but all players always follow it,
that forbids the use of cell phones during a game of shogi.
In this day and age,
cell phones are like little computers...
and they can be used to search for moves,
and that would be unfair.
I have no idea what might have happened to him.
But, before he left, he said he needed time to think.
If we are to go by his words,
it still can't be said
that he has thrown in the towel against Meijin Chikara Katsumata.
What we have to do is to wait...
to see if the man who is trying to defeat me
takes all 7 titles and becomes a living god.
(Genta) Apa here!

What a queue there is now!
It's true, there are a lot more people than before.
It will take us a long time to get to the well, we'll get beards.
Wow, how bad I feel, children, to have got you involved in this.
I'm a real mess.
There's no waiting time for shogi, and I'm always making her wait.
And, besides, it's been that way ever since I met her.
But what do you mean by that?
You mean how you met Yumi?
But listen, guys...
Tell us, please, go on.
That she's been kidnapped, Yumi!
This is a very serious matter!
But maybe it's a good way to kill time
while we wait in line.
-Yes, all right.
Will you tell us, Shukichi?
We met about 10 years ago.
I had finished a qualifying tournament,
I'd taken the Tohti line train.
The tournament had ended up leaving a bitter taste in my mouth and,
mentally I was totally exhausted.
-Hey, listen.
-And when I woke up...
-Huh?
Ah-ah!
-Wake up, boy.
Gee, I'm so sorry!
Did I really fall asleep?
Yeah..., and you've been drooling all over my shoulder.
What?!
I've been drooling?!
-Huh?
-Stop it, it doesn't matter.
Hurry up, you've got to get down!
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
-Isn't this your stop?
But... How do you know?
You had the ticket in your hand, I saw it.
I saw it. Eh?
All right, I'll pull over here, bye-bye.
Thank you very much for waking me up.
(Thinking) "Eh? Will you take a train in the other direction?"
"I thought this stop was yours too."
Hey, hi, Miwako.
I fell asleep on the train and skipped 5 or 6 stops.
I'll take a train in the other direction and get there right away.
Start walking towards the karaoke, I'll be right there.
But... but like this..., did you expect it to be my stop?
What?
Did you really arrive at your stop and didn't get off the train?
You waited until it was my stop to wake me up?
Yes.
It's just that you were so cute sleeping.
I didn't feel like waking up, I felt sorry for you.
Maybe to you it will seem a cheesy story.
But for me,
I live immersed in the cold, mental world of shogi tournaments,
Yumi's smile that day...
-Yes, she is a very nice person.
How nice, Yumi.
-Yumi is counting on you!
How sweet, that she did that.
You have to get your act together and rescue her no matter what!
-A Meijin can never lose!
-You have to live up to the title of Meiji!
It's actually, guys..., even though I'm not, Meiji's.
-Eh?
-I haven't won it, the title!
Guys, I guess we're next.
It's finally our turn.
Please don't touch the well, if you'd be so kind.
(All) Yes.
(Shinichi, think) "The clue must be in the vicinity of the well."
"There's something among the stones."
"This is... a piece of shogi, the spearman!"
This is the clue that the kidnapper has left by Shukichi?
(Conan voice) Yes...
And on this side of the piece is engraved "second game".
Hey, does the word "spearman" mean anything to you?
- (all 3) Ah!
-Well, no, it doesn't tell me anything.
See, behind the piece there is a strange diagram engraved!
Let's see?
What is it?
Check..., Shukichi Haneda.
or you have no choice but to take my crowned pawn.
But then this captured rook will disrupt your attack...
and completely shatter your formation!
My victory is unstoppable.
And this was meant to happen...
for 10 years!
(All) Mmm...
Eh?
And doesn't this look a bit like a face?
Does it?
Does it look like... a face to you?
Does it?
Yeah, kind of... kind of like that.
-Doesn't it?
-Maybe yes, a little bit.
And couldn't it be the kidnapper's face?
You're kidding!
It couldn't be.
We should decipher the meaning of the numbers
inside these circles.
Well, they are a 7 and a 3.
The 7 may refer to the 7 titles, but what about the 3?
To me the only thing that comes to my mind
is the third level professional league.
Wow.
It's Inspector Sato.
(Mobile)
What?!
The police?!
Hello, Conan, how are we doing?
This is Sato.
Hey, do you have any idea where Yumi is?
She hasn't come to work for two days and hasn't told us anything.

He has not been home and is not answering his cell phone.
Do you have any idea where he might be?
I do know where he is.
"Can you feel me, Conan?"
What a ?!
I just talked to her right now.
Yumi explained to me
that the night before last she had too much to drink,
took a cab and ended up in a small town she didn't know at all.
And it turns out that she had lost her cell phone and her wallet with all her money.
And just now he called me
from a public phone booth with four coins he had in his pocket.
But he ran out of coins and the call was cut off.
It's been two days wandering around an unfamiliar town!
"Relax, Sato, I'm sure Yumi will find a way ?
to get in touch with us."
But it would be nice if he had the mini patrol car ready
for when that time comes.
"All right, Conan. So let's do this."
You heard him, can you handle it?
Yes, yes, Inspector.
I'll talk to my superiors.
-Yeah. -Yeah.
-So I can count on you.
Gee, this Yumi...
(Think) "How come she hasn't gone to a police station, Yumi?"
Well, now we'll have a police car ready...
for when we might need it.
All that's left is to decipher this riddle of numbers.
We must find out why he put 7 and 3.
Shukichi, do you know if this spearman has any other meaning?
It may be a kind of amulet to ensure that pregnancies go well.
It used to be used to designate
the female workers in the red light district.
-Why, red?
-What is the red light district?
It seems to me
that "red" is because it refers to something piggy.
Oh, that...
Y... why did they call the red-light district workers
to the workers of the red light district?
No idea, but lancers are the soldiers who carry spears.
You mean the ancient weapons of war?
How come, in shogi, spearmen are a type of token?
Why do they call them so, these counters?
So that the spearman moves in a straight line across the board,
as if it were a spear.
Yes, it has the movement of a spear.
(Think) "Wait a minute. In Kiyomasa Kato wasn't it...?"
(Thinks) "So this 7 and this 3 come from..."
"It's crystal clear!"
"I get it."
So you've already figured out the key to this riddle of 7 and 3?
It would be nice if one of you would be so kind as to explain it to us.
Doctor Agasa, take the car, please!
Very well, all right.
We'll explain it to you once we get to the place where we have to go.
But I warn you, guys,
this place is in the middle of a hill with a most frightening name.
Do you want to come anyway?
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
A... a Yuureizaka ?!
It's a double attack against his king and his silver general.
Yes, yes!
Now I can rook to 4-8 and win!
(Shinichi, thinks) "The pieces on this board..."
(He thinks) "... indicate that group of 7!"
"And if we go by the position of this rook..."
"...the place where Yumi is being held is surely..."
In the car, hurry!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
"Meijin Taiko's love match (Part Two)."

