"The second day of the Meiji title tournament at Shukichi Haneda,
"Also known as the 'Meijin Taiko', crowned 6 times,
receives an envelope before the start of the match."
"Inside, there is a note with a riddle,
and a picture of his girlfriend, agent Yumi Miyamoto."
"To save Yumi,
"In Haneda, he leaves the game and heads for the shrine
that seems to indicate the riddle."
"There, he bumps into us, the Junior Detective League,
who are on a sightseeing tour."
"And we all get to work together to rescue Yumi."
"Check... Shukichi Haneda."
"You have no choice but to take my crowned pawn."
"But then this captured rook will disrupt your attack
and completely shatter your formation!"
"My victory is unstoppable."
"The years we have spent together are a springboard."
"And we move forward at full speed without slowing down."
"Keys we found in historical scenarios
to make the kidnapper kill!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"Meijin Taiko's love match (part two)"
A... to Yuureizaka ?!
Why did they give this mountain such a scary name?
Well, it seems that because it is a desolate hill with temples on both sides,
a place conducive to the appearance of ghosts.
All this is explained on this side of the stick.
-Come on.
-You're right.
I thought it was a hill leading to the gates of hell.
Guys, our destination is a cemetery...
that's halfway up this hill.
Isn't that where we're going to Meijin Taiko Haneda?
Yes.
At the Kiyomasa well, among the pebbles,
we found a spearman's piece from the game of shogi.
And on one of the faces, there were the numbers 7 and 3,
in circles making an intersection.
In Kiyomasa Kato, the spear and the 7 make us come to mind....
the 7 generals known as "the seven spears",
who led their forces to victory at the battle of Shizugatake.
The number 3 added to the theme of the spearman
is a reference to the "three great spears of Japan":
the Otogine, the Hinomotogo and the Tonbogiri.
There is a man who was one of the 7 spearmen at the battle of Shizugatake,
and who also possessed one of the three great spears of Japan.
It was Masanori Fukushima,
who received the Hinomotogo from Hideyoshi Toyotomi!
It is said that, on one occasion....
when he was drinking with Kanbei Kuroda's servant..,
he won this spear in a bet!
That's right.
Yes.
And apart from all this, there is another clue:
the inverted T that crosses the circles of the 7 and 3
on one side of the piece is the symbol of the cemeteries.
So we go to the tomb of Masanori Fukushima,
which is where all the clues converge.
Yes.
You really have no idea, Shukichi?
Of the person Yumi has kidnapped.
If he calls himself the Headless Shogi Player,
he must have some connection with shogi.
I don't know.
No idea.
"Could it be...? Could it be...?"
(Man) "Rook at 4-8!"
"Rook at 4-8!"
"This move is a double attack against their king
and your silver general."
"Go on, take my crowned pawn!"
"And this way I can make the move that will lead me to victory!"
"My wife is waiting for me at the hospital....
for me to bring her the news of my victory."
"Then I will move to professional level B."
"And I'll be able to have her transferred to a much better hospital."
(Token: pica)
"Yes, yes! Now I can Rook to 4-8 and win!"
No!
Wait!
No waiting time, shogi!
No, sir!
Eh?
"How come my crowned pawn is still on the board?"
-Sorry.

-What was that noise?
I was playing with the piece while I was thinking and it stung me against the wood.
What?
But you can't make two moves in a row.
Therefore, you've already lost the game.
I guess there won't be any need for a post-game discussion, will there?
"That cheater is 6 times crowned? You must be joking!"
"After that I was so overwhelmed,
"That I didn't make it in time to be with my wife before her death,
and I couldn't play shogi anymore!"
"Very good."
"Now we'll play that game again?
Shukichi Haneda!"
"As long as... you are able to find the place where I am."
Don't you find that it's a very strange tombstone, this one?
In fact, the stones make the shape of a kind of pagoda.
And the small one next to it is that of Masanori's son.
- (Agasa) It's just a tombstone.
- (Ai) But there is nothing here.
The real tomb may be somewhere else.
Yes, it seems that there are also tombstones in Nagano, Kyoto, Wakayama,
and there's one in Hiroshima and everything.
If the kidnapper has given the Shukichi to the Meiji Shrine....
there was not enough time left to make him go to distant cemeteries,
so I thought it must be this one here.
Hey, there's something here, behind the tombstone.
There's something here, behind the tombstone!
-Huh?
-Oh, it's a shogi board!
Wow, it's heavy!
(Masumi) I've already bathed!
What, so you've fallen asleep?
(Masumi) Eh?
The TV remote control?
Hm?
A shogi tournament?
Funny thing, the pieces are glued to the board.
And there are two that have been nailed to the board.
With this the kidnapper tells us that we have to go where the nail is.
Does this arrangement correspond to a strategy?
No.
I don't remember any formation like this.
What surprises me is that this rook is nailed on top of the bishop.
And that the gold and silver generals are on top of each other.
And although of the other pieces there is only one of each,
of bishops, on the other hand, there are two.
But I confess that I have no idea what this means.
Well, maybe it means "he".
It is very strange.
Seen from here it looks like the drawing of the hiragana character for "he".
But instead, looking from this part here,
it looks like the drawing of the number 7.
I think it is much more likely that it is the number 7.
In the first riddle there was a reference to the 7 titles of shogi.
And in the second, to the 7 spears of the battle of Shizugatake.
"He's right."
Eh?
(Ayumi) Ah!
There's something written on the side of this piece!
(Mitsuhiko) It says "vain".
(Agasa) There's also an inscription on the bottom of the gold general.
It says "lazy".
So the bishop that is nailed below the rook
is what has "vain" written on it,
and the gold general above the silver one says "lazy".
I think I've got it!
The gold general, as it is riding on the silver one,
has it much easier to advance and that's why he is lazy.
The bishop is making the fort by carrying the rook, which weighs a lot,
and that's why they've written that he's vain, the boy.
The rook would be the "heaviest" piece there is in the game of shogi, no?
-I'm sure you got it right!
-Ouch!
Mitsuhiko, you're a crack!
But... what's the key here, which is useful for us?
Ah...
Ah, well... I haven't thought of that yet.
-Eh?
-But it's strange.
In shogi, the golden general is a piece with very limited moves,
equivalent to those of the king.
The bishop is a strong piece that moves any distance diagonally.
And it doesn't need to charge the rook, to look strong, because it already is.
Mmm...
We have two and a half hours of game time left.
And about 30 minutes, to rescue Yumi, first,
and then make the trip to Yamanashi
to continue the tournament game in order to become Meiji.
-What?
-I don't plan to go back to the tournament.
You told them you needed time, as if you wanted to go back.
Is that how you throw in the towel, Shukichi?
If I hadn't said I needed time to think,
I would have lost the tournament.
I wouldn't have the time I had left to play the game any more
and I would have endangered Yumi.
And besides, I can always try to win the seventh crown at another time.
Yes, you are absolutely right.

Our priority now must be to rescue Yumi from her kidnapper.
You know what I think?
It's as if the kidnapper knows who we are.
But you really don't see it?
First there were six of us: the Detective League and the doctor.
And then the seventh member joined us, in Shukichi.
"Another member has joined us."
"The seventh member."
It's a little bit like what happens with the pieces on this board.
But listen to something, Ay,
how do you know that a piece has been added at the last minute?
It's the bishop.
Each player only has one, bishop, at the start of the game!
Yes, and this one is stuck under the rook,
just as we are stuck without being able to solve the riddle.
No, you are wrong.
The member who joined the group at the last moment....
-Eh?
-It's not this bishop!
"There were 8 at the beginning, but they became 6."
"And a new member joined the group. The thing is obvious."
...indicate that group of 7!"
"The pieces of this board...
"And if we go by the position of this rook..."
"The place where Yumi is being held is surely..."
In the car, hurry!
-Have you solved the riddle of the game?
-Eh?
Yes!
Yumi is in a place in the Haido district!
(Ai) The 7 deadly sins?
So the pieces on the shogi board referred to the seven deadly sins?
Yes.
The 7 deadly sins started out as 8.
Which were: throat, lust, greed,
sadness, anger, laziness, vanity and pride.
You see, 8 in total.
Vanity they put together with pride.
And later also sadness with laziness.
Then there were 6,
but later they added envy and they became 7.
Like the 7 pieces of the shogi board in the cemetery.
Have you been able to deduce which is the piece that indicates each specific sin?
Also, in the case of the bishop, there would be two, right?
No, the bishop that was crossed by key had "vain" written on it,
therefore it is clear that it corresponds to vanity.
And the other bishop, based on its position, would be envy.
Isn't it true that I am saying it well, Meijin Taiko?
Yes;
as the bishop can only move diagonally,
it can go to certain squares and that's it.
The bishop that was not there at the start
was now there because it had been captured from its first master...
and its second owner had strategically placed it in that position.
This second bishop is the newcomer in the group, i.e. the envy!
I get it.
The golden general, with the label of "lazy", is laziness,
and it was paired with the silver general, sadness.
And the tower nailed with the label "vain" is pride.
The tower placed on top of the other tile has a position that suggests prominence and superiority.
that suggests prominence and superiority.
Two characteristics that are often associated with pride.
Yes.
Well, guys, I confess that I don't quite get it.
Where do we go from here, where is the clue?
As we just said, the tower crossed by key is pride.
I don't know if you know this, but the English word for pride is "pride".
And from here, it's easy:
the only place in the neighborhood that has "pride" in the name is the Hyde Pride Hotel.
I'm sure Yumi is being held in one of the rooms.
For he must be credited with being a solicitous force kidnapper?
leaving all these clues.
He probably wanted us to find her eventually,
that's why he made it so that if someone found the board he couldn't change it.
It's not impossible to solve it with just the word "pride".
I'm sure that right now the kidnapper is waiting for the Meijin Taiko to arrive.
for the Meijin Taiko to arrive... in his hotel room.
But something.
Are you sure, that this is already the final place?
Yes, because the riddles that the kidnapper has been presenting to us...
were titled "first", "second" and "third game"..,
as if it were a shogi tournament.
And we have already solved the riddles of the first three games.
If we now win the next game,
which would be the last game of the Meiji title, victory will be ours!
Now we are already in the hotel, but how will we know which room?
We don't have to worry about it.

The kidnapper wants the Taiko to go to play the last game.
So, surely, by asking the front desk?
Ah.
Welcome, Mr. Haneda!
We were asked to escort you to the room as soon as you arrived.
Mr. Haneda is already here.
"The door lock is taped shut."
Hey, wait a minute.
"You want us to go in and that's enough?"
Yumi!
Answer if you're here!
Yumi!
Stay where you are.
Or press this button.
Shukichi Haneda is the only one allowed to enter.
If anyone breaks this rule,
the bomb attached to the sofa will explode.
I warned you not to tell
and yet you took all these people with you.
I have to admit that not one of them looks like a police officer.
In the end it turned out to be you, Tanimori.
It's about time we continued the game you interrupted 10 years ago.
If you'd like to please sit down...
I'm sure you don't remember anymore:
I had checkmated you with my crowned pawn taking it to 4-2.
King in the same place.
You're very wrong, I haven't forgotten that game.
It has never left my mind, in these 10 years.
I capture your crowned pawn with my king.
Will you move me, please?
Of course, by all means.
And I take the rook to 4-8 and with that I win the game for good.
Ha-ha-ha!
I threaten the king and the silver general!
And I have already won the game!
"Keiko..., I've finally done it."
"I've taken revenge for what happened 10 years ago."
"Finally, Keiko!"
Bishop to 4-7.
What?
Bishop to 4-7.
Rook in the same place.
- (Tanimori) Llancer to 5-3, check.
-(Tanimori) King to 5-1.
- (Tanimori) Rook to 4-2, check.
- (Haneda) King at 6-2.
(Haneda) King at 7-1.
Eh?
(Haneda) Oh!
(Haneda) Now my king is safe and you have no salvation.
Checkmate, Tanimori.
When I realized I could beat you, I got excited.
The piece slipped out of my hand and made that thud,
and you thought I had already moved and ran to move you.
Bishop at 4-7 is a very brilliant move, I congratulate you.
Even if I could have continued I would have lost the game anyway.
I'm sorry, but...
before we started our game, I sensed your conversation,
when you were on the phone with the hospital.
What?
As bad as my wife is,
I can't come to the hospital until this game is over.
Tell her to hold on a little longer,
I'll try to finish quickly and bring him the victory!
I wanted to finish the game quickly,
so that you could go to the hospital with your wife.
And, unintentionally, I was very rude.
What a ?
So the comment you made before leaving was also about that?
I don't think a post-departure discussion will be necessary, will it?
Because I didn't waste any more time and could go to the hospital immediately?
(cries)
I had a totally unjustified grievance against you.
So defuse the bomb, please!
No need to worry.
No bomb, it was a lie.
Your girlfriend is fine.
She's just sleeping, because I gave her some pills first, Mr. Meijin Taiko.
Yumi!
Yumi!
Yumi!
Eh?
Oh!
-Yumi, sweetie!
-You're in "Sutzekichi"!
-You're the mini police car.
-But where am I?
Yes, Conan called me to come and get you.
He told me that you had been kidnapped
and that Haneda had rescued you from the place where you were being held prisoner.
Eh?
By the way, I wonder where the bastard who kidnapped me is!
Dr. Agasa has taken her to a police station
because he gave himself up to the police.
But then, where are we going, with the mini police car?
To the hospital.
You have been kidnapped for two days and we have to make sure that you are in good health.
But the kidnapper has not sexually assaulted me in any way.
When I came out of the cafeteria
he put a chloroformed cloth on my nose to put me to sleep and took me away.
But then he let me go to the bathroom
and has been feeding me and giving me water for these two days.
Shukichi, you've been amazing.
This morning you were in a shogi tournament, which was very important to you.
-Mm?
-And you abandoned her for Yumi.
A shogi tournament, you say?

Yes, because I wanted to get the Meiji title.
And so you gave it up to help me?
And you could not continue with the tournament?
Well, it should be before three o'clock at the Tokiwa Hotel
in Yamanashi Prefecture.
But there's less than an hour and a half left, I don't think I'll make it.
"Sutzekichi, my friend, you would do well not to despise this minicar.
(Loud speaker) Hey, the one with the gray car!
Change lanes and let us pass!
Attention all cars, clear the way immediately!
Yumi, for God's sake, stop, you're going too far!
And besides, we're practically in Yamanashi already.
(Siren)
Mini patrol car, pull over to the shoulder!
"I was afraid this would happen."
Your police ID looks authentic,
but what are they doing with the siren on around here?
This isn't Tokyo, it's Yamanashi Prefecture!
W-we had our reasons, really, officer.
If we don't hurry, "Sutzekichi" will be late for the Meiji Tournament!
The Meiji Tournament, you say?
Mm?
Oh!
At his Meijin Taiko!
-But you don't remember me?
-Yes, I do.
It's me, man!
He signed my autograph at the coffee shop the other day.
Hey, what's going on?
Don't tell me that in "Sutzekichi" he's some kind of celebrity?
Yes, he is.
Good bye, Meijin Taiko!
I wish you the best of luck in the tournament.
-Great, we're on time.
Good, it's 02:57.
-Hey?
What's wrong with you?
-What's wrong with you?
No!
I lost it!
That picture of you making the victory sign.
I must have dropped it somewhere.
Oops.
Never mind, that.
Don't waste any more time.
Come in at once.
But I can't!
This photo is my lucky charm!
I lost the tournament, last year, because I neglected it!
Oh!
What do you think of this?
What do you bet it will bring you more good luck than the photo?
Yes.
Yes!
Well, prove to him that you're a champion!
Yes!
Are there humorous monologue tournaments...
where you can win the title of Meiji that you all said?
-I've got it down.
-You're saying? -You're saying?
The kimono in "Sutzekichi" I am sure
I'm sure it's the kind worn by amateur stand-up comedians.
She has 30 seconds left.
-They don't deserve it.
-Thank you very much for waiting for me.
But how will you do now?
You've used up almost all the time you had.
You only have one minute to finish the game.
Yes, I have.
But at this very moment
a minute, for me, has an infinite duration.
("Kimi y no uso", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Masumi) Did you see?
There's a police car parked in front of the hotel.
Did you see anything happen?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
(Masumi) What?
What a strange answer.
Wow, what a one!
Wow, that's a big one!
Isn't it, Conan?
Well, I...
Who is that woman?
I recognized her right away.
It's President Oiso's daughter.
She's what?
My... my necklace.
You went swimming a while ago.
It might have been in the pool.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The mystery of the pool (part one) '."

