Do you really think you can trust these kids?
It's Conan Edogawa, isn't it?
Although I admit he seems very perceptive.
Don't suffer, that's why.
So what?
When did you say he's coming, this nano?
We'll meet him around that time.
He should be here soon.
I hope you made it clear that he had to come by himself.
Yes.
I was very insistent that he shouldn't invite the other children.
-You see?
He's already here.
- (door: knock)
Be sure to handle the matter with caution.
If we see that it's not worth it,
we'll have to consider leaving here
and look for another base of operations.
Yes, I know.
Come on, come on, hide in the bathroom until you're sure.
-Yes, I'm coming.
- (door: knock)
-Hello!
-I was waiting for you, Conan.
Eh?
Hi, we decided to come with him.
What?
No... you had to come without anyone?
It's just that when I told them
that you had told me that the hotel had a pool,
they insisted on coming at all costs and I couldn't do anything.
Eh?
Come on, wasn't it good for you that we came, Masumi?
No, it's not that...
I'm a little surprised because I didn't expect it at all.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...!
Well, if you want, you can go to the pool.
I'll change and I'll be right back.
I'll see you now.
I'll see you in a minute.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Majadero!
"The years we've spent together are a springboard."
"And we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
"Broken glass in the pool."
"A strange noise and a case with no solution in sight."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"The mystery of the swimming pool (part one)."
Gee, it sure is big!
I think it's a little smaller than the one we have in the summer tower.
"But how big is it, your tower?"
I can't wait to see how the Masumi is doing.
It's true.
What kind of swimsuit ten wear?
A sporty one-piece, maybe?
You want to see it too, don't you, Conan?
"The truth is, I'm more than satisfied."
But the Sumi... it's pretty flat, so I don't know if...
It's a... short for Masumi.
The Sumi?
I guess it is.
It does for her, doesn't it?
I like it, Sumi.
When I was little, a lot of people used to say to me.
"A striped bikini."
You don't have... much of a chest, but... you do have a nose.
-Huh?
Miss Sonoko?
-Nassos?
-Excuse me, have we met?
-I haven't seen you for a long time.
I'm President Oiso's secretary, my name is Samak.
Ah, yes.
We've met at several parties, haven't we?
Caram, that's how you remember me.
Thank you very much, then.
(Woman) Raito!
-Yes, right away.
-Can you come here for a moment?
It's for today.
I recognized him right away.
Who is that woman?
She's President Oiso's daughter.
Her name is Nagami Oiso.
Did you say Oiso?
You mean Oiso Finance, then?
Sure, but Oiso Finance...
is just another subsidiary of our group of companies.
"Yes, yes, of course."
-Can you put suntan lotion on me?
-What's wrong?
I asked her, but she scratched me with her nails.
I'm sorry.
And that girl bowing to him, who do you represent her to be?
If I'm not mistaken, she's the Nagami's little sister, the Hamaka.
His little sister?
And don't you find that she acts too deferentially, being his sister?
You are right.
She is the daughter of the president's mistress.
Her mother died of an illness
and the Oiso family had no choice but to take her home.
The man behind is the hotel manager.
I think his name is Toyoshima.
He's just the manager, the owner is Mr. Oiso.

Maybe he came to show them the renovation of the pool.
I like it.
You're doing very well.
You know what?
You do it much better than the useless guy who tried before you.
I'm not... I'm not used to doing these things.
Well, no wonder you've got a trace.
Cause I guess you must put suntan lotion all over her body, too.
Huh? (Laughs)
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't get clueless, I know everything.
I know you're involved.
And even more.
There's no doubt in my mind that you've long since been plotting
a way to keep half of my father's inheritance.
This-this is not true.
Excuse me, Miss Oiso,
but it seems to me that this time you're jumping the gun.
What do you know?
Shut up!
I know everything.
I know that you let them use a hotel room
for your clandestine meetings.
I hope you haven't forgotten for a moment
that you and I have long been engaged.
I intend to explain everything to my father.
-I don't want to hear your excuses.
-Please, Nagami... -No...
No... It's not this... Where's the necklace you were wearing?
What is it?
The... my necklace...
You went swimming a while ago.
It might have been in the pool.
But this is terrible!
Do you know how much money this necklace costs?
Get everyone out of the pool right now and close the facilities.
What? I want you to check all the bags in the pool.
I want you to check all the people's bags out there.
It's possible someone found it and wants to keep it.
Yeah..., you guys...
Raito, get diving goggles and snorkels immediately!
Eh?
What are you going to look for yourself?
Wouldn't it be more practical to get the water out of the pool?
Nonsense.
You don't know what you're saying.
Do not you see that with the force of the water can go down the drain?
Come on, get the people out of the pool to look for the, hurry!
It's useless, we're not going anywhere with just the tubes.
Raito, bring me the air tank for diving.
Yes, I agree.
As I knew you would ask me for it, I've already brought it and it's ready.
And you, Hamaka, all you're doing is hindering the investigation,
you can get out of the pool now.
(Tokoshima) Miss Oiso, please listen,
don't you think we'll make more progress if we look for the necklace together?
What's wrong with you?
Won't you ever shut up?
Ah...!
You're getting on my nerves.
I'll look for it by myself, you can all get out of the pool!
Gee, are all girls from good families as selfish as she is?
Mm?
Sonoko isn't like that, is she?
No... I guess...
(Man) Thank you very much.
(Masumi) I'm sorry.
She came here to have fun at the pool
and she had to go through all this.
Yes, but it wasn't your fault, Masumi.
Sumi, we have agreed that his name is Sumi.
At least the food at the hotel was very good, we can't complain.
That's true.
What's wrong?
Conan, what's wrong?
Well... I've noticed that the hotel bellhops are nervous,
they've been going up and down for a while.
Maybe something's happened.
(Ran and Sonoko) What?
...disappeared?
Really, the Nagami...
But just a moment ago she was in the pool looking for the necklace.
That's what we all thought, but suddenly she disappeared.
I looked for her in the toilets and changing rooms of the pool, and nothing.
And we just found out she hasn't come home either.
Look at this.
You see it, right?
There's something in the middle of the pool.
It-it can't be.
It looks like a person.
"The Nagami."
"Is she dead?"
-Oh!
But how did it happen?
-It can't be!
It's the Nagami!
-All right.
-Call an ambulance and the police.
Hang in there.
Come on, Nagami.
Please don't go.
Nagami.
Nagami!
Nagami!
I don't quite understand.
About 10 minutes ago we took a look
and there was nothing in the pool at all.
Wow!
Ah!
What... what is this?
There are pieces of broken glass at the bottom of the pool.
"What... what's glass?"
"Broken glass?"
(Takagi) Yes.
Drowned?
According to the preliminary report,
the approximate time of death
would be between approximately twelve o'clock and one o'clock in the afternoon.
But there's something I don't understand.
This pool is not very deep, it always touches the ground, right?
How can it be that he drowned?
Well, apart from the air cylinder,
he had put other weights around his waist so he wouldn't float.
Miss Oiso commented

I wanted to get a good look at the bottom of the pool, down to the last detail.
Right.
He said Oiso?
In fact, we know the identity of the victim.
It's Nagami Oiso, the daughter of the president of Oiso Finance.
The daughter of a businessman.
And we know what she was looking for, at the bottom of the pool?
A necklace she was wearing that was of great value.
When I finished putting suntan lotion on her back...
she realized she wasn't wearing it.
And we thought it must have fallen into the pool while she was swimming.
Then we asked the customers to get out of the pool.
"All 4, including Miss Oiso,
"We checked the toilets and the changing rooms,
in addition to the inside of the pool, of course."
Then the Nagami told us to leave,
that she wanted to search by herself.
We did as she told us....
but... the poor thing ended up like this.
Okay, well...
Everything seems to indicate that it could have been an accident.
Yeah, it could be that she had some kind of problem,
that she might have caught a ramp in her leg, for example,
and with the weights he was carrying around his waist,
it would have complicated the dive.
"If, because of this, she started to get nervous.
"And the tube she was using for breathing came out,
we would already have an explanation as to why she drowned."
Eh?
I doubt that very much.
Basically because that man said
that about 10 minutes before they found the girl,
they had looked in the pool and hadn't seen anything.
Yeah, that's right.
Isn't that right?
He did, didn't he?
-Totally.
-Confirm that this is true?
The manager, the two of them and us have been in the pool...
looking for Miss Oiso for quite a while and we couldn't find her.
And then, after 10 minutes,
we went back to the same spot to see if we could find her for once..,
and that's when we saw her submerged at the bottom of the pool.
Do you remember what time it was, approximately?
Well, it was a little after two o'clock in the afternoon.
I thought you said that, according to the report,
the time of death was between 12:00 and 1:00.
Yes, that's right.
Well, in this case,
after drowning the Nagami between twelve and one o'clock,
probably the murderer has hidden the body elsewhere.
"And around two o'clock, without anyone seeing him,
he took her to the middle of the pool and submerged her."
That's a possibility, isn't it?
What does it say?
It could have been done, something like that, without anyone seeing it?
I don't think so.
We've split up looking for it.
We have looked everywhere.
I think it's impossible that she could have been moved without anyone seeing it.
Also, at the entrance to this facility...
there are two receptionists who check who comes in and who goes out.
And, from what I've been told,
they haven't seen any suspicious people enter the pool.
Wait a minute.
It looks like there was something strange at the bottom of the pool, right?
Something strange?
Yes, it looks like there was a lot of broken glass.
You have stepped on them
and hurt the sole of your foot, didn't you, Mr. Toyoshima?
Is-that's true what the boy says?
Yes, you are right.
Yes, I took Miss Oiso's air cylinder...
to get her out of the pool,
"...but when she was about to get out of the water..."
Oysters!
"I felt an intense pain in the sole of my foot,
"I stuck my head in the water to see what it was...
and I saw a bunch of broken glass on the bottom."
What?
But... what does it say now?
That the pool be emptied immediately.
Yes, inspector.
We'll talk about it later.
Indeed, they look like shards of broken glass.
But don't you find it strange, that there are so many?
One question:
When you dived for the necklace, were there any of these crystals?
-There were not.
-No, they were not there.
We would have seen them for sure.
The fragments are too small
to be able to know what the object was if we don't reconstruct it.
He is right.
(At the same time) It was an aquarium.
(At the same time) Exactly.
(At the same time) What?
An aquarium?
Look closely at the piece you're holding in your hands.
It looks like the corner of some kind of box.
Like that L-shaped piece Inspector Megure has in his hands.
Mm?
If you count them, there will be 4.
Gee, that's right.
Conan is right, there are 4.
If we try to imagine the object they form,

we get something that looks like an aquarium.
Yes.
You are absolutely right.
But I... I understand it less and less.
What was an aquarium doing at the bottom of the pool?
Inspector Megure...
And broken into a thousand pieces?
We found a very long fishing line
stuck to the drain of the pool.
Yes.
A fishing line?
About 50 meters that way, about 50 meters.
What was it doing there, a fishing line?
Oh!
Hamaka!
What was the necklace your sister lost?
It was a necklace that was encrusted with diamonds.
So, maybe it turns out that the murderer...
has used the crystals and the fishing line
to try to make a fake version of the necklace
for some purpose we don't know about.
I don't know, I think the fishing line is a little too long for that.
What if he made a baga at the end of the thread,
"glued bits of glass to it and moved it around in the water,
mimicking the sparkle that diamonds would make, to attract the Nagami?"
See, this would be a bit more likely, Takagi.
Keep looking for clues inside the pool, we're not done.
Okay.
In the meantime, I'd like to know how these 4 people?
ended up looking for the necklace inside the pool.
I want to talk to the 3 people who have been with the victim.
Wow, so it turns out that all 3 of them put suntan lotion on the Nagami.
Yeah, that's true,
but she told me that I wasn't doing it right and she kicked me out right away.
Stop it, stop it, you have no idea.
In my case,
I accidentally scratched her and she got very angry with me.
That's too bad!
Why are you digging your nails into me, you good-for-nothing?
I was the last one to put the suntan lotion on her.
But then he realized that he had lost the necklace
and I let it go right away.
It's not this... Where's the necklace you were wearing?
What is it?
The... my necklace.
It went for a swim a while ago.
It might have been in the pool.
But this is terrible!
Do you know how much money it costs, this collar?
Get everyone out of the pool right now and close the facilities!
I thought that whoever put the suntan lotion on her
could have taken the necklace, but now I don't know...
(Takagi) It turns out that there are all three of them, not just one.
My sister really liked to do this kind of thing.
Eh?
(Takagi) "She would ask the men to tie up the zipper of her dress,
or put her hand on her forehead to see if she had a fever."
She liked to see how they reacted, it was like a game, for her.
She had this naughty point.
"Trapella, eh?"
I'm sure the girls didn't like her at all.
Masumi, so are you, a girl.
And all girls are like that?
Sumi, we agreed to call her Sumi.
I agree.
Of course I already knew
that in the end she would want to find the necklace by herself.
She always demanded that everything be done her way.
Yes, I didn't reproach her for this aspect of her character...
because I considered it a sign of individuality.
I can understand that.
But didn't the Nagami comment that Mr. Samak,
who was her fiancé,
had an intimate relationship with her younger sister, the Hamaka?
Don't be clueless, I know everything.
I know that you are involved.
And even more.
I have no doubt that for some time now, you've been working out a way
(Masumi) I have no doubt that you've long since figured out a way to get half of my father's inheritance.
(Masumi) You also said that Mr. Toyoshima
offered them a room at the hotel for their meetings.
What do you know?
(Masumi) Shut up!
I know everything.
I know that you let them use a hotel room
for their clandestine meetings.
If all this is true, it could be the motive for the crime.
No, you're wrong.
The Nagami had jumped to the wrong conclusions.
The thing is, it was supposed to be her birthday in a few days.
And we had long talked about celebrating it
with a spectacular party in her favorite hotel suite.
We had talked about... the decorations and the food.
We wanted it to be a surprise party,
so we kept it a secret, of course.
We always met in that room
and, knowing her, when she saw something strange she misinterpreted it.
The Nagami had always been very jealous, even at a young age.
Yes.
From a very young age?
She and I were classmates in high school.

"Since then we've been going out together."
Besides, the Nagami had always said...
that she liked that room very much,
so... no wonder she was so angry.
Yes.
Caram, did she like it that much?
She once kicked out a guest who had reserved it
so she could spend the night herself.
Listen, none of us had any reason to kill the Nagami.
We are innocent.
We were preparing the birthday party and that's it.
If you still suspect us,
you can ask the hotel staff.
We talked with them about how the decoration and other things for the party would be.
Okay, all these details we will confirm later.
First of all we would like you to tell us what you have been doing
after the Nagami started to look for the necklace by herself.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
I think we are facing an impossible crime.
Oi, Takagi?
Takagi!
Where did he go?
What's that?
Inspector Takagi is here.
It's inside the pool.
In other words, the murderer drowned the Nagami...
while she was alone looking for the diamond necklace.
What?
It has disappeared!
Just as you have shown in Conan a moment ago.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The mystery of the pool (part two)."

