(Shinichi's voice) "Invited by Masumi....,
Ran, Sonoko and I are going to the hotel where she is."
"We decide to go spend some time at the pool,
"But Nagami Oiso, the daughter of the hotel's owner,
loses a necklace and forces everyone to go out to look for it."
"When we finish eating we go back to the pool
and discover that the Nagami has disappeared and no one knows where she is."
"So..."
Look at this!
You see it, right?
There's something in the middle of the pool.
Eh?
No... it can't be!
It looks like a person!
(Shinichi: think) "Is she dead?"
(Misumi: thinks) "The Nagami."
But is it true that the Nagami has commented that Mr. Samak,
who was her fiancé,
had some kind of intimate relationship with the younger sister, Hamaka?
She also said that Mr. Toyoshima offered them a room at the hotel for their meetings.
for their meetings.
No, she was wrong.
Nagami had jumped to the wrong conclusions.
The thing is, it was supposed to be her birthday in a few days.
And we had been talking for a long time about celebrating it
with a spectacular party in her favorite suite at the hotel.
We had talked about the decorations and the food.
We wanted it to be a surprise party,
so we kept it a secret, of course.
We always met in that room and, knowing her, when she saw something strange, she misinterpreted it,
when she saw something strange, she misinterpreted it.
Besides, the Nagami had always said...
that she liked that room very much,
so... no wonder she was so angry.
Yes.
Caram, did she like it that much?
She once kicked out a guest who had reserved it
so she could spend the night herself.
Listen, none of us had any reason to kill the Nagami,
we are innocent.
We were preparing the birthday party and that's it.
If you still suspect us,
you can ask the hotel staff.
With them we also talked about how the decoration would be
and other things about the party.
Ok, all these details we will confirm later.
First of all we would like you to tell us what you have been doing
after Nagami started looking for the necklace by herself.
(Shinichi voice) "The years we have spent together are a stepping stone,
and we're moving full speed ahead without slowing down."
"The pool is the scene of a bizarre homicide."
"Reality comes to the surface. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
(Conan voice) "The Mystery of the Pool (Part Two)."
Yes, once we were ordered to close the pool,
we only let in authorized personnel.
The manager, Mr. Toyoshima, came in;
also the secretary, Mr. Samak,
and the Hamaka, plus these two bellboys.
Oh, and before the Nagami was left alone looking for the necklace, we also let in two girls,
we also let in two girls.
Yes, it's just that we missed something.
(Shinichi: thinks) "In fact, we wanted to know what was going on."
When the Nagami told them to leave,
that she would look for the necklace by herself,
who was the first person to come back here?
-Eh?
-Let's see, I'd say it was...
Yes, Mr. Toyoshima.
He said he wanted to see how the search for Miss Oiso was going.
And do you remember what time it was?
I could have sworn it was after 12:00.
About that time,
my partner received a text message on her cell phone.
Ah, so then... it was at 12:05.
And what was she doing then?
She was in the pool, in the water, looking for the necklace.
"She was so focused that for a few moments she didn't even see me."
But then, when she realized I was there..,

He scolded me saying that I was not doing anything there.
And as I didn't want him to get more angry, I left.
Understood.
And when Mr. Toyoshima left, who came?
Well, well...
I would say that he came... ah, Mr. Samak.
As I saw that he was taking too long
I came here to tell you not to be so stubborn
and to let someone else take her place for a while.
"But she wasn't there, neither out of the pool nor in the water."
At first I thought maybe she had gone to the toilet
and so I decided to wait a bit,
but after a while I saw that she wasn't coming back and I left.
Do you know what time it was, when he left, approximately?
No, I don't.
I'm sorry, we don't know either.
We don't have a record of who comes in and who leaves.
But I do remember that the Hamaka came in just after
Mr. Samak left, and she left at 12:54.
I remember well because, when she left, she asked me what time it was,
she asked me what time it was.
Why did she ask?
Because she had booked a table at the hotel restaurant at one o'clock
and I didn't want to be late.
"Then Mr. Samak asked me to go and see if the Nagami was in the restaurant.
"If the Nagami was in the washroom or in the women's locker room,
but no matter how hard I looked I couldn't find him anywhere."
I didn't see him in the pool either, and then I got nervous.
I couldn't believe my cell phone was showing the right time,
so I asked him what time it was.
By the way, where is the women's restroom and locker room?
-Huh?
-They're over there.
Between the reception desk and the pool
is the changing room and the showers,
and at the back is the washroom.
Got it.
The place looks ideal for hiding a corpse, doesn't it?
Yes, it does.
Besides, the corridor is completely hidden from the two receptionists.
Y?
After this, what else happened?
Then we called the manager and Mr. Samak.
And the bellboys, who came to help.
The four of them split up to look for her.
She wasn't here, of course.
Where was the Nagami then?
And in the pool, either.
I looked for her in the shower cubicles, and she wasn't there either.
I even went to see if I could find her in the men's room.
I called for her, but nothing.
We looked for her for about an hour, but we couldn't find her.
Then I asked the receptionists
if they were absolutely sure she hadn't left.
While I was just confirming it, they arrived.
I was telling them what had happened
and then the bellboys found him submerged in the pool.
Okay, then.
But how did they decide to go back to the pool to look for her?
When everyone was looking for her, it became clear that she wasn't there.
It's just that we had... a bit of a strange feeling.
Suddenly we noticed a noise coming from the pool.
It was as if bubbles were coming out of the water.
(Shinichi: thinks) "I knew it! The grate is fastened with screws."
Look what we have here.
An almond.
Someone screwed it right here, over the drain.
Besides, it's right in the middle of the side of the pool.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
You guys!
What are you doing here?
(Masumi: thinks) "It's quite clear."
(Shinichi: thinks) "We already know who the murderer is."
Let's recap.
The victim, Miss Nagami Oiso,
said that she wanted to look for her lost necklace by herself.
and made them all leave the pool.
At around 12:05 noon,
the hotel manager, Mr. Toyoshima,
comes to check if he has already found the necklace.
But she sends him away, telling him that she doesn't do anything there.
And then, when Mr. Samak arrives,
the Nagami is gone, she has disappeared.
Then, Mr. Samak asks the Hamaka,
who arrives just as he's leaving,
to look for her in the dressing room and in the ladies' room,
but she checks and confirms that she is not there either.
Then, at 12:54 noon, Mr. Toyoshima,
Mr. Toyoshima, Mr. Samak and the Hamaka go looking for her again.
So do the two hotel bellhops, who sense a strange noise and,
when they approach, they find Nagami Oiso...
submerged in the middle of the pool.
Are the times and sequence of events correct?
-Yes, I would say so.
-Yes, of course.

According to the coroner, the death of the Nagami?
took place between 12:00 and 1:00 noon.
Only the three of you went in and out of the pool during this time.
Therefore, I would say...
that the killer is most likely one of the three of you.
Now, if the body had been submerged...
the bottom of the pool all this time,
when you've split up to search amongst yourselves, someone would have seen it.
On the other hand, it is very hard to believe...
that while everyone was looking for the victim everywhere..,
someone had the opportunity
to submerge the body in the middle of the pool
without anyone noticing.
I think we are looking at an impossible crime.
Oi, Takagi?
Don't you think so, too?
Huh?
Takagi?
Where has he gone?
After whispering something to Conan and Masumi,
Inspector Takagi has gone to the pool.
What?
And while you were in the men's locker room,
he came by and was carrying a very large aquarium.
He said it was for an experiment.
I don't like him going to her without telling me anything.
Hey, I told you to call him Sumi, not Masumi.
Yeah, right.
Oh, and he also said...
that he'd like us all to go and see the experiment he's set up.
He said if it works, we'll know who the killer is.
Where is he?
Inspector Takagi!
What?
Damn it, he's not here!
Where the hell did he go?
Come to think of it, how come the pool is filled up again?
Since we're done investigating,
we decided to try Inspector Takagi's experiment.
And may I ask what it is, the experiment?
-Xxxt!
-Well, in fact...
Please don't reveal the secret before the time, please.
Now I really don't understand what's going on.
Hey, Inspector Takagi!
Come and tell me what the hell this is all about!
Where are you?
Takagi!
Oh, my gosh!
Where's he gone, this man?
What?
Inspector Takagi is here.
Eh?!
No...
It's inside the pool.
There's no one in here...
Hey, Conan, can you see him?
Why don't you tell us where he is?
No, right now I can't see it either, but...
if I cut this fishing line that's attached to the eyebolt...
What?!
An aquarium?!
(All at once) But... if it's Inspector Takagi!
Could he see me, when I was submerged?
Could he see me?
No.
The light was reflected.
And how is that?
As we all know, both water and air are transparent,
but, on the other hand, their refractive index is different.
When light passes from water, which has a high refractive index, to air, which has a high refractive index,
to air, which has a lower refractive index,
if you look at the surface boundary between the air and the water
from a frontal angle,
all the light is reflected as if it were a mirror,
and objects on the other side become invisible.
We could check it, couldn't we?
Let's see, now everybody sees my 10-yen coin...
submerged in the aquarium water, right?
That's right.
Yeah, that's right.
But if we turn the glass upside down
and we cover the 10 yen coin, like the glass still contains air...
(At the same time) What?!
It's gone!
Caram, Conan, very good!
It's a simple science experiment.
They must have taught it to you when you went to school, right?
Well... I don't remember.
(Thinking) "They teach kids this age that hard?"
That's why we didn't see Inspector Takagi.
"He was at the bottom of the pool inside an aquarium turned upside down and filled with air."
"That's why no one could see him. He was invisible to our eyes."
Wait a minute, but do you mean...
that looking at it from above we wouldn't have been able to see it?
Yes, because if you look at the boundary between air and water...
from a low angle,
it doesn't reflect light in the same way as a mirror.
But this is a pool.
We can't look straight down from above, can we?
Ah, that's right.
In other words, the murderer has drowned the Nagami...
while she was alone looking for the diamond necklace.
"He has placed an aquarium he had prepared on the corpse,
"and fixed it by passing a fishing line through the holes in the gratings
"through the holes of the drainage grates
on either side of the pool."
"Once this was solved, all he had to do was to lift the aquarium a little...

"And stick your hand inside to open the Nagami's oxygen tank and fill it with air and that's it.
and fill it with air, and that's it."
Since fishing line is a bit stretchy,
the killer was able to tilt the aquarium slightly.
But listen, how did he do it to her, to drown her?
Do you know this?
Yes, of course I do.
He probably said something to her that made her let her guard down.
"Then he grabbed her by the neck from behind,
removed the oxygen tube and held her underwater."
With the air cylinder and weights, the Nagami has sunk easily and,
underwater, no one heard him scream...
as he struggled... against his assailant.
And that's how it went... isn't it, Mr. Ensaku Toyoshima?
You made him let his guard down
by pointing to his feet on the edge of the pool...
and telling her that the necklace was there, right I'm right?
And then, when you had her where you wanted her,
it didn't take him long to kill her.
But do you mean that you can keep an aquarium submerged
with just fishing line?
"Because it was full of air, wasn't it?"
"If you make four marks on the bottom of the aquarium.
"And you run the line twice through each mark,
it will have a hard time floating."
"Also, if you tie the end of the thread to an eyebolt nailed to the wall....
"And located near the surface of the pool,
you can't even dive into the water."
You just cut the fishing line and the aquarium floats again
and makes the corpse appear, a bit like a magic trick.
Just like you showed in Conan a moment ago.
That is, when Mr. Toyoshima came...
to see if the Nagami had found the necklace,
he drowned her by submerging her in water.
Then he hid the body from everyone's sight...
using the trick we have explained.
Then, when everyone had looked for it and was on their way back, he cut the fishing line,
he cut the fishing line and made the victim's body appear.
One thing: when the aquarium floated to the surface, it made a lot of noise, didn't it?
it made a lot of noise, didn't it?
Yes, and, for covering it up, he must have called out something like.
"Miss Oiso, where is it? Answer!"
The others, who were also looking for it,
must have called out to her at the same time.
And with all the commotion, the noise has gone unnoticed.
But the aquarium was broken into a thousand pieces, wasn't it?
And, besides, it wasn't in the middle of the pool,
which is where we found the body of the Nagami, but on the side.
Yes.
When did you move the body?
He could only have done it at the moment when Mr. Samak
was taking the Nagami's body out of the pool.
But it seems to me that...
the only thing Mr. Toyoshima was carrying was the air cylinder.
He probably stuck his foot inside the aquarium
and dragged it along as he slowly made his way through the water.
When he reached the end of the pool,
he must have hit the aquarium with the air cylinder
and shredded it.
At that moment the attention was focused on the Nagami,
which was being pulled out of the water,
and, besides, the noise inside the water is practically not felt.
But one thing, did Mr. Toyoshima step on the broken glass...
and hurt his foot, didn't he?
Do you think someone would do something like that on purpose?
Yes, I think so.
Yes, they would.
Because no one would ever think that a person is capable...
of expressly hurting himself.
And if the police should end up finding the aquarium,
maybe it's better that they find it smashed to smithereens
so that they can't know... what the object is.
What a twisted kid!
At least that's what I would do.
I can't even imagine what you'll be like when you grow up.
I was trying to put myself in the killer's place to understand.
(Shinichi: think) "What did he mean, with this comment?"
But listen, do you have any proof, of all this?
Of course: the fishing line.
When he cut the fishing line,
he probably had to rewind it very quickly to retrieve it,
because it had to go through the drain hole on the other side.
"I think the fishing line must have had
Mr. Toyoshima's fingerprints."
But fishing lines... they're very thin, aren't they?
Just one, maybe,
but I'm sure when he wound it up, it got all bunched up.

"And there will be points where his fingerprints can be identified."
Forensics will find them, won't they, officer?
Yes, they will.
But Mr. Toyoshima had no motive to kill her.
That's right, he didn't.
We were preparing the Nagami's birthday party all together, him too.
-I didn't want to celebrate it, the party.
-He can't be the murderer.
Especially not in that suite he loved so much.
Eh?
I had a little sister who was much younger than me.
I reserved that suite for her because she was always telling me
that she wanted to know what it felt like
to sleep at least once in her life.
She said she wanted to celebrate her son's birthday,
which was three years ago.
From the balcony there is a panoramic view
that allows you to see the fireworks
they were supposed to do that night.
But suddenly that day the Nagami told me....
that she had decided to watch the fireworks
with her whole group of friends from that room.
My little sister and her family
had to go to another hotel.
On the way there they had a car accident
and all 3 of them were killed, the child too.
No..., my goodness!
But your bitterness is not... justified.
Do you really believe it?
Isn't it?
Well, I'd say so.
Because in the end the Nagami didn't spend the night
in that damn room.
Do you know why?
Because it turns out that her friend, who was on her way to the hotel,
was the one who caused that fatal accident!
Yes, that stupid girl was in the car...
that took the life of my sister and her family.
But... but, listen, how did you end up knowing all this?
Because that day the Nagami called me on the phone.
"She told me that they had had an accident
on the way here with her friend's car."
But because she was selfish
and she didn't want to be splashed by that terrible incident,
she asked me to lie and to tell the police
that she had not left the room since noon.
Since that day I have been waiting for the opportunity to take revenge.
"When she came to the pool I thought.
"That I could take off the necklace she was wearing around her neck
and that I could use it as a decoy to commit murder."
It seemed that for once I had my luck on my side.
But, in the end, these young detectives discovered...
the plan I had so meticulously prepared.
Unfortunately, my efforts were to no avail.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
I'm sorry, you came all the way here...
and I couldn't attend to you as I would have liked to.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, there's been a murder.
Come to think of it,
in that TV dessert contest case.
you're also going to make people appear and disappear with a trick.
It's a bit... like you're a witch, isn't it?
A witch, you say?
No, I'm not a witch.
Aren't you, Conan?
You know what I'm saying?
That you are a witch.
Mm?
L-listen...
Sumi, you and me, we... we know each other from...?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You just called her Sumi!
That's so loud!
Don't worry, you can tell me if you want to.
You see, Ran?
We can call him Sumi.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Well then, goodbye!
See you soon!
Come on, let's go home, because it's late.
(thinks) "That little girl...
...also rings a bell."
(Does not sit down)
(Salvo, far away)
-Yasumi!
- (woman: shrieks)
I mean..., it was an accident, wasn't it?
It's obvious that we have nothing to do with death.
(Shinichi: thinks) "I know what happened."
(Kogoro voice) The investigation to find the culprit doesn't end here.
Because there are still several loose ends.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The queen's weather prediction".

