(Kogoro) Ah, so that confirms that...
the rain will be over soon?
According to the weather radar the direction and intensity of the wind,
the humidity and temperature,
I can tell that the clouds will disappear and the rain will disappear.
And that will be in about an hour.
How accurate!
We can expect nothing less,
from such a beautiful and intelligent meteorologist.
Everyone knows she is a genius and 100% accurate.
That's very admirable!
Yes, but you're also a genius at making deductions...
and I know you are unique in your work, Mr. Mouri.
Well, I won't be the one to deny it to you, although there are very "mutis" criminals...
who often don't make it easy for us.
But... did I say "mutis"?
No!
Eh?
I'm very sorry, surely you must have got nervous.
Don't worry, it's all right.
It's very funny.
Isn't it?
-I'm sure it is, it's great. -Yes, it's great.
-Yeah, it'll be a big hit, the show. -Yeah, sure.
Yes, it will.
You rascals!
I wanted to say!
Yes, no matter how naughty they are or how well they hide themselves,
I'm capable of solving any case in just one hour!
Ha-ha-ha!
"The years we've spent together are a springboard."
"And we go full speed ahead without slowing down."
"A well-known weather anchorwoman
and a fall that could be a case or an accident."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Break down Saikai no toki.
Re: warning Hikari ni michibikarete.
Yakusoku no Place hajimari no Siren.

Nankoufuraku no choukyuu meikyuu,
hitorikiri ya tokenai pasuwaado.
Ima kanaderu Inori no Merodio
Kimi ga ireba toberu kara.
Kowaresouna Omois wo dakishimeaeta nara
nido to wa hanasanai sueño te wo.
Kanjiau kokoro ga tokihanatareta nara
ano sora no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!

Afuresouna Omois wo kimi ni tsutaeta nara
nido to wa hanarenai chikau yo.
Mazariau kokoro wo atatameaeta nara
ano Niji no mukou he.
Kono yume sono yume we go!
Kono yume sono yume we go!
"The queen's weather prediction."
Oops, father!
Ouch...
To say that you can solve any case in an hour!
Don't get carried away, no matter how pretty the presenter is.
Hehehe!
Did you understand me correctly?
Eh?
Where has he gone, the little boy with the glasses?
He's not back yet?
I doubt very much
that Kogoro is able to solve a case in an hour.
(Woman) What are you saying?
(Whispers)
I assure you I was very surprised when I heard him say.
Hm.
He said this, huh?
Thank you very much.
Well, see you later.
Ah, I didn't think so!
Soon I'll bring you the script of the new program we are preparing.
I look forward to it.
(Door, open)
Ah!
Miss Shinohara, is everything ready on the set?
Yes.
I've already checked.
Everything is perfect.
We've already warned no one to come in and not to move anything.
-Don't you want to take a look?
How nice!
I congratulate you.
No, it's not necessary.
As you can see, I trust you completely.
Well, we hope you'll be back soon.
We would very much like your visit, Mr. Mouri.
Won't you come?
Yes, of course, it would be an honor.
Ah, you were here!
Hey, Yasumi,
we'll start filming as soon as you finish your break.
Okay, just a moment.
See you again.
Thank you very much, see you soon.
The drink you asked for.
Oh, yes, thank you.
What's this?
But it's open!
You've already drunk, you?
You must record more things Miss Yasumi?
Iiih!
Yes, although she must shoot a promotional video of the program, today.
-Let's see?
-It'll be something like this.
Her hair flying in the wind,
in the middle of an almost magical fog
and surrounded by sparkling snowflakes.
How beautiful!
It looks perfect for a weather presenter.
Yes, she looks like the queen of meteorology.
Sure draws a lot of viewers, doesn't it?
Ha-ha-ha!
Yes.
So, what, are we going home?
- (gas: xsssss)
- (small explosion)
(gas: xsssss) -Huh?
- (Yasumi) Aaaaah !!!!
(thump)
Eh? (Yasumi)
Hey! (Yasumi)
(Yasumi) Look!
Down there!
Ah!
Yasumi!
-It's the Yasumi!
-No!
Yasumi!
Especially don't let anyone come near!
Everybody stay where you are.
Oh!
(thinks) "That's weird! She has her hair to the left."

Eh?
Eh?
Hey, check this out.
What the hell is it?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
It looks like a...
Ah!
Maybe it's a message from the victim!
This means that we have to...
Please, call the police immediately!
"What's this? The clip with rhinestones on it that the Yasumi was wearing."
"How come it's so far from the body?"
(Kodama) Well, she seems to have died instantly from the blow.
What I don't understand is how she could have fallen.
We should look around the set
and see if we can find a logical explanation.
You're the last one to check the set, right?
Aren't you?
Well, it was me.
But everything was correct.
Well, here we have the producer, Mr. Yukio Kodama;
the victim's representative, Mr. Takuya Yamaguchi,
and the assistant director, Miss Hiroko Shinohara,
who appear to be the last people to have seen the victim.
We have spoken to the staff and they have told us
that the building is scheduled to be demolished as early as next year,
because all the facilities are in very bad shape.
You don't need to tell me that.
By the way, thank you for coming, inspector.
After talking to me for a while,
Miss Yasumi has gone to take a rest
because she had to shoot a promotional video afterwards.
But it looks like she went to check first to make sure
that the set was prepared to her liking.
She leaned on the railing, but because the building is in such a bad state,
the railing gave way and she fell over.
In other words, it was an accident, wasn't it?
Yes, I think this is the most likely explanation.
So, I'm sorry, but it seems that we have warned them for no reason.
Yeah, and what do you say, then,
about the message the victim left on the floor with his blood?
It could be a casual mark
left by the victim with his hands soiled with blood,
without it having any meaning;
is it not true?
Oh, oh, what pain!
I have pricked my legs with the rose bush here.
What are you doing, boy?
Get out of here right now, you feel me!
I feel very bad!
Ouch!
Wow, now I'm tangled up with this tinsel.
What's this?
Flights stop fooling around?
Here's a broken balloon.
Eh?
And come to think of it, didn't you first hear a noise...
like a gunshot or a small explosion..,
before that scream Miss Yasumi made?
What was that?
You're right, you're right.
I remember... an explosion... Eh?
A balloon?
The fringe?
The rose bushes?
What are you looking for, now?
Hey, can we go?
This set should start dismantling here right away.
And besides, when Miss Yasumi has fallen,
the three of us were with Mr. Mouri in the living room.
It is obvious that we have nothing to do with death.
-Yes, of course!
-Don't you agree?
Then you can leave now.
Eh?
No!
He-he!
You can't fool him so easily, Kogoro Mouri.
At first glance it may look like an accident, yes, but it's not.
Hey, the one you're dating now, Mouri?
I think I can safely say that Miss Yasumi has been set up.
A trap?
Yes, there was a trap standing right here,
in the middle of the set and now I will prove it.
First, they have tied one end of these bangs into a column,
as you can see.
And then, they've tied the other end to the front column.
All right.
Ran, come and walk around the set for a moment.
Aw, come on over and step over here.
What?
Ah... Yes.
Ah!
Check, then.
We all heard this same noise just before the Yasumi's scream, right?
Yes, you're right.
This proves that when he came to check that everything was correct
he has fallen into this trap and that has made him scared.
(Balloons: bursts)
He instinctively leaned on the broken railing and fell.
Oh!
Then there is no longer any doubt that it is a homicide.
No, because it is impossible to calculate his reaction and the fall,
only with a scare.
I'm sure that whoever set the trap wanted to play a little joke on him and that's it.
Unfortunately he was unlucky and it ended in tragedy.

Okay, but now we have to find out who did it, the little joke.
Excuse me, what time did you finish setting up the scenery?
Yes, let's see... Mr. Yamaguchi,
you said you'd supervise the set during the whole set-up, right?
Did you?
Well... yes.
Why are you doing this post now?
It's just that I'm sitting down,
but I accidentally fell asleep while they were setting up the set.
And when I woke up, everything was ready for the shooting.
Did you fall asleep?
Yes, that's why I couldn't report anything strange.
I'm really sorry about that.
So we don't have any information about when and who stopped the trap.
Who was the last person
who checked that the set was ready?
It's my responsibility.
When I checked it, I found everything normal.
So you didn't find anything strange on the set?
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
So the fringe, tied end to end...
to make Miss Yasumi stumble, I was holding on to it.
Eh?
It's a piece of ribbon like mine.
But it can be found everywhere!
Sure, but now we'll examine it in detail...
and I'm sure we'll find fingerprints
or some material that has been unintentionally stuck to it.
And with that we'll discover the identity of the culprit.
Mm-hm.
Inspector, send forensics in.
Right.
We'll have to take fingerprints and saliva samples from all three of you.
Not me.
I absolutely refuse!
Because I can't and that's it.
Oh, you can?
And how's that?
-That's enough, Shinohara.
-Don't insist...
Can't you see it won't do you any good?
Because I know it was you.
I heard you talking to a classmate, in the kitchen of the studios.
It's not right!
The Yasumi knows that it is humanly impossible,
to change the whole set decoration by tomorrow!
We will have to do it.
Now, I assure you that she will remember this one.
I'm going to give her a good scare, with a balloon.
I've thought it through.
I have not said it because it is an embarrassment for the company,
but at this point, I'm forced to.
What are you saying?
Is it true what he just explained?
Yes.
I put the balloon to scare her, it's true.
Because she hated him!
She always behaved as if she was a queen, she was selfish!
You know it perfectly well!
Isn't it true, Mr. Yamaguchi?
She mistreated you too.
If there's another mistake on the set,
I assure you I'll terminate your contract, do you hear me?
She was arrogant and self-centered.
The script doesn't live up to my character!
I want it fixed by tomorrow!
The joke was just to make a fool of her in front of everyone.
Just like she always did with me.
I wanted to scare her, it's true,
and that everyone could laugh openly in her face.
I didn't think she could...
this disgrace happen.
Very well, miss.
I think you'll have to come with us now.
Yes.
"I don't know, there are things that don't fit."
"The other sound that has been felt before the scream,
"And the fact that her hair was matted on one side only.
and the clip that fell off..."
"What's this? In the smoke machine..."
"I know what happened."
Ah!
Aaaah... aaah....
Eh?
What are you doing?
But..., father?!
You're telling us that there's some mistake in the deductions you've made.
Isn't that right, Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) No, for once my deduction is correct.
(Kogoro voice) What?
That it is correct?
For once?
Yes, I'm very sorry,
it just so happens that the investigation to find the culprit is not over
because there are still several heads that have been left loose.
What heads?
What heads?
Oh, right.
Look, for starters Conan told me that Miss Yasumi...
didn't want to go check the set,
but in the end she did go
and therefore fell into the balloon trap.
A little bit, yes.
Don't you find that very strange?
But what is stranger is not that he went,
but that she fell into the trap,
because she was already aware of the joke.
What?
Not so fast!
How could she have known?
So that the murderer has told her personally, to the victim.
-Yes.
-So the murderer told her?

I'm sure that the killer explained to Ms.
Yasumi earlier,
that he had prepared the balloon prank
and that it was meant to be blown up during the shooting.
All to make Miss Shinohara look bad.
Why did she want to make me look bad?
Well, apart from spoiling the prank,
he also wanted to make you look bad in front of everyone.
And the assassin told you to pass a certain distance from the railing
because the prank would work perfectly.
In this subtle way he managed to
Miss Yasumi went straight to pop the balloon trap.
That's why I doubt very much that she was startled by the explosion.
It was really the trap that the assassin set for him
that the assassin set for him by taking advantage of his little prank.
Yes.
Gee, another trap, Mouri?
Show them, Conan!
It was planned to show that it was snowing and that it was foggy,
during the weather queen's video.
We see it here, in this set design.
And that's why there was this smoke machine hidden.
Huh?
Yeah, here's one.
That's right, a fog machine.
One of the things that's still missing to tie in is a kind of a sound
that reminded me very much of a spray of compressed air
that could be felt right after the explosion.
- (gas: xsssssss)
- (small explosion)
(Yasumi) Aaaaah !!!!
I'm sure most of you remember the incident, right?
The killer has used the balloon explosion
as a signal to activate the smoke machine,
which he had previously programmed to full power.
Takagi, please, would you mind starting the smoke machine?
Yes, right away.
Aaah!
Ah!
But what is this?
It was set to spray Miss Yasumi with the carbon dioxide
with the full power of the machine
and this has made the effect as a thrust.
The victim has had to close his eyes for a moment
and must have been thrown back by the shock of the machine's beam,
This caused him to lose his balance right on the section of the railing...
which the murderer had already manipulated so that at the slightest contact it would give way
and caused Miss Yasumi to fall to her death.
So far we don't have any evidence that she was sprayed with the gas, do we?
Carbon dioxide evaporates immediately, you are right.
But the only side of her head where her hair is matted is the left side.
And we found her rhinestone clip on the floor next to this wall.
This proves that he received the gas jet from the left side
and that's why the clip was projected that way.
In other words, the murderer has set a trap...
taking advantage of Miss Shinohara's little joke.
And at the same time he was planning to disguise his action
and to remove himself from the list of suspects.
Don't make us wait any longer, Mouri, and tell us who the murderer is in one fell swoop.
Quite simply,
it's someone who knew that Miss Shinohara had set up the prank.
-Eh?
-Mr. Kodama.
You said yourself that you felt it yesterday in the kitchen.
Come on, come on;
Are you really accusing me...
just because I felt that conversation in the studio kitchen?
No, it's because you suggested to Miss Yasumi...
to dismantle the prank and stopped her in another death trap.
This is intolerable!
You have no proof, you!
You're wearing a brown dress today, aren't you, Mr. Kodama?
Eh?
The shoes, also brown, a very elegant outfit.
And surely you polished your shoes this morning, didn't you?
And what if I did, huh?
It hasn't stopped raining today and it's so humid.
that the polishing cream hasn't finished drying completely.
The tube through which the smoke comes out of the machine
was supposed to be focused on the manipulated section of the railing.
But then the murderer put it back in its initial position to erase this evidence.
to erase this evidence.
He did it with his own foot
and left a trail of brown shoe polish, just like his shoes.
It's not true!
This cannot be used as evidence!
-Huh?
(Kogoro voice) Tell me.
- (Kogoro voice) Miss Shinohara.
How do you activate the smoke machine?
Manually or with a remote control.
Oh, is that so?
Go, Takagi!
What are you doing?

Let me go!
I've got it!
How come you have it, the command?
-Mr. Kodama, why did you do it?
-Punyeta...
Ha-ha-ha!
He hated her deeply.
This woman was worse than the plague!
She knew that I had some money left over from the budget for her program
and from then on she had me in a tight grip.
She kept blackmailing me,
forcing me to give her other programs
and give him a good part of the money for production expenses.
It was one demand after another.
And I was really fed up with him manipulating me like that.
But I didn't think
that I would be found out precisely because of the rain, to tell you the truth.
Do you think it's because of the rain?
I would say no, Mr. Kodama.
There is another much clearer indication
that proves you're the murderer.
The victim has linked heads before falling, or rather before dying.
Because when he was already on the ground and was bleeding to death
he still found enough strength to leave a message.
A message he knew you would not understand,
a symbol that gave you away in a very ingenious way.
A meteorological symbol.
That is, the symbol for snow.
"Snow" in Japanese is "yuki."
a word hidden inside your name, Mr. Yukio Kodama.
Ah!
Caram, she was supposed to be the queen of meteorology...
until the end of her life!
That bad piece...
It has stopped raining, just as Miss Yasumi had predicted.
And I have fulfilled my prediction of solving the case in one hour!
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Yes.
Gee, it's a good thing it's not raining anymore.
Let's see what the weather will be like tomorrow.
You don't know, do you, Father?
Do you?
You want to know what the weather will be tomorrow, now?
How do you want me to know?
Make deductions, still.
But predicting what the weather will be is different.
How can it be?
Now you'll see, if the fortune teller!
Come on, we want to know what the weather will be tomorrow!
Let's see, let's see...
Ouch!
Ouch...
(Ran and Conan) The sun will be up tomorrow, too!
I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!
This is for Beikapon's costume.
Beikapon?
Ah, yes, I understand that's the name of this supermarket's mascot, isn't it?
Are you insinuating, then, that it could be one of our workers?
"It seems to me that this case is full of incomprehensible things."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Beikapon's Bloodthirsty Service'."

