(Kogoro) About what you asked me to investigate the other day,
after a long and thorough investigation,
I can assure you, Mr. Kanzaki,
there is no one who wants to harm you, I'm sure.
And what about the call that said, "Get ready, because I'm going to kill you!"?
Yes, I remember you told me that you had received it twice, this call.
But I would say that it was a joke from one of his friends.
What did you say?
A joke?
I've asked crooked and straight, and everyone holds him in good regard.
It's just a joke.
(He thinks) "Yes, I think so too, that."
I hope that you are right and that it is not true that there is someone
who wants to put an end to Mr. Kanzaki's life.
You are Mr. Udagawa, aren't you?
I understand why you are so worried, because you are his superior,
but I assure you that if someone had the real intention of harming him,
they wouldn't call you on the phone, because it would put you on alert.
Yes, and that would make it more difficult for the killer.
No?
He-he-he-he-he!
"However, after a few days..."
I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!
Mm?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"Conan's deductions solve indecipherable mysteries."
"Generations pass but some things don't change."
"They stab the mascot of the supermarket,
how do we know they haven't made a mistake?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai, ah....
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure
tomaranakute
ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetaetakute
itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono
odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai, ah...
Nazo ga tokete yuku!
"The bloodthirsty service of the Beikapon."
I'm sorry I have to insist
and ask you the same question again.
Mm?
Mr. Mouri!
Inspector Megure, can you tell me who was stabbed, please?
One of the workers, Mr. Gyosuke Shimomura, a 25-year-old boy.
He also worked for me, just like Mr. Kanzaki.
Poor guy, he was just taken away by an ambulance right now.
According to the information I have received,
it could be that the killer
had mistaken the victim for Mr. Kanzaki.
Yes.
Is this true?
This is for the Beikapon costume.
Beikapon?
I understand that's the name of this supermarket's mascot, you hear?
You are well informed.
I am Hiroshi Fujii, the manager of Beika supermarket.
Every Sunday we make a promotion of our store,
and so the Beikapon gives out balloons and advertisements on the street.
We do it the same every week.
Mr. Kanzaki is the person in charge of doing the promotion
and, therefore, in charge of wearing the costume.
-Yes.
-That's you?
In fact, I was supposed to go out in costume today, too,
but I had a stomach ache this morning and couldn't make it.
That's why I talked to Mr. Udagawa,
who's the floor manager.
What?
He's asking me to go out in my Beikapon costume in the street?
I have no choice, he is the second youngest worker.
Please, Shimomura, do it.
The children are looking forward to the supermarket mascot.
Oh!
That's too bad!
He's catching me again!
The pills I gave you are very effective.
When you get out of the washroom, go rest for a while, Kanzaki.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
This is an emergency.
You see.
You must be at the store entrance at 11 o'clock sharp.
If it's an order from the general manager, I can't refuse.
Oi, Beikapon?
Ten to 11, now.
You'd better come in.
Gee, what you have to do for work.
I'm not amused...
I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Did you hear the killer say: "I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!"?
Yes.
I'm sure.
You mean the killer knew
that the person who disguised himself as Beikapon
was always Mr. Kanzaki, right?
Yes, but what he wasn't supposed to know was...
that just today Mr. Shimomura had replaced her,
that's why he attacked her anyway,

thinking he had managed to stab Mr. Kanzaki.
Then he ran away,
not realizing that he had attacked the wrong person.
This means that the death threats
were not really a practical joke, Mr. Mouri.
And they hurt my colleague Shimomura,
but the one they really wanted to hurt was me.
Perhaps my investigation was not accurate enough.
What I don't quite understand is why they wanted to attack you
just when she was wearing a disguise that covered up who she was.
Because that way the aggressor avoided getting the victim's blood on him.
Yes, it could be, but I don't see it clearly.
The fact that he assaulted the wrong person in this manner
gives away the fact that he is not a professional.
Yes, and we'll see what happens,
when this handyman discovers that he has spilled it
and that he didn't kill the person he wanted to kill.
But then... he'll want to kill me for sure.
Yeah, but don't suffer for it,
I'll find the murderer before he finds you.
-But Mouri, where?
-I swear on my job!
"Yes, man, and what else? We'll see how you'll find him, you."
Inspector Megure,
the videos from the surveillance camera
do not show any man dressed as described by the witness.
What?
But I saw him perfectly, he was right in front of me!
He was wearing a yellow jacket and red pants.
Yes, yes, he must have taken off his balaclava....
and the clothes he was wearing and changed somewhere.
Yes, and he must have taken the clothes with him so as not to leave any clues.
Or else it must have been someone who works in the company.
Then it could be that he's still hiding around here,
in some corner of the supermarket.
So you're saying it could be one of our workers?
I think that makes sense,
because someone on the inside could have known
that it was always Mr. Kanzaki, who put on the disguise.
Yes, you're right about that, but I find it hard to believe.
Excuse me,
why don't we have him search the building from top to bottom?
See if we can find the ski mask somewhere.
That would eliminate suspicion of the employees.
We understand.
Then we'll get everyone to cooperate.
Look everywhere, including personal lockers.
Thank you very much, Director.
Takagi, Chiba!
OK, OK, OK!
That's right.
First, I want to talk to you.
"It seems to me that this case is full of incomprehensible things."
I have no idea who might want me wrong, me.
That's why I asked Mr. Mouri to find out who was threatening me.
Man, but you must have some idea.
It's the most normal thing.
"First, the death threats."
"I don't understand why a murderer would risk warning the victim so much."
If he was wearing a yellow jacket and red pants,
it's someone young.
No.
It could be that he chose these colors to make us think that.
"If no one has been seen on camera wearing these clothes," he said,
"It must be that, after attacking the victim with some bright colors,
he changed and put on his normal clothes."
"But I don't understand why he went to all this trouble."
"It would have been easier to attack him at night in an alley."
We've already checked there's nothing here,
now we'll check the personal lockers.
I'm really sorry I asked him to give me a hand.
And now, it's normal!
The two young men are missing.
We have no choice.
-Mm?
-Yikes, it's so hot!
Mr. Udagawa, I see that you are sweating a lot too.
If you want, you can take off your jacket,
or at least pull the sleeves up.
Ah, no, thank you.
It's just that I have a bit of a cold.
But I was thinking:
Don't you find it an insult, that the police are suspicious of the workers?
Of course, I do!
Excuse me, but I'm afraid the Beikapon has a holiday all day.
"And what I don't understand is that when the murderer has attacked
he called out the victim's name."
"What need did he have,
if he thought that what was wearing the costume was him?"
"Wait a minute."
"And if it wasn't a coincidence, change the person?"
"If it was, it would all make more sense."
Eh?

Did Mr. Kanzaki and Mr. Shimomura have a good relationship?
Mm-hm.
I was told to come and ask him.
Well, Mr. Kanzaki is kind and optimistic.
But Mr. Shimomura is the complete opposite.
Does that mean they didn't get along very well, then?
I'd say no.
Mm?
What's going on here?
Ah, look, this boy is asking me questions on behalf of Mr. Mouri.
I'm sorry, sir.
Oh, is he?
And what exactly does he want to know?
I have no idea!
Goodbye, miss, and thank you very much!
What's that?
Gee, could you tell me what you're doing here, you, uncle?
Excuse me, Mr. Kanzaki,
do you remember where you were when Mr. Shimomura was attacked?
Why do you want to know?
Because Mr. Mouri told me to ask you.
Mr. Mouri?
I see that Mr. Mouri insists on suspecting our workers.
But when it all happened,
Mr. Kanzaki was resting in the staff room.
I know this because when it was a little after 11 o'clock, Miss Izumi...
Oh!
I finally found you, Mr. Udagawa.
I only came to see you for a moment
because I was afraid he didn't have anything serious.
But you seem to be sleeping well.
Please listen, it's very urgent!
Mr. Shimomura has been stabbed!
I myself am a witness to his alibi.
You can go explain to Mr. Mouri right away.
And what, how's your belly?
I'm fine.
What you have given me has gone very well, I no longer hurt anything.
Then you can go back to the promotions section.
Of course, I'll come as soon as I finish eating.
So now Mr. Mouri suspects me?
Not exactly.
But from your question I imagine that he must have thought
that no one had threatened my life
and that I had made it appear that I was not in good health
because Mr. Shimomura had to put on the Beikapon disguise
in my place so that he could kill by making believe that it had been a mistake.
"This is what I had thought."
So it is true that you received death threats?
Yes.
I remember perfectly well that I received the first one on my cell phone.
But the one that surprised me the most was the second one.
Why?
Listen for a moment, please, is there someone named Kanzaki here?
Yes, myself.
Hello, this is Kanzaki, please tell me?
(High-pitched voice) "Kanzaki, get ready because I assure you that I'm going to kill you."
(Phone: hang up)
How did you know I came to the restaurant?
What a surprise, Mr. Kanzaki!
I didn't know you were here.
What's wrong with him?
You're as white as wax!
I got really scared that day.
So I explained to him in my head what was wrong.
And he told me to go see a private detective.
And so he came to see Mr. Mouri.
And what about the stomach ache you suddenly had today?
I can only say that it came on suddenly if I've already arrived at work.
I reckon it was around 9 o'clock.
When I got there, I went to have some tea.
Mr. Kanzaki,
today you should go in costume to hand out some leaflets to...
-Mm?
What's the matter with you?
-Oh!
That's too bad!
You'll have to forgive me... but I have to go to the bathroom now.
I got sick all of a sudden, I don't understand it.
And you have no idea what could have caused it?
No, I have no idea.
When the aggression took place, I was cleaning that plant.
They insisted that I start there.
What?
They insisted?
Yeah, I still can't believe I had such bad luck,
the first day I've worked here.
That's right.
It's your first day?
I was hired just yesterday, and I just arrived at the company.
And now I have to go back to work.
"Right, that's why they chose her."
"I'm starting to understand it all."
"If she's hidden the clothes somewhere, it must be in this room."
"Gee, where's the yellow jacket and the red pants?"
"I know! Now I get it."
AAAAAAAAA!
Hey, hey, where are you going?
No, no, not that way!
Inspector Megure!
I'm told you've already discovered the culprit?
Eh?
What do you say, Mouri?
Have you gone mad?
If it's you... precisely what you called us all...

saying that he had found out who the culprit of the attack was!
Eh?
But you called me... saying that you had already...
Aaaaaaaah... Come, come, Beikapon, pim, pom...
Ah!
Now I'm sure he must be coming when he's been talking in his sleep!
Mr. Mouri, can you tell me who has been...
who Mr. Shimomura has mistaken me for and stabbed you?
He was not mistaken, the murderer.
Because it was really Mr. Shimomura who wanted to hurt you...
and not you.
What do you mean by that?
Explain yourself.
(Kogoro's voice) I say again
that the one who attacked you wanted to kill Mr. Shimomura.
However, he thought that if he attacked the victim directly,
everyone would point the finger at him, because he had his motives.
So, in order to mislead,
he came up with this whole comedy of making everyone believe,
even the police,
that he had the wrong person
and that he really wanted to kill Mr. Kanzaki.
Mmm..., that makes sense,
because Mr. Shimomura was disguising himself in a timely manner,
he knew that we would not investigate
who might have motive to harm him.
In other words,
this case is a coldly planned murder
to deceive the police investigation
by faking an unfortunate mistake by the criminal.
Am I wrong, Mr. Udagawa?
Am I?
Is this true?
But since Mr. Shimomura is not dead,
right now we can only officially consider it
as a case of attempted murder.
What?
But what are you insinuating?
All signs point to you, Mr. Udagawa.
First, you called Mr. Kanzaki while he was in a restaurant...
and threatened to kill him.
(High-pitched voice) Kanzaki, get ready because I'm going to kill you for sure.
What a surprise, Mr. Kanzaki!
I didn't know you were here.
-I don't know what you're talking about!
-It was you who made the call?
You told Mr. Kanzaki yourself to come and check it out,
because he needed there to be some witnesses
to confirm that he had received death threats,
and it occurred to him to choose me,
because I'm a very reputable detective in town.
Then, this morning,
he put a laxative in the tea Mr. Kanzaki was drinking.
That's why he had so much belly pain that he had to run to the bathroom.
"Then he asked Mr. Shimomura to fill in for him.
"And to put on the Beikapon costume,
as he had meticulously planned."
I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!
Because it really looked like a mistake,
he wanted to make sure there was an eyewitness
who also felt that he was saying, "I'm going to kill you, Kanzaki!"
That's why he hired me
and insisted that I start with that plant!
It was a coincidence!
It was a coincidence.
That's not true, Mrs. Akaiwa was chosen specifically for that.
Because if it had been someone who had been with the company for a long time,
I would have recognized her voice.
Right after she stabbed Mr. Shimomura,
she came running into the staff room.
What's wrong?
You were there, but you didn't see him...
because he was sleeping soundly.
"Probably because of the sleeping pills
that the tea must have put him too."
"Once he took off his ski mask and the flashy clothes he was wearing..."
Please listen, it's very urgent!
I only came to see him for a moment
because I was afraid he had nothing serious.
But he seems to be fast asleep.
He's making all this up!
Why on earth would Mr. Shimomura want to kill, eh?
I haven't had much time to look into his cell phone yet,
because I wanted to rush to catch him
before you couldn't get rid of the incriminating evidence.
What evidence are you talking about?
You mean the yellow jacket?
And the ski mask.
And the red pants?
Since there was a lot of movement right away,
after the incident took place,
I doubt he had time to get it out of the building.
But if he has hidden it somewhere,
why did he propose to search everything himself?
Why don't we have him search the building from top to bottom?
Because he knew they wouldn't find it anywhere, no matter how hard they looked.
Am I wrong, Mr. Udagawa?

Because I'm sure he still has it all on him.
On top?
That's why he didn't even want to roll up his sleeves earlier.
Mr. Udagawa, I see you're sweating profusely, too.
Ah, no, thank you.
It's just that I have a bit of a cold.
Not so fast, sir.
It's reversible!
He's had the entire inside
of the top of the uniform with yellow fabric.
Let's see the pants...
They are red!
So there was no need for him to change his clothes.
The only thing he had to do after stabbing the victim was...
turn his jacket and pants inside out.
Understood.
But this doesn't explain where the ski mask went.
The only thing I can think of is that he might still be wearing it.
Exactly, even though I'm wearing it!
I know it's not nice to laugh, but I can't stop!
But how clumsy!
How can you think of wearing something over your head as underwear?
Don't you see... the gods will punish you for that?
But why did you do it?
You see, I haven't really found a better place to hide it.
No, I was asking you why you attacked in Shimomura.
But you've just been offered
to be the manager of store number 5 in the chain that's about to open.
You are right, it was a very important moment in my career.
But in Shimomura he discovered
that I had taken money from the cash register in the promotions department
and told me that he was going to report it to the management of the Beika chain.
So I had no choice but to kill him,
if I wanted to get the address of the new store.
(Mobile)
What a piece of animal!
(Mobile)
Yes, it's me.
(Mobile) Ah!
(Mobile) All right.
All right. (Cell phone ringing)
(Cell phone ringing) Perfect.
I just got word that Mr. Shimomura is out of danger.
-So glad!
-I'm so glad!
The disguise is so thick
that the knife didn't go in deep enough to give him a mortal wound.
Damn, then he should have stabbed harder.
What are you saying?
You are not an animal, you are a monster!
Take him out of here immediately!
I agree.
"You're absolutely right, this man is a monster from head to toe."
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Come on!
Everybody come over here!
Look what a band-aid I'm wearing!
The Beikapon is invincible!
I want you all to know that!
Beikapon!
Beikapon!
Come on, cheer me up everybody!
Beikapon!
"Everything is used to sell, eh, Beikapon?"
During a transfer in a patrol car,
a detainee has disappeared along with the policeman who accompanied him.
But... but it's in Takagi!
What happened?
It's Miss Chie Konak, isn't it?
My name is Kogoro Mouri and I'm a private detective.
"I don't understand... Something doesn't add up..."
"Don't miss the next episode:
Inspector Takagi flees in handcuffs."

