"We met a very strange child
who was standing still looking at the entrance of an apartment."
"He explained to us that they had murdered
a girl who was a friend of his."
"We found the girl hanging,
"But there was no stool near him,
"Therefore, I suspected that it was...
a murder disguised as a suicide."
"But then..."
Mm?
Aaah!
-They're... they're... They're there!
-What is it now?
The men who entered the apartment a while ago.
Those... three!
"We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"The case of the three men
"Who don't tell the police because there's money involved
ends in an unexpected way."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The first three to arrive (second part)."
(Mitsuhiko) Wow.
And now what are we going to do?
Because it's obvious
that they won't let us witness the interrogations.
Calm down, guys.
No, it's very clear.
I've slipped a Junior Detective League pin
in Agent Takagi's pocket.
I thought so.
So you took the 500,000 yen from the apartment, huh?
I'm... I sit down.
So, let's see, where exactly was the money?
-Mm?
-They were around here on the ground.
They were under the victim.
They were all "screwed" here on the ground.
I mean... scattered around here on the ground.
And after murdering Miss Koma,
you took the money and you also took her cell phone?
The cell phone?
The charger is here, but not the cell phone.
(Inspector, maybe Miss Koma...
has used the banknotes to climb.
No, she wouldn't have done anything with 500,000 yen.
10 million yen makes a thickness of about 10 centimeters.
Yes, that's right.
But 500,000 is nothing.
Next.
Send in Mr. Habanaka.
The victim weighed only 47 kilos.
What if the killer took her in powdered form
and hung her up to simulate suicide?
He would be the prime suspect.
What do you think?
(Think) "She has duct tape to the sole of her sandal."
(Habanaka) I already explained a moment ago, didn't I?
When I arrived, I took off my shoes,
I took the manuscript from the table and I left.
Surely it was on the table, the manuscript?
The forensic police say
that near the victim there were 3 types of footprints.
Ah... I see.
It's just that...
The truth is that the manuscript
was inside an envelope located under the victim.
I'm sorry, but... a moment ago I didn't tell the truth.
I entered the apartment without taking my shoes off to get it.
Under the victim, too?
But I find it very strange, that today someone still writes by hand.
Yes.
Between the mistakes and the corrections, everything costs a lot to read.
That's why I only read the manuscripts that I receive
once my assistant has passed them on to the computer.
By the way, can you tell me how many pages this manuscript is?
It's for a two-hour special episode, about 100 pages.
Were they folded?
Screwed, maybe?
No.
100 sheets of plain paper must be a centimeter thick.
Well, they wouldn't have served as a platform, either.
And listen, how come you didn't tell the police right away?
This I'm going to tell you is confidential.
Actually, she was working in black for a famous screenwriter.
I thought that if with the investigation this came to light,
we'd be in a lot of trouble on TV.
No wonder, of course.
In fact, I wanted her to start working on her own soon.
But for the moment it couldn't be,
because the scriptwriter loved
the exciting mystery plots the girl wrote.
"Thieves of the moonless night".
By the way, what is the title of the series?
Ah!
I know it, I know it!
They are a gang of thieves

who are dedicated to stealing from rich and evil people.
But in the last episode everything goes wrong
and they kill the couple they wanted to rob,
and the group of thieves ends up splitting up.
Yes.
And it affected me a lot, that one.
-Yes, it did.
Very much so.
-It got to you?
But, luckily, it turns out that it wasn't all what it seemed.
In this last script, you see that the thieves are reunited.
Because it turns out that the couple they thought were dead,
are actually alive.
Are you... are you serious?
Yes, but... little did he think...
"...that it would be their posthumous work."
The day before yesterday... we discussed the bar.
You mean you and the victim, Miss Koma?
Yes, the truth is that I came home so that she told me...
that she wanted to apologize for what happened.
The owner of the bar and the customers who were there at that time
could see how we were arguing.
Therefore, I immediately thought that they would not believe me
if I told them that when I arrived I found the young lady dead.
And that's why you left without notifying the police?
Yes, but..., evidently,
I couldn't even imagine
that that boy had seen me enter and leave the apartment.
-It was an absurd discussion.
-By the way, why did you quarrel?
(Mobile)
We had been drinking and ended up making a mountain out of a molehill.
Hey.
Take the phone.
Pick it up at once, it won't stop ringing, man!
No, I'm sorry.
The ringing phone is not mine.
(Mobile)
Eh?
But it's mine!
I did not remember that the other day changed the tone.
Eh?
And hangs up without answering?
I don't understand.
(Shibakaru) "Don't worry, it's nothing, it's an unimportant call."
(Shibakaru) What?
Did you get anything?
(Shinichi voice) Yes, and I think I know how it went.
And I know who this boy is.
I found out his name is Mamoru Gann.
And how did you find out?
Three years ago, a gang of thieves broke into a house.
They killed the father and mother of the family
and made off with two million yen that was in the house.
He was the only son of the couple.
I saw pictures of the family on the internet.
It turns out that the boy had gone on a field trip
and that's why nothing happened to him.
Since the robbery, the gang of thieves has shown no sign of life.
And, regarding the two million yen,
the trail was completely lost.
Ah... It's finally over.
So what?
Can we go now?
I have to go back to the TV studios.
(Conan voice) Something, Takagi.
Well... yes.
It's not for nothing,
but I think I should search the apartment more thoroughly.
I think the 500,000 yen that's missing is still there.
And another thing...
What?
Eh?!
Could you lend me 20,000 yen?
To make a long story short, according to the witness statement,
a while after the three of you entered
and exited the victim's apartment one after the other,
he entered the apartment and discovered the hanging corpse.
Taking into account that there was no stool or any similar object at the victim's feet.
or any similar object at the victim's feet,
the only feasible hypothesis right now is that this was a murder.
The killer would have us believe that it was a suicide.
But it is not, and the murderer is one of the three of you.
But how can it be?
I have already told you that it was not me.
I made it very clear that when I entered the apartment,
Miss Koma was already dead.
Yes, I admit that I took the money that was on the floor,
but I didn't kill her.
Neither did I.
The only thing I did was to take the manuscript that was on the floor,
under Miss Koma.
I didn't do anything, my conscience is clear.
I am also very calm.
When I entered the apartment I saw her hanging on the ceiling.
And I, unlike the other two, I have not taken anything from your house.
Yes.
Can you tell me around what time you entered the apartment?
Well... I don't know.
I remember you told me to come around two o'clock,
but what I don't know is what time I arrived.
I think I also arrived around two o'clock.
When I called him from the booth,
he asked me to come at that time.
I came unannounced.
I had not arranged to meet her.

Well, the three of them came at about two o'clock...
and, by all accounts, they didn't meet at any time.
What a coincidence, isn't it?
Well, that's not so strange, is it?
Or maybe they have agreed...
to keep secret the time
that Miss Koma told them to come and see her.
And I say that because I think the three of them know each other.
Is it true?
Do they know each other?
Earlier I noticed something that caught my attention.
When the older man used the lighter
to light the cigarette,
it was quite windy, but the flame that came out didn't move at all...
because he had the tallest man near him and the wind was blocking him, right?
That's possible.
Yes, but he started coughing because of the smoke.
If he coughed, it's because he doesn't smoke.
If he doesn't smoke, why did he come so close?
For a very simple reason:
the older man is an important person because of the big man.
Of course, I get it.
That's why he came so close to him: to block the wind, right?
The older man is smoking outside;
therefore, if smoking bothers him, it wasn't necessary for him to come closer.
And another detail.
When he has left the lighter to the long-haired boy,
he adjusted it so that it didn't have such a big flame.
And what if I adjusted it?
Can you tell us how you knew, before you lit it,
that the older man has it adjusted so that the flame comes out at the maximum?
Well, because... Well, because...
Besides, I also noticed that, when he started smoking,
the tallest gentleman stared at him as if to say:
"I don't like you smoking at all, boy".
The boy with the long hair got frightened
and threw the cigarette, even though he had practically just lit it.
I'm convinced that the three of them know each other.
So what if we do?
What if we know each other?
The three of them have squared the versions of the facts
and have deceived us about the time they arrived at the lady's apartment.
Because, if the three of you keep insisting...
that the girl was already dead when they went,
this means that the first one to arrive
must be the one who murdered him and hanged her.
But this would mean that all three are lying.
This is true.
It is for this reason that he has decided to take the victim's cell phone,
because he didn't want anyone to know in what order they arrived.
What?
I believe Ms. Koma has sent a message to each of you
to each of you to come.
Instead of saying it by word of mouth,
she sent you a message one at a time.
And that's why you haven't met,
even though you came at approximately the same time.
And you say he took Miss Koami's cell phone?
The older man didn't recognize the ringtone when it rang, did he?
And he didn't take the call either.
"This proves that the cell phone that rang belonged to Miss Koma."
"The cell phone with which you showed the photograph,
was actually the victim's, wasn't it?"
And how do you know about the call?
Because I heard it from outside.
I have very good hearing, me.
"Then I have to retrieve the Junior Detective League pin from Takagi's pocket.
from Takagi's pocket."
Later, Mr. Shibakaru, if you don't mind,
I'd like to see this cell phone that you claim is yours.
Okay, okay, it's true, it's not mine.
But the order in which the three of them have been arriving
and that can be deduced thanks to the cell phone,
is of no importance.
Eh?
It's of no importance?
Ah, Agent Takagi!
Did you buy everything?
Yes, that's it.
I bought the notebook and the tape,
and I've unloaded the 20,000 yen in 1,000 yen bills.
May I ask what we want to use them for?
It's just... I want to do a little experiment.
Yes.
Can we go into the apartment?
Come in. Come in.
Come on in.
You can help me now, guys.
You'll see, it'll be a bit like a plastic class.
(Ayumi) Got it.
It is already, Conan.
(Ayumi) All right.
(Ayumi) Thank you.
Put it down, please.
And that represents... that it has something to do with the investigation?
I think so.
-We could do it in class.
We have fun, huh?
Oh, yeah.
That's it.
But... but what do you say?
We've got it all set up.
The only thing he's done is to screw

20 1,000 yen banknotes with adhesive tape
and put the rolls straight on the floor.
But surely the guy with the long hair
had seen them before, these rolls, right?
Because earlier he said
that he had found the money "screwed" on
the feet of the lady who hung herself.
I'm sure he meant to say "scattered",
but at that moment it came out "screwed".
-Ah... Ah... Yes...
-Is that what happened?
Let's see, and this experiment?
Now we put the notebook on the rolls...
and I'm on my way.
Ah!
See?
Hold my weight.
So strong!
Oooh!
I weigh 18 kilos nailed.
But how can this be?
Each of these rolls can hold up to one kilo.
Yes, I get it.
Miss Koma used them as a stool.
She weighed approximately 47 kilos.
If she has grounded the 500,000 yen screwed onto 50 rolls
and then placed the 100-sheet manuscript on top of all the rolls.
on top of all the rolls,
she has made a kind of stool that could support her weight.
Now I understand it.
And then, with a kick, he has collapsed it all and hung himself.
Mr. Sakaba has stolen the 500,000 yen screwed in rolls
that was scattered on the floor
and Mr. Habanaka took the envelope with the manuscript...
that was on the floor,
so that the "stool" disappeared...
and so it looked like a murder.
The only thing missing was that Mr. Shibakaru was carrying the cellphone
because no one knew that the three of them had been summoned
to come one after the other.
And if on top of that there was a witness outside
who saw them going in and out of the apartment,
the three of them would end up being suspected of having committed murder.
-So he did commit suicide.
-Unbelievable.
Wow, what a break.
But this theory has yet to be proven.
The proof is on the sole of the sandal
worn by the long-haired boy.
Pieces of the adhesive tape that Miss Koma has used
that Miss Koma has used.
- (Takagi) It's true!
-It can't be.
And this is sure to clear up another question.
She took the time to remove the tape from the banknotes.
and that's why it took her so long to come from the cashier.
That's right.
I'm sure Miss Koma's fingerprints will be on the tape.
And you'll also find traces of the tape on the bills
that the boy deposited at the bank's ATM.
You heard the man.
Switch immediately to the bank to confirm it.
Yes, sir.
It's amazing, the deduction you've made, Conan.
You look exactly like Shinichi.
Ah..., yes, it's just that we've...
I was just discussing the case with him on my cell phone...
and now I've just read his conclusions.
"Sure, I thought so."
This means that we are innocent, then.
-I have a lot of work to do.
-Can we go now?
No.
No way.
Before we leave, we must clarify why he did what he did.
Ah, yes, that's right.
I'll give you back your cell phone.
I took it because I didn't want you to suspect me.
I apologize.
I don't know why he committed suicide
and tried to put the blame on us,
but, in my case I suppose it's because of the argument we had in the bar.
In my case it will be because I asked him
to give me back the money I had left him.
And I deduce that the fact of not being able to sign the scripts he wrote for me
was a source of great anguish for her.
One second.
Wait for it.
Goodbye, then.
Something doesn't quite add up for me.
The girl kills herself to frame these 3 men.
And you reveal to everyone the plan she had drawn up
without explaining why she wanted to accuse them.
Yes.
Because in reality her intention was...
(People: speak at once)
-Please, a few questions.
(People: speaking at the same time) -Huh?
But what...?
Mr. Habanaka.
Is it true, the content of the confession?
-Explains everything.
-The contents of the confession?
The manuscript of Miss Yasue Koma
that you brought to your assistant earlier.
It says that she was a member of the gang of thieves formed by Kuramichi Habanichi.
formed by Kuramichi Habanaka,
Denji Shibakaru and Ronpei Sakaba.
Are you the members of that robbery gang?
He says that his cell phone has all the evidence to prove it.
And that the money you stole is deposited in Toht Bank.
No.
I am convinced that there must be some mistake.
Whether there is any mistake or not,

it will be better to tell us about it quietly at the police station.
("Kimi y no uso", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
"By the way, they have found inside a pillow in her room....
the 500,000 yen that Ms. Koma had withdrawn from the bank.
What?
But she already had the 500,000 yen she had stolen!
why did she go to the bank to withdraw 500,000 more?
Because she wanted the police to know that the 500,000 yen was stolen.
Otherwise, they wouldn't have discovered the whole set-up.
And he did it so that it would be known what had happened 3 years ago.
Yes.
I gather she wanted the 3 men arrested for murdering her.
and, while the police were investigating them,
to discover that they were part of the gang of murderous thieves.
That's why she was so keen to have them arrested.
But, I'm surprised you knew that I hadn't touched five?
the 500,000 yen that served as evidence.
In the last robbery they committed
and which resulted in the two murders,
they took two million.
Divided by four that's 500,000.
Since she felt guilty about what happened
and left the gang, she was not supposed to touch them.
In addition, although there were several details...
that made me think that they were the members of the band..,
the definite certainty came from what she said in Shibakaru.
But, evidently, I could not even imagine...
that the boy had seen me going in and out of the apartment.
Inspector Megure looked at all of us
and only commented that there was a witness,
but the older gentleman already knew that the witness... was the child,
who was Mamoru Gann.
This shows that he knew that Miss Koma
had a good relationship with poor Mamoru.
But don't you think it's very cruel
to use Mamoru as a witness to her stunt?
I suppose they must have threatened her
telling her that if she didn't want Mamoru to know that she belonged
that she belonged to the gang of thieves who killed her parents,
she had to hand over the money or they would write the series,
and that if he didn't go back to work for the gang, they would kill Mamoru.
And that's why he made the child the witness.
I guess he would want the police to protect him afterwards.
And I imagine he would want to pay for his crimes by committing suicide.
But it was a big mistake.
Because, in addition to collaborating in the death of Mamoru's parents,
committing suicide caused the boy to lose the first friend
he had had for a long time.
Eh?
That he lost...
I don't know why, but all of a sudden...
it came to my mind that everyone said he was missing an eye.
A in Rom.
Whose eye?
He hurt his eye in an accident... and lost it.
And he's been wearing a glass one ever since.
Hidden s.
I don't get along with anyone on the team.
If he ends up out of a job, it'll be my fault.
What's going on? What's going on?
Is everyone all right?
What a fog!
Ryo!
Where is he?
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The bodyguard Kogoro Mouri."

