Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(thump)
(Siren)
Look, I'd say the man must have fallen from up there, Inspector.
We've seen that the fifth floor corridor window was open.
And there are marks from the victim's soles on the window frame.
Mmm... I guess the picture's pretty clear.
The problem... is how he fell and why.
You see...
Mouri, what are you doing here?
Just as we were passing by we saw her
and we thought maybe we could be of some help.
Ouch.
Uh... Eh?
Well, the nano has seen you.
Hey, wait a minute, isn't this man that novelist...?
His name is Chosaku Kanbayashi.
As far as we could tell, he had a rented office on the fifth floor.
He's a writer of mystery novels.
I think they sell quite well.
(Woman) Don't say they sell quite well!
My husband... was a successful novelist!
(Woman) What?
(Flow) It's Seiko Kanbayashi, the victim's wife.
Eh?!
You've come to make the identification of the body?
Not exactly.
It seems she's the one who discovered it.
She's the one who found your husband's body?
Why did you have to die?
Why did this misfortune have to happen?
(Seiko: cries)
"We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"An inseparable pair of pigeons."
"But there is a dark side to the relationship?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The pigeon couple's stratagem."
If you don't mind,
could you explain again how you found the victim's body?
I'll do that.
This morning, before I left,
my husband asked me to do something...
There are some work documents
that should arrive in the mail this morning,
I could really use a ride to my office.
-I know, don't worry.
-Well, but I... -I...
If you want, first you can look at the program and then you can take me to the door.
(Seiko) "After the documents arrived, I took them and went out of the office,
I took them and left the house."
(Seiko) "It was 12 o'clock."
"But when I called him to tell him that I was going
he didn't pick up the phone."
"I thought maybe he wasn't feeling well,
so I asked the janitor to open the door with the master key."
It's very strange, Mr. Kanbayashi is not here.
But he can't have left the building, either.
-Huh?
-Huh?
Mrs. Kanbayashi arrived at the building around 12:20.
We discovered her husband a little later.
This watch the man is wearing on his wrist is stopped at 11:50.
It most likely coincides with the time he fell.
That is, about 30 minutes before he was found.
What I don't quite understand is why he is wearing work gloves.
Well, by the looks of them, these gloves look brand new.
It's strange, but now I just saw that she's wearing sneakers.
I think she was wearing leather shoes this morning when I saw her.
Are you sure?
The scratches on her face, how did she get them?
I don't understand.
She must have rubbed her face against the floor when she fell down.
So, he should have grains of sand stuck to the wounds, right?
Maybe with the autopsy we'll have more information about it all.
I'm sure if we go to Mr. Kanbayashi's office,
we'll find out something.
Wow!
You were very young when this picture was taken, weren't you?
Yes, when we got married,
we only had money for basic things like rent and food.
We had to make an effort
to buy the fox and the stuffed badger.
I didn't know you had kept this very old photo.
Could you tell me if this morning
did you notice anything different this morning, Mr. Kanbayashi?
No, although he came down in the middle of the morning...
and told me he was going out for five minutes to buy cigarettes.

So it's your wedding anniversary today?
That's right.
I am very grateful to my wife,
because if I am what I am, it's thanks to her.
But I'm often ashamed to tell her.
So far, I'll be right back.
This is what you said?
Well, it's just the opposite.
Thanks to Chosaku, I have had a very happy life.
And he has always seen to it that I had every comfort.
Apparently there was no problem at all, between the two of them.
In the specific case of her husband,
judging by the work gloves and slippers he was wearing,
it seems... he was working on something
"...when he accidentally fell out of the window and killed himself."
So... it must have been an accident?
I wouldn't be too hasty.
Are you sure, Inspector Megure?
Outside the window we haven't found anything.
You're absolutely right.
So it's unlikely he was working on anything.
Mm.
Well, that means it was a homicide.
Someone has cornered Mr Kanbayashi against the window
and then pushed her out, yes.
Mm?
Hey, Mr. Mouri...
-What are you saying?
-That's impossible!
The thing is that today is a public holiday
and the only person in the building was Mr. Kanbayashi.
Even if someone had snuck in,
the only way to access them was through the service door.
And I didn't move from there at any time.
Of course... You got it, kiddo?
Then the only thing left is suicide.
(Seiko) I wouldn't be surprised.
He had told me that today was the deadline for handing in the novel.
He was probably anxious about not finishing it on time,
and that's why he acted so impulsively.
He was not aware that he was suffering so much.... It was my fault.
It has sometimes happened that when a writer has felt blocked...
Can I say something?
If I had jumped impulsively,
I wouldn't have jumped out of this window
instead of the other one in the corridor?
Is it true what I have been told?
Your husband is dead, Mrs. Kanbayashi?
Mr. Ikejiri?!
I came to see how Mr. Kanbayashi's novel was doing...
and they told me he died a while ago.
That's true.
Mr. Ikejiri is the editor who handled... all of Chosaku's work.
And now, if you won't mind, you'll have to excuse me a moment.
I have to find a way to resolve this situation.
Please let me see the novel!
He's just doing his job, he is.
Hey, hey, hey!
Besides, if it's a case of suicide...
Eh?
But the novel is finished!
Yes, it's true.
But when... I called him this morning, he... he told me that...
"Hey, I'm blocked, you know?"
"I don't think I can finish until 4:00 at the earliest."
However, he had it finished before noon, just as he died.
He must have been messing around with Mr. Ikejiri,
as he had done before.
So this is the writer's last joke, eh?
Then it's most likely not a suicide.
Accident, murder, suicide?
None of the options fit at all.
And this doesn't make any sense!
"I have a feeling there's something we're missing."
"There should be some clue in this room."
"Courier bags?"
"They're documents."
"So they were usually sent here."
"Why did you have them sent home today?"
Hey, what are you doing now?
It's a receipt from the supermarket near here.
Doesn't that seem a little strange to you?
Huh?
You bought a carton of cigarettes
and some work gloves just this morning.
That means that somewhere...
That's it!
Look, I found the cigarettes!
But... you say that Mr. Kanbayashi went out to buy cigarettes
about 10 minutes before he fell down and killed himself?
Mmm.
You're right, that's nonsense.
Sometimes he did things like this.
When he was absorbed in work
I could buy some product twice.
You've felt it, haven't you?
Well, if you'll excuse me, I'm heading back to the publishing house.
I'll come by later to see what to do.
Eh?
Mrs. Kanbayashi, I'm really sorry.
Nothing, it's just that it seemed a little strange, all of it.
You mean that photo from when you were young hasn't always been there?
Of course it hasn't.

Besides, there had been nothing between the two of them for a long time.
Mrs. Kanbayashi wanted a divorce and everything,
but her husband was stingy and didn't want to pay her alimony,
so she avoided talking about it.
Gee, are you serious about this?
When she got tired of Mr. Kanbayashi, she became obsessed with Korean music stars.
with Korean music stars.
But I forbid you to tell anyone, okay?
Okay, okay, okay.
-Yes?
-Excuse me!
In my network of informants,
the relationship between you and your husband was long over.
It seems... that this could be the key
to solving the case of your husband's fall and death.
It's true that we had a major crisis some time ago.
But now... we had already managed to resolve our differences.
I can't believe you're bringing this up just now.
Come on, Mouri.
Well... in fact I don't.......
Eh?
I'm... well... no... Nanooo.
"Something doesn't add up."
"Murder, suicide, accident."
"Whichever way you look at it, the pieces just don't add up."
"It all gives me a bad feeling."
"And, above all, what was Mr. Kanbayashi doing...
right... above this window?"
"There's a window on the other side, too."
"I get it! That would explain absolutely everything."
"This must be about here. Eh?"
The men's room?
"Between one window and the other...
there's a distance of about two meters."
"If you jump decisively you can go from one window to the other."
"Cleaning is done every day at 7 o'clock, 11 o'clock and 5 o'clock in the afternoon."
"As long as everything is back in its place at those hours..."
Besides, whenever the documents arrived,
it could be predicted that Mrs. Kanbayashi
would leave the house after 12 o'clock.
"From her house to here on foot it takes 20 minutes."
"Between the house and this building there is... Beika's green area?"
The trees obscure the area even in the daytime.
"But she must have thought two meters was nothing,
and when she jumped, she missed and fell..."
That the widow didn't tell the truth?
-What?
It seems so.
She deceived us?
Mrs. Kanbayashi said she left the house at 12 o'clock, didn't she?
One of her neighbors saw her leave the house much earlier.
"At around 11:20 or so."
In other words, he got us all tangled up,
as he must have arrived here around 11.40.
"And Mr. Kanbayashi fell out of the window at 11:50."
So, if he has arrived at 11.40,
really... she could have made him fall out of the window without a problem.
But even if she had come in at that time,
she couldn't have gotten in without the janitor seeing her.
I don't know if we should suspect Mrs. Kanbayashi.
But she lied about the time she left.
-I understand.
Don't be like that.
-And time, here, is key!
"What's going on here?"
"Mrs. Kanbayashi could have arrived around 11.40."
She arrived at 11.40?!
Isn't that when Mr. Kanbayashi went out to buy cigarettes?
Then, could it be that...?
"Gee, in this case, the scratches he had..."
Got it!
(Takagi) Mr. Mouri, you mean?
Are you sure about that, Mouri?
If we question her, she'll confess!
No!
There's one thing that's not clear, though, with my deduction!
It's true, the first time I left the house at 11:20.
(Kogoro) What do you mean, "the first time"?
I left in a hurry
so that I could bring you the documents as soon as possible.
And I forgot to lock the house.
I had already gone halfway when I thought about the open door
and I came back in a hurry.
The second time I left the house it was 12 o'clock.
Understood.
This explains everything, then...
It's... too convenient to be true.
What?
Are you satisfied, Mouri?
Ah...
O-por-ti, o-por-ti, o-por-ta.
Aaaaah...
(Kogoro voice) The deadly fall of Mr. Chosaku Kanbayashi
is really mysterious, but I've finally managed to solve it.
Mrs. Seiko Kanbayashi, you've been...
about to die at the hands of your husband just a few hours ago.
What are you saying now?
It can't be true!
The reason was probably
that he had started a relationship with another woman.
(Seiko) Are you sure?

Now, he couldn't just kill her....
because he would have been the prime suspect.
For this reason he tried to create a false alibi to protect himself.
First, to get her to come here,
he asked her to bring him those documents he received today.
Normally you would have them sent to the office,
but this time he had them sent home.
"So, at 11:40,
"Mr. Kanbayashi said he was going out to buy tobacco,
"which was not true, because he went into the building next door,
"He opened the window of the men's room on the fifth floor,
which is right across the street, and came back as if nothing had happened."
"Next he has put on his slippers,
"jumped from the window of this building to the one next door,
"He went down to the street and went out to look for her
to ambush her in Beika's green area and kill her."
"He then planned to return by doing the same route in reverse."
Look, so much suffering and I finally managed to finish it.
"Then I would have given the novel to Mr. Ikejiri..."
and the only thing left for him to do
would have been to close the window of the toilet in the building next door,
which had been left open,
and if he managed to eliminate this last clue,
he could have committed a perfect crime.
Besides, since today is a holiday,
no one would have used that washroom at any time.
Therefore, if the window was closed again at that time, no one would have noticed anything,
no one would have noticed anything.
Then they would have found his wife's body
and would have established the time of death around noon.
The janitor of the building reportedly stated that Mr. Kanbayashi
had been inside the building all day
and, therefore, no one would have thought that he was the murderer.
In the morning he had gone out for a while,
but since it is impossible to get to and from the crime scene
in such a short time, no one would have suspected him or the alibi.
He finished the novel early
because after committing the crime he would not have had enough time.
Although he had to solve the issue of the window in the other building.
My goodness, what a lot of trickery to set up an alibi.
Clearly he had planned
how to get back quickly after murdering her!
Indeed he had.
But despite the fact that Mr. Kanbayashi
had put on work gloves and slippers,
he couldn't jump to the window on the other side as he had planned.
He missed the jump, fell and killed himself.
So it was an accident and nothing more.
He was a bastard.
And I'm an idiot.
I hadn't realized that I was such a nuisance to him
that he decided to get rid of me... as if I were an old piece of junk.
Madam...
Whenever you feel like it, you can stop pretending.
What do you mean by that?
I don't understand you!
What's that?
Mr. Kanbayashi didn't die because he didn't calculate correctly
the distance of the jump to the other building,
but because you prevented him from getting there!
We know from the neighbor that he left the house at 11:20 a.m. and arrived at the building 10 minutes late,
and that you arrived at the building approximately 10 minutes later.
"So you have seen your husband acting suspiciously."
"In fact, she was already suspicious of him when she had the documents sent home."
"Without a second thought, she followed Mr. Kanbayashi,
sneaking into the men's room."
"There he realized what he was preparing and what his intentions were."
"That's when he decided to use his own plan against him."
Come on!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(Batacazo)
I mean, your husband's fall was actually a homicide.
I could never... do anything like that...
You and the janitor... have discovered together... the body,
because without a third person,
most likely all suspicions would have fallen on him.
You are the one who will benefit the most
from your husband's death.
And you will receive a lot of money from his life insurance.
I don't understand how you can have such a twisted imagination, you.
If we look, we'll find the evidence...
the men's room in the next building without any effort.
(Chiba) Inspector,
we've found an eyelash of Mr. Kanbayashi's scrub brush!
(Takagi) It's funny, we also found this on the floor!
It looks like a woman's hair to me.

I am sure that when they analyze the DNA there will be no doubt.
That Pocapena of my husband's
had been trying to kill me for quite some time.
That's why I decided to go ahead and kill her first.
It's a matter of survival.
It's really a pity, because I didn't think it would get me.
I had been thinking about how to get him off my back for a long time.
The only thing I had to do
was plant the brush in his face,
on that stupid, pretentious novelist.
How can he have such a cold attitude after killing someone?
Huh?
So, both of them are guilty.
Even though each of them wanted to kill the other,
they made it look like they were a happy and comfortable couple.
They are really like fox and badger, like dog and cat.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Just a moment.
Mrs. Kanbayashi, can you answer me a question?
The criminal plan your husband had orchestrated has failed
because you left the house 40 minutes ahead of schedule.
Your favorite Korean star program was on...
Why didn't you stay to watch it until the end?
Do you want to know, Mr. Mouri?
It's very simple, because I had come up with a great plan...
to kill my stupid husband
in such a way that it would look like an unfortunate accident.
And you know what?
It was a perfect plan.
And I couldn't help myself,
I had decided that I would carry it out as soon as possible.
I am of the opinion that some things can only be done in the heat of the moment!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-Hey, where?
Wait!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Damn!
What must be going through that woman's head?
"It's really scary."
(Seiko: keeps laughing)
(Seiko: continues laughing)
When I call, I'll kill her!
And now give me the jewels, right away.
"The crime plan"?
Oh, my mother!
My dear Mr. Miratge is in grave danger!
But I will not give up.
I have found them!
Yes, but I see that the most important object is missing.
This could be the birth
of the world famous detective Funachi!
"Don't miss the next episode:
The confusing deduction of a dreamy young girl."

