Ay, ay, ay...
Listen, I think that yesterday...
a very special person disappeared.
That's why I would be extremely happy if I could find him right away!
Eh?
You already asked me yesterday, this, and my answer was no.
As I told you, I'm very busy.
Don't take this the wrong way,
but it seems to me that right now you have all the time in the world, as I see.
What do you mean by that?
I have the feeling that you didn't understand anything I said.
I'll tell you again!
(Shinichi, think) "The crime plan"?
Don't insist any more, I'm sure it's all false.
Besides, I suspect you don't even know the man you say is missing.
Am I right?
Am I?
Well, actually I passed him one day in the street.
And you know what?
He looked just like, just like Mr. Mirage,
a character from a very popular video game for girls!
And I can't deny the evidence, he is such an attractive guy....
So, you followed him and took pictures of him without permission?!
What?
Sort of...
I repeat that detectives of my category
do not help stalkers.
And you say it's Mr. Miracle himself?
Au, go home!
It's Mr. Mirage and that's all there is to it!
What's up?
Why don't you go to the police, then?
Your advice is very appropriate, but I can't, thank you.
Shall I tell you why?
Eh?
Actually, I don't have much time left.
This could be the birth...
of the world famous... Detective Funachi!
(Shinichi voice) "We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"A strange client who calls herself Funachi."
"The search for a missing person leads to an unexpected case."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The confused deduction of a dreamy young girl."
Hello, Mr. Hikone?
Are you at home?
Please answer.
Mr. Hikone, please!
Well, I, the Funachi, can't go any further.
So, you say Hikone... the man who disappeared?
Hey, aren't you... that boy I saw a while ago?
Nice to meet you, then.
That's right, my name is Conan Edogawa.
I apologize for not introducing myself.
My name is Funaki Nakai, but if it's okay with you, you can call me Funachi.
You can call me you, if you like.
"Miss Funachi"?
By the way, Funachi is the name of a heroine...
who appears in a very popular video game for girls,
and who is madly in love with a boy named Mr. Mirage.
And for this reason I have decided to use his name.
Maybe there may be some image rights issues and stuff,
but I hope it's understood that I'm only doing it
as a token of respect and a source of inspiration.
(Shinichi, think) "I don't follow her..."
Eh?
So what?
Since when has he disappeared, Mr. Hikone?
Since the day before yesterday afternoon, when I came to see him.
I noticed that the door was open
and there was no one there, which surprised me a lot.
I don't think there hasn't been anyone since that day.
(Shinichi, think) "Two days ago, huh? What's this?"
"Someone has broken the lock, and it looks like it's recent."
You look at the marks, don't you?
I, the Funachi, had noticed them.
Maybe they've been made by a ruthless burglar.
"Plaf!" Pim-pam!
Crash!
Aaaah!"
Oysters, but after flirting Mr. Mirage, what has he done?
What did he do?
It can't be!
He disappeared without a trace!
Oh, I don't even want to think about it!
What do you say about flirting?
Hello?
He's not here...
He's not here..., he's not here.
It's not here!
This means that maybe...
What are you doing?
Don't touch anything!
Mr. Edogawa, please give me a hand!
It could be that Mr. Hikone-san is buried here!
(Shinichi voice) What?

Did you say "Mr. Edogawa"?
(Conan voice) Hey, it's not that I don't want to help you,
but remember we're on a second floor.
Eh? (Conan voice)
I doubt he's buried here.
(Conan voice) Oh!
Yeah, sure, you're absolutely right... Funachi, you screwed up again.
(Shinichi, think) "This one has hallucinations...,
or we could also say 'mirages'."
Eh?
What?
I'll be right back.
Hello!
Ah... Mm?
What do you want?
Excuse me, do you know where your next door neighbor, Mr. Hikone, has gone?
No, I'm sorry, I have no idea.
Wow, is that what my neighbor's name is?
Have you by any chance seen anything strange
or has anything strange happened in the last few days?
- (door slamming)
-Well, I can't tell you now.
Stop making noise!
Can you tell me what it is, this noise?
Gee, I didn't mean to disturb.
Look, I'm actually looking for your neighbor, Mr. Hikone.
Hikone?
Mm... I don't know who you're talking about, I don't know that name!
What?!
Aaaah!
Wait, wait, don't go!
What?
Ah, ah..., ay!
Ah...!
Oh, no!
Ah! (Shinichi, thinks)
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
"What could have happened?"
Oh..., I was scared to death for a moment.
Please, Mr. Edogawa, could you close the door?
(Conan voice) Yes, sure.
(Shinichi, thinking) "What was that?"
"I had the feeling that someone was watching us."
Eh?
No, no.
Hey, what's wrong with you?
Funachi, you said you couldn't go to the police and you didn't have time.
Does it have something to do with this notebook?
Could it be..., Mr. Edogawa,
that you were a detective, too, like Funachi?
Of course, of course!
I always help Mr. Mouri solve cases, you know?
I mean, can I stop worrying...
about the confidentiality of what I tell you?
Mm-hm.
Please take a look.
Ahm... this notebook is Mr. Hikone's?
Yes, and it seems to me that it's handwritten.
But what have you done, Funachi?
This is not right at all, I know!
I scolded myself, don't believe me!
But I was so worried about Mr. Hikone
that yesterday I came here, went in and found the notebook.
This is...
That is to say, once a year they renew the most exclusive and valuable jewels...
and valuable jewelry in the store.
Every October 24th... It is today!
There is no doubt
that today is the day he plans to commit the robbery.
And I see that it is also described the way
how the jewels will be delivered is also described in detail.
You mean this is not the plan to commit a real crime?
I've searched the internet, but there's been no way...
to find any jewelry store with the name that appears in the notebook.
(Shinichi, thinking) "Eh? Wait a second."
Uai!
What's Mr. Hikone doing now?
Maybe he's wearing a mask and armed with a gun.
"If you scream, I'll kill you! The jewelry, hurry!"
Maybe he is threatening the saleswoman at this very moment!
Ouch!
What can I do, what can a simple detective named Funachi do?
(Conan voice) Look at the plans.
Don't you find them strange?
Right now I'm quite surprised and a bit lost!
Here, and here too.
I'd say this is upside down...
Upside down?
Eh?
It's obvious that the locks on the doors and the cabinets don't open,
as they are drawn in the notebook.
Ah, I get it!
Maybe even the name of the store too?
Yes, I've found it!
Ishigami?
Besides, the jewelry store is not far from here.
If we go on foot, it'll take two or three minutes at most.
You look fantastic, Mr. Edogawa!
Really?
You've done a superb job interpreting the clues
and making the deductions.
What?
Hey, what should we do now?
I mean, do we call or do we go to the store?
No, no, if I go maybe I'll meet Mr. Hikone...
who is committing the robbery and I won't be able to stand it!
"Bang! Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!"
Aaaah!
Please, Mr. Hikone-san, stop!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What could it be? There's something wrong."
Eh?
Are they...?
(Shinichi's voice) Then it could be that... Mm?

(Conan voice) I have found them!
Yes, but I see that the most important object is missing.
(Conan) What?
You mean someone...?
Had been here about!
-Aaaah!
- (phone: ring)
(phone: ring)
Hello, good afternoon.
(Man) "Hello, we're calling from Tenbun Publishing House,
from the publishing department."
"I would like to speak to Mr. Kazumasa Hikone, please."
Aaa... he's not at home at the moment.
"But he must be a relative of yours, right?"
"Well, the novel he sent us, 'The Plan of the Crime,
"It was evaluated at the last editorial meeting
and we've finally decided to publish it."
"Please, could you have him call us when he can?"
And suddenly a surprising and cool truth is revealed!
Sure, I'll let him know.
Have a great day.
So, these are pages you have rewritten,
and the notebook contains just the results of research
to write the novel!
Yes, I think that must be true.
In other words, it was all a coincidence, as usual.
It's always the same for me.
I get my hopes up like a chard, and suddenly, "patam!"
Another disappointment!
Mr. Hikone must have a great imagination
if he's been able to make me mistake his world for the real world!
I'm not exaggerating by saying that he has the talent of a god!
Woman, I don't know, I wouldn't say so much....
(Shinichi, thinks) "There are still many unanswered questions."
"And the most important thing is that Hikone-san has been missing for two days."
- (both) Hey ?!
- (alarm)
(Alarm)
(Man) The one I call, I'll kill her!
And now give me the jewels, right away!
(Police: siren)
It can not be!
Eh?
(Man) Oh!
But, Mr. Edogawa, what do you mean, "it can't be"?
(Police: siren) Oh!
Yes, I get it.
It can't be!
Mm?
Inspector Takagi!
Jewels have been stolen, haven't they?
Conan, what are you doing here?
Well, look, they've stolen a few, yes.
Isn't it true that today was the day they were wearing the new jewels?
Oh?
A thief, who has entered the boiler room in the basement...
through the manhole cover...
has managed to steal all the new jewelry
that had just been delivered to the store, right?
But how do you know all this?
Ah, ah... I thought so...
All my fears have finally been confirmed.
Are lies real or is reality a lie?
Soc totally unable to distinguish which is which!
Wow!
Hey..., where did she come from, this girl?
Indeed, we have placed police officers in the sewers...
and all the exits that connect to the outside.
Eh?
Like the burglar wanted me to do.
"Make it look like I want to flee the same way he came in,
and I'll escape through the surface."
-So there was a plan?
-It's his plan to the letter.
Yes... Look at this!
A toy gun.
But it's a...
This was also written to the plan.
Ah, come to think of it...
Funachi, show me the notebook for a moment.
Yes, it's here.
It's here!
"First, make everyone believe that I've run away.
Then, eliminate the mastermind of the robbery somewhere nearby,
and go back to my usual life as if nothing had happened.
It's really... the perfect crime."
Do you think it's possible that the thief was someone?
Oh, my goodness!
My dear Mr. Miratge is in grave danger!
But I will not give up!
Mr. Edogawa, we have to catch the real thief!
Let's go, let's go!
Well, good question...
Hey, wait!
Where are you supposed to go?
Conan, where are you going, now?
Follow me, Funachi!
Eh?
Okay, no more talk!
Run, Takagi, come with us!
What's the matter?
What are you doing here?
Mr. Nashida, will you do anything... if we talk to you?
-The police?
-Relax, it'll only take a moment.
May I know what the hell you're accusing me of, now?!
One question, Funachi...
How come a couple of sheets of paper flew out before?
Eh?
Well... it's a mystery.
Suddenly there was some kind of draught, you know?
But Mr. Hikone's window was tightly closed.
That's why when we opened the door of the apartment to get in,
the papers didn't fly through.
So, maybe...?

I have already found it!
I'm sure that the air current has entered here!
No doubt Mr. Nashida was spying on Mr. Hikone...
while he was writing his novel through this crack
I found on the edge of the wall, right?
Then he noticed the laptop he was using.
That's why you broke the lock on the door, broke in and stole it.
What do you say?
Is this true?
Yes man, and a black lamb!
They can search my apartment if they want to.
It would be a waste of time because it's not in your apartment.
It's probably pawned.
If I'm not mistaken there's a pawnshop very near here.
I'll bet he's got a receipt in his pocket for having pawned the computer
for pawning the computer and the money.
Isn't that why you were in such a good mood?
Besides, you... you read "The plan of the crime",
and today you carried it out on your own.
You robbed the jewelry store and then killed Mr. Hikone!
What are you saying?
Are you out of your mind or what?
That's just nonsense!
Then, I advise you to tell the whole truth.
Ok, I admit that stealing the computer...
and that today I've gone to pawn it.
But I assure you that when I entered the lock was already broken!
-It's the truth, I swear!
Do we have to believe it?
I haven't robbed any jewelry store, I repeat!
You've got the wrong man!
Hey, Funachi....,
do you remember if the papers have flown out for the first time
just when Mr. Nashida opened the door?
Eh?
Well...
I found a crack here too!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Exactly."
"When I felt I was being watched, we were being spied on from both sides."
"And the real thief is..."
-Eh?
- (Door: knock)
(Door: knock)
-Don't pretend!
-Can you tell me what they want now?
-What?
-You were spying on us!
If you don't mind, I'd like to talk to you for a moment, Mr. Kiyose.
May I know why?
Because if Mr. Hikone spied through the crack,
he could see the computer screen.
And when he read what he was writing, he decided to raid the jewelry store.
He broke the lock, entered the apartment,
read "The plan of the crime" and today he committed the robbery!
What are you saying?
What proof do you have of that?
As far as I can see... he got a lot of mud on himself, didn't he?
He should have kept his rain boots on.
Eh ?!
I think I've got it!
If I'd have come home using the gutter
you wouldn't have smeared mud all over the bottom of your pants.
-By street?
-You came back through the street, didn't you?
I mean, to get back from the jewelry store to here...
there are only two parallel streets.
We took one of the streets to go to the jeweler's,
but we didn't cross paths with him at any point, did we?
So he must have taken the other street,
which must still be full of puddles from yesterday's rain.
Wow, what is this?
Well, it looks like it's...
from the door frame!
This splinter must have jumped out and got stuck in the jeans tour.
Now all we need to find is the jewelry.
I'll get a search warrant.
I think the jewelry might be a....
By the way, Mr. Kiyose, you must not have the key to any closet,
or anything like it, in this bunch of keys, do you?
I have it!
There's a train station on the way here.
He must have kept them in the locker.
I got kicked out of the job... I had.
Money, I needed money!
But this in no way justifies the death of a person!
Hey, don't talk nonsense, I didn't kill anyone!
Oh, didn't you?
So you won't have to tell us where Mr. Hikone is!
But... who are you, and what are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
It can't be!
It's him!
I already knew it, nothing happened to him.
-Are you from the police?
-Excuse me, are you Mr. Hikone?
How did you know he wasn't dead?
Basically because the whole apartment was very tidy.
I thought it wasn't possible that she was attacked here.
And if she had been attacked outside the house,
then they would have stolen her passwords
and they would have been able to get in without having to pick the lock, wouldn't they?

Wow, you're the bomb, Mr. Edogawa!
It was very simple...
You are sent by the gods!
No, but what am I saying, you are a god!
Eh?
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
(Police: siren)
Gee, I'm really sorry.
It seems to me that I've caused you a lot of trouble without knowing it.
Now can you tell us where you've been for the past two days, please?
I was fed up with my lack of talent
and I've been doing a bit of sightseeing.
But I ran out of money
and I had to let it go and go back home.
It's pathetic, don't you think?
I'm not cut out for writing, it was just..., well, a dream.
But enough of wishful thinking.
I've decided to go back to my village.
But in the end your illusions are not just a fantasy...
-Eh?
-They have come true.
While you were away, you got a call from the publishing house.
They will publish your novel, "The plan of the crime", soon.
Come on, you're not fooling me!
Mm-hm.
Are you serious?
Wow!
That's strong!
I made it!
Ha-ha-ha!
What do I see?
I think you and I know each other, don't we?
Aren't you the Funachi?
So you know each other?
Ah!
A while ago I went to a video game store to get some information.
She told me everything much better
and in more detail than the store's salesman.
So, you deceived me when you said...
that you had seen her casually one day in the street, am I wrong?
It's because of the Funachi.
Well, in fact I thought... she wouldn't remember me.
I've made a calm and objective decision not to go back to...
Hey, you must be the one...
who gave me a hand in all this commotion, right?
Hey, you work for the police too?
-Or maybe you're a detective?
-What?! -What?!
-I...
Thank you very much!
How about, as a thank you, I buy you lunch?
Eh?
Aaaa...
I can write about you in my next novel.
-Huh?
What?!
-Tell me more about you, Funachi!
So... we could very well consider it as a happy ending, eh, Funachi?
It's... totally unexpected.
I'm sorry I had to say no, but...
To think that a 2D image transforms into a 3D image
and Mr. Mirage becomes a real person...
Oh!
Gee, I can't resist!
-Oh..., AAAAH!
-Hey, wait, Funachi!
Funachi!
Funachi, wait!
And what, how did it end, the case of that sound?
"Finished", you say?
This case has been the birth of a very crazy detective!
(Funachi voice) Funa!
What?
(Funachi voice) What?
A little more and I get killed by a suicide?
A stranger asked you to meet?
She told me to come here at 8.
That he had put up resistance and that, for this reason,
the first place they wanted to shoot him from was somewhere else.
Don't tell me you're thinking of an unthinkable situation.
An unthinkable situation?
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode: "A moving target".

