Dr. Agasa has been very good to us, hasn't he?
Of course he has.
I really didn't know he had such rich friends.
That's pretty strong, isn't it?
It looks like he helped this friend's company
by giving him some of his inventions.
That's why he asked him to do us this favor.
So he also makes inventions for adults from time to time, right?
Don't be mean, poor guy.
Thanks to him we can train for the soccer tournament.
"Although sometimes he gets a bit tiresome with his riddles."
The doctor said that there used to be a house on that lot.
If the ground isn't smooth enough, it won't be good for training.
Besides, last night there was a downpour of rain.
It's true.
There was a lot of thunder and even the power went out.
I was so scared!
Don't worry, guys.
We won't have any problems training.
Except for the pool, the ground is level and has good drainage.
Ui.
-The lot is up ahead?
-Something must have happened.
No.
The place where we were going to play soccer is right over there.
"We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"A locked room with no ceiling?"
"A new challenge for junior detectives."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The battle of deductions of junior detectives."
-Eh?
Ah!
- (Ayumi) Doctor Agasa!
-Has something happened?
-What's up, guys?
Yes, the corpse of a stranger has been found...
floating in the pool at the lot.
-Xxt.
-Is it a murder case?
A little while ago, I came to open the door...
"... because I could come in to play soccer...
and I found a man's body floating in the pool."
-Yes.
-There was a dead man in the pool?
How scary!
So you were the first one to see it, right?
Yes, I suppose so.
Let's go, we're in the way here.
Let's talk over there.
(Ai) What was it?
A murder or an accident?
And how come there was water in the pool?
There was only an inch, from the rain that fell last night.
How long has this pool been around?
It's a family pool, so it's about 10 meters.
And about two lanes wide.
The only way to get there is through the gate that leads to the lot?
Yes, that's right.
But when I arrived, the gate was closed and the padlock was on.
And who has the key to the gate?
According to what the friend who left me the lot told me,
this is the only copy of the key, and I have it.
So how did the man you found dead in the pool get in?
That's what Inspector Megure wants to find out.
It's very strange.
Do you have any news?
I've learned that no one has opened the door in the last 3 days.
Well, the coroner has determined
that the victim died yesterday, before midnight.
Have you been able to confirm the cause of death?
Yes, the autopsy will reveal more details,
but it appears that he died of head trauma.
(Mitsuhiko) If it was murder,
we should solve the mystery of how the culprit fled.
(Mitsuhiko) You are absolutely right.
Therefore, the plot is like a closed room,
with the only difference that it has no roof.
Closed room.
Ah!
Just saying it out loud gives me goose bumps.
Get as excited as you want,
but just think that this is now a crime scene.
and we won't be able to play soccer.
Stop.
The crime scene is the pool.
And, for training, we don't need it at all.
Yeah, you guys.
Conan's right.
I don't know if the police will see it the same way.
To get to the crime scene, which is the pool,
victim and culprit must have entered the lot somehow,
which is why access will be forbidden until we know what happened.
What?
It's not right!

The school soccer tournament is next week.
You must be able to do something, inspector.
Sure.
Sorry, I can't help you.
But you're the Junior Detective League.
If you solve this mystery, we'll talk again.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Well, I'm not amused.
With all the trouble the doctor went to to leave us the lot...
There's nothing we can do about it.
Yes, we can.
We just have to investigate and solve the mystery.
That's what the inspector just proposed, isn't it?
But it was just a joke, woman.
The inspector has promised us that, and we find out how they got into the lot,
he'll let us play soccer.
-Of course he will.
-Ayumi is right.
We'll look into it.
We have to train for the tournament no matter what.
Let's go!
The junior detectives are in action!
But... where do we start investigating?
Eh?
My friend passed me the site plan.
-Oh, yes, of course.
-It can be a starting point.
This is the entrance gate, which was locked.
In front of the swimming pool, on the other side of the wall, there is a road.
(Genta) And there is also an 8-storey building attached to the lot.
No.
Between the wall of the lot and the building there is an alley.
But cars can't get through.
Could he have climbed over the wall from the alley?
(Ai) Impossible.
There are pieces of glass and barbed wire on top of the wall.
Hey, wait a minute.
There is a crane on the side lot.
(Agasa) Yes, it seems that they are also preparing it for construction.
So, it's possible that he uses that crane.
(Agasa) "He could have climbed on the hook to overcome the wall."
(Agasa) "It's impossible. It looks like the crane arrived this morning."
I've got it.
There must be a drainage channel at the bottom of the pool.
(Agasa) "It must have slipped down there."
(Agasa) "No, it's not big enough for an adult to get through."
(Agasa) "And, besides, there's a grate."
(Agasa) "And the channel is clogged."
"That's why the pool filled up with rainwater."
Well... then, it could only come down from the sky.
"To hang from a helicopter, for example."
"A helicopter flying at night? It would make a terrible noise."
We want to sleep!
-Hey, what are you doing? -What a racket!
-What a racket!
-You idiot!
And... and with a hang glider, for example?
They don't make any noise.
With a hang glider you can't land on such a small surface.
And with a few helicopter drones?
"If you fly 10 at a time..."
(Ai) "I doubt you can control 10 remotes at once."
Maybe he used a hot air balloon.
"Balloons need a blowtorch to heat the air so they can float."
(Ai) "And it rained cats and dogs yesterday."
"And there was lightning and thunder."
-I like blimps, too.
-Maybe with a blimp, then.
It's not a question of whether you like it or not.
Besides, there's something more important.
Although the key question hasn't been asked.
Eh?
The key question?
Why did the victim go to so much trouble
to get into the pool?
Is that it?
Exactly what I was going to say.
Maybe his goal wasn't to get into the lot,
but to sneak in somewhere else.
But you already know that!
Say it at once!
Eh?
And where was he trying to sneak in, if he wasn't here?
Of course he was!
The culprit doesn't exist because it wasn't a homicide.
Ah, I get it.
If what killed him was a strong blow to the head, it could be that...
Of course, of course!
I've understood it too, now.
Hell, no.
I'm the only one who doesn't understand anything.
Here's a hint: before it started raining, the pool was empty.
Eh?
I know, that.
It filled up with water from the rain that fell last night.
I got it.
Nobody killed him by hitting him over the head.
He fell off the building next door
and cracked his head on the bottom of the pool.
In other words, the murder weapon here was Mother Earth.
I think I read this in a crime novel.
Very good.
Now we have the mystery solved.
We'll finish wrapping up in the building next door
and report back to Inspector Megure.
I'm sorry to hear that, junior detectives,
but we've come to the same conclusion.
Too bad.
Have you already investigated the building next door?
Yes, we have.
We have investigated the building, but...

Up to the seventh floor, the windows...
are locked for security and cannot be opened.
(Genta) On the eighth floor, there is a cantilevered window.
(Mitsuhiko) It must have fallen from there.
That window can't be opened either.
(Mitsuhiko) What?
It's true, it won't move a millimeter.
I decided to have the window blocked
because I was worried about the rumors.
I did it yesterday.
Earlier we went to talk to the neighbor and she confirmed it.
Then I do not understand from where it fell, the person who died.
This is also impossible.
From the roof?
The roof of the building is surrounded by a high fence,
high enough so that no one can climb in or out.
Therefore, it is impossible that he fell into the pool from the roof.
Wait a minute.
What a mystery, kid!
The disturbing rumors
the neighbor on the eighth floor had heard were about...?
Ah, the rumors.
On the news they said there was a burglar breaking into apartments.
Oh, I know who he is.
They call him the Dragon Man.
Yes.
If the body in the pool was the Dragó Man,
he didn't fall from a window, but from the wall of the building.
(Woman) "You can tell they call him the Dragon Man
because he can climb any kind of wall."
"I was really scared to meet him inside the house."
Understandable.
It was a good idea to have the cantilevered window blocked.
We've identified the body in the pool
and, indeed, it is the Dragon Man.
And did he know how to climb any kind of wall?
Where did he have to train to learn?
-Huh?
I've never heard that before.
-Doing boulder climbing, I guess.
Block climbing.
Haven't you ever seen it on TV?
It's a climbing that's done on boulders.
Oh, I know what it is.
In the neighborhood of Beika just opened a gym to practice this sport.
(Genta) Now I get it!
It's like rock climbing but using only your hands, right?
As far as we have been able to know,
Dragó Man earned his living
as a traveling artist abroad.
I'm lost again.
These are people who do shows from city to city.
Dragó Man was a tightrope walker,
he used to walk on a steel cable.
Wow, how cool!
Until the day he tried to cross the distance
between two buildings with a river in between
and failed miserably.
After the accident, he got so scared...
that he was not able to do the same show ever again.
When he returned to Japan,
he decided to take advantage of his agility and break into apartments.
Yesterday he scaled the wall of the building,
but he couldn't get in anywhere, right?
That's right.
He must not have known that the windows were blocked and he couldn't get in.
He was thinking of sneaking in through the cantilevered window on the eighth floor.
But if he was a professional burglar,
he must have checked them, this sort of thing, right?
I'm sure he'd checked it before,
but they had that window blocked just yesterday.
I get it.
He checked it when the window was still openable.
Maybe when you got to the top
he saw that the window wouldn't open, he panicked and slipped.
A pro wouldn't fall for something like that.
Yes, now that you mention it, it's true.
Well... he must have fallen for another reason.
"There's the missing piece of the puzzle."
We can't close the case
until we've clarified this point, I'm sorry.
I don't think you'll be able to come to training tomorrow either.
What do you want to do?
Let it go, this soccer thing?
-Huh?
Yes, man!
We can't give up.
-Huh?
Of course we can't.
Come on, guys, let's make one last mental effort.
Yeah, let's go.
Besides, we have a secret weapon.
Don't we?
He means you.
Huh?
To... to me?
Yes.
A witness?
Do you know if there are any witnesses to the events?
Unfortunately, just at that time there was a blackout...
that affected the whole area.
Lightning struck the substation and the power went out.
Of course, I know what happened.
The Dragon Man died because he was struck by lightning.
This would be very strange.
Doesn't lightning usually strike the roofs of buildings?
-Huh?
-No, look over there.
-There's a lightning rod up there.
-What's up there?

The lightning conductors are in contact with the ground
through a grounding point.
Maybe he was electrocuted.
(Agasa) "I don't know..."
According to the lightning record,
the 3 that struck last night went to the substation.
-Yes, what a pity!
-Oh, really?
What a pity!
Hey, what do you think of that?
The Dragon Man managed to reach the eighth floor.
That's good.
And then?
He looked into the apartment through the window.
And... and what else?
"He saw the neighbor right there."
"And, all of a sudden, she turned around and..."
Ha-ha-ha!
This is bullshit, man.
This woman has known me for a long time.
She's a quiet little old lady and very kind.
She has delicate legs
"...and she gets around with a cane or in a wheelchair,
but she is very polished and does her laundry whenever she can."
- (Genta) If you say so....
- "Mrs. Awaji is like that."
Besides, at that hour there was no light.
She couldn't have seen the inside of the apartment.
(Genta) Of course.
(Genta) You're right.
You must have been at this lady's house, right?
Yes, today I went with Inspector Megure.
(Awaji) I'm sorry, yesterday I wet the sofa and curtains by accident.
I was filling the washing machine on the balcony
and my hands started shaking.
You see, getting older is terrible.
They came to see me specifically
and I can't even invite you to sit on the sofa.
No.
Don't suffer, we're not going to stay long.
I just came to ask you
if you saw anything strange last night.
No.
And I'm sorry I can't be of more help.
"The sofa and the curtains?"
"Did you wet everything around the window?"
But there was no light,
from inside you couldn't see what was going on outside either.
Eh?
You could see.
Every time lightning struck, it illuminated everything.
At the substation there were three lightning strikes.
I got it.
I know what happened.
Where are you going?
Did you find anything?
Sorry for the inconvenience.
It's just that we have to ask you something else.
(Agasa voice) As you know, this morning...
the corpse of a professional thief...
the corpse of a professional thief that everyone called the Dragó Man.
At first the police thought that she had been murdered,
but everything seems to indicate that,
while climbing up this building to break in,
she fell for some reason, landed in the empty pool...
and cracked her head open when she hit the bottom.
The question, therefore, is why the Dragon Man fell.
As his name suggests,
his "modus operandi" was to climb walls and sneak into buildings.
This is how he had committed a series of robberies.
It's hard to believe that a professional burglar like him
would just slip up.
She must have been really scared last night, what with the thunder.
Yes, they were very scary.
Even if the lightning struck far away from here,
they must have made quite a racket.
Yes.
She was filling the washing machine on the balcony at the time.
But when the power went out he leaned out of the window
and looked in.
Just then another bolt of lightning struck.
"He looked out the window
"And in the glare of the lightning
he saw a man standing at the window."
"He instinctively pointed the hose."
"Since the window couldn't be opened, the man must not have gotten wet."
I am very sorry for him.
I didn't mean to hurt him, I really didn't.
I know, don't suffer.
You are not to blame for anything that happened.
It's just that we couldn't close the case
until we had clarified all the circumstances.
Now we have finished.
You can rest easy.
Thank you very much, Inspector.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Are you ready?
-I've got it.
Teva!
-He's got it.
Keep an eye out, I'm going out.
Ouch!
I can't.
Until what time do you plan to stay here?
Ui.
Until it gets dark and you can't see the ball.
Yes, of course.
(Genta) Tomorrow morning we'll come again, huh?
(Mitsuhiko) We'll win the tournament for sure.

The money is to exchange them for the tool, okay?
I was wondering how you plan to transport the ransom money,
the kidnapper.
100 million yen must be pretty heavy, right?
Man, a little bit yes, but I don't think it weighs much more than 10 kilos.
If he has a car ready to flee, it will be a piece of cake.
The park will be here in about 5 minutes.
Copy that, inspector.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'In Search of the Hundred Million Yen."

