Wait a minute, I don't see it clearly!
I don't know if we should do it, inspectors.
Madam...
Don't you see, that we're making a mistake?
The kidnapper has forbidden us to notify the police.
"If you notify the police, your daughter will die."
Mm...
Isn't that what he said?
If that man discovered the transmitters
that were hidden in the money bag
and in the car..,
I can't even imagine what he would do to the young lady!
Don't tell me you haven't thought about it, madam!
Yes, but...
Mrs. Tanaka, we understand perfectly well that these are very hard times.
What we want is the same as what you want:
to rescue the tool unharmed and bring it home.
But in order to do so, we need your cooperation.
Please, Suzuki, do whatever the police tell you to do.
Okay, I will.
Hey, the money is...
to exchange them for the tool, okay?
If at the time of delivery he tells you he'll release it later,
don't give him a penny!
My God!
Who knows what he will do to you, if I refuse to give him the money!
Don't do anything that is not foreseen, madam.
This is not for you to decide.
You just have to give him the money.
You can tell the money isn't yours, that's why you say such things.
But it's 100 million.
100 million!
I can't risk losing it
without the guarantee that I'll get my daughter back.
Sir, the kidnapper is also human!
When he realizes that we have not deceived her, he will return the young lady.
Well, it's not clear to me, this rescue operation.
I don't know if it's a good idea to leave it in the hands of the maid.
What will the kidnapper do once he has the money?
He's capable of getting rid of her in a bad way.
-I trust you!
-All right, I'll go then.
Eh?
Wait, madam!
Ah, thanks, kid.
You've got some dust on your sleeve.
(Shinichi voice) "We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"The ransom money will end up in an unexpected place."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"In search of the 100 million yen."
(Mechanized voice) "I have your daughter tool
held and hidden in a safe place."
"If you want her back, Mrs. Suzuki Tanaka...
you have to come to Beika central park here at exactly one hour,
at 10 o'clock sharp."
"It is important that she comes alone."
"If you make any attempt to alert the police, your daughter will die."
The car is moving along at a good pace.
It will arrive at the park in about 5 minutes.
Copy that, Inspector.
So far we haven't detected any suspicious movement in the vicinity.
"Roger that. Let's go over the operation again."
If the kidnapper shows up with the hostage,
first release the girl and then take the culprit.
In case he showed up alone, don't make any movements that would give him away.
Just a moment!
Let him go?
When he leaves, he follows.
And what will happen to my money, inspector?
-Mm?
Try to calm down, Mr. Saeki.
Leave it in the hands of the police.
We've taken all the necessary measures.
We'll take care of everything.
We've attached a very discreet transmitter to the bag
containing the 100 million yen,
and we've hidden another one in the car.
In addition, we have attached a third transmitter...
to Mrs. Suzuki's brooch.
This way we can always anticipate the kidnapper's movements and...
- "Hello, this is Suzuki Tanaka."
- (mobile)
"Yes, I've just arrived at Beika Park."
"The money is ready. Okay, the tool?"
"What do you mean, your dance teacher's name and birthday?"
Why does he ask her such strange questions, the kidnapper?
He does it in order to make sure that we have not supplanted Suzuki.
"The dance teacher's name is Miyuki Ishikawa."

"And, if I remember correctly, I'd say he remarked...
that his birthday was Valentine's Day."
A... sandbox, you say?
Yes... You want me to cut a hole in the west corner of the sandbox?
Mm!
Sandbox?
I've found it, I've got it!
Yes..., it's a map.
Of a site in Haido where there used to be a factory.
The map leads to an abandoned site in Haido!
The kidnapper has left a van with an empty bag.
Perhaps he will have him exchange the bag money and take the van.
The kidnapper must have a suspicion that the family alerted the police
and that Mrs. Suzuki is in contact.
Damn!
He's smart, this guy.
Hurry, get everyone to the lot...
and put more transmitters in the parked car
and in the bag the kidnapper has prepared for the money.
Hurry up!
It must be finished before the Suzuki arrives.
The abandoned lot is over there.
Eh?
Looks like...
"Inspector, no one go near the van, it's dangerous!
"Look at the pictures."
Dangerous?
What do you mean, exactly?
"There's nothing around the car that can act as a screen."
"If anyone gets close, they'll be able to see it from anywhere."
Understood.
Attention, do not approach the car.
Wait for further instructions.
Thus, the transmitters placed in the car and in the bag...
will be of no use to us.
Mm?
Hey, Mr. Mouri.
I was wondering how you plan to transport the ransom, the kidnapper.
100 million yen must be pretty heavy, right?
Well, a little, yes, but I don't think it'll weigh much more than 10 kilos.
If he has a car ready to flee, it will be a piece of cake.
But if he's detailed enough to think about the transmitters,
he'll have taken into account
that the bills will be traceable because they're marked.
Mm?
Yes, of course...
Besides, there are security cameras everywhere these days.
If he uses the ransom money, he'll catch it right away.
- "Inspector, this is Takagi."
-Aaa...
"Suzuki has already exchanged the purse money
and just started the van."
(Mobile)
Yes, tell me?
(Mechanized voice) "Do you know Matsubara jewelry store in Kuinre neighborhood?"
Yes, I know Matsubara jewelry store in Kuinre district, he says?
-Very well.
- "Yes, I do."
Go there and use the ransom money
to buy diamonds, worth 100 million.
"Ah, you want me to buy diamonds? With the 100 million?"
Oh!
I get it.
Your goal was to exchange the money for diamonds.
(Suzuki) "But... it means you will have so many diamonds, all of a sudden?"
(Mechanized voice) "Don't suffer,
they have 10 diamonds ordered on behalf of President Saeki."
It can't be!
I've never done it before, an order for 10 diamonds!
(Mechanized voice) "When I'm done, I'll call you back."
Wow!
I had it all planned down to the last detail.
A bag with 10 diamonds can be hidden in any pocket,
and you can sell them for money.
In exchange for unmarked and untraceable bills.
We could call the jewelry store
to stop them from selling the diamonds in the Suzuki.
No, that's not a good idea.
It would be too dangerous to interfere with their plans.
Damn it!
This Matsubara is an idiot!
You'd think we met the day before yesterday, dammit!
That's 100 million yen, man!
I've been his best customer for years.
He could have called me to confirm it in person!
(Man) Be careful, ma'am.
-Y-yes, of course.
-They're worth a considerable amount.
And don't forget to give my regards to President Saeki, please.
Thank you for your purchase.
(Mobile)
-Have you been able to buy the diamonds?
- (Suzuki) "Tell me?"
Yes.
They are as big as the tip of my little finger.
"What else do you want me to do, now?"
(Suzuki) "For the time being, continue driving towards Sakura Avenue."
"When you come to the first traffic light, turn left."
You want me to turn left at the first traffic light, then?
"Okay."
Toto Central Station.
What is there, at the end of this street?
It's a terminal station
that corresponds to different subway lines.
This means there are escape routes to spare.
You could even take a bus.

I want everyone to make their way to Toto Central Station.
From there, we will only have as a reference...
the information we get from the Suzuki.
What?
Now you don't want me to go to Toto Central Station?
So where do I go?
Tell me where I have to go!
"What's the problem? Why are you in such a hurry to know?"
N-no, it's not at all.
It's just that I want to see the little tool again as soon as possible.
Okay, I don't want to keep the child either...
any longer than is strictly necessary.
The thing is...
"...is that I know she's wearing a wire on her body."
-Ah!
- "Isn't that right, Mrs. Tanaka?"
"Don't bother to pretend."
"You parrot all my instructions."
"At first I thought he was doing it to confirm
"that you had understood what I was saying,
but now I see he doesn't."
(Suzuki) "He does it to keep the police informed of all movements."
(Suzuki) "No, and now! It's not true."
(Suzuki) "We agreed that we would not warn the police and we haven't."
(Mechanized voice) "I suspect he's hiding a bug in the brooch."
-Ah!
- "Am I wrong?"
"I know because I've been watching her from the beginning with binoculars."
"If you want to retrieve the tool,
throw the brooch out the window of the van."
"So that the exchange between you and me can go smoothly."
Mm...
"The police must not know anything."
Mrs. Suzuki!
"Okay, I'll do it."
-Punyeta, you've broken it!
- (break: crack)
(Mobile: ringtone)
(Mobile: ringtone)
He won't pick up my cell phone.
(Mobile: ringtone)
Inspector Megure!
What are you saying?!
Have you lost track of him?
Yes, sir.
It seems the kidnapper made him swap the van for a bike.
Once he took it, we lost sight of him.
In the end, exactly what I was most afraid of happened.
We became obsessed with rescuing the child
and the kidnapper escaped right under our noses!
100 million yen in diamonds!
And who knows where he has taken them now.
It's obvious.
At the place where the kidnapper is waiting for him, isn't it?
What?
Are you insinuating that the Suzuki and the kidnapper are accomplices?!
-Mm?!
-What?!
Yes... if they were accomplices, she would have fled with the diamonds.
And she would have fooled us since yesterday, when the girl disappeared.
I don't think they're working together.
Eh?
Mrs. Suzuki!
But it's you!
How could you find me?
The diamonds!
Where are they?
What have you done, the diamonds?
What did you do, the diamonds?
Ah!
He has told me to put them inside a bottle
with a red ribbon tied around the neck,
and asked me to throw it in the river.
Did you follow the instructions to the letter?
Yes!
First he told me to ride my bicycle to this dock,
and told me I would find a bottle with a red ribbon.
I was all set, I just did what he told me to do.
And what else?
You didn't see anything strange that caught your attention?
Now that you mention it, I was surprised to see so many ants in the bottle,
because it seemed to me that it was clean.
Yes, there were many.
Ants?
The police gentlemen are worried about you, Mrs. Suzuki.
You should call them as soon as possible.
Ah, yes, you're right.
Yes, you are right.
(Shinichi, thinks) "I get it. I know what happened."
-Oh!
- (wheels, squeak: iii)
Ah!
-Leina!
-Leina!
The tool!
(Man: croons)
Champagne...
(malicious chuckle)
Eh?
He's in a very good mood.
Looks like he's got something to celebrate.
W-who are you, boy?
What are you doing here?
I've come... to ask you if you know how the kidnapping is over.
No.
I'm not in the loop, I haven't seen the news today.
In fact, I doubt very much if they've talked about it on TV yet.
Oh, my goodness!
So you put the jewels in a bottle and threw it in the river.
Yes, that's right.
And the girl?
They let her go without doing anything to her?
Yes, the kidnapper released her last night.
How nice, I'm glad!
It would only be lacking that, after having paid,
they couldn't get the girl back...
Eh?

It didn't quite work out that way.
I brought this.
It's the bottle where Mrs. Suzuki put the diamonds.
If we open it, we'll find... the 10 diamonds.
Mm?
Don't you think that's a little strange?
Why would the kidnapper have let the tool go free..,
if he still didn't have the diamonds?
I don't know, I don't know!
And there is still another strange thing.
10 diamonds as big as these
are worth well over 100 million yen.
All this makes me suspect that they are, in fact, fake.
Really?!
I'm sure the maid, this Suzuki,
has put them in the bottle instead of the real ones.
Maybe she is in cahoots with the kidnapper,
that's why he's dropped the little tool.
Eh?
You're wrong.
If the Suzuki was conxorxed with the kidnapper,
he wouldn't have needed to use 10 fake diamonds.
In fact, it would only have been necessary for him to say:
"I gave the real ones to the kidnapper".
Yes, yes, I suppose you are right.
So, I can't think who it could be?
Don't play cat and rat anymore, come on!
Who could have sold these fake diamonds for 100 million yen?
Only the owner of the Matsubara jewelry store.
You, Mr. Matsubara.
Come on, what nonsense!
It's true that I have sold diamonds
worth 100 million yen to the maid...
He decided to have the Suzuki bring the ransom money to him
for two reasons.
Firstly, because he knows that the tool is the apple of his eye....
and he would give his life to spare her a single scratch.
You knew that if the girl's life was at stake..,
the maid would do whatever you told her to do.
And there is still a second reason:
if you had made Mr. or Mrs. Saeki
the ransom money to you,
you would run the risk of them realizing right away
that the diamonds were fake.
He imagined that Suzuki, on the other hand, must never have seen such diamonds before,
must never have seen such large diamonds before,
and was unlikely to discover the deception.
After he sold her the fake diamonds,
he gave her very precise instructions.
He was to put them in this bottle
and then throw it into the river.
If anyone were to discover that the diamonds were fake,
you would become the prime suspect.
It seems that Suzuki didn't notice it
because she was too upset,
but this bottle weighs far less than any other.
If she had hidden the diamonds in a regular bottle,
it would have been unlikely anyone would have found it by now,
but if she used this bottle, it would be virtually impossible.
It's not just any bottle.
It's just like the ones they use on TV and in the movies.
It is not made of glass, but of sugar.
A sugar bottle would have to be in the water
or it would have shattered into a thousand pieces when it hit a rock.
The fake diamonds would have ended up at the bottom of the river
and no one would have found them.
And you would have earned 100 million yen
which you could have spent as you wished.
After all, it is money that you have obtained...
thanks to a completely legal sale and purchase.
He-he!
It was very clever.
Normally, when there is a kidnapping and the kidnapper asks for a ransom,
the money is usually delivered at the end.
You, on the other hand, have collected the ransom right under the noses of the police,
on the sly and much sooner than they thought.
But what about the evidence?
You have no evidence to prove it!
What do you mean?
The proof is this bottle.
Glass sugar bottles have a limited use and, besides, they cannot be kept for a long time,
they can't be kept for long,
so they have to be manufactured one by one.
This means that if you can trace the bottle back to its source, you're sure to get its name eventually,
it is certain that its name will come out in the end.
Also, since your initial approach?
was to sink the fake diamonds into the river,
he should touch them without gloves and we'll find his fingerprints.
Aaaah!
Very well, then!
If I break the bottle, it will no longer serve as pro...!
(snoring)
Ouch...
(Police: siren)
Guaita, they're coming.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo

Tatta ichido no kimi and no use.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
Atxum!
Hey, what's wrong with you, boy?
Did you catch a cold?
Yes...
I have chills and my whole body aches.
Yes?
Well, have something warm to drink, you feel?
Yes, I will.
Hey, come to think of it, Ran told me that this morning,
when she was about to start the washing machine,
a fish came out of one of your pants pockets.
And now it occurs to me that... You didn't go swimming in the river, did you, brat?
No, of course you haven't.
No, and now!
Even though you're small, I imagine you're not so unconscious...
to go in the water when it's so cold.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi, thinking) "Well, that's exactly what I did..."
Atxum!
-Ah, help me!
- (baby) AHU, Ahu!
The incense burner!
The family's most valuable treasure!
- (all) Oh!
-It will be the thief.
"If you want the incense burner, prepare 10 million yen.
Tomorrow I will contact you."
But you'll pay me, for that.
Sooner or later you'll get what you deserve, you'll see.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Mystery of the Tottori Dunes (Kurayosi Park)".

