La Ran and I have accompanied in Kogoro in Tottori Prefecture.
Yes.
Good, here we are!
And what have we come to do, Tottori, by the way?
That's right.
Do you... want to know?
Hahaha!
Hahaha!
Oh...
We have come to abandon you to the dunes.
Aaaah!
Watch out, Conan!
Hahahaha!
Aaah!
I've entered a very important mystery novel contest.
I've written a fantastic story and I think it won the first prize.
It's the story of a boy who is kidnapped by some men,
they tie him up and leave him on this dune to die of thirst.
And when the kidnappers leave, the nano, who is very smart,
manages to free himself and survive.
I don't know what's gotten into you lately?
What is this obsession with writing a novel?
Surely?
The story that doesn't make much sense.
Because here I'm sure someone would see me and come to my rescue.
See?
Eh?
This place is always crowded with tourists.
Gee, kid.
Well, let's leave it and go sightseeing.
First of all, we'll go to the Arena Museum.
Aaaaah!
Iaaah!
Did you hurt yourself, father?
"We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"The explanation of the mysterious robbery drips like Tottori sand."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The Mystery of the Tottori Dunes (Part of Kurayoshi)"
(Woman) I don't want to calm down!
This is a scam.
There's just a pile of sand here.
How dare they make you pay to see this?
-Why do you say so, that it's a scam?
-I'll file a complaint.
The sculptures we have on display here are works of art.
Oh!
This is a waste of time and money.
Oh!
It's getting late!
Is the clock running well?
Yes, of course it's right.
Five past one.
It's one o'clock.
Well then, the clock's on the hour.
And who asked you anything, you moustachioed moron?
It comes out of the middle!
Aah!
How strong!
What's it about, this one?
The numbered one that just mounted has neither feet nor head.
So much stress can't be good in any way.
Come on.
And he said it was a scam.
They do real wonders with the sand.
They say that they expose them for a whole year
and then they take them apart and make new ones.
Don't you think that's a shame?
That they are ephemeral I think is what makes them so special.
I'm so excited I'm getting hungry and everything.
Eh?
Tottori is famous for pears and shallots.
-Crabs!
-But also, and most of all, for... -But most of all, for...
That's right.
And if I read it right,
there's a place they make called Kanikkokan.
Hmm...
I'm going to be a thief.
Ep.... But it says here that this is a....
So the crabs are just for looking at.
This looks like it.
Hehehe!
Listen, wouldn't you like to go to Kurayoshi City?
The guidebook says the train ride takes half an hour.
It's all arranged.
They will store our luggage here, we don't have to suffer.
Further up there is an area where there are buildings from the Edo and Meiji eras.
It is a very well preserved city, isn't it?
(Mermaid)
Eh?
Katsuhiko!
Mr. Mouri!
We worked on a joint investigation years ago.
When you worked for the Metropolitan Police in Tokyo?
You helped us a lot.
We'll always be grateful to you.
He's the famous detective.
Is that so?
Inspector Yamane always speaks highly of you.
And how about everything?
Go ahead.
All right, then.
We got word from headquarters that there's been a robbery.
Oh!
Eh? (doorbell rings)
(Doorbell rings)
No one answers.
(Doorbell) Listen... Can we come in the house with you?
Of course we can.
(Child: cries)
(Boy: cries)
-What happened?
-Ah... Help me.
I'm inspector Yamane, from the police.
We received a call, was it you?
I'm Shuk Kumada.
I'm married to the eldest son.

Did you see the thief?
No, I'm sorry.
He left me stunned.
And after he tied her up, he must have run away.
Thank you for coming.
Oh! Oh, the incense burner!
The incense burner!
The family's most valuable treasure!
The incense burner?
What do you mean, the incense burner?
They have stolen it.
And they won't forgive me for that.
Calm down, please.
And tell us everything well.
Well... Here on the floor there is a kind of pendant.
(Man) I don't believe it!
You're not even capable of guarding the house properly!
(Man) I'm so sorry.
-Hm?
-Mr. Kumada...
Mr. Iwao Kumada is the head of the family.
He's a well-known private detective.
-Hm?
-I'm Kogoro Mouri.
I come with my daughter and her friend.
We were passing by.
Hm.
Excuse me, I haven't introduced you to my family yet.
My eldest daughter, the Makie.
-That went without saying.
-She's divorced and now I live here.
He is in Soichi, the second.
He helps me in the business,
but I tell you now that I don't trust him at all.
But father...
And the little one, Junji.
He's a good-for-nothing who only knows how to loaf around.
Hahaha!
Yes, it's true.
I can't deny it.
So, with Shuk, Soichi's wife,
and Kazuma, the little one, there are 6 people living in the house, right?
Let's leave it be, that, now.
Why didn't you lock up?
I did lock up!
But then...
"Around one o'clock, after I put Kazuma to bed,
I went back to the living room and..."
Ah!
(Kazuma: cries)
Kazuma!
"When I regained consciousness, I was bound."
But I was able to call the police with my cell phone.
And then... you saw that they had taken the burner?
Yes.
And it looks like this incense burner is the only thing they took.
(Iwao) I think the thief came in with the idea of taking the burner.
But there is something a little strange.
This very valuable incense burner was in plain sight for everyone to see.
All the thief had to do was to go in and take it.
So there was no need for him to bind the Shuk, was there?
The more I think about it,
the stranger it seems to me that he bothered to tie her up.
Well, I have no idea why he did it.
And what does it matter why he tied her up?
You stay out of this, kid!
(He thinks) "Another grumpy old man."
Do you know who it might have been?
As far as we've been able to see, there's no indication...
that either the front or back door has been forced open.
Therefore, it's easy to assume that he got in with a copy of the key.
With a copy?
And, therefore, it must be someone who had access.
And the pendant we found under the sofa this morning,
when the Shuk did the cleaning, it wasn't there.
Therefore, it may have fallen to the thief.
Now I remembered something.
I think Naomi was wearing a very similar pendant yesterday,
when she came home.
-Yes, that's right.
-Naomi, you say?
-Well, now that you mention it...
-I saw it.
-And who is this Naomi?
-I remember her too. -She's called Naomi Senda.
She's called Naomi Senda.
She was our faithful maid until a couple of years ago.
Yesterday she showed up unexpectedly at my house to ask me for money.
She came from Tokyo.
But, evidently, her father said no.
What did you want her to do?
He stole enough money from us when he folded and left!
He stole money from you and left, then?
Yes, but I didn't report it because I was ashamed.
He must have taken the burner because you didn't leave him any money.
And I wouldn't be surprised, he's quite capable.
If he had already worked in the house...
It is very probable that he had a copy of the key.
And do you know where we can reach her, this woman?
I have her cell phone number.
Huh?
Uh?
She.... she's the...
Naomi Senda?
That her?
The asshole with the mustache.
Huh? (Chuckles)
He says the robber knocked him out around 1:00, right?
-Well, then, she didn't do it. -Yeah, I remember that well.
-Yes, I remember that well.
Because we didn't meet her at the Arena Museum at this time.
As I told you, I had nothing to do with it.
-I must have dropped it yesterday when I came here.
-And what about this pendant?
But this morning, when I cleaned up, it wasn't there.
Why are you deceiving us?
Please tell the truth!
Come on, confess it!
(Kogoro) Stop it!
Stop it, come on!

Let her go!
And I haven't told any lies.
Have you hurt her?
(Door: doorbell)
Tell me?
(Doorbell rings) What?
A package?
I'll be right out.
Don't worry, I'll go.
Soichi.
This is for you.
Confess it once and for all: you don't like me.
-That's not true.
-That's why you want to frame me now.
Thank you all so much for sticking together and pointing the finger at me.
But you'll pay for that.
Sooner or later you'll get what you deserve.
You'll see.
Hahaha!
Hahaha!
In the end... this woman will kill me.
Don't exaggerate so much.
If you had kept your mouth shut, nothing would have happened.
Haha!
Now is when it starts... the game begins.
Hey, Kogoro, what do you think of this Naomi Senda?
I think she's a very impulsive woman,
but she has a good alibi, it can't have been her.
Then why was her pendant there on the floor?
- (mobile)
-The pendant?
May I know why she charges?
Do not bother me anymore for unimportant issues.
Eh?
It seems that I have sent a message.
What was it?
"The Masked Shallot"?
-What?
-It's the thief.
(Iwao) "If you want to retrieve the incense burner,
prepare 10 million yen.
I'll contact you tomorrow." (Iwao)
-Yes, but it's not true.
-You said it's worth a million, didn't you?
Actually, it's only worth about 100,000 yen, at most.
The thing is, it's been the symbol of the Kumada house for generations.
That's why it's priceless.
Prepare 10 million for tomorrow morning.
-I'm starting to see it clearly now. -Yes, I understand.
-Yes, you understand.
That's why I'd really appreciate it if you could explain to me
what each of you were doing at the time of the robbery.
Why?
Are you suspicious of the members of this family?
We have just learned that the sentimental value of the burner
makes it ideal for a large ransom demand.
And the only ones on record are the family members.
But now, what puzzles me most is that pendant.
It is evident that the thief had the pendant
that Miss Naomi Senda lost yesterday,
and today he came in here, stole the burner and left it under the couch
to make believe that Naomi Senda had stolen it.
You'd do that for money, wouldn't you?
Look who's talking.
Have you already polished off the inheritance?
If you mean the money we can't have,
Soichi's just like us, isn't he?
-Ostras.
-And why would he do it, something like that?
I see that all three of you are in need of money.
Stop it!
Why should you stick your nose into our family's affairs?
It's just that I'd like to help my colleagues solve the case.
But gee, if you must be a nuisance...
Now you suspect me?
But how can you have such a rod!
Your circumstances are similar to those of your children.
It's all your fault for being such an idiot.
Because of you we are all suspects now.
You're going to bring shame on this house when you get married.
Enough of this!
The Shuk is the victim here.
Why are they telling her, all of it?
-Hm.
-Shut up right now!
-I'm going to make tea.
-I'm going to make tea.
Your role as a wife ended the day you gave birth to Kazuma,
the heir to the family.
It must be very hard, being treated like she's not family.
Yes, it is.
But I can't leave this house
because my father-in-law has decided to make my son Kazuma his heir.
I know he would never allow me to take the child.
And I couldn't live apart from Kazuma,
so I have to continue to live with the Kumada family and bite the bullet.
I understand, but it must be terrible.
It's obvious...
that all the family members have motives to steal the burner.
And the only thing I can do to help her is to find out who the thief is
and dispel all suspicions about you.
We will do that.
Thank you, Mr. Mouri.
Yes.
So you can confirm for us
that Mr. Iwao Kumada came to the temple yesterday around noon.
Yes, he came to visit the tomb of Satomi Tadayoshi;
He came to visit the tomb of Satomi Tadayoshi..,
the man on whom the play "The Chronicle of the 8 Dogs" is based.
Mr. Kumada is the sponsor
the events that take place during the annual festival
and we chatted while making tea.
"I reckon it was about half an hour long."
So, until half past twelve.

And then what did he do?
I think he said he was going to the Akagawara building.
So he came here at about half past one?
At about 1:30.
"He came to give us advice about our products."
"He wants to revitalize small businesses in the area."
So he has no alibi for the key hour, for one.
And, to top it off, his home is right here.
Makie Kumada is a friend of my older sister.
That's why she recognized her right away.
"She came into the garden at around 11 a.m.
and I understand she left at 3 o'clock in the afternoon."
So, as she said, she was still there at 1 p.m,
she was still in the botanical garden at one o'clock in the afternoon.
But she could also have left at some point
without anyone seeing her and returned later, couldn't she?
We can't rule it out.
And, as her youngest son said, in Junji,
before last night she slept at the Kaike Spa.
Yes, but we have yet to confirm...
where he went yesterday morning after leaving the spa.
He assured us that he was here
and that there were people who could corroborate.
(Male) Yes, it's the guy from yesterday, yes.
I'm sure.
It's him, yes.
Ah!
Let's see if you watch!
But when he passed by here it was 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
It happens to us as with the Makie.
(Kogoro) There is a time slot that fails in all alibis.
There is no one who has an alibi around one o'clock,
but I think they wouldn't have had material time
to get home and back to where they were.
The train from Yonago takes about half an hour to go to Kaike Spa
and the botanical garden to Kurayoshi.
Therefore, although we cannot rule out any suspects.
Neither can Mr. Kumada?
As an influential businessman,
he made visits to places that are all close to his home.
Therefore, in practice, he would have been able to commit the theft of the burner.
Now we are only missing in Soichi, the husband of the Shuk.
This is where you said you came from, right?
Yes, we met here by chance.
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
It was around one o'clock.
How nice!
At least he has a solid alibi.
Yes, because it would be terrible if the thief was her husband.
Hey, what are you saying?
You're wrong, Tanaka.
Because yesterday at one o'clock you and I were eating noodles together.
How can it be that you don't remember
What a man!
It's just that Soichi asked me to do him a favor.
"(Soichi) There is a private detective who suspects me,
but even though I'm innocent, I don't have an alibi."
"You have to help me. Please."
Why don't you call at once, this thief?
It seems to me he won't make a move for the time being.
He knows that the police would arrest him at the time of the exchange,
and he also knows that they have the help of a great detective.
This means he still thinks the thief is one of us, right?
One of you has asked for help in order to have an alibi.
And, on top of that, you don't remember anything that can help us a little!
-What the hell are you doing?
-Oh, he's back.
Ah.
Nothing.
(TV: woman) "We have detected, the body of Dr. Yasunobu Kotani,
"who died in a car accident in South Africa at the beginning of the month,
has been repatriated to Japan today."
"Dr. Kotani was from Tottori Prefecture
and left a few years ago in South Africa..."
Ah, he's that famous doctor who did volunteer work in Africa.
Well, they just said that he was from Tottori.
Did you know him, by any chance?
Did you know him, by any chance?
We were in high school together.
What do we care about that now?
Enough talk.
-I'm in Kumada.
- (phone)
Hello, this is Naomi.
May I speak to the Shuk for a moment, please?
This is the Shuk.
Now you'll know what happens if you try to frame others unfairly.
I intend to make you suffer.
"Hahahaha!"
I don't get it.
Why do you do this to yourself, this?
Look, if you want, I can offer you protection.
Huh?
You don't have to.
I don't think it'll do anything to me, Naomi.
Well, if you don't think it's necessary, I won't insist.
Maybe this woman is connected to the case, right?
But we know she has an alibi.
Yeah, I know that.
But it all seemed so forced to me.
Oh!
This is a waste of time and money.
Oh! (Laughs)

It's getting late!
Is it going well, the watch?
Well, now that you mention it...
Hm.
(Kogoro) It's a coincidence.
(Shuk) In the morning, when I woke up, I found it at the entrance.
Well, they have returned it.
(Shuk) "What's going on here?"
"Why the thief has returned it without taking the money?"
"It's becoming more and more clear to me
that this is not a simple case of robbery."
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
So, the conclusion is... that the thief is one of you.
Well, the family burner is back.
Now we don't care who took it.
Why did he come back to you, the burner, the thief, this morning?
"Wait a minute. So this theft...? What if it turns out...?"
What?
That he's meeting with Naomi Senda?
No way.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Mystery of the Tottori Dunes (Part of Tottori) '."

