"La Ran, Kogoro and I have gone to Tottori.
and came across a case of robbery."
"The thief knocks unconscious the young woman of a wealthy family in the city
and takes away a very valuable incense burner."
"The family's former maid, one Naomi Senda,
seems the prime suspect, but she has a solid alibi."
"In Kogoro he comes to the conclusion
that the thief is one of the family members."
"But, oddly enough, the next day someone returns the incense burner."
"We solve mysteries with sharp deductions."
"Love and cases have the same origin."
"A robbery with too many loose ends."
"In the city of dunes, who is the culprit?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai
ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
Kimi wa mada utagau koto Naku.
Tomodachi to yobeta Hibi sugoshi ima mo Zutter.
Namida afure tomaranakute.
Ushinau koto dake wo oshiete yuku tsumori.
Sukoshi demo tsutaetakute itamu kokoro ga.
Donna Keiko shite mo Yappari mayou no yo.
Kono yo de Anata no ay wo tiene ni ireru mono.
Odorus Raito mitsumete wasurenai ahh Nazo ga tokete yuku.
"The mystery of the Tottori dunes (part of Tottori)."
This thief... he crapped his pants.
He must have imagined
that the police would be alert because of the value of the stolen object,
but he also had to trust that the blackmail would work out.
and that the family would do their best to pay.
But something happened that she hadn't anticipated:
that the great detective Kogoro Mouri would suddenly appear on the scene.
Eh?
He saw that he had no chance of getting away with it
and, before he risked being found out...
in possession of the incense burner,
he decided he'd better go back today.
But the only people who know that I've been involved in the case
are the members of the Kumada family;
therefore, the conclusion is... that the thief is one of you!
So you got scared of the detective and turned it around, eh, Makie?
-It could also have been Soichi....
-You mean it wasn't you?
How should I say it!
It wasn't me.
Enough talk.
Well..., the family burner is back.
Now we don't care who took it away.
Yes, we do.
I beg to differ, but the theft has taken place.
Why did the burner come back to you, the thief, this morning?
Eh?
I just said it: he got scared.
He came to the conclusion that it was the best solution.
Maybe it was easier to get rid of him...
than going back to the family, wasn't it?
Yes, it's true.
I guess he had a guilty conscience.
How are we going to find out who it was now?
I think it was someone in the family, too.
We should start by checking the alibis.
La Ran, the nano and I already went over it yesterday
and from the start we didn't discover anything.
Whoever doesn't have an alibi is the thief, that's for sure.
It's just a matter of time.
"I'll let Kogoro and the cops.
"investigate the family members
and I'll focus on someone else."
Can someone give us some kind of information
about Miss Naomi Senda?
-Mm?
-What do you want to know?
It seems to me that she's hiding something.
She's a mysterious woman, I don't know who she's related to.
She once told me that her parents had been dead for years.
I remember she said she had an uncle.
She did?
Yes, now that you mention it, yes.
And that he worked at the Peral Memorial Center.
Maybe he's still there.
I'm sure that woman's hiding something.
Her alibi looked like a setup, didn't it?
Yeah, I think so, too.
But I don't quite understand why she went to see the Iwao Kumada
the day before the robbery.
Ah.
I think I see it now.
To ask him for money, right?
This gigantic tree is the biggest pear tree in all of Japan.
Excuse me, Mr. Adachi...
Besides, it turns out...
But it's not...
Come to talk about Naomi, I know that.
From what I understand, my niece owes money to many people.
That's why she asked Mr. Kumada.
But he made it clear to us that he hadn't left.
What did you want me to do?

He stole enough money from us when he folded and left.
That's true.
But maybe he had some other way
to get what he needed.
Maybe he knew some secret about one of the Kumada family members.
(Mobile)
Yes, tell me?
(Cell phone ringing) Okay.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me, guys.
I'm wanted for an urgent matter.
Go well.
If you knew something, you'd tell us, wouldn't you?
What? It's very important.
It's very important.
Speak, please.
I got very angry with her because...
she was sticking her nose into the affairs of the family she worked for.
When I explain it to you, you'll cross yourself.
She's been seeing a man in secret.
And she looks like a decent girl at first glance, doesn't she?
Well, she's not.
This was a few years ago, before she left work.
She was always going her own way!
He said the information would be useful to him!
He probably wanted to use it to blackmail her, didn't he?
Maybe so, but I don't believe it, this, from the Shuk.
Believe it or not, she was secretly seeing a man,
and Naomi caught them in the act.
Knowing how she is, he must have threatened to explain everything....
and the Shuk had no choice but to pay for keeping her quiet.
But I doubt very much that the Shuk
could freely dispose of a lot of money, in that house.
Of course, that would explain everything!
I just found out why the Shuk was tied up.
What do you mean?
What's your point?
I don't understand you.
All 4 have alibis, then?
Around one o'clock, which is when the robbery took place,
there are several witnesses who claim
Mr. Iwao, the father, the Makie, the eldest daughter;
Makie, the eldest daughter;
Soichi, the eldest son and husband of the Shuk...
and also the youngest son, Junji.
So, all 4 are innocent.
"The family members are the only ones who have a key to the house.
"And the only ones who could find the pendant
that had fallen under the sofa at Naomi Senda the day before."
"Wait a minute."
"So this robbery...? What if it turns out...?"
You think so too, Father?
Yes, I've come to the same conclusion as this little boy.
But I would say... that all of it, right now, is just a theory.
Yes, at the moment we have no proof.
I think we need to investigate further the key to this case,
which is the fact that the robbery took place at one o'clock in the afternoon.
At the Kumadas' house, you say?
Yes, it was 12 o'clock, more or less, when I went there for the first time.
But there was no one there.
That's why I left them a note in the mailbox
with my contact phone number written down.
After a while they called me back
and I was able to make the delivery without any further problem.
Yes.
Can I go now?
I apologize for keeping you.
The truth is that I found it a bit strange,
the Shuk rushing out to get the package.
Tell me?
What is it?
A package?
-Don't worry, I'm coming.
-Come out at once.
She left right away because she didn't want anyone to know
that the delivery man had already gone before.
Because she should have been at home.
She didn't want them to know
that the delivery man hadn't been able to deliver at 12 o'clock.
Exactly, because at that time it's very likely...
...that the Shuk was already tied up.
It's all your doing, then?
It all started two years ago,
when Naomi Senda saw
how the Shuk was secretly meeting an unknown man in the dunes.
And Naomi started to blackmail the Shuk
in exchange for her silence.
The Shuk was to pay her back however he could,
but she had no access to the family's money.
And that could not last forever.
And that's why they had to decide
to steal the incense burner between them
and sell it to pocket the money.
"At a time when no one from the family was at home, the Shuk hid the object in the house,
the Shuk hid the object somewhere."
"Afterwards, he let Naomi in through the back door."
"The Naomi tied her hands and feet....
and then left the pendant under the sofa."
"Next, she broke the vase....
and agreed that she would say that the thief had attacked her around 1:00."
Finally, the Naomi set up her alibi at the agreed time.
This is a waste of time and money.
Oh!
It's getting late!
Is the clock ticking?
Sorry, Kazuma.
It'll be over soon.

Then, when it was time, the Shuk called the police.
So, he left her tied up...
because he wanted everyone to think that a burglar had broken into the house.
The most important thing about this fictitious robbery was
that no one would discover that they were in cahoots.
Therefore, they left the pendant so they could start an argument.
And they made sure that everyone would see that they hated each other and no one would suspect anything.
But, in fact, they had agreed on everything.
We have them now.
One question, that's why:
How is it that the Shuk has decided to return the burner?
Eh?
Probably because she's afraid of me, I'm tired of repeating it.
But why did she come back so quickly?
It's clear that she needed the money, right?
To keep Naomi quiet.
Besides, the first day...
Look, if you want, I can offer you protection.
You can offer protection, huh?
That's not necessary.
I don't think it'll do anything to me, Naomi.
If you wanted to make it clear to everyone that you hated each other...
The logical thing to do would have been to accept protection..,
because there's no telling what an enemy might do to you.
Let's not give it any more thought.
Let's interrogate her and clear everything up once and for all.
(Kogoro) What?
That she's meeting with Naomi Senda?
Yes.
She left a moment ago.
Naomi just called me to tell me that she wants to see me.
I saw that she was still angry because of all the commotion yesterday.
and I'd like to go and apologize to her.
Go if you want to.
Don't worry, Soichi and I are already watching Kazuma.
The Naomi Senda has told you to meet?
Yes, and lucky he was able to go.
If the burner hadn't appeared,
the father wouldn't have let him off so easily.
Wow, what a woman!
Since things didn't work out the way she wanted, she's come up with another plan.
No way!
If things were like that, I don't think the Shuk...
would have told the family that she was going to see Naomi.
Do you know where she went?
She said she was going to the Uradome coast.
All right, let's go then.
Let's go then.
"On the coast?"
Where are you going?
What happened to him, in the Shuk?
"Sure, I get it!"
"We have to go immediately. Something very serious is about to happen."
Come on, hurry up, give me the money.
No, we go up a little more.
How, this, ladies?
From the top of the cliff there's a lot of height.
A fall would be fatal.
Why don't we change scenery?
We go back in the dunes of Tottori two years ago,
which is where it all started, the origin of the fictitious theft of the burner.
-That's enough.
-But what does it say?
A fictitious theft?
Stop it, Naomi.
I've figured it all out.
You can stop with the comedy.
It was her.
She planned the whole thing.
Even if she did,
who was it that blackmailed her and forced her to do it?
Now that we've found out, can you tell us what else you wanted to force her to do?
-Aaaaah!
Aaaaah...
-I don't understand what you mean.
Father!
Here we go again.
Gee, I don't know what's wrong with me now.
(Kogoro voice) That's what I thought.
The Shuk has made a call
to tell him that he already had the 10 million
and that, if he wanted it, he had to come here.
(Kogoro voice) That's right.
It was the Shuk who took the initiative to come here,
to get Naomi to come all the way to the cliff,
in order to fulfill her real objective.
I see that you know what my intentions were, then.
Now what are you talking about?
What do you mean, her "real objective"?
Please, father...
We know... that a couple of years ago you secretly met a man.
Can you tell us why?
That's why Naomi started blackmailing you, isn't it?
Actually, my husband is a very good person.
He is the eldest son of a very important and well-known family.
He fell in love with me at first sight and we got married.
My parents were very happy and proud.
But when I became part of the family, I immediately saw that I had made a big mistake,
I immediately saw that I had made a big mistake.
I was considering divorce and everything.
But then one day I got a call from Yasunobu Kotani,
who had been a high school classmate of mine.
You mean that doctor who died recently?
From what I understand he died earlier this month in South Africa.
(Male) I have decided to go to South Africa.
You will make your dream come true.
Why don't you come with me, Shuk?
I fully understand that the circumstances are complicated,
but I have never stopped thinking about you.

If you had told me before, maybe I would have considered it.
But now I am pregnant.
When I found out, when the doctor confirmed it,
I decided to throw myself fully into my child.
I decided... to give up everything and focus on being a mother, period.
I hear you.
I will pray from a distance that you will have the child you deserve.
Thank you.
Please take care of yourself, Kotani.
He's a very handsome man, you must admit.
Isn't he?
If I tell your father-in-law, he'll throw you out of the house without a care.
And now... you're pregnant, you can't gamble.
Naomi knew perfectly well that, if he found out,
my father-in-law would do anything to take my child from me.
And that's why she started blackmailing him,
knowing that she couldn't bear to be separated from her little boy.
But it must have been harder and harder for him to come up with the money.
Besides, paying her silence could only be a temporary solution.
What he wanted, in reality, is... to shut her up for good.
Are you sure, what the Shuk wanted was...?
Oh, wow.
So you wanted to kill me?
No way!
It was the only solution.
But there was a trigger that made her make up her mind.
And it was when he saw on the news that Dr. Kotani was dead.
(TV: woman) "The body of Dr. Yasunobu Kotani,
"who died in a car accident in South Africa..."
The man I saw in the dunes was Kotani.
You were looking at a doctor...
When his identity became public,
I got very nervous, I didn't want to be found out.
And that's when he decided to kill her.
And so that you wouldn't be linked to her death,
you planned the theft of the burner.
What's that got to do with it?
What does that have to do with it?
Actually, I didn't have much trouble convincing Naomi.
I told her that I would steal the incense burner
and that I would claim a large amount of money from the Kumadas.
And that they could keep all of it
but on the condition that she would never bother me again.
She told me that even if the police were watching the house,
when she saw that her father-in-law had the money ready,
she would manage to take it from them at night.
And you believed her and went to Tottori to carry out their plan.
to carry out the plan they had in mind.
It was necessary for you to have a very solid alibi.
By the way, they put on a great performance.
Why are you deceiving us?
Please tell the truth.
-Stop it.
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Let go of me.
-Confess it.
But you'll pay for it, for all of it.
Sooner or later you'll get what you deserve.
You'll see.
In the end this woman will kill me.
She must have thought it was part of the set-up
to make it look to everyone that they hated each other deeply.
-But he was wrong from the middle to the middle.
-Because that's what we agreed.
The Shuk's objective, in reality,
was to make her come all the way to the coast of Uradome
with the excuse of giving her the ransom money.
Run, hurry, give me the money.
Don't you feel me?
Woman-me.
After fulfilling the objective, the intention of the Shuk was...
I apologized again and again,
but she didn't want to forgive me in any way.
And, all of a sudden, she tried to throw me out.
I resisted as best I could
and, without knowing how, she fell... off the cliff.
The other day she commented that I would be able to kill her.
She seemed... a violent woman.
It all fits.
In a case like this we'd be talking about self-defense.
You're not guilty of anything.
Really, it's a clear-cut case.
There's no need for you to suffer.
Your idea was to explain that Naomi had tried to kill you...
and that you had defended yourself as best you could.
The robbery, in reality,
was just a set-up to get to this point.
You're going to come up with this whole plan to make me come to Tottori just to kill me?
Now, in order to follow the plan all the way to the end,
I had to be able to come here alone,
but after the theft of the incense burner,
I knew that Mr. Kumada...
would not have given her permission to leave the house under any circumstances.
And so she decided to return the burner.
Now it is understandable that she refused to wear protection.
Because if she was always accompanied,
she wouldn't have been able to move freely.
But in the end, everything I did was of no use...
because Mr. Mouri found out everything.
That's it.
Listen, father...
We can't talk about attempted murder, though.

But this woman wanted to kill me, you heard that!
But she didn't do it.
She had planned it, but she didn't lay a finger on him.
But the facts... are what they are.
Eh?
And I am responsible.
What we can't erase is the theft.
The reality is that I am guilty
of having stolen the family's most valuable jewel.
I am expelled from the family.
And I will surely be separated from Kazuma.
There is no right.
I can't do anything here,
family matters are not my business.
-(Soichi) Huh?
- (Soichi) You have me!
I'll cut all ties with my family.
My brother Junji can keep all the properties, if he wants.
In Kazuma, you and I...
will start a new life together away from my father.
But Soichi...
I know I don't tell you much,
but I want you to know that I love you very much.
("Kimi and no use", Valshe)

Ato dore Kurai Kono mama de ii?
Kizukanai furi wo shita.
Itsuki kowarete shimau mono nara
sore mo Hitotsu no kekka tono.
Boku wa boku no mama irareru Darou ka
kimi dake ga INAI Sekai de.
Ima kara uso wo tsuku yo
Tatta ichido no kimi y no uso.
Matte inaku té ii yo,
kokoro ni mo nai
yasashiku mo nai wakatteru no ni!
-Anda.
-Hey, don't catch me, I sit?
Shuko!
I'll wait for you.
And I'll take care of Kazuma.
Thank you. Thank you.
Nice, isn't it?
Mr. Mouri, you're my reference.
It's been a great honor.
Father!
Don't you feel that they say to you?
"What must you feel, this one, now!"
(snores)
Aah!
If I'm not mistaken, on the other side...
There is... the sea, right?
Father!
Kogoro!
It can't be!
What's this?
-Yes, of course, I'm sure.
-But are you sure, Genta?
When I come here to buy my eel bento,
I've met this man many times
and he always buys a big portion of seaweed bento.
That's him.
It's this man.
-We're going to eat eel?
-Aaaah!
-L'incendiari!
In Conan Edogawa..., a detective.
Who are you?
"Don't miss the next episode:
The playground arsonist."

