"In his show, the famous ventriloquist Riichi Tengan....
"He depicts the story of a ventriloquist.
"Possessed by his artistic partner, the dummy..,
who pushes him to murder his wife with a blow to the head."
"Mr. Tengan lives the same situation in real life:
"He suffers from dissociative personality disorder,
"known as multiple personality disorder,
and believes that his doll is flying the possessor."
"That's why he asks Kogoro to keep an eye on him
to prevent him from killing his wife."
"In Kogoro refuses,
and the next day, the woman turns up dead just like in the show."
"But soon Mr. Tengan is cleared of all suspicion."
"The police want to arrest in Haruomi Togawa.
"the ventriloquist's manager and pupil,
"who had an illicit relationship with the victim,
as a suspect in the murder."
"Although... I doubt very much that anyone...
"Who would want to foist the crime on Mr. Tengan
would ask Kogoro for help, precisely."
"The sentiment we have always carried in our hearts
has made us take flight towards the twentieth anniversary."
"Who's in charge, the ventriloquist or the dummy?"
"Here's the plunger in the case."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The ventriloquist's number (part two)."
How many times do I have to repeat?
I respect you very much, Mr. Tengan, you know?
It would never occur to me to commit a crime like this...
much less try to incriminate him.
Never in my life, Inspector!
So, what does this represent?
Didn't you use it...
to make Mr. Tengan believe that he was suffering from a personality disorder...
and that he had lost his mind for good?
Yes... I acknowledge that this device is mine.
In fact, I used it to practice ventriloquism.
But it suddenly disappeared and I had been looking for it for days.
I can't believe that it was installed in Mr. Tengan's house.
And now you will tell me
that, of these glasses splattered with blood of the victim,
that we found hidden inside his bag,
you don't know anything either?
Of course, I don't know anything.
As it turns out... I also lost them a few days ago.
I have no idea how they ended up inside my bag.
You must believe me!
I see there's nothing to be done... and that's a shame.
I had hoped that, for your sake,
you'd admit the crime before the arrest warrant came through, Mr. Togawa.
Hey, what do you want me to do?
If I tell you I didn't do it, I just didn't do it!
What?
From Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) Hello, Takagi, it's me.
Look, I'd like to check something, just in case.
Gee, Father, what a scandal... You must be catching cold.
Conan!
What are you doing here?
Where's Mr. Mouri?
He must have excused himself.
He told me he had to investigate another case
and that I should come myself to check it out.
Could you open the door for me right away, please?
Yes, right away.
Yes, right away.
"It's clear to me now. This is what didn't add up for me from the beginning."
Hey, what's up?
What are you looking at, Conan?
Let's see, this photograph is taken in the living room, right?
I mean, in the room where the crime was committed.
Huh?
Man... I'd say you're right.
Why do you ask?
When the suspect, Mr. Togawa entered the apartment...
and found Mrs. Tengan's dead body on the sofa,
he used his key to open the door, right?
That's right.
He came in like every day to pick up Mr. Tengan to go to work,

rang the doorbell and, as there was no answer,
he entered using his password.
"And the body was found in the living room."
"He went to wake up Mr. Tengan,
who was asleep in his room, and called the emergency phone."
"He later contacted Kogoro for help."
At least, that's his version of events.
But, since he has a copy of the key,
we can't rule out the possibility that he entered the house in the wee hours of the morning,
taking advantage of the fact that Mr. Tengan always takes sleeping pills...
and does not wake up easily.
It is also possible that he opened the door to the victim himself,
considering that the two of them had been lovers.
And, once the crime has been committed, we cannot know if he has stayed here?
or if he left and then came back first thing in the morning.
The trophy he used as a murder weapon..,
he must have taken it here.
But I don't think that's where it normally was.
Check it out.
Oh, isn't it?
The powder mark doesn't match the trophy.
That's true.
And apparently, this place was occupied by that fat trophy.
Let's check it out.
Let's see...
There is a perfect match!
That's how it appears in that photo in the foyer.
I have another favor to ask.
Please, you should ask me for some information, Takagi.
Is that so?
Ah, yes.
Yes, very good.
Okay, then.
I asked to ask the suspect, Mr. Togawa.
He says that this trophy, specifically, was won by Mr. Tengan...
in a very prestigious international competition.
He also says that he always has it on display in front of everything,
because he's very proud of it.
"So why did he put it in the back,
and put it in front of the other trophy, which is the murder weapon?
He has also been asked from where in the house?
He called the emergency phone number and Mr. Mouri.
Well, the calls...
I made them... from the foyer, I think.
I wanted to prevent Mr. Tengan from saying that it seemed to me...
that his wife had been murdered by him.
Eh?
The bag?
I don't know, I don't know.
I was very nervous, I.
I don't know where I put it, really.
I guess I just left it in the living room
and then I went to make the two calls.
Hey, can you tell me what this is here?
What's what?
What's this?
Forensics have determined
that it's a thread from a pair of gloves.
It looks like the killer...
What gloves?
wore gloves so as not to leave any trace on the trophy.
That's why when they analyzed it
they only found Mr. Tengan's fingerprints.
Ah...
From this comment, I deduce that they have already found these gloves.
Not yet.
They haven't turned up in his house or around the building.
They think... he must have dumped them somewhere, but we don't know where.
"How strange..."
"No one has wiped the blood spatter off the glasses,
and it's obvious that someone has taken them and hidden them."
"How can it be that he wore gloves and instead forgot about it?"
If you're not missing anything else, Conan,
I should get going to the police station, it's getting late.
Have we confirmed everything Mr. Mouri wanted?
Yes.
Thank you very much for everything, Takagi.
I have to go too, Mr. Mouri is waiting for me.
Good bye.
Hey, hey, hey!
Ouch, ouch, ouch!
"I don't understand. It's obvious that he's the murderer."
"This I know for sure."
"But I have yet to clarify the most important thing of all."
"And, until I do not clarify it..."
"Mm? This was recorded this afternoon."
"I wanted to say that I'm very sorry
for all the commotion I've caused around me."
"I want to apologize wholeheartedly to my audience
and all the people who work on my team."
"I really didn't mean to cause this upheaval."
"Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! There's no need for you to apologize, partner."
"You are the victim of an extramarital affair,
and you are the widower of the woman who has been murdered."
"That's it! Now I've got it!"
"I've finally cleared up the most important thing of all."
"You have deceived Kogoro.....
or, rather, he's managed to fool everyone."
Sorry, buddy... to keep you waiting.
(Dummy voice) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Everything went as planned, eh, mate?
If you invite me, I want to toast too.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What are you looking for under the table, mate?
Maybe you expect to find the player and speakers?
Don't strain yourself, you won't find anything...
Unfortunately for you, the police have already taken everything.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Shut up!
Shut up!
(Dummy voice) Of course I'll shut up, buddy....
If you don't want to talk, I can't say anything either, you know that.
-Shut up!
- (dummy: histrionic laughter)
You and I are the same person.
I am you, and you are me, there's no difference....
But you know that, don't you, buddy?
Shut up, shut up... Shut up!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No... it can't be... Don't tell me it's true that...
I'm losing my mind!
Aaaah... This is impossible!
(Kogoro voice) He's right.
It is impossible.
You don't have any mental problems,
nor have you had any trouble planning your wife's murder.
Well... Mr. Mouri?
Or maybe... I should call you Sleeping Kogoro?
So you have hidden a player
and a loudspeaker somewhere on stage.
What do you want to prove, with this farce, that I have killed my wife?
Au, don't talk nonsense, please.
I have to rehearse for my performance tomorrow.
I'm busy.
I hope... you have a reasonable explanation, Mr. Mouri.
As you asked me to do,
I have withdrawn the application
of the arrest warrant against Mr. Togawa.
Because, as you already know,
I will have to give a convincing justification in court.
I am fully aware of this, Inspector.
I will now explain the truth of this case,
according to my findings.
How do you have the bar to say
that you did not murder her in Togawa, my wife?
It was him, who tried to make me believe that he had a disorder!
It is not true.
What happened is that you had planned it that way.
First, to make everyone suspect you.
Then, to have the great detective Kogoro Mouri rule you out as a suspect.
And finally, to pin the murder on Mr. Togawa.
A very well thought-out plan.
What's that?
Are you serious?
See if he had it all planned out,
that he changed his usual act to the show I came to see
and staged your wife's murder to trick me, didn't you?
Don't... don't tell me he... he's the murderer?
Yes.
Who strategically installed the player and speakers on the floor,
which he had previously stolen from Mr. Togawa,
and who told his student to go to his apartment to practice,
to see how he was progressing, was you.
Because then Mr. Togawa would have no alibi.
Having said that..., I would like to explain how you committed the crime,
and under what circumstances you carried it out.
"The trophy that killed your wife
"was usually placed behind another one
that you were particularly fond of."
"But, before committing the crime,
you put the trophy you didn't want to spoil..."
behind the one he used.
If the murderer had been Mr. Togawa,
this change would have made no sense, because, to him,
any trophy would have served him, to commit the crime.
That's why he did it.
Because, like you, everyone thought...
that I had been the author of the murder.
-Don't deny it.
-But don't you realize it or what?!
As I already told you, it wouldn't have been necessary for him to do this.
On the trophy there were only his fingerprints.
So that his intention was to first suspect you.
That's why he took the murder weapon with his bare hands.
And he even confessed to me that you had murdered her,
your wife.
He went to so much trouble to make it so clear,
I found it suspicious.
No... it's true, this...
Once he had already committed the crime, he put on some gloves,
took Mr. Togawa's glasses
that he had previously stolen from him
and then stained them as if they were a blood splatter.
It is evident... that his intention was to hide them to the bag
that Mr. Togawa usually carries.
Today, while he was calling the emergency phone and then me,

asking me to come and help him, he put his gloves back on,
he went to get the glasses that he had kept and that he had previously
that he had previously stained with blood,
and hid them in a double bottom of his bag.
It was probably then
when that thread of the gloves got stuck between the branch and the frame
between the branch and the frame of the glasses.
So the facts were as you say?
In addition, you made it appear that he had a multiple personality disorder
and you made us believe that your dummy had ordered you to do it.
I admit that I killed my wife.
I was pushed by
this person inside me that I can't control.
Because of him I killed my wife.
(Dummy voice) Listen, you, I wanted to give you an alibi....
But before I had already left the player
and the speakers ready for me to find them.
A small speaker?
Here's another one!
That's how he got everyone to suspect Mr. Togawa,
and left the glasses for the police to find.
The whole thing is absurd.
What evidence do you have to prove it?
Actually, the evidence is the gloves.
Yes.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Gloves?
I'm talking about the gloves that we suspect Mr. Tengan put on
to handle the blood-spattered goggles
left on Mr. Togawa's bag.
And what Mr. Tengan did next
was... hide this pair of gloves well.
But where?
I suppose... the most likely place is the same room where it was found.
That is, the living room of your apartment, where the crime was committed.
Oh, is that so?
Have they found them, these gloves?
No.
The police searched the room thoroughly, but did not find them.
The information is correct, Mr. Mouri.
Of course they haven't found them.
And it's basically because they don't exist, these gloves.
Are you sure about that?
I think we'll have to ask this question to your partner.
Hey, buddy, you know where he's hidden them, don't you?
(Dummy voice) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Dummy voice) Easy, buddy, you don't need to worry.
I'm not going to tell them that I have the gloves they are looking for... Ouch!
Eh?
Well, I think that's enough of this comedy.
Inspector Takagi.
It's the gloves.
They were hidden in here.
And what's more, they're stained... with blood.
That's impossible!
I threw them away myself, the gloves!
Oh!
I knew that.
Evidently, these are fakes.
These are fakes?
The pair of genuine gloves has been destroyed by Mr. Tengan
so he's in the clear.
He would also have been better off destroying the dummy, if he wanted to eliminate evidence.
Of course, since they have been stage partners for so long,
and with the international tour he had planned and all,
I imagine it hasn't even crossed your mind to get rid of the dummy.
No... I wouldn't be able to.
I know.
He must know something.
When he left the dummy here before
and went to talk to your employees,
we took the liberty of examining it thoroughly.
Inside the doll, we were able to recover traces of fibers....
that match 100% with the one that was attached to the glasses.
And we also found traces of blood that belonged to the victim.
Curiously, in the fiber there were traces of sweat from another person....
from which we extracted the DNA.
Surely it must be from the person who was wearing the gloves.
And if necessary, we will apply for a court order...
to compel you to provide us with saliva or hair samples.
Then we can check if the DNA is a match or not.
I don't think there'll be any of that.
I won that international contest
which was my life's dream.
Later, I found out that my wife and my student were seeing each other on the sly.
My pride never allowed me to forgive them.
Mr. Mouri, how did you manage to discover my plan?
It was very simple.
In fact, the dummy told me everything.
In other words, with the gloves tucked inside,
your dummy's expression changed and one of his eyes closed.
(Dummy voice) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
This is what usually happens when someone dares to disobey me.
You are now my... forever.
Who will be the next person to let me possess her?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

You don't need to ask for forgiveness, partner.
You are the victim of an extramarital affair,
and you are the widower of the woman who has been murdered.
It could be said that the dummy himself... or, rather, you and the dummy,
have been telling the truth from the very first moment,
you just had to be a little attentive to what they were saying.
So that you and he have always told the truth.
Why should I do it?
That woman is doing the jump with your pupil, partner.
React!
I recognize that I have killed my wife.
Because of you I killed my wife.
Then she used what she called her dummy
to try to commit the perfect crime.
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Aaaaaaaah...
Geez, what happened?
I know I've come... up to here,
and then I don't remember anything at all.
Inspector, where did you go?
Where are they, this evidence you were supposed to show?
You know?
This time I was on the verge of arresting the wrong person.
I was lucky to have you, Mr. Mouri.
Come on, lucky you recognize it.
I wonder what you'd do without me, eh?
What I had no idea
was that you had ventriloquist skills.
"So ventriloquist, eh?"
The voice of the dummy we heard a moment ago was you doing it, I guess.
So that the player and the speaker we still have them to the station
and I don't think it's likely that you brought others to the theater.
Of course it was me...
Ventriloquism, for me, is just another skill,
like when I talk in my sleep and I don't remember anything.
"You got it right this time, Kogoro."
First of all, look at this picture, please.
(Kogoro) What is this?
(Heiji) It's a scythe.
It's an animal carrying a scythe.
A Kamaitachi?
(Kogoro) What?
Heiji.
(Heiji) What happened?
What's wrong, Father?
You're both bleeding.
Wow, he's got a cut on his face!
"Who did it?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Kamaitachi Inn (part one)."

