(Phone: Heiji) "So, you don't have anything, right now?"
"You're not working on any super-interesting cases
that makes the blood run cold?"
(Shinichi voice) Well, no.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Actually, there is something."
"But we don't have much information yet."
"It's about in Rom, a member of the Men in Black."
"But I just can't wrap it up for you, Heiji."
Mm?
(Phone: Heiji) "Shinichi..."
Yes...
"Do you feel me or what?"
"You mean that after confessing your feelings
to the girl at the detective agency, you haven't lost insight?"
You've lost the instinct to sniff out clues and culprits.
The antenna you always had down.
What do you say, man!
"So, you've got something, right?"
If I had something, I wouldn't be calling you right now.
What?
"I'm sure you do have something."
It's obvious you called me because we helped you with the love thing.
"Hey, what do you think you're doing?"
(Phone: man) "That's what I should be asking you, you son of a bitch!"
"It's mine. I won't let you touch my Kazuha!"
(Shinichi voice) "The feeling that we have always carried in our hearts
Has caused us to take flight toward the twentieth anniversary.
"In Heiji and I witnessed a series of stabbing assaults."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and is Detective Conan."
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The Kamaitachi Inn (Part One)."
You're right.
This kudzu tea has a lot of ginger in it and it's really good.
Yes, I told you that already.
And it warms you up inside.
I read in a magazine
that the kudzu infusion here was extraordinary.
Mm... Yes, it is.
But what do you want, Heiji?
Kudzu has many properties, and it's also good for hangovers.
Enough of that color!
Because I guess you haven't brought the great detective
all the way to that ass-end of the world in the Nagano Mountains
just to make him drink that strange stuff, did you?!
No, of course I didn't.
Well... well, yes.
You have a case, don't you, Heiji?
First of all, take a look at this picture, please.
What is this, mm?
A person?
No, it's an animal.
It looks very strange.
Look closely...
and also look at what's on its back.
It's a scythe.
It is an animal carrying a scythe.
A demon that suddenly appears on top of swirling whirlpools
and cuts people with his scythe.
-What?
-It can only be a Kamaitachi, right?
Are you sure, Heiji?
A Kamaitachi?!
Because I thought the Kamaitachi
had scythes in their hands instead of claws.
Isn't this a person carrying a scythe?
- (all) Mm?
-But take a good look at his feet.
It has water splashes on it, doesn't it?
In the background you can see the outside thermal pool, I don't know if you've noticed.
But the photograph that the journalist published in the magazine
is this one here.
Compare them, but no matter how you look at it,
it makes exactly the effect that this thing is running on top of the water.
Mm...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Gee, he's right!"
They could have put transparent plates on the raft
because it would look like the animal was running on top of the water.
And from the surface of the water partly like a mist,
like when you go to the Shirahone hot springs.
And this allows you to do all kinds of photographic tricks.
This image has not been altered.
The photograph is made with analog film,
which are very difficult to manipulate.
And a specialist has analyzed it, so there is no trickery.
I-and you have published this image in a magazine article?
My name is Daigo Nakama, I am a journalist for the monthly magazine "Izuna".

Today I came to this mountain inn
because I would like to take a picture of the Kamaitachi.
-And since it's getting colder every day....
-Oh, right.
Is there any relation between the cold and the Kamaitachi?
Man, there are many legends about this being...
and its appearances in snowy mountain areas.
And as I have seen that there is snow forecast tonight....,
I thought about the possibility that he might show up here.
Ah!
Don't worry, I'm going home!
I'm going home!
Even if in the end he shows up at the hostel,
we can neutralize it between the two of us:
I do aikido and you do karate.
How do you want to neutralize him if he has a sharp scythe and is super fast?
No need to worry.
We won't go out!
To begin with, there is no such thing as Kamaitachi.
And he's had no choice but to come all the way out here
because of a lot of complaints the magazine has received
telling them not to publish false news.
In addition, to this image of the alleged Kamaitachi....
has been joined by photos from the other tabloid weekly published by your company.
published by your company.
They were pictures of half-naked people
on the open-air bathing raft here.
This Kamaitachi stuff basically makes you laugh.
And what brought you here, then?
I work for a rival company that also publishes different magazines,
and I found it necessary to come and report
about your fake encounter with a Kamaitachi.
I won't let you put on a show to mislead people
and go proclaiming to the four winds that Kamaitachi exist.
(Child) They do exist!
I saw one a long time ago.
It was running on the water of the raft.
Did it really exist?
Yes, and I immediately started to chase the current.
But I couldn't go over the water.
It was as if the Kamaitachi had cast a spell on me.
I couldn't move, and I thought I was drowning in the raft.
When I woke up I was in the hallway of the hostel, soaking wet.
Kohei...!
Caram.
-Hello, mother.
-What are you doing here?
Have you finished decorating the room or what?
Tomorrow your friends are coming to celebrate your birthday.
-Go on, go then.
Don't waste any more time.
-Yes, I'll decorate it right away.
Yes!
Hey, what are all these cuts on your hands?
-He-hey!
It's nothing.
Did something happen to you?
It's just that I've had to work for two since my husband died.
...you've known each other before?
Eh?
So you two...
Yeah, yeah, we did.
We were classmates in high school.
I'm sorry I published that picture of the Kamaitachi in my magazine.
-No, no, on the contrary.
-It didn't bring you any trouble, did it?
We've had more customers than ever.
But far fewer people go to the hot spring outside;
they're afraid.
We don't talk about the Kamaitachi anymore.
I don't like it, it doesn't solve anything for us.
Why do you say that?
Even though we have had more guests thanks to this strange being,
this is only a temporary thing.
It is no solution to our serious economic problems.
He-he-he-he-he!
- (all) Mm?
The only way to bring in more customers would be to do as we said.
Can't you find it, Takami?
I already told you there was no way I was going to do that!
I'm sure when the anticipation for Kamaitachi passes,
fewer people will come and we'll go back into the red,
you will rethink.
But it is also true that if this so-called Kamaitachi
were to kill someone in this area, things would change a lot.
He-he-he-he-he!
(Kogoro) The... the Nyotaimori?
The old man wants me to do this thing
place sashimi on a naked woman's body,
as if it were a table, for the customers to help themselves?
Yes... He says that way we'd have twice as many guests.
Gee, I've never seen that, this, in real life.
Only in movies.
If they were known to do it, they could be denounced for public scandal.
Don't suffer, I'm sure he's just kidding.
When I got married and came to live here,
we put this hostel together with my parents' hostel,
which was next door, and we were doing quite well.
But since my husband died, less and less people come to us,
and right now we can't make ends meet.
No matter how bad the business is, don't do Nyotaimori.
And why don't you sell something?
Like antique vases or whatever.
Well, look, now that you say it,

for years there has been a scythe in the warehouse
that a famous blacksmith made
from a famous foreign mowing scythe?
And couldn't they give some good money?
Hey, and it is very big, this scythe, what do you say?
Well, it will be about 60 centimeters, at least.
The wooden part where the handle is, I think it is as tall as I am.
But then it could be... the one in the magazine photo!
Yes, the one with the Kamaitachi on her back.
And where is this warehouse you say, if I may ask?
Next to the hot spring.
-Of course.
Can you take us there, please?
Did you see?
It's starting to get interesting, huh?
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
Go on, pass me the audio file you gave me earlier.
Mm?
(Conan voice) I won't give it to you.
Heiji, hurry up!
Come on, what are you waiting for, Conan?
Yes!
Yes, I'm coming!
(Takami) It must be over there, let's see if I can find it...
Maybe in this box.
No, it's not here.
Gee, no, this warehouse is full of dust.
You can't start smoking in a place like this.
-Don't worry, I've got this.
-It can start a fire.
Hey, Takami, do you want us to help you look for it?
-Yes, that way we'll make more track.
-Yeah.
Ah!
Fuck!
Mm?
Oh, man.
Yeah, that's right!
Oh, man!
It's snowing!
...is when it appears... the Kamaitachi.
But... when it snows...
-What's wrong with you now?
- (both) Aaaah!
Didn't he say he'd wait for him outside, you guys?
(both) Oh!
Hey, look, Takami, is this it?
Yes, yes, exactly.
It's the scythe I was talking about.
-And it's worth money, that.
-Renoi, it does look old, yes.
My husband always said it must be worth 10 million yen.
The bulb has exploded!
What happened?
What happened?
-Ah!
-Ah!
What happened, father?
What's wrong, father?
Heiji!
Something's cut my arm.
Me too, on my hand.
Yes, he's right!
You're both bleeding.
Ep, this is the reporter!
Aaaah!
-Hey, are you okay?
-But where is she?
Did something happen to her?
Geez, she has a cut on her face!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Who did it?"
Aaaah!
"The Kamaitachi?"
(Heiji) Hey, Kazuha...
(Heiji) -Yes.
-Have you called the police yet?
They told me not to worry, they'd be here soon.
I don't know if they'll believe us,
when we tell them what we think a Kamaitachi attacked you.
Whether they believe us or not, there are three people injured,
and this is an indisputable reality.
Don't worry, we will get through this.
This is Nagano, and the Nagano prefectural police will come.
That's right, Inspector Kansuke Yamato!
That's right.
I'm sure that smart and handsome one-eyed inspector
will solve this Kamaitachi case in no time.
I'm sure he will!
It'll be a blast.
(Shinichi, think) "One-eyed... Gee, now that I think about it....
"Ay told me that the most outstanding feature of en Rom,
the number two of the Men in Black, was..."
When I was part of the organization, I felt rumors about en Rom,
and also some descriptions.
A tall, burly man..., an effeminate boy..., an elderly gentleman....
It is also said that he lost an eye in an accident.
And, therefore, one of the two eyes is made of glass.
(Shinichi, think) "Inspector Yamato has only one eye,
and he's also tall and stout."
"If he let his hair down, he'd have long hair."
"And, he kind of uses a crutch,
from a distance he might look like a big man."
"Gee, what if it turns out that Inspector Yamato is...?"
The police are already here and they want to talk to you.
Tatan!
I'm Inspector Yamamura from the Gunma Prefectural Police.
I'm here to solve the mystery at hand.
But... right now... you mean we're not in Nagano Prefecture?
The inn is located on the border with Nagano, but it belongs to Gunma.
Therefore, it falls under our jurisdiction.
What a disappointment!
This means Inspector Yamato won't be coming.
Yes, I also thought we could meet at Yui.
Aw, it's no big deal!
These cases are my specialty.
The case of the burning dog.
The case of the water spirit.

And a very difficult case, that of the vampire.
I'm going to help solve all these cases from behind the scenes,
in the shadows.
If the culprit is a Kamaitachi,
it's time for Yamamura, the demon hunter, to take action!
But of course, in this age we live in,
when people want to go sightseeing in space on orbital stations,
the Kamaitachi can't exist in any way.
(Shinichi, thinks) "These arguments are very familiar to me."
And now, if you would be so kind as to show me the warehouse....
where this Kamaitachi supposedly attacked you....
He-he-he!
Because I'm sure it has some other explanation.
(Heiji, thinks) "This guy makes me hysterical!"
(Yamamura) Let me get this straight....
They've all come to this warehouse to look for the ancient scythe.
Then this light bulb suddenly exploded
and someone has cut Mr. Mouri on the outside of his right hand....,
you have made the cut on the left arm...
and, finally, our reporter, Miss Midori Koyanagi,
has been cut on her face, more specifically on her left cheek.
-A question.
-Yes.
Was anyone holding a sharp object in their hand at the time?
Yes, I was holding the antique scythe that we had just found in a box.
The light bulb exploded so we found it, and it was in his hand.
Well, I have no doubt that the cuts were made by you.
Yes or no, yes or no?
You moved the scythe in the dark and this happened.
You idiot!
Then we would have ended up with more serious wounds.
Shouldn't you start by checking the scythe blade for blood?
It's a basic, elementary question.
Oh, so much.
We'll check for sure, that's for sure.
But I'd be interested to know if there was anyone near the bulb
who had a better chance of chatting easily.
Ha!
Maybe so, but the truth is that I haven't seen anyone.
Ah...
There was no one near the light bulb.
We were all standing on the threshold of the door, at the entrance of the warehouse.
We were concentrating on looking at the scythe that we had just found
until we heard the sound of the bulb breaking.
Ah...
And this bulb is the only one in the warehouse?
No.
There is another one over there, near the entrance.
But when we arrived and I tried to turn it on, it didn't light up.
And now that I think about it... the warehouse wasn't locked, was it?
No, it wasn't.
The door is old, it's many years old, and it's half broken.
And nothing of value has been stored here, just junk;
it wasn't necessary to keep it locked.
But you said before that the scythe could be worth 10 million yen.
I said that, yes, because that's what my man always said.
On the other hand, my father-in-law says it's worth nothing, that we could throw it away.
Not long ago, a thief broke into the warehouse...
and I thought I'd put up a new door and he'd lock it,
but my father-in-law said no, there was no need to,
that we shouldn't spend the money, we're in bad enough trouble as it is.
And can you explain to us what this thief stole, you say?
Nothing, just four old things.
I didn't even bother to report it.
Well!
This is the scythe they're talking about, right?
It would be ideal for use by one of these mysterious beings, wouldn't it?
But don't suffer, because I, in Yamamura, the demon hunter,
will stop him in time and he won't be able to do anything to you.
(Shinichi, think) "He doesn't touch much, this one."
(Kohei) What!?
A Kamaitachi has appeared!?
(Kohei) -Oh, don't say that, son.
-What luck!
I wanted to see it too.
He thinks he's hurt some people.
But when I was about to drown in the hot spring,
what saved me was him, I'm sure,
and I'd really like to see him and thank him for that.
By the way, have you finished decorating the room?
No, it's true, not yet.
But I can't do it by myself, you could help me.
I'm sorry, Kohei, but I have a lot of work right now and I can't help you.
Hey, how about if we come and help you?
I know a lot about decorating, and I love it.
-Thank you very much, girls.
-Will you help me?
And now!
You're welcome.
-Yes. -Yes.
-Let's go, then?
So what, Kohei?
How old are you?

Do you want to tell me?
What?
8, already?
Wow!
8.
Come to think of it, it's true that every year you had a big party...
to celebrate the boy's birthday.
I always saw the pictures we posted on the hostel's website.
Yes, because my husband loved the celebrations.
During the birthday party,
after the survival games that my husband organized,
everyone would shoot water guns at each other and get soaked!
What, Shinichi?
What do you think about this mysterious case?
(Shinichi voice) I'm sure that one of the people present here
made the cuts to the others taking advantage of the darkness.
But then they checked the items we had on our person
and there was no one carrying anything suspicious.
-... a glass like the ones in the light bulb.
-The weapon was...
I still don't know how the assailant managed to talk to the bulb.
But there is no doubt about it...
is that he already had in his pocket a glass like the one in the bulb, right?
Yes..., and after making the cuts to the victims,
he threw it on the ground so that it would be confused
with the pieces of the broken bulb.
(Yamamura) So after several checks...
and applying the reaction of luminol on the scythe...,
we can affirm... that there is no trace of blood on it.
I am not the least bit surprised.
And have you checked all the pieces of glass from the broken bulb?
Yes, of course, and we haven't found anything strange or suspicious.
(Conan voice) What?
Are you sure there were no traces of blood?
You mean?
Are you sure you have checked well?
Absolutely sure!
We have collected all the shards of glass
and we have been placing them until we have the whole bulb again,
and none of them had blood on them.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Then how...?"
(Heiji, thinks) "It can't be!"
In fact, the only strange things we've found on the warehouse floor
Were a cigarette butt and a piece of chewing gum.
I think an old light bulb actually exploded on its own,
and the fragments shot out in various directions...
and hit the victims.
Then we should have felt the pain at the moment of explosion.
Instead, there was an interval between one thing and another.
- (girls) Aaaah!
- (light bulb: explodes)
It's... it's the girls, isn't it?
And didn't you hear a noise, before the scream?
Yeah, like something cracking and popping.
Are they all right?
What happened? What happened?
The light bulb exploded, just like in the warehouse!
And the balloons we had hung up have all exploded too.
The inn is haunted!
There's something weird going on here.
(Man) Aaaah!
Isn't this voice that of that old man, your father-in-law?
Yes, yes, I think it is.
Maybe the Kamaitachi attacked him?
Do you know where your father-in-law is right now?
It's probably in the annex, which is where the scream came from.
Hey, isn't there a shortcut to get there first?
Yes, it would be faster to the hot springs outside.
No way.
There is water, you can't cross it.
It's just that this year we haven't emptied it yet to clean it.
Is this where your father-in-law lives?
In this building on the other side of the pond?
- (Yamamura) Look!
(Yamamura) -Yes.
The door is moving, it's not closed properly.
It's the Kamaitachi, can't you see?
It has crossed the water riding on the wind, I'm convinced!
It is impossible.
There are no transparent plates above the water.
Isn't there any other way to get there?
The main building and the annex are connected by a corridor,
but it's under renovation.
It's the longest way, but if we go out of the building...
and re-enter through the back...
So we take this way, come on.
This here in front is the annex.
If you notice, there are only our footprints.
(Shinichi's voice) We can be sure that no one has passed this way.
(Takami) Mr. Ohno!
-You see some light.
-Has anything happened to you?
Yes, now.
What... what's wrong?
It's not working.
(Heiji) What's happened to the paper door?
(Conan voice) It's torn.
They've cut it with something.
(Heiji) What?
It can't be!
(Women) Aaaah!
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite

Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
How come there are traces of blood on the top of the tear?
The killer has prepared it to look like he was attacked by a Kamaitachi.
The murder suspect is a Kamaitachi.
Don't talk nonsense.
This was done with some kind of trick.
And it was done by a real person.
(Heiji, thinks) "Sure! He's done it like this."
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's why, before, she..."
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Kamaitachi Inn (Part Two)".

