"In Kogoro, Ran and I have gone to an inn....
"In the Nagano Mountains at the behest of Heiji Hattori,
who wanted to involve us in a case."
"In the inn's storehouse there has been a mysterious incident
"from which they came out with cuts on their skin.
"Kogoro, in Heiji and a reporter...
who had joined our group at the last minute, Midori Koyanagi."
(Man: screams in pain)
"And then..."
Mr. Ohno!
(Girls: squeal)
"The feeling that we have always carried in our hearts
Has made us take flight towards the twentieth anniversary."
"A Kamaitachi that runs over water?"
"In Conan and in Heiji the unmasked."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan."
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The Kamaitachi Inn (part two)"
Mr. Ohno!
Don't let anyone into the room!
-Mr. Ohno!
He is obviously dead.
Although there are no symptoms of "rigor mortis" yet.
Therefore, I deduce that he was murdered not even 30 minutes ago.
But what is this scythe doing here?
The police technicians were not looking at it?
Before, when they analyzed it, it did not react to luminol,
that is to say, it was found that there was no blood on it.
Therefore, I thought it was not related to the case,
I left it in the warehouse and sent the technicians back to the lab.
Yes, you understand.
So the killer was able to take the scythe whenever he wanted.
But, even so, there is something very strange.
The paper door was ripped open
with the same scythe with which the murder was committed, right?
Well, yes, I would say so.
I'm sure it was.
Then how come there are traces of blood on the top of the tear?
Well, it must be the victim's blood, right?
Yeah, but... if there's blood on the paper door...
it means the killer scythed through the victim's body
before tearing the sliding door.
And then he tore the paper
and scythed it a second time?
- (Kogoro) It's a set-up.
-Well... now that you mention it...
The murderer set it all up
because it looks like the victim was attacked by a Kamaitachi.
But then... preventing the light from being turned on
was also part of the set-up?
When we arrived,
the light switch in this annex hasn't worked.
And there's a strange mark in the snow, where the killer must have entered.
-Come on.
-A strange mark?
This must be where the killer must have entered.
You see that there's this strange trail?
Yes, I can't explain it.
What could it be?
The tracks from the porch to the fence are mine,
but... next to it there's this strange shallow semicircular groove.
You mean that the mark wasn't made by the killer walking backwards
while erasing his footprints with the scythe?
Yes, Mr. Mouri, that's obvious,
but the problem is what's on the other side of this fence.
On the other side of the fence?
Don't tell me there's...
The... the thermal pool.
And the funny thing is that the semicircular track only goes this far.
This means that in order to commit the crime...
...the murderer has passed through here,
he has crossed the hot springs raft
on top of the wind, like a Kamaitachi.
No.
It can't be possible.
It can't be.
It is the Kamaitachi!
It does exist, the Kamaitachi!
Don't talk nonsense.
This has been done with some kind of trick.
And it was made by a real person.
A Kamaitachi?
Is it true, Heiji?
A Kamaitachi did it, Heiji?
Where did... did this come from?
Inspector Yamamura passed by a moment ago.
And he said it in front of everyone.
Therefore, the murder suspect is a Kamaitachi.

No, it's someone pretending to be a Kamaitachi.
So it wasn't a Kamaitachi,
that damaged the decoration we put up in the child's room?
It's just that suddenly the fluorescent bulb exploded
and then all the balloons we had put up exploded.
Eh?
Airsoft pellets.
There are pellets from an airsoft gun on the ground here.
I seem to remember you explaining to us a while ago
that your husband sometimes played survival games.
Yes.
And where does he keep it, his airsoft gun?
My husband's belongings, except for valuables, in storage.
Well, the killer must have taken it from there
and shot through the paper door.
One of the pieces of paper is loose, he made a hole here.
And you have to take into account that there were about 10 balloons
and they all popped practically at the same time.
And, besides, how do you get ahead, to do something like that in the dark?
It's not that difficult, if you're shooting, you'll hit them.
I don't think they blew up the balloons
with pellets from an airsoft gun.
Because on the ground I only found 3 pellets.
(Flow) What, Shinichi?
What's the matter?
What's that smell?
(Shinichi voice) Don't you feel a smell?
Watch that it doesn't cut you.
On the ground there will still be pieces of glass from the fluorescent.
(Shinichi voice) "Oops. I'm running out of battery for the clock lamp."
(Heiji) "I'll have to use the cell phone flashlight."
(Heiji) "I won't let you touch my Kazuha."
-No, it didn't say "Kazuha."
(Heiji) -What?
What were you saying, about me?
It said "es-casu"... "chance."
What a coincidence to smell that smell now,
because yesterday I heard it in a restaurant.
Excuse me, excuse me.
What are you doing, man?
It's strange, because I would say...
it's not the smell of food from a restaurant,
but rather of the bathroom cleaner, and also of rainwater.
Yes, that's true.
I find it makes this smell too.
And yet the window wasn't open.
I can't explain it.
But we had, in any case...
there is no doubt that none of us here can be the murderer.
Because when the scream was heard, we were all gathered here.
But something puzzles me.
How did you know, that it was Mr. Ohno, who had made the scream?
I thought so.
And Mrs. Ohno confirmed it.
Didn't she?
You remember, don't you?
Yes, and I was sure because I had already felt it, the same scream.
Where was it?
And when was it?
When a television network recorded a report of the hostel,
at a time when we were offering a massage service
on vital points of the feet.
But it turned out that the guests were not very happy,
to be filmed by the cameras,
and my father-in-law had no choice
but to let them do the massage himself.
The scream he made was very similar to the one he is making now.
Don't you have it recorded, this program you say, by any chance?
Yes.
We have it recorded and you can come and see it in my office, if you want.
-Okay.
-Let's go, then.
For safety's sake, everyone else stay together in one room.
Gee, I really wanted to talk to you about something,
but with all this hustle and bustle at the Kamaitachi, there's been no way.
Eh?
What did you want to explain to me?
The other day, in Heiji, at the Ebisu Bridge,
he saw me with a friend of mine and called him:
"I'm not going to let you touch my Kazuha. I'm going to kill you, you bastard!"
He really said this to a friend of yours?
I can't believe it!
Maybe I exaggerate, he didn't say these words to him,
but yes, more or less, yes.
And what happened?
How did he justify what he said?
Well, he threw away the truth.
I don't know, maybe in Heiji... Oh, I'm not sure.
How do you think he feels about you?
Do you think he might think of me as some kind of assistant to him?
What?
Yeah, like what they always say in samurai movies:
"Woe betide you touching my sidekick. I'll kill you, you bastard."
Kazuha.
I'm pretty sure Heiji doesn't think of you as a helper.
"Gee, this massage must be forceful, eh? And effective."
"Yes, it is."
Why yes, that's exactly the same cry.
Have any guests complained about your father-in-law?

No, he was always very hospitable to everyone and treated them very well.
Everybody liked him, they were very fond of him.
He treated the guests very well, and the others?
He was very strict with me, and with the staff, too:
the waiters, the cooks, the cleaners?
Come to think of it, I was told that there was a head chef, years ago,
who fired her from one day to the next without explanation.
And do you know the name of that head cook?
No, I'm sorry.
They told me when I got married and came to live here.
They told me she had a young daughter and was alone.
By the way, another thing.
These reporters we met today, are they regular customers?
Yes, Mrs. Koyanagi comes in from time to time,
but Mr. Nakama comes very often.
Come to think of it, it was about a year ago,
the day Kohei almost drowned in the hot spring,
the two of them were there too, what a coincidence.
That day was a real chaos.
It was also the first time we had ever been burglarized in the warehouse.
I had to take Kohei to the hospital
and the police came to take a statement from all of us.
I didn't have time to clean the raft, it was impossible.
Did you notice if these journalists did anything strange,
on the day you mentioned?
Well, I didn't notice anything special.
But the truth is that they did look a little different,
except for their outward appearance.
Mr. Nakama showed up with a goatee,
but without the mustache he always wore.
And Mrs. Koyanagi did not wear glasses.
Maybe... they felt the need to change their "look" a bit?
Yes, maybe that's why.
Gee, it keeps snowing out here.
-Ah, shit.
-No.
Time doesn't stand still.
It's been an hour and 28 minutes since the body was found.
We must solve this mystery as soon as possible
or the crime scene will change because of the snow.
But how do you know it so precisely, the time we found her?
It was dark.
Besides, it was already dark outside.
The hands and numbers on the clock are luminous
and so I can see the time in the dark.
"Sure. She made it that way."
"That's why, earlier, she..."
I don't know if this is the right time, but....
Would you like to have some kudzu tea?
(Kogoro) Oh, so much.
I'd like that very much.
(Yamamura) That'll warm us up.
(Shinichi's voice) So that's how it went...
Exactly, Shinichi.
...our Kamaitachi.
Now I... I see who it is...
(Kogoro) What?
Do you want to repeat the steps we've taken to find the grandfather?
(Heiji) Yes.
After hearing his shout, we all ran away...
and made it to the hot spring raft,
which could have been a good shortcut.
But we saw that we couldn't use it unless we went through the water,
so, to access the annex, we had to leave the hostel...
and re-enter through the back door.
Of course, we had checked beforehand...
that there were no transparent plates in the water.
Okay, so now we're going to go out of the inn and go into the annex from the back.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
What are you doing?
Are you staying here, Conan?
Mm-hm.
I don't feel like going all the way back to the annex, it's too much of a turn.
Wow.
And that's how we got into the annex:
through the back door of the inn.
The light switch in the hallway didn't work
and it was pitch black.
By the light of Conan's watch,
we noticed that the paper door was torn.
And when we entered the room we saw that the grandfather had been murdered
with the scythe that we had previously found in the warehouse.
The progression of what has been happening is correct, isn't it?
I'd say you haven't left anything out.
But I'd like to know where all this is leading us.
We've done all this to prove that there's been somebody
who was able to get here faster than going through the back door.
But how did you get here?
Easy: shortcut, through the hot spring pool.
Yes.
Eh?
The hot spring?
Hey, but I don't see that you're in the spring or that your clothes are soaked.
Don't tell me you've stripped off,
you've gone through the rabbit raft and then you've put your clothes back on.
No, no, and now!
I went through it dressed.

I have passed the raft over the water.
Can you really go through the current?
Mm-hm.
I'll prove it right now.
Hey, watch out.
-What? -What?
-What?
Unbelievable!
It went through the current above the water, as you said.
And that's it!
How can that be?
There must be some transparent plate or something inside the water.
Ah!
What the...?
Wow!
Ah!
Now you've seen that there is no plate or anything.
Yes, I could see that.
But the water is very viscous, isn't it?
-What?
-It's because of the kudzu.
-Yeah.
-The kudzu, you say?
The colloidal system of the kudzu mixed with the water
is in a state between liquid and solid.
This is a phenomenon known as dilatancy.
When a weak pressure is slowly applied to this mixture,
the result is a foamy liquid.
But if a strong pressure is applied all at once, the mixture solidifies,
the mixture solidifies
and we have a hard surface that can hold a person.
And I have a proof.
In Kohei he told us to chase the Kamaitachi,
he ran over the water, and he almost drowned.
It was because the water was in this state
and, as he had to tread on it with little force,
it must have turned into a kind of quicksand.
Yes, now I understand.
So the murderer has gone through as you have gone through.
Yes, and after killing the grandfather, he joined our group,
that we had gone all the way around to get to the annex room.
Isn't that right?
Isn't that right, Mrs. Midori Koyanagi?
And you went to the trouble of manipulating the switch in the annexe
and tearing the paper door for a good reason.
By distracting us with it and keeping us in the dark,
it was easier for her to go undetected
when she joined us.
How did she do it, to carry the powdered kudzu?
It must take a large quantity to make this mixture.
Do you remember that you explained to us what you stole from the warehouse?
I guess he must have taken it with him at the time.
But how did you plan to do it,
to remove all the mountain of powdered kudzu
that would be left in the water in the pond?
The water comes from a hot spring and is being renewed,
that is to say that the kudzu will be leaving.
So, who has destroyed...
the decoration of Kohei's birthday party is...
Mrs. Koyanagi.
Because if she hadn't provoked this incident in that area
and the police hadn't left the warehouse
to go see what was going on, the scythe could not have been taken away.
How did he do that because he had all the balloons that they had put up to decorate the room
that had been put up to decorate the child's room?
With a water pistol.
Do you remember?
In Kohei told us that his room
smelled like bathroom cleaner.
I imagine it was a smell of some citrus scent.
The killer must have put fruit juice in the water pistol
and fired it at the balloons.
And the rubber from the balloons melts with the acidic substance from the fruits.
And this water gun would be your husband's, too, wouldn't it, Mrs. Ohno?
Right it was the warehouse, too, with the other gun, the airsoft gun?
Yes.
Maybe you don't remember, but before Mr. Ohno was murdered,
when we were in the warehouse and the light bulb got hung up,
somebody gave me this cut on my cheek.
And I was nowhere near the bulb, at that time, everybody knows that.
I couldn't talk about it!
Let's see if they tell me how I was able to chat at a distance!
With the chewing gum.
Eh?
It has stuck a piece to the glass of the bulb, right?
He made it look like he was banging his head
and took the opportunity to stick it.
"But you can see that if something sticks to the old bulbs.
"And this causes temperature differences on the surface,
they break easily."
In addition, the culprit has taken advantage of
the light from the luminous clock in Heiji
and that of the tip of Kogoro's cigarette for reference
and to be able to make the cuts for both of them
in the almost absolute darkness of the interior of the garage.
But you were the only one who did not have anything that made light
and that could orient the aggressor.
-Very easy.
-How do you explain that I'm being assaulted?
-Oh!
-You made it yourself.
With a little piece of a razor blade
that I had stuck to the end of a false nail.
And to disguise the fact that I had blood on the nail,

has touched her cheek with her hand and has been able to deceive everyone.
Besides, you were the one who suggested...
to go to the warehouse to look for that scythe.
You put on the little show of the cuts
so that we would believe the Kamaitachi and alert the police.
Then he blew up the balloons
and the lamp of the child's room with the airsoft gun
and the water gun to get the police out of the warehouse.
"And then, when he had us all in front of the room,
he played the recording of the grandfather's scream."
"(Man: he screams in pain)"
-Yes.
-The recording, you say?
He had previously recorded the grandfather's scream,
when the TV station came,
with the cell phone or whatever, and programmed the playback.
And while we were going all the way around to enter from the back
to go in the annex,
she ran over the water and arrived much earlier.
Once in the annex, she went in, stuck the scythe into the grandfather and killed it.
"Then all she had to do was to tear the paper door
and manipulate the switch, and join us when we arrived."
And, as there was a police inspector among us,
it would be clear that it was impossible that she could have committed the crime.
Can you tell me if I've got anything wrong?
Look, it doesn't matter whether you were wrong or not,
the point is you have no proof of anything.
Now, don't you normally wear contact lenses, Mrs. Koyanagi?
The owner of the inn told us that you used to wear glasses.
On TV they said
that if you're not used to wearing false nails,
when you wear them for the first time,
it's very difficult to put them on-with contact lenses.
That's why he decided to wear glasses.
And this, in turn, also tells us something else:
That you don't usually wear false nails.
Therefore, you probably don't even have a spare set.
And that means that he must still have... traces...
of mine and Mr. Mouri's blood
from when he cut us at the warehouse.
But-but... why did he do it?
Why did he murder my father-in-law?
These cut hands...
My mother had them just the same.
So that her father-in-law's pig also treated her badly.
Then, that kitchen head...
that Mr. Ohno sent away a few years ago from one day to the next...
and in a bad way, and who had a little girl, was...
Yes, that woman was my mother.
My mother found other jobs much worse than the one she had here.
There was a rumor going around that she had been fired
and nobody wanted to hire her, no inn would take her.
She had to do horrendous jobs in order to feed me.
In the end, she died after only two years.
But do you know why she was sent away?
Because the son of the inn's owner, who was a close friend of my mother's, came to her with a proposal of marriage,
came to her with a marriage proposal.
She was the only daughter of the owners of the inn next door.
If they got married, they could merge the two hostels and make a bigger one.
Don't... don't tell me I'm the one who...
Well, yes, if you hadn't shown up,
my mother wouldn't have had to go through those ordeals
that led to her death.
She knows that you are also one of my targets.
What?
But when I saw your hands cracked like my mother's, I immediately changed my mind,
I immediately changed my mind.
Besides, I didn't want that poor little boy...
who almost drowned in the raft to be left without a mother like me.
So I deduce that it was you
who took the picture of the Kamaitachi and sent it to the magazine.
Yes.
And I also wanted to experiment
if I could run over the water with the kudzu mixture.
I thought that if word of the Kamaitachi spread,
they would stop bathing in the pool
and I would have an easier time riding everything.
But why Kamaitachi?
Because I associated it with chapped hands.
According to the legend, the Kamaitachi is a creature that lives in cold areas...
and carries scythes with which it makes cuts and wounds
and wounds the skin of its victims.
That is why the most superstitious people have traditionally made him responsible
for all kinds of injuries or wounds on the skin of unknown
of unknown origin or caused by the cold.
That's why there are many legends of Kamaitachi
in countries where it snows a lot.

I saw it on a TV show not long ago.
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
(Shinichi voice) I've deleted the audio of what you said on Ebisu Bridge,
as promised.
Thank you.
Yes, sir!
You've got to admit that you're a good nano.
Hey, Heiji.
The Kazuha told me about the bridge.
She says you told a boy:
"I won't let you touch my Kazuha."
Here we go again with this story?
I didn't say "my Kazuha", I said "my... little sister".
I said, "I'm not going to let you touch my little sister."
-What?
-Is that clear to you?
Because, after all, the Kazuha is like a little sister, for me.
-Yes, exactly, I said this.
-What did you say... "little sister"?
-What did you say?
-Heiji, you're an idiot!
Don't call me an idiot, huh?
Kazuha!
Idiot, more than idiot.
You're an idiot!
"Let's get this straight:
"Shinichi confessed his love to the Ran
in front of Big Ben in London.
"But I can't admit that I said something so important
the Ebisu Bridge in Osaka, such a vulgar place."
(Shinichi voice) By the way, what I haven't explained to you before, my friend,
is that the members of the Junior Detective League copied the audio
and they also have it.
And the Ai has even set it as an incoming ringtone.
Ringtone... incoming ringtone?!
"I won't let you touch my Kazuha!"
"I won't let you touch my Kazuha!"
"I won't let you touch my Kazuha!"
(Man) Soc Bishamonten.
It's the so-called pickaxe strategy, Ran.
"A... a one-eyed man."
I'm the god of war.
Didn't you know?
The excuse was that he had had no choice
but to shoot to defend himself.
"It could be... this man was..."
And I will destroy woodpeckers.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The darkness of the prefectural police (part one)."

