(Raven: crane)
Eh?
One moment, please wait.
I'm sorry, really, I apologize.
Think a little.
If they find out, you won't get away with it.
Your life will be over.
(Distorted voice) All men who long to die, live.
And those who long to live, die.
(gunshot)
Soc Bishamonten.
I am the god of war, and I will destroy woodpeckers.
"The feeling that we have always carried in our hearts
makes us take flight towards the twentieth anniversary."
"The sound of woodpeckers echoes across the ancient battlefield."
"And there, a case shakes the police force."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The darkness of the prefectural police (part one)."
And... where did you say you wanted to go?
(Kogoro) Man, since we've come all the way to Nagano,
we should go and see the place where Kenshin Uesugi
and Shingen Takeda in the battles of Kawanakajima.
Yes.
Caram.
I didn't know, that you liked history so much, father.
(Thinks) "Yeah, sure! What a face!"
Hm.
I'm a well of surprises.
"What happens is that the other day they made a samurai movie.
"in which Yoko Okino played the role of Princess Yu,
the lover of General Kansuke Takeda of the Takeda clan."
Nagano is also famous for its Shinshu noodles.
By the way, what was the name of that fighting strategy?
The one they always used in battle.
I think it's named after a bird.
Eh?
The beak.
It's called the beak strategy, Ran.
Inspector Yui!
Didn't they tell you why they call it that?
Well, it's seen that the first beak pecks one side of the tree
and then went to the other side to wait for the insects to come out.
Takeda's army did the same thing: it split in two.
And one part launched a night attack against Kenshin Uesugi's forces,
who had taken up position in the mountains.
And when they fled running down the mountain,
the other group attacked them from the opposite side.
And they say... that this famous strategy
Kansuke Yamamoto suggested it to Shingen Takeda.
-I don't know.
-Right, Kansuke?
I don't care, I don't care, about all this.
I think it was a disappointing tactic,
because Kenshin Uesugi saw it right away...
and ended up putting Shingen Takeda in a very compromising situation.
Why are you so heavy-handed?
I've already told you that I don't care about all this.
Is it because of some case?
By the way, what are you all doing here?
No, we are supervising the area...
and we decided to stop for a moment before returning.
Inspector Yamato told us that he had never been here before.
"Inspector Kansuke Yamato, Nagano Prefecture."
"One-eyed and strongly built. He has long hair and uses a cane."
"He's a person who fits quite well
"In the description given by Ay de en Rom,
number two of the Men in Black."
"It could be that this man is..."
Eh?
Hm.
What's the matter with you, man?
Is there something on my face, or what?
No, no, and now!
(Man) Wow, Kansuke!
What a surprise!
What are you doing here?
Don't tell me that now we're partying with your childhood friend,
the Uehara, during working hours?
What are you saying?
Of course we're not.
Mamoru, what are you guys doing here?
Well, it turns out we're on our way to the hideout of a thief...
who's wanted
and we've all decided to stop for a moment to honor Shingen.
We're not here to waste time, that's for sure.
I am not like the Aburakawa.
What a mania to call me Aburakawa!
My name is Akiyama.
How can I tell you?

Last year my parents divorced
and I took my mother's maiden name.
-Have you seen the squad leader?
-Okay, sorry.
The brigade chief?
You mean Shigeru?
That's right.
Because we were supposed to meet here.
But we've circled around and he's nowhere to be seen.
And there's no way he's picking up the phone.
Gee, where is he, this guy?
(Kansuke) He's old enough, maybe he's lost his way.
I'm sure he's waiting for you somewhere else.
(Kansuke) -Let's look some more.
-Yes, it could be.
-Just a moment.
-Come on, let's go.
If you see Shigeru, tell him something.
Even if the orders come from above,
I'll never go back to his brigade.
I'd rather die first!
Okay, don't worry, I'll tell him.
You'd be perfect, though, for our brigade.
It's a pity.
From what I see, something happened with Inspector Shigeru Takeda.
Yes, they've had their differences.
Changing the subject, if you go to the Kawanakajima battlefield,
would you like us to be your guide?
Yes, sure.
What?
Are you serious?
We still have a little time before we go to the meeting.
If we went back now, the only thing we could do while we're waiting...
is drink that awful coffee.
How disgusting!
The chief inspector told me he was doing better now.
Yes, but he told you what we had before.
So now he prefers to drink black tea.
(Kansuke) He looks like that and he's drinking tea?
(Yui) You are not the best person to criticize the appearance of others.
(Morofushi) Well, let's get going, come on.
(Yui) Let's start, come on.
This is where Kansuke Yamamoto is said to have died.
Kansuke's shrine.
This is Kansuke's tomb.
And well...
this is the Doai Bridge,
where they managed to fit Kansuke's head to the body.
-That's right.
-Will they be able to fit it in?
Kansuke's men managed to recover
several heads of the allied generals killed by the enemy on the battlefield.
but as they were covered in blood,
it was impossible to tell which one was Kansuke's.
But one of the chiefs matched perfectly with Kansuke's body,
who was still wearing the armor
which they had also found on the battlefield.
Wow, how sinister!
It happened here, on this bridge.
But this is more like a circuit to visit the landmarks...
of Kansuke Yamamoto's life, not the battlefield.
- (Morofushi) He just can't help himself.
(Morofushi) -Well, no, but...
Having had a childhood friend with a similar name,
in Kansuke Yamato, it's only natural for me to have an interest in this place.
Now, despite the similarity of the name,
I hope you don't die an absurd death
because of an unfounded strategy
and totally doomed to failure, as Kansuke Yamamoto did.
Although..., to tell you the truth,
it doesn't seem that failures affect you too much.
-Come on, come on, guys, don't fight.
-What are you talking about?
We don't have much time left.
Why don't we finish our visit to the Chikuma River?
That's fine.
Wow!
What a beautiful landscape!
Look at the river, what clear water!
It's hard to believe there was such a bloody battle here.
If I'm not mistaken, it seems to me that there was a poem about this river...
- (throat clears)
-How did it go?
"The bones of the dead lying in the water
evoke images of warriors to the red waters of the river".
(squawks)
What do you mean by this?
What?
The red waters of the river?
Actually, I'm not entirely sure if it refers to the Chikuma River,
but there are historians who claim
that on the battlefield of Kawanakajima
more than 8,000 men died.
Retsu Asai wrote this poem based on an ancient legend that says that the river
that the river that runs in front of the temple turned red with the blood of the fallen warriors.
with the blood of the fallen warriors.
And that it went down 3 days and 3 nights to give rest to their souls.
Since that battle, they are known by the name of Akagawa, or Red River,
and the temple of Akagawa, or temple of the Red River.
I think this is an exaggeration.
It is impossible for a river to turn red for 3 days and 3 nights.
- (loud splash)
-Huh?
Blood?
What's that?
It's a person's head.

Uehara, tell the scientists, run.
Understood.
What is it?
Is it a person's head?
Is it really?
Yes.
And, on top of that, it's someone we know.
Huh? (Laughs)
Is it?
It's from a member...
of the Nagano Prefectural Investigation Squad.
The chief inspector of the squad, Shigeru Takeda.
Oh!
But what about... what about the rest of the body?
I would say it's here.
But, unfortunately, it seems to have been burned and reduced to ashes.
We can't put the body together with the head,
like they did with General Kansuke Yamamoto in the 16th century.
(Mamoru) Is he the boss of Inspector Takeda?
-And why is that?
-But who could it be?
From the looks of the charred remains,
it's been burned for more than half a day.
But then, I don't understand why the head appeared...
just at the moment I was looking at the river from the bridge.
Well, it could be because the head was hanging from the railing of the bridge.
Look over there.
There's something hanging there that looks like a string.
The killer probably put the head and fake blood
in a plastic bag
and hung it up so that after a while the string would break
and the bag fell into the water.
He must have put a stone inside to sink it.
Because we heard a loud splashing noise.
I think that's what happened.
Oi, Kogoro?
Why did he use fake blood?
Yeah, sort of.
The real blood would have coagulated after a while
and wouldn't have been able to dye the river water.
But why did he go to so much trouble with this?
Probably to make it easier for someone to find it.
I saw it because I was looking at the river at the time,
but, without blood,
I might have thought it was a bag of garbage going downstream.
Excuse me, I examined a spot of blood on his forehead...
and, after applying luminol, I found a strange mark.
Are you sure?
Right off the bat, it looks like an X, doesn't it?
No, I don't think so, that it's an "X".
It looks more like a bird's footprint.
It's a woodpecker's footprint.
Huh?
Hm?
The beaks can be picked up on a wide variety of surfaces,
especially on the bark of trees, thanks to their legs,
which are shaped like an X.
Didn't you know?
"A... a one-eyed man with a strong build..."
Well, clearly there were people who hated it, in Takeda,
but I don't think we can be 100% sure
that these remains are those of her body.
This doubt will be resolved soon.
On the toe of the shoe, which has not completely burned,
we found the big toe of the right foot.
We will analyze it and compare the DNA.
That's great.
Notify me when you have the results.
Moving on,
Wasn't the Takeda squad supposed to carry out an arrest warrant
to the hideout of that thief who was wanted?
Yes, but we haven't been able to get in touch all morning,
and he didn't show up at the Hachiman temple where we had arranged to meet him.
In the end, we had no choice but to go by ourselves,
to the thief's hideout, but he seems to have seen us coming,
because we didn't find anyone.
After that we separated and started looking for Inspector Takeda.
And that's when we were informed that a body had been found.
Do you think that the inspector went to the thief's hideout before us
before we did and confronted him?
And then the thief killed him?
No, Shigeru would not take such a risk.
But, faced with the dilemma,
he would not hesitate to shoot to get rid of a possible assailant.
(Morofushi) What concerns me more is the beak mark on his forehead.
The priority now is to find out what it might mean.
It's possible that the killer used a whistle
to leave an X mark on his forehead.
It's like some kind of signature.
As usual, your deduction lacks subtlety.
It seems absurd, but what's the connection between Shigeru and a whistle?
-I can't think of anything.
-I can't.
-Huh?
-The Dick Clan. -The Dick Clan.
Eh?
When I was married to Torada,
one day my late husband told me something.
It was said that the Nagano Prefectural Police
there was a group known as the Piquette Clan.
I had never heard of it.
What kind of group was it?
I don't know for sure.

When I told her I had worked as a police inspector, she clammed up.
she clammed up.
But by the look on her face, what she was about to tell me was not good.
Understood.
Be that as it may, if the killer has burned the body under this bridge,
there must be someone who saw the fire, or at least the smoke.
Mamoru, Shinsuke, Shoji, ask the people you find around here.
Okay.
Kansuke, Morofushi and Uehara,
find out who might have motive to kill him.
-All right.
-Some old case, or whatever.
Stay alert.
If, as it says in Kansuke, the beak leg is some kind of signature,
it could be that the person responsible for Shingeru's death
has started a group of serial killings of police officers.
By the way, Detective Mouri.
I've heard a lot about you.
I'm sorry, but I have no choice but to ask you...
to momentarily join the Uehara group,
since you were one of the people who discovered the body.
Of course.
I would be honored.
Excuse me, Inspector Yui.
What is it, Conan?
Say.
If you don't mind, I'd like to ask you something later.
What is it?
You were unconscious in a hospital for almost 10 years?
In the police hospital?
They say the chief inspector of the brigade, Mr. Kuroda,
had a very serious accident.
That's why at her age she was transferred temporarily
and came here.
That's right.
If you are still young, it is more normal to be transferred...
from the national police to the local police.
So the burns that she has on her face...
I think he got them when he had the accident.
They say that the right eye is artificial.
It seems that the nurse who removed the bandages from his face was horrified.
was horrified.
His black hair turned completely white
due to the trance of the accident.
"Different?"
She seemed like a different person at one time.
Even now, once she regained consciousness,
she says that sometimes there are still details she has trouble remembering.
Tell me the truth, Conan.
It makes you a little uneasy, Inspector Kuroda, doesn't it?
No, and now!
Man, it's normal, that he worries you,
because he looks like one of the big shots of a certain organization.
Well look, your face would also fit a little, wouldn't it?
-So what?
Have you found something?
-I'd appreciate it if you'd shut up a bit.
Yes, I've gone into the computer and I've taken a look at
the cases in which Inspector Takeda had intervened.
I found a couple that caught my attention.
In both of them Shigeru shot suspects and killed them.
-Yes, the first one was 9 years ago.
-What?
That he killed them?
(Shot)
"A man who had taken drugs
started firing shots crooked and straight."
"The second was 6 months ago,
when a man held hostages and barricaded himself in a bank."
"Both were shot in the head from the inspector's gun and killed."
Both cases ended the same: with the suspects dead.
Right.
And you mean it could be that the families wanted revenge, right?
That's what I thought first,
but the parents of the man who had barricaded himself in the bank said
that they knew very seriously what their son had done and they committed suicide.
And, on the other hand, the parents of the drug addict who was shooting?
died years ago of illness.
Only his grandmother is left, but she is over 80 years old.
There's no way that old lady could have done something like that.
By the way, come to think of it,
you haven't seen any smoke or any suspicious people, by any chance?
What do you mean?
How do you usually go to that bridge
to do the leg recovery...
Yes, but today I had to do and I could not go.
(Mobile)
You'll have to excuse me, I'm asked elsewhere.
If you find out anything, send me an email.
Kansuke!
Excuse me, Inspector Yamato has spoken of this old lady...
with a lot of familiarity;
that you know her?
Yes, because it seems that the man who shot 9 years ago in the bank...
was a childhood friend of his.
When they were little, he and Kansuke were inseparable.
I remember you would always see them together;
they'd play all day until it got dark.
Were you jealous of them?
They made me jealous and everything, sometimes.
Yes, but don't tell that to Kansuke, eh?
I understand now.
Don't worry.

That's why he must have blurted that out when we were in the temple.
I will never go back to his brigade.
I'd rather die first!
So your best friend was shot dead
at the hands of Inspector Takeda.
That's right.
Besides, he saw the whole thing.
In Kansuke had gone to the scene of the incident
because he was part of Inspector Takeda's squad.
Since there had been injuries in the shooting,
the excuse was...
that he had had no choice but to shoot to defend himself.
(Trona)
(Trona) Where is he?
(Trona) Where is it?
The report of the investigation of the case.
Let's see this...
I've already found it.
It's what I was looking for.
(Thunder)
"Death by gunshot wound to the head."
Sure, sure, now I understand everything.
There's already that I hurry and let the others know right away.
(Thunder)
Hey, where is it in Kansuke?
Does anyone know where he might have gone?
Has something happened?
In Mamoru and others have made inquiries for the area.
A witness told him that this morning he has seen someone
who looked like he was in Kansuke near the crime scene.
What?
How can that be?
He told us just now that he didn't go to the bridge today.
Anyway, we need to talk.
(Mobile)
It's in Kansuke.
- "Hey, is it this way, in Shoji?"
-Tell me, what is it?
He wants to know if in Shoji is here.
He said he remembered something and was going home for a moment.
He has some sort of file where he keeps copies of the reports
of many of the cases he's been involved in.
You can tell he's gone home.
Why did he go home?
Are you looking for him for something?
"I've received more than 10 missed calls from him."
"I've called him, but he's not answering."
I'm sure something's happened to him.
I'm running home.
We can all meet there.
So far.
-What's wrong? -What's wrong?
-Hey... -Wait.
He says he's a little worried
because he's been getting a lot of missed calls from Shoji
and that he's at home to see if he's okay.
We got it.
Well, we should go too.
Let's go.
We'll go too.
-Yes, tell me.
-Morofushi.
Keep an eye on Kansuke from now on.
Eh?
It's nine years today since that shooting we were talking about.
It's the anniversary of your friend's death.
- (Morofushi) Yes.
-You see where I'm going, don't you?
Strange, the door's open.
(Morofushi) Oh!
It's... It's his shoes.
(Morofushi) Shoji!
Are you home?
Aaah...
Soc... Bishamonten.
Ah, Kansuke, you're here.....
I am the god of war and I will destroy woodpeckers.
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
It said there were only 3 picks left.
What's the matter?
Do you suspect me?
Yes, Kansuke, I think it's you.
He makes deductions by looking at the facts from a different point of view.
and that helps him interpret clues and solve cases.
He is the source of wisdom of Sleeping Kogoro.
Or at least that's the rumor going around the Police Department.
It's Conan Edogawa.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Darkness of the Prefectural Police (Part Two) '."

