(Shinichi voice) "We were in Nagano and we have decided.
"To pay a visit to the Kawanakajima battlefield,
"and there, by chance,
"we met Inspector Yamato and other Nagano police officers...
"who accompanied us while we were visiting the area."
"When we arrived at the Chikuma River,
"we found the head of a person floating in the water...
"With a blood mark on the forehead similar to the imprint of a whistle."
"The head belongs to Inspector Takeda and, soon after,
"Another officer on his team, Sub-Inspector Kano,
"is found dead hanging in his house."
"The feeling we have always carried in our hearts
"sends us flying toward the 20th anniversary."
"What's going on in the police force?"
"Someone attacks the officers, one after the other."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
(Conan voice) "The darkness of the prefectural police (Part Two)."
(Thunder)
What is this from the god of war?
"I will destroy the spikes"?
-Don't worry, I'm not saying it.
-What are you saying, Kansuke?
It's in this mail you sent me in Shoji a while ago.
It seems clear that he has died of strangulation.
Based on "post mortem" lividity and "rigor mortis",
I'd say the time of death was
between an hour and an hour and a half ago.
For the marks on his neck,
which usually appear whenever the victim puts up resistance,
I think someone strangled her from behind.
They tied the rope around her neck and hung her from the ceiling.
So we're talking about more than one person.
It took three men to remove Shoji's body.
Yes, I suppose so.
No, by placing a chair on top of the desk...
and forcing him to sit down, it could have been hung by one person.
Even if he had trouble walking.
Yes, that's true.
-Isn't that a cell phone, that thing that's ringing?
- (mobile)
- (cell phone)
-It seems to be Shoji's phone.
(Mobile)
He just got an email from Inspector Takeda's cell phone.
What does it mean?
That the person that the inspector has died has sent it to you?
-And what does it say?
Read it
-It could be.
The message says: "There are only three peaks left".
Let's recap.
Since Inspector Kano's front has also left
the imprint of a cock's footprint,
it is very likely that the three spikes the killer says are left are also members of the police force.
are also members of the police force.
He doesn't know where he's got himself into, this one.
We'll have to show him what's going on, if anyone dares to attack the police force.
(All) Yes!
(All) -Huh?
-By the way, Kansuke.
What do you think of the rope around his neck?
The truth is... I find it a bit strange.
Keep an eye on it.
Don't touch anything without gloves.
What's that?
I already touched it, the rope, when we took it down.
It doesn't matter.
By the way, Kansuke, something.
A witness saw you this morning near the bridge
where we found the charred remains of Shigeru.
That can't be right.
I told you I didn't go to the bridge in the morning.
You must have mistaken me for someone else.
Man..., it's a bit difficult, that you could be mistaken for someone else.
Well, look, don't you think that perhaps...
we could say the same about you?
(Kogoro) What?
That you have been murdered?
Sub-inspector Shoji Kano, what we met today?
Yes.
Someone has hanged her in her house.
I did a little research to see if I could find someone
who wanted revenge on Inspector Takeda and Sub-Inspector Kano,
and that led me to the shooting nine years ago,

and also to the case of the man who barricaded himself in a bank 6 months ago.
On both occasions, Shoji was on Inspector Takeda's team.
But he believed that the relatives of the man
that Inspector Takeda shot to death 9 years ago
had died of illness,
and that only the grandmother, a lady in her 80s, was still alive.
Yes, and that old lady would be incapable of cutting off someone's head,
let alone strangle a man like Inspector Kano...
and then hang him from the ceiling.
That is to say, for the moment we still don't have any clear suspects.
-Eh?
-No... -You're wrong.
We have one.
Nine years ago his best friend was killed in his presence.
You mean...?
And 6 months ago he opposed the bank shooting.
Mm?
-Yes, Kansuke..., I think it's you. -Yes, Kansuke..., I think it's you.
-What's wrong? -You suspect me?
You suspect me?
You really think I'm the killer?
Everything we've discovered so far leads directly to you.
What are you saying?!
It's impossible, it could have been Inspector Yamato.
And you should be the first to know, Morofushi, shouldn't you?
Because, as I understand it, you've been close friends since you were little.
That's the first news.
We haven't been close, us.
No.
It's true, and the feeling is mutual.
Look..., from now on, I'll follow the investigation on my own.
-Yourself.
-You can tell Inspector Kuroda. -You can tell him.
-But... -Did I say...?
-Kansuke, where are you going?
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
Come to think of it, when you started out as a policeman,
Kansuke was your mentor, wasn't he?
I hope you won't make him side just because of that, now.
Because, even though Inspector Takeda is dead, you're still on his team.
Excuse me...
Yes, of course.
They said that Sub-Inspector Kano had gone home for a moment
because he had noticed something, right?
Yes, that's right.
I don't know...
And do you know what made him react?
He stuck his finger in his forehead for a long time and then, all of a sudden,
he seemed to have thought of something.
(Shinichi, thinks) "On the front?"
I'd say it occurred to him while he was thinking about the pickaxe mark
Inspector Takeda had on his head.
And then, what did you do?
We split up and continued asking people questions.
And we passed all the information to Chief Inspector Kuroda.
Oh, and I sent an email to Inspector Yamato.
But he was concerned about the missed calls from Sub-Inspector Kano
and he didn't read it.
May I know why we have to explain anything to this nano?
Therefore, Kansuke knew perfectly well...
that Sub-Inspector Kano had returned home.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I can't believe you're suspicious of Kansuke.
-But what a bar you have!
-Yes, it is.
What's the matter?
Uehara is right.
Inspector Yamato would be incapable of committing murder.
-Aburakawa, there's a call for you.
- (mobile)
- (cell phone)
-What do I say, Akiyama!
I should know by now.
It's not a call, I just got an email.
What?!
-What?
Nothing.
-What's up?
What did they say?
Excuse me, but I'm going to change my clothes.
We've questioned people in the rain and I'm going well dock.
I'm going next door.
-No, don't worry!
-All right, but don't be long, eh? -Yeah.
By the way, you said your mother lived around here.
Yes.
She has the beauty salon around the corner.
(Kansuke, thinks) "I'm Bishamonten... I'm Bishamonten."
"I am... I am Bishamonten."
"I am the god of war and I will destroy... the woodpeckers."
-Eh?
- (bird: call)
Yes?
Do they match?
The burned body and Inspector Takeda's boss match?
Yes, the DNA from the big toe of the right foot, which was barely burned,
matches the one on the head.
Where are the others?
Well, Inspector Yamato has decided to investigate the case on his own.
I had made it very clear to you not to let him out of your sight.
I'm sorry, Inspector.
We don't seem to be getting along too well lately, he and I.
Where are they on Shinsuke and Mamoru?
Sergeant Akiyama has gone to his mother's house
to change his clothes because he got wet.
But since we've been waiting for her for a while and she hasn't come back,
Inspector Saegusa went to see what was wrong.
(Mobile)

What happened?
- "Morofushi? I'm Mamoru."
Damn, you can say it now.
After changing clothes,
Shinsuke took the car to go to Mt. Saijo.
"To Mt. Saijo?"
Yes, it seems he went to the mountain hut...
where he hid that thief who was wanted.
I'll be right there.
I'll meet you there.
This little boy... Why did you have to get in the car?
He-he-he!
I'm really intrigued by all this.
One thing: how come you have the spare tire in the back seat?
Because I've had several punctures lately.
If I have it here, I can change it faster.
No, I'm fine.
I'm fine. Thank you.
What's in your way?
By the way, that wheel...
(mechanized voice) "I am Bishamonten."
"I am the god of war. And I will destroy woodpeckers."
It's not here in the hut.
Well, we'd better hurry up and look around.
Aaaah...!
Aaaah...!
Aaaah!
Ah..., AAAAH!
-Come here, please..., help me...
-It's over there!
The car is dragging him!
The cell phone, look at the cell phone...!
Aaaah...!
Aaaah!
-Ah!
-No!
Shinsuke!
Shinsuke!
Shinsuke!
Who could have done it?
While she was being dragged with the car, she said something, didn't she?
Look at the cell phone!
Didn't you hear it?
-Yes..., okay.
-Go, hurry, call her cell phone.
(Cell phone)
-I've already found it!
- (cell phone)
Yes, if I'm not mistaken, it's his cell phone.
From what I see, you received an email this afternoon, at 05:32.
Yes, I remember, because I was there.
After reading it she said that she wanted to change her clothes
and went to her mother's beauty salon.
And then, instead of going back to the police station,
she took the car and came here, to Mount Saijo.
And what does it say, the mail?
"I happened to find the cell phone of Chief Inspector Shigeru Takeda
among someone else's things,
and I used it to write you this message.
This person is a member of the police.
Please make up an excuse and come to the hut on Mount Saijo.
I will tell you everything in more detail there.
Kansuke Yamato."
What do you mean?
That Kansuke... sent you this mail?
What does this mean?
That he had him come all the way to Mt. Saijo and then murdered her?
By the way, have you been able to get in touch, you?
No, I called him several times on the way here,
but he must have his cell phone turned off.
We will issue an arrest warrant.
Kansuke is now the prime suspect.
Mm...
I'm sorry, but not necessarily.
Because we haven't thought of something basic:
maybe the mail wasn't sent from the inspector's cell phone.
It can't be ruled out
that the murderer sent the mail impersonating him.
Besides, if Inspector Yamato were the murderer,
he wouldn't have left a cell phone with such a compromising e-mail in the trash
without even looking for it, because he would have been framed right away.
But what is this guy doing here?
Sorry, we realized it was the car when we had already left.
But the truth is that this child...
He makes deductions by looking at the facts from another point of view
and that helps him interpret clues and solve cases.
He is the source of wisdom of Sleeping Kogoro.
Or at least that's the rumor that runs through the Police Department.
That's what they say?
Why, my goodness, you!
It's Conan Edogawa.
Anyway, it could be...
he was looking for the cell phone when we arrived
and had no choice but to run away so we wouldn't see him.
Or maybe the Akiyama thought quickly and...
He knew.
This explains everything.
The phone at Kansuke Yamato is blocked, you see?
I'm sure that Sergeant Akiyama has somehow sensed
that Yamato wanted to kill him
and blocked it to prevent him from deleting the evidence.
No way!
Or maybe the murderer has prepared everything
to make us believe that the culprit was Kansuke.
Yes... I thought the same thing, I admit it.
Until I received a call from the Scientific Police.
A call?
They found en Yamato's fingerprints on en Shoji's neck rope.
I'll order him arrested on suspicion of murder.
No, please don't be hasty!

Inspector Yamato touched the rope when he unhooked the body.
We already counted, that we would find his fingerprints...
on the part of the rope that was hanging in the light.
But they also found the one around the neck.
And this proves that he used it to strangle Shoji.
You mean?
Morofushi, did Kansuke touch the rope around his neck, to unhook him?
No, never.
I didn't move from the side of the body until the scientist arrived,
and I can assure you that no one touched the rope on the side of the neck.
If we add a witness who claims to have seen in Kansuke
near the bridge where Shigeru's body was found,
and who was present at both the shooting 9 years ago
and the incident at the bank 6 months ago,
I think we should issue an arrest warrant for him.
He is the killer, we have to be objective.
I am sorry, but I am sure that Kansuke is not a criminal!
We must prioritize justice over emotions.
If we let him escape now, we may regret it later.
Well then, we will set up checkpoints.
We must stop Inspector Yamato at all costs.
Don't go easy on him just because you know him.
Think of him as a serial killer who has killed 3 policemen in one day.
I'm going to the station.
I'll coordinate the operation from there.
But, Inspector, what about Shinsuke?
What about Shinsuke?
For the moment, nothing.
The ground is muddy from the rain and it's already dark.
We can recover the body when it gets light.
Mamoru, come up with me in the car, please.
I don't know if there are goats in Morofushi's car,
considering he's got the spare tire in the back seat.
One thing...
Is it true that inspector Yamato has been the person
who took down the body of sub-inspector Kano?
Yes.
In Kansuke he has climbed on a chair.
Then in Shinsuke and others have lifted the body a little.
But Inspector Yamato has a bad leg, right?
In Kansuke he is tall and has a lot of strength, and also,
if he thinks a person is still alive,
he'll do whatever it takes to save them without a second thought.
Like "that time"?
Yes, the same thing happened that time.
You mean it's not the first time something like that has happened?
Yes, that's right.
The parents of that man who barricaded himself in the bank,
hung themselves because they were unable to withstand the pressure of the neighbors.
And as soon as they arrived on the scene,
en Kansuke climbed onto a chair and unhooked them.
But, unlike at Shoji, he only undid the knots in the ropes,
which were tied to a ceiling beam.
And how was it tied, the rope that has strangled the sub-inspector Kano?
Well, in Shoji he was hanging from a rope made with two loops
linked in a rather unusual way.
The upper baga was tied around the ceiling lamp.
I remember that in Kansuke he has taken the upper loop with both hands
and pulled it off the bar of the chandelier that's bolted to the ceiling.
And the two ropes you say, weren't they looped like that?
Well... I would say yes.
And when they left the body on the floor, do you remember what was there?
If I'm not mistaken,
there was Inspector Morofushi and Sergeant Akiyama,
who were leaning close to the body.
The others of us were standing upright at some distance.
While they were there, nothing happened?
Something that distracted them.
Now that you mention it, at that precise moment?
an email came in on Shoji's phone,
and it was reportedly sent from Inspector Takeda's cell phone, which was dead.
It said that there were only three spikes left.
And let's not lose sight of the mail he received earlier on Kansuke:
"I am Bishamonten. I am the god of war and I will destroy woodpeckers."
If we count Sergeant Akiyama, who has died after the mail,
the killer intends to kill two more people, right?
But I still don't understand why.
What motive could he have?
And what's all this about woodpeckers?
I'm starting to see it, but I'm still not entirely sure.
But it seems to me that I do know what the next victims might be.
It's related to the names.
What?
I'm not quite sure why,
but the three people they've killed so far
have names similar to the names of the dead generals.

in the fourth battle of Kawanakajima.
Inspector Takeda, who was the first victim,
had the same name as Nobushi Takeda.
Sub-inspector Shoji Kano had a surname similar to that of Tadatsugu Hajikano.
similar to that of Tadatsugu Hajikano.
And Sergeant Shinosuke Akiyama, formerly called Aburakawa by last name,
like Nobuyoshi Aburakawa.
So, the two remaining, who are they?
Inspector Mamoru Saegusa, who has the surname of Morinao Saegusa.
And the general of Takeda's army,
who was responsible for the failed strategy
and who threw himself into the hands of the enemy,
happened to be named Kansuke Yamamoto.
What?
And who could want to take revenge on Kansuke?
I don't get it!
Maybe it has something to do with the case of the hostages in the bank
that took place 6 months ago.
Ah...
Could you explain in more detail?
When Inspector Takeda shot the criminal and killed him?
Actually, the man was about to give himself up to the police...
after a long time of trying to convince him.
But Inspector Takeda's men, who had surrounded the bank, decided to take action,
decided to act.
The man, upon realizing it, started shooting right and left.
Seed, Inspector Takeda had no choice but to enter the bank and shoot...
but to enter the bank and shoot to kill.
Luckily, there were no more casualties.
But Kansuke was very angry at Shigeru.
I hope you don't think that just because you're a policeman
you can kill any suspect with impunity!
You come here yourself.
I remember that the bank man's cell phone was said to be missing,
although it seems that before he was killed
he had spoken to someone on the phone.
They felt he was saying, "If they stop me, you will go down too.
I will tell where the gun came from and what the X means.
I have already warned you.
(Shinichi, think) "Really?"
"What does the X mean?"
-Of course.
-Is it true what you say?
The other day I was explaining it to Shinsuke in detail.
Weren't you there?
Maybe inspector Saegusa heard it,
because he's also one of the men on Shigeru's team.
Excuse me... Why does Sub-Inspector Kano appear in the letter T?
From it..., because in Shoji Kano used to be called Tsuchiya,
but when he got married he took the surname of the woman's family.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Equis?"
"Tsuchiya?"
But what would this murderer want?
I don't understand.
What fixation does he have, with those who died in the battle of Kawanakajima?
-No...
-Huh?
The key is not the dead in the battle, but the X.
Be that as it may, it seems that in Kansuke?
is on the list of possible victims of the assassin.
Conan, can you tell me where you've been?
I was worried about you!
You're a case.
Sorry, I won't do it again.
How did it go?
Have you been able to get in touch with Kansuke?
No, not yet, his cell phone won't stop communicating.
Oh, inspector, we have news.
We've just received a call saying that a man has recently been sighted
who looked like en Kansuke.
I'd like to confirm, but there's no car available.
Ah, Morofushi, you're here!
-What?
I'd rather not, sorry.
-Can I borrow you, please?
Why don't you leave it to him?
What's wrong?
Man, inspector Saegusa is a very rough driver.
-Yes? -Yes?
-Morofushi...
It's an emergency, you have to leave it with him.
That's an order.
-Thanks, kid.
-All right. -You got it.
You got it.
If the witness is credible, let us know right away, okay?
Roger that.
(mechanized voice) "I am Bishamonten."
"I am the god of war... and I will destroy woodpeckers."
(Mobile)
"Everything flows like the river."
"Kansuke."
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
In Kansuke sent me this mail.
(Kansuke voice) "If you don't come, I will reveal everything I know about the x."
What the fuck do you know about the X?
Yes, that's what I thought then.
The X, you say?

Because I did not yet know that the clan of the beaks
also received this name, it was also called equis.
(Think) "Kansuke..."
Hey!
I came to pick you up as you asked me to.
Kansuke?
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Darkness of the Prefectural Police (Part Three)".

