"While visiting the Kawanakajima battlefield,
"We happened to meet Inspector Yamato
"And other Nagano prefectural police officers,
who show us around the area."
"In the Chikuma River we found a person's head floating in the river."
"The head, with a mark on the forehead?
"Similar to the footprint of a duck's paw,
belongs to Inspector Takeda of the Nagano Prefectural Police."
"Shortly thereafter, one of Inspector Takeda's men,
"Sub-Inspector Kano, is found dead in his home...
hanging from the ceiling with a rope."
"That same night, Sergeant Akiyama, of the same team,
is also killed."
"All the evidence and all the clues point to one and the same person."
What do you mean?
What in Kansuke... sent you this mail?
I'll have him arrested on suspicion of murder.
I'm sorry, but I'm sure that Kansuke is not a criminal.
Right now we have to prioritize justice over emotions.
If we let him escape now, we may regret it later.
Well, then, we will set up checkpoints.
We must stop Inspector Yamato at all costs.
Don't go easy on him just because you know him.
Think of him as a serial killer who has killed 3 policemen in one day.
Inspector, we have news.
We've just received a call saying that they've recently spotted a man
who looked like Kansuke.
I'd like to confirm, but there's no car available.
Ah, Morofushi, you're here!
Can I borrow you, please?
What?
I'd rather not, sorry.
Why don't you lend it to him?
What's wrong?
Man, Inspector Saegusa is a very rough driver.
-Yes? -Yes?
-Morofushi...
It's an emergency, you have to leave it with him.
-Okay. -Okay.
-It's an order.
-Thanks, kid.
-You got it.
If the witness is credible, let us know right away.
Roger that.
(Mechanized voice) Soc Bishamonten.
I am the god of war.
And I will destroy woodpeckers.
(Mobile)
"Everything flows like the river."
"Kansuke."
-Look.
-What's the matter?
Kansuke sent me this mail.
What is it?
But this is...
Morofushi, can I talk to you for a moment?
Yes, indeed.
I'm sorry.
I'll be right back.
"Kansuke... Why?"
Mm?
Excuse me, Inspector Yui...
"The feeling we've always carried in our hearts
makes us take flight towards the 20th anniversary."
"All these assassinations of the Nagano police
have an unexpected resolution."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The darkness of the prefectural police (part three)."
Dang...
Kansuke's Coi!
(Kansuke) "It's obvious that I won't be able to evade
the arrest warrant against me.
Ask for the car at Komei Morofushi, which is running strong.
Come pick me up at the hut on Mt. Saijo
and help me get out of the prefecture, please.
If you don't come, I'll reveal everything I know about the X".
What the heck... do you know, you, about the X?
(Mechanized voice) Soc Bishamonten.
I am the god of war.
And I will destroy woodpeckers.
The X, you say?
What do you mean?
That the clan of the beaks was called thus: equis?
Yes, most likely,
if we take into account what inspector Uehara Yui said.
And the woodpecker's legs also form an X.
But it was my understanding that the beak clan was a mysterious group of police officers from the prefecture
made up of police officers from Nagano Prefecture.
Exactly, and all the men who have been killed so far?
were from the beak clan.
Oh, really?
But, a while ago, Inspector Yui said...
that all the policemen killed had a surname

similar to one of the generals killed in the battle of Kawanakajima.
But it would be impossible to form a group based on these surnames.
Besides, this whole surname theory was explained to him by you, wasn't it?
Yes, that's what I thought at the time,
because I still didn't know that the clan of the beaks
also received this name, it was also called equis.
And what's wrong with saying "xis"?
This does not change anything.
Of course, so that X is the 24th letter of the alphabet,
and this allows us to make a quick and simple relationship:
the X refers to the 24 generals
who fought at Shingen Takeda's side.
Exactly.
Takeda's 24 generals?
The first one to be killed by cutting off his head was?
Inspector Shigeru Takeda,
who would correspond to Shingen's younger brother, Nobutsugu Takeda.
Next, she was strangled from behind...
and then hung with a rope from the ceiling..,
was sub-inspector Shoji Kano, formerly known as Tsuchiya,
and would correspond to Shingen's right-hand man, Shoji Tsuchiya.
And the man who fell down the ravine a short while ago
with a rope around his neck tied to the bumper of the car,
that is, Sergeant Shinsuke Akiyama, would be Nobutomo Akiyama,
who convinced Takeda's top vassals,
who were against it, to ally with Nobunaga Oda.
Perhaps they were looking for people with surnames similar to those of the generals to join the organization.
to join the organization.
Inspector Morofushi says it's possible.
Oysters.
So the next victim, probably,
will be Inspector Mamoru Saegusa,
who has the same surname as Yoritomo Saegusa,
the samurai who led Takeda's infantry.
Hey, wait a minute, man.
If they are all related to Takeda generals,
it's likely that their strategist, Kansuke Yamamoto, is included.
He's right.
That's probably why Sub-Inspector Kano said that.
You'd be perfect for our squad, though.
Do you remember?
I mean, it's more than likely...
that the entire Takeda squad was part of the woodpecker clan.
Come to think of it,
Inspector Saegusa has received a call from a witness
and had to leave, didn't he?
Yes, and I'm sure it was the murderer, who tricked her into going.
And who is the murderer?
Tell me!
Well, look...
Why is that?
It turns out that it's...
I don't get it.
You mean it's Inspector Yamato?
"Kasuke..."
Hey.
I've come to pick you up, just like you asked.
Kansuke?
...a police officer from Nagano Prefecture.
"Kansuke..."
Where are you?
Kansuke!
From the Takeda brigade.
"Sergeant Shinsuke Akiyama."
(Kogoro and Ran) "Sergeant Shinsuke Akiyama.
(Kogoro and Ran) "Sergeant Akiyama is the killer?"
But doesn't he represent that he is dead, Sergeant Akiyama?
Didn't he fall down the ravine dragged by the car?
Yes, his body has been caught on the branch of a tree....
"And the rope around his neck has apparently decapitated him."
But I think that end was false.
I wouldn't be at all surprised if he had taken the head of a mannequin
used by the apprentices
to practice in her mother's beauty salon
and gave him his haircut.
She tucked it into the hood of her sweater and then,
"As he made it look like he was falling, he would have let it out,
along with fake blood."
But listen, the rope that was tied to the car?
was also tied around his neck, wasn't it?
"Yes, but, actually, what he's done?
"Is hold the loop of the rope in front of the neck
so that when you let go, it unravels right away."
"Like he had previously placed a decapitated body on top of the tree,
"All he had to do was hang from a rope tied to the trunk
that he had already prepared."
"From above, people could not see, because he covered the tree."
"And so it seemed that the rope had decapitated him
and that the head had fallen to the bottom of the ravine."
What do you mean?
That he used a decapitated body?
Yes, the corpse of Inspector Takeda.
Probably because they both have a very similar build.
And that, what he means, basically,
is that Inspector Takeda was decapitated at Mount Saijo.

"So... the burned body they found under the bridge, what?"
"It would be the body of the thief who was wanted."
"The sergeant cut off the finger of the inspector Takeda.
"And left it next to the body
"So it would seem that it had not been burned,
and thus fooled the DNA analysis."
"The robber's boss was probably inside the car...
that fell down the ravine and caught fire."
"Once burned, everyone would think the skull was Akiyama's."
He had it all figured out.
But Inspector Yui said that Inspector Yamato had sent a letter to the Akiyama
had sent a mail to the Akiyama telling him to go to Mt. Saijo.
I'm sure this was Sergeant Akiyama's doing, too.
He sent a message to his own phone
using the cell phone of his first victim, Inspector Takeda,
and made it look like it was Inspector Yamato who had called her.
She then expressly blocked the number of Inspector Yamato
because it appeared that he had done so
to prevent him from deleting the message from his cell phone.
She did this in order to frame Inspector Yamato
and hold him responsible for the 3 deaths.
Sgt. Akiyama also had Inspector Yamato's fingerprints
Inspector Yamato's fingerprints detected
to the rope wrapped around Sub-Inspector Kano's neck.
When they discovered the body of the sub-inspector,
he was hanging from two ropes that were intertwined like this,
and inspector Yamato touched the upper rope
in order to unhook the body.
But if you take the baga by the neck and pull...
You see?
The top baga and the bottom baga switch places in a moment.
You're right, you're right.
That's funny!
Sergeant Akiyama has used this trick
to change the place of the rope that had touched the inspector Yamato,
which is now tied around the victim's neck.
"But he had to distract people's attention,
so he made Inspector Kano's phone ring."
And the argument between Inspectors Yamato and Morofushi
was also provoked by him.
"If Inspector Yamato hadn't gotten angry and left,
Sergeant Akiyama would never have been able to frame her."
And since he knew that they both have bad tempers,
if you tell them that they are great friends
they start talking trash about each other and start arguing.
It seems to me that this pair were already angry before Sgt.
before Sergeant Shinsuke Akiyama said anything.
What's the matter?
Do you suspect me?
Everything we've uncovered so far leads directly to you.
You've had an argument, remember?
It was a trap that the two of you set between you to catch the culprit.
"As the one responsible for the deaths intended to frame Yamato,
"They made it look like they were arguing and that, in the end,
Inspector Yamato got angry and decided to investigate on his own."
"In this way they could discover what plans the culprit had."
That the murderer wanted to incriminate Inspector Yamato
became clear this morning, when a witness came forward...
saying that he had seen her near the bridge where the crime had taken place.
So, the Inspector Yamato that the witness saw, who would that be?
"Probably Sergeant Akiyama,
wearing a hooded sweatshirt and walking with a crutch like him."
"And he must also have been wearing boots with lifts to make him look taller."
Let's see, Conan, there's something that still doesn't add up for me.
That Inspector Yamato was investigating on his own...
wasn't that what the killer wanted?
Because that would leave him without an alibi for those hours.
That's not true, he has a very solid alibi.
So that Inspector Morofushi's car has a camera installed in it,
and in the back seat was the spare tire.
I get it.
It was the trunk of the car!
"If he stayed hidden there all the time,
the camera could confirm his alibi."
"You're unbelievable, Conan."
Don't exaggerate either, now, so that all this, in fact,
has been explained to me by Inspector Morofushi.
But listen to something...
When inspector Saegusa has received the message,
doesn't it represent that he left with Inspector Morofushi's car?
Soc Bishamonten.
I am the god of war.
And I will destroy woodpeckers.
That's it.
I've done it.
You know what?
Hiding in the trunk was a very clever idea, Kansuke.

And I'm sorry, but I've been much smarter than you.
So right now I'm going to take the gun from your corpse
and use it to charge me in Saegusa.
It will look like you killed each other.
And then, once Shigeru's body is burned,
I'll disappear without a trace.
Eh?
Ah!
What's wrong with you?
Are you stupid or what?
Did you think I'd be locked up in a place where I can't move
without foreseeing that I would need a good protection?
What? A riot shield?
A riot shield?
I don't believe it.
You used it to avoid bullets?
Shinsuke, I know exactly what your intentions were.
Nothing should surprise you.
And I've known since this morning,
when they said that a witness had seen you walking on the bridge...
and I knew it wasn't true.
I understood that there was someone who had impersonated me.
And the person who had impersonated me must have been somebody
who knew that this morning it was impossible for me to cross the bridge.
It had to be someone who knew that my friend,
who after taking drugs shot crooked and straight,
had died 9 years ago today
victim of a bullet from Inspector Takeda.
Or it had to be a member of the family
of the victim killed by a stray bullet,
who knew that every year I would go to the cemetery
to visit the girl's grave,
the morning of the anniversary of her death... to honor her memory.
Yes.
"Now I know that you are the older brother of Tsuyako Aburakawa,
"a high school student
who was killed instantly by a bullet from my friend."
Shinsuke Aburakawa,
right now you are the prime suspect in this series of murders.
And if you left the dick's paw mark on the front of the victims.
"It's so that your little sister was shot in the forehead."
"You deliberately made in Shoji realize this detail,
so he decides to go to her house to check it out."
The strangling glass
And you tried to frame me with that rope trick.
Anyway, it wasn't clear to me what motive you might have had
to kill Shigeru and the others,
so I didn't let you out of my sight for a single moment.
But after hearing what the Uehara said through the trunk,
I put my head together and understood everything.
"Inspector Takeda's men, the X clan,
"stole the weapons they confiscated during searches
and sold them illegally."
"And thus lined their pockets with impunity."
Yeah, I didn't know that either, at first.
But when he changed my last name to Akiyama,
Inspector Takeda suggested I join the woodpecker clan.
Then I found out that the gun that had killed Tsuyako
was one of the guns they had sold illegally.
That's why I wanted to teach them a lesson!
"A on Shigeru... There's on Shoji."
And now it's your turn.
-It won't do you any good.
-Shinsuke...
Because you're one of them, too.
You're guilty, too, for having such a stupid friend.
After killing you, I will get rid of Inspector Saegusa.
Then I will have avenged Tsuyako's death.
You'd better let it go, Shinsuke.
Because you won't make it.
We'll see how long this shield can protect you.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, sir...
As you can see, you are completely surrounded.
Since when?
They've crossed the river at night, without making a sound.
Like Kenshin Uesugi, who smelled the beak's strategy,
they have crept up on you and have watched you closely
from the moment you've been
"Hanging in that tree in the ravine
and made it look like you had been decapitated to death."
Well, we, anyway, you could say we just got here.
So, about the warrant for the arrest of Kansuke
and leaving the body in the ravine until the next morning...
We said that so that we could catch you off guard and catch you.
That's why we made sure you felt everything.
In Morofushi's car I don't know if there are goats,
considering he has the spare tire in the back seat.
"We thought that as soon as you knew where he was in Kansuke, he would make a move."
-No... No way...
-And we were right.
Take it!

By the way, is Inspector Saegusa all right?
-Yes.
-Fortunately, yes.
He is alive and breathing.
Later, when he regains consciousness,
we'll also have to interrogate him in depth to finish the whole thing.
But I'll have to ask you to take care of it,
I've already finished the job.
-Yes.
-Kansuke, are you all right?
-Oh.
I was so worried about you!
-Don't you see me?
I'm fine.
When Conan explained the situation to me
and I saw the mail that you had sent to Morofushi,
there was a moment when I thought that...
Ah, you mean that message that said "everything flows like the river".
Those are the words that Kansuke Yamamoto said
when he attacked the enemy lines.
-It was just a joke, woman.
-And then...
Stop scolding me.
Wow, it's not like you're my mother.
Okay, okay, okay!
If you have to be like that, I won't worry about you anymore.
I can see that you don't want to know anything about a woman
who has a black mark on her romantic record.
Nonsense!
You haven't seen me?
I have a mark on my face too.
And it looks like the leg of a huge dick, doesn't it?
-Listen to me.
-Kansuke...
You don't have to worry about anything, that's all.
-What?
-Come to think of it, Kansuke...
What was that matter you had to settle this afternoon?
Ah.
I went to see my friend's grandmother, the one who died 9 years ago.
The boy's grave is located in a very secluded area
and there is no other coverage there.
Every year I like to take her to see the grave of her clean one.
I understand.
In Shinsuke knew perfectly well, all of it,
and he used it against you.
Yes.
Oysters..., I'm tired and starving.
Shall we try the famous Nagano noodles?
No, I prefer Italian pasta.
("Unmei no roulette mawashite", La Pompon)
Unmei no roulette mawashite
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.

Naze nano Konno ni Shiawase Nanon.
Suiheisen wo Miru to kanashiku naru.
Ano koro no jibun wo
tooku de mito iru Sonna kanji.
Unmei no roulette mawashite
arekore fukaku kangaeru no wa Mystery.
Hora Unmei no hito wa Soko ni iru
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
Zutter kimi wo mito ita.
(Kogoro) Aaah...!
Gee, I'm sick of it.
You mean you haven't gone a little overboard, today?
And now!
One of the great pleasures of traveling
is that you get to taste the local dishes,
things you can't find anywhere else.
Like now here, in Nagano, which are typical of the...
Ah!
I haven't eaten Shinshu noodles, I haven't thought!
He doesn't take his eyes off Toru.
Nothing.
And I think we've already looked at all the stores.
Yes.
And it's gone.
Where could it be?
That means it's disappeared again.
Excuse me, can I help you with something?
Toru!
"Don't miss the next episode:
"The shadow approaching Toru Amuro"."

