(creaking)
Mm, mm, mm, mm.
Thank you for your patience.
The ham sandwich.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
That customer's been curious about you for a while, hasn't he?
Huh?
Well... yes.
Is it true, Conan?
But how can it be?
You're having breakfast and reading the results of the horse races,
how could you tell?
Woman, I'm a famous detective for a reason.
From the looks of him, we can rule out that he works in an office.
You're right, but he's obviously here for breakfast...
as if he was working office hours.
That's what you find most suspicious, isn't it?
But there are plenty of them, from clients like him.
Yeah...
Ourselves, for example.
But, if you notice, he didn't order the typical breakfast...
that people usually have here at this time of the day,
but he wanted a ham sandwich, and he didn't even look at the menu.
I don't think so.
Maybe it's because... he comes here often.
If he was a regular, surely he would have talked to Toru or Azusa.
I've noticed that he's been staring at the bar for a while now.
Well, that's easy to explain.
He looks over there because he must like Azusa.
Of course, the great detective has already figured out the mystery.
I make these deductions standing up, me.
No, sitting down and eating breakfast.
"No, I do not see that this man looks at the Azusa,
but rather that he doesn't take his eyes off Toru."
"Why is that?"
"The sentiment that we have always carried in our hearts has made us take flight
toward the twentieth anniversary."
"A en Toru Amuro, the Poirot cafe worker,
is approached by an unexpected person."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The shadow approaching Toru Amuro."
Listen, how about playing a game at Dr. Agasa's house?
What if we do that all the time?
But that's what we always do!
-Don't you have any homework?
-And what do you want us to do, then?
Maybe the first thing we should do is the school homework, right?
(Mitsuhiko) Yes, Ai is right.
Let's do our homework and then we can play.
(Genta) I'd rather play something now.
(Ayumi) What's wrong, Conan?
It's strange, this man was also in the cafe this morning.
(Ayumi) So what's wrong?
Maybe he lives nearby, or it could also be that he worked for this area.
(Ayumi) But why are you interested in this man, now?
(Ai) Conan is interested in everything and everyone.
Yes, but when he's interested in something, there's a case behind it.
-(Ai) Look, he's coming out now.
- (Azusa) Thank you very much.
I'll see you later.
Conan, if you are so interested, we could continue.
That's good thinking.
I'm sure it'll be more fun than playing at Dr. Agasa's house.
Yes.
And it also does more for the Detective League, doesn't it?
- (Ayumi) Yes.
(Ayumi) -So... Come on, let's go.
-Hm.
Don't let it show.
Come on, you two, you wait?
But... you want to go?
I think I'll pass.
And you, what you should do is go home and do your homework,
that then...
If they follow him, it's your fault.
So it's up to you to watch them and make them go home.
Oh...
(Door, open, bell)
Hello, Conan.
What are you doing?
You're alone?
Hello.
Yes.
You mean the client who just left?
Yes.
I don't know what his name is, but, now that you mention it,
it's true that he's been coming in a lot lately.
No, he hasn't.
And do you know what he does?
What does he do?
He's not here.
He's disappeared.
I'm sure he's gone into some store.
Let's check it out.
Then, we'll separate selected ones so we can look at them all.
Yes!
Yes.
(Toru) And he was looking at me, wasn't he?
Or at least that's what I thought.
Yes, me too.

I have had the same feeling.
And, in fact, the other day it followed me.
About 3 days ago, approximately.
Oh, yeah?
When was it?
"I went shopping at a supermarket nearby and I saw him."
"And then?"
You let him follow you?
And then what?
Man, why not?
He hadn't done anything to me.
And if it's a Man in Black, what?
No, it's impossible.
You haven't thought about it?
Oh, have you?
Why not? Why not?
If you tell me you know everyone in the organization, I won't believe it.
Of course you won't.
But it doesn't seem to me that he could be one of them.
Maybe he's an undercover cop, like you,
working on some case undercover.
You seem to want to know everything, don't you?
Eh...
-Wrong.
I haven't seen him anywhere.
-Hey, how'd it go?
Nothing.
And I think we've checked all the stores.
Yes.
And it's gone.
Where could it be?
Guys, we have to admit that we missed it.
(Bird: shrieks)
We had him under control all the way to the shopping street.
-Yes, yes, of course.
-Once there, he suddenly disappeared.
This proves that the man is not clear water.
Hey, look, it's in Toru.
Gee, Ay, why did you stop all of a sudden?
Because I remembered something.
I have to go home.
What's that?
Where are you going?
-Meva?
And what have I done, now?
-You see? -You see?
It's because of you, Genta.
-It's that man!
-Oh...
It's him, isn't it?
It's the man we followed, isn't it?
Yes, I'd say so.
And I don't understand why he's still in Toru now.
It's looking more and more suspicious to me.
Eh?
Hey, but watch out, man!
This is going to end in a dead end street.
Excuse me, can I help you with something?
No, thank you.
I was just passing by.
Oh, you were?
Well, this street is a dead end.
You're a regular at Café Poirot, aren't you?
I've been seeing a lot of you lately.
If you don't do anything to him, could you tell me why he's following me?
Eh? (Mobile)
(Mobile)
Hello?
(Azusa) "Toru, could you go get some ice cream?"
- "We need ice cream!"
-What?
And you need it now?
"The manager forgot to bring
and a customer just asked me."
"Please take us. And I'm in a hurry."
Oh!
I'll leave it to you, Detective Conan.
- (Genta) We've lost her again.
- (Mitsuhiko) Wow!
Yes, and in the same street as yesterday.
Let's go back to look at all the stores, come on!
(Mitsuhiko) Wait a minute... Maybe she's gone inside...
Thanks for your patience.
The ham sandwich.
But, if you notice, he didn't order the typical breakfast...
that people usually have here at this time of day..,
but he wanted a ham sandwich, and he didn't even look at the menu.
It's strange, this man was also in the café this morning.
What's the matter?
Maybe he lives nearby, or it could also be that he worked for this area.
Yes.
(Toru) And he was looking at me, wasn't he?
Or at least that's what I thought.
Yes, me too.
I had the same feeling.
And, in fact, the other day he followed me.
About 3 days ago, approximately.
Oh, was it?
When was it?
I went shopping at a supermarket nearby and saw him.
Eh? (Ayumi) Conan!
(Ayumi) Conan!
Nothing at all.
I haven't seen him anywhere, sorry.
I haven't seen him either.
Maybe he's come in here?
No.
He's not in here either.
That means he's disappeared again.
Eh?
You're wrong.
I'm sure we'll see him soon.
Eh?
How do you know?
Come on, tell us, Conan.
Wait a minute...
Maybe what?
This means that maybe...
Well, that Toru saw you following him the other day at the supermarket.
Did he?
And what did he do?
Where are you going now?
I got it!
Toru!
(gasps)
What's wrong, Conan?
Ouch!
I found out that this man... works as a baker, right?
-He's a baker?
-What?
He's been coming to eat sandwiches at this establishment lately,
morning and evening, every day.
More specifically, the sandwiches he makes at Toru Amuro.
But he's no ordinary worker, he has clean fingernails.
That's true.
And I noticed that he has a very characteristic mark on his forehead.
He does have one, as if he normally wears a cap.
(Toru) Yes, it's the mark of a rubber.

Exactly, it is the mark left by some hats.
Like those worn by bakers and those who make fresh pasta,
who must work with flour and are in the workshop,
you never see them facing the public, behind the counter.
Come to think of it, when we looked in the stores?
Nothing at all.
I haven't seen it anywhere, sorry.
Neither have I.
Maybe he's come into this one here?
(Mitsuhiko) Sure, the store was an oven.
So,
if he works in the bakery and doesn't have to serve customers directly,
it means that she's in charge of making bread very early in the morning.
and, if necessary, in the afternoon, depending on how the day's sales went.
From the looks of it,
I'd say we can rule out that he works in an office.
(Kogoro) You're right, but it's obvious that he came for breakfast....
(Kogoro) As if she's working office hours.
That's what you find most suspicious, isn't it?
But there are many, from customers like him.
I mean, he has a job...
that allows him to have most mornings and afternoons off.
I get it.
He hasn't disappeared, he's gone inside the bakery.
Of course, because he is not a customer, but one of the workers.
That's why it seemed to me that all I had to do was wait outside for a while
for him to change and then we would see him again.
"And that's what I did, I waited and waited and waited,
but it's been a while and he hasn't shown up."
Come on, tell us, Conan.
Wait a minute...
Maybe what?
This means that maybe...
Well, that Toru saw me following him the other day at the supermarket.
And then...
Oh, did he?
And what did he do?
It occurred to me that since en Toru had discovered that I was following him,
maybe he had finally decided to take action.
What do you mean..., exactly?
What do you mean..., exactly?
To come to the Poirot to speak directly.
Because he wants to know how the sandwiches are made here.
-Is it true, this?
-Eh?!
I've been hearing from a lot of people lately
that the sandwiches they make here are very good and inexpensive.
"I came to try them myself
and I must confess that I was very surprised."
"The ham one, in particular, is delicious."
"And I immediately thought
that I'd like to make a sandwich myself... so good."
"But as much as I look at it when she makes them,
I don't find out what makes them so special."
(Crunch)
"That's why the other day I followed him."
"To see if I could figure out... what bread..., what ham...,
and what kind of lettuce and mayonnaise he was buying."
But I didn't see him buying anything out of the ordinary either, everything was normal.
"I made them myself with the same ingredients
that he had bought and they didn't taste the same."
"I don't know how he does it, to make them taste so special."
I can't stop thinking for a second all day.
I've become so obsessed, I'm going crazy.
Explain it to me!
Tell me how you make your sandwiches so delicious!
(Echo) Delicious, delicious, delicious, delicious...
Man, however,
this information you are asking for is a professional secret.
I doubt very much that I want to explain it to you, Toru.
I am aware, but I want to know!
Don't suffer, I don't mind explaining it to you.
"What? How not?"
The ham doesn't need to be of the expensive kind,
but what you should look for
is that it has as little fat as possible.
-Oh, olive oil.
-Then you have to put olive oil.
This is what gives them that special flavor, now I understand.
Exactly, but there are more things to take into account.
The mayonnaise can be of any brand, because I put...
Eh?
Is it miso?
Yes, it's miso.
Now I understand why there is always miso in the fridge.
But a little bit and nothing more, just to give it a subtle touch.
And the miso in the mayonnaise makes it taste better?
I like it.
I find that miso and olive oil go great together.
Now I get it.
So, the sauce brings out the flavor of the ham and olive oil more.
And that's normal hot water.
And the lettuce is just plain old lettuce, too.
-Oh!
-Oh!
Eh ?!
When we eat a sandwich with cold ingredients from the fridge,
don't you find that only the cold taste is noticeable.
and the other tastes go a little unnoticed?
-I agree.
-Yes, I have noticed it.

Well, I don't think about anything when I eat a sandwich.
Well, if you do it this way, I'm sure you'll find it better.
-Not if you know how to do it.
-Hey, isn't the lettuce soft?
But how?
The trick is to have the water at the temperature of taking a bath.
If you do it that way, the lettuce leaves stay crispy...
and hold up for quite a while after you put them on the sandwich.
"This guy is a box of surprises."
And even if bread is the main element,
an ordinary one is enough.
-This bread, is that what you buy?
-Huh?
Yes, because it's half the price and you save money.
-And does it have a special taste?
-Yeah, seen like that, you're absolutely right.
No, it doesn't.
The most important thing is that it's a little hard, that's the key to everything.
-Here's the secret.
-How?
It must be hard?
A steamer?
(Toru) Very good, and now touch the bread.
(Toru) Oh!
(Toru) Fantastic.
It's soft and fluffy.
Just before making the sandwich, you should always give it a touch of steaming.
That way, the bread absorbs any moisture it may have lost.
I get it.
That way we get the bread warm without having to toast it.
And it's also another way to lower the cost.
"As far as I can see,
the nano has taken the cafeteria job seriously."
(Mitsuhiko) So you put miso on the mayonnaise.
But the fluffiness of the sandwich doesn't last long,
if it's made this way.
That's why I think it's really good if you eat it right here,
and on the other hand it loses something if you want to take it with you.
But the thing is that I am a baker.
I like to make artisan bread.
But, please, I ask you to let me sell your sandwiches,
but made with the bread from my oven.
Oh!
I'm sorry, but I don't think they'll accept it, that.
"Why do you say yes?"
Of course.
I see him so enthusiastic about my ham sandwiches,
I'm excited and everything, that he can sell them in his oven.
Hehe!
("Futari no Byoshin, Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
We already have them ready.
Go on, try them.
-What does it look like!
-Thank you.
Bon appetit!
-It's soft and fluffy.
-Bonissim.
And I love mayonnaise.
The warm bread makes all the ingredients tastier.
It's really good.
It's this taste.
If the customers want to eat it on the spot, they can do it at the Poirot.
And if they want to take it with them, they can buy it in their own oven, with their own bread.
I think it's a good solution for both businesses.
Thank you very much indeed.
I'll try to come up with a bread that will stay soft and fluffy longer
so that the taste of the sandwich will be as close as possible to your
and maintain the Poirot's good sandwich reputation.
Good.
Perfect, thank you very much.
But, Toru, if you want to use the Poirot's name...
you should ask the manager for permission first, shouldn't you?
-Excuse me for a moment.
- (mobile)
- (Vermouth) "Hello, Bourbon."
-Hello?
Soc at Toru's.
Oh!
(thinks) "La Vermouth."
"I know you've been doing some checking in secret lately."
I don't know what you're talking about.
What checks?
"If I knew what it was about, I wouldn't call you, would I?"
No, I guess you wouldn't.
"Look, you better watch out, pretty boy. I know they've been watching you for a while."
And can you tell me who it is?
Can't you tell me?
-Huh?
- "De en Gin."
I read the Kyon shona's blog.
What are you looking at, on your cell phone, for so long?
There's something that's been bothering me a little bit.
The Kyon told Saya that she would make her blog a secret public?
Yes.
I demand you to open the door of the room!
Yeah, but I don't know if...
Kyon, is it here?
Aaaaah !!!!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The case of the locked room of the actress blogger (part one) '."

