-Concentri s, doctor.
-Mmm...
-Mm-hm.
-I trust you.
(Agasa, thinks) "Come on!"
-Mm!
-Oh!
We have a winner!
And the prize is two invitations to the pastry buffet
at the Beika West Hotel!
- (shouts of joy)
- (applause)
Let's congratulate the winner!
(Conan's voice) "The feeling that we have always carried in our hearts
makes us take flight towards the twentieth anniversary."
"The comments you write on the blog are not sweet as sugar..."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The case of the locked room of the actress blogger.
(Part One)"
- (Genta) That looks good!
- (Matsuhiko) How nice!
- (Matsuhiko) How cool!
Ha-ha!
- (Ayumi) I'd eat it all!
There are a lot of cakes and they're all different!
Listen, sure we can eat as many as we want?
Sure, it's a free pastry buffet.
You can be happy now, you've been very lucky, in the raffle.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yes, but... what we really wanted to win was the lot...
with a selection of prime veal steaks.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-Gosh, I'm sorry about that, then.
Ha-ha-ha!
How's it going.
(Shinichi, thinks) "A pastry buffet!"
"I'm sure if the Ran knows, she'll be very jealous."
"Better not tell her anything."
See how many cupcakes I have!
You mean you haven't taken any pastries, Genta?
I will also n'agafaré.
-Two at the most, sorry.
-Eh?! -But-but...
But-but... but why?
Okay..., only two.
(Shinichi voice) Mm?
What about you?
What about you?
Aren't you going to tell me about that policeman?
You're going to send me a photo in case I remembered seeing him.
The one who was a little scary.
Ah, Hyoue Kuroda, from the Nagano police?
Well, look, he said a lot of things that were a bit suspicious,
but in the end it seems that he said them expressly
in order to catch the culprit of the crimes.
But it made me a little uneasy, that he had so much information about me.
He makes deductions by looking at the facts from another point of view
and that helps him interpret clues and solve cases.
He is Sleeping Kogoro's source of wisdom.
Or at least that's the rumor going around the police department.
It's Conan Edogawa.
But we're lucky that he's the chief of the Nagano police.
I don't think we meet him very often.
So there's no need for us to worry at all.
Well..., I hope you're right.
(Children) Bon appetit, everyone!
-Yes, they are delicious!
So good!
Genta, eat slowly, man, they'll still hurt you!
If I don't hurry, maybe in a while there won't be any left.
(Conan voice) How can you not be tip?
What is this?
Where did it come from?
It's a helicopter!
Oh!
It's that remote-controlled Falcon that is now so fashionable!
Where did it come from?
I don't see a child.
Excuse me!
I hope it didn't hurt you, pretty boy.
What's that?
No...
I just bought this remote-controlled helicopter
at the store here in front of the hotel,
but when I started it up, it just shot off, I couldn't control it.
Wow!
Excuse me, but aren't you a very famous actress?
You are Saya Kitami, from the movie "Gomera"!
Yes, the enemy monster sucked her blood and dried her out.
Xxxt!
Don't call so much, please, if possible.
Nobody knows I'm here and I don't want the news to spread.
I'm going to get you another cupcake like this one
and then we'll take a picture together.
Ah, how nice!
You've always had very few scruples, you.
I'm sure this kind of thing

you make them expressly to be seen and gain followers.
Then you will take a picture of yourself and post it on your blog right away.
And you will see how the title will be:
"Hanging out with the kids I met at the bakery buffet",
or something like that.
No, you're wrong.
I didn't mean to, and you know it.
Gee, isn't it Kyon shona and Saya Kitami, those two?
No way!
I've always heard that they couldn't stand each other.
It seems that lately they've been having some sort of competition
to see who has the most popular blog.
And I understand that they decided that the one who lost would be shaved to zero.
-Really?
-What?
To zero?
Look, you don't need to make an effort, because I'm sure I'll win.
Don't run so fast, you can't know that yet.
Oh, can't you?
This means... you're not up to date with anything.
Have you visited my blog lately?
Do you know that I know one of your secrets?
If you don't want me to make it public,
I'd be quick to raise the white flag of surrender if I were you.
Besides, short hair doors,
so shaving your tea to zero won't cost you that much either.
You are cruel.
-But...
-I'm going to the bedroom.
Didn't you just tell me you wanted to take a picture of yourself eating a cake?
No, not anymore.
I don't want to take the same kind of picture as her.
It would be falling too low.
Go buy what I asked for.
Yes, right away.
Ah...
Gee, we've met before, haven't we?
Isn't that Sakurako?
What a surprise, to find her here!
Conan?
Gee, boy!
The last time we met, she was working as a maid.
Yes, that's true, but Kyon's manager got the flu,
and the agency where I work told them they wanted a maid for a few days,
until her manager could get back to work.
But there's something a little weird.
What's up?
Why are they staying at the same hotel, these two?
You're right, because they don't seem to get along at all.
Ah, it's just that they seem to be using this hotel...
as a set for a drama series that's going to air this spring,
and the two of them will play a couple of heroines.
Yes, I had already heard that.
It's the "Top Class" series, right?
It got very good reviews, they're doing a second season.
-Hey, what's the series about?
-Ah!
It's about two women who show themselves as they are
while they try to crush each other by all means.
Would you like to see it?
It's very good.
-Aaa...
-Well... I don't think so.
Oh.
(Sakurako) Well, guys, I'm off.
I have to go buy four things for Kyon.
Hey, listen.
When you've brought her what she ordered,
could you come to my room for a moment?
It's room 504.
I'd like to talk to you about something related to the Kyon.
Oh, sure..., so much.
See you later, then.
By the way, Conan..., what do you look at, the cell phone, so long?
I read the blog of the Kyon shona.
There is something that surprised me a little.
The Kyon told the Saya that she would make public a secret in her blog,
or I don't know what.
Yes..., that's why I'm looking at her, but I can't find anything.
She's just playing with a dog....,
showing off her favorite comics...
or pretending she's cooking.
But I don't see any secrets anywhere, no matter how hard I look.
Here we are!
May I know what this is?
If I'm not mistaken, the toothbrush was supposed to be superfine!
I-I'm really sorry, it was the only one they had.
I'll try my luck at another store right now.
Look, it doesn't matter.
We start shooting at 6 o'clock, wake me up at 5 o'clock, okay?
-Yeah, sure... -You got it.
-I need to take a nap.
And above all, don't let me down,
because if someone other than you wakes me up, I won't open the door!
And at 5 o'clock sharp, not a minute earlier, not a minute later!
Do you understand me?
Perfectly.
Ah!
Oh...
Let's see, room 504..., room 504...
Here, it's here.
Eh?
A drawing of a heart?
-I'm sorry, how bad it tastes. -Ah!
-Ah!
Oh, what a pain!
Did you hurt yourself?
-No, I'm fine, don't worry...
-It was nothing, right?
By the way, there's a note on the door.
Mm?
What's that?
It must be from some do.
Hey, what was it you wanted to say?

What...?
It doesn't matter, it's not important now.
See you later.
What?!
(Genta) Phew, now I can't take it anymore!
-For dinner?
-What shall we eat for dinner?
You mean you don't eat a little too much, Genta?
I tell you it's not normal, really!
I demand you to open the door of the room!
Yeah, but I don't know if...
What's wrong, Sakurako?
What's the problem?
Oh, hello, Conan!
I've called the Kyon's room a bunch of times.
What's wrong?
There's no way she'll open up!
Well, I... I don't have a very good feeling about that.
Hello, Saya.
Luckily I wasn't supposed to shoot any sequences today,
but the Kyon should start here half an hour or so.
And she needs time for make-up.
It's long overdue for a process.
You see?
Please take the master key and open the door right away!
Understood.
-You'll still be late for filming! -Kyona, it's me!
-Kyona, it's me!
Is anything wrong?
Kyon, where is it?
Answer me, please!
She told me to wake her up at 5 o'clock!
Kyon, is this it?
Aaaah...!
What happened?
Ah...!
Hurry, call the ambulance and the police!
What's wrong?
Yes, right away.
(Shinichi, thinks) "This is..."
Look, Conan, isn't it the card to open the door?
Then there's something strange.
Mm-hm.
The door doesn't close automatically, the key is needed.
How do you represent that he has done it, the killer, to close it?
(Shinichi, think) "A murder in a locked room."
"Mm? What is that white stuff?"
"Is it cream? That means..."
"It can't be that the murderer..."
But who-who could it have been?
Who could have done such a terrible thing?!
"Maybe..."
(Sakurako) Yes, indeed.
She asked me to wake her up at 5 o'clock,
but I called for a long time and nothing.
That's why I went down to the reception and asked them
to please come up and open the door.
This bellboy escorted me up here and opened it with a master key.
I ran into the room and looked for him everywhere,
and in the end I found him here, lying on the floor,
and with all this blood that you see.
Okay, thank you very much.
Sakurako, weren't you a maid the last time we met?
Yes, you're right, but the Kyon's manager got sick...
and they've asked for a maid until she can come back.
What I didn't expect was that something like this would happen to me again at work.
Maybe it's true that I bring misfortune wherever I go!
No, woman, no!
(Megure, thinks) "In any case, more than her, it would be Conan,
because, every time something happens, he's always in the way."
Eh?
"He sure carries bad luck."
Takagi, do we already know the approximate time of death?
Between 4:30 and 5:00 p.m., approximately.
The coroner confirms that he has been nailed several times in the head
with some object, it is not very well known what.
But there is something very strange.
It is true that the card used to open the door,
which has no automatic lock, was found here on the floor?
Well...
Well..., yes.
So it's a case of murder in a locked room.
But there's one detail that doesn't fit me at all,
because the Kyon has taken care to make it clear to me
that she wouldn't open the door to anyone but me,
and she asked me to wake her up at 5 o'clock to go shooting.
I don't understand how she opened the door, to tell you the truth.
Did you tell her that you would not open the door to anyone but yourself?
It's rare for someone to say something like that, isn't it?
-A stalker.
-Yes, I think so too.
Maybe you don't know this, but once, a few months ago,
she was attacked by a man in a hotel posing as staff.
That's why since then she wouldn't let anyone into her room,
even if it was someone she knew, if they hadn't made an appointment beforehand.
Yes, it's true, I remember reading about it in a magazine.
It's true that celebrities don't have an easy life.
By the way, you are also an actress, aren't you?
Yes, that's right, it's Saya Kitami,
who had to act with Kyon in the same TV series.
That's why you are also here, because the hotel serves as a film set.

I heard at the front desk that Kyon did not open the door of the room
and I was surprised, so I went upstairs with Sakurako to see what was going on.
I never thought that we would find her on the ground there....
Well, we should check the room from top to bottom, down to the last corner.
The ones who found the corpse,
Saya Kitami, Sakurako and Conan,
wait in Miss Kitami's room.
-All right, inspector.
-(Man) Yes.
(Man) Saya, are the rumors true?
Have you found the Kyon dead in her room?
Yes.
Now the police have gone to see if they can find any clues.
It can't be, I don't believe it!
-You idiot!
We're not shooting anything today.
-And what will we do with today's shooting?
In fact, neither today nor ever, surely.
Tell my make-up artist that she can go home now, please.
I beg your pardon?
I don't understand why you made him come, your make-up artist.
-What do you think?
-What do you think?
Because today we had to record all the sequences
in which Kyon and Saya met again at the hotel.
Oh, really?
Then her comment from before doesn't make any sense.
What do you mean by that?
Earlier, when we were in the hotel lobby,
she said she didn't have any sequences today.
But now, knowing that she did have to shoot,
it may seem that he already knew that the shooting would end up being suspended.
No, and now!
I must have been confused.
You mean you've made a mess of the days?
Yes, of course, it happens, doesn't it?
Ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I'm sure she's the murderer."
"The problem is the card that was in the room."
"If one wanted to lock the door from the outside,
then you could push it under the door."
"But no matter how hard you push, you wouldn't get that far,
to the back of the room, where we found it."
"Maybe she's used the toy helicopter. But how?"
"And, above all, how did he get it to get into the room?
"Knowing that Kyon had insisted that he wouldn't open the door for anyone
other than Sakurako?"
"Besides, everyone knows that the two of them don't have a very good relationship."
"Be that as it may, I'm still missing pieces....
to be able to reconstruct the whole puzzle."
By the way, this room is right below the Kyon's room, right?
Eh?
Because, if I'm not mistaken, the Kyon's was 604, right?
Yeah..., it's the one above it, yeah.
Wow!
The room layout is pretty much the same.
Yes.
Come to think of it, what was that stuck to the door?
Nothing, it turns out it was a joke from a fan.
A what?
What are they talking about?
There was a very curious envelope
taped to the door of Saya's room.
What kind of envelope?
It just said nothing, there was just a black heart drawn on it.
It was taped just below the peephole of the door.
Oh yeah?
Excuse me, would you like something to drink?
I can fix you something simple.
And I'll have a black tea, if you don't mind.
Yes, I'd like an iced coffee.
Okay, very well.
(Sakurako) It's great, isn't it,
that they let them stay in such a big, luxurious room during filming?
Part of the reason for filming here is to advertise the hotel.
And we were offered these rooms because we were the two main characters.
But now that the shooting has had to be suspended,
I guess tomorrow I'll have to leave the hotel
and go back to my usual apartment.
Yes, I can't help it.
Conan, can you tell me what you've been staring at for so long?
What are you looking at?
I look at Saya's blog.
And it's obvious that it's very different from Kyon's.
Different, how?
Well, to begin with, I have seen that Kyon's blog,
she appears in all the photos in one way or another.
On the other hand, in Saya's blog, there are practically no pictures of her.
There are some, but few, and always from far away.
Unlike Kyon, I don't like to post pictures to advertise myself.
If anyone wants to see, you can look at the movies and series I do.
Ah...
By the way, can you tell me what you have done with that?
With the toy Falcon.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?

The helicopter that blew up the pastry buffet.
Wha...?
Lo?
Well, look...
I didn't know how to use it, I didn't master it, and I threw it away.
What a pity!
Oh, what a pity!
What?
Make it fly together?
Now we can't fly it together.
They are already here!
(Door, bell: ding-dong)
I present to you my friends.
(All) Good afternoon everyone!
I can tell them to come in, can't I?
Look, Conan, I bought you the helicopter you asked for.
But it costs a lot to fly, eh?
Ah, thank you.
It doesn't fly as well as we thought.
It takes a lot of technique to fly it well.
Let me try.
(All) Oh...!
It's no big deal.
Wow, you're really good at it!
It's not that hard either.
(All) What happened?
It's stuck in the air vent.
I need a stick... a long stick.
Thank you very much.
It's got one.
If you blow it in here, it'll get stuck again.
You're absolutely right.
Why don't you go out in the open?
We went out for a while to fly the helicopter.
Can you tell the police I've been out for a while?
Hey, wait!
What? What? What? What?
How'd it go?
Well, no, not yet.
Do you know how he could have locked the door?
But I think I know how he got in and what the murder weapon was.
What?!
So it's true that it was Saya who killed Kyon?
What are you saying?
Yes..., I have no more doubts.
She looks like a very nice person.
Often appearances can be deceiving, you should know that.
For example, the woman who was murdered,
at first she seemed brazen, unpleasant and vulgar,
but then, if you look at her blog,
you can see that she had a sensitive side and was very meticulous.
Eh?
What makes you think that?
What did you see?
I noticed that she had her nail polishes sorted by number,
although they were of a brand that you can only see the number if you turn the bottle.
(Shinichi, think) "Eh? Wait a minute..."
"So, that picture..."
"Right..., this will be the secret I had discovered."
"But why would someone commit murder for such a little thing?"
"Wait a minute..., wait a minute!"
"In English, this would be..."
"Sure, I've got it! Now I get it all!"
"I've already figured out why the Saya has been practically forced to
kill the Kyon shona!"
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh!"
Eh?
Do you use the rice cooker?
"Sure..., now I understand."
"The assassin hasn't used it because of what is originally thought."
"So she could leave the room locked."
If she goes to the door and looks through the peephole,
you'll soon understand how the murderer managed to get into the room.
Mm!
(Door: doorbell)
But who is it now?
Eh?
It's Dr. Agasa!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'The case of the locked room of the actress blogger.
(Part Two)'."

