"Dr. Agasa has won an invitation
"To go to a pastry buffet at the Beika West Hotel
and has invited us."
"There we meet two very famous actresses,
"Saya Kitami and Kyon shona,
who are openly competing to have the blog with the most followers."
"At the time he had asked to be woken up,
"The Kyon doesn't open the door to the room.
"And Sakurako Yonehara, very worried,
asks a bellboy to open the door with the master key."
Kyon, it's me.
Is anything wrong?
You'll be late for filming, though.
Oh!
Kyon, where is it?
Answer, please!
Kyon, is this it?
Is it?
Oh!
Aaaaah!
What happened?
What happened?
Hurry, call an ambulance and the police.
Eh?
Yes, right away.
"This is..."
Look, Conan, isn't that the card to open the door?
Mm-hm.
Then there's something strange.
The door doesn't lock automatically, you need the key.
Eh?
How do you represent that he's done it, the murderer, to close it?
(thinks) "A murder in a locked room."
"What's that white stuff?"
"Is it cream? That means..."
But who... who could it have been?
Who could have done such a terrible thing?
(She cries)
"Maybe..."
"The feeling that we have always carried in our hearts
makes us take flight towards the twentieth anniversary."
"The key elements of this murder
are a toy and a peculiar object."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Kawaita tsumetai kaze hari no you ni Sting.
Shin to shita kuuki no naka haru ga hajimaru.
Tobitatsu tame no Hane hobo haesoroi.
Mada Kurai sora wo mito Mayoi wo Suteru.
Jikan wa Kizu wo Iyasu tte koto
wasureru koro Shiru Darou.
Atarimae no koto dakedo uno yo.
Subete wa style tobikata Shidai
Kawara wa dare ni mo yarasu na.
Sono me ni utsuru Sekai ga Subete tono y uno nara.
Chigau basho mito mimashou
marude shiranai koto darake.
Etai no shirenai osore ya taikutsu mo.
Hitotsu zutsu koete yuku
sueldo Yatte shiagatte kuru.
Daijoubu, boku wa kimi wo wasurenai.
Kimi wo wasurenai.
"The case of the locked room of the actress blogger (part two)."
What?
How did it go?
Have you figured out how she did it to close the door yet?
Well, no, not yet.
But I do know how she got in and what the murder weapon was.
What?!
So is it true that it was Saya who killed Kyon?
What are you saying?
Yes, I have no more doubts.
She looks like a very nice person.
Often appearances can be deceiving, you should know that.
For example, the woman who was killed,
at first she seemed brazen, unpleasant and vulgar,
but then, if you look at her blog,
you see that she also had a sensitive side and was very meticulous.
Eh?
What makes you think that?
What did you see?
I noticed that she had her nail polishes sorted by number,
although they were of a brand that you can only see the number if you turn the bottle.
"Eh? Wait a minute... So, that picture."
Oh.
"Right. This will be the secret I had discovered."
"But why would anyone commit murder over such a little thing?"
"Wait a minute,
Wait a minute."
"In English... that would be..."
(Guts: snore)
-Oh.
(Guts: snore) -Huh?
I'm starting to get a little hungry.
How can that be?
Again?
A moment ago you said you were fed up and you couldn't eat anymore!
Doctor Agasa, can we find something to eat?
And you mean it's no good for you to go home and eat properly?
Yes, I'd like to, but it turns out that my parents have gone to a meeting at the galleys today...
have gone to a meeting at the shopping malls
and they've already told me they won't be home until late.
Besides, my mother gets angry and scolds me when she sees me eating dough.
Couldn't we nibble on a pastry?
But you've eaten a lot of pastries!
Haven't you had enough?
My goodness, I've never met anyone as greedy as you.
Would you like some cheesecake?
As I was planning to make it tomorrow morning,
I had bought all the ingredients and I can make it now, if necessary.
Gee, that's nice!
I'm very sorry, but your court will eat it for breakfast.

What do you say?
For breakfast?
Oh...
Something.
You mean it won't take long to make, the cheesecake?
Not that long.
I can have it done in 30 or 40 minutes, if I use the rice cooker.
-Yeah. -Yeah.
-Huh? -Yeah.
You use the rice cooker?
The rice cooker is not just for making rice,
as most people think.
You can also make delicious cakes, you'll see.
"Sure, now I understand."
"The murderer hasn't used it for what it's originally intended."
"So she was able to leave the room locked
and hide the mistake of her past."
(Takagi) Admittedly, this case is full of mysteries.
The victim has made it very clear that she would not open the door to anyone
other than her assistant, Sakurako Yonehara.
But, even so, it is not clear to us how,
someone has managed to get in and brutally murdered him.
The doors of the hotel rooms do not lock automatically,
but the key card was on the floor, far away from the door,
and we have no idea how the murderer has managed
to get out and leave the door locked.
In addition, we still have not been able to find the weapon...
he used to kill the victim,
which must have been some kind of long object.
The only thing we know so far
is that the victim is a very popular television actress,
Miss Kyon shona, and that this will cause quite a media stir.
Do you want us to ask the superintendent what we should do?
Maybe we should.
We call him, he goes.
(Door: doorbell)
I have no idea.
Who will it be now?
(Doorbell)
That yes, that yes, a little patience.
Hm?
Dr. Agasa?
But what does he want?
We are working.
Conan?
How can it be?
And where... where is Dr. Agasa?
Well, look, since you ask,
right now Dr. Agasa is waiting for you in room 504.
It's the murderer's room, which is just below this one.
Room 504, which is just below this one?
You must be referring to actress Saya Kitami's room, right?
Listen to me carefully, Conan.
Yes, that's right.
It seems to me that you haven't quite understood
that the room was locked and that, therefore, it can't be...
Hm?
Inspector Megure!
I just spoke to the superintendent and he gave me orders.
He told me to do what he says in Conan.
What?
What?
(I demand an explanation right now.
How can it be that they accuse me of killing the Kyon?
What proof do you have?
As far as I know, the card was inside the room, which was locked.
Yes or no?
And it has become clear that the Kyon had said, before going to take a nap,
that she would only open the door for Sakurako.
If there is any suspicious person, it should be her, precisely.
Yeah, I'm not saying no, really, but... Dr. Agasa...
(Door: doorbell)
If you go to the door and look through the peephole, you will immediately understand
how the murderer got into the room.
(Doorbell)
It seems unbelievable!
But who is it now?
Eh?
It's Dr. Agasa?!
But... but it can't be!
I-I don't understand.
I admit that I am very puzzled.
Can someone explain to me what's going on here?
Surprise!
Eh?
Yes, we've got it all mixed up, haven't we?
Well!
Let's see, wait a minute.
Surely you didn't expect it, did you?
It was you, the ones who called?
Yes, exactly.
A while ago we recorded a video of Dr. Agasa with our cell phone,
and now we've put the cell phone in front of the peephole and played it.
(They laugh)
What?
So the Dr. Agasa that I saw before also...
Yes, indeed.
(Agasa's voice) We were quite sure about it,
that's why I told Conan to test it before.
And so we have been able to demonstrate what the Saya has done
to enter the room of the Kyon.
Now I understand.
The suspect had previously recorded images of Sakurako with her cell phone
and used them
to get the Kyon to open the door to the room.
No, that's impossible.
Because I assure you that until today, I had never seen her, Sakurako.
Therefore, I have not had any opportunity to videotape her.

-Yes, it's true.
-Am I right or not?
By the way, Sakurako,
when Saya asked you to go to her room,
you said that there was something stuck to the door, right?
Right?
Yes, in fact... there was an envelope.
That's right.
What was it?
There was an envelope?
I saw that it was a long envelope with a black heart painted on it.
"It was stuck under the peephole in the door and it caught my eye."
When I asked him what it was,
he told me it was a joke from one of his fans.
It turns out that inside that envelope was Saya's cell phone.
There is a hole in the shape of a heart
and then the cell phone is put inside
so that the camera lens would fit inside the silhouette of the heart.
And before you arrived, she set it to record.
"So, when you rang the doorbell and you waited for it to open...
and you waited for it to open, it was able to record your image."
Keep in mind that both the Kyon's room and the Saya's room are al
and Saya's room are at the end of the corridor,
so the background of the video would look exactly the same.
This is ridiculous... And what about the card?
It was next to the corpse, in the bedroom, which is further in the background.
The doors of this hotel do not close automatically.
Let's see if you can explain to me how I managed to get out of the room
and leave the door locked.
You probably used the remote-controlled toy helicopter
that you've flown before in the bakery buffet room.
What?
What helicopter are you talking about?
Hm?
Could I borrow the card for this room?
Yes, you have it.
First of all,
you hook a very long string with duct tape to the rotor shaft,
located at the back of the helicopter.
Then you hook a second string to the main rotor
and the other end you stick on a piece of adhesive tape
which will be used to attach the card
which is used to open the door to the room.
And then you put the helicopter on the bedroom floor,
you hook it gently so that it holds well, and that's it.
Finally, you take the two cords,
run them under the gap in the door,
out of the room and out you go.
Then all you have to do is lock the door,
pass the card under the door and start the helicopter.
Come on, I'll let you guys finish up.
I'll leave you to finish.
All right, then you can start the helicopter.
The card is ready.
-Perfect. -Okay.
Let's go, then.
-Okay, Conan.
It's on.
Watch closely.
When the helicopter starts up, the string is screwed to the rotor stick
and the card slides smoothly through the space under the doorway
into the bedroom.
When the rotor has screwed the entire string on,
the card detaches from the adhesive due to the impact and falls to the floor.
and falls to the floor.
Admittedly, this is an ingenious method.
Sure, now I get it.
Surprising.
Instead of flying the helicopter,
you just used it to screw the string to the helicopter's rotor.
Exactly.
And finally, all you have to do...
is to stretch the string attached to the tail of the helicopter from the outside.
Come on, you can stretch the string at any time.
OK.
This way, the helicopter lifts off the ground....
and glides across the carpet to the entrance of the room.
And when it hits the door, if you pull with all your strength...
That's it.
See?
That's how we get the string back and that's it.
Gee, you're absolutely right, kid.
And the clearest proof of all is the cream that was on the floor,
not far from the card;
you remember, don't you?
Hm?
Yes, it's true.
I racked my brains for an explanation and in the end I deduced
that there was still cream on the helicopter's landing skid.
A cream that came from the pastry that Genta was eating at the buffet,
which is where it ended up before the Saya's helicopter.
But listen, Conan, if the thing had gone like that,
the helicopter would still be in the room, right?
Yes, that's why Saya dropped the cap...
when she entered the Kyon's room.
It is a detail that has not escaped my attention.
This is what she disguised by pretending that she dropped it to the ground
when she left it on the coat rack.

If he had put double-sided tape inside his cap, the helicopter would have been
the helicopter would have been hooked.
And the cap is still the coat rack.
If we look at it, it's possible we could still find it.
Hm?
Inside the cap should be
the Falcon he used to commit this crime.
Oh!
And the string is still attached to the rotor.
No, it isn't!
It seems there is no longer any doubt.
Hm?
Will you believe me, please.
The-the double-sided tape I put on it a while back
to keep my cap from blowing off in the wind.
Exactly, that's right.
And the helicopter must have gotten stuck by accident
when I wanted to hang it up and it fell to the ground.
Then why did it get on the tablet right away?
-Oh.
-Huh?
Hm?
Earlier, when the helicopter drone got stuck...
in the air conditioning grill
did you jump up on the tablet right away to get it?
Oh!
Gee, you're doing great.
It's no big deal.
It's not that hard either.
What happened to it?
It's stuck in the air vent.
I need... a stick... a long stick.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
You have one.
It was brought to my attention
because there were glasses and cups on the table, which are very fragile,
and any other person wouldn't have climbed up.
Well, it was because...
Besides, I also noticed... there was a selfie stick right there.
A selfie stick?
(Takagi) That's right.
It's a kind of stick that allows you to place your cell phone on a point
and take a picture of yourself very easily.
It's very practical and very popular
because if you extend it, it allows you to take pictures of yourself from a certain distance.
Eh?
But, if used improperly, it can also be a weapon.
If we go to the Kyon's blog we will see
that there are a lot of photos and selfies made by her,
but, on the other hand, in the Saya's blog, it's surprising,
but there are none.
That's why it's not difficult for me to come to the conclusion
that this selfie stick is that of Kyon.
Could you explain it to us in a convincing way, Miss Kitami?
We would like to know how it is possible
that the selfie stick of the Kyon is in her room
and, on top of that, it is stained with blood.
Hm?
I think it's pretty obvious, don't you find?
Because that evil witch had found out what my secret was.
I used the stick I had in the room...
to silence forever that smug, ill-mannered loudmouth.
You can see for yourself.
What?
Your secret?
That bad bitch had the nerve
to post my secret on her blog.
While pretending
she presented her favorite comic book collections.
Excuse me, but where is the secret?
Right behind it are the comics titled "Hit and run of love",
don't you see?
"Hit and run" is an English term used in baseball,
but it also means...
To run someone over and run away.
This right here, you've translated it well.
It was all a couple of years ago.
I'm going to run over a person unintentionally,
a man who was drunk and stood in the middle of the street.
I've been hiding it all this time, but that stuck-up woman....
And on top of that she had the nerve to tell me to my face when I came in.
(Door: doorbell)
Sakurako, you woke me up an hour early.
What's the matter?
What's wrong?
Saya, what are you doing?
-I have no idea.
-Where is Sakurako?
What are you doing in my room?
-Don't worry.
-Nothing, I just came!
So what?
You don't need to shout so much.
I know what's going on.
I know what's going on.
From the look on your face, you must have figured out the message...
hidden in the picture of me with the comics.
So what, then?
What are you going to do?
Do you give up and accept that my blog is the most popular one
or do you prefer to let the information I have out in the open?
I'm sure the shaved head will work in your favor more than you think.
And maybe you'll get a lot of offers to play the Buddhist nun.
I'm sure you'll become even more famous than you are now,
and it'll all be thanks to yours truly.
You should be grateful.
Hahaha!
- (body: falls to the ground)
- (thump)
(gasps)
I'm sorry, but I don't think the Kyon knew,
this hit-and-run thing she told us about.
-Huh?
-She had no idea.
But... but then the photo, what?

She herself told me that the comics hid the secret.
Yes, but the key was not the comics you think,
the ones with the title "Hit and run of love",
but the ones on the side, the ones titled "Pending on you".
The Kyon was a very meticulous woman
and it was the only collection that was not arranged in order.
Also, volume 11 was repeated.
If you keep the order that they have and the number of each volume
is assigned the corresponding character of the Japanese alphabet and volume 29 is left as the number of the volume.
and leave volume 29 as the number,
one can read the secret they hide: "The Saya is 29 years old".
Oh!
There is the message.
This is the secret hidden in that photo.
A simple sentence to reveal that she was 5 years older than she said she was.
No... it can't be...
But because she was so obsessed
with that tragic episode in her past,
she could only see the words "hit and run".
For those who understand, in baseball terminology,
it refers to a slightly risky play.
Unfortunately for you, however,
in your case the play didn't work out for you.
(Cries)
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
By the way, Dr. Agasa, you solved the case in an extraordinary way.
It was nothing, man.
I am very grateful to you.
Hahaha!
(Takagi) What?
(Takagi) By the way, Conan...
You have many times hidden.
I didn't know, you knew the superintendent.
(Takagi) Eh?
You mean the chief of the first investigation division,
Superintendent Matsumoto?
- (man) Congratulations.
-No, the new one.
I was convinced you'd help them solve the case.
And I wasn't wrong.
(man) Oh!
Eh?
After all,
everyone knows you're Kogoro Mouri's fountain of wisdom.
Oh...
About that, excuse me, who are you?
My name is Hyoue Kuroda,
I've just been appointed chief of the first investigation division
of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police
and I'm Superintendent Matsumoto's replacement.
It is a pleasure to meet you.
How do you do?
Gee, what a polite and formal man!
Nice to meet you too, Mr. Kuroda.
I can't deny that I'm very happy to see you again, Conan.
Aaaaah !!!!
-Oh, so much!
-There's no such thing as aliens.
My father told me before he died.
An alien!
Somebody help me!
Aaaah!
I'm beginning to think this case is not as simple as it seemed.
All right, now it's our turn to enter the scene.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'An alien that doesn't look like one at all'."

