(Crow: cawing)
It seems to me...
that we will have no choice but to make it disappear from the map, in the end.
The problem will be later, with the body.
We will have to hide it.
If he wants to make it disappear and not be found by anyone, take it into the forest...
and bury it somewhere inaccessible.
Yes, I suppose you're right.
But I'm too big to do it.
You can count on me.
I can get rid of the body.
You'll be doing me a favor.
May you rest in peace,
Motoko Kawaguchi.
(Squawks)
(Man) Look, I'd like you to look for Motoko Kawaguchi.
It's my promise.
She disappeared 3 days ago without a trace.
I've called her a thousand times, but she won't pick up the phone.
Haruki Toriumi, right?
-Actually, yes.
-From -From the Toriumi Financial Group?
Well, someday I'll inherit the family fortune.
I mean, you're the son of a rich family and your future is secure.
Yes.
But now, what does that matter?
I got engaged to her because I fell in love at first sight.
For an ordinary office worker,
it's obvious that it would have been a very beneficial marriage.
It's impossible that she decided to give all this up and ran away.
I'm convinced that Motoko has gotten herself into some trouble!
"A black cloth splattered with crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"A vanished promise."
"A macabre conversation as the sun sets."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The missing promise."
Hm...
I don't know either.
What mess was he referring to?
Eh?
B-but what are you doing here?
He-he!
I have several school holidays.
Eh?
Is that where the girl lived?
Oh.
Hey.
Come here, don't get ahead of me.
3 days ago, in the evening, I got a call from Miss Kawaguchi.
It was to tell me that she had decided to change apartments
and that, for a number of reasons, she couldn't say where she was going.
She told me that she would send a moving truck in the apartment to pick up her things.
to pick up her things.
And the next day, just as he had told me, a mover came.
And he took absolutely everything, as far as I can see.
He emptied the apartment.
The mover was a normal guy, he didn't look suspicious to me.
When he finished, he came to see me and gave me back the key.
She had left it with him and asked him to give it back to me.
Yeah, but that's what moving in without the tenant is...
Yes, you're right, it's not usual.
All cleared up.
Sorry for the inconvenience, Mrs. Okubo.
They say the same thing at work.
It seems that in his head he also phoned you 3 days ago, at night,
and told him she was quitting.
It's strange, especially since he had had all day to tell her.
She seems to have disappeared all of a sudden, the Motoko Kawaguchi.
She left home and quit her job.
I don't know what the hell would happen to her.
About it... What about Motoko?
As far as I know, Motoko Kawaguchi has moved to another apartment.
What?
She didn't tell me anything, 3 days ago.
3 days ago?!
I am a private detective, my name is Kogoro Mouri.
My name is Kumi Suda and I am a friend of Motoko.
So, is it true, what you say?
You talked to Motoko 3 days ago?
Yes, we met in the evening at the center.
And do you remember if she was nervous or upset that day?
What?
Miss Kawaguchi disappeared that night
and she hasn't seen anyone since.
Ah... Well, I'd say that when I met her, she was as usual.
"She told me very happily that she was going to see Shigemi Terakado."
Shigemi Terakado?
She is a friend who lives in Beika Residence.
She is an old lady who is alone,
and Motoko keeps her company from time to time.

Hey, does that mean that Motoko disappeared...
after she went to see this lady?
First of all, what we need to do is to talk to Mrs. Terakado.
She might be the last person to see Motoko.
(Door: doorbell)
I hope this woman can give us some clue.
Yes.
But listen, why don't you go and play?
Hello.
What would you like?
Is this Mrs. Shigemi Terakado?
My name is Kogoro Mouri and I'm a private detective.
A detective?
I'd like to ask you a few questions about Motoko Kawaguchi,
if you don't mind.
Ah.
The Motoko, oh so much.
I know her very well.
I owe her my life.
In fact, it's been a year since I met her.
-N-not long, no.
-What's wrong with her?
You're not feeling well?
I'm dizzy.
I get dizzy sometimes.
It must be your age.
You must not live far from here.
Would you like me to come with you?
Eh?
Hehe!
Since that day, she comes to keep me company from time to time.
And I thank her for it.
Come to think of it, it must be exactly a month since the last time.
Didn't he come 3 days ago?
(teapot: whistling)
Hm?
It's the water, it's already boiling.
-N-no.
-Don't you need anything else?
So, the girl had to change her plans at the last minute.
She got a little nervous
when you told her you were a private detective, right?
Yes.
It's not clear water, no.
(Woman) Alza!
But if it's the famous detective Kogoro Mouri, right?
-You see?
I already thought so.
-Yes, I am Kogoro Mouri.
I understand there's a young lady who comes to see the neighbor from time to time.
Yes, that's right.
A girl named Motoko?
If I'm not mistaken, she came 3 days ago, in the evening.
Was that so?
It was true, then.
She came.
So, how come she told us not to?
It's been a long time since that girl was such a headache
for poor Mrs. Terakado.
She told us that she saved her life and that she is very grateful to her.
At first, yes.
But lately, every time she comes, she demands that you give her money.
What?
I think it was last week...
Who has she taken me for, this witch?
One of these days, I'll teach her the lesson she deserves.
Oh!
Oh, I have to go throw out the garbage.
Looks like she couldn't stand her, Motoko, then.
Besides, she didn't want to tell us that Motoko came to see her 3 days ago.
The case is crystal clear.
Hm.
By the way, Mrs. Terakado.
I'm sorry for asking you every now and then,
but it's getting close to payday.
(Knock)
The problem is that we have no way to prove it.
Hm.
And we don't know how he got rid of the body either.
I don't think he's had it at home for 3 days.
But a woman that big can't drag a corpse.
Hm?
This guy is a friend of Mrs. Terakado's.
-He told me he was a carrier.
-You know him, then?
Carrier?
My goodness, I'm such a chatterbox.
Hehehe!
This neighbor is a very timely source of information.
Eh?
"No. The neighbor is not enough."
Yes, it's him.
I'm sure it is.
He's the boy who came to pick up Miss Kawaguchi's things.
Ah...
I thought so.
But, Mr. Mouri...
I've already found him.
I've solved the case.
Shigemi Terakado killed Motoko Kawaguchi,
who was extorting money from her.
She then made two calls posing as her victim.
"She called the landlady to announce that she was moving,
and then called her boss to tell him she was folding."
"That way, no one would be suspicious when the girl suddenly disappeared."
"The truck driver is the man who helped her hide the body."
"He was supposed to wrap it in a cover
"The kind they use to transport quilts,
and took it with him."
"And, then, he made it appear...
"That Motoko Kawaguchi had commissioned him to empty the floor...
to give credibility to the version of the transfer."
The great detective Kogoro Mouri has solved the case.
It is true that this would explain everything, but....
That's why I find it strange.
Do you?
Strange?
Your friend, Kumi Suda,
showed up just when you started investigating the case.
"She was the one who gave us the clue about Mrs. Terakado."
And when we went to see her, we happened to meet a neighbor...
"Who gave us a lot of information."
"Even the carrier showed up."

"Don't you find that these are masses of coincidences?"
"Anyone would say that they are helping him
to solve the case as soon as possible."
They seem to want him to find out that the Terakado killed Motoko.
And the transporter made the corpse disappear.
Man, good point... Eh... So, did you...?
Yeah, I guess so.
Mrs. Shigemi Terakado and Mr. Ryuji Matsuo.
You two made Miss Kawaguchi disappear, didn't you?
Impressive.
She deserves the reputation she has.
If I understand correctly, we can't be charged if they don't find the body.
Eh?
Mr. Mouri!
I brought the others.
Oh!
The truth is that you didn't kill anyone.
What has happened is that you have agreed to make it look like it.
I see you've discovered the fake murder.
We had to do it this way to save Motoko from her fiancé,
Mr. Toriumi.
-Yes.
-That.
What do you mean, "save her from her fiancé"?
In the beginning, Motoko was in love with Mr. Toriumi, too.
That's why she got engaged when he asked her to.
But, little by little,
she came to realize that he was an arrogant and spoiled man
who was used to having things always go his way.
That's why he told her he wanted to break off the engagement.
And then Mr. Toriumi....
-What?
-It's too late.
Now I've already introduced you to everyone around me;
you're my promise.
I don't even want to imagine what all these people will say about me,
if we break the engagement now.
I can't allow you to make a fool of me.
And the truth is, I don't care whether you love me or not.
Oh.
But...
(Terakado) "Motoko was between a rock and a hard place."
I knew Mr. Toriumi and I knew one thing:
even if she managed to run away and hide,
he would have enough resources to find her and force her to return.
He was aware that she would never get away.
Some people are like that.
They are selfish, they think they are the navel of the world.
That's why they came up with this plan?
To help Motoko disappear?
We explained what the problem was to Ryuji,
who had helped Motoko take care of me when I was sick.
"And that's how we came up with the idea of faking a murder."
If they managed to make believe that he had died
and had hidden the body,
even a man like her fiancé would stop looking for her.
And Motoko could start a new life in another city,
far away from here;
we thought it would work.
And so Motoko disappeared,
Mr. Toriumi did what they imagined:
he hired a detective famous for finding her.
Look, I'd like you to look for Motoko Kawaguchi.
All we needed was the Kumi's help.
Thanks to her and the testimony of my neighbor Mitsue,
Ryuji and I would become suspects.
Then, you would have explained to Mr. Toriumi...
that Motoko had been killed by Shigemi and Ryuji,
and the plan would have gone well.
In fact, we are not worried at all...
that Mr. Toriumi wants to press charges against us.
Mostly because the girl's corpse doesn't exist.
-We were to be expected to hide it.
-And where is Motoko Kawaguchi?
Until we called you to tell you that everything went as planned.
I know you have done it with good intentions, but there is a problem.
How am I going to tell my client about this?
Why don't you try to tell him the truth?
Maybe then he will understand that Motoko wants to get rid of him
and that she has been forced to simulate her own death.
I can ask him to behave like a gentleman and break the engagement.
I am sure he will get out.
Do you think I can convince him?
-Please.
Do it.
-Mr. Mouri.
Oh... I'll go look at Haruki Toriumi
so that you can tell the truth yourselves.
I give you my word...
that I will do everything I can to convince him
to stop looking for Miss Kawaguchi.
-What a break!
How nice!
Thank you.
Go ahead, Shigemi.
Call Motoko.
Yes, we have to explain to her how everything went.
Hm?
Let's see if she picks up now...
Strange, isn't it?
Nothing, there's no way.
I helped her escape 3 days ago, at night.
Don't worry, I'm sure everything will be fine.

I'll let him know as soon as I can, when I find a hiding place.
"And you haven't heard anything more since?"
I've tried more than once myself.
It'll be that she hasn't found a place to stay yet.
I hope she hasn't gotten sick or anything.
Huh?
Yes...
"Could it be that...?"
"If so, she should have left some clue."
Huh?
What do you mean, "too"?
Have you lost something too?
The day before yesterday morning I saw another person
who was looking for something in the same place as you.
I don't think she found it in the end, though.
Could you describe her to me, this person?
"Just as I imagined. She left some clue."
Oh!
"A fist button."
You say these two killed Motoko and hid the body?
-I'll report them to the police.
-Yes, but it was a fake murder.
Didn't I tell you it was all a frame-up?
If so, I want Motoko taken away.
The problem is that we didn't locate her.
I knew it.
I'll notify the police.
Don't be hasty, Mr. Toriumi.
I've already told you...
Aaah!
Aaah... aaah...
Oh...
It's the Sleeping Kogoro.
(Kogoro voice) For starters, we'll try to call Miss Kawaguchi.
Conan...
Yes.
Hello, good afternoon.
You're Motoko, aren't you?
Look, I'm...
No way.
It's a sham!
Is it?
Indeed, it's a sham.
In order to be able to observe his reaction.
Because I knew perfectly well
that Motoko Kawaguchi could not pick up the phone.
-She was already aware of it, wasn't she?
-That doesn't prove anything.
He found out that she wanted to fake her own death.
"As he suspected that her promise was carrying some kind of head,
three days ago... he followed her on the sly."
"Then, he asked her what she was up to."
"She did not hesitate to confess everything...
in the hope of making him understand once and for all how she felt."
A simulated murder?
Did Motoko follow after I let her go?
I didn't see her.
It's all a lie, I didn't follow her.
Conan.
Show him that.
Yes.
This is it, isn't it?
Oh!
His secretary confirmed it.
This cuff button is a personalized gift
sent to you by one of the companies you do business with.
The day before yesterday morning,
you yourself were looking for it around Beika Residence.
(Man) Did he lose something?
"This means he lost it the night before."
That is, 3 days ago.
So, yes he was, that night.
Now don't want to deny it.
On the cuff button we found your fingerprints
and Miss Kawaguchi's.
And this proves that there was physical contact.
"He must have dropped her when he struggled to force her into his car."
When Motoko explained the details of the plan to him,
it occurred to him to use it to his own advantage
and decided to assassinate her.
A-murder her?
And why?
I'm sure you didn't like the idea of marrying a woman who didn't love you.
the idea of marrying a woman who didn't love you.
You couldn't break off the engagement
because he had to keep up appearances in front of everyone,
but if your promise turned up dead, you shouldn't marry.
It would have been enough to let her go, there was no need to kill her.
He was wrong.
A simple comedy was not enough.
He needed her to disappear from the map for real and forever.
He couldn't run the risk that, sooner or later, someone would discover...
that his supposedly dead promise was alive and well.
After having killed her and buried her with his own hands,
he came to commission me to look for her.
All he had to do was wait for me
for me to discover the plan of Mrs. Terakado and the others.
Once I had informed her of everything,
I planned to make an anonymous call to the police.
I would have told them that I had seen someone burying a body and revealed the location of the body.
and I would have revealed the location of the body.
So, if the body had turned up, her friends would have been guilty of murder,
his friends would have been guilty of murder.
Bullshit!
Yes, I saw Motoko, but I went home right away!
-Eh?
- (cell phone)
Ah, I'll get it.
Ah, yes, I'll get it.
Yes.
If I tell you like this, you'll know what it's about, right?
I've been told that you went down the Kofu detour.
I asked the police
to check your movements that night.
He got out of the car at the Kofu turnoff.

and went into some forest road, right?
To get rid of the body in the trunk.
Where is Motoko Kawaguchi?
-Huh?
-Where is she?!
-Huh?
-Aah!
You won't get away.
-I-it's that I...
-Tell us where Motoko is.
I didn't want to!
It's your fault, for not wanting to marry me.
We hope that now you will rest in peace for once.
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
And I wanted to keep up appearances... My goodness.
What a brick it becomes!
Ha-ha!
What?
Oh!
I forgot to ask him to pay me!
He-he-he-he!
"I don't know who's more of a brick."
Laughter Purple is a very famous star, isn't she?
Aaah!
Have you seen the two men who got off that boat that's moored there?
I saw them get on a red truck and go over there.
A red truck, you say?
You got it.
"Don't miss the next episode:
Kogoro's furious chase (part one) '."

