(Shinichi voice) "Kogoro is asked to act as a bodyguard.
"At the concert of the famous singer Risa Purple.........,
and the Ran and I are invited to the concert."
"At the beginning of the performance,
"Two men who confuse Ran with Risa
kidnap the Ran and take him away."
"In Kogoro and I chase after the kidnappers
and discovered where they have the hideout."
"But we only found the plan that had been prepared by the kidnapper
and Risa herself."
"Mr. Takeyama, please salvi'm me from this situation."
"Please help me flee from the stage on the day of the performance."
"Activate the fire alarm to cause confusion."
Ah!
This is today's concert hall plans!
Ah, in Takeyama sent you a message 15 minutes ago.
"Risa, we made a mistake and kidnapped another person.
What do we do now?
I am waiting for instructions.
If they have made a mistake, they should release the Ran immediately!
(Shinichi, thinks) "No..., the Ran won't be let go."
"They can't let her go so she will have seen their faces."
"People without a clear plan often commit irrational and impulsive acts
when they feel cornered."
"Even if it means killing someone."
"A black cloth splattered with crime
is filled with color by brilliant deduction."
"Ran Mouri has been kidnapped. What will they do to save his life?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"Kogoro's furious chase (Part Two)."
You must stop Purple Laughter immediately!
If she's the one who planned the kidnapping,
she should know where this place is!
Yes, yes.
Inspector Megure is already interrogating him.
There is no time!
I'd better go interrogate her myself!
Nano, let's go!
Hey, Facenet's profile picture is a little strange.
Strange?
In all the poster photos,
Risa's face is showing her left profile.
What do you mean by that?
Her charming feature is the mole under her left eye.
That's why she always shows her mole in the photos.
But in this photo she shows her right profile.
It is strange that she decided to post a photo without the mole.
This means... maybe he is someone impersonating Risa,
who has been writing to Takichi Takeyama.
-Oh!
- (telephone)
-Being the answering machine.
- (phone)
In one of the messages in Takeyama asked Laughter to call him.
Maybe it is the one who is pretending to be Laughter
who now wants to give a new instruction to the kidnapper.
(Answering machine: female voice) "We can't take it now."
"Please leave message after the beep."
- (telephone: bip-bib, bib-bib-bib-bib)
- (answering machine: piiip)
This is a security code.
The hijacker wants to listen to the messages from outside.
What?
(answering machine: female voice) "There are no voicemails in your mailbox."
Oh!
Fuck!
Hey, where's the Ran?!
I hope she's okay!
- (phone, end of call: tut-tut)
-Hey, hey, answer me!
Aaa..., aaa....
(Shinichi, think) "The kidnapper just found out that we're here.
and won't call back."
"What shall we do now?"
It's him!
It's that man!
The one who chased us out of the concert hall!
Yosaburo, because of your mistake we have a big problem now!
I'm not like you, I don't give a damn about Risa Purple, you know?
-Stop insulting Risa, you're sorry!
-Actually I don't even know what kind of face she has.
But what are you doing?!
If we get caught..., we'll get Risa in trouble because of you!
Don't suffer, man... They'll never find you, this place.
(Thinking) "I can't breathe..."
"Father, Conan..., save me!"

But I don't have a profile on Facenet!
And I have never sent comments or messages like that to my fans!
It doesn't make any sense!
An imposter has usurped her identity.
Now that Risa is finally starting to be famous,
a fuss like this won't do her any good.
On the contrary, it will get her into trouble!
Mm...
Mm?
Is this still recording?
Stop filming, please.
Why do I have to stop?
This news is of great interest to the public.
Think that it's a hot topic on all the networks.
Thank you very much for your help,
but you must keep in mind that we are in the middle of a kidnapping investigation.
Are you still suspicious of us?
Do you think any of us are accomplices of the kidnappers?
I didn't say that.
All I want now is to confirm the facts.
"If no one had opened the door to the kidnapper,
he would not have been able to activate the fire alarm."
Mr. Yamane, you went out into the hallway...
just before the concert started, didn't you?
Yes, as I told you before,
I went out into the hallway to make a phone call,
but I didn't leave the door open.
Ahm...
Who was I supposed to call?
At a time like that, with the concert about to start,
who was I supposed to call?!
Well..., well, I...
Mr. Yamane, please,
tell the truth to the inspector, I'm not hiding anything!
Mm?
Ah...
Mouri!
Conan!
Inspector.
Listen to this.
The manager is called to one of the kidnappers, in Takeyama.
A in Takeyama?
(Yamane) "Hey, you!
(Yamane) "Hey, you! Don't go overboard!"
(Yamane) "We know who you are! Don't make threatening calls again."
"If you do, not only will you ask for a restraining order from Risa," I said,
"but I'll beat the shit out of him so bad I'll carve him up,
and then I'll turn him in to the police!"
-I'm so sorry.
-Mr. Yamane...
I told you never to treat my fans badly!
I've told you a lot of times not to do it, and still....
Mr. Yamane, how come you have Mr. Takeyama's phone number?
When we received the threatening calls,
I kept his number.
I had no idea, that the caller was in Takeyama,
but I didn't want any bomb threats just before the concert started.
That's why I did it.
When he went out to make the call,
did you see if there was anyone else in the hallway?
Well, no, I didn't see anyone else.
But from where I was I couldn't see where the fire alarm was.
So I can't tell if there was anyone else.
Please remember!
It is very important, being ?!
Kogoro, don't get violent!
We have to find the place where the photograph was taken.
Yes, you are right.
Surely the Ran is here.
Mm?
Where is this?
We're not sure, but...
it could be the place where Takeyama illegally disposes of waste.
And we're guessing that they've also taken the cooler where they've closed the Ran.
We have delimited the area from where the hijacker has made the call.
The antenna covers quite a wide area,
from Beika's neck to the Teimuzu valley.
OK!
Call for an urgent aerial search!
But keep in mind
that an illegal dump is not usually in sight.
And at night, it can be quite impossible to locate it with a helicopter.
Yes, Conan is right.
Eh?
And besides, he thinks that if the fridge is tightly closed,
the Ran will soon run out of oxygen!
It won't be able to survive until tomorrow!
We have prepared a 500-strong investigation team.
But they can't start searching until the area has been cordoned off.
Inspector, I just had an idea.
An idea?
I want to communicate with the kidnappers!
Eh?
I'll beg them... to please save my daughter.
I want to let the kidnappers know what this means to a parent.
At this point, we can only appeal to their conscience.
I understand how you feel, but...
I don't know how we're going to contact the kidnappers.
-A favor?
-I have a favor to ask.
Could you broadcast my message to the kidnappers on your program?
-I don't mind, I assure you... -I don't mind...
-On our program, you say?
But think that we broadcast on cable
and we have a limited number of viewers.
The probability that the kidnappers will receive your message is very small.

Even if it's small, I think it's worth a try.
Standing idly by won't save Ran's life!
Yes, you understand.
We'll get everything ready right away.
Inspector...
Ran's life is in danger.
Do what you have to do.
Thank you very much, Inspector.
(Shinichi, think) "Kogoro, I trust you."
Conan... We'll start right away, so you'd better go in.
Okay.
La Risa, when she started out, she sang in a group, right?
Yes, he was part of a group of 7 singers.
But even though they remade the group a few times,
they didn't end up succeeding with the public.
Ah...
Let's start, go ahead!
Three, two...
Hello everybody.
As you probably already know, today, at the concert of the Risa Purple,
the kidnapping of a person has taken place.
Attention!
The Risa Purple has just been kidnapped in front of us!
Ran Mouri's father will speak next,
the girl who has been kidnapped.
Mr. Kogoro Mouri wants to send a message to the kidnappers.
Hello.
My name is Kogoro Mouri and I am a private detective.
We know that my daughter has been kidnapped by mistake,
thinking she was Risa Purple.
I am sure that my daughter is of no importance to you,
and you must probably consider her only a nuisance.
But to me she is the most precious treasure in my life.
My daughter is only 17 years old.
And although she doesn't explain much of what she does,
I know that my daughter dreams of a future full of happiness.
And right now you are about to take her future away from her!
My daughter has done nothing to deserve this!
Please, I beg you, save her life!
I don't want you to become murderers.
Maybe you think
that if you silence my daughter you can still get away with it,
but you are very wrong, because...
my daughter has proof that it is all of you!
She has proof of what?
My daughter has taken pictures from everywhere
just before the concert started.
It is very likely that in some of the pictures my daughter has taken, some people in some area
that my daughter has taken, it is very likely that in some of the photos my daughter has taken, she has inadvertently taken someone in a restricted area,
or somewhere they shouldn't be.
I don't know who it is either.
But now that I've explained all this to you,
I'm sure you know what I mean.
If you have collaborated in the kidnapping,
you know very well that these photos will serve as irrefutable proof.
When daylight comes, 500 police officers will start the investigation.
They will ask for help from the fire department,
rescue groups and self-defense forces.
But if when they find her, my daughter is dead, they will be finished!
They will carry the burden of a sin so great
that they will be unable to redeem themselves.
Please save my daughter before it is too late.
That is all I ask of you.
That was impressive!
I hope it moved the kidnappers.
I'm not sure, inspector, whether I have moved them or not.
But if there is any evidence that incriminates Ran's motive,
they will do everything they can tonight to destroy it.
En Kogoro has set a trap for the mastermind of the kidnapping.
A trap?
It's a lie, that Ran has taken photos...
that can later be used as evidence.
Is it a lie?
It's a bit risky, but it's the only way to save the Ran's life.
But even if you set her up,
if the kidnapping mastermind hasn't seen the broadcast, it won't work, Kogoro.
Yes, it sure won't!
I'm sure he's seen it.
Oi, Kogoro?
Inspector!
The kidnapping mastermind has left.
What are you saying?!
But how did you find out the identity of the kidnapping mastermind?
Very simple, from the evidence he left on this answering machine.
On the answering machine?
Mm.
You'll give me a bonus for that?
Stop worrying about what you get paid and worry about Risa.
-Looks like someone's coming.
Let's hide!
- (vehicle: approaching)
(Mobile)

Hello?
(Conan voice) "That ringtone was your phone, eh, Bianca?"
When the manager left the message on the answering machine...
(Yamane) "We know who is the one who is calling us.
(Yamane) "We know who you are! Don't make threatening calls again."
"If you do, not only will you ask for a restraining order from Risa,
"but I'll beat him so badly that I'll carve him up,
and then I'll turn him in to the police!"
- "(ringtone)"

- "Did you understand me correctly?"
- (dial tone)
-(Sakuta) "Did you understand me well?
(Sakuta) "Bianca, what are you doing? We are about to start."
Yes, understood.
This call was from Mr. Sakuta.
Aaa... yes.
Wasn't it you?
I couldn't see Bianca anywhere and the concert was about to start.
I, Kogoro Mouri, swear...
that I will protect her with my life, if necessary.
-Sorry, sorry!
Risa!
- (Sakuta) Bianca, where did you get to?
Yes, I remember... you said something like that.
Mr. Sakuta, did you know this place?
No.
Had you been?
Bianca told me that she thought she knew where the illegal dump was,
and I thought it might be a good scoop...
Don't tell me you're the kidnapper!
Oh!
Eh ?!
Oh...!
Oh...!
Aaah...!
Ah...
You can't run away!
-Yes, let's go!
-Ah...!
Yosaburo, let's run away from here!
Where's the Ran?
You bastards!
-Aaah...!
-Tell me where my daughter is!
-At the bottom of the dump!
-Where is she?!
Ran!
Conan, come on!
Ran!
Ran!
Ran!
Ran, where are you?
Ran!
Ran!
Ran, Ran...!
Ran!
Ran, wake up!
Hold on!
Ran!
Ran!
Ran...!
Wake up, Ran, come on, come on!
Ran...!
What's up?
Hello, hello, Ran!
Conan..., father...
You saved me... saved me...
Ran!
Ran...
You're all right...
You're hurting me, father.
Raaan!
Oh...!
Ah, sorry.
I can see why you were wearing the platform shoes.
Since you knew the stage
would be soaked by automatic sprinklers,
you didn't slip in these shoes.
Although since you were part of that group,
you've been wearing platform shoes.
You were jealous of her, weren't you?
How do you know that?
Because Risa, who entered the group behind you, had succeeded.
You're right.
I thought that if Laughter was kidnapped,
I, who was the presenter at her concert,
would attract a lot of attention and make me famous.
I found it easy to cheat on Takeyama,
I knew him because he always came to all of Laughter's events.
But it didn't work out the way I thought it would.
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
I am so glad you are fully recovered.
Thank you!
Even Shinichi was so worried that he called me while I was in the hospital.
that he called me while I was in the hospital.
Was he?
But the best part is that I didn't think the father would love me so much.
I was so excited!
Oh, how many times have we watched this show already?
You had supervermells eyes, father.
You were scary.
Yes, it was an excellent performance.
What did you think?
When I was young I was thinking about being a professional actor, you know?
You acted?
Was it all an act?
No, of course not, woman, but what do you say?
Marrec, what a thing to say!
No, let's see, father, tell me the truth, come on!
I just remembered that I have a lot of things to do!
Good bye!
Father..., wait!
He-he!
It's escaped me!
How many people have you swindled, with this comedy?
I-and now, I don't pretend to swindle anyone!
I'm just a simple salesman offering loans at a good price!
Eh?
What-what do you want?
What's happened?
Hey, father, wake up!
The alderman's secretary decided she was going alone and left.
What do you say, now!
It's a shot!
Ah, oysters!
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'The 7 people in the waiting room'."

