Excuse me, you haven't seen this man pass by, by any chance?
Yes, it was 4 days ago, Tuesday night.
(Takagi) Yes, exactly.
(Takagi) "He's the man who stole 30 million yen here in Beika."
(Chiba) "I'm convinced that they already know,
"But two hours after committing the robbery,
"The robber, in Takashi Shishido, died in a car accident,
but the 30 million was nowhere to be found."
I haven't had any luck either.
I don't think we'll find any clues today either.
-Okay.
-Let's try our luck at the station, shall we?
OSPA!
Well, if it isn't you!
Ouch!
Where was I going, so fast?
Have they opened a new slot machine parlor?
Shut up, kid!
I just got a call from Dongaraji Temple.
It seems they've received a threatening phone call.
"A threatening phone call to Dongaraji Temple?"
"A black cloth splashed with crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"The setting for today's episode is Dongaraji Temple,
where a very dangerous secret is hidden."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The hidden secret of Dongaraji Temple."
(Kogoro) They demand them to stop the reconstruction of the temple?
That's right.
The reconstruction work on the temple
started yesterday, and I got the call at the last minute.
Good evening.
Hello?
(Man) "If they don't stop the Dongaraji Temple work immediately,
a curse will befall them."
I also reported it to the police, but...
But they did nothing.
Because of a curse threat, the police don't usually act.
I did not want to take unnecessary risks
and I told them to stop the work today.
And in the meantime I would like you, who are such a famous detective,
to track down this blackmailer.
This is more than done!
You can always count on the great Kogoro Mouri!
"What should it be about, the threat to Dongaraji Temple?"
(Woman) Look, mother, that's not the way I'm going!
What did you mean by this comment, that I am a liar?
No, child, but what I don't understand...
is how the same person can be in two different places at the same time.
Well, that sounds like a very interesting conversation.
Mm?
No, little one, there's nothing interesting about it.
What happens is that yesterday afternoon I saw Mr. Eisaku Toratani,
who lives here in front, sitting in the park of the Center sunbathing.
And I tell him that he must be mistaken for someone else,
because at the same time Mr. Eisaku Toratani was the East park.
This pair of eyes never deceive me.
Yes, it is obvious that one of the two...
must have mistaken this end Eisaku Toratani for someone else.
Yeah, but I, I didn't just see it.
"It was a bit far, I know, but we exchanged a greeting."
I greeted him too!
"The same person in two places at once?"
Very good.
So, you say you saw two men?
who became very nervous when they saw the work starting?
That's right, it was yesterday, at dusk,
when I was passing very close to the entrance of Dongaraji Temple.
"They stopped in front of the gate and..."
It was no joke, then.
No, brother, we have a very serious problem.
Well, someone made a call demanding that they stop the work.
It could very well be that pair.
Do you know them?
Do you have any idea who they are?
They're two brothers, in Kinta and Ginsuke.
Sons of Mr. Toratani, of Two Street.
"This is it."
Hey, kid!
Hey, kid!
What are you doing here?!
And you, Kogoro, what are you doing here?
May I know what a detective like you wants from us?
To know what reasons you have for not wanting
the Dongaraji temple reconstruction work to go ahead.
Did you make the threatening phone call?
No, I didn't make it either.
Well, then, see you again.
I was still there!

What?
Mr. Eisaku is?
W-why do you ask about our father?
Because I've been told something I don't understand.
A while ago two people told me
that yesterday afternoon they saw him in two different places at the same time,
one in the downtown park and the other in the East park.
Eh?
Ginsuke, don't tell me...
And you, Kinta, don't tell me that you're also going...
I don't quite understand what you mean,
but if you let me see in I'll be able to unravel.
I'm sorry, but he's not home right now.
In fact, the father is almost never at home.
He likes to walk around a lot.
He's always around...?
Yes, yes, he's always around.
I've come to talk to you, not to your father!
It's a crime, making threatening phone calls...!
Oh!
Gee, you subscribe to several newspapers...
No, we don't subscribe to any newspapers,
but that day was special.
Shut up!
We have nothing to do with Dongaraji Temple!
Good bye!
I'll bet you anything that this pair are guilty.
Yes, it's obvious they're hiding something.
Well, the truth is, according to the locals,
there's no connection whatsoever
between the Toratani family and Dongaraji Temple.
Apart from the fact that they live very close.
However, there is something that surprised me, in that house.
There are 3 family members.
On the other hand, there is no one who works.
Eisaku must be grown up, and I understand that he doesn't work,
but the two brothers, in Kinta and in Ginsuke,
have no intention of working.
And you can see that when they find a job, it doesn't even last four days.
I don't know what they must live on.
That pair?
They must live off the Eisaku's pension.
You mean they live on their father's pension?
You can see right away that they're lazy!
The day they miss their father, I don't know what...
I've got it!
The Eisaku Toratani... is no longer with us!
What?
He must have died suddenly, of some disease, perhaps,
but they didn't report the death,
because they wanted to continue collecting the pension, and, surely...
"...they buried the body in the Dongaraji temple grounds."
And of course, when the reconstruction works started,
they were afraid of digging up the body, so they stopped.
This is absurd.
On what basis do you say that?
Wait a minute.
If it had been something unforeseen,
the most normal thing is that they would have called an ambulance
before thinking about this pension thing.
I got it!
That pair killed him, their father!
He must have scolded them a lot because they didn't want to work.
"It's one thing to rave, but that would be raving squared."
In fact, this theory would explain the other enigma.
The brothers do it so that no one will know that the Eisaku is dead.
You've lost me.
What do you mean by that?
It's a good explanation.
"The Eisaku Toratani was in the habit of going for walks
and to sit in the Center Park and the East Park to sunbathe."
If he stopped doing that, people would become suspicious.
That's why the brothers disguise themselves as their father,
"...one goes for a walk in the Downtown park,
and the other goes for a walk and sunbathes in the East park."
What happens is that since they don't see eye to eye
and they never talk to each other before,
yesterday two people saw them in two different places at the same time.
Ginsuke, don't tell me that.....
And you, Kinta, don't tell me that you also go....
If this were true, it would explain a lot.
You told them before that you wanted to see the Eisaku,
and since he's dead, they had to trick you by telling you that he was out.
In fact, the father is almost never at home.
He likes to hang around a lot.
Yes, yes, he's always around.
(Kinta) What do you want, now?!
We've come back because we believe that you have killed your father.
And that you have buried the body on the grounds of Dongaraji Temple,
so that you can continue to collect your pension illegally!
It seems that yes, it is true.
Yes, every time I know for poor Mr. Toratani.
(Man) Guys, isn't breakfast done yet?!
-What, breakfast?
-What?! -What?!
Ah, come-I see we have guests.
I hope you've been kindly received, my children.
-What?
-He's our father.
Yes, he's no ghost.
Look, he's got legs.

Ya-ya thought about it.
I've told him that many times,
not to be suspicious of people without reason,
but he always does the same thing to me, this kid.
So, did you see him?
You saw him four days ago, Tuesday night?
That's right.
It was very close to Dongaraji Temple.
I was glad, that the Eisaku was alive.
But it was noon
and he was asking if they had made him breakfast.
I am still convinced
that the two brothers are the ones who stopped the works.
But why did they do it, if no body was buried?
We must try to find out.
What is it?
They are in Takagi and Chiba.
I think they're investigating that 30 million yen robbery.
Maybe someone told them
they saw the robber near Dongaraji Temple.
Sure did!
I've got it!
What they buried here at the temple is the money!
What?!
The two Toratani brothers must be part of a robbery gang.
After the robbery, they were in charge...
to bury the 30 million yen on the grounds of Dongaraji Temple.
It's true!
It could be true!
Gee, you subscribe to several newspapers...
No, we don't subscribe to any newspaper,
but that day was special.
Yes, all those newspapers were from the day after the robbery.
They must have wanted to know how the investigation was going
and what the police knew.
Now we have them!
Besides, they tried to hide it from us.
We have to go and explain it to Inspector Takagi!
Hey!
We've confirmed that the robber, in Shishido,
came here right after committing the robbery.
We have confirmed that he gave the money to another gang member
to another member of the gang to avoid police checks.
Why did he do that?
-No.
This is impossible.
Shishido didn't trust anyone anymore.
It is unthinkable that he would work with other people.
Very interesting.
That's right.
This means that the robber had no collaborators.
It would be perfect
if the case of the threatening phone call that you're investigating
and the 30 million robbery were related,
but you can't ask for everything.
-All right.
-Shall we go look down the back street?
The truth is that it doesn't make much sense either.
If it's true that they hid the money here,
they wouldn't have any need to stop the works.
All they should do is dig them up.
I'm very surprised that they are not accomplices...
What?
Of course they are!
They must have stolen the money!
They don't have enough to live without working on their father's pension!
"That's why they stole the money from the robber!"
They stole it and buried it here, in the temple grounds!
"He's raving again."
What a pair!
You have to be an idiot to steal a robber's loot!
Now I'll be able to stop them!
Well, I don't see them capable of committing a robbery, those two.
People will do anything when they're desperate.
Mr. Mouri!
-(woman) Yes.
- (woman) 4 days ago?
Tuesday night?
Didn't you see the Toratani brothers roaming around the neighborhood
as if they were out hunting, looking for prey?!
(woman) "You talk as if they were dangerous criminals."
Ah, maybe it was the day the Eisaku disappeared again.
-What do you mean, disappeared?
-Surely.
Mr. Toratani has the beginnings of senile dementia.
and sometimes he goes out at night and gets lost.
His children that night also went to look for him
around the Dongaraji Temple area.
Surely they had to take advantage to steal the loot while looking for their father.
And they went to hide him in the temple, naturally.
They didn't hide him, they found him in the Dongaraji temple.
-What did they find, in the temple?
-That's right.
Mr. Toratani.
What do you think?
We're sorry to have disturbed you.
Mm... The important thing is that nothing happened to her.
We found her today at Dongaraji Temple.
Yes, it is that I have seen him one that buried a knapsack.
But what are you saying, father?
What are you talking about now?
How do you want to have seen someone burying a backpack at Dongaraji temple?
You must have imagined it.
Maybe he did not imagine it.
Maybe he buried it himself, the backpack.
Let's see if it still turns out
that those two bums have nothing to do with it!
"Maybe...? Sure!"
Now I see that in the end it's the father who's responsible for everything!
"I was afraid of that."
Kogoro!
This deduction has no rhyme or reason!
That old man, he couldn't be.

"He saw a thief, and he robbed."
Hey, father, can you feel us?!
Are you around?!
Father, if you feel us, say something!
"That's why he buried the money at Dongaraji temple."
And when he saw that they began the works,
he tried to dig them up, but he could not,
and so he made the threatening call to stop them.
But if he had buried the money himself,
he wouldn't have said anything to anyone.
From the backpack.
Don't you think so?
It's the most normal thing in the world,
for people who are old to say things without realizing it.
He'll confess, and I'll turn him in to the police!
"I can't let it... end like this, the case."
"Think."
"Surely I already have all the pieces I need."
Yes, it's just that I saw one burying a backpack.
"Maybe it was true, and the brothers tied it together when they felt it."
"It would make sense."
"But why did they have to disguise themselves as their father?"
It's the most normal thing in the world
for people who are old enough to say things without realizing it.
"That's what they were afraid of!"
"Now I'm beginning to see clearly."
"I just need to know something else."
I'm not here to talk to you, I'm here to talk to your father.
"I was supposed to start here."
Wow!
Welcome, Mr. Mouri.
I have summoned you for the case of the telephone threat
and the case of the 30 million yen robbery.
Because I, the great Kogoro Mouri, will solve them both right here!
In both cases the culprit is... the.... Mr....
Ah!
Aaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaah...
Tigreee!
Mm?
Mr. Mouri!
(Kogoro voice) The events occurred at night, 4 days ago.
Mr. Eisaku Toratani, while strolling through the neighborhood,
happened to witness something unexpected.
"He saw a man burying a backpack
on the grounds of Dongaraji Temple."
Burying a backpack?
In Shishido!
Sure, he came to bury the 30 million yen in the temple!
Yes, and Mr. Toratani told them...
the neighbors of the neighborhood and their children.
Yes, I saw one burying a backpack.
At that moment, nobody knew what he was talking about,
but the next day, the ones who did connect the dots were his children.
"Last night, at eleven past ten..."
(Kinta) It wasn't far from here.
-What?
-What envy.
It's 30 million.
Look how he took the 30 million!
In a backpack!
Father!
Was it like this, the backpack that buried that man?
Yes, I think so.
That's funny, isn't it?
Well, according to the police, although they have not found it.
(Kogoro voice) "And you two, naturally,
thought you'd get it back."
-Where in Dongaraji Temple?
-Do you know where he buried her?
I don't remember now.
That's all right.
We'll wait until he remembers.
Yes, sooner or later it will come to his mind again.
But, if we let him go out alone....
(Kogoro voice) "There was something they were worried about:"
if I started explaining to everyone
that I had seen a person burying a backpack,
there was a possibility that the police would find out.
And to prevent that from happening,
they locked Mr. Eisaku Toratani at home and forbade him to go out.
I will lock his father inside the house?
No, all we did was to convince him not to go out.
Yeah, we didn't do it by flirting or anything.
They also went to the park disguised as his father,
so no one would suspect they had him locked up in the house.
And that's why they were seen in two different places at the same time.
But then there was another setback.
And that is that work began on the Dongaraji temple.
"And for fear that digging up the money..."
If they don't stop the Dongaraji temple work immediately,
a curse will befall them.
In the end, the sin has caught on.
You were right, Mr. Mouri,
it was true that the two cases were related.
-Where is it buried, the backpack?
-So, what do you know?
-He-he... Well, remember.
-I don't remember now.
The robber, in Shishido, to avoid being found by the police,
"He came here,
"And decided to hide the money temporarily,
probably somewhere where he couldn't see anyone."
Where he couldn't see anyone?
But this means that Mr. Toratani wouldn't have seen it either.
-They are right.
-Yes, that's true.
In Shishido it was thought

that no one could see where he buried the backpack,
but on the other hand, Mr. Toratani did see it.
Therefore, it can only be buried in one place:
Behind that tree over there.
But, if he buried it behind that tree,
Mr. Toratani would not have been able to see it either.
That night, when Mr. Toratani left the house, he did not come straight to the temple,
he did not come straight to the temple.
-And where did he go, then?
-What do you mean?
"It didn't even occur to Shishido,
"That there might be someone watching from up there at that hour."
(Ginsuke) Hey, father, can you feel us?!
Are you over here?!
(Kinta) Look, it's here!
-They were burying a backpack.
-Dad, why are you making us suffer so much? -Come on, let's go home.
-Come on, let's go home.
-What do you say?
(Ginsuke) Come to think of it,
father always said that the sunset was spectacular from up there.
(Kinta) Yes, he went very often.
I had to go that night too.
Finally found it!
Ah!
Now I remember!
It was here, the backpack!
-So any...
-Of course, now that you've just seen it.
You are very bad sons!
You have no shame!
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada
natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana irodzuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na.
Fushigi da na!
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake nado enano no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Aa asu mo Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto!
Look how they work!
(Kogoro) The priest told them that if they collaborated with the works
he would not denounce them because of the threat.
What a pair!
Let's see if we pay attention!
The best of all is that Eisaku Toratani looks very happy.
Let's see if you do something useful.
Yes, yes, and you too.
Please control yourself, please.
A... Ouch.
Okay, it's a deal.
"Yes, they are."
You want me to tell him to come say hello when he gets back?
Yes, tell him to come.
Yoko!
Oh!
Teiya!
Teiya!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The suspects are a couple very much in love (part one)."

