Hey, you really haven't seen it?
From Superintendent Kuroda.
Who are you talking about?
Ah... Well, I haven't.
I've been wondering why he's been holding me so tightly when we were with him.
You were surprised?
How was I supposed to react to that creepy face?
Yes, of course.
I had to pretend it was nothing, didn't I?
(Shinichi, think) "He was just scared of the face."
Eh?
(Conan voice) That's true.
That man's face was really scary.
-I almost started to cry.
-I was really scared.
What do you say now?
Look, you know what I think?
That if Superintendent Kuroda were Rum, as you say you suspect,
after seeing my face from so close up,
I'm sure he would have recognized me
and would have realized that I am Sherry, the one who betrayed the Men in Black,
and would have immediately rushed to attack Dr. Agasa's house.
But I see that in the message you sent me earlier you only talk about today's dinner
only talks about the dinner tonight, and that's enough.
Ah, very well, better.
But it is always better to be on the alert.
And now what happens?
Mm?
But what's wrong with you, Ai?
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splattered by crime
Is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"What has caused the Ai to be stunned?"
"The news marks the beginning of a new case."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The suspects are a couple very much in love (Part One)."
What-what happened?
Are you okay, the doctor?
Get up here!
But this is just a curiosity!
Ah!
But is it true?
You had scared me, eh?
-What a nice couple you make!
-Oh, how strong!
If they have a boy, I'm sure he'll be a first division footballer.
And if it's a girl, she'll be a singing star.
It's true!
Do you think so too, Ai?
(Ayumi) A-Ay...?
(Mitsuhiko) She's as white as a sheet of paper.
(Genta) And I don't think she's breathing.
(Shinichi, think) "Shut up, if this one is dating Yoko Okino,
I know one who must be..."
Stop it, stop it, father!
Please control yourself, please!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he-he! I thought so."
(TV: female) Today, the representatives of the two stars...
were unable to talk to Yoko and Ryusuke...
and declined to make any statement.
According to some of Ryusuke's teammates, they met....
Aaaah!
Ah!
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah...!
Ah... Ah, ah, ah, ah...
Before you get desperate like this,
why don't you make sure it's true?
You're so used to investigating illicit relationships.
Shut up!
Private detectives do not investigate to satisfy our curiosity.
It's not the policy of this agency, at least.
(Ouch) No?
What if I entrust it to you as a job?
(Shinichi, think) "Oops, oops."
A-Ay...
Ryusuke Higo and Yoko Okino should investigate;
I entrust it to you.
But you must do it for free.
What?
Okay, it's a deal!
(Shinichi's voice) My goodness...
(Conan voice) How does he plan to find them, these two?
They're not normal street people and he has no idea where they live.
On TV they said
that not even their representatives had been able to talk to them today.
You're such a fool!
In situations like this, they usually make statements.
As this time there have not been any,
it surely means that today they will see each other again
without knowing that everything is full of rumors about them.
But, normally, if you wanted to see them,
you would call them or send a message.
Yoko's manager told me that she's a bit absent-minded
and never realizes she has her cell phone disconnected.
And, apparently, Ryusuke always has his cell phone disconnected,
when he has a holiday.
So, what we have to do is a search with the words.
"Yoko Okino", "Ryusuke Higo", "date" and today's date.

Look, that's it: someone has written in his blog that he has seen them.
-Oh!
-They are in a restaurant in Beika.
Listen, this rumor that the two of them are going out together is not confirmed.
The only thing that is known is that they have gone to buy a man's watch.
Maybe she has asked Ryusuke to choose a watch for her brother
and then invited her to lunch.
Mm!
He knows that Yoko doesn't have a brother.
And why should she ask him, to help her choose a watch?
Yes, it's true.
It's nonsense, what you're saying.
So, maybe it's true that they are a couple.
That's funny!
Oh, sorry!
I didn't mean it.
Hey, why don't you go to this restaurant?
It's just that the blog doesn't show the name.
Come to think of it, I know something that might interest you:
one of the soccer players who played in Ryusuke's team
opened an Italian restaurant in Beika when he retired.
Understood.
(Both) Tell us where he is!
But this doesn't mean they are, huh?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yes, yes they are."
"My goodness. No wonder the Ran didn't want to come."
"I knew how these two would behave."
(Conan voice) Hey, what are you pointing at?
I'm counting the smiles from that stupid a on Ryusuke.
I-I don't get it.
Yoko's songs are really good.
Not anymore.
I deleted them just now.
You listen to them every other time.
Oh...
Eh?
Listen, listen.
Is that the one who played on your team and retired?
Mm?
Who's that?
No, man, no.
Ryusuke's former teammate is Teiya Asuka,
who played right winger for the Tokyo Spirits
and who even played for the Japan national team.
I'd say he's the sommelier at the restaurant, no?
I'm wasting away.
What are his intentions, that nano, after getting drunk la?
What?
-Oh, you mean the owner?
He's not here right now.
-Hey, where is he in Teiya?
He had to go out to buy wine, but he'll be back soon.
Do you want me to tell him to come and say hello when he comes back?
-Very well.
Enjoy your meal.
-Yes, tell him to come.
Desserts.
Sorry it took so long.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Ha!
She doesn't look professional at all, this waitress.
Maybe she got distracted looking at Ryusuke.
What a mess!
And besides, it turns out that the nano is a friend of the owner.
If he had been, you should have killed them.
Oh... I don't think so.
You know the owner never gets mad at me.
Ha!
Watch out that you don't get a head of steam just because we're going out together.
Come on, shut up.
And why are you so angry?
Because you're my ex?
(Yasuto) I don't know what's taking him so long today.
He should have been back a long time ago.
-Maybe so.
-Maybe we should go look.
For starters, Yasuto and I will go look if it's in the break room.
Okay.
You, Reiko, could go look in the storage room.
Yes, I'll be right there.
He's not here.
When he comes in he stretches out on this couch for a nap.
No wonder, he's been short on sleep lately.
By the way, it seems to me that last night...
you and he had a very loud argument last night, you and he.
Yes, it was because he says I buy too expensive wines.
It's quite normal, that we argue about that, because he is the owner.
I didn't find him in the store either.
Well, we'll have to keep waiting for it, won't we?
-Of course.
-Yes.
The customers have been asking me about him again.
They want to know if he's back yet.
What to do, then?
We look for him again, don't we?
-That's right.
-Check the toilets, too.
Aaa... yes, I'm going to check the toilets.
As you wish.
-I haven't found him in the toilets either.
-Mm, I'm sure it's not in the storage room.
I've found him.
It looks like he's taking a nap on the sofa.
-Yes, he's well covered with the blanket.
-Really?
He must not know that his friend is here.
Let him sleep.
We'll wake him up in 10 minutes.
(Door closes: clack)
It's almost 10 minutes.
Well, I think I'll go to the rest room and wake him up.
(Door, closes: clack) -All right.
-He's had enough sleep, hasn't he?
-Huh?
- (mobile: message alert)
A message from the master.
"Have Ryusuke and Yoko Okino come into the rest room
without anyone noticing."
Yes.

-Wow, he must have woken up by himself.
-Very well.
-I'll tell them to come, then.
Where the ten to use, waiter?
Mm?
Oh, boy.
Why does she stick so much, this stuck-up one?
Ha!
He slowly expressly for it to stick to him.
Well, I'll go make a cigarette in the sink.
What?
Isn't it forbidden to smoke in the toilets?
Normally, yes.
A while ago I went and I felt very bad of tobacco, so...
Yes.
Oh, is that so?
Is that so?
-What's the matter? -Yoko called!
Yoko called!
- (woman) Aaaaah!
-To the basement storeroom!
-Where are those two?
Let's see if that soccer player has been able to hurt Yoko!
Yoko!
Ah...!
Hey, Teiya, what's wrong with you?
Please, hey!
Teiya!
Teiya!
(Takagi) The victim is the owner of this restaurant, Teiya Asuka,
31 years old.
For the time of death they give a one-hour time frame:
From just before 7 o'clock to 8 o'clock,
and he bled to death because his carotid artery was severed.
The murder weapon is this box cutter found here.
It seems that one of the cutters that they had in the office is missing.
So we deduce that this is it, and it's the weapon with which his throat was slit.
Wow.
Well, it was you two who discovered the body, wasn't it?
who were dining at the restaurant.
They are Ryusuke Higo, a first division player,
and Yoko Okino, star of the song.
(Both) Yes.
I don't understand what they were doing in the warehouse, if they had come for dinner.
It was the waiter.
He told us to come.
Teiya had sent him a message telling him to take us here.
You knew her, the victim?
Yes, we had known each other at Teiya for a long time.
We already played on the high school team together.
I came to ask you a favor.
Yes, I also studied at Konan High School, like the two of them.
But even so,
the victim hasn't sent the message directly to either of you two.
Well, in fact, he and I didn't know each other very well.
And I lost my cell phone a while ago and I don't know where it is.
But I'm sure I took it to the restaurant.
And now, if I may, I'd like to ask another question:
Is it true that you are now going out together?
(Both) Eh?
What?
What's the matter with him?
That you live on the moon?
But what's with this question?!
All the press is full of this relationship.
Look at this!
"The passionate relationship between Yoko Okino and Ryusuke Higo, exposed."
-Go on, talk!
-Boy, what happened?
Oh, what are they doing, Mouri and his gang, here?
I think they were in the restaurant by chance.
Listen, why don't you spend some time...
questioning the restaurant staff?
All the workers have been around this area
before they found the body.
They circled around here, you say?
Ah, it's just that since the owner didn't return,
we've been looking for her in different places.
Sometimes he comes back, doesn't say anything...
and goes to the rest room to take a nap.
Besides, there were some clients who asked to see him.
The first time we looked for her was around 7 o'clock.
I went to see if she was in the break room.
And I told her to go and see if she could find it in the storeroom.
What break room?
Yes, it's where we staff go to restock.
It's this one here.
On this couch.
And where did she take her nap?
The first time we came, there was only the blanket over here.
There was nobody.
And you, when you went to look for it in the warehouse,
you didn't see it there either?
No, but the second time we decided to look for it,
when 10 minutes had passed since the first time,
they told me to look in the break room and then I saw him.
What?
You found it?!
It was here.
Yes, she was sleeping here on the couch with a blanket over her head.
She had taken off her shoes and had them next to the couch, I'm sure.
But why... why did they do it to him?
And then what happened?
As he told me that he had seen her sleeping here,
I came to wake him up after about 10 minutes.
But then he was gone, I couldn't find him.
At about the same time I received a message from him

Mr. Higo and Ms. Okino to run the warehouse without anyone noticing.
without anyone noticing.
-It would be half past 8 o'clock.
-What time was this?
That's why I went to look for them and accompanied them to the warehouse.
Before going in, I knocked loudly on the door of the owner's house,
but since no one answered,
I thought he must have gone back to the break room.
I left the two of them there and went upstairs,
but I found only Mr. Yamada.
And while the three of us were wondering where the owner could be...
...we heard Miss Okino's scream.
And as we were running towards the warehouse, Mr. Mouri appeared.
You must have insisted to Yoko to come to this restaurant!
-It was you who wanted to come, wasn't it?
-No, not me.
(Megure, thinks) "What was he investigating, this one, here?"
And you have found the corpse while they were here?
Yes, as the waiter left and didn't come back,
we started to walk around the warehouse.
I think it was 10 minutes to 8:00 then.
Ten to eight is still within the time they reckon he died.
That's right, these two are also suspects.
(All) Hey ?!
You see: I will have to talk to each of you one by one.
(Yasuto) I have already told you and repeated it:
I can't have committed this murder.
The first time I came to see if the owner was here,
I went with Mr. Yamada,
and then I went to see if he was in the toilet.
Then I accompanied that couple of customers in the warehouse,
but I called the owner from the door, I didn't go in.
Yes, of course, but while Miss Banba...
was serving food and drink in the living room,
you may have been sneaking into the store, right?
No, no, the storeroom is always locked,
and the key is hung on the wall at the beginning of the corridor...
so that the staff can always see it.
Why should the staff see it?
There used to be workers who would go to smoke in the storeroom
or in this room where we are now.
That's why the owner decided to close everything.
He didn't like the smell of tobacco at all.
So, this room was also closed?
Yes, and the back door too.
The owner was the only one who had a copy of every key.
The victim had them on him, these keys?
We found them in his pants pocket.
But we didn't find his cell phone on him.
Our colleagues at the CSU are looking for it all over the warehouse.
Okay, I want you to know
I want them to know that I didn't kill him!
There was no problem, with my master, me.
Mm!
But I know you're the one who smoked in this break room.
-The waitress told me.
-Eh?
And I also know that the owner had scolded you for it.
You already have a cell phone!
I-I don't!
I-I didn't...
If you are the culprit, please confess right away.
If I had a motive to kill him,
the other two had an even stronger one!
-Huh?
-What?
Last night, Mr. Yamada, the sommelier,
had a very strong argument with the owner because of the wines.
And the waitress, Miss Banba, is the owner's girlfriend.
Oh!
The girlfriend?
Oh!
Maybe she killed him because they had a quarrel and ended up very badly.
Yes, it's true: Teiya and I were sweethearts.
But it is not true that we had quarreled, although we were.
But Mr. Konoe, the waiter,
told us that the victim had stopped coming home.
He didn't come because he had gotten used to staying over here
because he was thinking about how to make the business more profitable.
Yes, that's right.
Oh!
So, he slept here?
That's why his locker, the one on the far left,
is full of clothes and shoes.
Mm?
That's right.
There's even a change of shoes.
Know that Yasuto has a reason to accuse me:
he resents me because we used to be sweethearts, but I dumped him.
Oh!
You and he were boyfriend and girlfriend?
One question: he said that before, when he came here to look for you,
you saw that he was sleeping on the sofa, but you didn't see his face, did you?
-Yes.
-Ahm... That's true.

But it could also be that he had hidden something under the blanket
because it looked like someone was sleeping, right?
What?
What are you saying, child?
What would I have gotten out of doing this?
For example, when she said she was going to check if the owner was the store,
I could have killed her and then, to make it look like he was still alive,
I could have come up here and made this simulation.
He doesn't take into account that when I came to this room,
the sommelier, Mr. Yamada, went down to look for the owner in the storeroom.
If Mr. Yamada had found the corpse,
the whole setup would have been useless.
Listen, I'm surprised that this room is so clean and tidy.
It's not so surprising.
At Teiya's he always stayed at closing and cleaned the whole room by himself.
I see the owner was a very clean person.
Yes, even after I had left it nice and clean,
I felt that he would vacuum.
I think he will vacuum even the specks of dust that you couldn't see.
(Yamada) When?
When I went down to the warehouse to see if it was there?
No, I didn't see it then,
but I have to admit that I didn't look for it much either.
I did the same as Mr. Konoe: I called it from the door.
It could be that by the time you went down to look for him,
he was already dead in the warehouse.
Yes, that's right.
They told me that yesterday afternoon they had a bit of an argument.
Yes, lately, the restaurant wasn't giving much...
and he wanted that instead of buying good and expensive wines,
instead of cheap ones.
But if this restaurant had to be an authentic Italian restaurant,
the wines had to be top-notch.
-Eh?
-And that's why he died, then?
He died so I could buy the expensive wines I wanted?
Now that he's dead, I can't buy either expensive or cheap ones.
Mm?
Inspector.
Look what we found in a wastepaper basket in the storeroom:
a pile of cigarette butts.
I thought the warehouse wasn't smoking either.
Aaa... I think they belong to Mr. Konoe.
He used to smoke in this room,
but one day the owner reprimanded him and forbade him to smoke,
and it seems to me that since then he has been sneaking cigarettes in the bathroom.
If they found out that someone had smoked,
he could always say that it had been a customer.
That's why the washroom smelled of tobacco.
Come to think of it, when we were looking for the owner,
he offered to go to the bathroom to see if he was there.
Maybe he did it because he didn't want us to notice the smell of tobacco.
(Shinichi, think) "Even though there are 5 suspects,
everything seems to indicate that it was one of these 3."
"But how did he do it, the culprit, to commit the murder?"
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada
natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana irodzuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na.
Fushigi da na!
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake nado enano no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Aa asu mo Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto!
What is it?
And what is it?
Maybe it's blood!
There is a very small hole here.
The only two people who could have committed this murder
are the ones who have stayed in the warehouse:
Mr. Higo and Miss Okino.
Wait, wait, Inspector, let's not be hasty either...
(Kogoro voice) They wanted a third person to confirm what they said:
that the owner was not in this room.
Come on, what are you waiting to confess?
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'The suspects are a couple very much in love (Part Two)'."

