"When a rumor spreads in the networks that in Ryusuke Higo.
"And Yoko Okino live a passionate love story,
"The Ai and Mr. Mouri can't believe it.
and decide to investigate it."
"They track them down in an Italian restaurant in Beika
and go to spy on them."
"It seems that they have gone to dinner
"Because they want to see their high school friend,
soccer player Teiya Asuka, who just happens to own the restaurant."
(Yoko) Aah!
(Yoko) What's wrong?
Yoko called.
Yoko!
(Yoko) -Oh!
(Yoko) -Oh!
Hey, Teiya.
What's wrong with you?
Please, please, please.
Hey, Teiya!
Teiya!
And you, when you went to look for him in the warehouse,
you didn't see him there either?
No.
But the second time we decided to go looking for it,
when 10 minutes had passed since the first time,
they told me to look in the break room and then I saw it.
What?
You found it?
It was here.
Yes, she was sleeping here on the sofa with a blanket covering her head.
She had taken off her shoes and had them next to the sofa, I'm sure.
And then what happened?
As he told me that he had seen her sleeping here,
I came to wake him up after about 10 minutes.
But then he was gone, I couldn't find him.
At about the same time, I received a message from him
in which he asked me to bring Mr. Higo and Miss
Higo and Miss
Okino the warehouse
without anyone noticing.
What time was this?
It would be two quarters to 8.
That's why I went to pick them up on the board
and I accompanied them to the warehouse.
Before entering, I called out loudly from the door to the owner,
but since no one answered,
I thought he must have gone back to the break room.
I left the two of them there and went upstairs,
but I found only Mr. Yamada.
And while the three of us were wondering where the owner could be....
We heard Ms. Okino's shout.
"Although there are 5 suspects,
"everything seems to indicate that it was one of these three."
"But how did the culprit do it to himself to commit murder?"
"A black cloth splashed by the crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"A famous couple ends up involved in a murder."
"What happened in the back of the restaurant?"
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The suspects are a couple very much in love (part two)."
Va, say: what were you planning to do to poor Yoko, eh?
No... I don't get it.
Will you let me ask the questions, please?
Hm?
Before the two of you entered the warehouse
where you found the body, did you notice if the door was locked?
Yes, I remember that the waiter had to open it.
And then he knocked several times on Teiya's door,
but, as he didn't answer, he said he was leaving...
and to wait for us there.
In the warehouse there were many foreign products
that we didn't know about: cans and jars of food.
So we started to look around.
Then we saw that on the floor, behind a shelf, there was a dark spot,
there was a dark stain.
I immediately thought it was blood.
And we got closer and saw that it was him.
I believe it.
It was creepy;
Terrifying.
By the way, earlier you told us that you had lost your cell phone, Mr. Higo.
Can you do a little memory recall to see if you remember where it is?
I don't know, but many times, when I eat in a restaurant,
I leave it on the table.
"Come to think of it, when the waitress spilled the wine,
she changed the tablecloth."
Sometimes I leave it in the bathroom,
because I carry it in my pocket with my handkerchief.
When I take out the handkerchief, I take out my cell phone,
and then I don't remember to put it back in my pocket.
-Yes, that's true.
-Doesn't the same thing happen to you?
Me too.
Yes, it does.

I lose my cell phone very often too.
"If you don't leave it!"
Oh.
(Clears throat)
That is, when they were at your restaurant,
No.
I couldn't talk to Mr. Asuka.
But I could ask Miss Okino for her cell phone.
I-I did have it, it's true,
but yesterday before going to sleep I didn't think to charge it.
We tried to call you, but the battery was dead.
These are things that can happen to anyone, right?
-Eh?
-No, ma'am!
They can happen.
Yes, they can.
They can happen to anyone.
Yes, they can.
I would like to know what was the favor
you wanted to ask Mr. Asuka when you saw him.
-Well...
-Oh, yes.
Hey.
This is the blanket that Mr. Asuka-san always used...
when he slept on the sofa, right?
What is it?
I think it is.
Why do you ask, Conan?
Because I see that there is a very small hole here
with a reddish stain around it.
What is it?
And what is it?
Maybe it's blood.
Oh, so much.
I don't think so.
I'd say it smells like wine.
Oh, boy.
I'm not surprised at all.
We're in an Italian restaurant...
"But where does this stain come from?"
"The smell of wine is very clear, and that means it's recent."
"And if it's only a few hours old,
maybe it has something to do with what happened."
Even when I had left it clean, I felt him vacuuming.
He slept here on the couch with a blanket covering his head.
But the first time we came,
there was only the blanket over here;
there was no one.
"Shut up. This means that maybe..."
Hey, you!
Conan!
"Let's see..."
"Oysters. Another hole."
"And, besides, this one also has a little wine stain around it."
"That's exactly what I thought."
Conan, you have to watch out.
The restaurant counts as a crime scene...
"Here's a killer who has prepared an alibi...
using everything in the room very cleverly."
To sum up everything we have been told,
as the owner of the restaurant, Mr. Teiya Asuka..,
was late in coming back, Mr. Yamada, who is the sommelier,
together with Mr. Konoe, who is the waiter,
and Miss Banba, the waitress, decided to start looking for him.
At first, Mr. Yamada and Mr.
Yamada and Mr.
Konoe have come to look for you
in this staff break room,
but they did not see the victim anywhere.
Miss Banba went down to look in the storeroom...
That's right.
But she didn't find him either.
Then, after 10 minutes,
the three of them decided to go back to look for the victim.
Mr. Yamada looked in the storeroom,
M.
Konoe the toilets and Miss.
Banba, in the break room.
And this time it seemed to him that he had found the victim.
He saw her sleeping on the sofa covered with a blanket.
Yes.
She went like that, didn't she, Miss Banba?
I didn't see her face because it was covered,
but I noticed she had her shoes under the sofa.
Hm.
And after another 10 minutes, Mr. Yamada came to pick him up again in this break room.
in this rest room, but then the victim wasn't there anymore,
no longer sleeping on the couch under the blanket or anywhere.
Almost at the same moment,
Mr. Konoe received a message from Mr. Asuka on his cell phone.
telling him to accompany Mr.
Higo and Ms.
Okino to the warehouse
without anyone noticing.
So, Mr. Konoe, indeed!
accompanied them into the warehouse and knocked on the master's door,
but he got no answer.
So he left the two customers there and went to look for Asuka.
You stayed there, and after a while of walking around, you discovered the corpse,
you discovered the corpse.
(At the same time) Yes.
It went like this, didn't it?
Hm.
The break room and the storeroom are always locked,
and the keys are always hung on the wall in the hallway
for the staff to see.
The only person who had a copy of every key
was the owner of the restaurant.
And when the Konoe's accompanied Mr.
Higo and Ms.
Okino to the storage room,
they found the door locked.
The only two persons who could have committed this murder are

those who have remained in the warehouse: M.
Higo and Miss.
Okino.
Eh ?!
Wait, wait, Inspector.
Let's not be hasty either.
The soccer player I can't answer for,
but a girl as charming as Miss Okino
can't be a murderer.
No, do you know what happened?
But in this situation...
That the owner of the restaurant was a big fan of Yoko's
and she's been hiding in the warehouse hoping to find herself alone
so she could jump on him.
But as the footballer was also there,
they had a fight and it ended badly.
And now poor Yoko is protecting the boy because she has a big heart, you come here yourself.
You mean you're preventing the police from arresting a murderer?
No, and now!
She's incapable of doing anything that... Aaah!
More wine...
Refill my wine glass, please!
Mouri, what are you doing?
(Kogoro voice) I didn't mean this, don't misunderstand me.
What is it now?
Has the famous Sleeping Kogoro returned?
Oh!
What do I have to find strange?
Don't you find it very strange?
The number of people who have come to look in this rest room.
Hm?
I mean, for the size of this room,
it doesn't take much to see if there is someone at first glance,
but Mr. Yamada and Mr. Konoe have both come.
On the other hand, there are many shelves and hidden corners in the warehouse....
and it would have been better if someone else had gone to look,
but Miss Banba went alone.
Hm.
Well, yes, it's a bit strange.
Why did they do it, then?
They did it
because they wanted a third party to confirm what they were saying:
that the owner was not in this room.
What?
It was part of the murder plan.
-Huh?
-Huh?
And why did they do it then?
They did it
because they wanted a third person to confirm what they were saying:
that the owner wasn't in this room.
It was part of the murder plan.
This means that either Mr. Yamada or Mr. Konoe...
must be the murderer we are looking for.
I- Mr. Yamada was the one who told us both to come here.
Y-yes or no?
Yes, it's true, I said so, but I don't have to hide, I'll pass.
I said so because in this room there are many cabinets to look in.
Wow.
And I thought Asuka might be hiding in one of the cabinets in the room?
I don't know.
It could also be, couldn't it?
Also, why do you think I wanted...
Mr. Konoe to confirm that the owner wasn't here?
And, anyway, we have been well few minutes, in this room.
Yes, you're right, very little.
But we didn't need more.
A moment of nothing was enough to prepare everything.
He made it look as if the owner was sleeping on the sofa
with a blanket covering him.
But-but what are you saying now?
You're accusing me of having put something under the blanket
when we came looking for the owner here?
-Hey, no.
-I didn't, did I?
Besides, I didn't have anything handy to put under the blanket.
Mr. Mouri, I've already bought what you told me: I'm carrying a blanket,
an ice-crusher and five thick clothes.
Eh?
But I don't understand what you want to do with all this.
We'll do an experiment.
Conan, I want you to do exactly what I told you to do.
Yes, right now.
(Vacuum cleaner)
First we will put the clothes inside a bag of those to make the emptiness
and with the vacuum cleaner we will empty all the air
so that the clothes are flat.
Of course, that's what I had to do with Teiya...
when he felt he was using the vacuum cleaner.
Then we will cover this bag well covered with the blanket
and we'll have the first phase of the stratagem ready.
That's it.
So it seems that on the sofa there is only a blanket with nothing underneath.
This is true.
Now, if we take an ice pick and stick it in really hard...
because it punctures what's under the blanket,
the air immediately starts coming in through the hole we've made.
Look, now it looks pretty good for someone to sleep under the blanket, doesn't it?
Yes, it does.
And now all that's left to do is to pull out the shoes of the victim
that he had previously hidden under the sofa, and he's done.
You can see that Mr. Yamada had time to do all this before leaving the room
before leaving the room without Mr. Konoe noticing.

L-listen, kid, why do you say I did it?
-What?
-In Konoe I could have done it too.
No, it was you, Mr. Yamada.
-Why do I say that?
-Eh?
Well, I'm saying it because, as we have seen,
the blanket that was on the sofa
there was a very small hole with a wine stain around it.
And this proves that in order to make a hole in the bag full of clothes
where he had made the vacuum
he used an essential tool for a sommelier: a corkscrew.
Eh?
With the tip of the corkscrew for opening wine bottles
he perforated the bag so that air could enter and the clothes could swell.
That's why there are some little spots of wine around the hole
that you can see on the blanket and on the clothes.
But wait a minute, Mouri.
I have a sommelier friend who always says that when you open a bottle,
you don't screw the corkscrew in until it's gone all the way through the cork,
because then little pieces of cork fall into the wine and you can no longer serve it.
If this happens when you open a bottle of wine of a great vintage,
of those that are so expensive, it is a real catastrophe.
But here they must not spend, of these, right?
Of course not.
We're not in a three-star restaurant.
H-here's someone who wants to make me look guilty.
You're right, inspector.
The most normal thing is for a sommelier's corkscrew not to be soiled with wine.
But in this case we must take into account
that Mr. Yamada is not a real sommelier.
Eh?
I noticed
when I saw what he did after opening this couple's wine:
He immediately left the cork on the table, without smelling it at all.
A real sommelier would never have done that.
Sommeliers do it to know if the wine is "bouchonné",
which means it smells of cork.
It happens from time to time so that the remains of the liquid that is used to clean the cork
used to clean the cork deteriorate the wine.
Why did he forget to do it, this gesture?
And besides, I have discovered that he smokes,
something that a real sommelier would never do
not to lose his sense of taste.
All the cigarette butts that were found in the wastebasket in the men's room are of the same brand.
are of the same brand,
but there are those that are long and have the filter chewed off,
and there are those who have smoked them all the way to the end
and have crushed them well crushed.
This means that they are from two different smokers.
And since there are so many, they can't be from customers,
they must be from the staff.
I imagine that half of the cigarettes have been smoked by Mr. Konoe
and the other half were smoked by Mr. Yamada.
When the saliva from the filters has been analyzed,
we will be able to state with certainty...
that it is not true that you are a sommelier.
The cell phone that Mr. Higo left behind in the bathroom
is what gave him the idea to commit this crime.
Isn't it?
"Reading the messages that were on the cell phone...
"You have learned that Mr. Higo and Miss Okino
had come here for dinner to talk to the owner."
"That's when he decided to take action."
"First he took a bag full of clothes that the owner had emptied,
put it on the sofa and covered it with a blanket."
"He probably sent a message to the owner
to ask him to buy some things."
"That way it would take a while to arrive
and the other workers would decide what to look for."
"Everything went just as he had planned."
"First he wanted to go to the break room to pick him up
with Mr. Konoe because he saw he wasn't there."
"And while your partner was leaving, you made a hole in the bag,
which inflated under the blanket, and pulled the shoes out from under the sofa."
"You then sent a message to Mr. Asuka from Mr. Higo's cell phone
to tell him to bring down the storage room because he wanted to watch discreetly."
"Then he told the others
that he was going to the warehouse to look again, and there he has killed her."
"With his trap of the blanket on the sofa.
"He made Mr. Konoe and Miss Banba believe...
"That Mr. Asuka was sleeping in the rest room.
"And, in the meantime, he has sent a message to Mr. Konoe from the cell phone
that he has taken from the victim."
"The message asked Mr. Konoe
to accompany Mr. Higo and Miss Okino to the warehouse."

"Then he went back to the break room,
"He took the clothes out of the bag on top of the couch,
"hung it back in Mr. Asuka's locker..."
and hid the evidence of the crime.
-But-but what does it say?
-He went like this, didn't he?
You don't have any proof of it.
Where are the bag of clothes and the owner's cell phone?
The kitchen garbage can.
(gasps)
I found them myself.
The C.S.U. is analyzing them.
She probably went to the kitchen
when there was more commotion because they had found the corpse,
and has thrown away the vacuum cleaner bag
and the cell phones she had in her pocket.
And since he probably didn't have time to put on gloves, everything he threw away was left behind,
everything he threw away was covered with his fingerprints.
Come on, what are you waiting to confess?
You died, didn't you?
I-I had to do it so that the owner had found out
that he was slapping fake labels on bottles of cheap wines
in order to sell them at a premium.
He paid a commission to the suppliers, but still made a profit.
When he found me out,
I told him that the customers who came to a restaurant
restaurant owned by a former soccer player didn't understand food or wine,
that we would make a lot of money and that I could expand the business.
But he wouldn't listen to me
and even told me that he would sue me for swindling.
And what did he think?
Teiya was a good player
and he had a well-deserved reputation for always playing fair.
He didn't have to get a red card.
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada.
Natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.
Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana ni irozuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na...
Fushigi da na.
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto
Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake baby
dwarf no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Nazo wa yokete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de yami wa harete iku.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de aa Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitts.
By the way, what favor did you want to ask, the victim?
Ah, yes, that's right.
A teacher we had at the high school where Teiya, Yoko and I went to...
is about to retire and we want to give him a gift.
Yoko and I have taken it upon ourselves to go and pick out a clock
and now we will have it engraved.
We are collecting signatures from alumni
and we wanted Teiya's to be the first one.
We decided because he is the first celebrity
to come out of Konan High School.
Man, you could have explained all this earlier, couldn't you?
-But they wouldn't let us talk.
-We wanted to say...
"It was me."
Well, isn't it true, that you went out together, then?
No.
Today, the only love I have is soccer.
And me, singing and acting.
Ah, gee.
I wish you both the best of luck.
-Thank you.
-Thank you.
Well, all that's left now is to apologize for the commotion we've caused
and to thank Mr. Mouri for having discovered the murderer of poor Teiya.
And you, Conan, for helping her to make her deductions.
He-he!
Very good, boy.
And to you, Ay,
thanks for finding the evidence, eh?
You've made a fine assist.
Oh!
I wish you played for our team instead of Takahiro.
Thank you very much, Ai.
(Trona)
Come on, mail, come on.
Otherwise, the soccer field at the park will be busy.
Ouch.
-I think it's going to rain.
-That wouldn't be all right either.
"No matter how hard you try, if you're a girl,
you won't be able to play on Ryusuke's team anymore."
Lullaby, lullaby, lullaby...
Oh.
It's a song by Yoko.
(Ayumi) Have you seen how many toys?
And they live together in this supermansion?
Yes.
We are two brothers very well matched and very fond of toys.
Toys are the bomb!
(Woman) Help!
Somebody help me!
"What a mess!"
"The doctor is checking my slippers and anesthetic darts."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Junior detectives take shelter from the rain'."

