You still can't see anything?
But what do you say, now?
Of course it is, it has already started.
You can't see anything at all!
It's a hoax.
Because it always takes a while, it's normal.
You should have a little more patience.
Even more patience?
In this lake there are tides
so it is largely fed by sea water.
That's why it's so beautiful, because...
depending on whether it's high tide or low tide,
the landscape varies a lot.
Yes.
It's like the Hamarikyu Gardens, right?
Yeah, and... what's the difference in level, between tides?
Let's see...?
It says here about two meters.
Well, it means that it would cover you from head to toe, eh, kid!
(Shinichi, thinking) "And you too, smart guy."
Look!
The submerged bridge is coming into view.
Ah, yes, now I see it!
All right, can we go now?
There's a free seafood buffet waiting for us!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What's the matter?
What have you seen?
Ah!
What?
There's someone lying on the bridge.
What did you say?
Oh!
Mm!
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"When the tide recedes,
a corpse appears in a lake connected to the sea."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

(Conan voice) "The case of the reverse tides in the park."
(Kogoro) Have you identified the victim yet?
(Male) Yes, it was Mr. Ryuji Kimishima, 48 years old.
He knew everyone.
He was a very popular person in this area.
He was the president of a very important food company.
-Do you think he died of drowning?
-Ah.
No.
Please look at the neck for a moment.
See the marks on his neck?
He died of strangulation.
Oh!
That rules out an accident, then.
You think she was murdered?
Could be.
But we're not completely ruling out accident.
What do you mean?
How do you mean?
Something may have been wrapped around her neck unintentionally.
Well, what I find the strangest thing is the way he wears his shoes.
Do you?
Yes... He's wearing them on the wrong foot.
Mm?
Mm...
How can that be?
Mm!
Mm-hm...
-Mm?
- (woman) Inspector Motoi...
I've gone to look for the park manager, Mr. Tanba, just in case.
Ah, hello, how convenient!
How do you do?
If you don't mind, I'd like to ask you a question.
(Shinichi, he thinks) "It went perfectly, the interruption."
Was it the park, this morning, at the time of high tide?
Yes, of course it was.
-No, of course I didn't see it.
-And you didn't see the body, then?
Well, that only means one thing.
It means it came from outside, from the sea.
The current must have dragged it here.
Ah...!
It's Mrs. Kimishima, the wife of the deceased.
-That's right.
-She's a very attractive woman!
I understand that, when she was single, she was a model and an actress.
Ha-ha-ha!
I'm not surprised.
Oh... My love!
But-but what's happened to you?
What will I do, now, without you?
Mm... What a comedy!
-It's the victim's older brother.
-Who's that?
He's one of the managers of the same company, at Yuta Kimishima.
(Woman: crying)
(Woman: still crying)
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mm..."
Listen to me....,
have you noticed anything strange about your husband's attitude lately?
No, and now!
He was as usual, everything was normal.
-Nothing.
What do you want me to notice, me?
-And what do you say?
I practically never saw him, my little brother.
What?
But you didn't work together in the same company?
Mm, yes, I am part of the executive board, but only on paper.
By the way, can you tell us what he died of?
We're still investigating.
-Unfortunately, no.
-You don't know what happened to him?

But we will know something soon.
As soon as we get the autopsy report.
The autopsy?
The autopsy?
They've done the autopsy, my husband?!
Yes, to determine if it was an accident or suicide.
And to move forward, if I may...,
Could you tell me where you were, last night, around 10:00..,
which is the approximate time of death?
Oh!
I was in town, with a friend of mine.
Okay, how do you say, your friend?
Aaa... well, his name is... Kazuma Nishikikoji.
-Yes..., that's right.
-You mean the famous actor?
Yes, I do.
What about you?
Well, look, I went fishing last night.
And I suppose there's a corroborating witness, right?
Well, no.
I went out alone with my boat, a last-minute decision.
(Kogoro) Oh...
What is it now?
Why are you sighing so much?
Because I had already assumed that we would go to the seafood buffet,
and look what we eat.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What a pain in the ass about the seafood buffet!"
Mr. Mouri..., Mrs. Kimishima would like to talk to you.
Actually, it's about my brother-in-law.
-So much so.
What do you want to talk to me about?
-It's just that... it turns out that...
-Your brother-in-law?
I don't know how to say it, but in Yuta he didn't understand my husband.
Oh, didn't he?
And do you know why they didn't understand each other?
As he was the older brother, I guess he thought...
that he would be the president of the company, when his father retired.
But he decided to go to Ryuji.
I see what you mean.
Is there anything else you want to tell me?
Well, yes, that the boat you mentioned before...
was also owned by my late husband!
(Both) Eh?
At Yuta, he has always received a salary as an executive of the company,
and income from profits and shares.
But the money for the boat gave them in Ryuji.
The motorboat, huh?
Oh!
Let's see if it's still...
Inspectors, I'd like to check something.
Could you help me?
-Yes, sure.
-Oh, so much.
Wait for me, I'm coming!
But listen...
What do you want to do now?
What do you want to do now?
(Man) Attention!
The paper is thrown here.
The cans, in the middle.
- (all) Yes, everything in its place.
-And the plastic bottles, there.
We must take good care of the environment and nature.
- (all) Yes, sir!
-Is that understood?
(Shinichi, thinks) "This man makes even policemen go straight."
This youth of today should be taught everything.
- (vehicle: stops)
-Mm?
-You're late!
-Hello, Mr. Tanba.
I know, sorry.
The last service has taken me more work than I thought.
I don't want any excuses.
Just know that by being late, you've done me wrong.
Today the tide brought in much worse things than garbage.
-A dead man.
-Oh, did it?
What did it carry?
What?
A-a dead man?
It can't be!
Of course, that's what the police are for, isn't it?
Yes, that's what they've come for.
Come on, go, look for work, run!
(Conan voice) From here you control the gate?
Exactly.
With this control box you see here.
But it seems to me that it has broken down.
It does not close, no.
I'll have to open it, see what happens.
Maybe someone has tampered with it?
Mm...
No, it doesn't look like it, no.
Oh, who's thrown it away, all this garbage, here?
Can't you see the garbage cans?
It's unbelievable...
The park manager looks like he's got a real bad temper, doesn't he?
Mr. Tanba?
Yes, God-hay-do.
But, deep down, it's not that he's a bad person,
it's just that he takes his job very seriously.
He's been working in the park since he was a little boy and he feels like he owns it.
Oh yeah?
And he's right, people are very lazy.
- (Kazur) Yes!
- (Kogoro) Remi, go.
I've gone for a walk in the park.
Ah, you're here.
Where have you been?
What's Mr. Mouri doing in that boat?
-Ya... rowing.
-Remi!
-Mhm!
MHM!
-Come on, faster!
-Well, not at the moment, nothing at all.
-Mr. Mouri, any conclusions?!
I think we'd better go talk to Mr. Kimishima.
What?!
Oh...!
Yes, it's true, my brother and I didn't really understand each other.
I agree, but it is clear that his death did not mean anything to me.
But it's obvious that his death doesn't benefit me at all.
Why do you say that?

You don't have to be a genius to see it.
Thanks to my brother,
I was able to live a few years without working and with a good salary.
Now that he's gone, I'll probably have to...
to look for a job and work seriously.
However, now that he's gone,
he has every chance of becoming the new president of the company.
It could be, I'm not saying no.
But it would only be in name only,
because the weight of the company will always take someone else.
By the way, Mr. Mouri, you should know that Ryuji could not swim.
That's why he didn't like to go fishing.
So I don't understand... that they found his body in the water.
I can only think...
that there might be someone who's especially interested
in making the police suspicious of me.
Mm?
Where are you going with this?
I'm talking about someone with more reason than me to want my brother dead.
And I'm talking about your wife.
If I were you, I wouldn't believe the alibi you've given her.
Think that she was an actress and knows how to pretend very well.
She already used her hunting skills on Ryuji.
And now I have to go.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oops! If Mr. Tanba sees it, he'll be very angry."
Mm?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Porexpan pellets."
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow, what is this?!"
"Here are fibers... from a rope."
"This means..."
(Conan voice) Yes.
Mm?
A rope, you say?
You didn't see it, did you, when you went round this morning?
No, I didn't see anything.
Of course you did.
Are you sure about that?
What time do you normally make your morning rounds?
Well, that's an early start!
Before 5 o'clock.
-Mr. Tanba...
-We old people wake up early.
-The problem was the battery.
- (both) Eh?
-Yes, it was very old and it was not working properly.
-The battery?
I replaced it with a new one and that's it.
(both) Okay.
By the way, Mr. Tanba, today is the last day you work, right?
I want to thank you for all you've done for the park.
No..., I'm the one who has to thank you for everything you do.
(Shinichi, thinking) "I get it."
"It just so happens that this man is retiring just today."
Ah!
Ahem, ahem!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Well, no, he's not here."
"I should have figured that out by now."
Oh.
" 'Take good care of the environment and nature'."
"Sure, I've got it. I know where I can find it!"
Very good!
I think it's a case of strangulation...
in the practice of water skiing.
-Mm?
- "Water skiing", you say?
I don't understand, Mr. Mouri.
Could you explain it better?
They are attached to a rope attached to a boat.
But, if the skier becomes unbalanced,
it can happen that the rope gets tangled around his neck.
And if they continue to drag him, he can die... by strangulation.
Is that clearer now?
Mm... So, is it murder?
Or... was it an accident?
Do you think someone would water-ski at night of their own free will?
No, of course not.
So...
That's right!
This is a murder... Ah!
But...
Bl-bl... Again...
-What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with him?
-Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) Clearly it can be deduced that it's murder,
but this water-skiing strangulation thing is out of the question.
(Kogoro voice) Wow!
(Kogoro voice) Really?
-So, it was an accident?
-Well... what then?
Well, I want to make it clear...
I doubt that Mr. Kimishima died in the water,
let alone where he was found.
Well then, if it wasn't in the water, where do you think it was?
It's not that I believe it, it's that I'm convinced.
He died in the park itself.
But this would mean that the body did not come with the sea water,
but that it was already in the park from the beginning.
-No, because it was carried away by the water.
-Is that it?
What?
Now I really don't understand anything.
How could she have died in the park and at the same time have been carried away by the water?
A dead person can't move, as far as I know.
Of course not, but the body has been moved to someone else.
They put it in a polystyrene box and threw it into the lake.
Normally, the lake and the sea are separated by the park gate.
Therefore, this person opened the gate...
and Mr. Kimishima's body was washed out to the open sea...
as the tide receded.

After that, all we had to do was close the gate and that was it.
But it could not be closed because the mechanism that controls it failed.
That's why, when the tide came in,
the box with the corpse re-entered the lake
because the gate was still open.
Then, for some reason, the box must have been knocked over....
and Mr. Kimishima's body fell on top of the bridge,
which is where we found it.
But... why... did someone go to all this trouble?
Because surely the murderer was trying to avoid at all costs
from finding the body in the park.
-But-but why?
-Yes, exactly.
That's it, that's it!
Tell us who the murderer is!
The pictures, Inspector Keitoku.
Yes, now!
Coincidence or not, some photographs have been published...
of Mrs. Aoi Kimishima with her actor friend...
around the same time of Mr. Kimishima's death.
Therefore, the alibi is true and she could not have been.
As for Mr. Yuta Kimishima...,
he should know by now that in the whole area of the park
is strictly forbidden for recreational boating
for recreational purposes, right?
I am well aware of that.
If the police catch you fishing, you can get a hefty fine.
That's why I doubt that he would want to expose himself...
to do anything illegal in such a heavily guarded place.
-Of course.
-So he's innocent, too. -So he's innocent.
Now you've got me on the right side of the fence.
If the woman is innocent and her brother is innocent..,
who is Mr. Kimishima's killer?
In fact, there is another suspect.
None other than Mr. Tanba.
What are you insinuating?
It's not true!
Who, this man?
Isn't he the park manager?
Now I'm really lost.
And what motive did he have, this man, to kill my younger brother?
None, in fact.
Because Mr. Kimishima wasn't murdered..,
but committed suicide.
-What nonsense!
-Suicide?
Then why did they have to move the body from the scene?
Just call the police and that's it!
But Mr. Eizaburo Tanba is retiring today.
After having worked in this park practically all his life, he said, "... it is understandable.
"... it is understandable...
that he would like to finish this stage without any complications."
"The problem is that he found the body hanging first thing in the morning."
"It was obvious that he had committed suicide, but if he didn't get him out of there....,
"his last day of work would have the police around the park,
and so he decided to move him."
"But since a corpse weighs a lot and he didn't have much time either,
he came up with a great solution:
take advantage of the tidal movements..."
to send it far away from the park, out to sea.
This is outrageous.
Where are we going to end up with this youth?
They don't even respect old people anymore.
How dare you call me a criminal?
If you thought that hiding a corpse is not a crime,
I think you're wrong.
You can't accuse me of anything.
Right?
You don't have any evidence to prove everything you just said.
Man, if by evidence you mean the rope...
that left strangulation marks on the victim's neck, then...
-What is it now?
-No!
That the rope is probably a pile of ashes right now.
-Mm?
You haven't burned it?
-No, fortunately, not yet.
No, because it was a rope made...
of a polypropylene that's very heat-resistant
and almost impossible to burn.
And Mr. Tanba cares about nature
and would never have burned this kind of material.
That's why I'm sure that he has thrown it
into the container of potentially polluting material.
Yes, I found it, Mr. Mouri!
What about now?
Even if you intend to deny that things have gone as I said?
No... It's true, you're right.
Today was a very special day for you.
That's why, more than ever, you should have called the police immediately.
It's clear to me now.
Oh, I forgot.
Next to the body I found this letter.
"Aoi and Yuta, I'm sorry for the way things went."
"I bought some shares to increase equity,
but they've lost... all value."
No, we are ruined!
("Futari no Byoshin", Takuto)

Umarete hajimete Furet kimi no yasashisa ni tada
natsukashii kimochi ni naru no wa nande Darou ka.

Dench ga kireta Mita ni utsumuita nichijou mo
Totana irodzuite iku you na.
Fushigi da na.
Fushigi da na!
Chikutaku to ichibyou goto Inochi wo kizami dashita nda.
AIMA na iiwake nado enano no yaku ni mo tatanai Darou.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de kako wa kaerareru.
Ai to uno paatsu Hitotsu aru dake de Aa asu mo Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto Kitto!
(Kogoro) AHU, AHU, Ahu...!
I wanted to eat seafood, I wanted to stuff myself at the free buffet!
Now that's a tide of tears.
(Shinichi, thinks) "And, apparently, it will take a long time to come down."
Yes.
It looks pretty good that it's gone down.
Eh?
Mm?
(Kogoro) Look!
(Kogoro) Hey, what's wrong with you?
(Kogoro) Huh?
A robbery with murder?
A robbery with murder!
Excuse me, I'm just naturally curious.
It's a secret compartment.
Aaa... yes.
Do you want to see what's in there?
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode:
'Beauty, Lies and Secrets'."

