By any chance, did anyone see yesterday on TV...
the "Noodle Gods" championship on TV yesterday?
Of course, I saw it!
Wow, how I'd love to eat...
those miso noodles that made it to the finals!
Well, I prefer noodles with salt!
What do you say!
The soy sauce noodles that won were the best!
By the way, which noodles did you like best, Conan?
Who did?
Me?
I think I would choose the pork broth noodles.
The pork broth ones, eh?
Now that you mention it, the pork broth ones also looked great...
Yes.
"How come he gets so excited about this noodle program?"
You know?
I'm crazy about curly noodles....
The bowl of pork broth looked delicious.
And besides, the meat looked so tender.....
(Guts: they snore)
We changed the subject.
So much talk about noodles, now I really feel like eating.
Then why don't we go?
Me too.
We can go to the noodle restaurant where I often go.
But maybe it's not a good idea,
because if we go, I won't have an appetite for dinner.
Well, now that I think about it...
my father told me
that tonight he wanted to go out for drinks with our neighbors.
Conan, what do you think, if we eat noodles for dinner?
I agree.
Hello, it's me, Sonoko.
I was calling to tell you that I'm having dinner out with Ran and Masumi tonight.
Could you cancel the reservation we had for this evening
at that French restaurant?
"Would you rather eat noodles than a plate of French cuisine?"
You know what?
I've always dreamed of going out for noodles
with my girlfriends after school.
"What modest dreams, for a rich girl."
I assure you they are really good!
Everyone says they make noodles so good they kill!
"What did he say? It won't be..."
"A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"The three girls at the Ogura noodle restaurant,
where a murder took place recently."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"Noodles so good that they kill 2 (part one)."
"I thought so."
-Hello, good afternoon!
-Hello!
Master!
I'll be joined by some friends today.
Yes, hello.
Wow, how nice!
Thank you very much, Mari!
I've told you many times.
My name is Masumi, not Mari...
Mm?
Are you serious?
Hello, Conan, long time no see!
Are you coming alone today?
No, not exactly.
This time I came with these three girls.
Well, it looks like you've already come...
Yes, the restaurant they had before they moved to the new location.
Actually, there was a murder there.
Yes, the culprit still has on him...
the object that has intoxicated Mr. Saizu.
We agreed that he had not hypnotized her, right?
I didn't know if Saizu would touch the poison.
It turns out that, if you wear glasses,
when you walk into a noodle restaurant or a hot place,
the lenses will be frozen.
(Masumi) What?
You solved a murder case by poisoning?
You're a pretty good detective, eh, Conan?
Woman, I didn't actually solve it myself, but in Kogoro!
Maybe so, but you're going to help a lot too, Conan.
You were fantastic.
There you go, the God of Death noodles.
Bon appetit, everyone.
Blow!
It looks great!
Wow, Masumi... These noodles are the best I've ever eaten!
I've already told you.
Oh, so much!
What else would you like?
Do you want me to make you some fried rice and crests to go?
-We'll be right back?
-What do you say, Mari?
I've told you many times that I call myself Masumi!
-All right.
-All right, that's perfect!
Don't tell me that later, for dinner, you'll eat fried rice and crestas?
If you eat so much, you'll get fat!

Calm down, calm down!
It's for breakfast!
The food they make here is very good, even cold!
It could also be...
that all this food you have ordered is
for the person who is staying with you in the hotel, isn't it?
Yes, you're absolutely right, it's for my boyfriend,
who has been living with me on the sly for a long time.
What?
Let's not be alarmed, I was joking.
Girls, excuse me.
Would you mind passing me the bottle of vinegar next to it?
There's not a drop left here.
Listen, could you pass me the soy sauce, please?
There's almost none left here, as you can see.
But how dare you?
Before asking for more, first you should finish what you have.
But it will run out soon!
-Oysters.
-There's no need to get angry!
Apparently, this can of pepper is quite empty.
Master!
Can you pass me another can of pepper, please?
Right away.
"Gee, you get too much of them."
Thank you very much.
See you soon.
By the way, were the three people who just left going together?
No.
But I can assure you that all three are regular customers.
It just so happens that today they coincided at the same time.
Why do you say that?
Do you also find that they have a suspicious post?
Mm?
A suspicious stall?
It turns out, a few days ago, when these three customers were here,
there was a very unfortunate incident.
A bunch of cops even came to investigate the case.
An incident?
From what we've been able to learn,
it seems that a woman who lived nearby died during a robbery.
"Yes, and they still haven't been able to find the culprit."
And do you know if those three customers are among the suspects?
Yes.
This is what a police officer told us.
They were even taken to the police station.
You can tell they were questioned there and everything.
-That doesn't mean anything.
-....
If they've come back here to eat noodles, it means...
That they're innocent, or they would have been thrown in jail.
You're right, but it looks like the police are still suspicious of them.
A police officer with slanting, slightly droopy eyes
comes here every day.
...has slanted eyes...
And you say that the officer...
...and droopy?
"It can't be..."
-Well, I don't know what to tell you...
-Are there any news about those 3 ?
Did they spend more than usual, or were they wearing expensive clothes?
Did you notice if they had any bags or curious accessories?
This kind of thing, I want to know!
As for spending money,
as our place is a noodle restaurant...
I wouldn't even ask for two bowls instead of one!
in the end the bill wouldn't change much...
-More or less as usual.
-And how were they dressed?
Actually, it didn't seem to me that there was any change.
Ran, what a surprise.
Yumi and Naeko, what are you doing here?
Conan, you're here too...
Am I really going to chase the murderer to this restaurant?
Yes.
You two, without any backup?
About a week ago,
when Yumi and I were quietly patrolling this area,
we saw a rather suspicious person in front of a house.
(Loudspeaker) "Hey, you, hey! May I know what you're doing?"
"Wait, where?!"
All right, I'll follow him on foot, you go around with the car....
and block the other end of the street!
-Okay, I'll follow him on foot...
-We must close the way!
"So, I made the turn very quickly and waited for him."
"But only Yumi showed up."
It is seen that that day the street merchants had a meeting....
and therefore the lights of the stores were off...
and there were no pedestrians.
Yes, there was not a soul.
"The only store open was the Ogura noodle restaurant,
'So good they kill'!"
And the only customers in the restaurant were those three.
Yes.
As long as I'll clarify what had happened, we made them stay in the restaurant.
And the Miwako and Takagi went to investigate at the house where we had seen the suspicious person.
where we had seen the suspicious person.
And when they arrived, they found the woman who lived in that house,
dead on the front steps, with her head full of blood.
They also saw that the window glass was broken,
and that the house was all messed up.
The woman worked as a waitress.
When we tried to reconstruct the facts,

we think that the victim must have left something behind
and that, when he came back to look for it,
the thief must have been found at the entrance of the house,
they fought and he killed her.
This is what we deduced might have happened that night.
So, this means that the last customer?
who entered the restaurant on the night that the events took place
should be the one guilty of the murder, right?
It just so happens that all three came in at about the same time,
exactly like today.
And between the time the three customers entered the restaurant
and the moment you came in, a long time passed.
Eh?
Yumi, aren't you going to chase the ordinary killer, you?
Of course I am.
But it turns out that while chasing the suspect, he slipped and fell.
Haha-ha!
That's what you get for always going crazy.
I just mistook the hot sauce for soy sauce!
When you get angry, these little slit eyes lose their appeal.
...you've already met.
Excuse me, it looks like you two...
Yes, I remember she used to come very often to the restaurant we used to have before,
and always with that boyfriend with the round glasses.
(At the same time) "Shoji Haneda's teacher!"
He's my ex-boyfriend, right?
Oh, really?
Well, you two made a very good match.
Didn't you say you made up?
It seemed like everything was going well.
You know what? I don't care about anything anymore!
I don't care about anything anymore!
When I ask him to go out he always says he can't, he's too busy.
"After winning all 7 shogi tournaments
he must be busy doing interviews on TV."
It's quite a mystery, don't you think?
How is it possible that men with round spectacles
like noodles so much?
My older brother also wears round glasses and he loves noodles!
You see?
And if they have a two-day beard, then it's a sure thing!
My brother is also at the door.
He's quite handsome.
I think if he'd spruce up a bit and dress better, he'd be a big hit with the girls.
he'd have a lot of success with the girls.
-T'entenc.
-He always wears very sloppy sweaters.
He looks like a student who flunked out of college...
But he's so smart...
And besides, he has a really prodigious memory.
He remembers phone numbers in an instant.
He has a habit of saying...
"I'm number 1 in Japan at remembering these things.
No, I'm the best in the whole world." How can that be?
All right, enough of this nonsense.
It's true that I fell, but it was because of the hose!
The hose?
The killer threw it at me while I was chasing!
A hose that must have been about two meters long.
I tripped and fell.
I wasn't expecting it and I didn't know how to react in time.
It annoys me when someone says I'm crazy, you know?
What kind of hose was it, Yumi?
It was quite thick, about 3 centimeters in diameter.
We assumed the victim used it to water the garden.
Because there was none in the house.
At first, we thought it might be the murder weapon.
What made you think it was the murder weapon?
You said the woman had blood coming out of her head, right?
When we saw the killer,
he was spinning the hose in front of the house with all his might.
There was an adhesive tape on one end of the hose.
To do that we first thought
that he must have stuck something heavy
and used it to beat the victim to death.
The strangest thing is that no blood stains were found anywhere.
...with all his might?"
"He was spinning the hose....
So, the killer was spinning the hose?
He was spinning it in front of the house
of the woman who had been murdered to death?
Yes, exactly.
In fact, the killer was spinning it with all his might,
to the point where there was a very loud buzzing sound.
As if he were performing some kind of ritual!
How scary!
A ritual?
What else could it be, if not?
Because in the end the hose was not the murder weapon.
Why did he have to do something so outlandish next to the corpse?
But... how did she die, the woman?
You said there was blood on the floor.
She must have taken a blow to the head.
When the victim met the burglar at the door, they must have struggled.
And when the intruder knocked her down,
she must have hit her head on the edge of one of the stair steps,

according to the coroner.
But didn't he say that there was a trace of duct tape
stuck to one end of the hose?
So it's possible that the killer tied something...
and twist the hose to threaten the victim.
And she, while trying to avoid the blow, had to fall.
No, this is not possible,
because I noticed that the victim was wearing her shoes.
It is clear that he found the killer on his way home,
but before he went inside and took his shoes off.
Therefore, the thief would not have had time to build such a weapon.
That is to say, the murderer stuck something up his sleeve,
but he did it some time after committing the crime.
In other words, the murderer, instead of running away,
decided to stick something on the end of the hose,
spinning it very fast and hard.
Yeah, I guess... it must have gone like this.
(Sonoko) Hey, wait a minute!
It would be a signal!
Maybe he was warning his companions by signaling them and saying:
"Danger! Run away from here!
No, woman, no.
It would have taken him a lot longer to stick something to make some noise
than to make a simple cell phone call to them.
Besides, if I had agreed to make that kind of signal,
I would have had something on me to do it, wouldn't I?
And I surely wouldn't have used the house hose.
Right, you're right.
Yes.
But wait a minute.
How do you know the hose was from that house?
So that the water outlet from the faucet we found in the courtyard
and the shape the hose had taken, they were a perfect match.
"In this case, the killer must have been forced...
to use that hose in an improvised manner."
"But what could be more important than fleeing the scene of the crime?"
So, when you set out to chase the killer...
all the way to this noodle restaurant
and you found the three people that were here eating,
I guess you must have searched them.
And then, I felt that you took them to the police station.
Yes, they accompanied Miwako and Takagi.
And none of the three of them were carrying any rolls of duct tape
like the one on the hose?
No...
In fact, the killer threw it at me as he fled the scene,
along with the hose.
Gee, and now you're letting us go?
You should have told us earlier.
Can you tell us... what the three suspects had on them,
when they were searched in detail?
Yes, Inspector Takagi told me, and I made a note of it.
The items that the waitress Yuna Shona was carrying in her bag were these:
a wallet, cigarettes, a lighter, a cell phone,
chewing gum, a handkerchief, tissues and a house key.
Freelance worker Sosuke Mizushina
carried a purse in his jacket pockets,
a cell phone, a mask, a house key and an eyeglass case in his jacket pockets.
And Mr. Nakanishi, a company employee,
carried the briefcase and in the jacket pockets a wallet,
house keys, a cell phone,
company documents and a hand towel.
Interestingly, none of them were carrying any valuables.
I imagine that Devi also searched the restaurant?
Yes, we did take a look, but we didn't find anything.
Not even a pair of gloves?
If one of the three regular customers to a burglar
would have had to wear gloves, don't you agree?
Ah... well, now that you mention it!
The scientists found a pair of gloves.
They were checking around the house
and suddenly saw them under a sewer grate.
But they were too contaminated to know who they belonged to.
So, now everyone thinks that the Miike and I...
are responsible for letting the killer escape.
Finally the three suspects were able to return home...
and we feel terrible,
because we haven't stopped investigating them for a moment!
-No, of course not, none of them.
-Any problem?
But listen...
If the two police officers involved in that case
sell at the restaurant every day,
I doubt the killer would be too eager to come in for noodles.
If I were the killer, I'd be too scared to come here for lunch.
Of course it would!
You're not implying that we act without thinking, are you?!
No... and now...
(Sonoko) What are you saying?
We're not implying anything.
(Sonoko) "This means..."
"So..."
I've always thought

that the real culprit is Yuna Shon, the waitress.
I have come to this conclusion
because the woman who died was also a waitress, right?
-Hey, good thinking, Akiya.
-Maybe they were related.
This was already investigated at the time.
The victim, Miss Atsuko Tonda,
and Miss Shona had both worked at the same club some time ago,
according to our inquiries.
But last year Ms. Shona changed jobs
and they no longer had contact.
Apparently they no longer had any kind of relationship.
Wait a minute.
If she had worked at the same club,
she must have known his schedule and could have known exactly
when to enter his house to steal, couldn't he?
In this case Mr. Nakanishi could also know!
Mr. Nakanishi was a regular customer of the club where Ms. Tajik worked.
of the club where Miss Tonda worked
and often asked expressly that he served her.
I guess he must have known a lot of things.
And I'm sure Mr. Mizushina must have known Miss
must also have known Miss Tonda's schedule.
The convenience store where she worked part-time was located right across the street from her house.
was located right in front of her house.
But, unfortunately....,
the store closed a few days before the day of the murder.
Now, are you sure that none of them...
has changed their attitude since the day of the crime?
Well, as a matter of fact,
Miss Shona has started using a lot of vinegar.
She says it's to preserve her beauty.
Mr. Mizushina now only orders
dumplings stuffed with chicken and rolls...
and Mr. Nakanishi lately
has started ordering two bowls of noodles instead of one.
I know..., but I don't think this has anything to do with the crime.
And by any chance...
was it established that he stole from Miss Tonda, the thief?
Actually, we're not quite sure.
Although there were indications that the safe had been broken into,
when the C.S.U. opened it,
they found a lot of money inside.
But the drawers where she kept the accessories and the jewelry
were open and all jumbled up,
although they left a lot of pieces that had value.
So..., surely the murderer must have taken the earrings.
What earrings?
Miss Tonda, although not a regular customer,
often came to the restaurant.
I don't remember when it was, but one day she came in a little drunk...
and in a very loud voice she said...
Hey, maestro, look carefully!
Look at those earrings!
Mm?
Wow, how beautiful!
Did one of your regular customers give them to you?
Yes, you got it right!
I'm carrying a few million yen!
Normally I keep them safely tucked away at the bottom of my dresser,
but since today is my birthday,
I thought it was a good time to show them off.
-Thank you...
-I didn't know, for many years!
A waitress who is not at all popular or friendly,
a customer who only comes in for a drink,
who doesn't give any more gifts and has proven to be a real cheapskate...
And a bastard who works part-time
and they wait for me from the convenience store,
I doubt very much that they will ever get...
a treasure of as much value as me.
- (at the same time) "Very unwise."
-That's what he said.
Gee, and why didn't he say that?
It's relevant information!
Well, because... now I just remembered!
And speaking of remembering, it has come to my mind that the day of the crime,
more or less at the same time... there was another client here...
...another customer?
"There was..."
-What?!
-What?!
"So, aside from the three suspects:
"The shona, in Mizushina and in Nakanishi,
there was another customer that day."
"Who would it be?"
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!

As I have commented before,
Yumi and I were chasing the assassin
from both ends of this street,
and after some maneuvering,
we managed to corner him in this restaurant!
It just so happens that...
"What noise could it be... cla-cla, click-click, click-click?"
"As he was running away... I've got it!"
Where are you going, Conan?
Masumi?
But what are you doing?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Noodles so good they kill 2 (part 2)."

