(Shinichi voice) "After class,
"The girls discuss the noodle contest
"that they saw on TV the day before,
they get hungry and go to Masumi's favorite noodle restaurant."
"There we found three customers."
"Miss Yuna shona. Mr. Sosuke Mizushina."
"And Mr. Osamu Nakanishi."
"All three of them have a little strange behavior,
they use a lot of vinegar, soybeans and pepper, respectively."
"When they leave, they enter the restaurant...
"Police officers Yumi Miyamoto and Naeko Miike,
"And they tell us that the three customers are suspects in a murder case
that took place in the neighborhood."
About a week ago,
when Yumi and I were patrolling this area...
(Megaphone: Naeko) "Hey, you, hey! What are you doing?"
"Wait, where?!"
"Then, I turned around very quickly and waited for you."
"But only Yumi appeared.
That day the merchants on the street were having a meeting,
and the lights in the stores were off and there were no pedestrians.
Yes, there wasn't a soul.
"The only store open was the Ogura noodle restaurant,
'So good they kill'!"
(Conan voice) So, this means that the last customer of the restaurant?
on the night of the events should be the culprit of the murder, right?
What happens is that the three of them
entered more or less at the same time, exactly like today.
And between the moment when the three customers entered the restaurant
and the moment you came in, a long time passed.
Eh?
Yumi, aren't you going to chase the ordinary killer, you?
Of course I am.
But while chasing the suspect, he slipped and fell.
It's true that I fell, but it's because of the hose!
The killer threw it at me.
The hose?
A hose that must have been about two meters long.
At first, we thought it might be the murder weapon.
What made you think it was the murder weapon?
If memory serves, the woman had blood coming out of her head, right?
When we saw the killer,
he was spinning the hose in front of the house with all his might.
There was duct tape on one end of the hose.
(Think) "...with all his might?"
(Thinks) "He was spinning the hose..."
And speaking of remembering, it has come to my mind that on the day of the crime,
more or less at the same time, there was another client here...
...another customer?
(Shinichi, think) "What was there...?"
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splashed by the crime
Is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"Another dangerous customer? Who was the killer spinning the hose?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"Noodles so good they kill 2 (Part 2)"
(Naeko) Pe-sorry, just a moment.
How is it possible?
That day, when we rushed into the restaurant,
there were only the three regular customers who just left.
Yes, you're right, because the other customer finished his noodles...
minutes before those three came in, and then left.
"It was Yumi's boyfriend!"
Ah!
This restaurant's noodles are the best in the whole world!
(Yumi and Shinichi, think) "What? Master Haneda?"
No way, it's totally impossible!
As I already mentioned, Yumi and I were chasing the killer....
from both ends of this street,
and after some maneuvering, we had him cornered in the restaurant!
That's why, if her boyfriend had left here...
just before the murderer came in...,
either Yumi or I would have been forced to watch.
Right, Yumi?
Mm?
He-he-he-he!
It just so happens that...
(Naeko) What?
Did you really run into him on the street?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

But... then it would be while chasing the killer, right?
Yes, more or less.
When the killer threw the hose at me and I fell to the ground,
he suddenly appeared and came running to help me.
-Mm?
-Excuse me, did you do it wrong?
-Hello, Yumi.
-Chukichi?
-That's you.
What were you doing?
-What are you doing here? -What are you doing here?
Man, before I fell I was chasing a suspect!
-Yeah, right now...
-You didn't see anyone ordinary, did you?
But it was too dark, I only heard some footsteps...
and I saw a figure walking away.
-That's right.
-You saw a figure, huh? -You saw a figure, huh?
He threw a roll of duct tape and walked away.
Duct tape?
Listen to me, please.
This could be dangerous, go home.
I'll tell you some other time!
Since that day he and I have never spoken again.
Maybe it's because we still haven't been able to solve the case.
Ah...
And here I was wondering why it had taken you so long
if you'd just stumbled and that's all.
-I'm sorry.
-You should have explained it to me.
But since I saw that he was breathing normally,
I thought he couldn't be the killer.
Besides, I didn't want him to get involved in a police case.
Even if he was breathing normally, he could be involved, couldn't he?
That's right...
Eh?
Letting him walk away just like that isn't an attitude worthy
of a serious and upstanding police officer.
Mm!
It doesn't matter.
I don't know what to say...
If he was eating noodles until just before the crime took place,
Chukichi is totally innocent!
-Mm.
-Yes, of course.
Wow, so your boyfriend's name is Chukichi, huh?
Actually, he's my ex-boyfriend.
Hey, Yumi, why don't you try giving him a call?
According to what you said, your boyfriend has a very good memory.
He's my ex-boyfriend.
All right, if there's nothing else to do...
Well, in the meantime, I'll call my brother.
In fact, he's the one who recommended this restaurant.
Maybe he knows the three suspects and everything.
That's a good idea.
Can you imagine Masumi finding out who the murderer is by talking on the phone?
No way!
(Phone)
Ah, hello, Yumi, sweetheart.
I think you'll have to forgive me...
For that day we were supposed to go out and couldn't make it.
I always have urgent things to do on days when you have a holiday.
No need to worry about that, now.
One question.
"Do you remember, a week ago, I was chasing a suspicious person,
I stumbled and then you came along?"
-One moment, they're calling me.
One second.
- (phone: tut-tut)
-Oh, hello...
-Hey, hi, it's me.
What?
You're talking to someone important and I'll call you back later?
Hey, hold on!
What, you've already hung up on the other call?
I'm not mad.
- "Of course you're not!"
-Do you go out with another girl?
Wow, she hung up on me!
(Shinichi, think) "They have curiously synchronized conversations..."
Hey, I was calling to find out...
if there was anything you didn't tell me about the suspect
I was chasing the last day we met.
Something I didn't tell you, huh?
Well, now that you mention it...
He was making some kind of weird noise when he walked down the street:
"Cla-cla, click-click," Yumi.
Eh?
The suspect was making a strange noise while running away?
Yes, I understood you when you said he was making: "Cla-cla, click-click-click".
(Shinichi, think) "What noise could it be.... 'click-clack, click-click'?"
(Think) "While running away.... Ah! Got it!" 2
"Sure, he did it to pick them up..."
(Conan voice) But when I go search the restaurant thoroughly,
I guess I'm also going to look at the toilets.
-Inside the cistern, too?
-Yes, we looked everywhere.
Of course, we took a look.
But there was no jewelry or anything like that.
-Oh?
-Huh? -Where are you going, Conan?
Where are you going, Conan?
Masumi?
-Mm?
-But what are you doing?
Ah...
Eh?
(Thinking) "Now I get it."
"That's why the killer was spinning the hose hard..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "So as not to leave them at the crime scene."
"And that the killer keeps coming every day at the restaurant means..."
(He thinks) "...that he still hasn't recovered them."
"A treasure worth... a few million yen."
-Welcome!

-Hello, good evening!
-Wow, no other customer today?
-How are we doing?
Until a moment ago there was quite a large and lively group of people.
Ah, yes?
Ah.
Mm.
Hello!
As you can see, today we repeat!
And you've come again with the nano, eh, Mari?
Apa, you know very well that I call me Masumi!
-Yes, of course!
-Master, I'm in a hurry.
May I order?
I want crestas, rolls and a small bowl of rice.
Oh, and some spring rolls too.
That's weird!
I see you don't want noodles today either.
-In fact, I wanted to vary a little.
-What's the matter, has he gotten tired of it?
Before, he always asked for God of Death noodles.
Oh, he did?
I love them!
But there's something I don't quite understand.
Eh?
How come it's in this place?
There's only a little soy sauce left.
It's very likely to run out right away, isn't it?
Whenever you eat crestas, spring rolls, and spring rolls.
soy sauce is used.
And I remember yesterday he put a lot of it on.
And when he ran out, he asked for more soy sauce.
And another thing.
Yes, you are right...
When he arrived at the restaurant,
I don't suppose there were any other customers sitting there, were there?
However, he chose a place where there was only a little bit of sauce left.
Well... well, look...
Could you tell me why?
This is normal...
Even if you like a lot of dishes that are eaten with soy sauce,
before you sit down, you don't look at the amount of sauce left in the bottles.
You probably sat there without thinking about it at all.
Yes, this...
You have to think that this is not like popsicles, Conan,
that when you finish them you see if there's a prize.
There's nothing at the end of the soy sauce bottle, is there?
Hello!
Please give me a big bowl of God of Death noodles.
Hey, Sato... Sa-Sato, I mean...
-And fried rice crests.
Satoko, you'll be pleased if you eat that much for dinner.
Don't suffer, Taka... Takyuki.
Tonight I'm going to do an intensive exercise session.
By the way, I wanted to tell you some news.
About a week ago there was a murder very close to here.
What?!
I didn't know anything about it.
A woman had forgotten something in her house
and when she came back to get it... she found a burglar in her face.
They must have struggled and the woman fell...
with such bad luck that she hit her head on the stairs...
and got a gash in her head.
When the police arrived, she had bled to death.
But the burglar, instead of running away,
he started to turn a hose with great force.
-It's terrible!
-What, not to die of fright?
It's terrible!
It makes my hair stand on end!
Excuse me, can I ask you a question?
The hose that the killer was spinning had nothing stuck to the tip?
Yes, I see you're also aware...
According to the police, there were traces of adhesive tape...
on one end of the hose,
so it's possible that something got caught on it.
That's weird!
And what would it be?
If the one that the murderer stuck was some breathable fabric,
and if the end that spun over the head was just that one,
it would have worked like a vacuum cleaner.
I mean, centrifugal force
usually pushes the air in the hose outward,
and at the same time an equal amount of air
is sucked in at the other end.
They did a very similar experiment on TV the other day.
Maybe the killer also saw the program.
Yes!
But what kind of tissue should he use, then?
I don't know, but it's quite possible that the killer took the hose from the yard.
Therefore, he must have used some clothes that were in the house...
or some piece he had on hand or was wearing.
But the clothing of a handkerchief, for example,
would be too thin to use as a filter.
Let's see, what could it be?
Something that lets air through but doesn't have big holes in it.
You know what I think?
I think it could be a mask!
Because when you open it, you can breathe perfectly well,
but it doesn't let dust particles through.
Thank you!
Wow, Conan, you're a crack!
And while we're on the subject of masks,
it seems to me that on the day of the murder you were wearing one, weren't you?
Ah, it's just that I had... a bit of a cold that day.
I'd like to know what the killer wanted to suck with the hose,

that was more important than running away from ordinary people.
That's true.
By the way, the police officer who explained this whole case to me,
said that someone had crossed paths with the thief and that when he walked...
he made a very characteristic noise.
-That's right.
-A noise?
It seems that the thief was making a sort of "click-clack-click-click"...
with every step he took as he ran.
"Clack-clack-clack-clack"... that's very strange.
Maybe he had something stuck in a shoe, though.
Yes..., he must have stepped on something hard that got stuck...
to the sole of his shoe.
But what could it be?
What could be more important to him than running away from where you've committed a crime?
I think I've figured it out.
I think it might be glasses.
If you step on them, the lenses break, right?
Of course they do!
That would explain everything!
It's very likely that the killer dropped the glasses...
while struggling with the woman, and that he stepped on them.
That's why, before fleeing, he tried to retrieve the pieces of glass...
using the hose as a kind of vacuum cleaner.
Because even a small piece
could give clues about the type of lens,
its prescription and who bought them.
Blow!
It's really cool!
I...
Master!
I was wearing glasses that day, wasn't I?
-Of course.
-What?
Ah, yes, it's true that I was wearing them.
But I think I was also wearing... a glasses case, right?
Yes... but I don't understand what's wrong with that.
By the way, Conan, do you have a glasses case?
No, I don't.
I always wear them, I don't need the case.
The people who wear them are the ones who use two glasses,
one for distance and one for near.
And also people who just got a new prescription.
The lenses of the new glasses, at first, make you a little dizzy.
That's why you have to wear your old ones until you get used to them.
Hey, come to think of it, how do you like these new glasses?
-Yeah, man, I wasn't wearing them.
-What are you talking about?
What glasses are you talking about?
I mean, the day the woman they killed messed with you.
Huh?
You mean?
What I find very strange
is that the police even looked down the sink drain,
but apparently they couldn't find the broken glass.
-What?
Are you sure about that?
-I don't understand.
The police searched all three suspects thoroughly,
but it turns out none of them had it on them.
Look, I'm absolutely convinced...
that if we explain all this to the police, they'll find it.
You know how efficient the Japanese police are!
I'm sure of that, Satoko!
(Thinking) "Hurry, hurry...!"
"I have to recover before the police find him!"
"Eh? It's gone! It's gone!"
"It's gone! Oh!"
-Wow.
Sorry, he's busy!
- (door: knock)
-Hey?!
I told you he's busy!
- (door: knock)
-Eh ?!
- (door, knocking: pam)
Eh ?!
Isn't this broken glass what you're looking for in here?
I'm very sorry,
but it's been a few hours since we found it inside the cistern.
She probably first thought of flushing it down the toilet,
but if the police checked the drain, he'd be lost.
He thought it was safer to hide it inside the cistern,
along with the other pieces of the glasses.
And to find a glass in the water you really have to look hard,
and if the glasses are with an open frame,
you would only have to hide the two side metal rods and the nose bridge.
and the bridge of the nose.
If the police had seen them, it is likely that they would have mistaken them....
with some part of the tank itself.
And since they were looking for the stolen jewelry, they would have overlooked it.
We suspect that on the day after the crime
managed to recover the frame of the glasses, but not the lenses.
After analyzing them, we found that they were from glasses...
that you bought at an optician's last month.
I don't like what you are insinuating!
This is not proof that I killed that woman!
Maybe not, but we also found the earrings you hid...
and the soy sauce bottle.
You must have hidden them just before Yumi and Naeko...
came in here looking for the suspect.

But he did not know inside which bottle they were,
so he started coming every day.
He always asked for ridges and rolls, because they are eaten with soy sauce.
And you should know that the prints we found on the earrings,
soaked in soy sauce,
are a perfect match to yours.
We have just received the arrest warrant from the judge.
We had to break into the toilet to arrest him immediately!
Aaa... Y-you are police officers?
Well, don't you remember us?
We've met before.
I'm Miwako Sato, 1st Violent Crimes Division!
And I'm Wataru Takagi.
We were instructed to stay outside
and keep an eye on him until the arrest warrant arrived.
But we didn't want to run the risk
that he would take some employee or customer hostage and hold him.
Besides, if we entered the restaurant and it turned out that you recognized us, I'm sure you would have tried to run for your life,
I'm sure you would have tried to run for your legs.
That's why we have disguised ourselves and set up this story
with the help of Conan and all the people you see here.
(Shinichi, thinking) "Well, he had a good time, doing the little number."
In fact, you guys explained to us how the whole case went!
(Conan voice) Actually it wasn't me, it was more like Masumi.
(Conan voice) Where is she?
Excuse me..., where did Masumi go?
She just left.
She said she had to do something very urgent.
She said she had to do something very urgent.
Mari left without saying anything?
Gee, I neglected to give her the handkerchief again.
What? A handkerchief?
A handkerchief?
That's right, she left it here when she came in last week.
Hey, man, would you mind giving it back to Mari for me?
Don't worry, I'll give it to her.
Mm?
Look, I didn't mean to kill her, you understand?
I just wanted to scare her a little so I could steal her earrings!
-Oh...!
-Yes, explain this at the police station, that's all.
(Police, siren: ni-no)
Oops...
He also broke into the victim's safe
because he wanted to give it the appearance of a common robbery.
He didn't want anyone to realize
that the person who had stolen the earrings was precisely someone
he had heard about here at the Ogura restaurant.
Well, then, I think we should move on.
We have to go to the police station to record your statement.
And there's still the matter of the intensive exercise session.
Man, if you want to exercise, why don't you go to the gym?
What?
Ah!
Okay..., you guys.
(Miwako, thinks) "Idiot."
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
"Do you see? On one edge of the handkerchief is embroidered a name. It says Mari."
(Shinichi, he thinks) "There is not embroidered the name 'Mari', but 'Mary'."
"This means that the handkerchief is not Masumi Sera's....,
but that peculiar little girl who was in the photo with her."
"Wait a minute... What made me think that?"
"It could also be that the Masumi's real name was Mary," she said,
"But this would mean, therefore....,
that I met her and felt her name somewhere."
"The question is... where would it be?"
What the hell would it be?
She was being carried by a hard-working and very nice old couple.
The dead person on the bridge was wearing brown shoes.
Ah, yes, an insurance salesman came by in the afternoon.
Well, if that's the case, it doesn't make much sense for him to go over the bridge, you're right.
Of course it does!
It must be from the temple garden behind.
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode: 'The Mystery Boy'."

