(Man) It's all very dry.
The river always dries up and everything, at this time of the year.
It's true, it doesn't rain at all.
And look, the railing is black with dust.
So, what was that you wanted to tell me?
Ah... we crossed the bridge.
I'll show you something on the other side.
Wow.
All right, but hurry up.
I want to get to the mall before they close.
It won't take a moment.
We won't be long, you'll see.
-What's the matter with you now?
-Oh!
-What's wrong with you now?
-Look over there.
What's flying?
What the hell is it?
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
"A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"Strange lights create confusion."
"And an unexplained coincidence works the miracle."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The mysterious boy."
So what?
This afternoon you also want to go looking for UFOs like yesterday?
Sure, man.
We've only been going for two days.
You're right, two days without any result.
That's why we are convinced that the third one is the good one.
Isn't that right?
Yes !!!
But if UFOs don't...
Wow.
You see, you don't believe they exist either.
Well, this month there have already been 3 people who have seen one.
3, right?
3.
And all the witnesses have said that it was here, very close to Komet Bridge.
And they all said that it was giving off golden rays
and that it was flying over the river at a great speed.
Wow, how strong!
Aliens have also been seen walking along the dry riverbed.
And that, the Junior Detective League has to investigate.
"What do aliens have to do with detectives?"
That's why we've decided we'll be back tonight.
Yes !!!!
Hey.
See.
The blinds in the toy store are up.
Eh?
That means maybe they'll open it again.
It's closed.
Genta, it's been closed for years, this store.
I used to come here a lot, before.
I remember it was run by
a very hard-working and very nice old couple.
Yes, but I couldn't find anything I liked,
because they only had antique and old-fashioned toys.
Hey, what are you looking at?
Come on, let's go.
Hey.
Watch out, man, your hands are smeared with ice cream.
Oh, sorry.
You've left my shirt all sticky.
See?
Maybe you could reopen the store and everything.
The kids still like them, these toys.
Have you seen the little boy with the glasses,
how he looked at the antique train on this shelf?
No.
Put that down!
Don't touch it!
You scared me and I dropped it.
Ah!
It was old and could not be sold.
I know, but for my wife it was a treasure.
You know what you have to do?
Sell you the store, so you can pay me back the money.
-All right, I'll sell it.
-I can't wait any longer.
-Yes. -Yes.
-Really? -Yeah.
And I expect you, at least, to leave some incense offering on the altar.
I don't have time for nonsense.
All right, then, let's leave it.
Ah, yes.
Take this bottle with you, if you like.
You who like strong liquors...
Are you sure you don't want it?
It's expensive Scotch, isn't it?
I bought it on a trip
I made with my wife in Great Britain.
But I haven't had it for a long time, it doesn't agree with me.
Ah.
Well, thank you.
Ah.
It is strong.
But how nice, you!
Well, I'm leaving, I'll be back soon with the documents for the sale.
Come on, bye.
These kids are so cute.
Come on, you're going out too, you, now?
Yes, I want to talk to you about something.
Will you come with me for a moment, please?
What do you want to talk about?
And do we have to go very far?
(Nagai) It's all very dry.

It always dries up the river and everything, this time of year.
It's true, it doesn't rain at all.
And look, the railing is black with dust.
So, what was that you wanted to tell me?
We crossed the bridge.
I'll show you something on the other side.
Wow.
All right, but hurry up.
I want to get to the mall before they close.
It won't take a moment.
We won't be long, you'll see.
It fits in here.
I'm sure it was a UFO, that one.
I saw it pass over the bridge and land down here.
Oh, was it?
But you mean it was a UFO?
I didn't see anything.
I didn't see it either, really.
It landed over here and then it stopped making light.
-Yes!
-Well, let's look for it.
- (Mitsuhiko) Let's see if we get lucky.
- (Genta) It must be nearby.
Hm?
(Mitsuhiko) What's this?
It looks like a...
But what's this doing here?
Hey, Conan.
What'd you see?
Hey, Conan. What did you see?
Stay back.
Hold it right there.
Oh, call the police.
Hurry, please.
Right away.
The victim's name was Tsutomu Oshiro, 30 years old.
He worked at a finance company called Kuromaru Finance.
Yes, he could be.
He must have been a debt collector.
From what we've seen on the security cameras,
around 4:00 p.m. he left the finance company
and headed straight here, without passing through any other place.
Therefore, it is likely that he came from the neighborhood to collect a debt.
Yes, it is possible.
But, from the looks of things,
it looks like he got drunk and fell off the bridge.
And, therefore, it would be an accident.
I want you to go to the finance company tomorrow to see what he was working on.
Yes, understood.
As far as I know, you came all this way with the idea of seeing UFOs?
Yes.
(Takagi) You haven't felt any noise or seen anyone looking suspicious?
Thank you very much, guys,
but I'd say it was most likely an accident.
We'll do all the routine investigations...
Excuse me, Inspector Megure.
I noticed that the victim has a printed voucher in his wallet...
for a 50% discount at Shinobiya ramen restaurant in his wallet.
That's very good, and let me take this?
Because if the voucher was printed out and carried in the wallet,
it's likely that he intended to go for lunch today.
Well, I would be very surprised.
Why did he have to go over this bridge,
if he wanted to go to the Shinobiya restaurant?
It's an unnecessary detour.
It could also be that he was planning to go another day.
No.
Because this voucher is only valid until the date.
Therefore, it's very likely that he was planning to go after the work is done.
Well, if that's the case, it doesn't make much sense for him to go over the bridge,
you're absolutely right about that.
If he had already finished the job and was going to the restaurant, it doesn't make sense for him to go over the bridge,
it doesn't make sense for him to go over the bridge, it's true.
But if he hadn't finished it, it doesn't make sense for him to drink alcohol either.
"This smell..."
(Door: knock)
Who is there?
(Knock)
(Knock) Huh?
(Knock) Oh.
(Knock)
(Knocking)
Who's calling?
(knocking) Huh?
Ah. (knocking)
Hello, boy, why are you calling at this hour?
Sorry to bother you.
I live near here,
but I've neglected my passwords and I can't get into the house.
No, they haven't arrived.
And your parents haven't arrived?
Would you mind if I stayed here for a while until they get back?
Stay here?
No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's better than...
It looks like they found a dead body on Komet's bridge.
A dead body?
Now I understand why there were so many sirens a while ago.
And they say he's been murdered.
This neighborhood is getting more and more dangerous.
Okay, you can go in, go ahead.
You can wait here until your parents arrive.
Thank you very much.
What are you doing now?
Go on, get inside.
These boomerangs that make light are pretty old, aren't they?
Gee, it's been a long time since I've seen one.
Did you miss your train?
Yes, quite a disgrace.
He had the rack and it fell.
That's right.
Which one?
This one here?
He wanted to pick it up and, by accident, it slipped out of my hands and fell.
Hm.
And he lives alone here?
Or with someone?
Sol.
Unfortunately, my wife died last year.
She was in the hospital for a long time
for a very complicated illness.
Yes.

And since then he lives alone?
And today you have not come to see anyone?
No, you're the only person I've seen.
So, he's been alone here all day?
Well, yes.
Today I have not moved from home.
Hm.
What are you doing now, boy?
Well, yes.
One question: does your shoulder hurt?
About 6 months ago... every time I raise my arm it hurts a lot.
But how did you know this?
How did you see it?
Because the bottom of this piece of furniture is clean,
but the top is very dusty.
And I immediately thought that it could be...
because he can't lift his arm properly to clean it.
Well, yes, boy, that's exactly what it is.
I have a hard enough time cleaning the top.
And how did you do it, to take the train off the shelf?
The shelf is very high.
Eh?
And if it hurts so much, as it has done, to take the train engine?
That's why I fell.
Because I wanted to catch it and I hurt myself.
And why did you want to catch it, if you knew it would hurt you?
For no particular reason.
I started to remember things from before and I wanted to catch it.
Well, look, I'm convinced that you came to see someone today.
Hm?
How can you know that?
It's not true.
I don't know why you call them, these things.
Because I've seen shoe shine marks.
Huh? (Laughs)
What do you have, on your face?
I say here, look, on the floor.
There's some brown stains.
This is shoe polish, right?
Come to think of it.
The person they found dead on the bridge was wearing brown shoes.
Ah, yes.
An insurance salesman came by this afternoon.
They're probably from his shoes, these stains.
But I'm not interested in any insurance and he left right away.
That's why I didn't remember he had come.
Well, to leave these marks on the floor, you have to rub a little hard,
like when you take off your shoes or put them on.
That's why I'm convinced that you have removed them.
How come he let her in, if he's not interested in any insurance?
Listen to me, son, it's late and your parents have already returned home.
Excuse me, would you mind smelling my hand for a moment?
Do it, please.
You're going to lose my patience.
Yes, I am.
They smell like strawberries, don't they?
It's just that this afternoon my friend knocked on your door knob
with his hands dirty with ice cream.
I also touched it a moment ago when I knocked on the door,
and that's why now they smell like strawberry too.
We understand.
It's all right.
I'll clean it tomorrow and that's it.
It's just that the hand of the man who turned up dead had the same smell.
He came here today, didn't he?
Did he?
I don't know what you're getting at, son, really.
But you seem to be implying
that I'm involved in his death somehow.
Because it's true, isn't it?
Don't want to deny it.
B-but what a thing to say, boy.
That man killed her yourself.
You're making a... a very serious accusation, think about what you're saying.
If it were true, right now I'd be in the house of a murderer.
Because I don't have one.
And I do not see that you are afraid of me.
I know you're not a bad person, even if that boy died.
You say what you want,
but I have nothing to do with any murder.
Couldn't it be that he fell off the bridge by accident?
He threw this on the bridge when he couldn't see it,
took advantage of it to distract him, and then knocked him off the bridge.
Soc unable to throw a boomerang so well to make it go where I want it to go.
Before yes, but not now, because he has been practicing on the bridge for days.
He has been testing how it flies and how it shines.
There are several witnesses...
who have seen it flying around the area and have mistaken it for a UFO.
Yes.
What's that?
A UFO?
Even the kids in my group are talking.
What nonsense...
Besides, why should I want to do, this barbarity?
Why should I want to push someone off a bridge?
The man who died was young and stocky;
physically, he was a little lean, to get rid of them.
Besides, his shoulder hurts?
and he practically can't even lift his arm.
That's why he had to distract her with something,
so that he could unbalance her by grabbing her legs.
How can you know that I've grabbed her legs?

Because the man's pants were black from the dirt on the bridge.
As well as one of his hands, which was all black and dirty.
And this shows that he had leaned on the railing
or tried to hold on.
But this in no way proves that I did it.
I am incapable of killing someone, I am not a bad person.
These old boomerangs are no longer sold in any store.
And yet you have plenty of them here.
And there is also the detail of the strawberry ice-cream
in the hand of the man found dead.
These are all coincidences.
I have nothing to do with all this.
If this is true, how is it that you know that the bridge has collapsed?
I only told you that a man had been found dead on Komet Bridge.
Eh?
If there is a dead man on a bridge, it is logical to think that he has fallen off the bridge, isn't it?
And if he had been drinking scotch and was drunk on top of it,
he must have fallen alone, that's why...
Well, well, and how did you know?
that the victim had been drinking scotch?
He didn't say beer, he didn't say plain scotch.
How did you know it was Scotch?
It just came out that way.
I don't know why I said it.
It doesn't work, does it?
Although it must be missing some part, one of the gears,
or who knows.
Yes, of course.
Have you looked for it on the ground?
Think hard about exactly where it fell.
Maybe the missing piece ended up in his shoe.
The police don't think he died by accident.
They will soon learn that the victim came home before he died.
And if the locomotive gear is found inside his shoe,
they'll have no trouble tying it up
and establish that you are the culprit.
My wife was ill,
she was in the hospital for a long time before she died.
And hospitals are expensive.
In the end, I had to resort to some quick loans
made by a mafia financier to pay the bills.
The man they found dead on the bridge today was one of their bill collectors.
It was very cruel, to me, and very hard,
but at the time I didn't care much,
because at the time I was only thinking of my wife's health.
But one day he had the bar to go all the way to the hospital
and demanded that we give her money back.
When he found out that we had so much debt, it started to get worse.
Her last words were "I'm so sorry".
You know what?
I remember you.
You know what?
All the time I thought I knew you from somewhere.
You're the kid who was in the store when the train went down.
-I didn't see him.
-Who made him fall, this train? -Who made him fall?
Hm.
It was him, who made the train engine fall.
Yes, man!
What are you saying?
It wasn't me.
Why do you make things up?
I don't make up anything.
Look, the stool has your shoe marks on it.
It is evident that someone has climbed on the stool to get it
and made it fall.
And, from the footprints, it couldn't have been the girls.
And even though all three children are wearing similar shoes,
the marks on the stool are from slightly wet, sticky dirt.
But the soil in the schoolyard is very dry, so it can't be.
Something doesn't quite add up for me.
Of course there is.
It must be from the temple garden in the back.
If you notice, your shoes are very dry...
because you must have come from the schoolyard,
so it couldn't have been you.
And as for you, you are too tall,
you don't need a stool to get there.
So the only thing left is you.
It was you.
Hey.
Come back here.
Hey, why don't you chase him?
There's no need for me to go after him, I'm sure he'll come back on his own.
I trust him, I know he'll do what's necessary.
Eh?
But you made him miss the train!
Yes, a little, I know, but I'll fix it.
I'm sorry about that.
My wife talked a lot, about what happened that day.
Hm?
But that's impossible!
I'd like to say that you haven't changed a bit in at least 10 years.
How can that be?
If you go to the police on your own and turn yourself in, it will benefit you.
I find you've been very lenient with this man, don't you?
Yes, maybe.
Hm.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.

Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
Okay, then.
Takagi, go to Mr. Nagai's store right now.
Okay, okay, okay.
Sato, I want you to go investigate Kuromaru Finance tomorrow,
as we had planned.
I want you to check if they commit any irregularities.
All right, Inspector.
And you, Mr. Nagai, should accompany us to the police station.
Of course I will.
If you don't want to, don't answer me, but what made you decide to turn yourself in?
It's just that tonight the mysterious boy appeared to me.
Yes.
The mystery boy?
A boy similar to another one
I met at the store more than 10 years ago.
Hm.
And I'd say...
I'd say my wife sent it to me from heaven.
I'm convinced.
What's that?
Conan.
Doesn't this forest scare you?
It looks like zombies are about to start coming out.
Oh!
T-this is... the sword that Yoko told me about,
the cursed sword that turns the zombies it touches into ashes.
Mr. Harawaki!
Eh?
Oh!
We're getting out of here!
Let's go home!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A mansion surrounded by zombies (part one)'."

