(TV: man) "Mushroom, though... I won't."
(TV: woman) "Don't be stupid. It'll be daylight soon."
"The rescue team is about to arrive."
"You save yourself. Now I can't even move my leg that's been bitten off."
"Lo... Mushroom, go by yourself, leave me here."
"But how can I do this to you?"
"Look out the window."
"Yeah... we can't even see outside because of the zombies."
"If you're going to help me, with the wound I have,
it's impossible for you to get out of here alive."
"On the other hand, if you go alone, and with the Zombie Sword,
you have a chance of making it through."
"Lo-hongo, you have to survive....
y... avenge my... death."
What to suffer.
Shut up and watch, Ran.
In Hayato does very strange things.
"I'll drag you out of here if I have to drag you out!"
(growl)
You see?!
I told you so!
"Hayato."
Hurry up!
Get out of here right now!
Run away!
Hurry up!
Get out of here!
"Hayato..."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"A black cloth splashed by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"At the Ran doesn't like horror movies."
"But the set is even more terrifying."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"A mansion surrounded by zombies (part one)."
Yikes!
It's summer vacation, but since you look bored to me,
I decide to take you on a hike and you can't stop yawning.
It's because of that scary movie you went to rent yesterday.
I couldn't sleep until the wee hours of the morning.
What do you want me to do?
It's a C-movie and I wanted to see it.
Yoko Okino is in it and they won't show it on TV anymore.
By the way, Kogoro, how's your belly?
He was supposed to rent.
Mm?
Until recently, he kept repeating that he was very hungry.
Yes, but now I'm over it.
You don't have to eat between meals.
I guess you remember the doctor told you
you have very high cholesterol.
He still hasn't explained where we're going.
Yes, I know where we're going.
Ha-ha...
You'll see when we get there.
Th-th-this is the mansion...
it's the mansion from the zombie movie we saw last night.
Yes.
We came here as a pilgrimage.
This is done a lot.
There's a lot of people who go to visit places
where movies or shows have been filmed.
Yes, but people go to places where mythical scenes have been shot.
Oh!
This is the door where Yoko spat blood!
And from that window Yoko threw a zombie!
AAAI!
This is full of treasures!
(Birds: xiscladissa)
(Birds: xiscladissa) What?
Conan.
Aren't you afraid of this forest?
It looks like zombies are about to start coming out.
Don't worry, Ran, no zombies will come out of here.
(Heiji) Sometimes they do come out, zombies.
There won't be any zombies coming out, because... (Heiji) Oh!
A zombie!
(Heiji) Ah!
Heiji, Kazuha!
What are you two doing here?
What questions!
You've come here on a pilgrimage, just like me.
We're not such idiots.
We didn't come here for this, but we're here for a rather similar matter.
What do you mean?
We're here because of an incident that happened with a couple
who had also come on a pilgrimage.
When they finished their visit to the mansion,
they got in the car to go home, started it up,
and something jumped out in front of the car and ran over them.
They thought it was an animal
and wanted to get out of the car to confirm it,
but when they opened the door they smelled rotting flesh,
and, when they looked under the car, out crawled...
"... a zombie with a broken neck and his clothes all torn!"
And do you know what happened to him, to the couple?
They left as fast as they could

and they told it all to a friend of theirs, Mr. Otaki.
And then Mr. Otaki, who is also my friend, told me.
Let's go in.
But I'm convinced it was just some jerk's practical joke.
Let's get out of here!
Let's go home!
What's gotten into you?
Can't you see we just got here?
The movie "The Zombie Sword: The Feast of the Dead Dinner Party"
has a huge following,
and there are rumors that a sequel is coming soon,
and that most likely they will end up filming it again in this mansion.
But I'm not at all sure that they will make a sequel.
-What?
-I'm sure there will be a sequel.
Yes, we've just come to shoot the trailer.
Ah... Who are you?
I'm Tetsuto Naito, director of "The Zombie Sword".
Well, if you're here to shoot the trailer,
you must have the whole film crew behind the van, right?
-There's also the leading actress ?!
-Exactly.
-Ah!
-Of course.
The leading actress, Ria Kawabata.
But... this is not Yoko Okino.
Isn't it a sequel?
Yes.
I've known Yoko since she made her film debut.
The first film starred her out of friendship.
What's wrong with this old man?
He doesn't like it, me playing the lead?
"No, not at all."
Indeed.
Look at this!
You know who she is, Kawabata Ria?!
I've seen her in many thrillers.
In fact, at first, Yoko Okino said...
she did want to be in the movie,
but her agency didn't give her the go-ahead.
That's why I later convinced Kawabata Ria,
who is a close friend of mine,
to agree to star in this C-movie.
Needless to say, it's a C-movie!
I hope it's at least well filmed.
So don't suffer.
Since we are such good friends, I'll make sure you look good in all the scenes.
Especially the one where you get bitten by a zombie
and you end up becoming a zombie.
-Kyoko!
No scenes like that!
-Oh, no?
This film by Rena Kawama, Yoko Hongo's cousin,
the role played by Yoko Okino.
The Rena Kawama inherits Yoko's Zombie Sword
and ends up exterminating all the zombies.
This is what the script says, right?
It doesn't say anywhere that the Ria ends up becoming a zombie.
But... but the truth...
is that such a twist would be nice, I would like it.
(Man) No, no, no!
This is not a short film for a university contest.
We can't go changing the script.
But... but I'm sure that he... would have...
Yeah, he would have...
I'm sure he would have...
preferred a crazy story
where the main character turns into a zombie
who ends up killing everyone in a battle with blood everywhere,
but you can get it out of your head, because he's gone now.
And the script is already finished and we have taken it for granted.
Nobody will change anything.
This morning I even decided on the title, as usual.
I have it inside this envelope.
Please be patient.
I'll let you know later.
When you say "he", who are you talking about?
We... we're referring to the president of the horror film club
at our university.
All of us on the team were members of the club, except for the director, of course.
So what do you say we head inside and start shooting?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Oh, that..., would you mind if I came in, too, for a while?
Father, please.
I'm sorry, but you can't come in and watch.
Yes, t-to go well, there mustn't be any noise.
No, no, I don't want to come in and watch,
it's just that... I-I-I-I-I have to go to the bathroom.
(Guts: make noise)
(Someone flushes the toilet)
What happened to him?
If I didn't know any better I'd say he was a zombie.
Maybe he ate something bad.
It can't be.
We all ate the same thing for breakfast today, didn't we?
Yeah, and we're fine.
Come to think of it,
on the way here the father said he had to go to the bathroom,
he stopped and went into the woods for a moment.
Ah, maybe he got bitten by an insect.
No, I didn't get bitten by an insect, but... I-I was very hungry and...
I found this mushroom and... and I took a bite out of it.
It's a mushroom called tsukiyotake.
It tastes really good, but it's very poisonous.

What a ?
Now we will start shooting.
You should be careful not to make too much noise.
Understood.
He's making a very bad face.
You mean he'll recover?
Mm-hm.
What's good for him is to rest.
Normally people don't die, to eat these mushrooms.
Man, if he's got to rest a little easier,
if you'd like, I can try to give you a ride to the hospital on my bike,
but I doubt you have enough strength
to ride with me here in the hospital.
Or we can ask the film crew to take him to the hospital
if they can take him with the van.
Come, Ran, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Yes, that would be fine.
I've been told that if we don't make any noise we can stay and watch.
Don't you want to watch the filming?
That's all right.
But it's just that...
Your father has to rest.
We don't do anything either, here.
We're leaving for a while, father.
You stay here in bed and rest.
(Ria) A... this is... the sword that Yoko told me about,
the cursed sword that turns the zombies you touch into ashes.
"The Zombie Sword!"
"What... what is this?"
"I feel like... something's going inside my body."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
-We cut!
-Workshop!
It's good!
No-there have been no external noises.
The lighting of the sword was also very good.
The recording was also very good.
Yes, it was amazing!
It was intense, wasn't it?
I can't wait for it to be finished so I can go see it at the cinema.
Ah..., I'm still not sure if I'm going to see it.
We have to wait until it gets dark for the next scene.
Shall we have dinner, even if it's a little early?
Yes, very well thought out.
Yes, I'm already hungry... Are you going to get the food in the van?
Yes, of course I am.
By the way, where is Mr. Harawaki?
Have you seen her?
It's strange.
She usually always comes back here and complains about the shooting.
If you wish, we can go look for him.
Yes, I'm sure it'll be by the mansion.
Yes, thank you.
With you, Ria, it feels like we're back to our college days.
So much so.
Too bad there's no president, too.
Then it would be amazing.
At least we have the president's older brother,
who is directing the film for us.
I'm sure the president would be very happy, too.
(Heiji) Eeei!
(Heiji) Where is he?
Where has he gone?
It's time to go to dinner!
Mr. Harawaki!
Maybe he's fallen asleep in one of these rooms.
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
We'll have to check them one by one.
(Conan voice) Mr. Harawaki!
(Conan voice) Eh?
Hey!
(Shinichi) Hey!
Are you alright?
(Shinichi voice) Wow... It's death.
He's not breathing anymore.
And look, he's holding his cell phone.
Let's see?
How strong!
Look at this!
Mm?
Oh!
How can it be?
It's recording!
What?!
That Mr. Harawaki's dead?!
-Yes. -Yes.
-He died of poisoning?!
He died of cyanide poisoning.
We know because his mouth smelled like almonds.
(Conan's voice) And because underneath the desk
there was a bottle of water
and another one with a label that said "potassium cyanide".
We noticed that his jaw was not yet too stiff,
and also the signs of livor mortis were beginning to appear,
but they were not yet very evident.
This means that it has been between 30 and 60 minutes since he has died.
But... how... how do you know all these things?
Yes.
Who are you?
Heiji Hattori from Osaka.
In the investigative world there are many people who know me
as the teenage detective of the west.
Are you a teenage detective?
If you are the western detective, is there also an eastern detective?
Yes, of course.
This boy that you see here, next to me, is...
...this boy knows him very well, he's called Shinichi Kudo.
The Ran knows a lot of things, too, about Shinichi Kudo.
Yes.
And you know him very well too, don't you?
And isn't there a possibility that someone forced him to take the poison?
No.
We know that he ingested it, the poison.
We have seen the video.
-Of the facts.
-Which video?
When we found Mr. Harawaki dead, he had a cell phone in his hand.
In the cell phone we found a recording, which he must have made himself,

when he took the poison and when he fell to the ground.
-Yes.
-It's recorded from far below.
Apparently he left his cell phone on the ground
leaning on a pack of cigarettes.
He had set the timer
to start recording after a while.
It's very clear here.
See how he pours the poison into the water bottle.
He takes a big gulp of the contents of the bottle, throws it away,
starts to writhe in pain...,
takes a couple of steps back, loses his balance,
falls to the ground and is right in front of the cell phone.
And then, I don't know why,
he stretches out his arm and grabs the cell phone that is recording the whole scene.
The cell phone remains on the ground, with a black screen.
But it stays on and continues recording the whole time.
And after about 50 minutes our voices start to be heard.
This means that the estimated time of death I mentioned earlier is more or less correct.
is more or less correct.
-The voice we just heard is yours.
- (Heiji) "Okay ?!"
(Shinichi voice) "Wow..."
Yes, it was me.
(Heiji) Oh!
(Heiji) "He's dead. He's not breathing anymore."
Conan, is this your voice?
It sounded just like Shinichi's to me.
He-he!
He wants to do like me.
"Oysters!"
And since he's accompanied me on a pile of cases, without realizing it,
he often does and says things just like me.
Although he's small, but he's always been a big fan of mine, hasn't he?
Yes, someday I'd also like to be as good and famous a detective as you.
Wow, I see you've become very close friends, now, you two.
Oh, yes, that's right.
(Shinichi voice) Come here.
You've been very skillful, now.
Thank you.
You saved my life.
I know, Kudo.
And that means you owe me one.
"Oysters!"
"He hasn't forgiven me for recording his confession to the Kazuha."
What I don't understand is why he would have recorded it, this video.
I still don't know why he recorded it,
but I'd almost put my hand on fire that it was a suicide.
On Mr. Harawaki's cell phone I found a frightening phrase.
From what it says, it sounded like a last will and testament.
-What does it say?
-The... last wills?
"On my old friend, on Joji Naito.
Although this poison will stop my heartbeat and kill me,
my soul will still be alive inside my body
and, from that moment on, the time available to me will be infinite.
Then, according to the events of this film,
The funeral procession of the dead '....,
I will invite all living beings in this mansion to join our world.
to join our world.
-The funeral procession of the dead?
-The...
It is what he had written on the paper inside the envelope
that we found in Mr. Harawaki's pants pocket.
I think it's the title of the film.
Earlier he said that later he would communicate.
And... Mr. Harawaki always decided on the titles?
Yes.
He said that was the producer's job.
He always decided, he would write it down, put it in an envelope,
and then he would open it in front of the whole recording crew and announce it.
I remember one time in Masahachi he opened the envelope by accident,
and Harawaki-san went ballistic.
He even changed the title of the movie.
Therefore, the phrase on Mr. Harawaki's cell phone....
we must assume that he must have written it himself.
This paper is so thick that it doesn't show through at all.
That's true.
And the envelope didn't look torn or damp either.
Right now what worries me more
is the name at the beginning of the sentence, this Joji Naito.
What?
Can anyone tell me who he is?
Before, when we were in front of the mansion, we have already told you.
In Joji Naito was the president of the horror movie club
of our university.
He was the president, but in Joji he was also my younger brother.
He died under, let's say, rather strange circumstances, and....
it's very likely that that fact influenced
Mr. Harawaki in some way.
And... under what circumstances did he die, Joji?
It... it happened 8 years ago.
We were here, in this very mansion,
shooting a short film for a university competition, and suddenly, in Joji,
who was the director, he said...

Mystery, why don't we make a mystery short film,
instead of horror?
If we can only shoot a mediocre short film because we are not professionals,
it's better to surprise the audience with mysteries
rather than scares.
Here we go again!
Another one of your nonsense!
There is very little time left, for the festival.
A... besides, your brother has left us a lot of material,
and to go well we have to return it to him.
It was you who suggested that we make a short film about zombies!
I'm not saying that zombies don't come out.
I only propose that we make a small change,
that the killer be a flesh and blood person, instead of a zombie.
And if you think we are not capable,
I'll disappear right now from this room,
but to give it a little color,
I will do it as a corpse that has come back to life in the form of a zombie.
We all knew that Joji always had such crazy ideas,
and then when he told us about them,
they often made sense and ended up being very good.
In the end he convinced us and we decided to go ahead with the experiment.
He was so insistent that we wanted to see what it was all about.
And how did it go?
How did it go?
Understandably.
He told us to wait outside for 10 minutes.
Masahachi stood outside the window to stand guard.
Mr. Harawaki, Kyoko and I also went outside...
and stood in front of the door.
After about 10 minutes we went back into the room and found that the president had disappeared.
and found that the president had disappeared!
Joji had disappeared!
-Yes, of course!
-And you looked for him everywhere?
We looked under the bed, inside the closet.... Everywhere.
We even looked out of the closet
to check that there wasn't a hidden door
or a corridor leading to the next room.
Then we thought he had gone out the window
while Ria and Masahachi went around the house to stand guard outside the window.
outside the window.
Ta... we also looked for him in the woods, but he was nowhere to be found either.
He was shouting like crazy until our throats were parched,
he caught us set, we decided to let him run for a while...
and we went to the village to have a beer
with Mr. Harawaki's car.
Then, Ria caught a very bad cold,
and the poor thing had to stay in bed for 3 days without being able to move.
And on the fourth day, when she recovered and we went back to the mansion....
"... we found him there, in the room, sitting on the floor,
with his face emaciated, his hands on his knees...
"And his head slightly tilted to one side... as if to say: 'At last...
as if to say: 'At last you've found me!"
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Sande mouningu kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Satadei Naito!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
It's absurd.
I'm convinced it must be this way.
He's... he's disappeared!
Just like the president 8 years ago!
He turned into a zombie and left the room!
"It can't be! He was dead! It's impossible for him to have been resurrected!"
The corpse has disappeared!
They're-they're... they're surrounding the whole house, the zombies.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A mansion surrounded by zombies (part two)."

