(Shinichi voice) "We went to a house where they were shooting a sequel to a zombie movie.
of a zombie movie."
"It's about a place where they say real zombies appear,
and Heiji and the Kazuha also came to check out the rumors."
"Then the film crew arrived
and the actors of the movie they were going to film."
"But, halfway through filming, the producer, Mr. Takashi Harawaki,
turned up dead."
A video was found on Mr. Harawaki's cell phone.
"showing that he had taken poison,
"and a sentence from his last will and testament,
and therefore we concluded that it was a suicide."
Right now what worries me the most
is the name at the beginning of the sentence, this Joji Naito.
What?
Can anyone tell me who he is?
In Joji Naito was the president of the horror film club
of our university.
He was the president, but... in Joji he was also my younger brother.
He died under, let's say, rather strange circumstances, and...
it's very likely that this influenced Mr. Harawaki in some way.
And under what circumstances did he die, Joji?
(Man) Why don't we make a mystery short film, instead of horror?
It was you who suggested that we make a zombie short film!
I'm not saying that zombies don't come out.
I'm just proposing that we make a small change,
that the killer be a flesh and blood person, not a zombie.
And if you think we are not capable,
I'll disappear right now from this room.
But to give it a little color,
I'll do it as a corpse that has come back to life in zombie form, mm!
He told us to wait outside for 10 minutes.
In Masahachi planted himself in front of the window, on the outside, to stand guard.
After just 10 minutes we went back into the room and found that the president had disappeared.
and found that the president had disappeared!
At Joji he had disappeared!
Then we thought that he had gone out of the window
while Ria and Masahachi were going around the house to stand guard outside.
to stand guard outside the window.
We looked for him in the woods, too, but-but he was nowhere to be seen.
He was screaming his head off until our throats were parched.
He caught us set, so we decided to let him run for a while...
and went into town for a beer with Mr. Harawaki's car.
Then, the Ria got sick...
and had to stay in bed for 3 days.
And on the fourth day, when she recovered and we went back to the mansion...
"A black cloth splashed by crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"The producer becomes a zombie
and his fellows surround the mansion of mysteries."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"A mansion surrounded by zombies (Part Two)."
And the police, how long did he tell them he had been dead,
your brother, when they found him?
They told us that he had been dead for about half a day.
It seems that what surprised them was that, the way his fingernails were, it looked like he had been scratching something,
it looked like he had been scratching something very insistently.
But on the other hand, in the whole room, they did not find any kind of mark.
Couldn't it be that one of the people present killed Joji somewhere else
and then brought him to the room?
Why-why should we have killed, us?
Besides, before we found the body....,
we spent the 3 days at Ria's house taking care of her,
and we didn't move from there!
-Eh?
-That's true.
But at home she had a lot of DVDs of horror movies,
and, apart from taking care of me, they spent the 3 days drinking and partying.
Besides, out of the whole group,
the only one who got his driver's license was Mr. Harawaki,
and he spent the 3 days drinking like crazy.

What-what do you mean?
That the only thing that knew how to drive was the person who committed suicide?
That's too bad.
-Yeah, no one else drives.
We have a dead body in the mansion and we can't go to the police.
What?!
Why can't we?
Can't we go to the nearest police station with our motorcycle?
No, we can't!
Earlier I saw that the gas tank was almost empty.
Well, you could have foreseen it and put it before!
And... can't we call with our cell phone and tell them to come?
Eh ?!
No, there is no reception here.
We can only wait until Ran's father feels better.
Ah, we hope it's soon.
What happened to the short film you shot for the university contest?
In the end we didn't finish the shooting.
Also, all the footage we had disappeared.
But... I'm convinced that if we could recover it, we could solve the mystery of the suicide of the man who committed suicide,
we could solve the mystery of Mr. Harawaki's suicide.
-Do you know anything that the rest of us don't?
-What mystery?!
What do you mean?!
I can't explain it to you at the moment.
I'll tell you when the police arrive.
I could be wrong and I don't want to tangle the skein any more.
(Kazuha) Ran..., would you like to accompany me to the bathroom?
Yes, I was actually thinking of asking you the same thing.
I wish they'd stop talking about such scary things.
I have a feeling that a zombie will appear at any moment.
(Both) Hey?!
Oh, yes, it's true...
Mm?
Ka... Ka-Ka-Ka-Kazuha...
Do you have the same feeling as me?
Yeah, maybe it's...
Someone's coming up behind us?
A-a... zombie!
Ah...
Father!
Oh...
Father!
Oh, I was so scared!
Luckily it was your father.
Oh, Father!
What a scare you gave us!
They're... they're surrounding the whole house, the zombies.
-Ah...
- (both) What?!
The zombies?
Don't talk nonsense!
You must have such a fever, poor thing, you're starting to see visions already.
Poor thing.
What you have to do is to go back to bed to rest.
(Heiji) What, Mr. Mouri, are you feeling better?
Ah...
We can't go to the police alone, you must accompany us.
Heiji, can't you see that he still can't?
He ate a poisonous mushroom.
My... my-look...
Look outside, there's...
Take it easy, Father.
You can't move, though.
No, you'd better stay in bed a little longer.
I see... we'll have to sleep here tonight.
What?!
You're already thinking about sleeping?
We haven't even had dinner yet.
You can't even imagine how hungry I am.
There's a grocery store in 3 hours, down the mountain.
Really?
If they let us, we can call the police and an ambulance.
It's the store where all the crew went when they came to shoot the short film.
Ah!
There's one thing that really surprises me:
that everyone who was a member of the horror film club
have come back together now just to shoot this sequel.
Do you remember they said that the director's younger brother died?
Mr. Tetsuto Naito, died?
It seems that he had invited them to participate in a new project.
He intended to finish his brother's short film,
which they were going to submit to the university contest.
Earlier he explained that he had found the script at home.
What he wrote to turn it into a mystery short film?
No, no.
It was before turning it into a mystery short,
and it looks like he had improved it a lot.
But since the zombie movie that the director had shot was more successful than expected
was more successful than expected,
he took advantage of the fact that he had already assembled the whole crew to shoot the sequel.
They were supposed to shoot his little brother's zombie short film,
but they ended up coming to shoot the sequel to his film.
Ah...
So much talk about zombies I don't know if I'll dare to go to the store anymore.
Let's see if we'll run into any...
Don't be afraid, Ran.
There's no such thing as zombies.
Zo-zo-zo-zombies...
Outside... it's full... of zombies.
Come on, come on!
Open your eyes wide, look out the window and you'll see what's outside.
- (all) Ah!
-There's no...
-(both) Who-who are these people?!
- (both) Aaaah...!
(men and women) Aaaah!
But what-what is this?!
They're a bunch of zombies!
They're everywhere!
They've surrounded the whole mansion!

Kazuha, take Mr. Mouri and go upstairs!
-Don't worry, don't be afraid.
-But-but, Heiji....
I won't let him go upstairs.
I won't let him get upstairs.
All of you go upstairs, too!
We're short of weapons!
This is all we have!
A microphone?
Of course we do!
I know what I can go get.
Heiji, don't leave me alone!
Oh, man!
They've broken the window!
They're coming in!
Aaaah!
Whatever moves, I'll consider it an enemy.
You may now approach, all who wish to die.
We enter inside this room.
Father, collaborate a little!
In this is the corpse!
No, not here!
Iaaah!
MHM!
Iah!
Ah, ah...
(Crystals, brittle: catacrac)
Fuck!
They're coming out of everywhere!
How many are there?
(Crystals, brittle: catacrac)
Ah, ah...
Thank you, Shinichi!
(Shinichi voice) Heiji, we can't go on like this.
No, I know what we can do: in these situations...
we have to beat the head to defeat everyone.
It's that one over there.
Ah!
It's that fat one in front of me!
This is the boss!
I've-I've-I've killed it!
Look, Heiji, look!
What do I do now, Shinichi?
You've cut off its head, but it's still moving!
How can it be?
I thought they were thieves posing as zombies.
But, if they're real zombies....,
the only thing I can do is to send them all to hell!
- (both) Eh?
-No, no, wait!
Wait, wait, wait...
This is not what we were told!
They made me wear this costume..., and now you've torn it apart!
Oh...
Oh...
(Heiji) Oh.
(Heiji) You've been summoned to a casting?
-Yes, that's why we're here.
-So, you're all extras?
If we passed the audition, we could go out for the sequel to "Zombie Sword".
Come to think of it, I know of another one...
who, in order to save money on a movie,
he made the fans do their own makeup
and called a casting call.
You mean "The Halloween Boat Party"?
We've been circling around here for days.
We've had to pitch tents in the woods and do our own makeup.
We had to wait until 8 o'clock, the casting time,
and we kept getting bitten by mosquitoes!
I came 3 days before, set up the tent....
and I wanted to rehearse with a couple who came to see the mansion.
They ran over me and smashed my head.
It took me two days to fix it, and it broke again!
(Heiji, thinks) "It was him, the zombie who scared that couple."
And can you tell us who was the one who called this casting?
- (thinks) "The one who committed suicide?"
-The producer, Mr. Harawaki.
He posted an ad on his blog.
It said, "Zombies, everyone come over here and we'll cast you."
He posted it on a hidden page, where only fans have access.
He said not to announce it so it would be a surprise for the director
and the film crew.
It represented that Mr. Harawaki had to appear at some point
and explain that it was all a set-up.
But we haven't seen it anywhere.
Does it make sense to you...
that a person who had set all this up decided to commit suicide?
No.
With all this that we know now, it's not clear to me anymore...
(Women) Aaaah!
There must have been some extras coming in through a window upstairs.
What a bunch!
They'll make us bitter all night.
Don't worry, Kazuha, they're not zombies!
He-He... Heiji...,
a-la Kyoko has a lot of blood coming out of her neck...
And she's not moving at all.
They say things to her and she doesn't answer!
(Both) What?!
Kyoko!
What have they done to you?!
Kyoko!
Get away, don't touch her!
Nothing, nothing... She's dead.
(Shinichi, thinks) "They cut her carotid artery."
Ran, tell the zombies downstairs to go call the police, please!
A-a-the zombies?
Okay, okay, okay.
Yeah, I'm sure one of them has a car.
How did it go?
What were you doing when he found the body?
We were... we were each in our own rooms.
But we decided that if we were together we'd be safer.
We went out to look for Kyoko, came in here...
...and we found her like this.
(Conan voice) Hey, are you sure this cell phone is Kyoko's?
Yes, it's hers.

Well, it's in recording mode, just like Mr. Harawaki's.
-Oh!
-Huh?
And... the murderer will be in this recording?
Look, it's her, the first one in the picture is Kyoko.
It looks like there's someone chasing her.
Look at her, she's also in the recording!
"No...! Let me be!"
- (Heiji) Le-le has bitten her neck!
- "Ah...!"
With your back turned like this, it's very hard to tell who it is.
Come on, turn around.
Come on, turn around, turn around...!
-It was Mr. Harawaki!
-No... it can't be!
I-It's impossible!
-Heiji, where are you going?
-But-but didn't he commit suicide?!
(Heiji, thinks) "It can't be! It's impossible for him to have been resurrected!"
-Oh!
How can it be?!
-The corpse has disappeared!
When I came with Ran, it was on the floor, covered with a sheet!
-Yes, I'm sure.
-Are you sure?
(Heiji, thinks) "...what does this mean?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Can you tell...?"
What ?!
That Mr. Harawaki's body has disappeared?!
That's right.
We went inside and it was gone.
The only thing left in the room is the sheet that covered him,
the sweater that Kyoko was wearing shortly before she died,
and this cutter that you see on the floor stained with blood.
T-this box cutter I think is what was in the toolbox.
And why is it stained with blood?
Because it must be the weapon the murderer used to cut Kyoko's throat.
to cut Kyoko's throat, to kill her.
What?!
But hadn't he been killed by a bite in the neck?
From what we saw earlier in the recording
it did look like the killer had bitten her in the neck,
but in reality he attacked her with a box cutter.
Just look at how he severed her carotid artery.
Now the question is...
to know why the murderer has placed the cell phone on a chair
to record something like this, and to know who that person is.
Wasn't it Mr. Harawaki?
What-that he wanted to record himself as a zombie after being resurrected?
killing Kyoko?
How can he think that a dead person can be resurrected so easily?
This video must be some kind of trick.
What... what-what-what do you mean?
And speaking of tricks, this wasn't the only one.
I want to ask a question!
Have you seen if anyone has jumped out of this window
or thrown anything?
No!
And we've been waiting here for over an hour.
This window has not been opened by anyone.
Eh? (Shinichi voice) Hey, Heiji.
(Shinichi voice) Hey, Heiji.
You know there's another window at the end of the hallway, right?
Yes.
One of the zombies explained to me that a few of them climbed out of it
and that they've been spying on us for a while.
He says he can't quite remember who went into which room,
but he's absolutely certain that no one's taken any bodies out of anywhere.
Well, no one has come out of this window either.
That means... Mr. Harawaki's body is here.
Yes.
It's obvious that they must have hidden it somewhere in this room.
All right, then, let's look it up and down together.
I'll start with the closet.
Aaa... I-I'll help you with the closet.
I'll help you with the closet.
We'll have to move it in case there's a hidden door behind it.
Between 3 of us, we can do it.
You're smaller, why don't you look under the bed?
Yes, that's right.
-Yes, let's look at this.
-It's one of those that can't be moved.
There could also be a secret passage under the bed.
-Ah... -Ah... No, nothing.
-What's wrong with you, Orie?
What's wrong with you, Orie?
It's very strange... How come it's not any part, the corpse?
The only thing in the closet is Mr. Harawaki's jacket.
A-and behind the closet there's no hidden door, either, or anything like that.
Under the bed we haven't found anything either.
And here the mattress, too.
Ah, it's absurd!
I'm convinced it must be this way.
It's... it's disappeared!
Just like the president 8 years ago!
He turned into a zombie and left the room!
Wait, wait, wait!
Why are you saying this?
You, Ria, and Masahachi went outside...
to stand guard in front of the window, and I guess you didn't know about it.
8 years ago, me, Mr. Harawaki and Kyoko...

we have already seen every corner of this room searched!
What?
This means that this room...?
Yes, it's the same!
It's the room where Joji disappeared and where, after 4 days, we found him starving!
we found him starving to death!
It's the same room!
Do you remember who found the president's corpse?
Kyoko and Ria.
They said they were going up to look on the second floor.
After a while we heard a scream from Ria.
We rushed upstairs
and found Ria on her ass on the floor and Kyoko in shock.
Is it any wonder she was on her ass on the ground?
He had disappeared and suddenly we found him dead.
Pa... speaking of disappearances, a wheelbarrow also disappeared.
Yes, it's true.
A wheelbarrow?
Also missing was a small wheelbarrow, 60 by 30,
that we used to transport material.
Now that you mention it..,
I left a lot of material for my little brother.
and that's the only thing that didn't come back to me.
I also remember someone suggesting
that maybe they had used the cart
to carry the president's body up to the room.
But... but that trolley was gone
even before it disappeared in Joji.
(Shinichi, I think) "Eight years ago, someone suddenly disappeared....
and reappeared dead in the same room..."
(Heiji, think) "And now.... a corpse has disappeared...,
and the same corpse has murdered another person."
"It is obvious that..."
(Both) "... the secret is... in the room."
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
Now that the Yamamura bombshell has arrived, there are no more...!
The corpse is upstairs.
What is he doing?
No, no, no!
Have you also discovered the murderer?
I only helped Heiji, nothing else.
But wasn't it Mr. Harawaki, the murderer?
Yes, in that video he recorded we all saw how he attacked Kyoko.
The proof is here, it's very easy to see.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A mansion surrounded by zombies (Part Three)'."

