"We went to a house where they were shooting a sequel to a zombie movie."
"Then the film crew arrived
"And the actors of the movie they were going to shoot."
"But, halfway through filming, the producer, Mr. Takashi Harawaki,
turned up dead."
"Later, in the midst of the chaos of a zombie casting,
the cameraman, Kyoko Ejiri, also turned up dead."
"A black cloth splattered with crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"In spite of Inspector Yamamura,
Heiji and Conan solve the mystery in an unexpected way."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"A mansion surrounded by zombies (part three)."
E-e-e-the... the... the...
E-e-e-e... the zombies say
that the police have arrived... from... from Gunma Prefecture.
Take it easy, Ran.
Gunma Prefectural Police?
...we're clear.
That means...
This is where you have zombie problems?!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
But now that Yamamura the zombie hunter has arrived, we've run out of...
Eh?
There are... zo-zo-zo-zo-zo-zombies everywhere!
Back off, evil spirits!
Back off, evil spirits!
-(Heiji) Huh?
- (Heiji) Good evening.
The corpse is upstairs.
What are you doing?
I-It's you!
(Yamamura) All right, all right, if I understood correctly, then,
when they finished shooting the movie trailer,
the two of you went to Harawaki to call because it was time for dinner,
but you found her dead, on the floor, in the next room.
In her hand she was holding a cell phone
with a recording where you could see that she had taken the poison
and with a note that made you think it had been a suicide.
After a while,
the zombies that Mr. Harawaki had summoned frightened you all off
and asked everyone to go upstairs,
and while you two were downstairs fighting with the zombies,
someone cut Kyoko Ejiri's throat and killed her.
-Yes, that's right.
-Is that right?
Also, there is a video here...
where you could see someone biting her neck..,
and it was the same person who had committed suicide earlier,
Mr. Harawaki, the alleged killer,
who later disappeared from the room where he had committed suicide.
But, this can only... mean...
Eh?
...that Mr. Harawaki has turned into a zombie
and killed Kyoko!
What a nerve-racking thing to say!
"I was expecting this."
"I thought you'd say that."
Well, how do you think he ran away, Mr. Harawaki?
Ten-he must have fled among the zombies.
That's why he summoned so many, so he could flee among them.
"Alright, then. All settled."
If not, how do you understand this video?!
What other explanation is there?
He kept on filming until you stopped it, didn't he?
Yes.
It's not as if the killer had tried to trick the victim
to record this video
she wouldn't have agreed to let herself be bitten and killed!
Besides, Kyoko was a cameraman, right?
She was not an actress.
I don't know, I think it was 8 years ago,
when they shot that zombie short film for the university,
Kyoko did play an actress.
I'm sure everyone must have seen it, that footage.
We'll soon find out, if she was a good actress.
We just have to ask them.
(Heiji) What?!
How can that be?!
No one saw the recordings you made 8 years ago?
-Yes.
-Is it true, this?
The president told us that we would look at the short film when he had it edited
and he had finished editing it.
In fact, I remember Kyoko even complained.
She said that there were a lot of scenes that didn't make the weight,

and that he would like to repeat them, but there was no way.
I am convinced that my brother wanted
you guys to be the first to see it.
I know it was very important for him to see all your reactions.
And what roles did Harawaki and Kyoko play in that film?
Aa, if I remember correctly,
Mr. Harawaki would turn into a zombie
and tried to attack Kyoko, but since they had been lovers, he didn't do it in the end,
he didn't do it in the end, was that it?
This part was not taken out, the president,
because he said that love didn't play a role in zombie movies?
What I remember is that in Harawaki he didn't want to become a zombie
and that, because of that, they had them.
This I did not know, me.
How can I remember it so little and have so many doubts?
And is it true that all the footage they had disappeared,
of this short film that you shot?
Yes.
This is what Kyoko said.
Yes, b-but Mr. Harawaki said to me
that he still kept it on his tablet.
-Yes.
-And he was carrying it, the tablet?
Actually, it was a mini tablet.
He always carried it in the breast pocket of his jacket.
It's still here.
Oh, wow.
They've erased everything on it.
I don't know what was on it,
but if it was the picture we took of all of us, I have it too.
Look at it.
Oh.
What's this T-shirt Kyoko is wearing?
Kyoko always wore T-shirts of this brand.
She liked them very much because they had a capital letter.
She said it was because her last name was Ejiri.
She had a lot of them, in different colors.
Speaking of which, before he was murdered,
Kyoko had changed her shirt.
Do you know if it had gotten wet?
Do you know why, do you?
I don't know.
She must have changed it because she must have sweated.
Now that you mention it, even during the recording she commented...
that he felt like taking a shower
and change her clothes as soon as she could.
I think this was about half an hour
before we started looking for Mr. Harawaki, right?
Yes;
I took advantage of a break during the filming...
to go to the washroom for a moment and something very strange happened to me.
Oh, did it?
What happened to you?
La Ran had entered the bathroom before me
and had warned me that there was only one roll of toilet paper left,
but when I went in a little while later I saw that there was none left.
On the other hand, I went back there now, a short time ago,
and I saw that there was a roll of paper again.
The whole thing is starting to be very scary.
I, more or less, know what could have happened, with the roll of paper.
Yes, so do I.
What's that?
You know too, Conan?
No, no, I just said that to imitate Heiji.
Heiji!
Hm... I see there are no back doors in this room.
The toilet paper maybe they have used it
to be able to transform from zombies into mummies.
Eh ?!
Ay, ay, ay...
Eh?
The rosary beads that were in the top drawer
are coming out from underneath.
What does it look like?
"It's right in front of her eyes and she can't see it."
"Now I'm starting to connect the dots."
By the way, I didn't ask you,
did you both come all the way from Osaka with the motorcycle?
Nn-hn.
We went all the way to Tokyo with the bullet train and there to rent a motorcycle.
We knew it was a mansion in the middle of the mountains.
So, this time you insisted again that he let you come?
No, he asked me in Heiji to come.
He said he wanted us to talk about something very important.
Something very important?
(Yamamura) That he knows who the murderer is and wants to unravel the mystery?
Hehehe!
Yes.
I and the boy have figured it out.
(Yamamura) No, no, no!
You've also discovered the murderer?
I... I've only helped Heiji, nothing else.
"Of course."
I was saying...
"There will be no Sleeping Kogoro today,
because he ate a poisonous mushroom and is already in bed, sleeping!"
Hahaha!
"What's catching him now?"
But that wasn't Mr. Harawaki, the killer?
Yes, in that video we have all seen very clearly how Kyoko attacked.
And... and there is also the video where you can see how she takes the poison and commits suicide.
Yes, what's the explanation for these videos?
They are both scenes from the short film

you were recording right here 8 years ago with Joji Naito.
Eh?
The killer has replayed the scenes
that were recorded on Mr. Harawaki's nightstand
and recorded them using a cell phone.
Then he left her face down,
first on the floor and on the other, the Kyoko scene, on top of a chair,
because the cell phone would continue recording until we found it.
But you want to say that there was a scene
where Mr. Harawaki drank poison?
I don't know.
You told us that Mr. Harawaki had told you that he didn't want to become a zombie.
that he didn't want to become a zombie, that it wasn't his destiny.
Maybe he recorded the scene with the president without anyone knowing about it.
I mean the scene where he drank the poison and committed suicide.
In the first script,
didn't the main character have to go around killing all his friends
to turn them into zombies?
You must know that.
You said you had read your brother's script.
Yes.
So that's why they had to film this scene.
The one where Mr. Harawaki bit Kyoko,
and turned her into a zombie, like the others.
The killer did very well.
He also took advantage of this scene.
But it's hard to tell if it's a scene from now or before.
Yes, we kind of shot here, the background is the same.
The proof is here, it's very easy to see.
-Oh!
-Eh?
I don't know if you guys remember, but before he died,
Mr. Harawaki wore a goatee.
But in the video, he didn't have a goatee.
And the color of the pants was also different.
Kyoko's lips were painted.
In the video, she did not wear lipstick.
Her hair was also tied up,
and the video wore her hair like when she was studying.
Well, speaking of when they were studying,
what they said about the T-shirts Kyoko was wearing with the capital e
is another clue that has helped us a lot.
Look, inspector, in this video Kyoko is also wearing one.
Just enlarge it.
See the capital e?
It's true!
The Kyoko was found dead with a white T-shirt without an E on it.
This means that the Kyoko and Mr. Harawaki
were killed by the same person.
But what about Mr. Harawaki's last wishes?
The title of the film was written there.
"The funeral procession of the dead",
which had been Mr. Harawaki's idea...
and that he had left it enclosed in an envelope.
He made it clear that only he could have written it, this title.
Yes, because we had not yet discovered...
that the murderer had used this
to see what it said, inside the envelope.
Oh, did he?
And how did he do that?
A roll of toilet paper?
It's very easy.
You just put the roll of paper right in front of the envelope,
and look through the hole, like this;
Do you want to try it?
(Kazuha) But how can that be?
You're right!
It does show through!
By reflection of the light.
Through the white envelope you can't see anything at all
because the reflected light prevents you from seeing it.
But if you manage to reduce the amount of light reflected from the envelope
you can see what's through the envelope.
That's why during the break in the filming
that roll of toilet paper disappeared?
Yes, the killer must have taken advantage of that time...
to poison Mr. Harawaki,
to look through the envelope, and to write that note on his cell phone.
But-but so, where is Mr. Harawaki's corpse now?
The corpse is here, in this room.
Eh?
-What?!
- (Heiji) Yes.
It's inside the closet.
But-but what are you saying?!
That's impossible!
I only see a jacket, in the closet.
(Heiji) -Look at us more closely, then.
-And the two drawers are empty.
First of all,
we'll take out the two drawers, and this wood here, which separates them.
And in here there should be the base of the wheelbarrow,
with Mr. Harawaki's corpse.
Wow!
Oh!
This looks like a magic trick!
The trick is in the top drawer and in the wood that separates the two drawers.
They have cut the necessary piece to fit the body of a person.
Yes, it's very well thought out,
but it's obvious that a trick like this
allows you to hide a person inside a cabinet.

B-because of this, the rosary beads that fell into the top drawer,
started to come out of the bottom one!
Of course they did!
That's right, they fell through the hole in the top drawer.
...when you look too closely!
This is what happens when...
Eh?
Things, the closer you look at them, the less perspective you have,
don't they say that, Heiji?
Ah... yes.
"What a mug! I was going to say it myself. He always takes the spotlight from me."
But how come you didn't notice the first time you opened the drawer.
you opened the drawer, that the body was there?
Actually, I noticed that the drawer was heavy, but I didn't notice that the body was there,
I didn't realize that the body was on top of the base of the trolley,
and the wood that separates the drawers distributed the weight very well.
Ah, but even if it is on top of the trolley, when you open the drawer,
the body should not come out?
Notice, neither one drawer nor the other has the wood on the back.
The wood that separates them is the one that holds the one behind.
In this case, the body.
And even if you open a drawer, it doesn't have a bottom,
the wood prevents what's behind it from coming out.
But here nobody has had time to prepare such a complicated trick.
No, but this assembly has not been done by the killer.
This whole device was planned 8 years ago by his brother.
What?!
E-in Joji?!
Y-you mean the president used that to disappear?!
That's right.
He must have used this setup to hide inside the closet
and make it look like he had disappeared.
There is no doubt that he was hiding inside the closet.
And the fact that you'll find him sitting on the floor
with his hands on his knees proves that he got stuck,
that he couldn't get out and that he died of starvation.
Do you mean that he did not know how to get out of the closet that he had called himself?
no;
to get out of it he only had to push the top drawer,
and pull out the wood that separates the drawers.
-W-Well, what happened to him?
-He could get out by himself perfectly well.
Surely he couldn't pull out the top drawer.
A-a-a moment!
You mean...
as I, Kyoko and Mr. Harawaki moved the cabinet to see if we could find the president
to see if we could find the president and couldn't get out,
and that's why he ended up dying?
So the murderer of Mr. Harawaki and Kyoko must be...
Of course!
The murderer is Joji's older brother!
Ah, me?!
I didn't do anything!
Now we know how he died, en Joji Naito,
but here the mystery is another one.
If he got trapped inside the closet and died of starvation,
how is it that, when they came to look for him 4 days later,
they found him sitting on the floor?
W-why?
Tell us about it!
Because there was another person
who knew what Joji had hidden in the closet.
What?
Isn't that right, Miss Ria Kawabata?
You're the one who killed Mr. Harawaki and Kyoko.
First, during the break in the shooting,
you went to Mr. Harawaki's room,
tricked her by drinking poisoned water and killed her.
"Next, he used the toilet paper roll....
"To read the title of the movie that Mr. Harawaki had written,
"He wrote that suicide note on her cell phone,
played the scene from 8 years ago on the tablet,
recorded it with the cell phone and paused it."
"She placed the cell phone in Mr. Harawaki's hand
and left it in recording mode facing the floor."
"If it had ended here..."
we would have ended up considering Mr. Harawaki's death as a suicide.
But later, Kyoko realized what she had done.
But I am convinced
that if we could get him back we could solve the mystery
surrounding Mr. Harawaki's suicide.
"She realized that sooner or later she would be found out.
"And he has decided to wet Kyoko's shirt.
"Because she would have to exchange it for a white one,
just like the one she wore to the scene of the short film 8 years ago."
"Then he caught her unawares, cut her neck with a box cutter...
and placed her just like in the scene of the short film."
"He recorded the other scene
"Which was also on the table with Kyoko's cell phone.
"Because they thought that Harawaki had become a zombie...

"And he had killed Kyoko,
"And then went to hide her body in the closet..."
using the same set-up
that I knew he had used on Joji 8 years earlier.
I'm completely convinced that, if we check it well,
on his clothes we will find
the blood that splashed on him when he cut Kyoko's throat.
In fact, all this could have been done by anyone other than the Ria.
Do you remember what he told me before, Ria?
I was about to look inside the closet
and she, instead, asked me to look under the bed.
She did it because she got nervous,
because she knows I'm shorter than the others.
She imagined that she would discover the body inside the closet.
Besides, do you remember what Orie said before?
8 years ago Kyoko and Ria went up to the second floor to look for Joji
and, after a while, they heard a scream from Ria.
When they went upstairs they found Ria on the floor,
her legs having failed, and Kyoko behind her, in shock.
According to Heiji, she found out everything as a result.
The room where the closet is is the first one you come across.
It is the first one where one of the two should have entered when they arrived upstairs.
Instead, they didn't feel Ria's scream until after a while.
If, when they arrived, Kyoko was behind Ria...
it means that Ria took the corpse out of the closet
and then made it look like she was caught by surprise.
It... it took me by surprise.
The truth is that I thought it would have come out of the closet,
and I was counting on finding him in bed, sleeping peacefully.
I stood still when I saw that he was still inside.
I immediately pulled him out of the closet as best I could,
I left him sitting on the floor and gave a scream
as if I had just found it right there.
But then, what happened was an accident, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
Y-you'd been sick in bed for three days.
Yes, you're right, but Mr. Harawaki didn't think so.
When we came to see the shooting location,
it turns out that Mr. Harawaki discovered all the things
he had written on Joji inside the cabinet in his own blood.
I can see them.
(Heiji) It says things like "Damn you".
There's a lot of things written.
I was surprised too.
Harawaki-san threatened me
that if I didn't participate in the film,
he would explain that Joji had died because of me.
That's why I decided to kill him,
and on Kyoko because I had found out.
I represented that I should be the warrior who would kill all the zombies,
but in the end, the one who turned me into a cruel and heartless zombie
was me.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
(Motorcycle: gas woman)
Ah!
You mean it's not Heiji's motorcycle, this?
Hm.
I had called the roadside assistance.
I'll say goodbye, then!
They must have filled up the tank.
What?
No, Ran!
Don't go!
Heiji said he had to talk to the Kazuha about something important.
Aah... The Kazuha already told me that.
By the way, Heiji, didn't you tell me...
you wanted to talk about something very important?
What is it?
It's something... I've been wanting to talk to you about for a long time now.
Eh...
It's that...
Aaaah!
Ah, wasn't today the casting day?
No, it was yesterday, bumblebee.
Yes, you were late.
Did you hear that, guys?
It says the casting was yesterday!
-You're kidding, right?
-What?! -What?!
What was that you wanted to tell me?
That he's holding your skirts so your panties don't show.
What?
Wait, wait!
But, Heiji!
"The time hasn't come yet."

At least I paid him back what I owed him.
Aaaaah !!!
Aaaah...
(Shot)
If you have to kill someone, you have to kill me.
Kogorooo!
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Great Detective's Weak Spot '."

