Yes, on the top floor.
It's number 901, right?
Ahm... did you sneak into my car again, kiddo?
Oh! (Laughs)
Ah...
That's all right.
I'm sorry.
Kids have a lot of energy, you know.
Yes.
Be careful.
Hey, wait!
- (door, open)
- (elevator: nobody-nong)
Looks like this is it.
You always do the same thing.
And this isn't a game, pretty boy.
(man) Huh?
(Mori s!
- Iah!
-(Man) Huh?
(Iaaaah!
(Man) Ah...!
(Man) Ah...!
I've killed her.
(Man) Ah...!
(Man) Oh...!
Oh...
-Oh...
-Who are you?!
-Yes, you've asked for it.
-Mm... It's Mr. Takarada, isn't it?
It's too late.
We owe an ambulance.
He's been dead exactly two hours.
Mm?
She's been strangled.
She's been strangled?
She's been strangled?
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"The mysterious case of a man who is killed twice."
"There is someone who does not tell the truth. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The Man Who Dies Twice (Part One)."
Eh?
Yoichi Takarada?
That ruthless lender?
According to his secretary, Mr. Haruyuki Shinkai...,
Mr. Takarada had rented this apartment to write a novel.
Now that you mention it, I understand he was very fond of writing...
and publishing his own books.
Today Mr. Takarada-san had also come here in the apartment to write, right?
Yes.
He's been here all morning.
I didn't know, that he was such a cruel man with such a bad reputation.
He called you about a work matter, didn't he?
Mm?
I didn't know him at all.
He called me about 12 o'clock and asked me to come and see him.
He wanted to talk to me because he'd received a letter threatening to kill him
and he told me to come here promptly at 3:00.
But when I got here at the time we had arranged....
The threat had already materialized, hadn't it?
It seems to me that this is the letter.
We found it on the table.
It's made a lot of people miserable.
One of his victims must have wanted revenge.
When the letter arrived at his house this morning,
I thought exactly the same thing.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I can't wait to see them try!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh...
I didn't want... one of his victims to become a murderer.
And, to prevent it, while Mr. Takarada was napping...
Mori s!
Iah!
But I was too late.
Mm.
Later we will see the damage caused by your stabbing.
Now the most urgent thing is the crime that has been committed.
Do you know who it might be?
Can you think of anyone you think might have killed him?
There are a lot of people who hate him.
And why do you think it must have been one of those people?
Well...
What do you mean, huh?
- (all) Mm?
-Inspector Megure...
Yes.
Can you tell us anything about the crime?
The killer, after rendering the victim unconscious...
by striking her in the back of the head with a blunt object,
strangled her with some kind of rope.
We think she must have died a couple of hours before the body was found,
i.e. around 1:00.
Inspector... This man is the doorman of the building, I've questioned him.
He says that around that time he saw a suspicious woman.
A woman?
After lunch, I went up to the top floor to make my rounds, as I do every day.
"And, in the corridor, I met a blonde woman I had never seen before."
"We passed each other."
It would be around one o'clock, approximately.
Mm.
Inspector...
Look carefully.
Do you know her, this woman?
The sunglasses cover her face too much.
Actually, it doesn't have to be a woman, does it?
That's right.
It could be someone disguised as a woman.
You can just see her coming out,

so he may have snuck in through the back door.
And, when he was seen, he may have decided to leave through the front door.
Mr. Shinkai, didn't Mr. Takarada lock the door to the apartment?
Yes, now that you mention it, he was in the habit of locking it with the chain.
Besides, if he was so worried about the threatening letter...
that he even called a detective,
I don't think he'd let in anyone he didn't know, would he?
You're right, we don't rule out that it could have been someone he knew.
Understood.
I just got word that the family has already identified the body.
The wife and little brother, right?
Mm.
Aw, come on.
How am I doing now?
How will I get used to living alone?
Oh, man!
Who could have done this monstrosity to my big brother?
Mrs. Takarada, where were you, today, at about one o'clock in the afternoon?
What are you insinuating?
Do you suspect me?!
No, these are routine questions, you must not suffer for nothing.
Of course they suspect you.
You will receive a huge inheritance and a lot of insurance money.
Look who's talking, you don't stand on Yoichi either!
Ahem!
Where were you, today, around one o'clock?
I was at home, organizing the storage room, as Yoichi asked me to do.
Understood.
And you, Mr. Takarada?
I went for a walk in Shinjuku for a while.
That's good.
Do you have any witnesses who can confirm all this?
-Huh?
-Mm?
Well, well, interesting... So the answer is no.
- (all) Mm?
-Excuse me...
What?!
Mrs. Takarada is telling the truth.
I was in the study at her house.
I stayed until two o'clock and then I left.
At about one o'clock, Mrs. Takarada was in the storage room, just as she just said.
Haruyuki...
-You're welcome.
-You saved my life, thanks.
-Huh?!
-Well, then we just have to...
It's funny that, from the beginning,
limit the suspects to the family circle.
Aaa... may I ask you to continue this conversation at home?
Mm?
Mm?
Mm...
(sighs) All right.
Come on, let's go in.
Yes.
I'm coming too.
Takagi, I want you to take over the investigation of the other case.
Okay, Inspector.
If he'd realized Mr. Takarada was already dead...
He wouldn't have committed the crime, obviously.
-Yes.
-Repair a damage, you say?
I was fully aware
of Mr. Takarada's unscrupulous practices,
but I kept convincing myself by telling myself
that these people were idiots to be fooled.
But the other day I learned
that one of his clients committed suicide with his entire family!
His son wasn't even a year old, and he's dead too.
And at that moment, for the first time, I felt guilty...
for having been part of that loan shark's business.
Then, this morning, when the threatening letter arrived....,
I thought that whoever had sent it must be as desperate...
as that man who cut short the life of his own son
before committing suicide, and that's why... that's why...
I wanted to prevent this person from committing the crime.
Mm-hm.
But, what I don't quite understand...
is why did you decide to kill Mr. Takarada yourself?
As long as Mr. Takarada was alive, there would continue to be new victims!
But if I managed to kill him, as I had helped him in the business,
it would be a way to repair all the damage he had done!
But I didn't get there in time....,
someone had already dirtied his hands!
But it has not yet been proven that the murderer was one of Mr. Takar's victims!
one of Mr. Takarada's victims.
And it is thought... that it was a member of the family?
At the moment we still can't rule out anything at all.
Mm...
Did he hate my brother?
No, inspector, he didn't hate her, and now!
But Mika said a while ago that...
Koji made a living by cheating people.
Two years ago, when one of his schemes failed him...,
he came crying to Yoichi
to pull his chestnuts out of the fire, but he told him no.
And he had to hide for a while.
And he had not forgiven her for that.
Three days ago he came back and asked us if he could stay for a while.
And just today they died in Yoichi.
What's wrong with you?
Do you want to take revenge on me for what I said before?
I'm just explaining the truth!

You make it sound like I've come home to kill my brother.
Inspector, it's really a coincidence that I came back just now.
I'm sure my brother's killer
is one of the victims he was taking advantage of.
Ah...
As far as I know, there are a lot of them.
Mm?
Mm... Mm?
Yes, that's right.
A lot of people couldn't see him, Mr. Takarada.
So he'd get a lot of, uh, threatening letters, right?
"Besides" what?
Yes, so much, and also...
Eh?
And what's so strange about that?
Mr. Takarada, apparently,
received many letters threatening her life.
The maid also explained to me
that on one occasion they even attacked him with a knife and everything.
But the strangest thing is that she says... she didn't see him worried at all.
So, how is it that this time he decided to call you?
It's funny, because you can see that when he received the letter...
he started laughing in front of everyone..,
but then he called you right away.
Who knows if he had some special reason for doing so.
Yes, of course!
Mr. Takarada was convinced that someone wanted to kill him,
that's why he laughed when he received the letter,
because the assassin got confident and let his guard down.
And then he called me to investigate and try to catch him.
(Both) Hey?!
Of course!
(Both) Huh?
Th-that means that...
That the killer we're looking for...
is one of the 3 people who were with him when he opened the letter.
But, actually, of these 3 people...
We have to eliminate Mr. Shinkai,
because he stabbed Mr. Takarada
without knowing that she had already been strangled to death by him.
And also his wife, Mika, because she has an alibi.
Aaa... How?
Wait a minute...
Then there's only...
-Huh?
- (cell phone)
Yes, tell me?
Ah..., ah... (cell phone ringing) Okay.
Thank you. (cell phone rings)
I've been informed that they found fingerprints on the threatening letter.
And they're yours, Mr. Koji Takarada.
-Kyoko, can you come here, please? -Kyoko?
-Huh?
No, it can't be!
Yes, what would you like?
Call my lawyer, Mr. Watari, and ask him to come.
Tell him I have to discuss the whole inheritance issue.
And contact Beika Life Insurance, because I am the beneficiary.
-Yes, ma'am.
-Hurry up!
What surprises you?
It's the most normal thing, isn't it?
Now that we know he's the murderer and that the case is closed...
Excuse me, but it's still not as clear as it may seem.
Oh, I've been waiting for you for so long, this moment!
And now that it's all over I can tell you the truth!
I have never been in love, I only married for money.
As he was a very hated man I thought I would never grow old.
Thank you very much, Koji!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ouch... My head is spinning.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What a face, this woman..."
Mm...!
In short, Mr. Takarada-san.
Since you knew what a bad reputation your brother had,
she sent him a threatening letter
to make it look like the murderer was someone who had it in for him,
and then killed her to get revenge for how he had treated her two years ago.
No, it wasn't me.
I neither killed him nor wrote the letter.
But we found his fingerprints.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Well, that's strange.
(Shinichi, thinks) "What's wrong? Why is he so quiet?"
Okay, all right.
Notify me right away if there's any news.
Inspector, a question: Koji, now, is the main suspect?
Yes, although, at the moment he has still denied everything.
It wasn't him!
He can't be the murderer at all... because he has an alibi!
What?!
What... what do you mean?!
With-with what do I get, now?
When Koji returned to his brother's house, 3 days ago,
Mr. Takarada asked me not to let him out of my sight,
because he didn't want to have to put him back to cover his shoulders.
And I had him under control.
So today, when he sneaked out, I started following him.
"He went on the rooftop of a department store.
full of parents and kids watching a superhero show."
"He looked like he was waiting for someone."
Although I watched him for a while, no one came.
I thought he'd been stood up and went home.

This would be between a little after half past one of.
But I heard, earlier you claimed...
you were at Mr. Takarada's house at that time, weren't you?
Yes, the police were suspicious of Mrs. Takarada.
That's why I decided to corroborate her alibi, to protect her!
What?
She told a lie?
But now..., they kind of suspect that Koji is the murderer,
I have no choice but to tell the truth.
And as for Mrs. Takarada,
the maid will surely be able to confirm that she was at home at that time.
-Aaa... it can't be...
-Oh, I'm so sorry...!
Inspector, the alibi has been confirmed.
It's true, the rooftop was full of families with children.
What a surprise!
I agree.
My brother's secretary, Mr. Shinkai, followed me, didn't he?
He-he-he-he-he!
That's why he was so calm,
because the man knew perfectly well that he was being followed.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mr. Shinkai is not the Mika's witness,
but Koji's."
Now the tables have turned, eh?
I now have someone to corroborate my alibi...
and you have no one, sister-in-law.
-I feel.
-What drama!
Mrs. Kinoshita, you left at 12 o'clock to go to the hospital...
and you didn't come back until this afternoon, right?
Yes.
I'm very sorry, madam.
That's all right.
Even if you don't have witnesses, I was at home.
(Conan voice) But..., something.
If the murderer is not Koji,
how come his fingerprints were found on the letter?
Someone must have planned it.
They probably used a piece of paper with his fingerprints on it.
It could have been prepared by the murderer to accuse him, yes.
Excuse me, but I don't know who you mean.
I had absolutely nothing to gain by killing my brother.
On the other hand, you will receive a huge inheritance that you have been waiting for a long time.
All the more reason not to go to the trouble of killing him, right?
A couple of weeks ago I went to talk to his doctor.
Oh, did you?
And what did he tell you?
Your doctor?
Thank you very much.
They confirmed it:
he had terminal cancer and only 6 months to live.
This means...
Knowing that here 6 months he would inherit a large estate,
plus the insurance money,
why did I have to do such a stupid thing...
and risk losing everything, let's see?
Mm?
MHM!
Mm?
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's the last ace up his sleeve."
Mm!
-Thanks for the cooperation.
-All right.
-Mm?
(Shinichi, thinks) -Huh?
Wow, look!
And he says he went to the toilet...
and when he came back he found the wig and the glasses inside the box?
Yes.
I found them in here, with all my stuff.
Maybe the killer thought they were junk
and that's why he threw it in here.
Yes, I think so too.
Excuse me, would you mind if we took it with us?
No, but I'll take it back when you're done.
Mrs. Takarada,
we've analyzed the hair sample you gave us.
and it appears to be a match
with the hair found inside this wig.
Eh ?!
No..., no, it's impossible!
I don't know anything about this wig!
For some unknown reason, it could not have waited 6 months.
(Conan's voice) It is possible, but someone... has thrown the wig away,
and if the murderer wanted to get rid of it, there are ways for it not to be found.
You were waiting for the first opportunity to kill my brother, huh?
to kill my brother, huh?
And when I showed up, the perfect scapegoat,
you were able to plan everything down to the smallest detail.
Oh, you!
And you were about to take the fall for me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
That's a lie, don't believe it!
I was at home at the time of Yoichi's death.
We'll finish talking at the police station.
You must believe me, it's true!
Please come with us.
Perfect, case closed.
We can go home now.
First I have to go to the toilet for a moment.
But Mr. Mouri...
(Takarada) I didn't kill him, really!
It wasn't me!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I put up with the marriage just for the money."
"But when he appeared in Koji,
"The perfect scapegoat to pin the blame for the crime on,
she planned to kill her husband."
"Write a threatening letter with Koji's fingerprints on it
and send it home."
"Then the apartment her husband has rented and strangles her."
"To avoid being recognized,
"She disguises herself with a wig and sunglasses...

That he then throws to the first place he finds."
"This would be more or less what happened,
but I don't see it so clear."
Eh?
Is it Koji?
Yes, he's the only person I can make a legal query to.
If a woman kills her husband, she can't inherit his estate, right?
And, in this case, the money goes to...?
Ah, no, exactly, she had no other family, only a younger brother.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh! I can't believe it."
I gained absolutely nothing, killing my brother.
"But if he gets his sister-in-law charged with the murder,
the whole inheritance will go to him."
"So..."
In Koji knew perfectly well that this afternoon he had to go to the doctor?
Yes.
And not only in Koji, I'm sure everyone knew it.
So as not to inconvenience anyone,
as soon as I was given an appointment, I wrote it down on the calendar.
(Shinichi, think) "He knew that today there wouldn't be any witnesses to corroborate the alibi.
to corroborate Mika's alibi."
-It's all your fault!
-Ah... Gee, what's he doing here?
You should have kept your version, you were my alibi!
It can't be...
Ha!
What a nasty woman!
But things haven't turned out well for her at all.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi, thinks) "If she was planning to cheat the police and all..."
(Music: covers voice)
"I won't let him get away with it."
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
(Conan, thinks) "If the culprit had planned everything
because it looked like the murderer was Mrs. Takarada..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's why he left her there."
Mr. Mouri is a very perceptive detective.
(Kogoro voice) We made a mistake from the beginning.
We assumed that someone in the family was responsible for the crime.
But, Mr. Mouri, this doesn't prove...
Mm...
Exactly, it doesn't prove that he killed him.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
'The Man Who Dies Twice (Part Two) '."

