"Mr. Takarada asks Kogoro
to go see him because he has received a letter with death threats."
"When he arrives he sees that his secretary, in Haruyuki Shinkai,
has just stabbed her."
"But the truth is that Mr. Takarada
had already been strangled to death two hours ago."
"They charge Mr. Shinkai with mutilation of a corpse and arrest him."
"Meanwhile, they find the footprints of Mr. Takarada-san's brother.
"Koji, to the threatening letter,
"which makes him a suspect in the crime,
but thanks to Mr. Shinkai's testimony, he is cleared of suspicion."
"This makes his wife, Mika,
now appears as a suspect in the murder."
"The discovery of a wig probably worn by the murderer
makes suspicions against her even stronger."
"A black cloth splattered by the crime
is filled with color by a brilliant deduction."
"The mysterious case of a man who is killed twice."
"There is someone who does not tell the truth."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The man who dies twice (part two)."
(Kogoro) She hasn't confessed yet?
Yes, it's true, she looked like a very cunning woman.
The inspector must have a hard time.
If the culprit had planned the whole thing
because it looked like the murder was committed by Mrs. Takarada,
she would lose the right to collect the inheritance
and the beneficiary would be her brother, Koji, who would inherit everything.
That was probably the initial plan,
the problem is that Mr.
Shinkai corroborated her alibi.
The question is whether it was false testimony.
Eh?
No, it's nothing.
What are you mumbling about?
-Mm?
(door knock) Come in.
- (door: knock)
Ah... excuse me.
If I may, I'd like to talk to you about Haruyuki Shinkai.
Eh?
Of course, please come in.
My name is Hisashi Teshima.
Yes.
I see you work in a printing company.
Come in, what did you want to tell me about Mr. Shinkai?
Well, Haruyuki and I have been close friends since childhood,
we were in the same orphanage.
I came to see if I can help him,
if there's any chance of getting his sentence reduced.
I understand that you were there when he stabbed that man, weren't you?
Is that why you came to see me?
Yes, Haruyuki is not a bad person.
His mother, a very selfish woman, abandoned him.
He had a very selfish mother?
I'm very worried about him.
You stay out of it, brat.
Okay, Mr. Teshima, I understand how you feel.
Mr. Teshima, I understand how you must feel,
but I think you should talk to a lawyer about this kind of thing.
I'm sorry. I don't have any jurisdiction.
I don't have any jurisdiction.
Uh... A lawyer, you say?
Yes, I'm sure a lawyer can help you.
I'm sure a lawyer will be able to help you.
Thank you very much, thank you very much.
And sorry for the inconvenience, I know you're a very busy man.
Don't worry, I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
I'll see you later.
Mr. Mouri, I'm going out for a while too.
- (door closes)
-Hey, uncle.
What do you get, now, this one?
Hm?
Wow, what a messy kid.
Hm?
You want me to confirm something?
Go ahead, say it.
At the time of his brother's death,
which, according to the coroner, was around 1:00 p.m.,
you were in a department store in Shinjuku, right?
Yes, exactly, I've already explained.
What's the matter?
Well, it turns out that Mr. Shinkai,
who is the one who confirmed your alibi,
says it's not true and that he didn't tell the truth because you threatened him.
Aaaah...!
It's unbelievable, the lies he can tell, that one!
It's a lie, then?
You can already tell Kogoro Mouri
that it doesn't make any sense for him to suspect me;
none.
Because it turns out that I have other witnesses, apart from the secretary.
Eh?
Yesterday I got a call from a man I don't know at all.

and he told me that he knew of a little job
where I could earn a lot of money in an easy way.
But the man didn't come, he stood me up.
Now, while I was waiting for her...
Play the deuce.
- (man) Hey, you, Koji, I found you!
Hey, wait!
Give me back the money you owe me!
This man's name is Yaginuma.
Some time ago I swindled him out of money.
He was very calm at all times,
even when the police were suspicious of me,
because I knew that Yaginuma could corroborate that I was there,
even though he was dying to smash my face in.
It turns out that what Koji explained to you in Koji turns out to be true.
It's getting more and more convoluted, eh?
By the way, I didn't tell you to come.
And let me make it clear to you once and for all
that Mr. Takarada's murderer is his wife, okay?
It's obvious that he had Koji called so that he wouldn't go home.
That way, he wouldn't have an alibi and he could be charged with the crime.
But it's just that...
if it was like that, don't you find it all a bit clumsy?
Mm?
Clumsy?
How so?
If you'd wanted to leave her without an alibi
he would have made her go somewhere isolated, somewhere without people, wouldn't he?
As he didn't,
Koji has an exculpatory witness in Yaginuma.
And, on top of that, there's the question of the wig.
He threw it in the first place he found and they found it right away.
Oh, what a pain in the ass you are!
This only means one thing:
That woman, apart from being selfish, is a bit of a fool.
(Car door: closing)
Eh?
He solves it by saying that the woman is stupid and he remains so wide.
"No, Mika is probably not the murderer."
"This means that..."
"Right. That's why they had to find her."
"Eh? But... then..."
I've been informed that they found some fingerprints on the threatening letter.
And they are yours, Mr. Koji Takarada.
They should have been the Mika's footprints, but...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
What surprises you?
It's only natural, isn't it?
Now that we've found out he's the murderer and the case is closed...
I mean...
But why did he have to do it, something like that?
Eh?
"Is that why he did it?"
"So he planned it all from the beginning."
(croons) mm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm....
Hm?
This nano's already got some on his head.
(Kogoro) All right, you got it.
(Kogoro) No, not at all.
Just curious.
Thank you very much.
(Kogoro) Bye.
(Kogoro) I knew it.
So...
Ah!
Hey, kid.
What foolishness has occurred to you, this time?
Next time you say you're on my side, you'll get!
"No matter what kind of environment I came from."
Hahaha!
He's become quite famous, you know?
Because he likes to wear all the flashy clothes he can find.
What if he found a blonde wig, for example?
Oh, I'm sure he'd wear that too, I'm convinced he'd love it.
"That's why he left it there."
Mr. Mouri is a very perceptive detective.
You're right, I got a call from one of the neighbors.
He didn't tell me who it was.
I remember it as if it were now.
He just said it sounded to him like a suspicious person
had gone upstairs.
So I decided to go and make the rounds,
and that's when I met that blonde woman.
"Just as I thought, it wasn't a coincidence."
"Now all I need is a smoking gun, but..."
Come to think of it, when we came here...
Inspector, can you explain what's going on?
What's wrong?
But it's you who told me to bring the 3 suspects here, right?
Eh?
But you told me that you had discovered the truth and that...
Ah...
Eh?
Not again...
(Kogoro voice) Listen to him well.
The time has come for me to explain everything that happened.
We made a mistake from the beginning.
We assumed that someone in the family was responsible for the crime.
And in this way we eliminated the real culprit.
Hm?
We eliminated the real culprit?
Yes, the person who killed Mr. Yoichi Takarada is...
Mr. Haruyuki Shinkai.
-Hm?
-Hm?
What?
The culprit is Mr. Shinkai, you say?
How can it be?
I don't understand.
If it was him who strangled Mr. Takarada to death,
can you explain to me what need he had to come back
and stab him a couple of hours later?
Besides, in principle...

I'm sorry, Mr. Mouri, but you're wrong.
I have an alibi for the time he was killed.
It is true that Mr.
Shinkai said that, as long as Mr. Takarada was alive.
Takarada was alive,
there would continue to be victims of his cruelty,
maybe that's why he killed, but still...
No, that's not why he killed him.
This is not the real motive.
Mr. Shinkai, as Mr. Takarada's personal secretary,
knew firsthand that his wife, Mika,
was only keeping the marriage for interest, for the inheritance money.
And where did you get this information from?
It was probably Mr. Takarada himself
who told him that he only had 6 months to live.
That is, that in 6 months she would inherit all the assets....
and the insurance money she had waited so long for.
And Mr. Shinkai couldn't stand it.
What?
It was then that he came up with
the brilliant idea to kill Mr. Takarada
and make his wife take the blame.
Then he would lose the right to claim the inheritance and the insurance money.
and the insurance money.
In other words, it was not that he wanted to kill Mr. Takarada,
but what he really wanted was
to accuse Mika of her husband's murder.
-Don't make me laugh.
-What?
What are you saying now?
What you're saying doesn't make any sense.
You've got it into your head to accuse me of Mr. Takarada's murder,
but you don't realize that you've just contradicted yourself.
If you really wanted her to be blamed for the murder,
she would have had her fingerprints on the threatening letter.
But there were my fingerprints on the letter, weren't there?
-It's a contradiction.
-Oh, yes, he's right.
When Koji, the perfect pawn, arrived at the house,
you set your plan in motion.
Why don't you reflect back to me the remark I just made to you?
I insist that it was you
who wrote the letter with Koji's fingerprints on it;
you sent it...
I have already told you that this is a contradiction.
...and it arrived yesterday.
I'm looking forward to seeing how they try.
(Kogoro) "Then he insisted to Mr. Takarada that, for security,
to lock himself in the apartment."
"And he told Mika that her husband wanted her to tidy up the storage room."
This way she was assured that she would be at home.
Mrs. Takarada, is it true, isn't it,
that your husband asked you to tidy up the storage room?
Uh... But he didn't ask me directly.
I gave her Mr. Takarada's message.
Because then she wouldn't have anyone to corroborate her alibi.
You don't take into account that the maid, Mrs. Kinoshita, was also at home.
No.
She knew very well that it would not be at that hour.
Yes.
And not only Koji, I'm sure everyone knew it.
So as not to inconvenience anyone, I was given an appointment later,
I wrote it down on the calendar.
Maybe someone had told me, but I couldn't remember.
Then he called me, pretending to be Mr. Takarada.
Since I didn't know him, I didn't know his voice.
He can't prove it in any way, that it was me.
He also pretended to be an imaginary person
and convinced Koji to leave the house.
So it was you...
He doesn't have any proof either, that it was me, sorry.
Then, at one o'clock, he came to this building.
I followed Koji to the rooftop of the Shinjuku department store,
where families with children had gone to see the superhero show.
If you are so insistent that you followed him there,
perhaps you can explain the incident that took place.
It was impossible for him not to see it, if, as he says, it is true that he was there.
Touch two.
- (man) Hey, you, Koji, I found you!
Hey, wait.
I could have known long before,
that there was a show that day
and that it would probably be full of families with children.
It wasn't necessary for me to know that.
I guess you're saying this because you have some proof, right?
Yesterday around 1:00 p.m. you avoided the security cameras
and entered this building through the back door.
"You entered the apartment under the pretense of some urgent matter
and strangled Mr. Takarada to death."
"He left the threatening letter he had been carrying on the table,
"He put on a blond wig,
"She disguised herself as if she were a neighbor.

And called the janitor to see him and check it out."
"He put a few of Mika's hairs on the wig he wore.
"And, to make sure the investigators would find it,
"He left it among the belongings of a beggar
famous because he likes to disguise himself."
"He then came back here and waited for me until 3 o'clock,
the time we were supposed to meet."
You always do that.
It seems like this is it.
And this is not a game, pretty.
"Then he waited for the right time and..."
(Shinkai) Mori s !!!
He made me come here to witness the decisive moment
and become the witness he needed.
He knows perfectly well that the police trust me completely.
No one would try to kill a man who was already dead.
He did everything he could to conceal his crime
behind this seemingly logical idea.
I thought Mr. Takarada was still alive.
When he came to see the apartment he seemed very well asleep.
And I decided to take advantage of that moment to stab him.
(Kogoro) After he was arrested for mutilating a corpse,
he made up all of plausible lies
while waiting for his plan to gradually come to fruition.
You mean... You mean he made it all up?
Just as he had planned, we suspected Koji
because his fingerprints were on the threatening letter.
What you're saying doesn't make any sense.
It is precisely this that made me suspect you.
Because of those fingerprints we came to the conclusion
that the killer could only be Koji.
This made Mika really happy.
She had been waiting for him for so long, this moment.
I thought it would never come.
Thank you so much, Koji.
Hahaha!
It was no longer necessary for her to wait 6 months to collect the inheritance.
But suddenly, the situation changed.
Now the tables have turned, eh?
I now have someone to corroborate my alibi...
and you have no one, sister-in-law.
Mika had no one to confirm his alibi.
This, and the discovery of material evidence...
No.
No, it's impossible.
I don't know anything about this wig.
That's a lie, don't believe it.
At the time they died in Yoichi I was at home;
you must believe me, it's true.
That is to say that the murderer, in a premeditated way,
wrote the threatening letter with Koji's fingerprints on it
so that the Mika would have a moment of euphoria
before falling into absolute despair.
No way!
It was a hate-filled backhand intended for Mika.
In fact, it all started when you changed your testimony.
It was then that I began to doubt
and to suspect that the murderer was you.
You must admit that this story is very forced.
Come on, show me the evidence you have.
All your deductions are mere hypotheses.
Since you've been so meticulous,
it's likely that there's no material evidence.
What do you mean?
Kogoro, what are you saying?
So you admit that these are your imaginations.
-I don't know what you mean, now?
-But it was too careful.
There was a person who saw it, yesterday.
-Oh.
-A neighbor in the building across the street.
It was about half past five on 3.
As it was more than an hour earlier than they said on the news,
he thought it must be unrelated to the case.
But, even though he was seen inside two quarters of 3,
he didn't stab Mr. Takarada until almost past 3.
Therefore, all this palaver that he stabbed Mr. Takarada
while he seemed to be sleeping, he has made it up.
It's a lie and it doesn't hold water.
But, Mr. Mouri, this doesn't prove....
It doesn't prove that he killed him.
It doesn't prove that he killed him.
- (Shinkai) No.
(Shinkai) It's over.
(Shinkai) -You're right.
Eh?
The truth is I thought it was a perfect plan,
but the fact that there's only one crack means I've lost.
Of course I was careful, Mr. Mouri.
Although we had arranged to meet at 3 o'clock,
you could have arrived perfectly well a little earlier.
That's why I came in the ordinary
and I was vigilant by the window to be ready when you arrived.
If I didn't coordinate it well,
I would not have been able to hide behind the logic of this idea, as you say.
So then it is that...
Well yes, everything was exactly as Mr. Mouri said.
Oh.
But why?!
Why did you kill Yoichi just because he accuses me?
Eh?
Why did you do that?

You don't care if he inherits his property and insurance money!
and the insurance money!
It's true.
Why, Shinkai?!
Because he saw his mother reflected in you.
Oh!
Mr. Teshima explained it to me very well.
Excuse me, what you told me about Mr. Shinkai's selfish mother...?
(Shinkai) He loved my father.
Although he was physically weak, he was kind, cultured, and knew many things.
But my mother couldn't stand him
and, even so, she always refused to divorce him.
Finally, my father died.
No sooner had he collected the insurance money than he ran off with another man and disappeared,
he ran off with another man and disappeared.
He left me when I was just 10 years old.
But... This has nothing to do with me.
(Cries) I know.
I know that.
But seeing her made me think of her.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
"And the murderer mutilated the corpse to camouflage his crime."
Hahahaha!
Wow, you!
I've once again solved a case without realizing it.
It's a miracle, it's like I'm god.
Yes?
Ha-ha!
Soc god, right?
Hahahaha!
"The miracle is that he hasn't realized what's going on yet."
Come on!
Come on!
Let's make a band, the three of us!
Which one of you wants to sing?
Who wants to sing? What?
"Sorry, I don't have an ear at all."
(Girls) Aaaah!
(Woman) Hagie!
Hagie!
Your face looks familiar.
Couldn't it be that we've met before?
No, I'd say today is the first day we've seen each other.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The mismatched girl gang, (part one)'."

