(Sonoko) We must form a band!
Come on!
Come on, let's go!
Let's make a band, the three of us!
What's this all about now?
(Sonoko) What?
Yesterday I saw a cool movie
about some friends from high school who had a band and I loved it.
Did you really?
Oh, really?
And what instrument do you play, Sonoko?
The drums, of course!
The girl who played the drums in the movie looked a lot like me.
You should see him, he was so cool!
"Sure it was."
And what could I play?
Since you're a brunette and you have long hair, you have to play bass.
You'll be our bass player in the band!
What do you think of the idea?
But I haven't played one.
Besides, I don't know if I'd like it.
Sure, you'd do much better on piano, wouldn't you, Ran?
I could play bass myself.
Once, a friend of my older brother's taught me how to play it.
Perfect, so you play the bass.
And you, Ran, you could play the keyboard.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
All right, then.
But I guess we won't have to play in front of anyone, right?
Look!
We'll go play here,
the New Talent Festival they do on New Year's Eve at the Gran Hotel Beika.
I'm sure we'll do great and we'll win!
Hey, you mean we wouldn't need a guitarist, too?
That's true,
but in high school nobody knows how to play the guitar.
Azusa!
When you can, can you clean the table, please?
-Oh!
-Yes, sure.
-What?
-I've already found it!
That's her!
There was also a girl named Azusa in the movie, just like you!
and she was the one who played guitar with the band!
I'm sorry, but I've never picked up a guitar in my life.
Besides, I don't go to high school anymore, either.
Don't worry, if you wear a uniform, no one will notice.
-As a... as a girl?
-Believe me.
If you make a girlish face.
"She's obsessed with this movie."
I'm sorry, you mean it's not too hard, playing the guitar?
I'm sure you'll do just fine.
You'll see, with a little practice, you'll learn in no time.
Trust me.
You'll do great!
- (man) Play a little, then!
-Eh?
Come on, come on, I'll lend you my guitar.
But... I...
We'll connect it to the amplifier.
So you can play it right now.
-But...
-All yours!
You said that with a little practice you could learn right away, right?
Well, if so, go ahead, please show us what you can do.
"A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"What will the Sonoko do?"
"The gang of 3 high school friends has generated excitement."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The mismatched girl gang (part one)."
"It seems to me that in the movie they put their fingers like this..."
Did you notice?
You don't even know how to fuck!
Look at her, she talks so much and she doesn't even know how to fuck!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"Sonoko..."
- (boys: continue laughing)
-What a bar.
Dame-la.

Oysters!
Oh... (guys: continue laughing) Oh!

How do you play!
Well, with a little practice,
I'm sure you'll be able to play like that in no time, right?
-I'm sure they will...
-Oh, really!
Sonoko, you should be a little more careful and watch what you say.
Yes.
Thank you very much!
See you soon!
Hey, Toru, why don't you cheer up and join our group, too?
What?
We'd be a group made up of high school students and a very attractive guy.
I'd better not... I don't like to stand out too much...
"Sure, like you're an undercover agent...
the Men in Black Organization..."
But if you want, I can help you with the rehearsals.
Would you like me to accompany you to a studio and we can rehearse a bit?
That would be great!
Yes!

Hey, excuse me.
Your face looks familiar.
Couldn't it be that we've met before?
No, I'd say today is the first day we've met.
(Sonoko) Really?
All the rooms are occupied?
I'm sorry, but there won't be any free rooms for another hour.
-Let's come back another day.
-What do we do now?
Actually, an hour isn't that long.
But now that we've come this far...
We could wait.
There's a break room downstairs.
If we rent the instruments I can teach you how to play a few notes
and that way we can make the most of the time.
Wow!
Don't tell me you can play bass too?
Yes, but I don't know if I'll know as much...
as the person who taught you the first time.
By the way, do you know how to play the drums, Sonoko?
Of course I can!
What do you think!
I'm so good at Drum Master!
"A computer game?"
(Bass: musical scale)

You know a lot!
Masumi, you're doing great!
What a god!
But I've only done one scale.
I don't know any more.
This is all I learned from the person who taught me.
Don't you remember what he looked like, the face of the guy who taught you to play the bass?
A little bit...
And what makes you think it was a boy?
How do you know, if I haven't said anything?
Ah, I don't know, I just assumed it.
(Woman) Wow!
At this rate we will not get it even as a joke!
It's only a week until the live performance!
Tadako, you can't get the rhythm right with the bass, and you don't project your voice well enough!
Sorry, Someka.
I had a little too much to drink yesterday...
And Rumi, you often hit the wrong key when you play!
I'm sure your nails are too long!
I'm sorry, I haven't been able to play much lately...
And, Hagie, you play the drums with little desire...
I'm sorry, I'm just very sleepy...
You've got to get your act together!
Okay, girls?
Someka, your guitar sounded fast.
As if you were angry.
I told you, we don't have many days left...
And you didn't notice that you're about to drop a button.
-From the pocket on the left.
-What?
Ah.
Well, we'd better take a break and then we'll resume the rehearsal.
I'm going to go to the studio and take a nap.
If I get 10 minutes of sleep, I'll have enough.
Oh, my goodness.
And we only have the studio rented for two more hours.
What can I do with my nails?
If you want, I'll leave you my nail clippers.
Oh, thanks!
Then I'll go to the bathroom to cut them.
And you, Someka, do you want me to sew on your button?
I'd say I'm carrying the sewing box.
Really, you're like a grandmother, Tadako.
You also know how to sew and everything.
Yes.
But I don't know how to sew socks as well as Akane did.
Akane is the one who made the hat that Hagie wears in her memory.
That's right, Tadako.
The concert is a tribute to Akane, so it should be a great success!
And now Hagie goes and takes a nap.
It's hard to believe that she's not aware
what this concert means to us.
Wow.
I'd say I left my sewing box in the studio.
I'll go wake Hagie up
and while I'm at it, I'll sew on the button.
-Okay.
-You'll sew the jacket for me?
But I'll go and wake up Hagie.
I have to change the string of the guitar that broke.
Ah, I wanted to change a piece of a song that I don't like,
but if Hagie sleeps in the studio, I can't do it at high volume.
I have to play the keyboard to get the notes out.
I also have to turn it up to tune the guitar.
Well, since we still have time, we don't need to run.
You're right, you're right.
Okay, then.
We'll play Yoko Okino's song called "Dandelion."
-What?
-Who of you wants to sing it?
Sonoko, you'll sing it, won't you?
I won't.
I can't do two things at once.
I can't do two things at once.
-No, I don't want to sing.
-Do you want to sing it, Masumi?
Hey, how about asking your boyfriend, Shinichi?
He sure can play the guitar, can't he?
He can play the guitar, can't he?
Shinichi can play the violin,
but playing the guitar... I don't know, really.
What do you mean, you don't know?
And what about singing...
Singing is at the same level as Conan, isn't it?
"Sorry, I have no ear at all."
(Girls: squeal)

Aren't these voices from the girls who were here before?
They came from the studio upstairs.
-From the living room over there.
-Where did the screams come from?
The one at the back.
(Rumi) What's wrong with her?
Is she dead?
Is she dead?
(Rumi) - No.
She can't be!
-Hagie!
Hagie!
Hagie!
(Toru) He's got a mark on his neck.
Yes.
She's been strangled!
How did they strangle it?
Who has done this to Hagie?
I think we'll be able to find out soon enough.
Look, all we have to do is check...
the images from the security camera on the ceiling.
(Masumi) That's strange.
Half of the screen is kind of covered and it looks dark.
And it's just the part where the battery is.
It is the back of the mobile.
Yes, you are right, Rumi.
We were recording the rehearsal.
We attached a selfie stick to a mic stand.
Okay, we got it.
We got it.
Well, under the circumstances...
Even if there was someone near the victim...
"It's impossible to know who it was."
I can see that.
In order to record the trial,
they have placed the cell phone on the end of the selfie pole
and attached the other end of the pole to the foot of the microphone,
more or less like this.
And in this way a part of the image has been covered.
Precisely the area around the battery is out of the reach of the
is outside the range of the security camera;
so it's impossible to know who strangled him.
Yes, that is correct.
Correct?
By the way, which one of you put the cell phone right here?
It was me, inspector.
But that the camera was covered I didn't do it not expressly.
I just put the cell phone in the place where everyone told me to put it.
And I listened to them.
Isn't that right, girls?
Yes.
It's true.
"We saw what was on the screen of the cell phone
and we told him to move more to the left..."
"Or further back."
And it seems to me that in the end we have chosen the definitive position
because Hagie told us to leave the cell phone where it was
and to assagéssim at once.
Ya.
And how come they didn't say anything to you, the people in charge of the studio?
They must have noticed that the camera was half covered.
First they have warned us that it was covered,
but as they already know us because we come here often,
maybe that's why they didn't tell us anything else...
And there is also another thing.
Normally in every studio there is a mirrored wall like this one.
In this case the murder should have been reflected in the mirror
and the security camera should have recorded everything in detail.
But, strangely enough... How come the curtain was closed?
Hagie told us to close it.
He said he wanted to concentrate on playing.
She told us to record the rehearsal with her cell phone and that she would look at it later.
Mmmm... So, a series of circumstances coincided.
Interesting.
Yes, and the culprit thought that this was the ideal moment...
and seized the opportunity to commit murder.
Well, if I may, this is my amateur detective opinion.
It would be nice if the three people involved would explain their version of the story
and contrast it with the security camera footage.
It seems that the three girls have been entering the rehearsal room,
one by one, with the intention of awakening the Hagie.
They all think they are detectives:
the little boy, the high school girl,
and I just missed the cafeteria guy, too.
Boy, there sure are detectives in this neighborhood, aren't there?
Correct me if I'm wrong.
The four members of the group have left the studio
to take a break in the downstairs living room.
Hagie said she wanted to get some sleep
and went back up to the studio.
The other three have gone in at different times to wake her up,
but she didn't wake up.
Finally, when she had been asleep for more than half an hour, the three of them decided to go and wake her up,
they decided to go and wake her up together
and that's when they found her dead.
Well, let's see.
Let's see.
Yes.
That's right.
Who was the first to go and wake Hagie up?
I've... it was me.
I called her several times but she didn't move.
When I finished sewing on the button, even though she was fast asleep.
And I went back to the room downstairs with Someka and Rumi.
Which button?
One that was about to fall off Someka's jacket,

but I had left my sewing box in the studio.
Yes, I did.
Here you can see perfectly when she enters.
You can only see half of her body, but you can clearly see her sewing.
But apparently she's been in there for more than 10 minutes.
I would say that's a long time, just to sew on a button, right?
Yes, because I noticed that the cuff of the jacket was also unpicked.
It's true.
You fixed my cuff.
Moving on, who came in next?
Me, inspector.
I took my guitar to be tuned, and I rented one so I could rehearse.
But while we were rehearsing, a string broke.
And that's why I went into the studio,
to change the string and wake up the Hagie.
In fact, we also stopped for a moment to rest,
because my string had broken and I couldn't continue playing.
Okay, but if I had rented the guitar here,
couldn't you have asked the manager
to change the string?
I wanted to change it myself as I always do.
What's the problem?
Here are the pictures.
It's you, Someka.
Here you can see that you change the guitar string and tune it.
(Someka) Yes, exactly!
But to tune the guitar you had to turn up the volume, right?
And it was very close to the drums, too.
The truth is that I wanted to make noise to wake her up.
I wanted to get to the point and resume the rehearsal as soon as possible.
And at that moment, do you remember how she was, the Hagie?
Yes, she was sleeping leaning on one of the drums,
with her head resting on the arm.
That was her position.
She always slept like that.
So even if the Hagie was already dead then....
You wouldn't have noticed, would you?
-What are you insinuating?!
-What are you insinuating?
That I killed her when I came in to sew on the button of the jacket?
No, we're just talking hypothetically.
So the last one who came in to wake her up was you, Rumi?
Yes, sir.
There was a part of the song I wanted to change.
I went up to the studio to make the change
and I wanted to take the opportunity to wake up Hagie.
If you look carefully at the notes I made on the score,
you will understand better what I mean.
Let's see...
Yes.
It seems that some parts are rewritten.
-Yes.
-Here you wanted to speed up the tempo, right?
Yes, I think it's much better, it has much more rhythm!
"I don't understand a thing."
Anyway, now that the Hagie is dead,
I don't know if we'll ever get a chance to play the song again.
-Hey, look, look at the pictures.
-So serious.
The Rumi.
She moved the keyboard out of place.
(Rumi) I didn't want to wake up the Hagie,
and that's why I moved her a little bit away from the drums.
I didn't want the Hagie to feel the song
until I had the final version of the whole thing.
And that's why I've been playing with the volume very low.
When I finished making the changes, I called him but he didn't answer.
I see... I see that you have also been about 10 minutes in the studio.
All right, now it's time to look for the weapon...
that was used to kill the victim.
We will now search all three of them,
and then we'll ask you to wait in the downstairs lounge.
How do you not find the murder weapon?
Are you sure?
Have you checked everywhere?
Yes, we've searched the entire premises thoroughly,
including the sink and the drain.
Mmm...
The approximate time of death coincides with the time
her roommates entered the studio to wake her up.
According to the security camera
from the store next to the studio,
none of the three of them left at any time.
And if no weapon was found in the studio, nor were the girls
and the girls weren't carrying them,
the murder weapon must be on the premises.
Right now.
Search-well everywhere!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hello.
What's up? What's up?
We saw the police car parked outside.
No, nothing...
Now you'll tell us who the suspects are.
What's wrong, Masumi?
What's on your mind?
No, no.
Seeing the guy carrying the guitar case brought back memories.
It made me think of 4 years ago.
When I saw Shuichi at a train station,
on the other side of the tracks, with a guitar case on his back.
"He said 'in Shuichi'?"
"So Masumi is Shuichi Akai's sister?"
I was surprised to see him,

because I knew he was in the United States.
Until then, I had not seen him playing any instrument.
I remember I was coming back from the movies.
I was meeting a friend of mine to go see a movie.
And when I saw Shuichi I started to run
and got on the same train.
I really wanted to hear him play live.
Oh!
So what?
Go on, explain!
Well, in Shuichi he discovered me on a platform
after changing trains several times.
He scolded me and told me to go home,
but I told him I had no money and didn't know how to get back.
"He told me to wait for him on the platform while he went to buy me a ticket.
while he went to buy me a ticket."
"The truth is that I was a little old,
I had money and I knew how to get home."
"But I guess he still saw me as a little girl."
So what happened?
Did you listen to him and wait like he told you to?
Oh, yes, I did!
I wanted to cry so badly.
But then, the boy who was with Shuichi came up to me and...
Listen...
Hey, excuse me, do you like music?
After asking me this,
he took the bass out of the case and taught me how to play it right there.
Well, he taught me how to do the ladder.
So, the person who taught you to play the bass was...?
-Yes, but it was very little time.
How strong!
Was it him?
Only 10 minutes, actually.
And you didn't think that maybe he and your older brother
played in the same band?
I don't know, I don't remember, actually.
"That kid was carrying the bass in a soft case."
"But when he took the bass out,
the case didn't lose its shape at all and stayed exactly the same."
Maybe the case was just to hide something hard inside.
What could it be?
"A rifle!"
So what, what?
Did he tell you what it was called?
No, no, he didn't.
He didn't tell me.
But a little while later another guy showed up
and I felt him call him.
He called him "Scotch."
What?
Scotch?
But he was a foreigner?
No, I got the impression that he was Japanese,
and I thought it was a nickname.
The boy who called him, I remember perfectly well...
he was wearing a cap that covered his face a lot.
I couldn't see him very well.
But, if I'm not mistaken, that boy with the cap..,
looked... a lot like you, Toru!
I'm sorry, Masumi.
It wasn't me.
I see you like playing detective, don't you?
Anyway, instead of talking about old stories,
why don't we try to solve the case that happened here?
Yeah, sure.
I guess that's better.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
Maybe the girls are right
and we should talk to members of the other groups.
Would you mind letting me see the video of the rehearsal you recorded?
No problem.
But I must say that while we weren't rehearsing I stopped it,
so I don't think the killer's coming out.
It has.
- "Sure, I can see it now."
- "Look at that."
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Bad-Ass Girl Gang (part two)."

