(Shinichi voice) "One day after school, at the Café Poirot,
Sonoko tells Ran and Masumi to form a music group."
"In Toru Amuro and I accompany them to a sound studio to rehearse."
"There's another girl group in the studio, too."
- (both) Eh ?!
- (girls) Aaaah!
(girl) What's wrong with her?
Is she dead?!
Is she dead?!
-No, it can't be! -No, it can't be!
-Hagie!
(Hagie!
Hagie!
(Shinichi voice) "The security footage shows nothing,
and the police can't find the murder weapon."
"Meanwhile, the Masumi has suspicions about Toru Amuro."
So what, what?
Did she tell you his name?
No, no, he didn't tell me.
But a short time later another boy I felt called him.
He called him Scotch.
The boy who called him, I remember perfectly well...
he was wearing a cap that covered his face too much.
I didn't get a good look at him.
But, if I'm not mistaken, that boy with the cap...
looked a lot like you, Toru.
Sorry, Masumi, it wasn't me.
You like playing detective, don't you?
Anyway, instead of talking about old stories,
why don't we try to solve the case that happened here?
Yeah, sure.
I guess that's better.
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splattered by crime
Is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"What should the Scotch and in Bourbon be hiding?"
"But the priority is to find the murder weapon."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The band of mismatched girls (Part Two)."
They want to re-register us?
-What?
I don't understand, we've been searched before!
We have to do it to be sure.
Of course.
That means they haven't found the murder weapon yet.
That's why they suspect one of us has it, right, Inspector?
Come on!
Don't tell me you think we've swallowed.
Why don't they take an X-ray of us, anyway?
If it should help them not to suspect us...
By the way, have you been able to talk to members of other bands?
No, not really, not yet.
-Someone might be angry with her.
-The Hagie had been discussed a lot.
Not long ago, we played the same gig with a bunch of guys and...
What are you guys doing here?
Even if I play, girls?
But your singer died, didn't he?
It seems that now this poor freckle-faced girl will take her place.
What a pity, isn't it?
In fact it wasn't your fault,
that the singer lost her voice and committed suicide.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-You couldn't do anything.
And who was that singer who committed suicide?
Her name was Akane Shuto.
She had a fantastic voice.
By the way, we have to keep in mind that anyone...
who could have looked at the reception monitor would have noticed...
that half of the security camera was covered, right?
Yes, and if there was anyone
who knew that the girls were in the habit of doing this..,
they could have found out what studio they were rehearsing in today.
Therefore, anyone from the outside would have been able to get into the studio...
without being seen, strangle the victim...
and quietly walk away with the murder weapon.
Maybe the girls are right
and we should talk to members of the other groups.
There is a problem.
Since we initially suspected only the three of them,
the others have been let go.
Then tell them to come back immediately!
(Takagi) Yes, sir!
(All) Eh?
Excuse me, girls, one question.
Who had the idea to form a group?
It was Hagie.
We were studying together at the university at that time.
She said she found a really good singer,
and we immediately formed a group with Akane.
Akane sang very well, and played guitar, bass and keyboard.

She taught us many things.
But there were many other things Akane didn't know how to do.
Hagie, for example, taught her how to cook.
And I explained things about fashion and makeup.
I tried to teach her how to sew and embroider, but she tired quickly.
The only thing she didn't give up was stocking.
If I'm not mistaken, it was you, Rumi, who taught her how to do, right?
Yes, and in the end Akane ended up doing it much better than I did.
I taught you guys too.
Something, would you let me see the video of the rehearsal you recorded?
No problem.
But while we weren't rehearsing I stopped it,
so I don't think the killer will come out.
Huh?
It has.
Rumi, I thought you gave the recording to the police.
I showed them,
but it didn't look like it had anything to do with the case and they gave it back to me.
And that's the last time we played with the Hagie.
Did you record the video vertically?
And why?
Horizontally there should be more room for the whole band.
Well, I decided to shoot it vertically so that this way...
our feet wouldn't be cut off, right?
Yes.
Because that way it wouldn't be like a TV screen.
(thinks) "Look at that."
Mm...
(thinks) "Sure, now I see it."
You still haven't found the murder weapon?
No, sir, I haven't.
The victim, Hagie Yamaji,
was strangled with a rope-like weapon.
The marks on her neck indicate resistance.
The murder weapon, with traces of Miss Yamaji's blood on it,
must be in this studio, and we can't understand why we didn't find it!
How can it be?
We have checked all the rope-like objects we have found,
but none of them reacted to the luminol.
Come to think of it, one girl in the group, Someka Kibune,
changed a string on the guitar she rented, didn't she?
Yes, that's the first one we checked, but we didn't find anything.
Mmm.
Maybe she cut the string to pieces and flushed it down the toilet.
That's the first thing we thought, but nothing at all.
And we also examined the scissors
from Ms. Tadako Fujikawa's sewing box
and Miss Rumi Kogure's nail clippers,
but we didn't find anything either.
If she had cut some kind of blood-stained rope,
we would have detected a minimum of traces, but there was nothing.
Well, maybe it was a member of another music group,
who strangled Miss Yamaji,
and then fled the crime scene with the gun.
If that's what happened, they would have gotten rid of it by now.
Mmm...
Hopefully, the forensic team will find traces of the killer's skin
to the fingernails of Miss Yamaji's corpse.
They are examining her now, it would be a good clue.
She appears to have been strangled from behind,
it's not very likely that the killer could have scratched her.
Have you been able to locate and notify
all the members of the groups that have left?
We're missing a couple or three people,
so they're not all here yet.
What?
You don't need to have anyone come!
Because they're looking for a person who hasn't left here yet.
Who... who is still here, you say?
What?!
Yes..., exactly.
This means that the murderer is...
The murderer is one of the three group mates
of Miss Hagie Yamaji.
But... Really?
How is that possible?
What is it?
Why don't we go downstairs?
There are the girls who are expected
and we can explain exactly what happened.
What do you mean?
That the Hagie's killer is one of the three of us?
Do you keep harping on this?
Well, the truth is, we don't say so.
This is the theory of these people who help us.
But what does it say?
I don't care if they think they're detectives.
They've searched us and found nothing that could have been the weapon.
I don't know why they still suspect us.
If they're so insistent that we've hidden the gun,
that means it should be here in the study, right?
-Don't be nervous.
Not yet.
-But you haven't found it yet?
Well, that's good!
Then we're innocent, aren't we?
Why don't you let us go at once?
-We can't possibly find her.
-Well... it's just that...

Because the murder weapon is no longer in the studio.
It's far from here.
-They took it away a long time ago.
What?!
But what's going on, this one, now?
It has been very clear that we have not left the studio at any time!
How do they want us to have taken the gun out of the studio?!
Because it turns out... that the weapon has not been taken by any of you.
The murder weapon was taken by the police.
(Both) What?!
Because it turns out... the gun was not taken by either of you.
The murder weapon was taken by the police.
The police have taken to the police station
all the victim's belongings to the police station for investigation, right?
Yes, that's right.
But no rope was found among all his belongings.
What if it was camouflaged inside something that would make it go unnoticed?
"A... something else"?
What?
Yes..., the stocking cap worn by Hagie Yamaji.
The weapon was a rope camouflaged in the fabric of the cap.
Oh...!
What?
Camouflaged in the cap?
Oh!
Yes, the assassin had thought out a plan down to the smallest detail.
First she would have looked for a rope of the same color as the hat.
Once she had strangled the hagie, she had time to unpick the tassel.
Then he quickly wove the rope with which he committed the crime,
so that at first glance it looked like an original part of the hat.
She reattached the tassel and put the hat on the victim.
She was sure that no one would notice
that the new folded out brim reached higher than before.
But... wait a minute.
To make stockings you don't use two needles,
which are like metal sticks with pointed ends?
Because after searching the three girls twice
we didn't find anything on them.
Because they were at the crime scene, right next to the victim.
-How?!
Right... next to her?
- (all) What?!
Exactly, right next to, on top of the box...
that was to the left of the victim.
The drumsticks used to play the drums!
If someone is skilled enough, they can use the drumsticks for knitting.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Don't you think?
It may very well have been as you say.
None of the three have been much more than 10 minutes in the studio,
when they went to wake up the Hagie.
Let's see, let's remember:
Tadako sewed the button on Someka's jacket pocket.
Yes!
And also the cuff that had come undone!
Someka replaced the guitar string that had broken.
I told you that I also tuned the guitar, didn't I?
And Rumi made some changes to the song.
-Yes, that's right.
I played the keyboard.
-Is that right?
I don't think any of the three of us had much time to do a half, then.
But there's one person who had been able to prepare ahead of time
everything she had to do later in the room.
- (all) Oh...
- (both) Eh?
You had been able to prepare what you had to do in the hall,
right, Miss Kogure?
(all) Oh!
Sure, I get it!
The button on Someka's jacket has come undone by accident,
and the guitar string also broke by accident.
In fact, I had rented the guitar here from the studio itself,
it's possible that the strings were already a little bit worn out.
and one of them broke.
Interesting.
As for the changes to the song, if I had thought about them before I came,
once here I just had to write them down in the notebook and that was it.
Yes, it's true!
Also, unlike the others, if you remember the recording,
the Rumi had her back to the security camera.
She could make it look like she was touching the keyboard, but in reality she was doing a sock.
-And they said she knew a lot.
- (both) Of course she did!
She even taught the others, didn't she?
Yes, that's true, but I also know how to knit.
In addition, the person who has committed the murder,
should have cared to cover the camera, right?
-Yes, that's right.
-Isn't that right, Rumi?
We have put the cell phone on a selfie pole
and then we attached it to a mic stand.
That it was right in front of the security camera
was pure coincidence.
The decision was made by the three of us,

after checking how the image looked for the screen.
Or are they insinuating that we have all agreed to place the cell phone
to place the cell phone in just the right spot to cover the camera?
This we've already figured out how it went, too.
After watching the video of the rehearsal you recorded with the cell phone,
it's pretty clear how it all went.
-Wow...
-What?
I've watched this video too, but I didn't find anything special...
If I may, I'd like to watch it again, please.
Oh, so much!
Here you are.
Mm... What is there, that clarifies everything?
The position that the instruments are placed.
The instruments?
The position of the drums is decided at the beginning and cannot be changed.
The guitarist and the bass player will never be out of plane
no matter how they move.
The position of the cell phone to record the video
depends on the keyboardist, the Rumi, which is on the left side.
In other words,
only the Rumi could control where the mobile had to be placed,
depending on the position where the keyboard was.
Therefore, it could have placed the keyboard....
so that by force the cell phone... covered the security camera.
If the Rumi was placed very close to the battery..,
the cell phone would also have to move closer,
and then it would be in front of the security camera...
and it would certainly cover it.
On the other hand, if it moved away, the cell phone would also have to move away?
and it would have been out of range of the security camera.
So he covered up half of the security camera's image.
He made it look like he was going into the studio to wake up Hagie
and strangled her with the rope he had prepared in advance.
He then weaved the rope into Hagie's hat using the drumsticks
while pretending to make changes to the song.
He put the hat back on Hagie's cap
and went back to the break room as if nothing had happened.
That's how it went, isn't it, Rumi?
Am I wrong?
But this means that he had to know
that the Hagie would be sleeping sitting on the battery.
It seems to me that Someka said earlier
that the Hagie always took this curious position when she wanted to sleep.
If the Hagie was in the habit of sleeping this way,
after putting a sleeping pill in her drink..,
it was very easy to foresee that she would feel like taking a nap...
and go to sleep in the recording studio sitting on the drums.
If we look for the debris, we're sure to find the Hagie's bottle.
And if we analyze it, we'll find traces of the sleeping pill.
Yes, sir!
Scan the debris!
Oh, and tell forensics to examine the victim's hat as well.
All right, Inspector!
Hurry up!
Miss Rumi Kogure, if you'll accompany me to the police station, please.
-Wait.
- (both) But Rumi...
And what about the scissors?
Without scissors to cut the thread,
you couldn't get the tassel out of the cap, could you?
-She used the nail clippers.
-Huh?
I guessed that Tadako would leave it on her
if her nails were too long.
What are you saying?
This is all your assumptions!
You have absolutely no evidence to prove that I killed the Hagie!
Eh?
It's very obvious.
Your friend has left you the nail clippers,
but she didn't cut them.
Today she already knew that she wouldn't rehearse.
So, like she had already made up her mind,
there was no reason for her to cut her nails,
was there, Miss Rumi?
And to the murder weapon, in addition to the Hagie's blood traces,
it seems to me that you will also find her fingerprints.
New forensic techniques make it possible to extract prints
from any kind of surface,
even if it's soft and rough,
like, for example, the surface of a tennis ball.
All this is nonsense!
The Rumi could not have used the cap to commit murder!
Exactly, because it was Akane, her best friend, who knitted the hat.
- (both) Eh?
-It's true.
I used the hat precisely because Akane had knitted it,
because the Hagie suffered the consequences of Akane's hatred!
(Both) What?!
You know how Akane's voice was ruined, don't you?
One day Hagie had drunk a lot...

He told her she should have a huskier voice, that was it.
Exactly.
The Akane took it seriously.
He gargled with a special liquor,
covered her face with a pillow and called out very loudly
so that her voice would come back hoarser.
But... but then the Hagie....
What happened to your voice?
It was much nicer than before.
Anyway, there's nothing we can do now.
Tadako, next concert you will sing.
Akane, you won't sing anymore!
She told herself.
That was too much!
Hagie didn't realize how bad Akane felt!
A few days later,
Akane threw herself in front of a car because it ran over her.
I couldn't stand her anymore...
That's why I now wanted to avenge Akane.
Rumi, Akane did not commit suicide.
It was an accident.
It's not true, it's not true!
Akane would never have gone through a red light.
You're wrong, Rumi.
It was a little boy, who crossed on a red light.
The Akane saw him and wanted to help him, and then she was run over.
It can't be!
I don't believe it.
That's a lie!
Besides, I remember perfectly well, at Akane's funeral,
that Hagie confessed that she had died because of him!
Rumi, surely because Akane listened to Hagie...
and did what she told her to do.
I don't understand you.
What do you mean?
The Hagie told her: "Don't speak until you get your voice back.
I'm sure you'll soon have your beautiful voice again.
Forgive me, I'm very sorry.
I shouldn't have told you such a foolish thing.
I had had too much to drink.
All the witnesses who saw the accident
said that Akane had climbed down from the sidewalk to save the boy
instead of calling to warn him.
You must not have known that, after Akane's death,
you were in bed, sick from the crash.
No!
What am I going to do now?
Hagie!
No, no...!
Ahu!
Ahu...!
Forgive me..., Hagie!
Forgive me!
(Shinichi voice) "The assassin's cries of desperation
"resounded in the studio...,
until her voice became hoarse."
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
I can't believe it.
Finally the killer was the girl on the keyboard.
Yes...
I'm really impressed, Masumi.
You've done it again, you've solved a case again!
Really?
Well, with Toru and Conan's help...
this case was a piece of cake.
-Congratulations, Miss Detective.
-Right, guys?
Actually, if I know anything, it's because of my brother's influence.
You mean the brother that you said was so smart
during the woman in red case?
No, that was my middle brother.
What really influenced me was my older brother.
But I thought you said your older brother died.
Don't tell me he was a cop and died on duty.
Yes, he did.
But he didn't work for the Japanese police.
He worked in the United States.
He was a special agent for the FBI!
Wow!
Is that so?
You can tell he had a hard time getting a green card.
Is that why he went to the United States, your brother?
Yes.
Hey, excuse me, what was your brother's name?
His name was Shuichi Akai.
(Shinichi, think) "I knew it."
What do you think?
Does it ring a bell?
But, let's see, I don't understand.
Didn't you see it at a train station in Japan?
Yes, that's why I was so surprised to see it!
So, the guy who taught you how to play the bass...
maybe he was also a special agent of the FBI.
He must have been a friend of my brother's that I had met while on vacation.
(Toru, thinks) "That's not true."
"He was a Japanese secret service agent."
"And your brother, in Shuichi Akai..., killed him."

Have you seen what a bunch of balloons?
Look, they are about to collide!
Maybe yes, it was just an accident.
That's what we think.
But a person has died and you could be responsible.
What?
It can't be.
(Shinichi, thinking) "Wow! Could it be what I think?"
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The Mystery of the Hot Air Balloon'."

