(Male) In fact, it's just the opposite direction.
Really? (Laughs)
Oh, my goodness.
We could turn back but it's about to get dark.
Do you know if there's any place nearby where we can spend the night?
There's an inn at the foot of the mountain.
Well, we're going to spend the night.
Thank you very much for the information.
- (groaning)
-You're welcome, girl.
Eh?
But, uh... what was that noise?
This is the voice of the Tengu.
"A black cloth splashed by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"Everyone has heard the haunting moan."
"With the Tengu's secret begins a new case."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"Tengu's voice is felt."
Oh!
It's beautiful!
(Man) Where did the money come from?!
Now I don't know what you're talking about.
I am referring to the money that is not reflected in the books.
I don't know what money you're talking about.
And if you continue to make things up, I will sue you for slander, Imazu!
Try it, if you dare!
He's a useless bastard.
Wow..., this bath was great!
I'm so hungry!
You can say that again.
Ah, it's you.
You recommended us very well.
Did you?
I'm glad.
Ah, hello, professor, this way, please.
Thank you. Thank you.
Ah, I didn't expect you to be a writer...
(Man) Professor, say a few words, please.
It's 10 minutes to 10 o'clock.
It's still more than an hour before the bus passes.
Hey, listen to me for a moment.
You see there's a cave nearby.
Would you like to go and see it?
Let's go, then.
We have nothing to do.
It's a good thing we were finally able to leave our bags at the inn.
Yes.
Look, I think this is it.
That's good.
Let's see what he says...
Mm?
What's that noise?
-It's all right. -It's all right.
-I'm sorry, excuse me.
What was I supposed to do, this one, crouching back here?
What? I think it's locked.
I think it's locked.
Just a moment, I'm coming.
Don't worry, I'm here.
You see?
The cave opens at 10 o'clock.
I'm here.
Come in, please.
Let's see?
That's all right.
What's wrong?
It's not...
The mask is gone!
Excuse me, is it inside the cave?
Yes, in fact, it's because of the people who can't go down,
because the corridor is too narrow.
Look, Conan, have you noticed?
There seems to be some kind of shrine inside.
It's the shrine of the Long-Nosed Tengu.
What is it?
Look!
Now what do you say?
Oh!
It's hanging!
What is it?
It can't be!
Let's go in, hurry!
Has he fallen?
-About... watch out for the head. -Oh!
-Oh!
Yes, yes!
What a mess I've made...
What a shock!
Are you all right, father?
You were right when you said it was too narrow.
That's it, we're here.
Come on, let's go!
What's that?
It's the mayor!
He's got no pulse.
This man is dead.
Ran, you should call the police.
Yes.
There's no reception here.
You have to go to the inn to call.
I'm on my way.
I think I know how it went.
The mayor put a rope through a beam and hung himself.
But the wood, which was very old,
didn't hold the weight and broke.
What I still don't understand
is why he had to choose such a high place to hang himself.
Eh?
It's a scaffolding.
What's this?
It's used to climb up to the shrine so you can visit it.
I don't think so now, because it's all dismantled.
Yesterday morning, when I came for the last time, although it was there.
I don't know who took it down.
And are you sure you can't go up, without scaffolding?
Come on, let's go up!
Up you go!
(Kogoro) There's no way... This way, you can't go up.
(Professor) Of course you can go up.
Professor Shimomura!
Ah, hello, we meet again.

You tell me how to access, for this wall is very straight.
But... don't tell me it's...
Yes, it's the mayor.
Unfortunately he is dead.
And about climbing on the wall,
Hirai, when you were young, we used to line you up all the time, didn't we?
Yes, we did, and every time we tried it, you scolded us a lot.
Excuse me, could you tell me why they call you teacher?
He was the headmaster of the school and he has always been a teacher.
So, when he retired a couple of years ago,
he continued to research the myth of Tengu the Long Nose.
So the book you have published is also about the Tengu?
Yes, but it has to be said that it was paid for by my former students.
They even had a party in my honor yesterday.
I am very grateful to them for everything.
So, the mayor and Mr. Imazu had also been your students?
Yes, but they both attended different courses.
(Noise)
"Again."
This Tengu voice, can you tell me what exactly it is?
Who knows?
What happened to it?
(Man) No... MAYAMA!
-It's Mr. Imazu.
-And you, who are you?
I was the mayor of the town until Mr. MAYAMA won it in the last mayoral elections.
in the last mayoral elections.
Well..., Mr. Imazu, if you don't mind, I would like to ask you a few questions.
-My name is Kogoro Mouri and I am a detective.
-First tell me who you are.
Can you tell me how long ago you were in front of the cave?
Since half past five on the 9th.
Did you happen to see Mr. MAYAMA arrive?
Yes.
He must have arrived around 9 o'clock.
-Totally.
-And he was alone?
It seems to me that now I should tell you
why you were waiting for me in front of the cave like that, right?
Of course you should.
Well, last night...
Are you blackmailing me?
How much do you want?
Okay... Where do you want to meet?
Tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock at the Tengu's cave.
Understood.
Although I can't say for sure,
I believe she was being extorted
for the money she illegally collected in the elections.
"That's why she waited for me hiding in front of the cave."
"I waited for a long time, but he didn't come out."
Then, when you arrived and found me,
I was deciding what to do.
And in the meantime, did you see if anyone else entered the cave?
Listen, Mr. Imazu.
No one came in.
Di.
I understand that you are a builder, right?
Are you the one who had the scaffolding dismantled to access the sanctuary?
-Is it up to you?
When it was dismantled?
-That's right.
It was last night.
MAYAMA called me to ask me to dismantle it.
Well, I find it strange.
If it was to be hung in the sanctuary,
it was easier to climb the scaffolding.
Why did she do it the day after she was dismantled?
I don't think she planned to do it.
It would be more of an impulsive reaction.
(Kogoro) No, no.... I had planned it well.
Because he had prepared the rope to use for hanging.
More or less, it would go like this.
"At 9 o'clock in the morning, not knowing that Mr. Imazu was watching him,
Mr. MAYAMA entered the cave alone."
"He then locked the door from the inside
and took the Tengu's mask that was in the office."
"Then he climbed up the wall,
"He tied the rope he had carried himself to the beam of the shrine
and hung himself."
And the person who wanted to blackmail him
didn't show up to collect the money?
Surely he has come,
but he must have seen Mr. Imazu in front of the cave
and must have been scared.
Of course, it's true.
Now we only need to know why.
Do you have any idea what it could be?
"What's that?"
"Let-let me look."
"Petechial hemorrhages. Which is strange."
"If he'd hung himself, he should have gotten them... on his legs."
"This means he didn't kill himself!"
"When must he have gone in and out of the cave, the killer?"
"We have no guarantee that Mr. Imazu is telling the truth."
"And he may also have overlooked some detail."
"But... what is certain is that, when we arrived,
the door was locked."
"I'll try climbing in."
Eh?
Mm?
Don't worry, nothing will happen to me.
Watch out, Conan, it's dangerous!
(Shinichi voice) 5 minutes.

This is where we found Mr. Shimomura yesterday.
That's why we heard the Tengu's voice.
(Imazu) He must have thought he could get away from the blackmailer.
That's just like him.
When things started to go wrong, he'd run away.
- (Shimomura) No, this is not true.
- (Hirai) Maybe it is.
He would probably have a bad conscience.
In fact, the Long Nose Tengu is a symbol of pursuing evil.
Perhaps he has put on the mask to try to convey this message.
"Lucky the body was swaying."
"If it had fallen vertically on the rocks,
it would have suffered much more damage."
"But..."
"How come it was swaying? Surely it was because of the wind."
Are you sure we can get through this narrow section?
We can get through, inspector.
But watch your head.
I'm sure the call from the blackmailer
and Mr. Shimomura's book presentation party
have triggered this incident.
Yes, it could be.
"I've found it!"
Well, we can now say that the case is solved...
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
But father!
This is what I would like to say,
but in fact it's what the killer wants me to say.
Examine the victim's back.
What?
You will see that he has petechial hemorrhages.
Wow, it's true!
(Kogoro voice) A person who dies hanging will have petechial hemorrhages on his legs.
And if he dies lying on the ground, they come out on his back.
So they hanged him after he died lying on his back?
Don't talk nonsense, Hirai.
No one would be able to climb carrying a body up there.
That's true.
Besides, it wouldn't make any sense to do it either.
-Yes, say.
- (Kogoro voice) Hirai.
Try to remember what you saw on the screen at the cave entrance.
Well, I'll try.
I saw the mayor... hanging from the beam.
And, by any chance, did you see if he was moving?
(Hirai) Yes, he was swinging.
Since he was swinging,
the body did not impact directly on the rocks.
(Hirai) -You mean it was the wind?
-(Hirai) Surely it must have been moving because of the wind.
On the screen above you could see the fountain in the foreground.
And the water was gushing exactly the same as it was now.
Maybe it was swaying because it had finished hanging.
It would make sense that the body was still moving.
Considering the petechial hemorrhages, it's not possible.
So how did the body sway?
-What?
-Because it was propelling itself.
A dead man propelling himself?
That's impossible!
I don't think you understood me.
What we saw on the screen
was the killer pretending to be the victim.
What do you mean?
What are you saying?
"At 9 o'clock in the morning, Mr. MAYAMA arrived at the cave...
just as the blackmailer had told him to do."
"The assassin was waiting inside."
"And he locked the door from the inside."
"In this way he had one hour to commit the crime..,
until Mr. Hirai arrived and opened the door at 10 o'clock."
"The murderer had Mr. MAYAMA lowered Mr. MAYAMA into the cave."
"And with the rope he had carried,
he encircled her neck and strangled her."
"After this, he put on Mr. MAYAMA's sweater and pants....
and the mask of the Long-Nosed Tengu."
"He has only put on the mask simply to cover his face."
"The assassin has climbed the shrine for the wall."
"He has tied to the beam the rope
"which he had used for strangling in MAYAMA
and broke it so that it fell to the ground."
"Then he has tied another piece of rope to the body, as if it were a harness,
and hung himself on the beam."
"He has made it so that, when he has let go,
the rope also came undone."
"He rocked to gain momentum and jumped over a rock on the edge."
He landed on a ledge that was off camera.
If you want to check it out,
I'm sure you'll find a clipping of the victim's sweater.
I found it!
"Then he put the clothes back on Mr. MAYAMA
and also put the Tengu mask on him."
"This is what happened."
I don't know if it all fits together exactly.
How did he run away, the murderer?
And more importantly, how did the killer know that you were here?
He knew from the Tengu's voice.
And now!

But everyone knows that they don't exist.
It is a characteristic noise
that is felt every time the cave door opens and closes.
And the voice of the people is also felt a little bit.
(Man) This is very tight....
I don't know how we're going to get the body out of here....
The killer sensed us and ran to hide.
This would explain everything.
And then, who do you think it was?
We can eliminate Mr. Hirai
because he saw the body fall at the same time we did.
-Neither did I.
-Hey, it wasn't me!
The murderer must have climbed up the wall and fled.
What?
That's right!
It must have been the mountain!
In fact, there is a very curious thing about the Tengu's voice.
The first time we heard the Tengu's voice
was when the Ran came out.
Well, I'm on my way.
"In other words, the first voice that has been felt....
was the noise of the Ran opening the door."
(Noise)
"The second time, it was just before Mr. Imazu appeared."
"So, it was the noise of Mr. Imazu opening the door."
"So, between the one and the other, no one could have entered or left."
Mr. Shimomura, at what time did you enter the cave?
Why do you ask me?
I entered the cave right after you.
I guess it would be after you heard the first voice.
If so, you should have crossed with the Ran.
Besides, the corridor of the cave is so narrow...
that you should have encountered the force.
M-maybe it has been a little later.
And they missed the noise of the door.
Enough.
Although you have the bar to insist that you are innocent?
But what do you say, you now?
When we met yesterday, you were wearing this scarf around your shoulders.
And today you wear it around your neck.
Isn't it because you have a wound that you don't want anyone to see...
and that you've made by bumping into the rocks?
Don't talk nonsense!
I got the scratches from walking up the mountain.
If it were just one scratch, it could be explained.
But, tell me, how did you get the scratches...
that you have on both legs, professor?
Inspector, please examine Mr. MAYAMA's body.
His clothes are torn, but there is not a single scratch on him.
It is true.
The rope he used to hang himself,
though the door to the backpack, right?
-I don't understand, Professor!
Why?!
-Exactly.
A few days ago, walking up the mountain,
I met a surveyor and I asked him
how he was examining that terrain.
Then, he confessed to me that they were planning...
to build a landfill for industrial waste.
What?
In MAYAMA he had accepted bribes to finance the election campaign in exchange for the landfill permits.
in exchange for the permits for the landfill.
He could not afford it.
He was willing to destroy
the natural and cultural patrimony of the town for his own benefit!
That is why he had to be prevented at all costs.
For the good of the people,
I had to become the Tengu and bring down the full weight of justice.
"I posed as a blackmailer and summoned him here today."
"I thought that if I didn't do it that way, he wouldn't come."
"I was surprised that there was no scaffolding,
but I didn't back down."
"It would have been easier to make it look
"That MAYAMA's body had crashed against the scaffolding,
but since I couldn't do that, I had to improvise."
"Thus, in Hirai saw that it fell at 10 o'clock,
just as I had predicted."
"I would take the opportunity to flee
while he went to the hostel to call the police."
"What I didn't know...
was that he would be accompanied by the great detective Kogoro Mouri."
Even if he hadn't come, he wouldn't have left,
because Mr. Imazu was outside.
Yes, that's true.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!

Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
Yes!
Ha-ha!
This is called a brilliant deduction work!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I think he's turning into a Tengu.
Well, if he doesn't stop pimping, he'll grow a nose.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
We've started to have breakfast, it doesn't take away your...
According to what they said on TV,
they arrested the author of the murder the day before yesterday.
(Drunk) What a beautiful girl!
Do you want... to pull up my trouser legs?
It's clear that it was you.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The Last Gift'."

