Good morning, Father.
We've started breakfast.
It doesn't take away...
According to what they said on TV,
they arrested the perpetrator of the murder the day before yesterday.
Which murder do you mean?
Oh, you mean the one in Tonkoro.
Mm?
This woman...
Eh?
Eh? (TV: woman)
(TV: woman) This is Tonkoro police station, where she is being questioned.
We will keep you informed about the case.
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splattered by crime
is filled with color with a brilliant deduction."
"The detective reacts unexpectedly
upon seeing a photo of an attractive female suspect."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The last gift."
Okay, Mouri, I'm listening.
What is this important thing you wanted to tell me?
First of all, I would be very grateful if you could tell me...
what the sequence of events was like.
Mm?
It all started on Saturday.
Early in the morning we found the body of Masaru Katsu,
who appears to have been murdered the day before in the evening.
"The body turned up in a park in Tonkoro."
"As the man was a professional blackmailer,
we thought one of his victims might have died."
"We had a list of suspects and started questioning them."
That's right...,
last night he came in Katsu and demanded more money.
I couldn't take it anymore.
Since we had a clear motive and she herself had confessed to the crime,
we proceeded to arrest her.
Are you absolutely sure about the time of death?
Katsu was killed on Friday around 8 p.m.?
That's the time the victim's watch stopped.
We think it's likely that his watch stopped when he was killed.
And the security cameras at Tonkoro Station recorded him
recorded him arriving in the lobby,
i.e., a quarter to five past 8:00 p.m.
If he met the murderer and killed him then....
Okay, but if the clock stopped at 8 o'clock,
and they say it matches the time of the crime,
I can tell you that she can't be the killer at all!
What?
How do you know?
What?!
I know because that day around 8 o'clock in the evening, I was in Beika.
(Drunk) Although it's 8 o'clock.
Good thing it's Friday... Another one and quite a lot!
Mm?
(Drunkenly) Eh?
What a pretty girl!
Oh! (Laughs)
Oops!
L-listen, what's gone wrong?
Ouch!
Oh...!
Mm?
Miss...?
Mm?
Mm?
So, it's totally impossible that she did it.
From Beika to the crime scene must be... an hour's drive,
if my calculations are correct, Inspector.
Mm.
Inspector...
Do you... want me to pull up my trouser legs?
It's to check something.
The left leg, please.
Mm.
It's clear it was you.
In fact, I was already sure, and you confirmed it with the abrasion.
You know what?
I saw Beika Friday evening at 8:00.
Mm?
Can you explain this to us, Miss Hirose?
-Mm.
-Well, I admit it's true.
Beika there is a restaurant that I like very much and I wanted to go.
But I fell on the floor, and since my leg was hurting,
I decided to go back home.
Why did you deceive us and confess that you had died in Katsu?
Because...
I thought that the murderer must be a person similar to me.
If I blackmailed you in Katsu, too,
I was willing to take the blame for the crime.
Mm-hm.
Ah...
Be that as it may, he now has an alibi.
But you must understand
that giving false testimony is obstruction of justice.
We'll let it slide this time.
We recognize that we may have been hasty in making the arrest.
I'm glad, then.
-You're welcome!
Thank you very much for your help.
He-he-he!
So you have dropped the charges
and had no choice but to let her go!
Ha-ha!
And it was thanks to me, her savior!
But there's something strange about this girl, and I don't know what it is.

Yes, why should she be saddled with a crime she didn't commit?
Mm...
What?
And now she has... a confirmed alibi.
She'd have motive, that's for sure.
He-he-he-he!
Maybe the time of the murder isn't what the police think it is.
The killer could have adjusted the time on the clock
without much complication after killing him.
Pff!
Miss Hirose had confessed that she was the murderer.
If she wanted to incriminate herself, she had no need to change the time.
I agree with this, but...
Ouch!
Hey, don't run so fast!
The girl is innocent and that's all there is to it.
There's something that doesn't quite fit.
I'll leave you to investigate how Miss Hirose...
was willing to confess her guilt.
Mm?
Mm?
Well, while you're at it, find out what relationship she might have with Beika,
because she didn't look like she was going out to dinner at any restaurant.
or having a good time, really.
The first thing is to find out why she came to Beika, right?
Don't strain yourself, Ran, she didn't tell the truth.
Just because he's not telling the truth doesn't mean he's guilty.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Takagi) I get it.
You want to prove Conan wrong.
Yes, and the best way to do that is to discover the real killer.
Accompany me, please.
Masaru Katsu's body was found here.
Here?
What a strange place...
I'm surprised they found the body in such a hidden place like this.
Something doesn't add up.
The police received a call from a woman who didn't identify herself.
What, did you feel it, kiddo?
I'd like to know what she came to do, this woman,
in such a secluded and lonely place.
And why do you think I should know, me?
Let's assume that the victim was killed at about 8:00 p.m.,
because that's the time the clock stopped ticking.
Yes.
That's right, isn't it?
So far we know from the cameras
that Katsu arrived at the station at about a quarter to five past 8.
And this fits perfectly with the approximate time of death,
which according to the autopsy results
was between 7 and 9 pm.
Between 7:00 and 9:00 at night.
So that means...
that if she had come speeding towards Tonkoro
after Beika had been seen at 8 o'clock,
she would have arrived around 9.
Ms. Hirose would have been able to commit the crime
and she would also have been able to set the clock
to make it look as if the murder had been committed at 8 o'clock.
If it were true, she would have prepared an alibi for that time.
She would not have trusted that someone would see her on the street by chance.
Maybe so, but...
Well, do you have any idea who the real killer might be?
At the moment we have nothing.
We know that Katsu bought two packs of cigarettes at the station.
But curiously, we only found one in his pocket.
Caram, he smoked a lot like that.
Anyway, it is not very useful information.
I recognize that it is difficult, but it is possible that she did it!
Stop it at once, man!
What are you saying?
Your man lives in Beika?
Not exactly.
In fact it's her ex-boyfriend.
His name is Atsuro Matsubayashi, and it seems he recently...
he announced his engagement
to the daughter of a senior manager of the company where he works.
So, you don't need to tell me any more.
I'm sure he stood her up.
Unfortunately, I haven't found any further connection to Beika, so far.
So it wouldn't be strange at all
that on Friday she had decided to go to see
for some reason we don't know.
Then he would be a witness.
And I could confirm Ms. Hirose's alibi...,
other than you, Kogoro.
Mm... what do you mean?
That he was her alibi?
To prepare an alibi, Ran.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
If she was going to see the ex-boyfriend, she'd have a good alibi.
And why didn't she say anything about her ex-boyfriend to the police?
That way she would have been spared the ordeal of arrest.
It's not clear to me.
You're absolutely right!
Oh!
I think I've figured it out.
I know why Miss Hirose has passed off as the assassin!
(Both) Mm?
Friday night,
Miss Hirose went to see Mr. Matsubayashi.
Most likely it was

to get rid of old memories and misunderstandings for good.
But he couldn't tell the police that he had gone.
Exactly, he couldn't confess.
Well, he couldn't tell them?
Well, I can see why...
Because if I told them, the police would ask Mr. Matsubayashi...
to confirm her version of the story.
And if she did, Mr. Matsubayashi's fiancé might know...
that his fiancé had acted in an inappropriate manner
and had let the ex-girlfriend in.
And then her fiancée might distrust Mr. Matsubayashi
and doubt him, even to the point of annulling the engagement.
Besides, she is the daughter of a senior manager of the company
where Mr. Matsubayashi works,
so her future father-in-law could get him fired.
Ms. Hirose had to decide to conceal the truth
because she didn't want any of this to happen to him.
And she took on a crime she had not committed
because she wanted to protect Mr. Matsubayashi's happiness!
I don't understand why, if he left her for another woman.
It doesn't matter, that.
Miss Hirose is still in love with Mr. Matsubayashi.
She confessed that she was the murderer
because she's a woman... so extremely generous...
that she wanted to give her love one last gift!
He-he-he-he!
Very interesting.
Maybe so, but I'm not sure.
On the one hand, we have the theory...
that he tried to use his ex to prepare an alibi,
and on the other, the Ran's theory, that she thinks she still loves him.
We'd better go see... this Matsubayashi end
and find out which of the two is right.
What?
You're asking me if the Junko came here?
Yes, Friday night.
Evidently she didn't come!
We let it go a long time ago.
Don't bother me anymore.
And don't come back!
But Mr. Matsubayashi...
Mm-hm...
Ah...
Mm...
From your reaction, I have no doubt...
that Miss Hirose went to see him.
Although we've seen that he's a brusque and ill-mannered man,
it doesn't confirm any of her theories.
You're right, I can't imagine Miss Hirose...
letting herself be convicted of a crime she didn't commit... by a man like that.
Besides, I doubt very much that Mr. Matsubayashi...
would agree to confirm the alibi even if she asked him to.
She couldn't trust him at all to prepare an alibi.
I guess I'll have to accept
that I was wrong to suspect Miss Hirose.
Ujo!
Yes, you finally admit it!
Mm?
Eh?
Mm?
Mm?
Ha!
Surely this guy must be some kind of selfish gold digger.
But still Miss Hirose loved and trusted him.
Huh?
And in return he broke her heart.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wait a minute! It could also be that..."
Mm?
Can I ask you a question?
When you said that you had an alibi for her,
how would you say she reacted, Miss Hirose?
Well, at first... she seemed surprised;
then worried, then thoughtful,
and finally, pleased.
Not at all, just to know.
Why are you asking me this?
(Shinichi, thinks) "If it was as I think,
there must be some trace."
Mm?
Excuse me!
Good afternoon.
Who's moving to a new apartment, Miss Hirose?
Yes, but don't say it.
With all the terrible things that have happened to her...
and the police suspecting her...
Oh, really?
Poor woman.
What's waste, this?
Don't worry, I'll throw them away.
Thank you very much, you're very kind!
As it was Friday night,
surely they haven't been taken away and it should be there.
I've already found it!
Here I am.
I don't know what else they want from me now.
I don't know what the point of all this is.
How come they made me come here?
Actually, we don't have a clue either.
Hello!
I'm here.
What's this all about, Mouri?
Why did you make us come here?
What's that?
I came here because you asked me to, inspector.
Mr. Mouri, we've analyzed what you gave us at Conan...
and it confirms your hypothesis.
Would you mind explaining to me what it all means?
What the hell is this?
I don't know what you're talking about...
Ah!
Oh...!
Oh, oh...!

(Kogoro voice) I couldn't stand it even one more day, could I, Miss Hirose?
(Kogoro voice) What?
(Kogoro voice) I don't know what he knew about you, Masaru Katsu,
but the fact is that he kept blackmailing her.
Also, your ex-boyfriend, Mr. Matsubayashi,
seduced a manager's daughter and will marry for money.
What do you mean?
And what should you make of this?
And when Masaru Katsu asked her for money again,
as he had been doing for quite some time,
then he wanted to eliminate the blackmailer from his life
definitely and forever.
It is impossible not to pay the consequences of a murder.
But she was determined to see it through.
She could also use the murder for something else,
and for that she needed to be discovered.
-But, Mr. Mouri, are you sure!
-That's why she decided to do it.
You said it yourself, that he was innocent!
I remind you that it was you who gave me an alibi.
That day, just after 7 pm,
you went to see Mr. Matsubayashi at his house, to Beika.
Why did you come here?
What do you want now?
You're about to get married, aren't you?
You have to remove any trace of me that might be left in the house.
W-wait a minute!
What are you doing?!
You came into Mr. Matsubayashi's house
with a random excuse.
And at the same time, Masaru Katsu arrived at Tonkoro,
because you had told him to go.
So, he left Mr. Matsubayashi's house at 8 o'clock...
and went running to Tonkoro.
And just then I saw her by chance.
"At Masaru I was waiting for her
and you made him go to the scene of the crime."
"And you killed him at about 9 o'clock."
He put the clock back to 8 o'clock
and gave it a punch to mess it up.
The next morning, you made an anonymous call to the police...
and told them where they would find the body.
He then confessed his crime to Inspector Takagi,
and everything went as he had planned.
That's right..,
last night he came in Katsu and demanded more money from me.
I couldn't take it anymore.
If, as a suspect, she had denied that she had committed the crime,
they might have suspected her of tampering with the watch.
But since you confessed to the crime, no one doubted you.
You are absolutely right.
But if you had already decided to confess your guilt,
why did you bother to prepare an alibi?
-Mm?
-Mr. Matsubayashi...
You must have known from the news
that Miss Hirose had been arrested on suspicion of murder.
And you must have also felt
that the crime had been committed on Friday at about 8:00 p.m.
You, who were the only one who could testify...
and confirm Miss Hirose's alibi..,
chose not to say anything to the police.
Man... in fact, I was about to do so.
-(Hirose) Oh!
- (Hirose) Liar!
You're so petty that for nothing in the world would you be able to
to let go of the golden goose you've been able to catch!
The second purpose of ending the life of Masaru Katsu
was to make Matsubayashi feel guilty
for not having dared to save an innocent
from a false accusation of murder.
In addition, Miss Hirose had no prior record....
and, with the mitigating factor of motive,
she would not have spent many years in prison.
And when she got out...
(Hirose) How could you leave me in the lurch, knowing I was innocent?
How could you keep quiet without saying anything?
(Woman) Hey, King, who is this woman?
What do you mean, you kept quiet without saying anything?
He delayed the clock to make it look like
that the murder had taken place at 8 o'clock that Friday evening,
and thus make Mr. Matsubayashi feel guilty.
It was her last gift to the man who had abandoned her.
A gift filled with hatred.
But she didn't count on me seeing her.
At first she was surprised,
then she thought about how she should react to my witness,
and finally she decided to accept it and be happy.
She hadn't been able to take revenge on Matsubayashi....,
but at least she was free from suspicion of murder.
This is all supposition.
It's been years since I've seen Katsu and they can't prove otherwise.
We'll see: Friday night,
in Katsu came to Tonkoro to a quarter and five of 8.

Where could she have gone from then until he killed at 9?
Since she wanted everyone to think she had been killed at 8,
she couldn't let anyone see it or it would spoil the plan.
And the safest way she could find...
was to hide it at home.
(Thinks) "It's late."
Show the evidence, Takagi.
Inside this plastic baggie were 10 cigarette butts...
and a pack of tobacco with 10 brand-new cigarettes inside.
We found Katsu's fingerprints everywhere.
And in this bag we also found fingerprints
corresponding to Miss Hirose.
That is, en Katsu waited for you at home until you came back.
So, you see I was able to kill him.
And I wanted to take advantage of the murder
to take revenge on the man... who had betrayed me,
even though I loved him and trusted him completely.
And it didn't do any good.
All right, Miss Hirose, you have to come to the police station.
What an imbecile!
(Kogoro voice) I wouldn't make fun, Mr. Matsubayashi.
When the details of the murder
that Miss Hirose committed,
what do you think they will think of you, your fiancée and your future father-in-law?
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
(TV: female) The suspect Junko Hirose
has been arrested again and confessed to being...
You were proven right.
(TV: pip)
It was a matter of luck.
Well done, Conan.
(TV: pip) Exactly!
You guessed the truth by chance!
It has nothing to do with my brilliant deduction skills!
Now that's real merit!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi, thinking) "How strong! He's hopeless, this man..."
-Oops...
-Does he need medical attention?
Na... Naohiro?
But..., where did you find him, this note?
Where was it?
It was the restroom.
It was in one of Mr. Tsutsumi's jacket pockets.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'The bus stop in the rain'."

