What spectacular scenery.
-And the weather is fantastic.
-We're very proud here.
Yes... You couldn't have picked a better day to come.
Too bad you came, Conan.
Otherwise, today would be a perfect day.
In fact, I came because Ran asked me to.
She wants me to keep an eye on him, in case he suddenly makes one.
(Kogoro) This is absurd.
If I've come all this way
it's only because I want Kei to show me around.
Is that so?
Are you sure?
Give me that, kid!
Hey, when did you steal it from me?
I didn't take it, it fell on the floor.
What does that mean, "passionate conversation"?
Shut up, nano!
There's a heart drawn on it.
-Ha-ha-ha!
That's funny.
-I don't know what you're talking about, now... -I don't know what you're talking about, now...
Well, I'm so glad to see that you're already more cheerful.
Well, it's thanks to you.
For once in your life, you've been able to help someone.
For once, you say?
You should be happy, shouldn't you?
Ha!
What an ass!
Echo, the traffic light has turned green.
(They laugh)
Oh, yes, yes.
Let's go, let's go.
"A black cloth splattered by crime
fills with color with brilliant deduction."
"Today it was my turn to play the candle."
"Where will it lead us, this carefree conversation?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"A car ride with an unexpected twist."
So, it happened 6 months ago, right?
Yeah, I had to cut to the chase and someone told me about this case.
"It turns out that they found hanging in her own bedroom
a young woman named Remi Kirisaki."
The girl came to live here not even 3 months ago.
And, during all this time,
I always heard her say she wanted to die, she kept repeating it."
We were neighbors, and she said it to me many times too.
So, from the testimonies of the landlady and Kei,
"...and from a note left by the woman,
it was clear that it was a suicide."
"Moreover, the signature on the note matched...
with the one on the lease of the apartment."
But the Kei told me
that she felt responsible for her neighbor's death.
It's my fault.
I couldn't stop him from committing suicide.
He should have helped more.
You don't need to torture yourself.
It's not your fault.
But I...
The final decision to kill herself was hers.
You had nothing to do with it, okay?
Those words of Mr. Mouri were very important, for me.
That's why I sent him a letter of thanks.
(Kei) "I would like to inform you that I am currently
I am working in a hotel that my uncle has opened.
It is in a magnificent setting, with mountains and beaches.
If you never come to the area, I hope you will come and see."
And you, with the whole bar, have come to take advantage of it.
With the whole bar...?
Wow.
That's strange.
There was no traffic at all.
If you don't mind, I'd like to ask you a question, Kei.
Why did you think it was so bad when she committed suicide, Remi?
You're right, but...
You and she were just neighbors, weren't you?
You were also very good friends.
It's quite obvious.
How could she know, that we were friends?
So that a week after we saw each other,
I was in the area and I stopped by your apartment.
I just wanted to see how you were doing.
But I couldn't find you, and they told me you had moved out.
I was planning to leave before the suicide.
Yes, I know that.
The landlady told me.
And she also told me all about the fire.
What fire?
Ah, now I understand.
According to what I was told, there was a small fire near the apartment.
It's on fire!
There's a fire!
Get out!
Tell me.
Where is it, the fire?
(Kogoro) "The landlady was very surprised."

when the Kei saw the Remi's apartment.
Yes.
I went to see her, but she told me she had to leave,
and she left.
And you had no choice but to stay and watch the apartment.
That's why I assumed that you really trusted each other.
Of course, this only happens between good friends.
That's why you thought it was so bad when he killed himself, right?
Watch where you're going, you idiot!
What's the matter, you want a war?
Well, watch out!
"What's the matter... Even children don't do that."
One question, Kei;
you say that Remi always said she wanted to die,
but do you know if she had any mishaps?
I asked her, but she never told me.
The day after the news of the suicide appeared in the newspapers, a man visited the flat,
a man visited the apartment.
-Of course!
-Are you sure it was her?
So this time she had hidden herself here,
that lying and shameless liar!
For me, it is quite clear:
she committed suicide because she had had enough of running away from the debt collectors.
Of course, now I understand.
Fortunately, you made me see what the truth was.
"I don't see it so clearly. Only the owner's version counts."
Mmm... And although I know more.
Apparently, a couple of years ago...
she had a habit of using fake names everywhere.
Mayuko Hayashi, Miyuki Wada, Kaori Inuyama...
She kept changing her name.
He said he couldn't pay his debts,
but she spent all day playing pachinko all day long!
You say she used fake names?
Then why did he use his real name...
to rent that apartment?
And another thing, Kogoro.
I really have no idea.
That the debt collector treated her like she was a stuck-up woman..,
it doesn't fit with Kei and the landlady's description at all.
It's like she was a completely different person.
It was the Remi Kirisaki.
We are absolutely sure of that.
The police notified the relatives,
who identified her and took her body home.
Ha-ha!
That's what she looked like.
And that's all there is to it.
-What are you saying?
He's a cheeky little boy.
-What an interesting kid.
What an interesting kid.
What's the matter?
Is there a police check?
Hello, good morning.
Sorry for the inconvenience, please.
But there's been a robbery in town.
Eh?
The suspect has an athletic build and a mustache...
And they say he fled in a white car!
"There's a match from head to toe."
Won't he get out of the car without resisting?
- (mobile)
-Hey, wait a minute, I don't...
Hello?
That the suspect has left the car?
That you don't see him?
You've messed up, this is the great detective Kogoro Mouri!
What?
That famous detective?
I'm... I'm so sorry!
This time you've run away.
What, I've run away, you insolent little boy?!
They make a good couple.
I think we'll have to wait.
I'll try to get caught first.
The owner is a friend of the family.
No need, we can go eat somewhere else.
It's the biker!
We're on two!
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
-Hey?
-Hey, you!
Eh?
Eh?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
You've only come to do this?
(Moto: walks away)
Well, you must be looking forward to it.
Ha-ha!
God-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, what a trip.
Ay, ay!
They've taken her for a delinquent, and now she's clouding over.
That's because we've been talking about that apartment.
She's got very bad luck.
It's a cursed place.
Why do you say the apartment is cursed?
Normally, people usually rent the apartments...
through a real estate agency.
But Remi Kirisaki went directly
to talk to the landlady herself,
and asked her if there were any vacancies.
I'm convinced that some force drove her there.
"If you want to commit suicide, this is the place for you."
It must have been a coincidence.
Did you know that Kei was also a victim?
She finally came back here just 6 months ago.
Originally, she had planned to return 3 months earlier,
but unfortunately she couldn't.
"Because, just before he moved..."
(Kei) My uncle has had to postpone
the opening of the hotel until three months from now.
So, he won't have a job, if he goes back now?
No problem at all.
He can stay here during this time.
Oh, by the way, there's a girl arriving tomorrow who will live in the apartment next door.

Really?
Well, I hope she's nice.
Right after the Kei delayed the transfer,
Remi Kirisaki arrived and after 3 months she committed suicide.
In other words, if everything had gone as planned...
Kei would have been spared the tragedy
the tragedy of her neighbor's suicide.
That apartment held Kei back.
It did not let her go
and forced her to live a traumatic experience.
-What?
We were just making her overflow.
-What was she talking about me?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
So, what did they tell you?
It's all arranged.
I said that I was going with some friends from Tokyo... that I appreciate very much...
That you appreciate very much...?
Thank you, everything was very good.
Wow, how well I've eaten!
Look, Mr. Mouri.
If it's all right with you, I'd like to bring you here.
To an amusement park?
What an illusion!
I especially recommend this attraction.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Well, I'm going to get some tea.
I'll be right back.
Who's the big shot who has put an amusement park in the middle of nature?
I think I'm going to have a better time than I thought.
Here's the hotel where Kei works.
"But you said earlier that... What's going on here?"
How can it be?
It was sunny a moment ago...
(Kogoro) Don't worry, it's just an end of cloud.
(Kei) I hope that's all it is.
(Kei) I was right.
It's cleared up now.
After raining, though it's prettier, the scenery.
I wish it had not stopped raining, the truth.
Can you give me a description of the Remi Kirisaki?
Are you still at it, nano?
She was a stuck-up girl, at least that's what that debt collector said.
I just want to know what she was like physically.
She had very long hair and a perm.
No, she didn't.
Did she wear glasses?
No, on the contrary, she was very thin.
And was she fat?
No, more or less like me.
Thinner than you?
And in terms of height?
Was she taller than you, or shorter?
I would say we were more or less the same.
Why do you ask me that?
That's just it.
Why are you so curious all of a sudden?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Well, here we are at last, Mr. Mouri.
Wow, it's huge!
"Now it's clear to me. The story of that suicide..."
How can he have so much bar, that little boy...?
He took it.
Hey, Kei, what I don't know is if you have a boyfriend...
Actually, I did.
But he died three years ago.
The poor guy had... a health problem.
In Tokyo, everything reminded me of my boyfriend.
That's why I finally decided... to come back here.
"At last we're alone, she and I."
I'm not very happy to have left Conan alone, you know?
We had no choice.
The boat has two seats.
What fun!
What fun!
Ah!
Oh!
Gee, what went wrong?
Ah... What do you say.
And now!
Well, maybe a little bit of nothing...
"But, if so, what reason would I have?"
Now let's go to the place I recommend the most.
The cliff of Shikabane Zaki.
How nice!
It's about time.
"We have to end the day sitting by the sea..."
"This is that he must have had some compelling reason to do so."
-I guess he's right.
-Ah, maybe they've caught the mugger.
Sorry for the misunderstanding earlier.
We've already found her.
But listen, didn't you tell me you were wearing a mustache, the suspect?
I put on a false mustache, to throw you off the scent.
-Bah!
-It's not funny!
"Athletic build."
No matter how much you disguise yourself,
physical constitution is something that's hard to disguise.
-But... Why do you say that?
-It's true.
Come on, let's go to Shikabane Zaki.
Let's go, let's go!
This landscape invites to serenity...
Yes.
Here you can't have impure thoughts.
Thank you very much for this magnificent day.
And now, thanks to you.
"Gee, I seem to be running out of time..."
"Shut up, he has to drive. I can't..."
Don't do it to me, please.
Au, we're going to Tokyo.
Can't you see I can't leave?
There are so many riddles to solve that they wouldn't let me live.
-What riddles do you mean? -Hm?
-Hm?
It turns out that Remi Kirisaki
decided to move in next door right after you...
decided to stay for 3 more months, instead of coming back.

We also know that he did not find the apartment through a real estate agency,
but that he made the deals with the owner.
If he had been using false names for two years, why did he use the real one this time?
why did he use the real one this time?
"Analyzing the signature he left on the rental contract, they concluded that it was the same handwriting as the real one,
they concluded that it was the same handwriting as the suicide note."
Yeah, we know, all this.
So what?
And, as the relatives confirmed the identity of the corpse,
there is no doubt that it was Remi Kirisaki who died.
But I think the descriptions don't quite add up.
We know that the landlady found the Kei in the Remi's apartment,
when that famous fire broke out.
This means that she had access,
and that she went in and out whenever she wanted.
And, apart from the glasses and the hair,
they both had a similar physique, as she said.
So what's this all about?
Where are you going with this?
I'm sorry, Conan.
I don't see any enigma.
Well, I do, I see one, Kei.
It doesn't make sense to me that you decided to delay the transfer
and stay 3 more months in the apartment.
You're a pain in the ass!
He stayed because the guy delayed the opening of the hotel.
What?
Are you sure?
It's an article about Kei's uncle.
He says that he had planned to open the hotel 10 years ago...
on the day of their 25th wedding anniversary,
and after a few hiccups, he made it.
Well, if this is true, the opening... was not delayed.
Exactly.
And this means that if the Kei decided to stay three months longer,
it would be for some other reason that she hasn't told us.
Don't you agree?
Then we can imagine what she was supposed to do, during those 3 months.
How can that be?
It doesn't take much imagination.
Of course... Well looked at, now it all fits together...
(Woman) Yes, yes?
Yes, until there was that fire in the building,
I had no idea,
that Miss Nakanishi and Miss Kirisaki were friends.
To be more exact, I had never seen them together.
Actually, I don't think even once.
It's true.
The woman who appeared in the next apartment was Remi Kirisaki,
we know that for sure.
It's true that everyone knew she had died there.
But now we have also found out that she never lived, in that apartment.
You have found me out.
I congratulate you.
Hey, how is it that you had the cold blood to commit such a crime?
It happened 3 years earlier.
At that time, I was dating a guy.
His name was Natsuyuki Ogawa.
One day, I went to see his apartment and found him on the floor.
I called for an ambulance right away, but nothing.
"The ambulance couldn't get there because of a badly parked car."
"The paramedics had to go a long way on foot."
Where are you, Kei...?
Are you here...?
Talk to me...
I'm here, king.
Be calm.
Soc by your side.
(Kei) "But before we got to the hospital, he died."
"Then I was told that, even if the ambulance had arrived earlier,
he wouldn't have been saved."
"But I was convinced
that that badly parked car was to blame."
They're a mess, girl.
You know what?
They didn't pick up my phone.
"I couldn't help but say
something to the driver of the car."
And she said back...
Look, girl, if he died,
it's because his time had come and it wasn't his turn to live anymore.
Leave me alone, you idiot!
And that woman was Remi Kirisaki, wasn't she?
She had the bar to make fun of your boyfriend and you,
who had just lost him.
And, after 3 years, one day, you met her by chance.
It was 3 days before I was supposed to leave my apartment.
Remi was using a false name
because she was involved in shady business.
She was an undesirable, one of those people you can't trust.
And you couldn't leave Tokyo with a score to settle.
Because you had to avenge your boyfriend's death.
Yes.
I guess you must have thought
that the best way to murder someone without arousing suspicion
was to make it look like a suicide.
That's where you're going to extend your stay,
when you were already planning to leave,
"...and you passed yourself off as Remi Kirisaki."
Eh?
Excuse me, is this apartment available?
(Kogoro) "You're going to rent the apartment next to you."

Oh, by the way, tomorrow a girl arrives who will live next door.
Really?
Well, I hope she's nice.
"You're going to play two roles:
you, the Kei Nakanishi, and the Remi Kirisaki."
I've had enough of living.
Aw, don't say such things, Miss Kirisaki.
"You dropped clues so that everyone would think it was a suicide."
And besides, on the day of the fire, you were in Remi's apartment.
It's on fire!
There's a fire!
Come out!
-Eh?
-Tell me, where is it, the fire?
And when she saw you, you had already taken off your disguise...
because you were planning to go back to your apartment.
After spending three months planning everything,
you finally went to see Remi Kirisaki.
I know you're using a fake name, but your name is Remi Kirisaki, right?
-I'd like to... talk to you for a moment.
-Hey, where did you come from?
(Kogoro) "You made up some excuse
to make her go to the apartment next door to you."
"You're going to make it look like a suicide and you left a note."
You're probably going to contact the landlady
and told her that she could go and empty the Remi's apartment
because she had decided to leave.
That's how it all went.
Can you take me to the police, Mr. Mouri?
I think it's time.
Of course it is.
Looks like the sun has already set.
All the way down.
We've seen enough of it for today, but tomorrow it'll come out again, as usual.
-Oh...
-Sure enough.
Aa genjitsu wa col TSURAI koto Bakari
Dakara Tsui Yappari guchi de chau yo from him.
Saa Ashita wa shuumatsu Kyou norikire
tonikaku ima wa Yaru shika nai.
Itsuki koko kara Sekai y habataku hay ga
yume mito bakkari datte iwaretari.
Sagashiteta koi mo risou to chigau shi
aa gakkari na Mainichi dakedo.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-W-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
S-A-W-A-A-G-E Life!
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Sunday morning kanashimu koto wa nai.
SAWAGE LIFE Saturday night!
Omoikkiri hachamecha ni Ashita wa nichiyoubi!
What?
Hey, hey, hey!
Stop, that's my car!
Hey, hey, hey, I've brought a suspect!
It's no good!
EEEE!
Wait, wait!
Wait, wait!
Don't take him away!
Even though I helped the police, look how they treat me!
Hey!
He-he-he-he... I knew it couldn't end well either way.
(Ayumi) Gee, that's great!
So what, doctor?
What news did you have to give us?
Yes, he said he had a surprise for us.
I thought I'd use the 10,000 yen from this voucher I've won
to give you each a Christmas present.
(Man: terrified scream)
Caram.
What was it, this horrible scream?
It was coming from the stairs!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The contradictions of the Junior Detective League (part one)."

