-Ah...
- (all) What?
Vouchers for a meal?
What's it like?
Have you won a raffle again?
-He's always so lucky, at raffles!
-Bufa!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
That's why I thought of taking him to a very good restaurant
that's at the top of the Beika Department Store.
- (all) How nice!
-Today we're going to have a great meal.
And although I haven't told you everything!
Then I have another very good news for you.
-What is it?
-What is it?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
-Yes, tell us the!
For the moment it's still a secret.
- (Genta) Don't be unfriendly!
- (Mitsuhiko) Au va...
(Shinichi, thinks) "If Masumi is the Akai's little sister,
why did she come back from America like this?"
"Has she really come to confirm that in Shuichi Akai is dead?"
"That's why she befriended me, because I have contact with the FBI?"
"If so, you would keep a closer eye on me."
"No, no..., it must have something to do....
with the girl you're hiding in the hotel, whose name is probably Mary."
"She looks a lot like the Masumi and describes herself
as 'the little sister outside'."
"No, more than Masumi, she looks like..."
(Conan voice) Aaa... yes.
What, boy, did we come down to Earth?
Gee, how come you make so many glasses?
Didn't you sleep well?
No, before going to sleep, I saw a cockroach,
and until 4:00 a.m. I couldn't get rid of it.
Yes.
Really? really?
But the doctor went to sleep so peacefully, he...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Eh?
Ahm... yes...
Uh, what were you thinking about before?
Well, I was thinking about how it should be, a meal at an upscale restaurant.
Eh?
Oh yeah?
No worries, huh?
(All) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Shinichi voice) Sorry.
(Shinichi voice) "A black cloth splashed by crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"There are many things to think about."
"But let's start with food, where an incident takes place!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The contradictions of the Junior Detective League (Part One)."
("Jingle Bells")
Wow, that's fantastic!
Here the department store is like it's already Christmas!
How exciting, I love it!
-Renoi!
-Handing out balloons to the kids!
-Huh?
Look, a Santa Claus!
-Yes!
-Let's go get one, go!
-(both) Thank you!
- (both) Merry Christmas!
-Hey, guys!
-Thanks a lot, Santa Claus!
The elevator's that way.
Come on, let's go!
(Shinichi, thinking) "I know it's not long before Christmas,
but, gee, what a crowd!"
Oh!
Oh, look!
Look what they're doing over there!
-Yes...
-You can sit there and they do your make-up!
They do a demonstration of the products they sell.
Wow, this new mascara is really good!
-Yes, you're right!
-Perfect for a Christmas date.
How cool!
-It's the mascara...
Hey, girls, Dr. Agasa is calling you.
Besides, I'm too small for this kind of thing!
(Ai) What?
How can't he?
What do you mean, we're not customers like the others, or what?
Oh... no, but if they came with the mother....
Oh... Hey, girls!
Never mind, make-up-a little bit and meanwhile your mother will arrive.
-Oh...
-Yes, all right.
-Okay! -Okay!
-Please, sit down here. -Oh...
-Do I look very different?
-Hey, what do you think?
Eh?!
Well... yes.
-very pretty!
-Are you...
(Shinichi, thinks) "Yes, it has a different feel to it."
Uh, excuse me... Where's your mother?
Where's your mother?
She died.
She died right after I was born.
Eh ?!
-Yes!
-Come on, Ayumi, we can go eat now!
Wait, wait, wait!
Consider going to the restaurant made up like this?

Hey!
Oh..., oh!
-Mm...
-In the end they didn't buy anything!
(Genta) Oh, how we ate!
-The portions were quite generous.
-I've had enough!
-Mm.
-You can tell.
We shared three adult meals among six of us.
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he-he! They've finally taken off their makeup."
So what, doctor?
What news did you have to tell us?
Yes, he said he had a surprise for us.
-Ehem!
-Yes, what is it?
Well, in addition to the food vouchers, the raffle also won...
a gift voucher for this department store.
-Oh...!
-Are you serious?
Oh, my goodness!
And since it's so close to Christmas,
I thought I'd use the 10,000 yen from this voucher I've won
to give you each a Christmas present.
(Conan voice) They're over there.
Eh?!
But where have they gone?
You know what?
I've always wanted one of these big telescopes!
Well, I want a baseball bat and a baseball glove!
I want a big stuffed animal!
Hey, listen... the voucher is only 10,000 yen...!
I think I'll go take a look
at the new Fusae brand bags.
Oh... Wow, you too, Ai?
-Are you the chef of the restaurant?
-Have you asked for me, gentlemen?
Yes, I have.
Exactly, I'm the restaurant's head chef, sir.
Has there been a problem with the food?
No, it's just that my husband insists...
that the secret ingredient in this soup is miso.
Yes, I put "Hatcho miso".
I'm very surprised he noticed.
You see?
You didn't believe me, but I was right.
-Chef...
-Goodness, you're making me look good! -You're making me look good!
You have another call from that complaining customer.
Ah..., the one with the strange voice?
He says it's here, in the department store,
that he's come to see you and talk to you in person.
What's here?
I don't want him to come to the restaurant to make a fuss!
Have him wait for me on the stairs at the side of the restaurant here for half an hour.
Aha, understood.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Ah..."
(Agasa) I'd better go get the kids.
You wait here.
(Shinichi's voice) It seems to me that there won't be any.
They've sent me messages
saying that they have already found what they want me to buy for them and that they are waiting for you.
Also, they have sent me pictures and everything.
Let's see..., at Genta it's the seventh floor, in the sports section.
At Mitsuhiko it's the fifth floor, where the cameras are.
The Ayumi is on the fourth floor, in the toy section.
And the Ai is on the second floor,
where the branded handbags and travel bags are.
Oh!
Everyone has chosen the gift they want me to buy them.
Mm...
Eh?
What's wrong, Shinichi?
Nothing, I just thought that the 30 minutes are up...
-Hey!
- (man) Aaaah!
Gee, what was it, this horrible scream?
It was coming from the stairs!
(men and women) Hey!
(men and women) Oh!
(men and women) Watch out!
(Conan's voice) Please, let me through!
I'd say that's the chef from the restaurant where we just ate!
Oh, oh...!
Does it hurt a lot?
Hang in there.
He's gone... down... the stairs!
Doctor, get an ambulance and call the police!
All right. [Groans]
Hey, heads up, guys.
Can you hear me?
A person was just stabbed on the tenth floor.
The assailant fled downstairs!
Anyone near the stairs,
see if there's anyone coming down the stairs.
Oh, go to the front desk, explain the situation...
and ask them to stop the people going down the stairs and ask them to stop the people going down the stairs!
The rest, look for the aggressor!
(Transmitter) "Okay!"
Take a good look at your features.
Think... he just tried to kill a person!
Above all, don't let him notice that you identify him!
(All) "Okay!"
Don't try to do anything, okay?
Following Conan's instructions, they stopped these three people.
All three were trying to run out of the department store.
They got all sweaty.
Do you know why they were running?
Because I needed to go to the bathroom!
The toilets on all floors were occupied,
so I decided to go to a store nearby,
to use their washroom!
And you, madam?
Well, it turns out that I lost my wallet.
I thought I must have left it
in one of the sections where I've been shopping,
that's why I was running.

And... did you manage to find it, in the end?
Did you?
Yes.
I looked for it again and I had it in the bag.
And why were you running?
Well, look, because I went to eat at the Thai restaurant.
Soc chef and I came to try a recipe they make.
And the sautéed vegetables I ate were so spicy that they made me sweat a lot.
that they made me sweat a lot,
and I wanted to run back home again to take a shower.
Ah...
That's why I was in a hurry.
Apparently, all three of them had some reason to run.
You're right.
But now we'll hear the testimonies of the children who saw the assailant.
Here they are.
They didn't get to see his face,
but they remember his features, right?
-I saw it very well!
-So much so.
-He wasn't very tall.
-No problem!
And I remember that he wore a white number two on his clothes, which was gray.
A gray... like the one on the jacket that Ay is wearing.
-Huh?
-What are you saying?
No, it's not true.
He was quite tall, and the clothes he was wearing were dark gray.
- (both) Eh?
-And he ran more like a man.
He wasn't tall, man.
What are you talking about?
Maybe you thought you were shorter than me, Mitsuhiko.
No, I'm quite sure of what I saw!
He was a tall, strong man.
But to me... it looked like a woman.
And the clothes she was wearing were light gray, almost white.
She had a normal height, a little taller than the doctor.
- (both) Eh ?!
-Ah...
We have a problem.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow..."
-He sure was tall!
-I said he wasn't tall.
(Shinichi, thinks) "The three descriptions are very different!"
He was rather short and wore gray-colored clothes.
No, you're wrong: he was tall and wearing dark gray clothes!
No, it was a woman and she was wearing light gray clothes!
(Takagi) Guys, let's try to summarize a little bit what he has been saying.
The characteristics of the assailant who fled down the staircase
after stabbing Mr. Hosogoe
at the restoration area on the tenth floor are as follows:
Genta, who was on the seventh floor at the time,
says that he was a man and that he was not very tall in stature,
and that he was dressed in the same shade of gray as Ay's jacket.
That's right!
By Mitsuhiko, who was on the fifth floor,
was a rather tall person, who ran like a man,
and the clothes he was wearing were dark gray.
That's right!
And by the Ayumi, who was on the fourth floor,
it was a person a little taller than Dr. Agasa,
who looked like a woman and was wearing very light gray clothes, right?
Yes!
It turns out that these three people
who were trying to run out of the department store,
all three of them are dressed in gray.
Yes..., although they are three different shades of gray.
And the one who is wearing a color of gray similar to Ai is Mr. Kamaya.
What do you mean by that?
I was looking for a washroom so that everyone was busy, I told you!
Yes you have.
He has hurt the fingers of his right hand.
What happened to him?
I-it's that... in my haste,
I crushed two of my fingers on the toilet door.
There are three versions here.
The other two boys said that the gray was lighter or darker.
And the greasy little boy said
that he was wearing a white number two on his clothes,
but my sweater...
Look, there are only Japanese characters.
Yes, you're right.
The Ayumi said he was wearing light gray clothes, which would be...
Hey!
No, wait a minute!
I told you before!
I was looking for the wallet,
that's why I ran into the sections where I had bought it!
Yes, but you found the wallet inside your bag, didn't you?
Then why did you run out, if you had already found it?
Ahem, ahem!
I was running because I remembered that last night they were doing a rerun
of a TV show and he wanted to watch it!
-Is it cold?
-Ahem, ahem!
Ahem!
Yes.
She was already much better, but...
Ahem, ahem!
I've been sweating from running so much, I seem to have cooled down again.
Ah...
Ahem, ahem!
You are also not wearing any clothing with the number two in white.
The needle on your chest might look like a number,
but it would be... more like a six, not a two.
The only thing we have left is Mr. Miyadai.

In Mitsuhiko said that the assailant was wearing dark gray clothing.
Hey, hey!
I, having eaten a spicy dish and sweated a lot, wanted to go home as soon as possible so I could take a shower,
I wanted to get home as soon as possible so I could shower,
and that's why I was running out of the department store!
I had been told that the soup at this Thai restaurant
was the same as the one we serve at my restaurant
and I wanted to try it just for...
Yes...
So you came here to complain.
Well..., I wanted to, but it tasted very different,
so I left without saying anything.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
One last question.
Behind your jacket does it say anything?
Aaa... yes, look for yourself, but it's not a two.
"Tokyo Spirits," I see.
He's been moving that foot for a while.
What's wrong with it?
I have foot fungus, foot fungus!
That's why I want to go home right away, to put some ointment on it.
We should try to understand why he thought it was a woman, Ayumi.
-Because...
-Why did you think that?
I don't know... I had the feeling that it was a woman.
"The... feeling"?
"The..."?
Inspector Megure!
We've discovered that the victim is related to the three suspects.
What?
It turns out that until two years ago
Mr. Kamaya worked part-time
at the restaurant where the victim works as a chef.
But his attitude was so bad that he was fired.
Mrs. Shikama lives in the same building as the victim,
on the next floor.
From the looks of it they often argue over the noise of Mrs. Shikama's dog.
And as for the third one, Mr. Miyadai,
three years ago he made a fuss
because he said the victim was copying his recipes,
and the local police had to intervene.
Understood.
It seems to me, then, that I will have to ask you three...
I'll have to ask you a few more questions to solve the case.
Aaa... but I think you left one thing out:
could I ask you if you're wearing gloves?
Mm-hm.
Are they wearing gloves?
They said that the knife that injured Mr. Hosogoe
had no fingerprints on it, right?
That means the assailant was probably wearing gloves,
and maybe he got blood on them.
Although if it had happened to me, I would have thrown them away.
-Well, I would have.
-Let's see, are they wearing gloves?
-It's pretty cold.
-Just in case.
Mm... And I see none of these gloves have bloodstains on them.
According to the coroner's report, the victim's wound bled...
because he tried to pull the knife out on his own,
so it's unlikely that the assailant would have stained it with blood.
Yes, that's logical.
And... how is the victim?
The operation seems to have gone well,
but he hasn't regained consciousness yet.
Mm...
Anyway, I want to talk to the three of you in private...
and explain everything to me.
-No, no!
-Come on, let's go!
We'll take it from here to the police.
(All) What?!
(Genta) Geez, it can't be!
(Genta) I do not understand.
Why can't we see how they interrogate them?
Your eyewitnesses are so unreliable that they are useless.
-I've seen what I've seen!
-I'm not unreliable!
Calm down, calm down...
I do not tell lies!
Let's see, Genta, the person you saw was not very tall...
and was wearing a number two on his clothes,
which was the same shade of gray as Ay's jacket, right?
Yes.
And how come you couldn't see his face?
W... well, because...
because it was in the sports section, like I told you,
and on the stairs there were all the members of a basketball team.
that they didn't let me see it.
Members of a basketball team?
(Male) Yes, they were from Haido's high school basketball team!
Today we got their uniforms
and everyone on the team came to pick them up.
Oh...!
They were such tall boys that they looked like adults, really.
When they saw the uniforms they were so excited!
they put them on top of the clothes they were wearing and said:
"Today we will go like this at home!", They were excited like creatures.
Do you remember what it was like, the uniform they came to get?
Of course I do, but... I took a picture of them.
Look, this is it.
Mm... The uniform is the same shade of gray as the jacket Ay is wearing.
That's the same!
Yes.
Right, they were all wearing the same shade of gray.
And the assailant, to march,

passed in the middle of the team members, who were on their way to the stairs!
Maybe the team members also saw the aggressor.
Eh?
I doubt it.
Because with all my might I called: "Let me through!
and it seems to me that they all turned to look at me.
But, hey, listen, basketball uniforms have numbers on them, right?
I get it: you must have confused the number two on one of the players
with the clothes the aggressor was wearing.
I didn't get confused, you feel ?!
Besides, he was the only one running!
Well, it would be very logical.
You were surrounded by numbers...
No.
I am convinced that in Genta has not seen the number two.
Because in basketball there are no bibs with numbers one, two and three.
-What?
-What?
And why aren't there?
Basketball referees signal with their fingers
to indicate that a foul has been committed.
But they also signal a one-point free throw with their fingers,
and two- and three-point shots,
so, in order to avoid confusion,
the International Basketball League decided to eliminate
the numbers one, two and three from the uniforms.
Ah...!
But then, where did you see the two, if you didn't wear the suspicious ones?
Yes, you're right, you're right.
If I had taken a photo of the suspect instead of the gift...
If you wanted us to take a picture of him, you should have said so!
Huh?
In the photo you sent, you had the bat and glove in your hands.
Who took the picture of you, Genta?
Of course he did...
A member of this basketball team.
In Mitsuhiko and Ay, what they have done are self,
but, not you, Ayumi.
Ah!
Who took your picture?
A very kind sales clerk in the toy section.
Look, when you told us to keep an eye out...
that the person who had stabbed a man had fled down the stairs,
he escorted me to the stairs.
-...it's possible that he might have...
So, the sales clerk may have...
...noticed Mr. Hosogoe's assailant.
Well then, let's go to the toy section!
(All) Yes!
Hey, hey, the elevator is the other way!
There are too many people, we'll go faster up the stairs!
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Alright then... Let's see, then who is the aggressor?
Because the assailant has passed behind the mannequins and the panels...
before continuing to run downstairs!
-The buttons of Ay's jacket... -The buttons of Ay's jacket...
-So it's going well, guys?
But wait a minute.
The number I saw was a two!
Tell me, what's wrong?
You're looking at me as if I had something on my face...
"Don't miss the next episode!"
" 'The contradictions of the Junior Detective League (Part Two)'."

