"Dr. Agasa has won food vouchers in a raffle...
"And he invites us to go to a refined restaurant
located at the top of the Beika Department Store."
"But shortly after eating,
the restaurant's chef is stabbed and seriously injured."
"Contact with members of the Junior Detective League,
"Scattered around the warehouses, why look to see if you see the assailant,
"who has escaped on the run, but..."
You are right.
But now we will hear the testimonies of the children,
who say they have seen the aggressor.
Here they are.
They have not seen his face, but they remember his features.
In height, he was not very tall,
and I remember that he was wearing a white number two on his clothes,
which was gray!
A gray... like the one on the jacket worn by Ay.
What are you saying?
No, he wasn't.
He was quite tall, and the clothes he wore were dark gray.
And he ran more like a man.
Well, to me... it looked like a woman.
And the clothes she was wearing were light gray, almost white.
She was... normal height, a little taller than the doctor!
We have a problem.
"Oysters."
I'm sure he was tall!
"The 3 descriptions are very different!"
"A black cloth splashed with crime
is filled with color with brilliant deduction."
"First of all, Merry Christmas."
"And now, the mystery of contradictory testimonies."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Blando ni akirameta no kai kodoku na tabi ni Derui no wa.
Itsuki hanashiteita daro nani mo semeteru wake ya nai.
Karamitsuku musuu no ito.
Kudaranai zatsu na hay mo arasoi ni makeru hay mo
tadotteikeba dokoka de sueldo shimuketa jibun ga iru.
Ikutsuka no higeki sae,
yume no chuujitsu na Saigo Kamo.

A Kono Sekai wa,
Anata no iro ni naru yo.
Toki ni yasashiku
toki ni zankoku made ni.
Shinchou ni tsubuyaite
daitan ni ugoite, yeah.
Shiboridasu Yuuki wo Darek ga miteiru.

"The contradictions of the Junior Detective League (part two)."
Hey, Conan!
Wait up!
-Huh?
-Eeei!
Hey, Conan?
What's wrong, Mitsuhiko?
I just remembered that, when I saw the suspect,
there were all of mannequins like this on the fifth floor!
I remember that the man has passed dodging the mannequins?
It was the fastest way to get to the stairs and escape!
Excuse me.
On the fifth floor there are mannequins like this?
Yes, today we had about 10 of them.
We need them to set up the school uniform
school uniform fair on the sports floor.
That's why I have to bring them all up
from the warehouse on the fifth floor to the seventh floor.
We store them there because we used to have the toy section,
and the children's clothing section.
I've also had to walk 4 or 5 panels up to the seventh floor,
I'm exhausted.
Oh... They're checking the freight elevator,
but my head wants to have everything ready today.
Of course, it's true!
The panels were blocking my view,
that's why I couldn't see the assailant's face!
So, if you look at the panels,
maybe you can figure out how tall he really was, right?
I don't know, because there were panels of different sizes....
and I don't know which ones were covering him up.
The other mannequins were the same size as the one we saw?
Yes, all of them.
And they were all the same off-white color.
And the panels, what color were they?
White, too?
Yes, all of them.
I thought there would be a sign on one side, but they were all white.
Let's go first to the toy section on the fourth floor.
Perhaps the sales clerk remembers more details
and is a more reliable witness.
(Girl) Yeah, okay.
(Girl) I'm sorry.
I assume you're referring to the moment
when I walked her up the stairs, right?
As I ran, my contact lenses moved and I didn't see it well.
I'm sorry, it was all blurry.
Ah, gee, that's a pity.
And you don't remember anything else, then?
Even vaguely.
Well, let me think...
I was with her by the stairs waiting for someone to come down,
but when the person finally appeared,
the light outside dazzled us and we could only see the silhouette.
I don't think she could see it well, either.
Hm.
But what I do remember is that she stopped.

Yes, he stood for a moment in front of the window.
He just stood there?
-Yes.
-Yes, don't you remember?
As if he wanted to take out something he had on the sole of his shoe.
-No idea.
-And what was it?
Didn't you see it?
Maybe a chewing gum had stuck to it?
Mmm... No, I don't know.
Don't worry, even if it really was gum,
by now he's had time to throw it away.
And then... he must have continued down the stairs, right?
No.
You couldn't see his face?
I tried, but then...
a group of kids who looked like high school students
came up the stairs and passed in front of him and covered my face.
and it was impossible to see his face because of the way they were moving.
And listen, say.
Why did they look like high school students to you?
Because... they were all wearing the same clothes!
Hm.
The same clothes?
Mm.
Oh, yes, come to think of it,
a group of students on a tour of the town
came in to buy souvenirs.
They reminded me of a boy from my high school that I loved!
Where I studied,
all the kids wore jackets with stand-up collars,
so they looked much more serious and sensible.
"They looked...
more serious?"
So these students may also have seen the aggressor.
-No.
-Do you know what high school they might be from?
But not long ago I saw a couple hanging around here.
Damn!
If we knew which school they were from, we'd know who the assailant was!
Don't worry.
I don't think it will be necessary anymore.
Am I right or not?
Eh, detective?
You're right.
I've solved the mystery.
I know why your witnesses are different,
and I also know who the assailant is!
What?!
You found him!?
(Takagi) "Inspector, found it!"
"Yes, the helium canister that the assailant has used to change the voice....
when he is called in the restaurant."
We found it in the bushes
next to the telephone booth
located near the department store, from where the offender is called.
So, the offender has breathed helium to change his voice,
the restaurant on the tenth floor is called,
complained about the chef and hid the helium canister in the bushes.
Then he went to the staircase next to the restaurant
and stabbed the chef,
who had come to talk to him about his complaint.
And then he ran down the stairs to escape.
That's right.
And at this moment the forensic guys are examining the phone
and also the helium canister, but if there were no prints on the knife,
I doubt very much there's a head to be found here.
Surely as a precaution, he must have done everything with gloves on.
Probably.
Then perhaps we'll have no choice
but to wait until the victim comes to.
Hm?
There won't be, inspector.
I've already deduced who the assailant is...
thanks to the witnesses of these three.
Eh?
Hm...
Eh?
Yes.
Isn't that right, Dr. Agasa?
But how can that be, Conan?
Your witnesses pointed to 3 different suspects:
Mrs. Mitsuko Shikama, of small build,
wearing light gray clothes and a needle reminiscent of the number 6.
Mr. Masaru Miyadai, tall and strong,
wearing a dark gray sports jacket
with the Tokyo Spirits logo on the back.
And Mr. Takashi Kamaya, of medium build and height,
wearing a gray sweatshirt, neither dark nor light,
with Beika characters on the back.
Their testimonies are very different.
There is no description
that totally fits any of the 3 suspects.
So, would you be okay with a test?
Yes!
A test?
And with this test I'm sure you'll see very clearly
how the different witnesses all point to the same person.
Hm.
First we go to the seventh floor, where the sports section is.
Genta, you are here when you saw the aggressor coming down the stairs, right?
-Hello!
-Yes, Conan!
Hm?
Uh... listen... And who are those?
The members of the basketball team who were also here
when Genta saw the assailant.
I asked them to come here for testing.
Oh!

Genta, can you tell the characteristics of the person you have seen?
Of course I can!
He was rather short and was dressed in gray,
the same color as the Ai's jacket, and with a two on the back!
Please, Chiba, can you help us?
Can you stand next to the members of the basketball team?
Yes, sure.
Inspector Chiba is a little bit chubby
and of average height, we'd say, a little taller than the doctor.
"Chubby"?
You see?
Next to the members of the basketball team he looks rather short, doesn't he?
Yes, he does.
You're absolutely right.
The impression you get of something
is influenced by the size of its surroundings.
Even if two things are the same, they can look different.
E-right.
And now, Chiba, could you please take the Ay...
and stand half-hidden behind the members of the basketball team
just for a moment?
Yes, okay.
I'm sorry.
All right, okay.
Hide some more.
Ooh!
The buttons on Ay's jacket look like number three!
Yes, they do!
And if you cover them on the other side, it looks like number 8!
The basketball uniforms and the jacket of Ai
have the same shade of gray,
and among so many numbers, we end up imagining another number.
But wait a minute.
The number I saw was a two!
Very good, then.
Let's see, then who is the aggressor?
We'll have to go to another floor to find out.
En Mitsuhiko saw the assailant on the fifth floor landing,
where the camera section is.
Yes.
Yes, yes, more or less.
Were they like this?
Why have you filled the landing with children's dummies?
And also with these sign boards.
Because the assailant passed behind the mannequins and the panels
before continuing to run down the stairs!
I asked the employee who was moving them earlier to reproduce the situation
to reproduce the situation when the aggressor passed by.
Oh.
Mitsuhiko,
repeat the characteristics of the assailant you saw.
He was tall and strong,
he was dressed in dark gray clothes and ran like a man.
Please, Chiba, stand next to the dummies, now.
I don't think it's necessary, the effect will be exactly the opposite.
If I stand here I will obviously look like a very tall person.
Very good.
Oh, could you stand in front of that short panel over there for a moment?
Okay. Okay, guys?
That's good, guys?
Gee, Ay's jacket looks...
(Mitsuhiko) It looks darker than before.
(Mitsuhiko) That's right!
The mannequins and the panels are white
and therefore, high brightness,
so the gray color looks even darker.
The color, like the size,
is influenced by the surrounding colors!
This is called luminosity contrast, right Dr. Agasa?
I see what you mean.
Yes.
So the clothing of the assailant you saw on Mitsuhiko
was probably a less dark gray, right, Conan?
Hm.
We'll make another stop first.
Well, then, who was the assailant?
Oh... Oh, my goodness.
And finally, the Ayumi.
You've seen the assailant on the fourth floor landing,
where the toy section is.
The sales clerk escorted you to the stairs,
and both of you waited next door in case you saw the assailant, didn't you?
And what did the person you saw look like?
Hm!
First, because of the light from the window, I could only see his silhouette,
I could only see his silhouette,
but I had the feeling that it was a woman.
Then, when she came down the stairs,
I could see that she was dressed in light gray clothing
and that she was of normal height, a little taller than Dr. Agasa.
That is, like Inspector Chiba.
(Male) Sorry to keep you waiting.
Tell us what we can do to help you solve the case.
(Man) Eh?
Could you get this girl wrapped up, please?
Eh?
"Me again?"
Huh?
Wow!
So Ay's clothes look like...
It looks much lighter gray than before.
Of course, much more!
Unlike before, like what's around him now is darker,
or low light, the gray looks lighter than it is.
Eh?
The Ayumi has seen how the aggressor was passing current
by some uniformed students who have come to visit.
That's why I asked the members of the basketball team for help.

to come with their friends in uniform.
And having done these tests we know perfectly well who the aggressor is.
Very well then, and can you tell us who the aggressor is?
Excluding the size of the person,
which has been influenced by the environment,
the 2 that may have been generated by mistake by the players' bibs
and the fact that it was a woman,
just because the witness has had the feeling;
we are left with the person we are looking for being of average size,
a little taller than Dr. Agasa,
wearing clothes in the same shade of gray as the Ai's jacket and runs like a man.
Right?
Only one person fits this description.
Right.
Yes, sir!
So the assailant has been...
Hey, hey, what are you saying?
Why do I have to be me, the aggressor?
Let's see, explain.
If all you have are the contradictory testimonies of the children!
But there are 3 points perfectly defined.
It is a little higher than Dr.
Agasa,
his clothes are the same shade of gray as Ay's jacket,
and he runs like a man.
The person that fits this description is you, Mr.
Kamaya!
But, but this is not so.
Because, in case you hadn't noticed,
I don't wear any number two on my clothes nor do I run like a woman.
Wasn't that, too, what you said before, kids?
Marrecs, you say ?
Excuse me,
I think you have something stuck to the sole of your left shoe.
Eh?
Maybe I got some gum stuck to it.
Some people don't know to throw it away.
But I don't see any gum or anything here.
Oh!
He made the same move as the assailant!
Of course he did.
What what?!
If something hits our left shoe
we men tend to turn our shoe forward
and pull out whatever it is with the right hand.
Because unlike what happens to women, men do this posture very easily,
men do this posture very easily.
But he couldn't use his right hand because he has crushed his fingers.
And of course, that's why he had no choice...
but to lift her foot backwards, like this,
and pull out his gum with his left hand.
Ayumi, who could see his silhouette in the window, against the light,
when he saw you make this gesture,
intuitively assumed that you were a woman.
Oh!
Well, well... Well, this woman would have done the same thing, right?
Yes, but, excuse me, could you hang your backpack on your back?
I think that way we'll be able to see the number the assailant will point to.
Oh, wow.
Can't you hang it on your back?
Is that all right?
Hm.
(Genta) Number two!
This is the number two I've seen!
How interesting...
-It can't be!
One of the characters of "Beika", covered vertically by the backpack,
looks like number two.
Eh?
This means...
that all your descriptions were absolutely correct.
Yes.
Well, then, can you escort me to the station, please?
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
You have no evidence to prove that I'm the aggressor!
Inspector Megure!
We just found saliva at the mouth of the helium canister!
That's good.
And now we'll send it to the lab for DNA analysis.
Mmm.
And we'll know who the saliva belongs to.
So, I'm hoping that if the DNA is yours,
you'll be able to give us a plausible explanation for everything, right?
Why did you have to modify your voice with helium to make a phone call,
who did you talk to on the phone, and what was your intention?
If I didn't modify my voice, I would have been discovered.
It had been two years since he sent me away,
and yet, when the chef saw me in the restaurant...
he recognized me right away.
He stabbed you because he was fired two years ago?
Is it because of this?
What are you saying?
Soc incapable of stabbing someone for a job!
But it's just that the other day I invited my girlfriend for dinner
at this restaurant to make her happy.
"I didn't tell her that I'd been working part-time for years."
It is surprising
that you know a restaurant as refined as this one, Takashi.
I may not look like it, but I'm a connoisseur of gastronomy.
When I was working, I often watched the chef while he was cooking.
Since his hair was dyed black,
I thought he wouldn't recognize me, so I made him come to the table.
The secret ingredient in this marinade is honey, right?
My taste buds never fool me.
"But then the chef..."

No, I used a little bit of jam.
I can't tell you what, because it's a company secret.
Eh?
Eh?
But before...
Yes, I used to use honey to soften the sour taste,
but with the jam it's better.
Eh, but... Excuse me, aren't you from Kamaya?
Didn't you work here a few years ago?
-Ooh...
-Eh?
I...
Uh, well, I'd like to take this opportunity to say I'm sorry.
I think I was too hard on you.
It wasn't until I saw you crying that I realized it.
Forgive me.
Well... Well...
I don't know..., I... hehehe...
That's why my girlfriend left me again.
It had cost me a lot... to get her back,
and now that we were together again, that chef goes and...
It's all my fault!
But I didn't want to kill him!
I just wanted to scare him with a knife
and see his terrified face and how he begged me!
He's not dead, we caught him in time.
The hospital called a while ago
and they said that the patient has regained consciousness.
Mr. Hosogoe asked us for a favor and we will do it for him.
He doesn't want the name of the assailant to be made public
until he himself voluntarily surrenders to the police.
He still considers him a colleague with whom he worked
and with whom he shares the same kitchen.
"In fact, it's as if he has already said who the aggressor was."
A real nonsense.
I find it so sad that I'm not even angry.
(Cries)
("Yesterday Love," Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Genta) Come on, doctor...
- (Mitsuhiko)... give us...
- (Ayumi) Isn't it time...
...our Christmas presents?
(Ayumi) Oh... Hehe... I see you remember, huh?
I sure do!
Come to think of it...
I still haven't given up asking for a Fusae brand bag.
Come on, come on, come on.
Enough of this joke, right?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Tell me, what's wrong?
You're looking at me like I have something on my face.
-A black spot under your eye.
-Yes, you have... -Yes, you have...
-You're sure it's mascara, right?
-It can't be!
Oh, man.
I was sure I had taken off all my makeup.
"Haibara.
The... your face..."
What happened?
What am I doing here?
I can see that.
And you didn't notice until this morning?
He wants to open the safe.
No signal?
Ge-ice dry?
I'm inside... of... coffin?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Conan, trapped in the dark (part one)'."

