Yumi!
Eh?
Yumi, wait!
I'm in Chiba!
I went to ask the Traffic Department
and they told me that you guys were patrolling Haido on October 4th.
Is it true, Yumi?
On October 4th?
Hm... Ah!
You mean that day when it was so hot?
You saw something strange, while patrolling?
What do you mean?
Ah!
Are you investigating that weird case?
Yes, that one.
In that case,
at the crime scene there was only the victim and another man.
Well, all you have to do is take that man and make him confess.
-No, I can't do that.
-It's too easy.
(Thinking) "In Kazunobu Chiba
has a very strong sense of justice."
"As a child he was a close friend of mine... and my first love."
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"Lovers who dare not take the plunge.
"This strange case will perhaps bring them together."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"A difficult UFO case for Inspector Chiba (part one)."
"In Kazunobu Chiba has a very pronounced sense of justice."
"As a child, he was a close friend of mine... and my first love."
I'm going home, I feel like watching TV for a while.
What are you doing?
You can't go through!
The traffic light is still red.
Let me stay.
It's all right.
Can't you see there's no car coming?
Besides, no one will see me.
I'll see you!
And you'll also know that you've gone through!
If you get used to breaking the rules now,
you'll get into the habit!
Bad habits are very hard to break.
How can you not know something like that?!
(Cries)
"The only flaw he has is that he's still very strict."
"And then there's another thing I'm really sorry about:
That he doesn't remember me."
- (Chiba) And you, Naeko?
-(Chiba)
Isn't it you, the one who was patrolling with Yumi, that day?
Don't you remember if you saw anything strange while patrolling?
Go ahead, remember.
It's been 3 months, but try a little harder.
Heavy!
How do you want us to respond, if you don't tell us anything?
What's that?
Come on, shut up.
Come on, say, what kind of strange thing?
Well... I don't know,
an alien.
What is it?
An... alien?
No, of course not.
I'm going, I have work to do.
(Yumi) Poor thing!
How ridiculous he becomes!
It seems to me or is it true that he is even fatter?
(Yumi) I don't know.
Are you sure?
Maybe he is a little chubbier than before.
No, I wouldn't call him chubby.
This boy is obese.
If he goes at this rate, he won't last long.
I wouldn't want a boyfriend like this man for the world.
Yes, that's true.
Even if he was the last man left in the world,
I wouldn't want Inspector Chiba.
Would you like to do me a favor?
You don't have a job or what?
-Okay.
-Go on, go patrol.
Hmmmmm!
What's wrong with you, Naeko?
What's wrong with you, Naeko?
You're scary.
(Door: doorbell)
Who's there?
Ah. (doorbell rings)
Good evening, janitor.
A messenger has come to bring a package for you and I've kept it for you.
Very well, thank you very much.
But, listen, be very careful when you open it.
I noticed that the sender is writing something very strange.
Huh?
"From the biggest fan in the universe."
(Kogoro) An alien?
You're asking me to look for an alien?
-You're asking me, in Kogoro Mouri?
(Kogoro Mouri) -Yes.
Well yes, I saw that on their website it said this:
"We will go to the end of the universe to find any missing person.
Mouri Detective Agency.
Man!
That just means we'll try hard.

But, let's see, Father, I don't think I'm asking you to travel into space.
Yes.
Do you really mean it, Hina?
I'm saying it because I saw it with my eyes:
it was an unidentified flying object.
U-an unidentified flying object?
A UFO?
What was it?
What shape was it, this UFO?
It was-it was like some kind of cylinder.
Aah!
It was a cigar UFO!
And you saw it near Haido Park, right?
Yes, when I was running with my club.
That's very strange to me.
Are you sure that what you saw wasn't a blimp?
They look like cigar UFOs from the shape.
"They do?"
"Oysters!"
"The 'little sister outside'.
"That the Masumi hides in her hotel room
looks a lot like Ay."
"If they are related,
"This means that the Masumi's older brother, in Shuichi Akai,
and Ay are also related."
"Wait, Ay's older sister, the Akemi Miyano,
and in Shuichi Akai were..."
Eh?
Conan.
What are you doing so delighted?
Aren't you coming?
Where do we have to go?
At the place where Hina saw the UFO, of course.
Since the other day Yoko played the role of an investigator
about extraterrestrials in a TV series,
now the father is interested in everything that has to do with UFOs.
Ah!
So, you go to karate too, Hina?
That's why you know each other even though you go to different high schools?
That's right.
Besides, we always usually coincide...
in the semi-finals of all the tournaments we enter.
And I've still never been able to win against Ran.
"That's why this face looked so familiar."
You see.
But I saw the UFO when we were doing the club's summer camp.
When I explained to the companions of the club and to my friends
what I had seen, nobody wanted to believe me.
Luckily I remembered later
that Ran's father was the famous Sleeping Kogoro.
I thought that if UFOs existed,
extraterrestrials also existed
and that I would send a message to Ran to help me find them.
Yes?
And if UFOs exist, what do you plan to do?
I want to ask them why they come to Earth,
what planet they are from and if they let me take a ride with their ship.
I have so many questions to fe-ls'hi!
But, listen,
what if it turns out that the aliens are out to do harm?
I'm not afraid of them.
If they have bad intentions, we'll talk fisticuffs.
Why do you think I'm going to karate, me?
Ah!
Wow!
It was right in this place.
When I passed by, I saw it up there.
The UFO passed through those trees.
I rushed up to try to get a better look at it.
I climbed these stairs very fast
and entered Haido Park, but I didn't see anything.
Since I was out for a run, I didn't have my cell phone with me....
and I couldn't take pictures.
But if you say that you were out for a run with some people from your club,
maybe someone saw the UFO just like you did.
But-but it's just that...
I was left alone at the end
because I couldn't run as fast as my companions.
I was crunched
because I was following a training plan to win the Ranmaru.
Oh, sorry!
The Ranmaru?
I call you Ranmaru because Ran Mouri looks a lot like Ranmaru.
You don't like that I named you after a general?
Eh... Yes, it's fine.
"This place..."
Can you tell me how she's doing, Natsuko, please?
She had a very severe head injury.
Because it was so severe, she had emergency surgery.
-Thank you.
-She's still unconscious.
And how did he do it to you, to find out that Miss Natsuko was a teacher?
Natsuko was a teacher?
Man, it was a pretty easy and uncomplicated deduction.
There was a bag next to her that was full of tests.
Eh?
Conan!
How can that be?
What are you doing here?
Don't worry, he came with me.
We were taking a drive together.
Another question.
The tests were undone, I mean without names and answers?
Hm?
Ah, no!
They were actually made-up test sheets, with the answers,
and they were all corrected.
Oh, were they?
With what you just told me, I suspect that she wasn't supposed to be attacked here.
Eh?
Hey, listen, Ran, these stairs...
isn't this where Jodie's friend, Miss Shibuya, was pushed down?
Huh?
How do you know?
Because Jodie told me and I remember.
"Wow! Ran didn't know."
Miss Shibuya is a teacher at Haido Elementary School.

and it looks like he was passing these stairs on his way home.
Does this mean that the elementary school is near here?
It's obvious.
Maybe in some science class at this school
they flew something and she mistook it for a UFO.
I would say it wasn't.
The elementary schools were on vacation.
Also, the flying object came in the direction of my high school.
I checked and that day the high school was empty.
There were only people in the gymnasium: those from our karate club.
Haido High School?
I've always wanted to go and I've never been able to.
If you want, let's go, but I don't think we can get in.
Why not?
At the beginning of October there was a murder
in a high school building where they're doing construction now.
Since it's winter vacation now,
the entrances are closed even by the students.
That's why it's very difficult to get in.
Wow!
It's true!
There's a police car parked at the back gate.
Hey, Ran, come here.
See: this lock is broken and can be opened.
That's it.
Yes, but...
But you mean we do well?
It's not funny.
-Oh!
-Oh?
Wow! (Laughs)
I think we found the crime scene.
I remember on the news they talked about it.
I think they said they found a dead body stuck to the concrete
in a high school playground.
They didn't say which high school it happened at.
I wouldn't have said Haido High School.
They said more.
I remember they said that, next to the dead body,
they had found another man stuck to the concrete.
I could tell they only knew how to say nonsense.
It seemed to me that the case had been solved days ago
because they had determined that the guilty one was that man.
(Chiba) Hey, you can't come in here!
Get out of here!
You can't stay here!
(Chiba) Oh!
Mr. Mouri.
(Chiba) Eh?
What are you doing?
It's in Chiba!
(gasps)
It's very easy:
I was talking to this very nice client of mine
and we've come to stop here without realizing it.
W-well, I'm sorry, but it's forbidden to enter.
(gasps)
What's the matter with you?
Are you not feeling well?
Y-yes,
but I had the car away and I came so fast!
What's the matter?
The other day I received a package in the mail.
Inside was a very thick dossier
that explained that obesity could lead to hyperglycemia,
that it could raise cholesterol,
that it could cause high blood pressure
and that it could also increase the risk of having diabetes...
and of having a heart attack
or a cerebral vascular accident that would leave you fatal.
And then he explained various diets.
I have put them all into practice at the same time
because I didn't know which one was the best.
You mean it wasn't a propaganda gimmick
to sell you useless supplements?
No, inside the package there was no propaganda to buy anything.
Besides, the handwriting on the label looked familiar.
It wasn't the first time I had seen it.
Come on, let's stop this and tell us about the case, Chiba.
Remember, we always help you solve cases.
Yeah, right.
We know that the victim was 42 years old
and his name was Kyōgen Nakatsu and that he ran a magazine.
He was face down with his face sunk into the concrete
and died of asphyxiation.
Cleared near him, also on the concrete, but face up,
was an unemployed man named Yusuke Kuchiki, 38 years old.
He often sent pictures in the UFO magazine
that Mr. Nakatsu edited.
Half a year ago they were seen discussing very heatedly
the magazine's editorial staff;
so he had a motive.
So, this man murdered the victim...
by smashing his face into the still-fresh concrete.
But it turns out the man didn't inhale any concrete.
And the coroner says that when he fell on the concrete, he was already dead.
Hm.
We also know he wasn't choked to death by strangling him with a rope.
All indications point to the fact that, for drowning him,
they used a plastic bag to cover the head,
but we still haven't been able to find this bag anywhere.
Surely it must have been blown away by the wind
or perhaps they put stones inside and threw it far away.
On the day of the murder there was no wind blowing

and a bag of stones can't fly far.
If they had done this, we would have found him for sure.
But, let's see, what did the man standing next to the victim say?
He was just saying that Mr. Nakatsu didn't die.
According to him, an alien came out of a UFO...
it hovered in the air for a while, killed Mr. Nakatsu,
got back into the UFO and left.
Oh!
An alien?
Oh!
What did it say to him?
You see, how do they exist?
Uh... Yes.
"No, it wasn't an alien."
"This murder was definitely committed by a person."
(Kogoro) Come on!
Don't tell me to give it to you.
An alien can't come out of a UFO,
kill a person flying in the air
and get back into the UFO and leave as if nothing.
I know that.
I didn't want to believe it either.
But the coroner says there's no question
that Mr. Kyōgen Nakatsu died of asphyxiation
because a bag was put over his head,
and then fell face first onto the concrete.
And Mr. Kuchiki, who was lying on the concrete,
next to him, had no plastic bag on him...
nor have we found any that he could have thrown from there.
That's why the story of the extraterrestrial
Mr. Kuchiki's story of the alien is starting to sound credible.
Is he sure?
He could also have drowned the victim somewhere else,
dragged the body here and dumped it on the concrete, couldn't he?
Why?
I'd say that didn't happen.
Look, don't you see?
On the concrete are the footprints of both of them.
That means they both walked over there.
Also, there's no sign that they dragged the body.
Yeah, the victim must have been carried on his back...
before crushing the concrete,
and after he left her face down on the ground, he got out of the concrete,
changed his shoes, re-entered the concrete..,
shod the victim with the first shoes
and dropped backwards onto the concrete.
If he had done this,
the footprints from when he stepped onto the concrete with the victim on his back
would be twice as deep as the others,
but here it is clear that all the footprints are the same.
Moreover, all these footprints go in one direction only,
and if someone had come and gone when the concrete was soft,
there would be footprints in both directions.
Oh, right.
Maybe he got up when the concrete was already hard,
walked away from here
to make the bag he'd killed the victim with disappear.
and then came back and lay down in the same spot.
And why did he have to come back?
Besides, when the bricklayers came back to see how the concrete had turned out, they had already gone.
what the concrete had looked like, it had already dried out completely.
They had a very hard time
to get those two men off the concrete, both dead and alive.
Wow!
Maybe it was the work of an extraterrestrial.
No, that can't be either.
No, that can't be it either.
Let's see, the deceased was on the ground facing the concrete,
but the living one was face up.
Oh, yeah.
What's the explanation for this?
He says he saw a very strong light
and that he lost consciousness.
If so, the first silhouette must be that of the man who was alive, right?
I say that because you can see the shape of the ass.
One detail that surprises me a lot
is that it seems that this man was wearing a hood.
Does that surprise you?
He must have just put the hood on because he was cold.
Yes, it does surprise me.
Remember on the news they said it happened on October 4.
That's true.
Just that day was Haido's party.
Yes, it was very hot that day.
You wore a hood, in that heat?
Of course he did!
He already knew that the concrete would dry out and become hard.
If he hadn't worn the hood,
his hair would have stuck to the concrete
and then it would have been very difficult to get him out of there.
If this is true, it means that the man?
who was next to the victim was the culprit.
But we can also think that he had an accomplice.
No, he had no accomplice.
The only way to get into the school grounds
without going through the front door is by using this door.
which has a broken lock.
But look:

we have reviewed the images from the security camera installed on that lamppost.
that is installed in that streetlight.
On that day, the only ones who came through the door were those two men.
Oh, really?
And the images do not show the moment when the murder was committed?
No.
The camera does not focus there.
But shortly after those two come in you see something,
something strange.
A strange thing?
Eh?
It's something that crosses the screen from top to bottom:
the shadow of something long and very fat.
It crosses this screen and goes towards Haido Park.
How interesting!
Maybe it's the same UFO I saw.
-Yes.
-What?
You saw it too?
What I saw was a cigar UFO.
But I saw it during the summer vacation.
Oh!
That's so cool!
Aliens exist!
Maybe they do, but we have to watch out:
this alien could be a killer.
Well, if he is a murderer, I'm going to talk to him with my fists.
Hey... I don't know if he'll pay much attention to you.
(Thinking) "Maybe the other man was the killer,
but what if an unknown being was also involved?"
By the way, why did they make a concrete platform here?
It looks like they want to put a sculpture here
a sculpture for the 50th anniversary of the foundation of the institute.
First they said they would do the work during the summer vacations,
but they delayed it until autumn, I don't know why.
Hm.
"The victim was lying on the ground facing the concrete and had died of drowning.
and had drowned."
"The man next to him was wearing a hoodie
and was lying face up on the concrete."
"He says an alien came out of a UFO," he said,
"It killed the victim as it flew away.
and then returned to the UFO and left."
"And in the meantime, the security camera recorded....
a very large, elongated shadow passing by."
("Yesterday Love," Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Hey, hello.
Have you found the alien yet?
No, I haven't found it yet, no.
But I wanted to ask you what color was the cigarette UFO
you saw flying over Haido Park.
That UFO?
I remember it was black and very bright.
Then go see it right away and ask for an explanation!
Don't you find that Inspector Chiba has changed a lot?
Hey, have you lost weight?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'A difficult UFO case for Inspector Chiba (part two)'."

