"On the grounds of Haido High School appeared dead in kyōgen Nakatsu,
editor of a magazine."
"He was facing the ground with his face pressed to the concrete."
"The only suspect in the murder was Yusuke Kuchiki,
who was stuck to the concrete next to Mr. Nakatsu."
"But Mr. Kuchiki stated to the police.
"That an extraterrestrial who had come out of a UFO
"had killed Mr. Nakatsu as he flew away
and then had climbed back into the UFO and left."
Eh?
What did he say?
You see, how do they exist?
Yes.
"No, it wasn't an alien."
"This murder was surely committed by a person."
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"A strange case involving a UFO.
"A regime-building agent investigates the mystery."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"A difficult UFO case for Inspector Chiba (part two)."
What, Inspector Chiba, how do we have it, this?
The what?
The murder case on the fresh concrete,
the one on October 4th.
I'm told that everyone is talking about it on the internet.
They say it was committed by an extraterrestrial
and that the police are hiding it so as not to acknowledge that they exist.
Everything has come out of a blog
where they talk about many details that have not yet been made public.
Here they claim that the source of information is a very famous detective.
Ah, yes.
They must mean Mr. Mouri.
Just the other day I met him at the crime scene.
Well, go see him right away and ask him for explanations!
Yes, now.
Don't you find that in Chiba he has changed?
Coi of a man!
I don't see that he has changed at all.
Although he's still so hooked on manga and comics.
Ah... Ah, yes?
I meant physically.
What, Chiba?
You've already overflowed it again?
(Flow) It looks like you've leaked information.
But what have you done?
You have to be more vigilant when you talk to Mouri.
Often you two also explain things to him about your cases.
I always make sure there are no leaks.
Woman, you may not brag about it.
I don't think it's wrong to ask for help from whomever it's convenient,
especially when you've got the investigation absolutely bogged down.
You know what Yumi said the other day:
"To solve a case from 3 months ago,
you should have been more alert 3 months ago".
If the case is like this, it's not my fault,
it's the fault of the man they found next to the victim,
who changed his statement.
First she said that she had been dazzled by a very strong light and that she had lost consciousness.
and that she had lost consciousness,
and now he says that an extraterrestrial came down from a UFO,
killed that man and went away again.
And, of course, now I'm exhausted...
from walking around the neighborhood every day asking questions to the neighbors.
No wonder you look so bad.
Hey, have you lost weight?
Yes, almost 10 kilos.
Those weight loss methods they sent me by courier...
work very well.
Since I started, I've been losing weight every day.
Every time I weigh myself I have a joy.
"Oh yeah?"
"Well, now I'll send you the memory regimen and the change of order regimen.
and the regime of the change of order."
"And such as the 8-hour regimen."
(Kogoro) Ha-ha!
(Kogoro) I'm so sorry.
Yes, it's true,
I talked to my friends when I met at the bar.
Well, tell the one who wrote it on his blog to delete it.
But, listen,
is it true that the man you found at the crime scene
has changed his statement and now says that the killer was an alien?
Yes, now that 3 months have passed he says he has remembered.

Don't tell, this is also a secret.
Yes, I know that.
But this man also has a blog and writes some very curious things.
He says that one day he went into the garden of I don't know what house
to photograph a UFO
and the police arrested him for breaking and entering.
In another entry he says that one day he was chasing a UFO with his car,
he was stopped and given a speeding ticket.
According to him, the UFO got away from him because of the police.
And he also says that he suspects
that the police are expressly putting obstacles in his way
because they don't want him to go public with information about UFOs.
What-what do you say now?
If this man is so obsessed with UFOs, I find it very strange....
that, before going to the police to change the statement,
he hadn't explained in his blog that he had seen an extraterrestrial
coming out of a UFO and killing a man.
Yes, it is true.
And more so when explaining this would serve to defend his innocence.
But is there anyone else who has claimed to have seen that famous UFO?
It seems that it flew in the direction of Haido Park, right?
Yes, but since that day was Haido's holiday...
and everyone had gone, the park was almost empty.
A friend of Ran's says
that she saw a UFO just like it in the park during the summer.
Before the summer was a mysterious incident
in which a teacher at the elementary school received a push
and fell down the stairs.
So during the summer many people stopped going to that park.
But at the end of August they installed a security camera,
people started to feel safer and started going again.
I have an idea: we could go see that man at his house right now.
R-right now?
When we get there, the great detective Kogoro Mouri...
can ask him some very astute questions...
and maybe he'll solve the mystery.
Come on, yes, come on.
That way, you won't be criticized at the police station.
Mr. Kuchiki.
Mr. Yusuke Kuchiki.
Yes, what do you want?
Good morning, I'm Inspector Chiba.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
May we come in?
Oh, my gosh!
You'll have to wait.
It's just that my house is in such a mess.
Oh, my!
Now.
Go ahead.
(Chiba) If you'll allow me...
I'm sorry, but I can't even offer you tea.
No, you needn't bother.
"You mean he has ordered?"
Please, I ask you not to touch anything.
What's he doing, this little boy?
What's he doing, this little boy, here?
Oh, what a lot of UFO pictures!
What a bunch of UFO pictures!
How nice!
-Oh, yes.
-What are you doing here? -What are you doing here?
This kid lives in my house.
He's very fond of UFOs.
Mm?
Eh?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What do you think, kid?!
Ouch!
-I apologize.
-Mecàsom the nano!
He's very naughty.
He-he...
Come on, wait for us outside.
(Mobile)
Yes.
Hello, Conan.
What's up?
You say you want me to pass you Hina's number?
"Wait a moment."
Yes, I want to ask her something.
Lucky you!
I just see Hina passing by.
Yes?
Wow!
It's just that today the karate club of our high school
has been training together with Haido's karate club.
The training has just finished.
Do you want me to pass it on to you?
Hey, Hina, Conan wants to talk to you.
Oh, he does?
That clever boy?
He says he has something to ask you.
Hey, hello.
Have you found the alien yet?
No, I haven't found it yet, no.
But I wanted to ask you what color was the cigarette UFO
that you saw flying over Haido Park.
That UFO?
I remember it was black and very bright.
Black color?
Thank you very much.
Hey, hold on.
"There it is. I know what happened."
"Now I understand why this man didn't want to post on his blog
"that he had seen an alien:
Because no one would investigate his unidentified flying object."
(Door: call)
Ya.
Sorry I'm late.
As it was the right distance,
I took advantage of it to come running from home.
(doorbell rings) Oh!
Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Sorry, but I don't know who you are.
Whoa, what a question, Ran!
In Chiba, in Chiba of the police.
Inspector Chiba, we're waiting for you.
Of course, of course.
You asked me to come.
Is it true that you, Ran, have solved the concrete murder case?

What?
Don't you remember?
It's what we did last night.
Ah!
We tried the culprit trick.
You mean that kind of plastic worm
we made by gluing garbage bags together?
I thought that was a homework assignment you got at school.
Come on, come on, let's call everyone and go try it there,
because, luckily, it's sunny today and there's not a cloud.
Why did they bother me again?
The other day they came to my house and we were talking for a long time.
Do you keep saying that you didn't kill Mr. Nakatsu,
but that an alien from a UFO did it?
Who else could have done it?
The police discovered that Mr. Nakatsu,
who was lying dead on the half-dried concrete,
had been killed by drowning him with a kind of plastic bag.
It is true that I was found unconscious
and stuck to the concrete next to the victim,
but I didn't have a plastic bag or anything like that on me.
Besides, there were no footprints coming out of the concrete....
and since there was no wind blowing at all that day, it is impossible for an air strike to blow off the concrete,
it's impossible that a gust of air could have blown the bag away.
But you could have come out of the concrete by stepping on the footprints
that you had left when you had entered.
What nonsense!
Then the footprints would have been deeper!
Hey, don't talk to me like that.
Besides, what were you doing in high school, if you're not a student or anything?
Come on, Hina, calm down.
I came here because the day before I saw a UFO around here.
I came with Mr. Nakatsu
because I knew he might be interested in it because of his magazine.
We had thought that if we went up to the roof of the building,
we could see the UFO, if it came back.
May I know why there is this girl?
Because she also saw a UFO,
but it was in Haido Park during the summer vacation.
It was a cigar UFO.
Oh, really?
Isn't it true that UFOs exist?
I'm sure that what I saw was similar to yours.
But I was so dazzled by that strong light,
that I lost consciousness.
What color was the UFO you saw?
Was it this color, perhaps?
No... no...
It seems to me that what I saw was of a more grayish color.
But on the other hand, this big bag...
can be flown through the sky like a UFO.
And naturally, it can also be used to drown a person.
But what do you say, now?
Even if I wrap a person with this bag,
I don't think you could kill them.
Oh, you couldn't?
Try sticking your head in.
You see?
Even if I close the bag tightly, I can still breathe.
Yes?
Now you'll see.
Chiba, take the bag and squeeze it tightly from behind.
What do you mean?
Like this, you mean?
It's true, it's better if it's over.
It's true that you can drown someone with it.
No!
Father!
That I drown!
I'm drowning!
Hey, wait a minute.
What to the images of the security camera
I do not come out loaded with a big bag like this?
No, of course not.
He could have hidden in these bushes, for example.
Oh, what a heavy child!
Don't you see that the bag did not appear near the crime scene?
Of course, because he had made it fly like a UFO.
To do this, he first filled it with air.
Of... air?
I don't know how.
I don't know, but if he had run with the mouth of the bag wide open...
But if he had run, there would have been footprints on the concrete.
No, there's another way.
Try to move the bag by making eights in the air without moving from the place.
How do you mean?
Like this?
Oh!
Oh!
The bag...
That's good!
...is filling up.
When the bag is full of air,
tie a knot and it will look like an elongated balloon.
Like this?
Now you've seen that there's a way to fill the bag with air
without moving anything from the spot.
-But it can't be.
-It's true.
If I had made these gestures with the bag,
there would have been much deeper footprints than the others in the place where I was.
Yes, it's true, and here all the footprints are equally deep.
"This Conan is a creature."
But if a very big monster stepped on the deeper footprints,
they would be hidden.
Yes, that, a monster!
I... I know: then he dropped on the deepest footprints.
With his body they would all be erased.

Hey, hey, hey!
No bag full of air appeared anywhere near here.
If the wind had been blowing that day, it could have flown,
but nothing was blowing.
It doesn't mean anything,
in a while this bag full of air will fly like a UFO.
What?
But this is just a bag full of air.
No matter how long you wait, it doesn't want to... Eh?
Oh!
Fly!
Oh, cool!
That's right, the UFO I saw flying was exactly like this.
This is called a "solar balloon".
When the sun heats it up, the air inside the bag expands...
and this makes it less dense than the air outside...
and this is how the balloon flies.
If the bag is black,
it absorbs sunlight and temperature more easily,
and with this thin, elongated shape,
the air in all parts of the balloon heats up more evenly and faster.
I saw this on a TV experiment program.
Oh!
Now I get it.
Really, is that how you committed this crime?
I imagine you knew
that there was construction going on here at the institute
and they would have poured concrete.
That's why you had Mr. Nakatsu come here.
Then he took the plastic bag that he had in the bushes
and put it on Mr. Nakatsu's head from behind.
He took it to the concrete
and there he continued to squeeze the bag until he choked him.
Then he pushed the body against the concrete so that it was well crushed.
Then he filled the bag with air by making those movements that I have made
and tied a knot to make it look like a balloon,
dropped it over the deepest footprints to erase them
and lifted the bag so that the sun warmed the air inside.
After a while the bag flew away and landed far away from here.
and landed far away from here.
Just as you had predicted,
when the masons came back to check on the concrete,
they found them stuck together.
That is to say, that long shadow...
that appears on the security camera images...
...is that of the sun globe he used to commit the crime.
But what does that have to do with the UFO I saw during the vacation?
I suppose what you saw was an experiment
he had done to see if the balloon would fly.
Hey, hey, hey!
That's enough!
You guys keep coming up with theories,
but what proof do you have, huh?
Do you have any proof that I turned the bag into a balloon
and made it fly?
So far I haven't said anything,
but I warn you that I'm willing to post on the internet documentary evidence
that proves that the murderer was an extraterrestrial,
but that the police don't want it to be known.
This evidence must be stuck on some tree in Haido Park.
What do you mean?
I'm sure that when he did the experiment in the summer
you were able to retrieve the bag, but unfortunately for you,
a security camera was soon installed in the park.
It's clear: your original intention was to recover the bag...
that you used to commit the crime
and then claim that the murderer was an alien,
but since they had installed the security camera,
he couldn't go and get it and he couldn't say anything.
If you had started talking about flying objects,
there would have been witnesses who had seen the flying bag...
and there would have been a much greater chance
that they would have found the bag stuck in a tree in the park.
But since at the end of 3 months
no one had said they had seen any flying bag,
he decided to tell the story of the alien
that had come out of a UFO to kill Mr. Nakatsu,
as he had first thought.
If the bag appears,
there may be Mr. Nakatsu's saliva and the killer's fingerprints.
There can be no better evidence than this.
What nonsense, all of it!
How stupid to use this concrete and alien stuff
to cover up a murder!
I did exactly what he asked me to do,
But do you know what that swindler said to me..,
when he saw the photos of UFOs that I had made with so much effort?
They are worthless.
They are out of focus.
They are too small.
You can't make out anything.
If you want me to publish them, bring me more impressive photos,
even if you have to cheat a little,
because, in fact, we already know that UFOs don't exist.
He had the nerve to tell me that, he, who edited a UFO magazine!
Well, you, if you believe they exist,

what I had to do
was to get good pictures of real UFOs to put him out of the game.
But instead, he has not hesitated to use aliens?
in which he says he believes he won't be accused of murder.
This is very big.
You know what I think?
That aliens wouldn't be able to do what you've done.
Mr. Kuchiki, come on.
Inspector Chiba's a real piece of work.
He's pretty good, but in Makoto Kyogoku he'd win it just like that.
He would?
This Makoto was one of your karate club, right?
Yeah, that's right, he's not now because he's studying abroad,
but it looks like there's a rich girl
who's after him all day long and won't leave him alone.
I've stood up well,
guess what trick he's used.
There in his house, when I opened that cupboard upstairs, I saw that there were science books,
I saw that there were science books,
black plastic bags and seal.
But how did you know, what would they be up there?
For the hand.
When he opened the door for us after he had been tidying up,
I noticed that his right hand was whiter than the other.
That made me deduce that he had been for a while
with the right arm raised higher than the heart
and that's why not so much blood had reached it.
But I'm sure you noticed this too, didn't you?
What?
Oh, so much!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Of course, you did!
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Sato) Hey, Chiba.
What did you tell me?
Is it true that you're going to stop an alien?
Is it?
Is it true?
What I stopped was one who wanted to make believe
that an alien had committed a murder.
Well, I was able to stop him thanks to Conan's help.
See in Chiba: don't you find him rather handsome?
-No, very handsome.
-Oh, yes!
It's true that he is handsome.
I guess he hadn't started to take care of himself a bit until now.
How I like him!
He looks like the protagonist of a police series.
Wow!
I think I'll go on the attack.
Hey, no!
I want to attack first.
Hey, Chiba, listen, do I think so or have you put on weight again?
Is it... is it noticeable?
It's just that the other day a messenger came to the house
with a box of great Valentine's Day chocolates.
I tried one and it was so good I couldn't stop.
You know you can't get too fat.
You must say that for yourself too, right?
We cops have to stay in shape.
Look at him: he's as fit as a boot again.
-Me neither.
-I don't want him at all, this Chiba.
"Viva!"
Wow, the magazines are gone!
And in this envelope, did you see if there was anything written?
Ah, you mean an envelope with a marriage form?
Well, it's about time, Chacha... Finally you've come!
(Woman) Have you seen what was inside the envelope?!
"I'll keep the seventh title and wait for Yumi's reply."
"Don't miss the next episode!
The password of the marriage form (part one)."

