(Yumi) Wow, I'm so full!
This Italian restaurant was really good, wasn't it?
Mm!
Yes, but I think you ate a little too much today.
It's my day off and I like to do what I want!
It's my day off and I like to do what I want!
Besides, I'm not in a good mood lately.
By the way, what you told me at the restaurant...
about that envelope your boyfriend gave you...
He's not anymore, do you hear me?
He's an ex-boyfriend!
As I told you, a few years ago he forced me to take it, at any cost!
(Boy) I'm sorry, sorry for the delay.
-Here, for you.
-Sorry, you took so long! -You took so long!
What's this?
(Boy) What's this?
Hey, what are you doing?
I ask you not to open it... until I have them all 7.
But... can you tell me what it is?
When I have all 7, I'll call you, I promise, Yumi.
(Yumi) This is... exactly what you told me.
But our days off never coincided,
so I passed on it.
But you didn't think that inside the envelope there might be...
a marriage form, did you?
Did you?
Come on, woman, don't tease me...
Hey, a lot of guys do that.
Often the guy has already written his name on the form...
and, if you want to get married, you just write your name and that's it.
The truth is, I don't know what it is, that "7" thing,
but he asked you to keep the envelope well, didn't he?
Yes, as a matter of fact he did.
And what kind of person is he?
What does he do for a living?
There are things about his life that I don't know.
But he said he'd call me when he got them all 7.
I guess he must be very good at something.
Maybe fishing, or some kind of sport, or doing comedy monologues.
Monologues, you say?
Ah, it's the Meijin Taiko!
Lately everyone's been asking for it to do commercials
or to appear on TV quiz shows.
Y-you're telling me... he's a shogi master, he?
Sure, he's very famous.
Don't... don't tell me your boyfriend is...
the Meijin Taiko himself?!
Well, I think so...
So, when he told you that "all 7",
he must have meant the 7 most important shogi titles!
Oh yeah?
I didn't know that.
Why don't you go open the envelope, Yumi?
He told you that you could open it when he had all 7!
I thought he would open it before himself when we met again.
And that if there was something absurd inside, he'd tear it right there.
So what?
Although you keep it, then, this envelope?
I saw it the other day.
Where should I put it?
Ah, I remember: I was reading before going to bed...
and I used it as a stitch in a fashion magazine!
And where is it, this fashion magazine?
As it was old, I made a lot of magazines...
and this morning I threw them away for recycling.
Well, let's get it back right now!
If we hurry, maybe we'll make it in time.
-Eh?
-Hey, never mind, it doesn't matter.
The truth is that I haven't thought about getting married yet.
Besides, I don't want her to think I'm a shallow woman...
that I've changed my mind just because I know he's a shogi master.
-All right, then.
-Do you understand?
I won't insist any more.
You seem to have it very clear.
Although I'm not interested, I think it's a pity.
In order for a shogi master with the 7 titles
must earn at least 100 million yen a year.
-Eh ?!
-Eh?
Really?
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"He has thrown away the marriage form for recycling.
and it won't be easy to find it."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The password of the marriage form (Part One)."

(Ayumi) Oh, it's not possible!
Stres, the magazines are gone!
I can already say goodbye to my 100 million yen!
(Sato, thinks) "This is what hurts him."
Why don't you tell him what happened
and ask her to fill out another marriage form and that's it?
No way!
In Chukichi is an extremely stubborn person.
One day, when I was still dating him,
I jokingly asked him if he would give me a spare envelope.
No way!
There is only one envelope like this in the whole world!
There is no spare.
-Mm.
-That's what he said.
-Huh?
-Wait!
The garbage truck should still be driving around town.
If I take the mini patrol car and sound the siren.
maybe I can stop it.
- (Mitsuhiko) Hello.
-That would be an abuse of authority.
This is Inspector Sato and Yumi from the Transit Police.
(Mitsuhiko) -Are you working on a case?
-What's going on, around the neighborhood?
(Yumi thinks) "Mm, the kids..."
Yumi has thrown away something very important in the garbage
and now she's in big trouble!
-Huh?
-Shut up, Miwako!
Gee, you've got to be stupid, don't you?
If it's something important, you shouldn't throw it away!
-You threw it away without thinking?
-But I didn't do it expressly... -I did...
It was inside a fashion magazine.
But I made a bundle of old magazines and I put them in here.
Today is not the day for collecting recyclable garbage.
-Huh?
-As usual.
-Look, the one who's never wrong! -You're really a head case.
-You really are a knucklehead!
It seems to me that if the bundle of old magazines is missing,
it's very likely that the janitor of the building
decided to put them away somewhere.
If he knew they were yours, it would have been normal....
he would have left them in front of your door.
Ah! (Yumi) The magazines!
(Yumi) The magazines!
Ha-ha-ha!
How happy I am!
He's a very attentive janitor, isn't he?
He put a note to remind you of the collection day.
I'm sure I left it inside the magazine....
I find it amazing that the janitor of the building
knew this package was from Yumi.
If you've been working as a janitor for a long time,
you eventually get to know what kind of magazines the tenants buy and read.
and read by the tenants.
I'm pretty sure Yumi must be the only neighbor
who mixes mahjong and fashion magazines.
It's gone!
I can't find it!
It's not a magazine!
By the way, you still haven't told us what you're looking for....
- (all) What?!
-100 million yen!
You've used an envelope containing something quite important as a point,
and left it between the pages of a fashion magazine.
Ah..., you mean an envelope with a marriage form?
Yes, that's it, more or less.
(Sato, thinks) "Even the guys know!"
And on this envelope, did you see if there was anything written?
On the back of the envelope, the word "seal" was written.
And in front of it was even written his name, Shukichi Haneda.
Oh!
Do you know what I just thought, just now?
That if a woman writes her name on the form and sends it to the City Hall....
It's true!
If my future husband should be someone like the Meijin Taiko,
I wouldn't hesitate for a second.
-I was joking.
-What?
I propose that we go see the janitor,
in case he knows anything about all this!
Considering that this is a rather important envelope,
maybe he has decided to keep it to himself, no?
(Intercom: nobody-nang)
- (man) "Yes?"
- (nobody-nang)
Hello, excuse me... I'm Yumi Miyamoto, from the 308th floor.
I wanted to ask you something about the garbage....
-Mm?
- "Yes, wait a moment."
Mm!
Well, it's about time, Chacha..., you finally came!
Chacha?
Listen, I've told you a lot of times not to call me that.
I don't like it at all and you know it.
Wait a minute, Yumi, what does Chacha mean, exactly?
I don't know, I have no idea.
One day when he came to Chukichi, a few months ago,
we met him at the entrance.
Since then he calls me Chacha, although he knows I don't like it.
You are like that evil woman who bewitched the Taiko Hideyoshi!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure, I get it..."
(Conan voice) One question, sir.
Do you happen to like shogi?
Mm?
Of course I do!
I used to think I played as well as the pros.
But Meijin Taiko taught me a lesson.
About 10 years ago I felt that a teenage professional player

I would do a demonstration in a department store.
I thought he was inexperienced and wanted to beat him up.
But he was the one who stuck it to me.
I think I fell in love with his style of play instantly.
And ever since then I've been following him and I'm a real fan!
Every time he won a title I was as happy as if I had won it myself
as if I had won it myself in person
and I was living a life... comfortably with all the highs and lows.
Until Chacha showed up and stopped me.
-Yes, of course.
-You're going to stop him?
Here you see, this man was a professional pickpocket.
Pickpocket?
I stopped this scoundrel while he was stealing my wallet on the train,
but luckily he ended up in jail.
After serving his sentence,
he came to see me and told me he couldn't find work.
I helped him find a job as a janitor.
Oh... Really? I want to ask him a question about an envelope.
I want to ask you a question about an envelope
that was between the pages of one of the magazines I threw away today.
Ah, yes... You must mean that, right?
What's that?
Don't tell me you dared to open it.
-Mm!
And what if I looked at it?
-You've looked what was inside?! -You've looked what was inside?!
You threw it away, didn't you?
--But you can be very happy.
-You old bastard!
You know that inside there was a marriage form.
Come back to me at once.
This form belongs to me!
-Eh?!
-Well look, I don't know where I left it... -Well, I don't know where I left it...
I thought I had kept it in the back room,
but I'm not sure.
I've been forgetting a lot lately.
Come on, get out of the way!
If you don't remember, I'll look for it!
Excuse me, are you sure?
It's neither on the desk nor in the drawers.
-Gee, that's strange.
-So it's not here!
I don't know what could have happened.
I'm sure it's somewhere in this room.
Why don't you tell him to give it back to you as soon as he finds it?
All right, then.
All right, then.
You really don't have much time left, right now!
- (all) Oh!
- (both) Hey?!
On the marriage form,
in the job box it said "shogi master with 7 titles".
I had to fill in that box with extraordinary determination and determination.
and determination.
I am one hundred percent sure of that!
But now, in Taiko, he is playing the last game...
and he's having big problems.
The reason is probably this form.
In an interview that was published recently he said
that since he had not received a reply from the person he loves,
it was impossible for him to concentrate on shogi.
In a nutshell,
if he were to lose the final game of the Osho tournament today in Taiko...,
then the marriage form
where it says "shogi player with 7 titles" would no longer be valid!
If I were you I would call him right away and say, "Come on, let's get married!"
-It's not possible.
-What?!
While they are in the tournament room they can't use their cell phones.
Therefore, the only time you might be able to talk to him...
would be when he leaves the room during the lunch break.
If the Chacha comes in with the marriage form in her hands,
he will regain his Herculean strength
and will be able to defeat any opponent.
If my watch is right,
there is still an hour to go before the break.
So he knows where he is and he's been messing with us the whole time!
Stop it... Where have you been hiding about ?!
First show me that you have made the decision!
The... the decision?
Your decision to support the Meijin Taiko at all costs.
Prove to me that you want to do it!
Because if your feelings are so strong,
I'm sure it won't take you long to find the envelope!
The... the decision?
Your decision to support the Meijin Taiko at all costs.
Show me that you want to do it!
Because if your feelings are so strong,
I'm sure it won't be hard for you to find the envelope!
Hey, wait a minute!
You mean it couldn't be that?
It says here that you must enter a password,
and it looks like it's 8 digits.
Besides, only the Yodogimi is authorized to enter it.
Who is the Yodogimi?
She was Taiko Hideyoshi's wife, and she was also called Chacha.
Now what you have to know is what numbers to put in.
If we put random numbers, sooner or later we will guess it, right?

Impossible, Yumi is the only one who can enter the password,
and also warns that the system will not admit any kind of error.
If you press the wrong key, it is very likely to crash.
Eh?
Oh...
Very easy, Mitsuhiko.
So what should we do, Conan?
We have to find a combination of 8 numbers,
until we get the password.
It'll be in this room, and if Yumi writes it on the computer,
we'll locate the envelope.
Well, I'm not off track, am I?
What do you think, Mr. Remugaire?
Yes, you're right.
Now that we know what we have to do, we look for the password.
(All) Yes!
Let's go, guys!
Let's go!
We can help too, can't we?
-Ah...
-(Sato, think) "Let's see...?
(Sato, thinks) "Let's see...?"
(Ayumi) Stop it, Genta!
Don't reverse the garbage can!
You don't know, Ayumi.
Maybe there's something inside the garbage can.
Mm?
(Ayumi) Huh?
A very strange paper has fallen out!
Now, wait a minute.
What on earth was that?
It's a tangled mess that you can't understand at all.
At first glance, it looks like some kind of encrypted code.
Maybe if we can decipher it, it'll turn up the eight-digit number...
8-digit number we're looking for.
Wow...!
How do you expect us to solve something like that?
Don't be discouraged, I think we're going to get out.
I don't know why, but as soon as I saw this code...
it made me think of the code that appears in the novel
"The Dancers", by Sherlock Holmes.
I'm sure that the Holmes fan
who has taken a picture of the paper with his cell phone and is now looking at it
has already found... the solution.
Conan, you mean you can't solve it either?
-Is it so difficult to decipher?
-You really can't?
Yes, gosh-ho-ho....
(Shinichi, thinks) "I can't quite see what it is."
"Could they be images, letters, or are they just symbols?"
"Damn, I don't know how to find the key!"
Hey!
There's a symbol that looks like a piece of numbers.
Do you see it?
This one, if you cover it like this, it looks like the number one!
Yes, you are right.
But we don't know what we should cover the symbols with, do we?
Mm?
I think I've got it!
We should use the shogi pieces!
If we place shogi pieces on top of this paper
maybe we'll find the 8-digit number and get the password!
(Yumi) Maybe so...
It's strange that the shogi board is here, in the middle of the room.
I find it a bit suspicious.
(Sato) I agree.
It has all the appearance of being a clue.
Come on, then: now that we know what we have to do,
we could all try to decipher the code together, don't you think?
(All) Yes!
(Shinichi, thinking) "He-he! He's got them all in his pocket."
(Think) "Yumi..., why haven't you answered me, yet?"
"Maybe what's wrong is that she doesn't want to marry me."
"No, no... Even if that were the case, she would have called me to tell me."
"Come on, come on, I shouldn't worry so much..."
"I have to concentrate on the game."
Mm!
-Eh?
-Oh!
(Thinking) "What if... he hasn't opened the envelope yet?"
"She might even have thrown it away."
"Ay! Yumi is quite capable of something like that."
-Huh?
-Master Haneda.
There seems to be something bothering him.
If you need a break, we can move up lunchtime.
I don't mind, we can take the break now....
Ah, no need, we can continue.
(Thinking) "Yes, I'll keep the seventh title and wait for Yumi's answer."
"Exactly, that will be what I will do:
continue with the plan!"
(Yumi) Oops...!
It all looks like numbers but it doesn't end up looking clear at all.
I don't even know which damn number I should write first, and there are 8!
Maybe this is not the way to crack the code.
It occurs to me that the code may not be complete with just this one sheet.
What do you mean, Conan?
Maybe there is another piece of paper with complementary codes,
and if we place them one on top of the other and put them against the light,
the 8 digits or some kind of key to discover them will appear.
Should we keep looking for another paper with similar codes?

I think so... Let's give it a try!
Well, come on, guys, everybody get the other paper!
(All 3) Yes!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He-he! It's like the queen with her servants."
(Yumi) You know what?
Looking for this paper brings back such good memories.
-From when I was looking for bamboo shoots.
-(Yumi) Oh, yeah?
Records of what?
-Mm?
-Bamboo shoots?
One day I went to Chukichi's house,
he was very nervous because he couldn't find a fan
that was very important to him and that he wanted to show me.
So I was the one who found it.
Mm?
And what does this have to do with looking for bamboo shoots?
Woman, because fans are made of bamboo, right?
The fan was in a pencil holder,
and in fact only one end was sticking out a little bit.
That's why I told Chukichi bluntly:
"You can't find it because you're looking for the whole fan.
If you think it's almost hidden, it will be much easier for you to find it."
Like bamboo shoots, that only one end sticks out.....
and most of the plant is hidden underground.
Of course!
(Think) "Pansies are like bamboo shoots,
most of them are buried underground."
"This means that it is important not to be dragged down
and not to judge people by appearances."
"It's a quote from the great shogi player Sankichi Sakata."
"I can't believe... that the girl knew her!"
In fact, he had found the fan on the desk....
and had put it in the pencil holder while Chukichi was at the sink.
- "Wow, that was a coincidence..."
-But I didn't tell him that.
Hey, the Meijin Taiko,
how come you always call him Chukichi, if his name is Shukichi?
Well, that's one of the nicknames I gave him.
When we started dating he only ate cheese
for fear of getting his fingers dirty, and he made the same noise...
"Choo-choo-choo": what a mouse does when it nibbles on a piece of cheese!
That's right!
Besides, I couldn't stand to see him eating the same thing every day,
so one day I made him a super delicious cake!
He liked it so much in Chukichi that he kept asking me for it!
By the way, shogi players usually eat....
sweet desserts during the games,
because they say the sugar helps them think.
(Think) "Oh, that's right!"
"The Meijin Taiko started winning titles
when he started eating slices of cake during matches."
"Maybe it's just another coincidence."
"But this woman..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow! Will this be true?"
"Is there really another paper with codes?"
First prove to me that you've made the decision!
The... the decision?
Your decision to support the Meijin Taiko at all costs.
Show me that you want to do it!
(Shinichi, think) "Even if Yumi wants to show decision,
she can't do anything with an incomplete code."
"In fact, the second paper....
Should be as easy to find as the first one."
"Why is there no way to find it?"
"Damn, I don't understand what's going on!"
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
What disappears immediately when you make a copy?
- (both) Eh?
-Hey, I think I know!
We men don't like to go back on our word.
Woe betide you if you lose even one more game!
Did you hear me, you bald-headed mouse?
(Thinking) "I thought... that she was just a lover, like Chacha."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode!
"The password to the marriage form (Part Two)."

