"Yumi, from the Traffic Department,
"throws away an important envelope
given to her by shogi grandmaster Shukichi Haneda."
"Fortunately, the janitor of the building has retrieved it....
and has kept it at home."
I would like to ask you a question regarding an envelope
that was between the pages of one of the magazines I threw away today.
Oh, yes.
You must be referring to that, right?
What?
Don't tell me you dared to open it.
You looked what was inside the envelope?!
And what if I have looked at it?
You threw it away, didn't you?
-But you can be very happy.
-You old bastard!
You know that inside there was a marriage form.
Come back to me at once.
On the marriage form,
in the job box it said "shogi master with seven titles".
I had to fill in that box with extraordinary determination and determination.
and determination.
Of that I am one hundred percent sure.
But now in Taiko he is playing the last game
and he's having big problems.
If in Taiko he lost the final game of the Osho tournament today,
then the marriage form
where it says "shogi player with seven titles" would no longer be valid!
So he knows where he is and has been messing with us the whole time.
Stop it... Where did you hide the envelope?
First prove to me that you have made the decision!
The... the decision?
Your decision to support the Meijin Taiko at all costs.
Prove to me that you want to do it!
Hey, wait a minute!
You mean it couldn't be that?
Eh?
It says here that you must enter a password,
and it looks like it's an 8-digit one.
It also says that only Yodogimi is authorized to enter it.
That's easy, Mitsuhiko.
So what should we do, Conan?
We have to find a combination of 8 numbers,
until we get the password.
It will be in this room,
and if Yumi types it into the computer, we'll locate the envelope.
Right.
I'm not off track, am I?
What do you think, Mr. Remugaire?
Yes.
You're right, you're right.
Now that we know what we have to do, we look for the password.
Let's go!
Yes!
"Now, we've looked all over the room...
"And the only thing we found was a sheet of paper
with some mysterious symbols similar to a code."
"I can't quite see what it is."
"Could they be images, letters, or are they just symbols?"
"Damn, I don't know how to find the key!"
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"The code is difficult to crack."
"Where the way they feel about each other will take them."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The password of the marriage form (part two)."
Well, Naeko explained to me
that you once made her drive a mini patrol car...
all the way to Yamanashi Prefecture;
Is it true?
Yes, I can't deny it because in Shukichi she told me...
that I didn't arrive in time to play a game that was important...
Shukichi, you have been amazing.
This morning you were in a tournament that was very important for you..,
and all of a sudden you abandoned it because of Yumi.
What tournament are you talking about now?
It's just that... in fact, I wanted to get the Meiji title.
The Meiji title?
All right, tell me where it is and what time.
It should be before 3 o'clock at the Tokiwa Hotel
in Yamanashi Prefecture.
But I don't think I'll make it, it's less than an hour and a half.
You know, Shukichi?
You'd do well not to despise this mini patrol car.
(Loud speaker) Hey, the one with the gray car!
Change lanes and let us pass!

Attention all cars, clear the way immediately!
Yu-Yumi, for God's sake, stop, you're going too far!
I just realized it must have been a game of shogi, that one.
-I don't think so.
-Do you know the Tokiwa Hotel?
"The Tokiwa Hotel in Yamanashi is where the Meijin Championship was held,
the seventh title won by Master Taiko."
"I felt he arrived just in time to start the match,
but I doubt he did it with a patrol car."
In the end he made it to the tournament hall on time.
But then he panicked.
In Shukichi told me that he had lost a picture of me
that he always carried with him and used as a lucky charm.
So I gave him a big kiss for good luck
and then sent him off to play!
"I thought she was just a lover, like Chacha, but maybe..."
(Ayumi) Look, sideways, what luck!
-There must be at least 10,000....
-How many squares can I advance, now?
Don't talk nonsense.
If I advanced that far, the game would be over in no time!
"They are tired of searching and have started playing Mawari shogi."
"We've searched for a long time, but we haven't found anything."
"It's normal that they got tired."
"This means that the paper with the symbols is the only code we have."
Don't you find it a little cold in this room?
I had already noticed.
Excuse me, could you put the heating on, please?
I don't think so.
I'd like to, but it's not possible.
It turns out that this device is old and yesterday it stopped working.
I've tried everything, but it won't start.
It seems to me that it will have to endure the cold.
"Eh? When we entered the room it was fine."
"I'm sure you'd had the heating on."
"What I don't understand is why you say it's not working now."
Hey, I'd like to know something.
Did you come up with this code on your own?
Yes, me and no one else.
Why do you ask, this?
Because it is obvious that this sheet of paper is not the original!
Is it?
It is a copy.
"And if it is true? Wow!"
"I took a picture of it right away without examining the paper carefully."
And therefore it is most likely that he has copied a code invented by someone else
by someone else and is now trying to trick us.
It seems to me that you are a bit misguided.
I wrote this code from top to bottom!
I just wanted to make a copy.
What's wrong with that?
Ehm...
"Well...
at first glance there doesn't seem to be any photocopier here."
"To make a copy I would have had to go to the store
that's about 10 minutes or so from here."
"Also, the photocopy paper is rectangular."
"And what we found has a square shape,
that means he's gone to the trouble of cutting it out."
"Therefore, he hasn't made a copy for himself."
"I'm convinced he did it for some important reason."
"But what could it be?"
"Maybe he didn't want anyone to see the draft?"
"What if he didn't want anyone to see the proofreader's marks?"
"Or maybe..."
If it is true that this code was made by you,
then why don't you give us a hint..;
even if it's just one!
Hey, even if I don't give you any clue,
if you are determined to marry the Meijin Taiko
and be man and wife in the eyes of the world,
you should be able to crack the code right away!
Eh?
As long as you agree to become a married couple!
"A married couple?"
(Ayumi) Again a one!
I'm so close to winning the game!
And you've been very lucky from the start.
You know how it goes.
Life is full of ups and downs.
"Ups and downs?"
"Wait a minute."
"The code paper... it was inside the wastebasket, right?"
"I mean, if I take it and fold it into the right shape..."
Let-me!
Be careful!
What are you doing, Conan!
Did you think of something?
What makes you think that?
Looks to me like he's just playing and that's all.
Yumi, if it's him, I'd say no.
Look at him, he's folding the sheet of paper.
Does it look to you like that's how you decipher a code?
I don't know, maybe not.

It's an origami figure like the ones we used to make when we were little.
Hm?
Oh!
Oh!
Wow, that's good!
It's a syllable!
Oh! (Laughs)
Come on, Yumi!
The key is an 8-digit number!
- (Genta) What will it be?
-Let's see....
(Ayumi) I don't see that this is numbers.
(Mitsuhiko) It's a syllable of katakana.
You don't need to worry, most adults are able to remember...
the corresponding 8-digit number.
(Mitsuhiko) Eh?
That's right.
And you want to know something?
The code I showed you is not the only one.
If you notice, it's a pair.
Gee, Miwako, do you think these numbers are correct?
Woman, I guess so.
All right, then I click "enter" and now we'll see what happens.
-Huh?
-Wait!
I think we should check on the internet first just in case.
You're sure?
One little mistake and we won't be able to find
the envelope containing the marriage form
and the whole thing will have been a waste of time.
-(Yumi) Oops, that's strong!
- (Yumi) M-maybe it's worth more....
It's exactly as Ay said it would be!
Did you see it?
Yumi has put the 8 figures without hesitation!
I don't know how, because the code was written in katakana!
How did you manage to make the katakana syllable appear
when you folded the sheet of paper we found?
In fact, we did.
Because we didn't have any clues, eh?
What?
One clue was that the paper with the code
is a copy made expressly,
and another, which we didn't pay much attention to at first,
is that we found the sheet in the wastebasket.
What?
You say it is a copy?
What would we have clearly noticed if he hadn't made a copy?
Hm?
Some sort of initial sketch, or proofreader's marks, perhaps?
See this sheet with the code I just finished, please.
What disappears immediately when you make a copy?
Oh.
Uh, I think I know!
-The fold lines!
-Hmm?
Mm-hm.
Very good thinking, Ayumi!
-... the folds?
-What?
It's the lines...
That's right!
If we had seen at the beginning that the paper had folds,
we would have immediately guessed how we would have folded it
and we would have solved the riddle.
But without having the folds as a guide,
how were we supposed to know the right way to fold it?
That's precisely why the code was in the wastebasket and not somewhere else.
Are you saying this because he wanted to throw it away?
No, Genta.
There is a Japanese expression that says...
A crane in a landfill.
It's an expression that refers to a person who has exceptional talent or beauty.
or exceptional beauty
and who finds himself in the middle of a group of people who are not worth it.
He's right.
Wow!
A landfill is a place where everyone usually dumps their waste.
Since the code was in the garbage can,
the clue told us to fold the sheet of paper into an origami crane.
into an origami crane.
In other words, if we folded it into a crane,
making sure that all the symbols in the code are facing out...
Oh.
See?
This is what comes out.
The word "root" and if you look,
on the other side is the word "five".
But, Conan, what does "root 5" mean?
The number that when multiplied by itself gives 5
is called the square root of 5 or also the root of 5.
Most people, when they go to junior high school or high school,
memorize the first 8 digits.
Gee, are you sure, it's 8 digits?
Don't worry.
And you have to learn them by heart?
There is a phrase that helps you to remember them.
To remember them?
Yes, for the root of 5 you have to memorize:
"Fujisan roku omu Naku",
which is equivalent to the numbers 2-2-3-3-6-6-0-6-7-7-9 in Japanese.
Therefore, I am sure that these 8 digits are the password.
-Come on, let's go then!
-Yes, it seems to be correct.
Hm?
Wow!
Now it turns out that it's asking me to enter the other 8 digits.
Gee, does this mean that the root of 5 wasn't the only password?
Don't worry, Yumi.
All we have to do is
fold the same paper to make another crane!
The man who made this crane has given us another clue
when he said "married couple".
That's perfect.
I have a feeling

that if we start over again by superimposing the same squares
and now we fold them like this,
and then we continue building the crane as we have done before,
another symbol should appear by force,
very similar to the root of 5.
(Ayumi) Yes, but this time it's not any katakana syllables.
Also, there is a very strange kind of drawing behind it.
Let's see, the symbol above the circle is the square root symbol,
so we just have to figure out what number goes inside the circle.
And the only clue we have is this curious and enigmatic drawing.
You know what I think?
That it could be the number 9.
Could you explain why you say so?
If the circle is the moon and what's underneath is a cup of sake,
maybe it means you drink while looking at the moon, right?
It is true, the best moon to contemplate is the one in September.
Then the 9 would go inside the circle.
But the square root of 9 is 3, not an eight-digit number.
What are you saying, Ay, that I'm wrong?
Well, my father always says
he likes to drink a cup of sake while looking at the moon.
"A cup?"
"In Japanese, it's 'IPPA'... Sure, I got it!"
I wasn't expecting that.
Now that we're done, can we... start the press conference?
(Mitsuhiko) Eh?
Sound mark?
The two quotation marks on the top right of the sake cup...
are they a sound mark?
But what is it, this mark?
That's right!
In Japanese it is used to change the sound of a character.
Ah.
Genta is pronounced "ge" and not "ke" because it has this mark.
Of course, the two dashes!
Yes, but what I don't understand...
is how this can help us know what's inside the circle.
You'll see.
Start counting from one.
-Hm?
-Hm? -Hm?
Count the fingers.
"Ippon, nihon, sanbon, yonhon..."
And if we count mice?
Ippiki, nihiki, sanbiki, yonhiki...
And if they are drinks?
IPPA, Nihao, sanbai, yonhai...
You got it, didn't you?
When we count, which number is always marked with a sound mark?
The number 3!
That's right.
So, for the new key you must put the root of three.
Eh?
Let's see... the root of 3 is...
"Hito na me ni o gore ya".
And it is equivalent to 1-7-3-2-0-5-0-8.
Hi-to-na-mi-ni-o-go-re-ya.
That's it!
I-It can't be!
What the hell is happening now?
The screen reflects what the computer's camera is registering
and it looks like a real hoax.
Tell me, where is the damn envelope?!
Come on, woman.
Why don't you take a good look?
And besides, now you want me to take a good look?
Eh?
I have the envelope in my jacket pocket!
-Eh?
-Huh?
Isn't that great?!
Hm.
I know how she did it.
When Yumi pushed her to the entrance,
he took advantage of his professional pickpocketing skills
to slip the envelope into her pocket without her noticing.
That's why he turned off the heat.
He didn't want her to take off her jacket.
Shukichi's marriage form is already mine!
The Osho tournament is held at the Jinya Hotel,
in Kanagawa Prefecture.
The lunch break lasts until half past one, so....
If we take a cab maybe we will be on time!
- (mobile)
-Yes.
What's that?
A phone call?
It's from Shukichi!
-Ah, is that you, Shukichi?
- "Hello."
Hey, you're not supposed to use your cell phone, are you?
-What do you mean by that?
- "It's okay."
Eh?
It's just that... the game is over.
(Yumi) "What? Ya-it's already over?"
Please throw away the envelope I gave you.
It's really useless now.
(Yumi) What?
Hey, wait a minute, what do you mean throw away the envelope?
Wow, I can't believe it!
It's just been published on the internet
that the Meijin Taiko has lost the Osho tournament a while ago!
-Oh!
-What?
Let-me-see...
"Clearly preoccupied with some issue unrelated to the game,
the Meijin Taiko has made a series of bad moves
and in the end lost the seventh game before lunch".
Yes, it looks like he lost.
Well... I'm very sorry, Shukichi.
I continue with my plan.
This was the motto of my stepbrother, Koji Haneda,
a highly respected shogi player.
And I, like him, will not give up.
-Oh!
-It was Koji Haneda?

I ask you to forgive me, Yumi.
We men don't like to go back on our word
if we have given our word.
Well, all right.
What?
(Think) "Yumi, sweetheart."
Hey, Shukichi I don't know what you put in this envelope,
and now I don't want to know.
"But when you want to tell me something,
I ask you to please tell me to my face."
"If someday you get the 7 or the 8 whatever they are called
and they make you champion, or king of whatever,
"I will gladly listen to whatever you have to say to me.
"And I assure you that I will be absolutely delighted."
So from now on, woe betide you if you don't lose another game,
did you hear me, you bald-headed mouse?!
Yes.
All right, all right, all right!
Hm.
Yumi, you've been great!
I thought she was a taker, but now I see she's all woman.
I can see she's wearing the pants, in this relationship.
Rather, I think he wants to save himself some trouble.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Yumi) What?
No way.
Is the Osho tournament really only held once a year?
Yes.
Therefore, it is very possible...
that the next time the Meijin will propose to you
will be 12 months from now at the earliest.
What are you saying?
Twelve months?
I thought they did it every 15 days, or something like that.
Also, you should keep in mind that the Meijin Taiko now has 6 titles,
but if it loses another one, like today,
we'll have to wait another year to get it back, Yumi.
Who knows when you will get married.
In fact, nobody knows what will happen.
So now I'll call him and tell him that I don't care how many titles he has,
but I want him to sign another marriage form!
Don't do it!
After the great part you played before.
If they want to, I think they should get married right away.
You're right.
I'm sure adults this whole thing is more complicated.
Hey, have you heard of, uh, Koji Haneda?
Of course I have.
He was a great shogi player
and he came closer than anyone else to winning the 7 titles.
But he went to the United States
to participate in an international chess tournament,
and while he was there he had some kind of accident
and I understand he died.
Of course, calling his last name Haneda I thought
that maybe he had some kind of relationship with Meijin Taiko,
but I didn't think they were half-brothers.
Wait... What's this all about, Ai?
Tell me, what's wrong?
It's just that his name... I remember seeing him before.
He was on the list of people who had been made to take APTX 4869.
And you know what?
It was two names down from you.
Come on, Conan.
Hey, since there's no one here,
why don't you come to this band with me?
"Yeah, man! Like, there's nobody? There's you."
-There's a demon.
Outside.
-What happened to him?
A demon?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'Visit to the hells of love (Beppu episode)'."

