(Sonoko) What?
Really?
So Shinichi made it look like
that he had deduced everything about the cherry blossom,
but in reality he already knew because he had spied on you?
Maybe so.
I'm fine with messing around.
How could you have known, all that?
I thought it was genius.
If I could, I would go back and think otherwise.
And now.
I'm sure he only did it to be noticed.
And also to defend the Ran
and save her from those kids who were always picking on her.
"Don't talk nonsense."
"At that moment, the only thing I saw through the window...
"Was a little girl who was angry because something had been taken from her,
and I felt that they were saying to her: 'You are not of the class'."
"But I do have to admit
"That it was the first time I heard
my heart beating as I solved a mystery."
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"I knew the Ran to the kind of cherry trees,
amidst the tears and conspiracies of a few adults."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"Memories of the cherry tree class (On Shinichi as a child)"
(Yukiko) Before I take Shinichi in school
I'll stop by to pick her up.
Wait'ns, huh?
(Yusaku) "Yes, but to enter, put on your hat and glasses."
"There'll be a lot of commotion, if you get recognized."
(Yusaku) Okay.
Come on, Shinichi, we're leaving.
Shinichi.
Where did you go?
(Man) "...therefore, save all deductions...
and present to your interlocutor only the starting point...
and the conclusions of your theory.
Although it may seem extravagant, you will achieve a surprise effect".
(Yukiko) You are here.
I found you.
What do you think you are?
Let me be.
I haven't finished the book yet.
We have to go.
In case you don't remember, today you start the new school.
But I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Besides, it's no good, reading in such a dark place.
In the end you'll have to wear glasses, like your father.
I'll never wear glasses.
Never in my life.
(People: shouts of admiration)
It's Yukiko Kudo!
How strange... I'm wearing a hat and glasses and they still know me.
You shouldn't have worn the hat
and glasses you wore to the last movie.
You have.
The cherry tree class insignia.
And now, can you please stop shadowing me?
I'm the star today.
Got it.
Tiene, Shinichi, put this on your robe and we'll get out of here.
Okay, we can go now.
We can go now.
(Man) I only have one question left, Mrs. Kudo:
Do you have any allergies, Shinichi?
Do you know if there are any foods you can't eat?
That would hurt you?
Like eggs, noodles, cheese...
No, he can eat anything.
My son has never had any allergies of any kind...
"Let's see if I can find the library. Where should it be...?"
I can't believe it.
How can there be no library?
"Luckily they only sleep in rows."
"At first, it looked like a morgue to me,
like the one I saw the other day in a movie."
"This row is the one with the apples,
"This is the one with the tulips,
"and the last one is the... cherry trees."
"When they sleep they look like good kids and everything."
"That's the little girl who was sad because something was taken from her."
"Her robe is the only one that doesn't have the insignia
in the shape of a cherry blossom."
"That's what should have been taken from her. But what should she do now?"
"Just a moment."
"This way of folding a paper I know."
"It's what the father did.

to make a star to decorate the Christmas tree."
"The father made a straight cut, diagonally,
and out came a star."
"On the other hand, if you carve it the way she did, it comes out...
"Ah! A cherry blossom."
"Sure, they've taken her cherry blossom-shaped badge....
and she's making another one out of paper."
"Oysters. I can't wait to ask him if I'm right or wrong."
"Sherlock Holmes says to save yourself all deductions
"And that you present to your interlocutor
only the starting point and conclusions of your theory."
"Although it may seem extravagant,
you will achieve a surprise effect."
"Surely... I will surprise her?"
"I will impress her with my deduction?"
"No, I'm wrong..."
It's different from ours, you're not from the class.
"The badge they took from you
was not plastic, like the others."
Make another one for me.
That's it!
It's a... cherry blossom.
"How come it's been standing so still? Maybe...?"
What?
Yes or no?
Yes, yes it is, but how do you know?
How, how do I know?
Do you think I'm a donkey?
Or are you laughing at me?
"Now all I have to do is explain to you how I knew everything,
"That it was very easy,
and I'm sure I'll surprise her."
It is easy.
That's how I knew you had lost
your cherry blossom-shaped badge
and that you'd made yourself another teary-eyed weepy slope.
"How'd you like that, huh?"
"You stood stiller than you did at Watson's."
"I impressed you, didn't I?"
(All) Oooooh!
"I surprised you all. It's great. On Holmes it's great."
How could you know, all of it?
That you're a witch, or what?
Don't be silly.
How do you want me to be a witch?
"I'm sure I've surprised her too, with my deduction."
Well, I'm not a crybaby either.
"How come she's angry?"
"What?"
No, I wasn't crying.
Well, you were crying.
I wasn't crying.
Yes, you were.
"If your eyes are full of tears."
(Yukiko) Aaah.
Shinichi.
You're here.
Why... why did you leave?
I had to finish filling out the registration form.
(Yukiko) Ouch.
Mother, please...
What have you done, with the badge?
A moment ago you had it on your robe.
What have you done?
Where is it?
I don't know.
Maybe I've lost it.
"I have the cherry blossom-shaped badge hidden in my pocket."
"I must see to it that they don't find it."
"What's wrong with it? Who's looking?"
"He's looking at her."
"But... why?"
Excuse me, Mrs. Kudo.
If they don't find the badge in the end,
as next week we have to make one for the Ran,
we'll make another one for your son, don't suffer.
Thank you very much.
Hey.
If you want a cherry blossom, I can give you this one I just made.
Okay, I'll write the name, too.
I'll write your name, too.
What's your name?
Eh?
Ah... Shinichi Kudo, from... the cherry tree class.
Shi... ni... chi... ku... do.
There, that's it.
Thank you very much.
There you go.
For you.
I'll give it to you, but in exchange you have to promise me one thing:
that you'll never again tell me I'm a crybaby.
Because I'm not.
I'm not a crybaby.
Stop, stop.
That's it, come on, don't get angry.
And you, Shinichi, don't tell her again that she's a crybaby.
I'm fine.
Who are you?
Soc in Ronsuke Efune.
I'll be your teacher from now on.
It's my pleasure.
Thank you.
You too.
I've seen you do some very strange things.
I have.
I've seen it.
Who do you mean?
Mr. Efune, your teacher?
Yes.
And what do you mean he does strange things?
For example, at nap time,
"She's the only one who always puts the futon in the same place,
when we go to the park to play, he always shakes hands only with her."
"Today, when we were at the park, on the slide,
"There were other kids lined up
and he made him pass her in front of everybody."
And he calls her name, and says her name loudly.
I'm convinced that what he wants to do is to gain her trust
because then he can do whatever he wants to do.
Caram.
And who is this girl?
Who is she?
Ah...

It's... a girl named Ran.
Aaah.
And couldn't it be that you've seen
that the teacher treats this girl better than the others,
and that's why you got a little jealous?
What's that?
Don't talk nonsense.
I'm not jealous.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
Anyway, it's not right at all...
for a teacher to do favors.
Yes.
Have you asked him for explanations?
About the futon, he explained to me...
"...that he used to sleep farther away from the toilets...
"And that sometimes he didn't make it on time,
and that's why now he makes him sleep closer."
"He has also told me that when we go out,
"He always holds her hand so that one time he got lost,
she's a bit absent-minded, and they had to go looking for her far away."
"And to the slide, you can see that she always lets the others pass,
"and that's why, from time to time..."
she tells the others to let her pass.
Caram.
She has explanations for everything, then.
By the way, didn't you say before that she has changed her itinerary and that, since some time ago, she started to let others pass?
and that, for some time now, she's started going to play in another park?
Yes.
He told me that tomorrow he'll explain to me why we're going to this park, now.
Anyway, Shinichi, I'd say you're a little jealous.
I told you I'm not.
It's not true.
"Besides, a lot of times, when he looks at her, he makes a mean face."
I won't let him get away with it.
Hey, hey, Shinichi, wait.
One question:
have you noticed if Ran is always the last one to get up from her nap?
Yes.
She's always very sleepy and is the last one to get up.
Mm...
What, Yusaku?
Have you found out anything yet?
Shinichi's teacher's last name is very interesting to me.
I know another person who is also called Efune:
she's a girl from Hokkaido.
What's the matter, Ran?
Are you sad?
I'm like this because yesterday my mother scolded me.
She told me not to mess with the other kids.
Isn't it true that I don't pick on anyone?
I'd say it's more like there are those who pick on you.
That's fine.
You all do very well.
The truth is that I like to come to this park for that girl.
She's actually my wife.
Does this mean you're married?
(Sonoko) What?
Your wife?
(Woman) What?
A black van?
Yes, it's been a few days...
I've seen it parked at the back gate of the school.
Sometimes I think maybe we should report it to the police.
I don't know, I don't know.
But I think it would be good if we could write down the license plate number.
Yes, if it's all right with you, I'll go and see what's going on.
-Are you sure you want to go?
-But, Mr. Efune...
Be very careful, eh?
Let her run.
We both know she won't come back.
Don't say that.
Because it's not true.
(Efune) "What... what do you want me to do, then?"
Start over.
(Woman) "This time I'm sure it'll go well."
"It can never be too late to redo such a wonderful path."
(Woman) Let it go.
We're not going back to...
Don't stay out there.
It's raining and it's getting wet.
Get in the car.
Wh-who are you?
I'm just a new writer who's recently published books.
(Efune) A writer?
And where is he?
This car belongs to my wife's little brother.
The brother of his wife a while ago
tried to sneak into the school through the washroom window,
but a police inspector friend of mine stopped him before he could do it.
At this moment she is already at the police station and is being questioned.
They are accusing her of having tried to enter the school
with the aim of kidnapping a little girl.
In fact, her intention...
was to kidnap a little girl named Ran Mouri.
And both you and I know
that this is your wife's little brother.
I also know that you were in the park every day,
you used to hold her hand, that little girl,
because your brother-in-law knew who to kidnap.
"And so that your wife would confirm if she was the girl you wanted,
"He would call her louder than the other children and put her up on the slide
so that she could see her better from the hospital window."
"He would also make her sleep closer to the toilets.
"Because he knew the kidnapper would come in through there,
so it would be easier for him to take her away."

It was not because he had ever leaked pee-pee.
And if this had happened to her,
it was because every day he gave her a sedative to make her sleep,
to make the kidnapper's job easier.
Also, when you give sedatives to a small child,
what happens is that he ends up being disoriented all day long,
and usually ends up doing things against their will.
In fact, it made it look like you were very, very much, of her.
He wanted the other kids to be jealous
and bullying her.
She had it all very well calculated.
She didn't want any detail left to chance.
On top of that, she wrote a note to her parents saying that she was the one..,
who was bullying her classmates.
She did this so that her parents would scold her and she would see that the only person in her class was her.
and see that the only person she could trust was her teacher.
In other words, she was already preparing the ground....
because the girl would think that, even when you had kidnapped her,
she would be more at home with you than with her parents.
"My son's deductions were more than correct."
-Yes.
-From your son?
You intended to devote more time
to gaining the child's trust,
but, as my son found out,
he's been forced to bring the plan forward.
In fact, my son, right now,
is doing what I told him to do when you left school:
"Standing guard at the bathroom door
to make sure it's locked and that no one comes in."
"She's protecting that poor little girl."
My wife right now has a very strong depression.
And because of that, both my brother-in-law and I were forced to....
She's had this depression ever since her daughter ran away from home.
How-how do you know this?
I understand that your wife was grief-stricken
when your daughter ran away from home,
and what she'd like is to be able to start over from scratch.
To be able to raise a little girl again,
a little girl who would go to kindergarten.
Yes.
She tried to commit suicide a couple of times, and she also had anorexia.
It got to a point where I was unable to watch her shut down.
I ask you to do what you can
to make sure that she has nothing to do with all this.
I'm sure your wife, by now,
must have gone to the police by now.
And she will have done so with your daughter.
What?
A-with our daughter?
I have a fan whose last name is Efune,
and it's come to my attention
"That, despite living in Hokkaido, she uses an umbrella."
"She commented to me that it was a habit she had."
People who live in Hokkaido don't have the custom
use umbrellas when it snows.
This detail made me think that it was very likely that he was born and raised somewhere else.
and had grown up somewhere else.
"In addition, he also told me that he had had the feeling....
"That the last sentence of the novel, the one uttered by the detective,
was addressed to her."
"It's when the detective finds the girl
"who had run away from home pretending to have committed suicide...
"And convinces her to return to her parents by saying to her:
" 'It can never be too late to retrace such a wonderful path.'"
I thought that if that phrase had touched her heart so much,
it was very likely that she had also run away from home.
If she wants to see her daughter again,
what she has to do is turn herself in before my friends,
who for the moment are there, waiting, start to get more nervous.
"The next day we were informed
that Mr. Efune had folded from the school of his own free will."
"It was a shock to all the students."
"Everyone was very, very upset about Mr. Efune,
and it was a sea of tears."
Ran...
I think it's okay to cry when you really feel like it, Ran.
I promise... I won't call you crybabies.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"

(Sonoko) He told you "It's okay to cry, when you really feel like it"?
This means he was very mature and very cool for a 4 year old.
And so much.
"What did you want him to do?"
"La Ran couldn't stand being called a crybaby."
Yeah, and the Ran would be the first girl who stole his heart.
No.
No.
What are you talking about?
The first girl who stole his heart was his mother,
who was a well-known actress.
Yes.
I'm sure she was.
I'm sure the Ran doesn't know
"That since that day we met...
What's your name?
Shinichi Kudo, from the cherry tree class.
Shi... ni... chi... Ku... do.
There, that's it.
Thank you very much.
Here's to you.
...I fell in love with his smile."
"What I didn't know is that at the beginning of it all she couldn't even see me."
Oh, yeah.
Oh!
Makoto!
You're amazing.
What's that?
How come you're not wearing your belt?
I'm getting too old.
It's about time I retired and got that black belt back.
The belt is gone.
Ma-Makoto, don't tell me...
Don't miss the next episode: "The mystery of the black belt".

