(Man: attack screams)
(Man: attack screams)
(Man) Stop it, stop it!
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"Before we tackle the Scarlet case,
let's go to a karate club with Sonoko."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetaetai nda.

"The mystery of the black belt."
Ah!
I congratulate you.
Aaah!
Makoto, you're amazing!
Mm?
Oops, yes.
What is it, this attitude?
I've moved heaven and earth to let us in.
You could make a happy face, at least.
And you tell me that?
You forced me to accompany you.
What I wanted to do was...
go to the amusement park with everyone else.
We've come all the way to Osaka and I'm not going to go.
If you wanted to see karate you should have come with Ran.
Yeah, but Ran had to look after the kids.
And besides, if Ran had come,
she would have spent the whole time talking karate with Makoto.
And of course, since she didn't want to come alone,
I couldn't ask anyone else to accompany me.
- (children) "Oss!
Hello!
Good morning!
- Oss!
And that kimono, Hiroki?
The other one was too old.
I bought a new one.
The training of the younger ones is about to start.
Makoto will be a guest.
Ah!
And that old man over there, who is he?
That's master Tatsuhito Takami,
the eighth master of this Tenjin style karate dojo.
Ah!
And what is the relationship between Makoto and master Takami?
Oh!
I don't know, but I think they've known each other for a long time.
When I was still in elementary school, I stopped progressing as a karateka,
but I came on a trip to Osaka with the family...
"...and I met Master Takami."
"He allowed me to do training with him."
Aaah... IAH!
"And that day..."
One must overcome without fighting.
Think about the meaning of the words I just said to you.
You could say that I am here today thanks to those teachings.
That one must win without fighting?
But what does it mean?
It seems to me that it means
that you have to try to avoid being aggressive and getting into fights.
-Oh!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Everyone interprets the meaning of words in their own way.
There is no single correct formula.
In a moment the training of the little ones will begin.
Thank you.
You may stay and enjoy.
(Wind: fiiiu)
(Wind: fiiiu)
A... a... atxum!
-Yes, yes.
-Oh, Sonoko!
You're all right, aren't you?
I was chilled, but I'm getting over it.
By the way, what you did before... that was amazing!
Ah, thank you so much.
- (all) "Oss"!
-All right, let's start the training.
I've always been very surprised that children grow up so fast.
That one there,
in Hiroki Kadota, before he had very little flexibility,
he was incapable of doing what he does.
And now, look at it.
For a while now, he's even become the leader of the group.
I am very proud of him.
The boy next to him, in Katsuhito Kawaguchi,
also has a bright future.
He has the most developed body,
but because he's a bit reserved, he didn't give his all in the fights.
And not long ago he took the black belt exam and passed.
Oh yes, there's also Norio Obashi.
He didn't have any background.
When we went out for a run, he always had to stop halfway.
Now, on the other hand, he always holds on to the end.
I guess this must be because he's such a good trainer, right, teacher?
I don't know.
It's becoming less clear to me every day.
Thank you very much for coming.
I think these kids look up to you a lot.

For them, you are a hero.
They have a good memory of today.
Eh?
Master, I've had a stomach ache all day today.
Can I leave before the end of training?
Of course you can go.
And if you feel really bad, I can accompany you at home, if necessary.
Oh... There isn't.
I-I can go by myself.
I just need to rest a little and-and I'm sure it'll pass soon.
(Child) Attention, "Hajime"!
(Music: covers the voice)

-Mm?
-Daixò...
Master, what is that showcase?
It's an exhibition of the medals and trophies
we have won in competitions.
I didn't want to exhibit it, but the students insisted.
And that belt up there, what is it?
It's the black belt that the masters of this dojo have been passing down
from generation to generation.
It symbolizes the blood and sweat of all those who have preceded us.
All my dedication has been to not dishonor it.
And what about this belt you are wearing now?
This is an ordinary belt.
But... now you are the master of this stream.
Eh?
Mm...
How come you're not wearing a belt?
Excuse me, but-but I have to go now.
What's happened to you, now?
They say that, since he became the dojo master,
he made the training so hard that many people folded.
Besides, it seems that he doesn't charge the children anything for training.
What?
So, they sell free?
- (all) Yes!
-Come on, let's go for a run!
Makoto, come, please.
(all) -Okay.
-We should talk for a moment.
-Mm?
-Good morning, Master Takami.
Hello, Mr. Kajiyoshi.
I came because I want to sign today.
I'm very sorry, but... I ask you to give me a little more time.
What do you mean by this?
The other day you told me that you wanted to sell the premises
as soon as possible.
Besides, you know I'm willing to give it away for a lot of money.
Don't you see that I have a guest?
Mm... Okay, I'll come back another time.
I'll come back another time.
You know who they are, these three?
What?!
I'd say they're loan collectors.
If you don't pay them back the money you owe,
they're willing to take your place.
They'd make a fortune if they sold this estate.
(Makoto) Master, is it true that you want to sell the dojo?
I'm getting very old.
It's about time for me to retire and for that black belt to come back.
No way!
Unfortunately, there's still no one who is sufficiently prepared...
to replace me in this raudales.
Therefore, I have decided that the best thing I can do right now is to close it down.
But, master, you can still run the dojo.
You are wrong, I no longer have the energy I had before.
I no longer have the strength it takes to wear that black belt.
Oh...!
With your permission, master.
Master Takami, if in the end you decide to close this gusher,
what will all your students do?
I'll go talk to another dojo to see if they'll accept me.
But all these children come here because they idolize you, master!
It's irresponsible, what you want to do!
- (all) Eh?
- (glass, brittle: catacrac)
(both) Oh!
(Takami) Eh?
(Takami) Oh, Makoto!
What have you done?!
The belt's gone!
Ma-Makoto, don't tell me that...
-(Takami) Huh?
-If it had been me, master...
...what would I do?
Do you really mean it, Makoto?
Tell me more about what you just said.
I just want you to think about it and not close the dojo.
(All) Oh!
(All) Oh!
Sorry, the decision has already been made.
Very well, then I challenge you to a match.
If I win, you will continue to lead the dojo.
If you win, I will return the belt to you.
Are you sure you want to do it like this?
-Mm...
-Yes.
- (at the same time) Master Takami!
-Very well.
We'll do the fight.
No, Makoto!
Don't do it!
Please don't do it!
-Shut up!
-What shall we do now, Hiroki?
What do we do?!
Don't do it, Makoto!
Can't you see the kids are too scared?!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
Makoto, please!
Ah! (Shinichi, thinks)
Oh..., oh..., ah...
(Cube: rumbling)
Sonoko!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oysters!"
(Sonoko voice) The belt didn't steal it from Makoto.
It only protects the real culprit.

-Who else has the key to the display case?
-Is it true?
Only I have it.
(Sonoko voice) You can also access it through the window above it.
But it's impossible to get to that window.
It's too high.
(Sonoko's voice) Yes, you can.
Climbing up the pipes outside the building.
Those pipes are rusty and damaged.
They wouldn't hold a person.
This means that the only one who could get the belt is Makoto.
(Sonoko voice) If it's so clear to him, why not the search?
-Maybe he's hidden it somewhere.
-(Sonoko voice) He doesn't have it.
(Sonoko voice) We felt Makoto break the lock on the display case,
and how he immediately came running over here.
He didn't have time to hide the belt.
-Yes, Sonoko is right.
-Is it true?
But I guess you don't know... where it is, the belt.
-Hey?! -Where is it?
Where is it?
Who has it?
- (Sonoko voice) Yes.
At Hiroki Kadota's, at Katsuhito Kawaguchi's,
and, even if it's not here, at Norio Obashi.
All three know where it is, the belt.
What?!
Is it true?!
(Sonoko's voice) Besides, it was not something improvised.
We've been thinking about it for a long time, haven't we, like stealing the belt?
Is it true what he says?
Do you have it?
- (man) But, it's very strange.
-Why did he do it?
When the belt disappeared we all went out to run,
and they two have been all the time with us.
(Sonoko voice) Did you do the same route as always?
Yes, we always go to a park that is five minutes from here.
"When we get there we do roll call,
and we run along the side of the river for a while, to the third bridge."
"We cross the bridge, go back to the park on the other side of the river."
There we do roll call again, and then we go back to the dojo.
How do you count it, this?
When the roll call is there, I hear the voice,
but I'm sure I won't see their faces one by one.
-Aaa... we don't look at everyone's face.
-Is it true?
The first time the roll call was taken, they made the change,
and you didn't notice.
"In Norio, who had said he was going home before,
"He changed to Hiroki,
and pretended to be him while we were running along the river bank."
How can that be?
(Sonoko voice) In Hiroki left alone and went back toward the dojo.
He went backwards so that no one would see him,
he climbed the wall, entered through the window,
took the black belt and went back down the same way.
Impossible!
A child can't climb alone without using a rope.
(Sonoko voice) Sure, he can climb up: through the pipe.
But... that pipe is very deteriorated.
A small, flexible child could do it.
Hiroki..., is this true?
Have you taken the belt?
(Sonoko voice) "By stretching his arm out the window
he was able to reach the belt and take it away."
"But when she was coming out, the kimono's collar was torn by the window."
You will see that Hiroki's new kimono is a little torn at the neck.
-Oh!
-This is the proof.
Next, en Hiroki has worn the belt in the park,
"...and waited there until the others arrived."
-Yes, there he could not hide.
-And so, where is, now, the belt?
-Oh!
- (Sonoko voice) He has it on Katsuhito.
(Sonoko voice) Can you take off the belt you're wearing?
It's the...
When they finished running,
they've done the exchanges in the park again.
"There has been the exchange of children, but also of belts."
He put it on Katsuhito,
who had recently obtained his black belt.
- (child) Norio!
- (sliding door, open)
Why did he do it?
Why did he steal the belt?
Because... we wanted him to continue running the dojo.
(All) Oh!
A few days ago we heard him talking on the phone.
We heard that he wanted to fold
because he had lost his passion for karate.
We wanted to do whatever we could to be able to continue training here.
We just wanted you to continue to be our teacher!
We also heard that...
you had already achieved everything in the world of karate.

because he had the honor of having that belt.
So... we thought that if we took it to him,
surely he would want to continue practicing karate.
I don't... I don't even know what to say...
-Eh?
-Don't stop, master!
-Don't close it!
-Don't close the dojo, please!
(All) Please, master!
(Sonoko voice) Makoto, you quickly realized how the children felt.
That's why today, when you saw that the belt was missing, you immediately knew who it was, right?
you immediately knew who it was, didn't you?
In Hiroki and the others
have planned and carried out this whole set-up
because they didn't want Master Takami to fold.
And they have been preparing for a long time.
"Preparing", you say?
- (Sonoko voice) Yes.
-Oh!
To be able to climb up and go through that window,
Hiroki needed to have a lot more flexibility.
He was the only one who could climb up through that half-broken pipe
and access to the showcase through that small window.
At Katsuhito, he had to work very hard to pass the black belt exam.
to pass the black belt exam.
He was the one with the most developed body,
the only one who had the chance to take the exam.
And in Norio he also had to make a great effort to get more depth,
because he knew that he should substitute in Hiroki while they were running,
and he could not be left behind.
- (children, cry) AHU, AHU, Ahu....
-Oh, come here!
Well, well!
I see you're a little busy.
But, as we had arranged, I came because we signed the papers.
-Mm...!
-Traieu sits on his shoes.
-You are in a sacred dojo.
-What?
-Who do you think you are? -Who do you think you are?
-It's forbidden to enter with shoes.
I advise you to mind your own business.
Mr. Kajiyoshi... I apologize..,
but in the end I've decided not to sell you my place.
-I realized I had made a mistake.
- (all) Oh!
I was convinced that I had everything done....,
but I still have a lot to learn,
I have to keep on training.
I have learned this teaching from my students.
So I do it... for them, but I also do it for myself.
And that's why I still need this gushing.
- (Kajiyoshi) The comedy is over!
-Yes!
Yay!
Do you think that the way things are going I'll tell you that I'm fine now
and I'll just walk away?!
(Conan voice) Eh?
(Conan's voice) Oh!
Eh?!
Either you give us back all the money we left you right now,
or you'll have to sell me the place at the price I tell you!
You have no choice!
You want us to fight it out?
- (both) Iaaah!
-All right, then!
Go ahead!
How dare you?
Now you'll see!
Iaaah!
Oh...!
Oh...
Please leave.
We'll sort it out another day.
- (all) Aaaah...!
-Ah, ah, ah...!
(Takami) You have to win without fighting.
I still have a lot to learn.
All right, let's continue the training!
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
I am very happy that Master Takami has found a good attorney
that he wants to represent.
And we found out that the company he worked for in Kajiyoshi was illegal.
They are gangsters and loan sharks.
I'm sure when they are investigated by the police,
Master Takami won't have to pay all the debts he owed.
I want to say... thank you again, Sonoko.
Thanks to you, the dojo will be able to stay open.
And now, they don't deserve it!
You've been great, Makoto.
I'm so glad I came to... a-a... atxum!
Oh, Sonoko, are you all right?
-Oh...
-I think you have a slight fever.
-Ah, don't worry, it's okay. -Oh, sorry!
-Oh, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
Maybe you've become cold again.

-Thank you very much, Makoto!
-Put this on.
A-a... atxum!
A-are you all right?
Your face is so red.
Yes, I'm fine.
That's it, I'm over it.
I'm sure I'll have a lot of fun with Makoto from now on...
- (helicopter)
-What's the matter?
Ah! (helicopter)
Miss, please.
(Conan voice) But, this is for the...?
What-what does this mean?
Don't tell me you called them.
Yeah, sorry, I couldn't help it.
Colds can't be taken lightly.
You never know what you might catch.
You have to stay in bed until you're fully recovered.
Let me be!
Let me be!
I want to go to the amusement park with Makoto!
Let me off!
He-he-he-he!
They've gone.
(Sonoko) No, let me off!
I wanted to go to the amusement park with Makotooo!
(Shinichi voice) "Later, Sonoko would end up thanking en Makoto...
for what he had done for her."
"We were about to be confronted with a very complicated case
that had to do with a TV station."
It sounds to me like it's coming from a floor below.
(Woman) Aaaah!
And what is it?
As it is all dirty with blood,
I guess it's the weapon with which they committed the murder.
Hey, Chiba, where did you find this bag?
It was the garbage container of this building.
Huh?
Mm...
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Secret of the Rich Couple".

