(Water: gurgling)
(People: whispering)
The victim's name was Tatsuya Amagi, and he was a resident of this neighborhood.
The person who found him dead is Mr. TAME Fukuda,
who according to him happened to be passing by.
Yes, that's right.
When I saw him, I immediately called the police.
(Takagi) From what I can see with the naked eye,
I'd say he died last night around 9:00.
The cause of death could be the stab wounds to his torso.
There are quite a few of them and they look like they were made with a pointed utensil.
That we found
a lot of money on him and the way he was stabbed makes us think that...
She was killed in a fit of rage.
Conan!
Ha-ha!
Hello!
I saw that the police were here and I came running.
I'd like to know who could have done something like that, in this neighborhood.
You too, Mouri?
Yes, it's just that I saw the police cars...
Yes, look.
Always with the same song.
(People: whispers)
Inspector, from what we're finding out,
Mr. Amagi was a very ill-considered person, here.
(murmurs: continuing)
Yes, I can see that.
(Murmurs: do not stop)
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"Neighbors who behave strangely."
"A case of chain murder is opened."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The Mystery of Beika's Crossing (Part One)"
(Man) What are you doing, so many police?
Wow.
(People: whispers)
We found out that in Tatsuya Amagi
was living off his parents' inheritance money.
He had recently moved to the neighborhood, about 3 months ago.
(Motorcycle: commotion)
(People: exclamations of disapproval)
It is seen that he was always riding a very noisy motorcycle up and down,
both during the day and at night, and he was very annoying.
The neighbors knew who he was.
And they were angry with him because this neighborhood is very quiet.
So why didn't they just tell him to keep the noise down?
We tried that, but... it was impossible.
(Fukuda) Excuse me a moment.
(Fukuda)
What do you want?
-Ah... -It's just that...
-What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong with you, huh?
Has everyone turned against me or what?
What?
Ouch!
What are you doing?
What am I doing?
You guys are pitiful, man!
What the fuck did you come to tell me, eh?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
He was a very rude and hateful man.
Let's see, if I understood correctly,
Mr. Amagi was someone very annoying...
that the whole neighborhood held in very low regard,
even you, Mr. Fukuda.
And, moreover, you are the one who found his lifeless body.
(Wordiness)
I wouldn't have killed her just because she annoyed us.
In fact, several neighbors...
had already asked the president of the community, Mr. Bando..,
to take care of the problem.
You mean Mr. Hikoichi Bando, specifically?
-That you know him, Inspector?
-Yes, I do.
Not at all.
But we found a card next to the body.
It's his hospital user ID.
Well, it could be that Mr. Bando went to see her yesterday
with the idea of solving this problem with the neighbors.
Yes, and since Mr. Amagi wouldn't listen,
Mr. Bando stabbed him with an object he was carrying.
Mm... Well, we're almost going to see Mr. Bando.
Thank you, Inspector Megure.
Let's let the scientist work.
Mr. Mouri, don't you find that it makes no sense at all,
for a murderer to leave an identification card
next to the victim?

Well, let's see, maybe he's someone very clueless.
She got what she deserved.
Everybody hated her.
She was a bad person.
Señor Bando!
Señor Bando!
What is it?
Mr. Bando!
It's too late.
It's death.
And from the looks of it, I'd say he died last night, too.
Here's a bottle of whiskey
and a bottle of pesticide;
this is poisoning.
Hey, check this out.
This utensil's full of blood, right?
It matches the type of weapon Mr. Amagi was killed with.
I'm sure he killed himself after he was killed.
Well... that means the murderer is also dead?
"But..."
All right.
Notify the coroner right away.
Mr. Hikoichi Bando seems to have been a nice enough man,
but it seems the neighbors didn't quite trust him.
He was the president of the community of neighbors a little bit by force,
partly because his family owns
of more than half of the properties in the neighborhood.
In other words, he was obliged to do so.
If the neighbors asked him to do so,
he was forced to go and talk to Mr. Amagi.
(Woman) Of course I did!
We pay a lot of community fees.
Well it must do some good!
This girl, Hiro Ezaki,
insisted very much that Mr. Bando go to talk to the Amagi.
He-he... A woman with a lot of character.
You could tell he wasn't a very confident man,
and he always carried an awl in his image to protect himself.
What does he want?
I don't have all night.
Why did you make me come here?
-Eh?
-Ah...
Come on, come on!
Speak up!
Speak up!
What do you want?
(Takagi) "Surely Mr. Bando got very nervous
and ended up attacking him."
"But then, because he knew he'd be charged with murder,
he couldn't live with the anguish..."
He went home and committed suicide.
Yes.
The case is very clear.
He couldn't bear the weight of guilt.
Better not to rush.
(Woman) Oh...
My God, who would have thought,
that in the end this man would do such a good service to the whole community.
We neighbors didn't know what to do with the Amagi hooligan.
They have done us a good favor by getting him out of our way.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Woman 2) Forgive me, but I don't think it was him.
Mr. Bando would never have done that, something like that.
I am sure of it.
Why are you saying this?
There are reactions that cannot be foreseen.
To begin with, I believe that Mr. Bando...
didn't consider the Amagi to be a big problem.
Just yesterday he was not in a hurry to talk to him.
Let's see, tell us a little bit more about it, that, se... Mrs....?
Toyoko Kamemitsu, I'll be right back.
No!
It's just that it's forbidden to go past the tape, madam.
Oh, excuse me.
Then why don't you come home, so we can talk calmly?
No, we can't go to anyone's house.
No, of course we can't.
Oh!
But you're the famous detective Mouri!
You don't know how excited I'd be.
Come on, cheer up.
I have a coffee shop near here.
Ah, well, if it's a coffee shop, then I can.
"Yeah, sure."
(Kamemitsu) Here.
Thank you very much, madam.
Thank you very much.
And this one for you.
Girl, do you remember what time Mr. Bando came yesterday?
Let's see... Ah, yes!
It was a little after 12 o'clock.
Yes, you're right, he came accompanied by Mr. Yosuke Chino,
who is a professor of Japanese history
from Haido University who is very famous.
After studying everything, I haven't found anything that has much value.
Well, that's too bad, isn't it, Mr. Bando?
That's all right.
Frankly, I was thinking about it.
The professor has spent many days
valuing everything that was in the warehouse, didn't he?
Yes, I expected to find something of some value,
but the vast majority of it is junk that would be hard to sell.
I'm also surprised that nothing has been found.
In old houses there are usually some interesting antiques.
Yes, that's true.
But if the professor says there is nothing, there is nothing.
I assure you that there are no objects of great value.
I don't know if I should let myself be seen so much around here.
The neighbors are pressuring me to get that brawler to go outside.
Don't tell me you haven't spoken yet.
I'm not skilled with these things.

I will wait for the right time to come.
And you say this happened yesterday afternoon.
Can you confirm that?
Yes.
Oh, so much!
I would put my hand in the fire
that last night Mr. Bando didn't go to talk to the Amagi.
Yes, this seems more than evident.
-And so?
-But...
Besides, I also doubt that Mr. Bando committed suicide.
Me too, the door was open.
We were able to enter without the key.
I doubt that someone who wants to commit suicide
would leave the door open.
Of course, because someone could come in and stop him.
So...
The case is more complicated than it seemed.
Hello?
Very well, thank you.
The autopsy reveals that the poison was a lethal mixture
made with a pesticide.
And they also believe the mixture was made inside the bottle itself.
Well, it's a murder for sure.
If he had committed suicide, he would have put the poison in the glass, no?
It makes no sense to put it in the bottle.
They wanted to make it look like suicide.
So, if that's the case...
Yes, if that's the case, the murderer was very unintelligent.
The poison was easy to deduce
and, on top of that, he didn't even close the front door.
If Mr. Bando did not commit suicide, Mr. Amagi killed him?
I don't think Mr. Bando was the murderer either,
because the Amagi was stabbed with some kind of an awl, I understand.
And it sure wasn't his, was it?
An awl?
No.
It couldn't possibly have been his.
Yes, because Mr. Bando was afraid even of needles.
Anything with a sharp point scared him to death.
Just the sight of any tool or cutlery made him tremble.
Does this mean we have to rule out that he was carrying it in his pocket?
I'd say there's a killer X who killed them both.
"Yeah, that fits me more."
I would say that Killer X killed Mr. Amagi,
and subsequently poisoned Mr. Bando with a pesticide
because it looked like he committed suicide after committing the murder.
Yes.
You are right.
It must have gone like that.
Yes, sometimes there are cases that are disguised that way.
But perhaps they're not the most frequent, are they?
Oh!
I see you like mysteries, Mrs. Kamemitsu.
You have mystery books and magazines.
But they're a little out of date now.
And every collection is missing a few.
(Kogoro) She probably only buys the ones by her favorite writers.
Well, let's not lose sight of the case.
Now it's all about finding out who the murderer is.
(Kogoro) Mm?
(Door, open)
Inspector, Megure, the boss asked me to bring this to you.
We found it under the victim's sofa.
Just at that moment the cleaning lady arrived.
who worked for Mr. Bando arrived and confirmed that it didn't ring a bell.
No, it couldn't be Mr. Bando's.
It can't be Mr. Bando's, because he was not a smoker.
Besides, yesterday afternoon,
when I finished work and went home,
it wasn't there, this lighter, under the sofa.
If that is so, this lighter would be the confirmation...
that last night someone went to Mr. Bando's house.
Yes, it's true.
It's probably the killer's.
Hey, kid.
Doesn't this lighter look familiar?
Huh?
Yeah, it's Professor Chino's.
Professor Chino and Mr. Bando came by yesterday afternoon, didn't they?
Yes, and I remember I saw this lighter.
Not for nothing, but there's something here that doesn't sit right with me, Inspector.
Yes, it's very strange that they met in the afternoon in the cafeteria...
and met again in the evening, isn't it?
Where's the cleaning lady?
I told her to wait at Mr. Bando's house.
All right, let's go.
Ouch.
Does this mean the police suspect Professor Chino?
No, woman!
It can't be.
This lighter wasn't here when he left?
No, I'm sure it wasn't,
because just before I went home I dropped some coins.
Boy, it sure rolled away.
That's it now.
I got them all.
I took a good look under the sofa and I assure you it wasn't there.
That means it fell after you left.
Well, you can go now, sorry to keep you waiting.
Thank you.
Do you really suspect Professor Chino, Inspector?
At the moment, he can be considered a suspect...
because we've found a headquarters object at the scene of the crime.

And if he came to visit, it would be normal for him to bring a bottle of liquor.
Yes, to force Mr. Bando to drink.
My goodness, what fools they can be.
-You're a fool?
What about us?
-Eh?
Well, it's quite obvious that the Amagi's murderer...
wanted to make it look like it was Mr. Bando who had really killed her.
But it turns out that Professor Chino doesn't live here in the neighborhood,
so that means that he had no problem with the Amagi...
and therefore, obviously, he had no motive to kill him.
Mm...
Don't you agree?
Well, we don't need to jump the gun.
You are right, Professor Chino has no motive.
To kill Mr. Amagi, no, he's right.
And without motive he can't even be considered a suspect, right?
-It's the other way around!
-Of course not.
Eh?
Like the other way around?
Yes, I mean, the person Mr. Chino wanted to kill...
was Mr. Bando, and not the Amagi.
Since he wanted to make it look like a suicide so that no one would suspect him,
he created a serious motive to make it plausible that he had committed suicide.
So the professor took advantage of the fact that Mr. Bando had arranged to meet with him
to discuss the noise issue with Mr. Amagi, and killed him.
"He did it to make it look like Mr. Bando had done it."
"In this way, what he was doing was tying up all the loose ends."
So, if we take into account...
that Mr. Amagi was only killed to create a motive...
because it looked like Mr. Bando had committed suicide...
It is quite normal that we do not find any motive.
And what would be the professor's motive
for wanting to kill Mr. Bando in the first place?
It's a fundamental question.
That's a fundamental question.
Yes.
And we're back to where we started.
That's why I said before that it was silly.
What benefit could the professor get from killing his friend..,
if he didn't even take his money?
Of course he didn't!
That's it!
The money?
He did it all for money!
(Chiba) "Professor Chino was supposed to find
something of value in Mr. Bando's warehouse."
Once valuable he thought he should kill to keep it for himself.
But he said there was nothing valuable.
Maybe it was a lie.
You yourself thought it was strange.
I also find it strange that nothing was found.
In old houses there are usually some interesting antiques.
Hypothetically, only.
If we look at it that way, everything fits.
It remains to see if there is anything of value.
I'd say we can consider the case closed.
How funny!
It's a lot like the alphabetical order case, isn't it, this one?
Mm?
Mm?
Yes.
All three names have the initials in a row.
You're right, it's A, B and C.
As in the case of Agatha Christie's "Alphabetical Murders,"
by Agatha Christie.
The one where they kill people in alphabetical order of name.
My goodness!
This would mean that Professor Chino is about to be murdered!
Ah!
We must prevent it at all costs!
No, man, it can't be.
Can't it?
I don't know, but just in case...
I'm very sorry.
I see that the one who has said more nonsense is me.
Tell us.
What can I do for you?
Yes.
That's good.
Lucky you're alive.
What are you doing here?
En Mouri sent me to see how Mr. Chino was doing.
Excuse me, we'd like to talk to you...
about the murders of Mr. Amagi and Mr. Bando.
What?
That Mr. Bando has been murdered?
I didn't know him at all, Mr. Amagi,
and the last time I saw Mr. Bando was yesterday afternoon,
in the cafeteria.
Well, we found this.
I didn't go home at all.
Yes, it's my lighter, but I had lost it.
How could I want to take anything from your warehouse?
If there was nothing of value there.
You can check it out for yourselves.
Yes, we'll look into it,
but it could be that you already stole it when you did the appraisal.
And because you didn't want Mr. Bando to report it, you killed him.
And now, but... what a mania you have that I killed him.
I didn't do anything.
Last night I didn't leave the house!
-No, I was alone.
-Can anyone else confirm it?
I was working.

I had to evaluate some texts.
From the Young Writers Award.
Some texts about what?
From time to time, my university contacts...
would take me on as a judge for different mystery story contests.
When I was young I was the president
of the crime novel club of my faculty.
Another mystery expert?
In short, you don't have anyone who can corroborate your alibi, do you?
But if I don't have any financial problems.
Why would I want to steal anything?
We'll talk about it at the police station.
(Chino) Wait a minute!
No!
They must believe me!
Inspector, it seems to me that it doesn't quite fit you either,
that an expert in mystery stories like him would fail in details
as important as the poison in the bottle...
and the fact that the door was left open, right?
No, and I think he would have sought a solid alibi and he doesn't have one.
I agree.
I find that hard to believe, actually.
This means that Mr. Chino is not Killer X.
Well, someone wanted to pin the deaths on him.
Mr. Mouri!
No, not that.
In the end I came to check if Chino was okay.
And why do you say it can't be?
Because if there really was a murderer X
who has killed Mr. Amagi and Mr. Bando
and he wants us to think that it was Mr. Chino,
I'm sure he would have killed him too.
But then he would have made sure
it would have made it look like a suicide in a more convincing way
and closing the case without any further suspicion.
You're right, someone who has already killed two people?
wouldn't have been to kill a third to throw the police off the scent.
"Now that you mention it..."
In fact, there is something that makes me doubt.
That Professor Chino is alive,
is perhaps the most obvious proof that the murderer is him.
Yes, I hadn't thought of that.
Now I see it too.
"You're right, but..."
Come on, let's go home.
I think I've made too much of a mess.
I'm sure the police will get him to confess.
"Eh? But what if...?"
(People: whispers)
(People: whispers) -No, don't worry.
(People: whispers) - Hey!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Are you sure no one saw you?
Of course they haven't seen me.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get going.
Let's go. Let's go.
Ha!
That's enough.
"I am certain that Killer X has not killed Professor Chino,
precisely to charge him with the other two deaths."
Eh?
Yesterday afternoon?
The customers there were, let's see if I remember...
Mr. Fukuda and his family,
and Miss Ezaki with her friends.
Eh?
"So the person who found the Amagi's body?
"And the girl who pushed Mr. Bando harder to get him to talk
were also in the cafeteria...?"
"If so, killer X must be..."
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Because I knew perfectly well
that Mr. Bando had a phobia about sharp objects
and no one would believe that he had done it.
Can you tell me if Mr. Fukuda worked the night shift, today?
"Everything points to the other suspect."
Answer me!
What are you doing in front of my house?
Eating nothing?
Come over here!
Ah.
No nothing.
Goodbye!
If the name Yamiyo Dorosue rings a bell.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The mystery of the Beika crossover (part two)."

