(Shinichi voice) "Mr. Tatsuya Amagi turns up dead in his neighborhood,
where everyone had a great dislike for him."
"Mr. Hikoichi Bando,
"the president of the residents' association,
is the prime suspect in the case, but he also turns up murdered."
"Thanks to the testimony of Mrs. Toyoko Kamemitsu,
"Inspectors Takagi and Chiba deduce
"that the prime suspect in both crimes
is Professor Chino."
"Still..."
(Conan voice) Inspector, it doesn't seem to fit you either,
that an expert in mystery stories like him
such important details as the poison in the bottle and the fact that the door was left open.
and the fact of leaving the door open, right?
This means that Professor Chino is not the X killer.
Yes, someone wanted to pin the deaths on him.
Huh?
Yesterday afternoon?
The customers there were, let's see if I remember...
Ah, yes!
Mr. Fukuda and his family.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
And Miss Ezaki with friends.
"So the person who found the Amagi's body?
"And the girl who pushed Mr. Bando more to talk,
were also in the cafeteria?"
"If so, killer X must be..."
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"Who wants to kill whom? An unexpected killer in an unexpected place."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The Mystery of Beika's Crossing (Part Two)."
What?
Professor Chino, right?
He was judging a prize for young writers
of a magazine.
Ah, yes, crime novels, right?
He was reading a lot of stories.
Do you remember when he told you?
Yesterday afternoon, in the cafeteria?
Yes.
You could tell it was taking a lot of work, that.
I can only concentrate properly at night,
so I'll stay awake in my study this one, too.
(Shinichi, think) "If someone heard it,
maybe he took advantage of it to kill the other two that same night."
Excuse me, but why are you asking me?
(Conan voice) Mr. Mouri asked me to ask you.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Although I'm still not clear on the motive,
"Everything points to the fact that both Mr. Fukuda and Ms. Ezaki
could be our killer X."
"The first thing is to check their alibis."
"I have to start by investigating what he did
what discovered the body and alerted the police."
She got what she deserved.
Everyone hated her.
She was a bad person.
(Shinichi, think) "Mr. TAME Fukuda."
If I had killed Mr. Amagi, as you say,
and I wanted to make it look like Mr. Bando did it,
I would never have used an awl!
Because I knew perfectly well
that Mr. Bando had a phobia about sharp objects,
and no one would believe he had done it.
-So...
-Of course...
-Mm!
-Oh!
He did it expressly!
As he knew that the interrogaríem,
he thought it would be very convincing
to say that he already knew that Mr. Bando was afraid of sharp objects
and that for this reason he would not have used an awl to kill.
-Exactly.
-Right, professor?
In case you haven't noticed, that's precisely what he just did.
What?!
Yes, he told us that to throw us off the scent.
If everything I say is meant to mislead you, we'll never finish!
It looks like he's starting to give in, we're on the right track.
Yes, I would say so.
Now we'll be able to deduce everything right away.
Hello, excuse me!

Can you tell me if Mr. Fukuda has worked the night shift today?
Mm...
(Shinichi, thinks) "That's how hard he had it, to kill them."
"Everything points to the other suspect."
Who would have thought,
that this man would do such a good service to the whole community.
We neighbors didn't know what to do anymore, with the Amagi hooligan.
He's done us a good turn by taking him off our hands.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Besides, it was her, too,
the one who put the most pressure on Bando to do something."
"Come to think of it..."
(Conan voice) Nothing else, I just wanted to know....
if Miss Ezaki studies at Haido University.
Thank you very much.
(Shinichi, think) "The Chinese professor taught history."
"We already have a possible connection."
Maybe the Ezaki and Chino have had some trouble, and she..."
Hey, you!
May I know why you are waiting for me?
Answer me!
(Conan's voice) Aaa, aaa...
Aaa... nothing.
Good bye!
What are you doing in front of my house?!
What do you mean, nothing?
Come here!
Come here!
(Shinichi, thinks) "If he's like this,
he doesn't want me to find out anything."
What's he going to do with these volumes, Toyoko?
-But they were taken away this morning.
-Ah, I'll take them home.
Yes, but now I prefer to keep them there.
Oh, you do?
And why is that?
Well, I'll take the opportunity to take them now, since I see that there aren't many people.
For me they are worth more than money.
Goodbye, see you later!
(Shinichi voice) "Worth more than money," he said?
(Conan voice) Yes, he has a lot of outdated mystery books.
(Man) Surely he only buys favorite writers, man.
(Shinichi voice) Which authors does Mrs. Kamemitsu like the most?
I saw that one book was "The Mysterious World" from May.
But she didn't stand out for anything in particular, this one.
Ah!
The "Labyrinths" came out in January this year.
I've seen this one, the one about "The Mysterious World"....
(thinks) "Yes, it's the same one."
"Both of them he wrote at Yamiyo Dorosue."
"And they were both the shelves in the cafeteria."
(Mouri voice) Hello?
Hello, this is Detective Mouri.
May I make a request?
I'd like to send someone to do a check.
(Conan voice) The plot's a little hard to follow, isn't it?
It's an impossible case, and the description of the killer is not at all credible.
It's very strange that he never likes to get into trouble,
and all of a sudden he feels compelled to commit murder.
In addition, this plot to get rid of the evidence and the weapon is not at all
and the gun is not at all plausible.
You are right, if someone were capable of inventing something like that it would be horrifying.
Mr. Mouri told me to come to you to ask you
if the name Yamiyo Dorosue rings a bell.
Yamiyo Dorosue?
Oh!
He's the author of a story called "The Gun That Melted".
Ah, you do know him!
It's really bad.
Mr. Mouri told me that the case doesn't end up
like the one in "Murders in alphabetical order",
because the D does not indicate another victim,
but corresponds to the murderer: Yamiyo Dorosue.
And the professor just said that he is a person you know, right?
Oh!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I thought so."
"Now I've really hit all the ends."
Ah, so you like mysteries too?
Yes, that's why I thought it would be a good idea to come and discuss...
all the ones in the case with you, if you don't mind.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
And now!
You flatter me.
Mm!
All right, and what do you want to comment?
What's up... Conan, your name is right?,
is that maybe it's a little late, to think about it,
because the culprit of the two murders is Professor Chino.
No, I think that the real culprit, the murderer X,
wanted to take the blame, but he's actually innocent.
Mm... And don't you find this very strange?
That he wants to take the blame?
If so, it would be that he wants to hurt him for some reason.
Then why didn't he kill him like the other two?
Woman, because the murderer likes it much better that way.
But why?
Because I would say he has a special hatred for him, for Professor Chino.
That's why he doesn't want him to die a quick death
like Mr. Amagi and Mr. Bando.

Killer X wants Professor Chino
to suffer something worse than death, even.
Like being put in jail for something you didn't do?
Yes, and if we consider this possibility,
it seems much more logical that he didn't kill Chino, don't you think?
I see what you mean.
It makes some sense, yes.
Well, now it's my turn.
If we have to look for a murderer X, we have only two possibilities.
I've also come to this conclusion: there are two suspects.
Because it has to be someone who knew that Professor Chino
had no way of confirming his alibi from last night.
Who knew he was alone, and who could have stolen the lighter from him just yesterday.
I'm on the right track, let's see...
So far, so good.
"Therefore, the suspicious person is someone...
"who was in the cafeteria at the same time as the professor
and who sensed their conversation."
"Yes, I have already asked the Koyuki who was, yesterday, at your place;
and I think the main suspect is Mr. Fukuda."
Yes, Mr. Fukuda was very angry...
at the way Mr. Amagi treated them.
And he was also angry with Mr. Bando..,
because he felt that he had done nothing to solve the problem.
This could be a motive, right?
Yes, but Mr. Fukuda couldn't possibly have killed anyone..,
last night.
You're right!
Because he usually works the night shift.
That's right.
That's why we moved on to the other suspect...
"Miss Ezaki?"
I found out that she studies at Haido University.
Therefore, it could be that she knew Professor Chino...
and has a grudge against him.
But we can't be sure it was her either.
Well, then, if it wasn't Mr. Fukuda, who was it?
Not him, but there were many other people in your cafeteria yesterday.
Ah!
"Do you mean Mr. Fukuda's wife
or Miss Ezaki's friends, for example?"
Yes, for example.
But neither should we limit ourselves to just customers and that's enough.
Oh, and now!
"Don't tell me that...? You suspect the Koyuki?"
Let's see, it's a possibility.
"But I am sure that the person who killed Mr. Amagi.
"And Mr. Bando
and who tried to blame Professor Chino is someone else."
The X murderer we are looking for is....
Could be.
Killer X we are looking for is...
Eh?
(Ezaki) Hello!
Isn't the cafeteria open?
Hello, Miss Ezaki.
It's just that we were on our way, and seeing you here...
-Yes, oh, so much!
-What's not open today?
There is Koyuki, now, attending.
-Ah, what does it say?
-But, something, isn't this boy...?
Please, please, don't tell the Ruriko that you saw me with him.
May I know why not?
What's wrong?
No harm, don't worry.
I prefer not to tell him and that's it.
Come on, let's go!
I'd say she has nothing to do with the case.
I already thought so, that this girl was hiding something.
Well, but now we've seen what it was and that, therefore, she's innocent.
We start to have few options left.
Let's see, the murderer X first killed Mr. Amagi...
and then Mr. Bando,
but above all he wanted to punish Professor Chino.
But in order to blame him, he had a fundamental problem...
What was it?
That the professor had no motive to kill either of the two victims.
And if there was no motive, there was no way to be sure...
that the police would buy that he was the killer.
But then Killer X discovered
that the professor was supposed to appraise some objects belonging to Mr. Bando
and wanted to take advantage of it, especially when he heard him say...
I can only concentrate well at night,
so I'll spend this one awake in my study, too.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"When Professor Chino got lost,
the killer switched the lighter with a similar one."
He had it all figured out to act
the day Professor Chino was alone
and no one could provide him with an alibi.
"He called the Amagi to stay with him in the park at dusk."
Eh?
May I know who you are?
Ah!
Ah...
"And killed him mercilessly."
Then...
Oh!
Oh...
Aaah...!
"He went to Mr. Bando's house,
and put pesticide on the liquor bottle."

"And in left the boat together, and the awl dirty with blood,
because it looked like he'd done it himself."
"Then he left the professor's lighter on the floor in the living room,
"And he went to get a card with the name of en Bando on it,
"the one from the hospital itself,
to be able to leave next to the body of the Amagi."
Then it was only necessary for someone to find the body.
He knew that the police, naturally,
would suspect Mr. Bando because of the hospital card.
You will forgive me, but I don't think it was him.
Mr. Bando would never have done anything like that, I'm sure.
"That's why he's presented himself as a good source of innocent information."
Hey, kid, doesn't this lighter look familiar?
Huh?
Yeah, from Professor Chino.
"He made it look good to blame the teacher."
My goodness, what fools they can be!
-Dumb?
What about us?
-Eh?!
"He provoked the inspectors as he had written in the script."
-It will be the other way around!
-Of course not!
You made them believe that Mr. Bando's warehouse
perhaps there was something of value,
and that the professor had killed it in order to keep it for himself
without anyone suspecting him.
I still think that the murderer resented Mr. Amagi,
because he bothered the whole neighborhood,
and also with Mr. Bando, because he did nothing for the neighbors.
Yes, surely they both had their faults,
but this is no reason to kill anyone.
I find you have made some very accurate deductions, so far, Conan.
But the mystery remains unsolved.
What really is X's motive
that led him to kill Professor Chino?
Well, X himself has left a clue for us to find out.
The golden rule of any good mystery story
is to leave all the necessary clues
so that it can be solved without having to invent.
That's why today X had us go to the cafeteria.
"And he showed us the books that are the key to the whole plot."
They were the volumes of mystery
that X had brought expressly to the cafeteria just this morning,
because inside each book was the ultimate clue.
What is it, this clue?
Ah!
Yamiyo Dorosue.
"The author of some of the books we've seen in the cafeteria."
What a pity that the police did not realize
what a great clue these books were to solving the case.
It had slipped my mind, too.
"But I learned that in Yamiyo Dorosue had presented.
"The Young Mystery Writers Award,
but it had been eliminated from the contest, and I was curious."
I called the publisher to ask what had happened.
"There I made the connection between the three cases."
"The judge for the award was Professor Chino."
That's right.
On Yosuke Chino.
"Murderer X, who was very angry at Professor Chino
"and who killed the two other men
"Because he wanted to be charged with double murder because he was suffering...,
it must have been at Yamiyo Dorosue."
When I deduced it,
I went to confirm everything with the professor and it's like this.
In Yamiyo Dorosue, after killing Mr. Amagi and Mr. Bando,
I wanted to put the blame on the teacher, because...
in Yamiyo Dorosue...
is the Toyoko Kamemitsu.
It's you, isn't it?
It all comes from the day Professor Chino commented on your novel.
Yes, I remember perfectly.
Of all the works that have been submitted,
there's one that stands out precisely because it's bad.
It's called "The Gun That Melted".
It's so awful!
-It doesn't hold up.
-Ah, yes?
And why is that?
Let's see what you think, Mrs. Kamemitsu.
You criticized her cruelly.
And besides having such a weak argument,
the author's name makes you laugh: Yamiyo Dorosue, "Final Dark Night"!
Anyone who uses such a pseudonym can't be someone who knows anything.
that it can't be someone who knows anything about mystery!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha!
It's not that s'enrigués of the name, only;
I was denying my ability to write.
That's why...
"... I killed the Amagi, who was a nuisance to everyone in the neighborhood."
"And then, I killed in Bando,
"Because it allowed me to build the whole framework
to send Chino to prison for murder."
You're right that what they had done were not so serious things....,

but it was the only way to get my whole plot out,
and it was a good crime novel.
Eh?
All right, Conan.
Thank you so much for solving the mystery, really.
Well, I don't have any proof, yet.
It's just my deductions.
Oh, come on, man!
In real mystery novels,
what really counts is getting to solve the case,
you can skip all the details and evidence.
"Alphabetical murders" was also a clue, wasn't it?
In Agatha Christie's novel
the story doesn't end at the letter C.
There is also another letter, D.
But in this case the missing D
was a clue to find the culprit of the two murders.
You can tell that her passion is mystery stories,
Mrs. Kamemitsu.
But with this one you have gone too far.
You wanted to go from fiction to reality,
with the fatal implication for three people.
As much a lover of mystery literature as you are, it's very serious.
As much as I have respected
all the rules of a good mystery story,
what he's done is unforgivable.
Yes, you're absolutely right, it is unforgivable.
I regret it.
(Tires: iii)
What's the matter, boy?
I came running.
Well, it's just that I should take the killer to the police station.
(Tires: iii) Eh?
What do you say now?
I don't like it at all, the whole part about the evidence and the details.
But the police need it, and I kept this specifically.
These are the purchase tickets for the murder weapons.
Yes, one is from the punch I bought to kill the Amagi,
and the other you can see is from the pesticide
I used to poison Mr. Bando.
But...?
Eh ?!
Yes, Mr. Mouri.
What, are you accompanying him?
(Takagi) What?!
It can't be!
That Mrs. Kamemitsu is the one who killed the two men?!
And all to accuse Professor Chino?
And on top of that just because he had enrigut of one of his writings?
Oh..., ah...!
Oh... It's not that I really like to have to lecture an old lady,
but killing a person is unforgivable.
Yes, I know, killing is unforgivable.
I am sorry.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Did you get a chance to read what it was about, "The Gun That Melted"?
Yes, it goes... about a murder in a locked room.
"The victim is sleeping inside,
"but the killer manages to get a slug coated with poison
through the half-open door."
"The slug slowly approaches the sleeping person.
"And when it manages to touch the skin,
"The poison acts quickly and kills it in a few minutes,
but causing a lot of pain."
"The key to the case is that the slug, which is the murder weapon,
in contact with the salt of the victim's sweat, melts and disappears."
So the case can't be solved in any way.
Mm... But I don't get it: how can you be sure, the murderer,
that the slug will go to the sleeping person?
Or even worse:
how can it be that the slug is coated with poison and does not die?
How can it not?
All this is not explained in the manuscript.
Come on!
This is not a mystery, it's science fiction!
But it might be fun
to think what all the missing details of the story would be like, right?
Ah, me?
Now that's a mystery!
How would you finish it, you, this case?
-It's them!
- (boy) Stop it, okay?
Ah, I put a little kerosene to make them stronger.
I-I-I've had... a nightmare.
(Both) Oh!
At the moment, we'd like to ask you a few questions...
about Miss Yamakura in private, please.
(All three) Come on!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The Fateful Mountain Road".

