Let's all go hiking in the mountains...
How nice!
-Hey?
Wow, look.
Did you see that?
There's someone climbing.
And look down at the river.
There's someone kayaking down it.
-Don't touch them.
How beautiful...
They are protected plants of the natural park and you can't take them.
-Come on, let's keep walking, right? -Okay.
-All right.
Didn't you want to take a panoramic picture of the surroundings
to use it for the science project?
-Yes.
-Well, come on, let's go.
(Man) Stop it, okay?
That's them.
The ones we've seen kayaking and climbing before.
You always come late and we have to take care of the food and everything.
What are you complaining so much about?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
If the Eiko said she'd do it, the dinner.
Of course she will.
If it's necessary, I'll do it, nothing happens.
Yeah, but it's not that.
The TAKEMS has a nose that is stepped on.
Come on, that's enough, eh?
Let's keep the party in peace.
I'm not going to keep quiet.
She's selfish, she only thinks about herself,
and that always makes us all go wrong.
Yes, of course, and in this "everyone" you also include Motoki, right?
Eh?
It's not true, that was an accident.
He doesn't pretend.
I know you all think that what happened 3 years ago is my fault!
"(Think) What happened 3 years ago?
Wait, TAKEMS.
Don't take it like that.
I didn't do what I was supposed to do either, I'm sorry.
Eh?
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"What should have been a quiet day on the mountain,
"is waged by a group of ill-matched climbers."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetaetai nda.

"The fateful mountain route."
It seems that today... this girl will sleep down here.
This group doesn't look very well matched, does it?
Xxxt.
Don't yell so loud.
It's none of our business, man.
-Oh!
- (Taro) I'm really sorry.
Sorry for the show we made earlier.
Hey, what's that you said happened 3 years ago?
What's that?
Well...
I'll tell you.
We're from a mountain group.
And three years ago,
one of the group members had an accident and got killed.
Because of her.
TAKEMS went on its own.
Aaaah!
"In Motoki wanted to go looking for her and fell off a cliff."
In Motoki and I had been friends since we were kids
and we had gone climbing together a lot of times.
We had a lot of challenges ahead of us.
But, because of TAKEMS, it all went down the drain!
We have come... to remember him 3 years after his death.
(Gas: ssssh)
(Gas: ssssh) Oh!
(Gas: ssssh) -Eh.
I already know that.
-But what's this feel like? -It's a weather balloon, isn't it?
It's a weather balloon, right?
That's right.
I'm going to take it up into the stratosphere
to collect data and do a weather survey.
You work at a weather station, then?
That's right.
I have to launch balloon probes for 10 days to conduct a study.
See?
I've got them all here.
What's that smell you smell?
Ah, I put a little kerosene in them to make them stronger.
-It's huge.
-That's it.
We could use it to fly and everything, couldn't we?
I'm sure we'd get to the top in a jiffy.
What a silly thing to say!
A weather balloon of this kind can only carry a weight of 5.6 kilos.
Up we go.
Ooh! (snoring)
(snoring)
This nano won't stand still.
Eh? (snoring)
He's not here, I tell you.
If you want, I can call him.
Let her be, let her do what she wants.
Yes, but...
Excuse me, did we wake you up?
Mm-hm.
How are you all yeast?
(Eiko) Hello, TAKEMS.
(Eiko) It's me.
Was it at that time, the accident?

(TAKEMS) "You woke me up, just as I was going back to sleep."
"I have already done so. I've already said my prayers for him."
Where is the boy from before?
He said he was going to the mountain for a while to collect more data.
What's wrong, Ayumi?
What's wrong, Ayumi?
Why are you crying?
I just had... a nightmare.
What's wrong?
Come on, don't cry, it's all right.
I know a way to get you back to sleep right away.
Having had breakfast we'll leave right away straight to the top.
(Genta: cries)
Eh?
Aah... aah...
L-look down there.
What is it, Genta?
The TAKEMS is lying on the floor!
(Thinking) "Five-five o'clock."
Where are you going, Conan?
(Taro) It's over there!
"Three-thirty."
TAKEMS!
She's dead, sorry.
See this here.
You know what it is?
Oh!
What are you talking about?
I-It can't be!
Oh!
Of course we know, it's a good compass.
Yeah, that's right.
Hm.
TAKEMS!
How can it be!?
What happened to it?
(cries)
How strong!
Now you have a drone and everything?
Yes, as the research is in the mountains,
we thought it would be good for us.
(Genta) Well, it's amazing.
I understand that the three of you are from the mountain group
that Miss TAKEMS Yamakura was with, right?
Yes.
A while ago, my men found a backpack in the forest,
about 3 kilometers from here, more or less.
Could you confirm if it belonged to Miss Yamakura?
They found a backpack in the forest?
I can confirm that it is hers.
We were thinking about it.
There was a knife, which could be the murder weapon, and an empty purse.
So, she was killed to steal the money.
What's the meaning of this?
That you suspect that someone has come to rob the mountain and fled?
Actually, I'd say she didn't run away.
We've spoken to the park rangers and they've assured us
that you have not moved from your cabin since yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock.
They told us that they haven't seen anyone leave the park all night.
Eh?
What does that mean?
Well, it could mean that the culprit might have left the backpack in the woods
to make it look like the murderer was someone who came from outside.
If I have not misunderstood,
what you mean is that we are the suspects?
What nonsense!
This is impossible, man!
Why is it impossible?
Because TAKEMS at 3 a.m. was alive.
Yes.
And this child has felt it.
We were all awake and we saw how the Eiko called him on the phone.
And we found her dead at 3:00 a.m.
And we found her dead at 5 o'clock in the morning.
Therefore, the murderer only had two hours in between.
And to make the walk from the shelter to where she was...
it takes at least 40 to 50 minutes.
It took us 40 minutes in the current.
Well...
So, if the killer first killed the TAKEMS...
and then went into the woods to drop off the backpack..,
about 3 kilometers from here, we have to add about 30 or 40 minutes more.
Yes, and we must also take into account that to make the way up....
although it takes longer.
If we add it all up it comes out to a minimum of 120 minutes.
There is no way it could have been any of them.
Besides, Tokunori and his companions slept with us.
Yes, the Eiko has slept next to me all the time.
Yes, it is true, the Eiko and I could not have been.
But, on the other hand, in Taro I was not.
Because it was on the other side of the mountain, collecting data.
Very well, understood.
At the moment, we would like to ask you some questions...
about Miss Yamakura in private, please.
(Genta) Gee, can you imagine that it was one of them?
(Ayumi) Eiko sure didn't, we slept together all night.
(Mitsuhiko) But yesterday we saw them arguing.
I think that the Junior Detective League
should open an investigation right now.
(Mitsuhiko) Let's go!
Eh?
If it finally turns out that the killer is one of the three of them,
it means he left the shelter, went to the crime scene,
then went into the woods to drop off the backpack, and then came back here,
and all in two hours.
By the way we've already seen that it's impossible.
But what if he climbed up and down the wall?
-Yes.

-Do you climb the wall?
Yesterday, when they were climbing, they got there before us.
So one of them would have had plenty of time to do it.
We saw Eiko do it, but we don't know if the others could do it too.
No, this wall is 50 meters.
You have to be an expert climber to go down and up it in 2 hours.
Of course, it's impossible.
-By river?
-What if he went down the river?
Exactly, yesterday we saw Tokunori with a kayak.
There is a possibility that he would have done a part of the route following the river
and then he would have gained a lot of time.
You are right, it would be a kind of shortcut to the store.
Yes, to go maybe yes, but what about to come back?
You can't go upstream against the current,
and it would have taken him a long time to put the kayak and all the fishing away.
-Ah... I got it.
I got it.
-It can't be, it's true.
The killer flew away.
He took a balloon.
A balloon?
Yes, that's easy;
you fly like a bird to the store and to the forest, and back.
Man, I understand that the currents here go from south to north,
so with a balloon you could get there...
But there is a problem.
One of these balloons can only carry 5 or 6 kg, it can't carry a person.
I know, but if you get a few of them together, maybe they could hold it.
What do you say, Conan?
In Taro Hayashida said he had carried 10 to do his project.
So now he should have 9.
I would say that, even if he used all of them,
he wouldn't get them to hold his weight.
(Mitsuhiko) You are right.
(Mitsuhiko) It's very complicated, this case.
(Genta) And I'm starting to starve.
(Mitsuhiko) "It's moved out of place."
Is there blood?
There's a mark.
Hm?
And up here too.
(Hey, Conan!
Let's see...
What are you doing here?
I'll tell you now, wait.
What's this?
It's from a thistle.
Hey.
Come here.
It seems to me that they have discovered something.
What's that?
-That's right.
-What's it say?
One of the balloons?
We located it in the forest with the drone.
In fact, it was very close to where we found the TAKEMS backpack.
It must have been hit by a tree branch and torn.
If it's a balloon it means the killer can't be anyone but you.
But what t'empatolles, now?
You've used the balloons to carry the backpack in the forest.
-But-but how can you say that!?
-Come on, confess it.
At 3 o'clock you told us that you were going to make an observation
and you took one of the balloons.
Who's to say it wasn't to go down there, to the tent,
and kill the TAKEMS.
Then you attached the backpack to the balloon and flew it into the forest.
So it wasn't necessary for you to go
and this explains why you were able to go back and forth in two hours.
Fortunately, the balloon hit a tree and gave you away.
You are wrong.
I can prove that the observations were made elsewhere,
because I have all the notes.
The data can be made up or can be from another day.
Besides, the compass that we found next to the corpse was the one
the one that Motoki gave you a few days before the accident.
You knew it as well as I did when we saw it, and you didn't say anything.
Why didn't you say anything?
Because I didn't want anyone to suspect me.
You liar!
You made it look like it wasn't yours in order to disguise it, because you killed her!
Inspector.
Among Mr. Hayashida's belongings was this.
What is it?
It's a device to make observations, it's attached to the balloons.
But I usually carry it in my backpack.
Ah.
I see there are traces of blood.
Blood that could very well be the victim's.
I assure you I didn't do anything.
Oh, it looks like everything points to him being the killer.
A balloon, kerosene, that thistle...
There is something that does not t'encaixa, right?
Eh?
(Squeals)
Oh!
"It could be..."
Hello, Takagi.
Stop here.
I knew it!
"I don't have any doubts anymore."
It really wasn't me, it's a misunderstanding.
I'm not a murderer!
(Agasa voice) One moment, Megure...
Hey, what are you doing?
You wanted to tell me something, Dr. Agasa?
Well, yes, it's just that there are a number of things that keep me awake at night.
For example, Mr. Hayashida,
last night you took a shower and washed your hands, right?
Did you?
Yes.

Yes, it is true, yes.
You come here yourself.
That's why your hands don't smell of kerosene.
Kerosene?
You told us you put it in balloons to make them stronger.
If you'd caught one this morning,
your hands would still smell like kerosene.
You might as well have washed them this morning, right?
If he was the killer, we know he would have had two hours to get there and back.
I don't think he would have had time, frankly.
Hm?
So, you mean the killer is someone else?
Before we find out,
I'd like you to come with me to look at something, please.
That's it.
See?
This wood can be removed very easily.
And another thing.
Inspector Takagi, could you confirm...
how many weather balloons are in that box?
Right away.
You only have 3 left.
Mr. Hayashida.
Hayashida, how many balloons do you estimate you should have left right now?
Well, 9.
There are 6 that are missing, then.
Therefore, we can deduce that the killer has made them serve a purpose.
Now, wait a minute, where are you going with all this?
I think the murderer, before 3:00 a.m.,
when everyone was already going to sleep,
"He has left the shelter without being seen
and has prepared the 6 balloons."
(Genta) "You mean?"
"Because, when they inflate, the machine makes a lot of noise, eh?"
"(Agasa) That's why he has gone at a certain distance so that it was not felt."
We have already found traces and we know the place where it has been.
After 3 o'clock in the morning,
when everyone had said the prayer for Motoki
and then went back to bed, the killer came out again.
"He took the six balloons he had already prepared, tied them to the body
tied them to the body and jumped off the cliff."
What do you mean he jumped?
Do you see it as if he flew?
It can't be.
It is impossible for someone to fly with 6 balloons, it has been proven.
It is true.
Precisely here is the key to the whole scheme.
Because with 6 balloons you can't fly,
but it's enough to slow down the speed of a fall.
Like when birds open their wings to glide and get where they want to go.
"The killer has jumped down the cliff with the help of the balloons."
"That's why he's had enough time
to get to and from the tent in such a short time."
Hahaha!
No one would do something so reckless, let alone at night.
Take a good look at this.
It's a picture of one of the rocks on the cliff.
If you look closely,
the tips of the feet are looking towards the void and not towards the wall.
Let's see, wait a minute.
If he was carrying 6 balloons, he must have been someone light, not too heavy.
-Exactly.
-Oh!
That's why I deduced that the murderer must be Miss Ikeguchi.
Do you think the murderer is me?
(Ayumi) No!
She can't be any way!
You bet.
When she finally managed to get downstairs with the 6 balloons,
to carry out her plan she released 5,
"They've flown away pushed by the wind and have gone to the lake and to the north;
I doubt we'll ever find them."
"But what's left has emptied it of gas,
"tore it up and kept it for himself."
"Then the TAKEMS died," he said,
"He left the compass in Motoki
"And he went north with the victim's backpack
and his purse."
"When he arrived about 3 kilometers into the forest,
he left the backpack behind, along with the torn and deflated balloon."
"Then he came back and took out the observation device,
stained it with the blood of the TAKEMS and put it back in the backpack."
Not true, that.
Seriously.
It really wasn't me.
Well, your hands still smell like kerosene.
Do they?
And, if we analyze how it all went down,
we come to the conclusion that what happened makes a lot of sense.
Yes.
Makes sense?
"The argument yesterday, the call to TAKEMS in the wee hours of the morning..."
It was all calculated to make her go to sleep
with the tent under the cliff.
And with the call you make sure everyone knew that at 3 o'clock she was alive.
No parents to talk nonsense!
In case you don't remember, I slept all night next to Ayumi.
This was also very well calculated.
"It was all planned so that the Ayumi would serve as your alibi."
-Of course not!
-Is it true?
Stop it.
I didn't do anything!
But I didn't even go to the forest!
Well, I found this.
It's from an unusual kind of thistle.

In this area only some colony is found inside the forest.
And earlier we found it in Ayumi's pants.
You must have passed it to her when you came back from the forest.
Eh?
And this fully confirms our theory,
because it proves that you went to the forest.
You left your backpack and then came straight here.
All you had to do was follow the path until you reached the shelter,
but if you'd come that way, you could have left a trail.
And you decided to climb up the wall as you had done in the afternoon.
"But because you had to go so fast,
you fell towards the end and hurt yourself."
It's true that there is blood.
Check it out.
I'll do it right away.
Excuse me.
This mark is from the balloon string.
Eiko, why did you do it?
Because Motoki and I loved each other on the sly.
And I could not forgive.
I couldn't forgive her that, because of her,
I went out that day to look for her and fell off the cliff.
And you've spent three years planning the murder
and studying how you could take advantage of the trial balloons to carry it out?
But why did you want to accuse Taro?
I don't understand that.
Because he knew it.
You knew, that we loved each other.
And you were jealous.
Oh.
That's why, even though you knew he was approaching a dangerous wall,
you didn't tell him, you didn't warn him.
(Cries)
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Genta) Va, we take a souvenir photo of the excursion.
-Yes!
-You're all ready, aren't you?
-What?
-Mitsuhiko, you do it.
Hey, it's not right, I want to go out too.
-I want to go out too.
-Here, you do it, Ayumi.
Here, Conan, thank you.
Now I have to do it?
Apa, it's my turn.
(Ayumi) Inspector Takagi...
Since you helped us solve the case, the photo will be taken by the drone.
Ready?
SIII...
Walking alone in the street at night is dangerous.
(Shouting)
Hey, Kogoro.
If you come closer you will notice a strange smell
mixed with the smell of alcohol;
a bit like pepper.
Gee, this wall is so shiny it looks exactly like a mirror.
Yes, it does.
And that's because it has a coating against ultraviolet rays.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Security System Trap'."

