You don't need to worry about anything, Miss Miyoshi.
The great detective Kogoro Mouri will take care of everything.
I will find out who is the thief who broke into your house.
I wouldn't believe it myself.
You are in good hands.
I have full confidence in you, Mr. Mouri.
The other day they also robbed
a jewelry store near the station the other day.
It looks like a plague, that's what it is.
That's why I'm so scared.
Ahem...
If it will make you feel safe, I can spend the night at your place.
-No, that won't be necessary, really.
-What do you say?
Luckily, my boyfriend said he'll be staying.
Oh, well...
Your boyfriend, you say?
I'm calmer.
Please, Mr. Mouri, catch this thief as soon as possible...
so that everything goes back to normal.
Of course I will.
I'll do it with pleasure.
"What a disappointment he got..."
I saw that you had a bug in your head and I pulled it out.
"What did you hear?"
(Junko) Well, thank you very much for walking me home.
-You're welcome, woman.
-You've really done me a big favor.
Walking alone in the street at night is dangerous.
-What was that?
- (man: terrifying scream)
I thought it was coming from the parking lot.
Did anything happen to you?
-Mm?
-Look... my-look...
Mr... Mr. Mouri!
What happened?
Please don't come any closer.
Call the police immediately.
All right...
Mr. Kitagami!
Do you know him, the man?
Who?
Yes, of course.
From the apartment next door to my house.
Mr. Mouri, how's Mr. Kitagami?
I'd say there's nothing to do.
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"While talking about how to avoid robberies, the neighbor falls and kills himself."
"But it's all very suspicious."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The trap of the security system."
(Takagi) The victim is Mr. Naotsugu Kitagami, 32 years old.
He worked at a company in the neighborhood and lived on the 704th floor of the building.
The probable cause of death is a concussion caused by blunt force trauma to the brain.
caused by blunt trauma to the head.
He has scratches on the front of his body, so most likely....
Is that he fell off his floor accidentally.
Mr. Mouri...
Considering that he smells of alcohol, it wouldn't be so strange either.
I think he got drunk, went out on the terrace,
slipped and fell over.
Hey, Kogoro...
If you come closer you'll notice a strange smell
mixed with the smell of alcohol.
A bit like pepper.
Never mind that.
Come on, go with Miss Miyoshi.
One question.
All right, that girl with you.
That girl who was with you, who is she?
No, no, inspector.
She's a customer, don't get the wrong idea, now.
I didn't say anything, I was just asking.
In fact, she's one of the victims...
the robberies that have been going on in the neighborhood the last few weeks.
We'd arranged to talk, he wanted me to look into it,
and when I was leaving, we found the body.
And it turned out that the girl lives right next door to Mr. Kitagami.
What a coincidence...
We should go up and inspect the victim's apartment.
Yes, you're right.
Go find the building's doorman and ask him to open the door for us.
Inspector Chiba.
We understand.
All right, I'll be right back.
We're going up to the victim's floor.
Here we are.
This is the one.
Caram.
He's got a surveillance camera.
And he also has an alarm from a security company.
Everything seems to indicate that he was a very cautious man, right?
- (man) Wow...
-(man) Yes.
I see he hadn't locked up.
What's wrong?
(man) What?

So many security measures and you leave your front door open?
The security system is not connected and, as far as I can see, the house keys are hanging here,
your house keys are hanging here.
Look, inspector.
Well...
Everything seems to indicate that the victim had been drinking, and hard.
He must have been pretty drunk.
- (Chiba) Inspector Megure.
- (sliding door, open)
There's also a bottle of liquor on the terrace.
So everything went as I thought it would, huh?
But why did the victim go out to the terrace?
Why did he go out on the terrace?
I would say that most probably
he wanted to go outside to get some fresh air.
"And then he slipped on the liquor bottle, lost his balance,
fell over the railing..."
(Takagi) He fell over the railing and was killed.
(Takagi) That would explain everything.
(Takagi) Very well.
Takagi, Chiba, split up and start investigating.
We need to talk to the neighbors, in case anyone saw anything.
Okay, Inspector.
Thank you for your cooperation.
(Intercom: male) "Yes?"
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I'm from the police and we're investigating a case.
- (Intercom: man) "Wait a moment."
-May I ask you a few questions?
Sorry to bother you.
Inspector Takagi.
A while ago I heard a loud noise in the parking lot.
What happened?
Do you know Mr. Naotsugu Kitagami, from the 704th floor of this very building?
Yes, but only by sight.
Well, I'm sorry to inform you
that some pedestrians found him dead in the parking lot a while ago.
-Have you seen anything or do you know anything?
-What?
Are you serious?
I stayed at home all day today, I didn't go out.
-All right, then.
-I don't remember hearing anything strange.
Excuse me, could you tell me if you've been burgled?
Oh, my... But... Where do you come from, you, now?
What?
Wh-who is this guy?
Eh?
Well... it's that....
It's just that I noticed some scratches on the lock of the door,
so I thought maybe he'd been burglarized.
What?
Some scratches, you mean?
That's true.
I don't know, maybe it was a bad joke.
I haven't noticed that anything is missing.
I recommend that you double-check everything.
And if you see anything suspicious, let us know.
Listen.
Could you show me the terrace of your apartment, please?
Can we have a... look around?
What, do you see anything?
No, nothing out of the ordinary.
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
What are you doing, Conan?
Aw, come on.
What's the matter with you?
It's just that I should... go to the bathroom.
I've been holding it in for a long time.
Now?
Excuse me, can you use the washroom for a moment?
We understand.
Go ahead.
No need to come with me, I'll go by myself.
Conan, here we are.
What's the matter?
Sorry, I was thinking about something.
Inspector Megure, that's it, we've already talked to the neighbors.
What... what are they doing?
What's wrong?
-What? -What?
Is it true?
-Yes, we found the culprit. -Yes, we found the culprit.
But it wasn't an accidental fall?
Yes, of course.
Now we turn to another matter.
See this necklace?
It happens to belong to Miss Miyoshi.
My boyfriend bought it for me on a trip abroad,
I'm sure this is it.
And what exactly... what exactly does it mean?
Well, it's very simple, that we found it in this apartment.
What's that?
So, this means that...
Yes, that the thief who has perpetrated robberies in this area...
lived in this apartment.
And it turns out that today he got drunk, fell down and killed himself.
Mr. Naotsugu Kitagami was the thief.
Inspector Takagi, how did the neighbors' interrogation go?
Not really.
Did you get anything?
Understood.
We didn't get any useful information.
So, as Mr. Mouri said,
the victim got drunk and fell accidentally.
"Of course. Now I understand."
"And it's not a case of accidental death by any stretch of the imagination."
As for the robbery and the stolen items,
the relevant officers will contact you.
I'm very grateful, I really am.
I'm very grateful, really.
I'll see you later.
It seems unbelievable.
What an unexpected thing, isn't it?
In the end it turns out
that the person who fell and killed himself was also the thief.
Yes, you're right.
"But how will I do it to prove it?"

What are you doing?
Now you have to pull out your nose hair?
No, it's not that, it's just that... He-he-he...
It's just that I suddenly saw myself reflected here
and I was just fixing myself up a little bit.
Wow, this wall is so bright that it looks exactly like a mirror.
Yes, it is true.
And that's because it has a coating against ultraviolet rays.
It dries quickly and shines,
which is why elevators use it a lot.
Wow, boy!
Gee...
What's the matter with you now, Conan?
I seem to have lost the detective's badge I had in my pocket.
I must have dropped it.
And where did you drop it?
Do you have any idea?
Well... Ah!
It's quite possible that Mr. Sawada's apartment, 604, lost it.
Of course it is.
Can I go look for it?
But it's just that...
Hurry up.
Go on, go and don't romancegis.
Could you come with me, Mr. Mouri?
You're a pain in the ass!
Now you want me to come with you?
Why should I?
Why?
Because it makes me go alone.
But what a face you have, man!
You always go everywhere alone!
I don't see what the problem is, Kogoro.
Go with him for once.
Gee, you... Let's go, let's go.
Thank you very much, Kogoro.
(Kogoro) He-he... Sorry for the inconvenience.
That's all right.
But as soon as you find her, you're leaving, okay?
Don't dawdle.
Don't suffer, we don't want to disturb you.
What, have you found it yet, this, boy?
Not yet, no.
It's very strange...
Damn.
Are you sure you lost it here?
Well, if you've got it, we're leaving.
I've got it!
Ha-ha-ha!
You know where the door is.
Okay, I got it.
Yes, thank you.
And sorry for the inconvenience.
Ah!
Aaaaah...
Hey, what's this?
Some kind of joke, or what?
Hey!
Do you think it's in your house?
-Huh?
I'll be right back.
- (door: doorbell)
Ah, it's the policeman from before...
Excuse me, excuse me.
May we come in?
Excuse me, but Mr. Mouri asked us to come to his house.
You're just in time.
Could you do something with this man?
But Kogoro, what are you doing sitting here now?
Excuse me, I fell asleep while I was waiting for you to arrive.
Okay, but can you tell us why you made us come?
I was worried that Mr. Kitagami,
a man so obsessed with security, as we've seen,
had forgotten to lock the door to his house.
Man, sometimes people get absent-minded and careless, of these things.
(Kogoro voice) But it turns out he was the thief.
They found evidence in his apartment, didn't they?
I find it strange that a person like him would be so careless.
Also, I'm concerned about certain details of the corpse.
Certain details of the corpse?
What do you mean?
Look, Takagi, when you drink at home, how do you usually dress?
How am I dressed?
Do you keep your tie and jacket on?
Well, no, obviously not.
Oh!
That's right.
As we have seen, Mr. Kitagami was dressed in a suit and tie,
"...although he was supposedly drinking at home."
But it could also be
that the bottles and cans we found were from another day.
It could very well be that he had gone drinking outside.
No, that's impossible.
Eh?
The beer that was in the glass at Mr. Kitagami's house,
I noticed it still had bubbles in it.
This means that when we entered the apartment,
it hadn't been served for a long time.
Yes... Now that you mention it, I find it strange too.
But what's even more strange,
is that you decided to take a nap here.
Where are you going with all this?
Obviously, I'm trying to solve the case of Mr. Kitagami's murder,
who I have no doubt died at the hands of the tenant of this apartment,
Mr. Ryousuke Sawada.
But what are you saying?
Excuse me, but I do not know what s'empatolla, now.
Hey, Kogoro, what are you talking about?
So far we know that Mr. Kitagami has drunk,
slipped with the bottle of liquor and fell off the balcony.
Yes, you have been telling us this for a long time and it is clear to us.
The corpse also had numerous scratches on certain parts of the body.
But there were no marks on the railing of the balcony
corresponding to the scratches.
Couldn't it be that these scratches were made when he fell?

That would be the most normal thing to do, wouldn't it?
Inspector Takagi, check the railing on this terrace.
There should be scratch marks.
Right.
Mr. Mouri, you're absolutely right,
there are scratch marks, and they're recent.
So, Mr. Sawada, after killing Mr. Kitagami,
you probably tried to pull him off the balcony.
"But it's not at all easy to take an adult person and throw him off the balcony."
"That's why, after getting up from the ground,
he had to lean on the railing before throwing him over the edge."
"And that's when the buckle of Mr. Kitagami's belt
scratched against the railing and crossed it out."
"Naturally, the buckle was scratched as well."
"Then he lifted her legs and let her fall little by little."
"That's how the victim has scratched the whole front part of the body."
How can you get to be so rude?
You walk into my house like it's nothing and now you're telling me I'm a murderer?
That man fell from the balcony of your house, didn't he?
Couldn't it be that he made the grazes
because he rubbed against my railing as he fell?
To begin with, I would like to know why he should have died, me.
So that I haven't spoken once.
We need the cell phone.
Kogoro, what do you have to say about this?
Mr. Kitagami was a thief.
And, at the same time, there are indications...
that someone tried to pick the lock at the entrance to this apartment.
Well...
You don't mean...
Yes, Naotsugu Kitagami broke into this apartment...
and Mr. Sawada caught her red-handed when she returned home.
According to you, Mr. Sawada...
found the burglar stealing in his house...
and therefore decided to kill him?
Yes.
Just a moment, Mr. Mouri,
how come Mr. Sawada didn't tell the police...
or run away from home when he found him?
What if it turns out that he didn't do it simply because he couldn't?
He can't, he says?
For what reason?
I think I know and I can explain.
A while ago, when I had to go to the bathroom,
I noticed that there was a big bag tight in a cupboard.
Calm down, calm down.
What are you saying, kid?!
Inspector Takagi, look for this bag and bring it here.
I guess you don't mind, do you?
Yes.
Here, Inspector.
I found it in a washroom cabinet, just like you said in Conan.
What's in it?
Well, if it isn't...
(Kogoro voice) What?
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Sawada, don't take this the wrong way,
but you don't seem to have enough money...
for buying all this jewelry.
We'd like to know.
Can you tell us where you got them?
Yes, I can't deny it, it's true.
All these jewels are stolen, I admit it.
So, when Mr. Kitagami came in here to steal, he found these jewels..,
he found these jewels and you killed her so that she wouldn't give him away...
No, it was not like that.
It's true that when he found them I got nervous,
but then we made a deal.
You made a deal?
Since you found the jewels,
I offered to give him one of them, the one he wanted.
In exchange, I would make it look like he hadn't broken into my house...
and he wouldn't tell anyone that I had robbed the jewelry store.
After accepting the deal, he left quietly.
Therefore, it is impossible for me to know anything about his downfall.
Stop making up ridiculous stories.
Look, Kogoro, I hope this whole series of deductions you're making...
are based on demonstrable facts.
Of course they are, inspector.
In addition to the valuables,
in the bag you'll also find a pepper spray.
Presumably he used it during the robbery.
Mr. Kitagami's eyelids were red and swollen,
but it wasn't from the drink, but from the pepper spray you attacked him with.
-Mr. Mouri...
-What?
This is not proof of anything.
The scientists gave me what you asked for.
That's perfect.
Conan, can you help me, please?
Yes!
Inspector Takagi, can I take this for a moment, please?
Yes?
Sure, here you go.
This kind of spray works like a vaporizer,
so that, when someone is sprayed,
whoever uses it inevitably gets smeared as well.

But the thing is... the liquid is transparent, you can't distinguish it.
Do not suffer from it, that the pepper gas sprays?
have a coating against ultraviolet rays
to detect who has used it
and it doesn't come off even if you wash your clothes.
We will try.
Inspector Chiba, can you turn off the light in this room?
So much so.
(Kogoro voice) And now, can you illuminate my hand...
and Conan's hand with the black light?
You see, don't you?
It's amazing.
So, this means...
That if the sleeve of Mr. Sawada's sweatshirt
shines like Conan's clothes...
Excuse me for a moment.
Don't move...
What do you think?
Even though he insists it wasn't you?
He suddenly said he changed his mind.
He told me he wanted to take all the jewels in the bag.
She approached me with a threatening air and I..., without thinking about it,
I sprayed her with the pepper spray that was in the bag.
She wobbled a bit, because her eyes hurt from the burning.
Then she tripped over the tablet and hit the back of her head hard.
He entered my house without permission and died accidentally.
Why should I take responsibility, me?
I knew he lived right above me and I immediately thought that if I made him fall from the balcony
that if I dropped him from the balcony he wouldn't arouse suspicion.
As he had the key to his house on him, I went to his apartment...
And he tried to hide his crime.
You idiot!
Because, in addition to committing a robbery with violence,
Mr. Kitagami has thrown the decalabro from his balcony...
to hide this whole incident.
Do you understand the seriousness of your actions?
What?
Oh, my...
(Cries) Damn.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Are you going to spend much more time sleeping?
Come on, wake up, we're leaving.
Ah... Eh?
What?
Where am I?
Aaaaaaaaaa...
Ah!
The eyes, what a pain, what a pain!
I had something in my hand.
It's unbearable!
Help me!
You have made a brilliant deduction, how come you haven't thought?
You should take care of your eyesight.
"Koji Haneda."
"Glass shards?"
"There's some engraved letters."
Surely what it said was "Put on mascara" in English.
You insolent snot nose!
What are you insinuating, that I murdered this man?
If you don't mind,
I'd like to accompany you to the crime scene.
I hope it won't do anything to him.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The same crime scene as 17 years ago (part one)."

