(Shinichi voice) "Koji Haneda."
"Seventeen years ago, this boy crowned 'shogi' king four times,
"He took his crowns with him and traveled to the U.S.
to participate in a chess championship."
But the night before the tournament,
someone attacked him in the hotel where he was staying and killed him.
The killer tossed the room from top to bottom.
It seems that Koji put up a resistance before he was killed,
but the cause of death is not known.
The cause of death of Amanda Hughes is also unknown,
a wealthy American who died the same day
in another room of the same hotel.
She was an admirer of Koji Haneda and they had a friendly relationship.
The bodyguard who was traveling with Amanda,
whom she called Asaka, disappeared that day...
and he was considered the prime suspect in the two crimes.
The problem is that no one has seen him since then...
and, to this day, his whereabouts are still unknown.
The identity of this Asaka end is shrouded in mystery.
It is apparent that, among Amanda's family and friends, there is no one who knows under what circumstances he was killed,
there is no one who knows under what circumstances
she started working for her.
Does this name ring a bell?
You don't know anyone named Asaka?
Well, no, I had never heard of it.
But since no one knows what he died of at Koji Haneda
and her name is on the list of people
to whom Apotoxin 4869 was administered....,
it is very likely that this Asaka is a member
of the Men in Black Organization.
I don't know what to tell you, I don't see it clear.
If in Koji Haneda he was killed 17 years ago,
how come his name is two rows below me?
The person who made the list
was not supposed to list the names by date of death.
They should have sorted it by another criterion, perhaps blood type.
And if the poison that they made me swallow was already
was already invented 17 years ago, this means that...
Haibara...
Mm?
Don't be insolent.
How old are you now?
I'm 18, you know perfectly well.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I guess it was my parents who made the poison then.
All I did was to recreate the recipe
from the information that hadn't been burned in the fire.
In what fire?
The parents' laboratory caught fire.
They were charred to death and the poison recipe was burned.
The Men in Black told me it was an accident.
Mm...
But anyway, you know what I mean.
(Thinking) "The poison they were forcing me to make...
was a different one."
Anyway, I don't understand what interest the Organization could have had...
in killing a shogi champion.
I imagine that the poor guy had the bad luck
to see the rich American murdered,
the real target of the Men in Black.
Apparently, this Amanda Hughes...
had a lot of influence over the FBI and CIA.
It's been confirmed that Amanda went to Koji Haneda's room
at least once.
Her fingerprints were found on the doorknob, on the sofa,
on a teacup, on a plate and on a hairpin.
(Ai) It looks like they ordered tea and pastries from room service and snacked together.
and snack together.
Even though the plates and cups were broken
when they tossed the room after committing the crime.
I can see that, all over the room there were pieces of cups
and broken plates scattered on the floor with the name of the hotel, Juke.
Mm?
I see shards of glass mixed in with the crockery.
A mirror, maybe?
There's writing on it.
Huh?
"Pe, té, o, ene"?
Surely what it said... was "Put on mascara" in English.
What's that?
A cosmetics brand launched a mascara offer with a mirror.
It looks like the campaign was a success.
This is the phrase that was on the mirror.
I know this because my sister had a
that she kept as a souvenir of her mother.
Yeah, but what was the mirror doing in Koji Haneda's room?
Yes, I would be surprised if it belonged to the old lady who was murdered.
She was over 80 years old.
It could be that Koji kept it as a memento of his mother.
She was a public figure, she must have been interested in taking care of her image.
What strikes me
is that they left the room in such a mess.
"It's not their way of doing things, far from it."
"They leave the crime scene intact, as if nothing happened."
MHM.

Apparently, the room of the rich woman...
was left exactly the same.
It also says here that they left the sink faucet open.
By the way, how did you manage to find so much information about the crime?
Someone is periodically updating the information on the internet,
and it looks like he doesn't care that it could be erased.
This someone is crying out
for the murders to be solved at once.
How did you figure it out, that in Koji Haneda stood up to them?
At autopsy, they found defensive marks on his arms,
as if he had tried to protect himself
the punches and standing up they gave him.
"And on his right hand he had marks that unmistakably indicated
that he had grabbed the scissors that were in the room."
He defended himself with scissors, you say?
Mm?
Yes.
What's the matter with the scissors?
It's just that this morning there was a murder in the Okuho neighborhood.
It appears that, at the time of death,
the victim was holding the scissors I invented.
That's why Inspector Megure asked me
to stop by the crime scene after lunch.
-Ah!
-He wants information about the scissors.
Those ridiculous scissors that make a little noise every time
every time the two blades meet?
I didn't know anyone had bought them.
Ahem.
Well, all the buyers say it's a nice little noise.
(Subaru) Excuse me, Dr. Agasa.
(Subaru) - Huh?
-If you don't mind... -I'd like to join you...
...I'd like to accompany you to the crime scene.
I hope it won't do anything to you.
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"The case of Apotoxin and the hotel."
"Danger approaches by brandishing a pair of scissors."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

(Conan voice) "The same crime scene as 17 years ago (Part One)"
- (both) Eh?
-Su... Subaru!
But why?
I made a beef stew with potatoes, and since I have some left over,
I'll bring you some.
That's not what I meant.
The question was why do you want to come.
In this case there is something... that caught my attention.
(Conan voice) So come on, we can go see the crime scene.
(Subaru) Let's go.
(Subaru) Of it..., you don't have to come, if you don't want to.
(Subaru) Eh?
You don't mind staying home alone, do you?
No, of course I don't.
But I don't understand why you always want me to stay at home
and eat the crap you cook.
-Mm!
-You think it's that bad?
Do you remember the stew you brought us the other day?
The vegetables were raw, they were half cooked.
It seemed very good that you were listening to us with a hidden microphone
and you had decided to come with the excuse of bringing us the food
just so you could get on the case.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
No, woman, and now!
The thing is that cooking is not my forte, I don't know much.
That's why it would be good for me if you finished the stew
and keep it boiling until I get back.
I'm sure I've used the right ingredients
and the right seasonings.
Keep an eye on the little one.
Can I count on you, Camel?
(Takagi) Roger that.
(Takagi) Ah, Dr. Agasa!
We were expecting him.
(Takagi) -Well, no...
(Takagi) - Gee, I see you didn't come alone.
It just so happens that I was also involved
in the design of the scissors, inspector.
-No, and now!
If so, you can come in.
-I hope I'm not disturbing you.
(Thinking) "I wouldn't have said it,
that those scissors were such a complex invention."
(Subaru) Wow!
The crime has been committed in the annex pavilion, then?
The victim felt unprotected in the main house,
that's why he spent most of the day in the annex.
(Shinichi, think) "These two men are very burly."

"They look like bodyguards."
Mm?
Oh, Dr. Agasa!
I can't thank you enough for coming expressly.
You're welcome.
Eh?
Although they haven't taken the body...
Let me fill you in on the case.
The victim is the president of a real estate company
and the owner of this house,
Kunihisa Hiyama, 61 years old.
She was bludgeoned to death with a blunt object.
We suspect that she was attacked in another room in the annex pavilion and managed to take refuge here.
and she managed to take refuge here, in the washroom,
but in the end the killer forced open the door and finished her off.
Look, you see the scissors in her hand?
They are the ones you invented, that's why I would like you to explain to me...
the peculiarities they have.
Watch.
-It would only be missing...
If you step on the broken glass, you'll get hurt.
(Shinichi, think) "Glass shards?"
"There are some engraved letters."
"The inscription looks like the same as the one on the glass next to the sink."
Mm.
I imagine that the victim threw this glass at her attacker
when he made it into the bathroom, right?
Huh?
Ah, yes.
So, the victim sought a desperate means of self-defense:
the scissors that Dr. Agasa invented...
and used to trim his mustache.
Yes, probably.
But there's something I don't quite understand.
What-what is it?
The mop behind the corpse.
Mm?
The mop?
To fend off the killer, who was carrying a blunt weapon,
he would have been much better served by a long object.
It had not occurred to me...
Rather than scissors.
By the way, can you tell me who you are?
Yes, sorry, I haven't introduced myself.
I'm Dr. Agasa's assistant, that's why I came.
Mr. Okiya?
My name is Subaru Okiya.
I came to talk about the doctor's scissors.
Oh, yes, you're right.
I know they make a peculiar little noise every time they close,
but... they also work as a tape recorder?
It would be very useful, but they don't have this function.
Mm?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'm really sorry.
I thought I took them to record the killer's voice.
The broken glass in front of the door is stained with blood.
I guess the killer stepped on them.
Conan, what are you doing here?
You shouldn't have come in!
If you compare the blood on the glass with the blood of whoever broke in,
you'll find the culprit.
It's not that easy.
It turns out that this blood...
(Agasa) What?!
Is it from the person who found the body?
Are you sure it's not from the culprit?
We are sure.
It belongs to Mr. Kazunori SENBA.
He was the owner of a candy store in this neighborhood.
Mr. Hiyama agreed to buy and sell the land
with his son and his young man without consulting him,
that's why he came here this morning to complain.
Then we can't rule out that he is the murderer.
-Impossible?
-The problem is that it's impossible.
Look, take a good look.
All the windows in the annex pavilion are protected with bars.
The entrance door, the only place where you can get in,
was always guarded by these bodyguards,
who subjected to a thorough search any person
who wanted to enter to see Mr. Hiyama.
They would have found any weapon immediately.
Just think, they even used a metal detector.
Therefore, we can assume...
that the murder weapon was some kind of blunt object
that was inside the pavilion.
Well, it wasn't.
President Hiyama was a real estate speculator
who had made a lot of enemies.
To prevent anyone from the outside from coming in and attacking him,
he had had any dangerous objects removed from the pavilion
that could be used as a weapon, mop shot.
The mop was also examined, of course,
but we found no traces of blood.
So, this means that President Hiyama was already dead
when Mr. SENBA entered the pavilion.
Right, so they finished frisking him,
Mr. SENBA entered and saluted loudly,
but no one answered him.
He stuck his head out of the washroom door so that he could see it ajar
and found Mr. Hiyama on the floor, his head bloody.
As he ran up to him, he stepped on the scattered glass,
he stepped on the glass scattered on the floor.
He then left the pavilion

and has explained this same story to bodyguards.
Yes... And where is Mr. SENBA right now?
His foot wounds are being treated at the main house.
-Daixò...
-Huh?
Please excuse me if I'm wrong,
But is it possible that, when they arrived at the crime scene,
you found the sink faucet running?
Well, yes, the water was gushing out.
-I thought so.
-But how do you know that?
Mm...
What?
Hey, Akai.
This case isn't what it seems, is it?
I see you've noticed it too, kid.
It looks like another crime.
It's just like the murder of Koji Haneda,
which was committed 17 years ago.
Mm!
The case that inspired me to become...
an agent... of the FBI.
You say that case inspired you?
What's that mean?
That you worked on the murder investigation 17 years ago?
I didn't.
The one who was directly involved was my father.
O-ho, what a surprise!
I didn't know that your father was also an FBI agent like you!
No, and now!
My father was not FBI.
But if you want me to tell you about your father,
you'll have to tell me your story first.
I want to know who you really are.
Aaa... I'll tell you when it's all sorted out, okay?
Understood.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Although I think he already knows, who I am."
(Man) What is it now?
What else do you want from me?
(All) Eh?
Didn't you tell me that I could leave when my wound was healed?
I-I still have to ask you a couple of questions.
-(All) Exactly.
-This is the man you were talking about?
That's Mr. Kazunori SENBA, the man who found the body.
Ah, you mean the man who stepped on the broken glass at the crime scene
and got it wrong, right?
Aaa... yes.
Excuse me.
You stepped on the broken glass with your right foot, didn't you?
As you say?
I ask because I thought I saw
that you were limping a little with your right leg.
No, I hurt my other foot, the left one.
Last month I had a car accident
and I broke my right leg, the limp is a sequel.
In fact, I was hospitalized until last week.
-Not exactly.
-But... who are you?
From the police?
He's the assistant to the man who invented the scissors
that Mr. Hiyama had in his hand when she was killed.
If you don't mind,
I'd like to ask you to replay the moment you found the body.
There's something I don't see clearly, and that will help me.
Yes, man!
Why should I do that?
But you're not a cop or anything!
Mm?
About that, regarding the scissors...
...they don't serve as a recorder, but they have another special function.
If he has done something specific when he approached the corpse,
it's possible that this function has been activated.
Eh?
Ah, yes.
Isn't that right, Dr. Agasa?
What specific thing are you talking about?
For the moment, it's best I don't tell you.
First of all, you do exactly what you did...
when you found the body.
(Thinking) "Eh? I don't remember, this scissors function..."
First, Kunihisa's two bodyguards...
searched me from top to bottom
in front of the door of the annex pavilion, just like now.
Next, I opened the door and entered.
I waited for a moment, but no one came to greet me.
I knocked loudly to make her feel me,
and I waited, but she didn't answer.
Just at that moment, when I was passing by,
I noticed that the toilet door was half open.
I stuck my head out... and found exactly this picture.
Ah, Inspector!
Mm?
What are you doing here?
We're replaying the moment you found the body...
to see if the special function of the doctor's scissors has been activated.
And what else?
Yeah...
You saw Mr. Hiyama, who was sitting on the floor, in the bathroom,
and his head was bloody,
and you approached him without thinking, didn't you?
Yes, he did.
And you didn't notice that a glass was broken
and that the sink was full of shards of glass?
I-it turns out... it turns out the door wasn't all the way open,
it was a little tight.
That's why I didn't see the broken glass.
I rushed in, I ran to Mr. Hiyama...

and I cut my foot.
Well, I find it very curious.
It's very easy.
If the door was only half-tight,
I would have had to open it all the way to get into the bathroom.
And, opening it, I would have pushed the shards of glass,
which would have been hidden behind the door.
Moreover, if the murderer had left the door tightly closed, he would have dragged the glass and would now have been able to enter the bathroom,
he would have dragged the glass and it would now be much closer to the threshold.
Ah, th-that's right, I was confused.
Actually, the door was wide open.
I was so surprised to see the corpse that I didn't notice the glass.
Are you serious?
You insolent snot nose!
What are you insinuating?!
That I murdered this man?!
Look, if I'd hit him that hard,
I'd be all bloody, too.
But if you look a little,
you'll see that there's not a splash on my clothes.
Mr. SENBA!
Your shirt is not buttoned properly.
There is a button that is not the buttonhole that touches him.
- (Agasa) Eh?
-What?
And now I also see that you're not wearing it inside your pants.
At the end of the day, the only piece he's wearing correctly is his tie.
Ah, yes, yes, it's just that... I-I must have lost my way.
In any case,
I wasn't wearing any object that could have been used as a murder weapon.
This is proof that I'm not the murderer.
W-w-wait, you can't leave!
-That's outrageous, I'm leaving!
Mm...
Wait, don't go, not yet.
Please, wait, Mr. SENBA!
Eh?
We have already finished taking the photographs.
We can now remove the fragments of the broken glass.
We understand.
Mr. SENBA was barefoot when he stepped on the glass?
No, he stepped on them with his slipper.
Look, do you want to see what it looks like?
(Shinichi, thinking) "I know what it was."
(Subaru, thinks) "Now I understand."
From it, is this slipper....
Is it related to the special function of the doctor's scissors?
The glass that broke was exactly the same
as this one next to the pike, wasn't it, inspector?
Identical.
It appears to be the product of a collaboration between Fusae Brand and a tableware manufacturer.
with a tableware manufacturer.
Why is that?
(Agasa, thinks) "Fusae Brand?"
What does it have to do, the glass, with the doctor's scissors?
Let us take the body, please?
(Agasa, thinks) "Eh?
Oh!
(Shinichi, think) "...sweet."
(Subaru, thinks) "There's a smell..."
It seemed to me that the corpse had a characteristic smell.
You're right, around the head wound....
it had a substance, like a paste, that looked like honey, stuck to it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Honey?"
And honey has nothing to do with the doctor's scissors either?
If you can't find the connection,
you can leave the scene of the crime.
What about it, didn't you hear me?
(Subaru, thinks) "The scissors that the victim had between his fingers..."
"The broken glass on the floor..."
"The smell of honey coming from the corpse..."
"The faucet of the sink open..."
"All that remains is to know how Mr. Hiyama did it to kill."
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Agasa) We already know that Mr. SENBA cannot be the murderer
because he was unarmed.
I think we found what we were looking for.
It's the murder weapon.
Do you know who did it and how?
Yes.
We know who did it and how.
I've got everything.
I bought the capsule with the figurine, a jar of honey,
a colored ball and a fat bullet.
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The same crime scene as 17 years ago (Part Two)".

