"As the victim of a murder has died enduring a pair of scissors.
"that had been invented by Dr. Agasa,
Subaru Okiya and I accompanied her to the crime scene."
But it is possible that, when they arrived at the scene of the crime,
they found the sink faucet running?
Yes, the water was gushing out.
But how do you know this?
What?
Hey, Akai.
This case isn't what it seems, is it?
I see you've noticed it too, kid.
It looks like another crime.
It's just like the murder of Koji Haneda, which was committed 17 years ago.
"Besides, while forensics took away the corpse..."
(Think) "There is a smell..."
"...sweet."
Around the wound there was some kind of substance stuck to it,
like a paste, which looked like honey.
(Think) "The scissors that the victim had between his fingers."
"The broken glass on the floor..."
"The smell of honey that the corpse gave off..."
"The faucet of the open sink..."
"All that remains is to know... how Mr. Hiyama had it done to kill him."
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"A great insight solves all mysteries."
"A pair of scissors, a glass and the smell of honey.
"The clues will eventually fit together."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The same crime scene as 17 years ago (part two)."
It's worth saying that it's a rare case, really.
"The victim was holding a pair of scissors in her hand when she was killed,
"The fatal head wound smelled of honey.
"And, to top it all off, when the police arrived,
they found the sink faucet running."
We already know that Mr.
SENBA cannot be the killer, because he was not armed.
The question is: how did he, the culprit,
to enter the pavilion through the bars of the windows?
-Eh?
- (Subaru) wrong.
...it's him.
The murderer...
Mr. SENBA.
(Subaru) What?
Is it true?
Yes.
It's just that we haven't figured out how he did it yet.
Nor do we have the murder weapon.
Of that,
you searched Mr. SENBA before he came in, didn't you?
-Yes. -Yes.
-Hmm?
Do you remember if he was carrying
any objects that caught your attention?
Let me remember...
Now that you mention it, I did carry a toy figurine...
about this big in a plastic bag.
Yes.
And I was also carrying a very small propaganda catalog
about the entire collection.
She had been given it with some candy and she wanted to give it to her grandson.
We were a little surprised, because he no longer has the candy store.
Was he carrying anything else?
Well... Apart from that, he also had a purse, a handkerchief and a key.
Oh, by the way.
Earlier we found on the floor one of these colored balls
that we used to buy in the candy stores when we were little.
A colored ball?
A...
Yes.
Just before Mr. SENBA arrived.
A yellow ball about this big.
We gave it to the inspector just in case,
but on the other side of the fence there's a playground,
so it must have belonged to some kid playing baseball.
Be that as it may, the owner has not come looking for it.
Could you point me to the exact place where it was found?
Yes.
We sensed something falling on the roof once
and we went after the pavilion.
I would say that the ball rolled here.
Did you both come here when you heard it hit the roof?
-And you only found the ball?
-No, I came alone.
Yes, I didn't see anything else.
About that... There are no bars on this ground level window.

Woman in the toilet.
Where woman?
It's right in front of the sink, across the hall.
This window doesn't need bars.
It's so small, even a child like you couldn't fit through it,
you can see it with the naked eye.
(Subaru) "A slipper that has stepped on broken glass,
"A deadly wound that smells like honey,
a ball that fell on the roof..."
(Think) "A figurine in a plastic bag and a catalog."
"A window that overlooks the toilet..."
Eh?
(Man) There's something else.
I thought it made a lot of noise, being such a small ball.
-Huh?
-Like CLONG, CLONG.
"W-wait a minute."
"What if I had hidden the murder weapon?"
Ow, ow, ow.
Huh?
We heard him scream.
Doctor.
Oh, uh... n-no, no...
I-it's nothing... it's nothing important, don't worry.
L-look.
Fo-fo... ants.
Eh?
I-i-it's just that there's a long line of ants...
and I got a little scared when I saw them.
Oh, doctor.
But you have a stack of bug encyclopedias.
Yes, I know that.
The thing is, inside the encyclopedias..,
they're divided into cute insects.
When the voices are live, they're all in a pile, and that's something else.
"Inside they're divided?"
Hey, Conan.
Check this out.
I think we found what we were looking for.
It's the murder weapon.
Hm.
What's that?
Do you know who did it and how?
Are you for real, doctor?
In fact, the one who discovered it was rather this pair...
Yes.
We know who did it and how.
In the end we have discovered how Mr. SENBA has set it up
to get the murder weapon into the ward.
What? It's impossible.
It's impossible, I've explained a thousand times.
I've already told you that the bodyguards searched me
before entering the pavilion.
Tell them there you.
Isn't it true that I didn't have any weapon in my pocket?
-He's right.
-No.
What he did carry was a figurine inside a plastic bag
and also a small propaganda catalog
with the whole collection in it, right?
Yes, and what's the problem?
Well, the problem is that something else was missing.
What else are you talking about, kid?
How come I didn't have it on me?
I'm talking about the transparent plastic capsule,
the ball where the figurine was supposed to be and the catalog.
Apparently, they didn't find the catalog...
inside the plastic bag where the figurine was.
Ah, yes, the capsule.
I threw it away because I didn't need it for anything, here it is.
Conan.
I got it all.
I bought the capsule with the figurine, a jar of honey,
a colored ball and a fat bullet.
Are you sure,
that the culprit has used all these to commit the crime?
Yes.
First, we have to open the capsule.
Now, we plug the holes using the adhesive tape...
that held the two halves together.
Now all we have to do is insert the bullet into the capsule...
and then put in a good drizzle of honey.
Then we close the capsule again... and hala, it's done.
What do you mean, it's done?
What's that?
Could you throw the capsule and the colored ball on the roof,
right on top of the toilet roof?
Yes.
What do you mean?
Throw it on the roof?
E-understood.
Ben up, let it fall on the roof!
Yes, understood.
Up.
Oysters.
The colored ball came rolling back right away,
but the capsule stayed on the roof.
Would you mind standing guard here for a moment, Takagi?
No, and now!
Please, gentlemen, go into the pavilion.
Yes.
What exactly did he do
when you opened the door after the search, Mr. SENBA?
I have already explained.
I waited for Hiyama to come to greet me
and then, as he didn't show up, I decided to go in.
That's a lie.
Mr. Hiyama came to meet her and talked to him.
You asked him if you could go to the bathroom.
Yes.
To the toilet?
And not exactly to relieve herself, of course,
but to retrieve the murder weapon.
What?
Let's go in the toilet and they'll understand.
Yes, I imagine it must have arrived by now.
Now you'll see.
What, has he arrived?
We'll take it from the toilet,

right in front of the sink where Mr. Hiyama died.
When we open the window in the lower part of the wall...
we should find.
Hm...
See?
I got it.
B-but it's the plastic ball that Takagi threw on the roof!
How could you have been able to catch it
by reaching out from the toilet window?
No, I didn't do anything.
Did you pass it to him, Takagi?
Then how do you explain it?
You were also a witness, Inspector.
The colored ball rolled down the steep slope of the slope...
down the sloping slope of the roof and fell to the ground,
but even though we tilted the surface... you see?
As the bullet inside is surrounded by honey,
it doesn't roll and goes down little by little.
Yes, it is true.
Therefore, while the colored ball fell down right away,
the capsule went down the roof slowly.
Then, it got inside the gutter...
and continued to move forward at its own pace, very slowly.
It fell downwards, just like the water did,
and finally came out through the mouth of the gutter.
The elbow of the downspout is slightly inclined
so that the rainwater does not stagnate and flows down more easily.
Is that how it went, Takagi?
Yes, that's right.
The capsule came out of the gutter mouth after a while.
Oh, by the way.
Mr. SENBA threw the plastic ball and the ball at the same time from the other side of the gutter.
and the ball from the other side of the fence
to disguise the noise of the ball falling on the roof.
If he was able to convince the bodyguards
that the noise was made by the colored ball,
they would leave and not look for further explanations.
Hm... I don't understand how you can kill with a toy bullet,
no matter how big it is.
What was inside the capsule was not a toy bullet,
but an iron bullet.
If you put it in a sock,
you can make a device called a "black jack."
which is considered a potentially lethal weapon.
The smell of honey that made Mr. Hiyama's wound proves that this is the weapon that has
that this is the weapon that delivered the fatal blow to his head.
Am I wrong, Mr. SENBA?
W-what about the blood?
If I were the murderer and I had killed her as you say,
the blood would have splashed on me, right?
But I have already shown you that my clothes are clean, without any blood stain.
Before committing the crime,
you undressed here so as not to stain your clothes.
No one has overlooked the fact that he dressed in a hurry.
And, after Mr. Hiyama died,
you went under the shower in the sink to wash the blood off your body, didn't you?
You wiped your body with toilet paper
and you flushed the toilet
to destroy any incriminating evidence.
Uh... Y-yes.
Didn't I say it right, doctor?
Hm?
You're usually more enthusiastic
when it comes to revealing the truth about a case.
Today you seem much more restrained.
Yes... It's just that today I've decided that we'd better let the youth do the talking.
So, Mr. SENBA has retrieved the gun from the toilet,
stuffed it in one of his socks,
undressed and then called Mr. Hiyama.
With the excuse that the toilet flush was stuck, for example.
Then, Mr. SENBA gave his victim a blow...
with the sock where he had the iron bullet.
and Mr. Hiyama took refuge in the bathroom,
but the killer forced the door open.
The victim tried to defend himself by throwing the glass tumbler at him,
but could not stop Mr. SENBA from finishing her off.
"The murderer's intention was to take advantage of the fact that she was taking a shower.
"To also wash the sock,
"which was soiled with honey and Mr. Hiyama's blood,
"But he thought that, if he put on the soaked sock,
the slipper would also get wet."
That's why he specifically stepped on one of the glass panes of the glass
Mr. Hiyama threw at him to defend himself,
so he had a good excuse to get his sock out.
Once he had showered, he hurriedly got dressed again,
went to the front door and alerted the bodyguards that Mr. Hiyama had been murdered.
that Mr. Hiyama had been killed in the washroom.
When the bodyguards rushed into the pavilion to confirm the death of the businessman
to confirm the death of the businessman,
he hid the murder weapon under the porch of the main house.
The Forensic Science agents have already found

the capsule with the iron bullet and a multitude of ants around it.
In addition, the fact that there is blood on the front of the shoe,
even though he stepped on the broken glass with his heel,
proves that the blood is not yours, but Mr. Hiyama's.
And there must also be blood on the skin, of course.
Even if he took a shower,
the police have methods to detect traces of blood on his body.
Yes.
I must have blood, though, on my skin.
The thing is, while I was taking a shower,
the tiles in the sink were stained red with her blood.
So what's the motive for the crime?
He's dead so you bought his land?
Yes.
He took advantage of the fact that I was admitted to the hospital
to entangle my son and my young man.
On top of that, the traffic accident that left me lame...
was caused by Kunihisa's henchmen doing his bidding.
Do you know this for a fact?
Oh, I do.
He confessed it to me himself before he finished me off.
"Spare my life and I'll pay for your hospital expenses."
he begged me.
I inherited that store from my grandfather
and, for me, it was priceless.
When I left the hospital, I was in for a surprise.
The tent had turned into a mountain of rubble
and, on top of it, a giant iron ball was swinging.
That's why... that's why...
he deserved to have his skull splintered by an iron bullet.
But I'm just a candy store owner.
I couldn't disguise it.
Not even... in front of a little kid.
Hm.
Hm... Wait a minute.
And the scissors the victim had in his hand, then?
Yes, Mr. Hiyama used them to leave a message.
What kind of message?
"The letters on the broken glass on the floor of the washroom,
the scene of the crime, were the ee, the one, the a and the yerra."
"And the letter on the glass stuck in the slipper was the de."
"If in 'Fusae Brand' you take all these letters out of it.
"And change the order of the ones you have left,
you can get the name SENBA."
I get it.
I still find it hard to believe that at that moment,
when the killer was about to open the bathroom door,
the victim was able to cut out these tiny letters
from a glass tumbler with a pair of scissors...
Yes, it is possible, thanks to the chemomechanical effect.
Who... chemomechanical, you say?
Yes.
When you cut a glass object with scissors,
crumbles into tiny fragments.
But if you submerge it,
the water molecules come into contact with the molecules of the crystal
and weaken it,
and then you can cut it as if it were a sheet of paper.
I-is it true that glass can be cut in water?
If so, you can prove it to me, right?
It is true that you can break it as if you cut it,
but it's dangerous because very small pieces can shoot out.
Hehe!
And I don't want to break a Fusae glass.
Then, how come you haven't left directly...
the letters "SENBA" at the crime scene?
It would have made things easier for us.
In fact, it would have been too easy.
So much so, that even the killer
would have been able to see your name by chance
and would have hidden all the crystals.
Yes, it makes sense.
That's why, when SENBA opened the door and went into the bathroom,
the victim threw the glass at him, which was already broken.
He needed to make her believe
that the glass had broken against the wall.
Then he would not suspect that the earthen letters were a message.
"...could recognize him on the spot."
"It's impossible that the killer..."
Right, I get it.
So, the scissors and the open sink faucet were...
a hint of the effect the doctor explained,
and the letters that completed the message,
those forming the name "SENBA,"
must have disappeared down the sink.
Yes, I seem to understand that.
But... Hey.
O-on salary?
Conan!
Hey, wait for me, viiiiinc!
What a group.
Ay, ay!
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da

Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Hey, hey.
What's wrong with you, Shinichi?
We should go to the police station to participate in the interrogation.
The computer.
His laptop was in the glove compartment of the car.
Yes, it was here.
Is there anything wrong, Shinichi?
At last.
By the way, I don't know where he's gone, the Akai.
What's so urgent?
Why did you call me, Shu?
(Pip)
I need you to give me my little table, it's in the glove box.
(Pip) Eh?
I found it.
They still haven't erased the Haneda case information from the internet.
The letters that were left on the broken mirror...
...were the P, H, O and E.
The inscription on the mirror read: "Put on mascara".
If we take out the pe, la tiene, la o and la ene, the letters we have left...
are the uno, the eme, the a, the ese, the ce, the a, the yerra and the a.
There are many as.
Could it be a Japanese name?
Ce and a are pronounced the same as ka and a.
I can think of...
Asaka.
The Asaka, the prime suspect.
If from the letters u, eme, a, a, a, ce, a, yerra and in you take out "ASAC",
we are left with the one, the eme and the yerra.
If we change the order...

Rum.
The spirit detective, in Gaito Hotta?
Eh?
He says he wants to solve an old murder case, that of Koji Haneda?
Huh?
I just saw someone running away from the balcony.
Oh!
Ko-Koji... Haneda?
What's wrong, Takagi?
What's wrong with you?
Nothing, when I hit that punch on the table...
something got stuck in my hand.
I'd say it's salt.
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Murder of the Spirit Detective (part one)'."

