"Rom."
"Just as I had deduced,
"The person who killed Koji Haneda
"Is a bodyguard named Asaka,
who disappeared from the scene of the crime."
"He is believed to be the number two
of the Men in Black organization."
"Rom is made to say."
"Although in Haneda he would have wanted to leave
"A message just before he died,
I can't get the gist of it."
"For starters, is Asaka a first name or is it a surname?"
"If it's a surname, I can't tell if it's a man or a woman."
"And what poison must he have been forced to take, Koji Haneda?"
"It seems it was a substance created by Ay's parents."
"But she, who recreated it some time later,
insisted that her intention was not to manufacture a poison."
"Besides, when in Gin she forced me to drink it,
I remember she muttered..."
Heh... We'll use this.
The new poison just developed by the Organization.
They say they've managed to make it undetectable.
It's ideal for committing the perfect crime.
Although I understand it's an experimental prototype
that has not yet been tested on humans.
"This means that the substance they had me take.
"It was the same one that had recreated the Ay
and I was the first person they tested it on."
Eh?
An interview?
I'm already here!
With another detective?
The detective of the spirits, in Gaito Hotta?
Yes, I remember a long time ago...
there was a shady character by that name.
"Be that as it may, I have to get more information."
"But it's been a long time since you can't find information about the case to the internet;
there hasn't been any news for a long time."
Eh?
You say you want to solve an old murder case, that of Koji Haneda?
Wasn't the murder of Koji Haneda
wasn't it 17 years ago in the U.S. or thereabouts?
If I'm not mistaken,
it's an old case that hasn't been solved yet, right?
What?
That you plan to invoke the spirit of Koji Haneda?
I can't waste my time with a ridiculous program like this.
That at the moment it's just a section of a late-night program.
but which, if it's successful,
it'll go on prime time.
and my name will appear,
and that the idea is to have Yoko Okino as the host?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
That tomorrow morning you will explain to me
how the whole hotel restaurant will go?
All right, you guys.
By the way, how much will I get paid?
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"The information about en Rom is disturbing."
"What will the spirit detective reveal?"
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The murder of the spirit detective (part one)."
May I know why you have to come with me everywhere?
Because the Ran spent the night at the karate camp
and she's not at home.
And it's not fair for you to go alone, to have breakfast at the hotel.
He will pay for the TV station, this breakfast, surely.
But just in case, don't order anything too expensive.
Besides, I'm looking forward to meeting the famous spirit detective.
They say that this man, in Gaito Hotta,
has the power to summon the spirits of the dead
and reveals things that only people close to the missing person know.
Yes.
I have seen on the internet
that he once found the skeleton of a dead person in the mountain.
It was just a coincidence.
In the end it turned out to be someone else's bones.
Besides, a lot of the things he was saying...
he knew because he had investigated the cases before.
One day they found out that he had paid people

to give false information about a missing person.
The media sank him and he disappeared from the map.
I'm surprised he was given a TV slot again.
But wow, if he has reappeared to fool people again,
I, the Sleeping Kogoro, will find him out in no time.
Ha-ha!
"But... if this man....
"He decides to invoke the spirit of Koji Haneda,
"a person who died so long ago,
"It must mean
that he has information about the case that no one else knows about."
"Therefore, I have to know what he intends at all costs."
"And find out the identity of en Rom."
(Man) Mr. Mouri!
-Hello.
-Mm?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I'm sorry you had to come so early.
Don't be sorry.
Yes.
How do you do?
Ah!
You must be Conan, right?
I hear tell you're the Kid's nightmare.
If you don't mind, I'd like you to be on the show too.
Yes.
Well, then, we could arrange everything over breakfast.
Okay, but first I'll take you to Mr. Hotta's room.
He said he wanted to show you how to summon the spirits first.
-Come on, let's go.
We won't keep him waiting.
-Of course...
You know what?
I'm really glad you decided to come with Conan.
Although the part where he invokes the spirits is a bit of a fake,
I'll be able to search the kid with a straight face.
"I find it hard to believe that this nano can surprise with anything."
(Door: doorbell)
Wow, he doesn't answer, that's strange.
Because it should be in the room.
This morning, when we confirmed the time via email,
he told me he was meeting someone else before you.
So, it is possible that it is still with that person.
Caram.
I see that Mr. Hotta emailed me an hour ago.
What a ?!
"They're about to kill me. Help me."
-Look, we do something...
-How can that be?
Are you serious?
I'm running to reception to see if a bellboy can open the door for us.
You stay here, don't let anyone suspicious leave the room.
Understood.
I hope this isn't all part
of a little stunt they've pulled on us.
Gee, what's taking him so long?
Where the hell has he gone, this man?
Excuse me, I'm sorry...
Look, they're coming.
It took me a while to make them understand.
Mr. Hotta, obri'ns.
Excuse me, mr. Hotta, what's in the room?
Cut the "mr. Hotta" and open the door.
Yes, ok, understood.
I'm opening.
-Wait a moment. -Wait a moment.
- (cell phone)
I have a call.
Hello, Mr. Hotta, is that you?
Mr. Hotta, listen...
Well, they hung up.
They must have the wrong phone.
-Okay. -Okay.
-Well, then, I open, eh?
- (cracking)
-Excuse me, Mr. Hotta... -Huh?
-What was that noise?
-What was that noise?
Something's broken.
Mm?
Two wine glasses and two plates.
Until a moment ago there was someone here drinking wine.
We must have surprised her when we came in,
she dropped the plates and glasses,
stepped on the wine that was on the floor
and went into the other room.
But it's a fourth floor!
I just saw someone running away from the balcony.
Yes, but I'm sure I saw a silhouette.
(Jackhammer: clatter)
He's probably passed in the next room jumping over the balcony.
And look, he's left his wine-stained slippers here.
It's as clear as day.
-(Kogoro) Yeah.
- (Kogoro) Hey, boy, come here.
Is someone staying in the room next door?
Yes, it's room 403.
A young man, a high school student, moved in a week ago.
Eh?
A nano is in a hotel room alone for a whole week?
By the way, what's that loud noise you hear all the time?
It's from the renovation work on the floor below.
Since they make so much noise and everything is shaking,
they rent these rooms cheaper.
Oh, they do?
Then what?
Where is Mr. Gaito Hotta?
Not here.
I'd say he's in bed.
Because you can see someone.
"But he hasn't moved an inch since we came in."
"Therefore, he must already be..."
How awful!
Who could have done such a thing?
But... Mr. Hotta!

Mr. Hotta!
Don't come any closer.
Don't even think of touching him.
Oh, right...
I'll call the front desk and ask them to call the police.
No, you'd better stay here with Mr. Kokura.
Call the police from here.
Because if the murderer jumps the balcony again and comes in here,
one person alone won't be enough to catch him.
-But listen, and you, where?
-Have we... should we catch her?
To take a look in the next room.
Although the nano who is perhaps already dead, right now.
(Door: doorbell)
Damn, he's not answering either.
(Doorbell) "The killer must have already attacked him."
(Girl) Can you tell who's calling?
What a scandal.
Ostras, but if you are...
Well... It's that man from the detective agency, isn't it?
Gee, but if you're... but if you're Masumi!
Conan!
You're you too!
What a surprise!
Hey.
Never mind, now, this.
Did someone come into your room?
Mm?
No, and now, no one!
Why, why?
-Yes, of course.
-Are you sure?
There's no one else in this room.
Let me see if I understand what happened.
He says he went into the room next door, room 402,
with Mr. Kokura, the TV director..,
"...to meet the spirit detective, Gaito Hotta."
"But, after they opened the door,"
they heard the sound of wine glasses and dishes breaking.
They have entered currents
"... and they saw that someone had stepped on the earthen wine."
"Then, they realized that the trail of wine led to the bedroom,
so they opened the door and went in."
"The balcony was open
and he thought he saw someone fleeing across the balcony."
And since my room is room 403, the one next door,
he came to the conclusion
"That someone has climbed onto the balcony,
"jumped over the railing onto the balcony next door,
and got into my room."
"Next, it appeared to them that Mr. Hotta was sleeping on the bed,
they went over, lifted the sheets and found her dead."
Did I explain everything well?
That's why we came right away
to see if the suspect had entered your room.
Well, no, I told you I'm alone.
But it's just that on the balcony of the room next door
we found some slippers stained with wine.
We're on the fourth floor,
so the killer could only have fled over the balcony.
Let me check your room for a moment.
The murderer may have entered quietly and may have been hiding.
(Masumi) How should I tell you that there is no one else?
Back to the subject, do you have any idea who the murderer might be?
At the moment we only know
that the victim had arranged to meet someone before his date with me.
Therefore, there's a good chance...
that this person did it, the murder.
All of this may be related to a crime from 17 years ago.
In Gaito Hotta, he said he wanted to invoke the spirit of Koji Haneda.
Ko-Koji... Haneda?
And what did he explain to you, this detective, about this case?
-Nothing, because she's been murdered before.
-What did he know?
Masumi, you know him, you, Koji Haneda?
Yes, like everyone else, he was a professional shogi player.
Look, if you want to help us,
let me take a look at your room.
You know, when the police arrive, they'll want to search it, too.
Okay, you're right.
But I've got panties and clothes all over the floor.
Let me tidy up a bit first.
Oh, man.
How long does it take you to pick up four panties?
Excuse me a moment.
I just got word from the front desk right now.
Someone complained
that there's a car parked outside the parking spaces.
It wouldn't be one of yours, would it?
Ah.
Yes, it's mine, I'm sorry.
The parking lot was full and I left it anyway, sorry.
I thought later when I parked it would be fine, but it slipped my mind.
I'll take it out right away.
See you now.
Go ahead.
Hey.
"If you have to hide in a hurry, the best place is the balcony."
"But how can that be? There's no one there."
"One thing is clear."
"Like the wine-stained slippers are the balcony next door,

it makes sense that the killer would have jumped down here."
"It's a fourth floor, he couldn't have jumped down."
"Huh? There's a car parked right under the balcony."
"How come they parked it here?"
"Mr. Kokura?"
"Why, it's the car that was parked wrong."
"It's a convertible model."
"I see you have a nice car."
"But I don't understand..."
"There are plenty of places, in the parking lot!"
"How come you left it here?"
"I'll take a picture of it with my cell phone just in case."
"Maybe I should take one of the bottom of the balcony too."
What are you doing, Conan?
Mr. Mouri is looking for you.
He says he's finished checking the room.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
You see?
I always tell you, don't I, that this boy is very clever.
You've got to hurry up and solve the case, we can't waste any more time.
If the police search the room, we run the risk of them finding me.
Search before they find out
there's information about Koji Haneda
and decide to come and investigate.
Ah... Okay.
"Mm? What's this?"
I understand everything that happened until you found the corpse.
But there's one thing I don't see clearly.
God that, as soon as the door was opened,
someone fleeing threw the glasses and plates to the ground and they broke.
At that time, the renovation work started on the floor below and, according to what I was told
and, according to what I was told, the room was shaking a little, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
The work starts every day at 9:00 a.m., Inspector.
Which is the time that is in the system in the victim's room, isn't it?
Yes.
So, couldn't it be that the cups and plates...
were left on one end of the table
and fallen off because of the vibrations from the construction work?
We could do something.
Leave your cell phones on the end of the table and we'll check what's going on.
Yes, very good thinking.
All right, everybody ready?
Let's go, then!
Gee, that's funny.
Half of the cell phones have fallen,
but the other half are still on the table.
It's true, even if they move,
you can't tell which way they will move,
so there are mobiles that haven't fallen.
You are absolutely right.
Even if they had left the plates on one end of the table,
the chances of them falling to the floor would only be 50%.
I agree.
And we also can't be 100% sure
that the work will start promptly at 9 o'clock.
In fact, they do.
They start at 9 o'clock every day, not a minute later.
They were running late and the hotel has put a lot of pressure on them to hurry.
It could be that they started before 9 o'clock, no?
No, impossible, because one day there was a customer....
who came down to the reception desk very angry
and complained that they were starting one minute before the stipulated time.
So the builders
have decided to synchronize their clocks with those of the hotel.
Wow...
In fact, it was a coincidence,
that we opened the door of the room at 9 o'clock.
We opened it at that time so that Mr. Kokura
took a long time to get the bellboy to come with the master key.
Gee, what's taking him so long?
Where the hell did he go?
Excuse me, I'm sorry...
Look, they're coming.
It took me a while to make them understand.
Mr. Kokura has gone to look for a bellboy
because he saw he had an e-mail from Mr. Hotta.
Caram.
I see that Mr. Hotta sent me an email an hour ago.
What a ?!
"They are about to kill me. Help me."
-Look, we do something...
-How can that be?
Are you serious?
I'm running to reception to see if a bellboy can open the door for us.
You stay here, and don't let anyone suspicious leave the room.
Understood.
Anyway, that mail arrived...
an hour before Mr. Kokura knew he had received it.
If he had noticed it right away,
we would have entered Mr. Hotta's room much earlier.
So... you mean it can't possibly be a strategy?
Yes, the killer must have sensed that we were coming in, and when he ran away,
the glasses and plates fell on him...
What's wrong with you, Takagi?

What's wrong with you?
Nothing, when I hit that blow on the table...
something got stuck in my hand.
"Salt?"
I'd say it's salt.
"I get it."
"If he used salt, it would explain what the inspector said."
"Besides, the match he was talking about in Kogoro would be..."
Wow!
He says that when he punched the table
right where the broken plates and glasses were,
he got salt on his hand, didn't he?
Listen.
You know what, Masumi?
You talk as if you were telling someone what happened.
What?
What a thing to say!
It's just that there are people...
"...who repeat things out loud to organize ideas."
Didn't you know that?
Yes?
Are you serious?
No, I had no idea.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
Mm?
Listen to something, Kogoro.
Are you sure you saw someone running away from the balcony?
I saw it with my own eyes.
Didn't you imagine it?
Yes.
It's all a bit sticky.
What, did you find something?
You found traces of something stuck to the top of the balcony...
Aaaah!
But what's this?
Kogoro, what happened?
You found something?
"Don't miss the next episode:
The murder of the spirit detective (part two)."

