(Shinichi voice) "En Kogoro and I have gone to the hotel
Of the spirit detective, in Gaito Hotta, to talk to him."
"Finally, when we have managed to enter his room,
we found her dead in bed."
"Also, in the next room..."
(Conan voice) Eh?
(Masumi) May I know who's calling?
What a scandal!
-Ah...
-Eh?
Gee, but you're...
Well... It's that man from the detective agency, isn't it?
Well, if it isn't... if it isn't Masumi!
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"Is there someone else, with the Masumi, in the next room?"
"The case becomes even darker. The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetai nda.

"The murder of the spirit detective (Part Two)."
Something, by the way.
Mr. Hotta ordered this wine in the room?
Yes, he said he was expecting someone...
and he asked to bring him a bottle of wine
and some snacks for two people.
Aaa... Do you know who that person was who was waiting, Mr. Kokura?
Ah.
No, sorry, I have no idea.
Yes, gosh-goodness-doesn't it.
It's really hot in here, isn't it?
It's true that it's cooled off,
but it's still not cold enough to turn on the heat.
If the killer wanted to hide the exact time of mr. Hotta's death,
he should have turned up the heat in the bedroom.
But it turns out he didn't, he did the opposite:
He left the balcony open and it's rather cold.
Listen to something, Kogoro...
Are you sure you saw someone running away from the balcony?
I saw it with my own eyes.
You didn't imagine it?
Did you?
Someone just fled over the balcony!
By the way, when he came in and found the balcony open,
there was a gust of wind.
A gust of wind?
It must have been... because I left the front door open.
In case a suspicious person came out of the room.
So I could film it with the video camera.
But how did you think of that, leaving the door open?!
Yes, it's true.
The murderer would have been able to flee!
But if he couldn't run away, maybe he would have attacked me, right?
Mm...
Ha!
Man, you're right.
Well then, the glasses must have fallen because of the draft.
I-I don't think so, because it represents that they fell at the moment...
that they opened the door to the room, which was before...
Eh?
I want to know something, Conan.
When you found the victim's body, that bellhop was there too?
Yes, first Kogoro and I came with Mr. Kokura...
and rang the doorbell of the room.
But since Mr. Hatto didn't answer...
Oh, well, he doesn't answer, that's strange.
Because it should be in the room.
"Then, all of a sudden, Mr. Kokura realized...
"that Mr. Hotta had sent him an e-mail almost an hour ago...
and opened it right there."
What a ?!
"They're about to kill me. Help me!"
"That's why he ran to get the bellboy,
because he opened the door to the room with a master key."
Oh, really?
So what?
Did the bellboy come and open the door for you right away?
No, when he was about to open it...
-Just a moment.
I have a call.
- (cell phone)
Hello, Mr. Hotta, is that you?
Mr. Hotta, listen...
Well, they hung up.
They must have the wrong phone.
-Okay.
-Well, then, I'll open it, huh? -Well, I'll open it, huh?
"So, when we opened the door..."
What's that?
What do you think?

I've explained everything well... to whom you already know?
Ah.
I don't understand you... What do you mean, "to whom you already know"?
By the way, you know what we should do?
Take a look at the balcony frame, on the outside.
That's good.
Upstairs...
Yes.
What, did you find something?
It's all a bit sticky,
like something's been glued on.
Okay, so.
You found traces of something stuck to the top of the balcony.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Mm.
You two.
What are you doing here?
Come on, get out.
I mean, they probably stuck something...
on top of the balcony that would fly off when someone opened the door.
Besides, the air always behaves the same way...
and circulates from hot to cold...
But even if it had hit something,
I don't think the current would have started it up.
And if it had taken off,
the thing that flew off should have fallen somewhere, no?
Wow..., you're absolutely right.
You know what I say?
I'm almost convinced
that the murderer can be none other than Mr. Kokura.
Inspector Megure, we're leaving now.
Mm.
Thank you very much for everything.
Ah...!
What's this?!
Kogoro, what happened?
Did you find something?
No, it's just that... when I went in to go to the bathroom,
the toilet lid lifted by itself and I got really scared.
(Thinking) "Oh my God, use the toilet at the crime scene."
There are more and more places that have them, these toilets.
-So much so.
-Oh, yeah?
Wow...
They have sensors, and when people approach them, they open automatically.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure, they have sensors and they open automatically."
"With sensors..., automatically..., with sensors..."
Come on, let's not keep him waiting.
Wow!
Now I see that Mr. Hotta sent me an email an hour ago.
What?
"They're about to kill me. Help me!".
Excuse me, I'm sorry... It took me a while to make them understand.
-One moment, I have a call.
- (cell phone)
They must have the wrong phone.
- (plate and glass: brittle)
-Excuse me, Mr. Hotta?
Eh?
I just saw someone running away from the balcony!
(Shinichi, thinks) "There's a car parked right under the balcony."
"How come they parked it here? I get it, I know how it went."
Mm?
Hey, listen, Masumi...
What's that?
I have to deliver what, you say?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Wow! I have no choice."
Eh?
(Conan voice) Hey, Kogoro...
Come on, I want to show you something.
(Shinichi, thinks) What?
What t'empatolles, now, boy?
What a pain...
Come on, come here a moment.
The scientists have already finished.
I don't know what we have to do here.
Ah!
Uh..., ouch...!
-Ah..., ah...! -Ah..., ah...!
-What does it say? -What does it say?
What does it say?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Alright, everything's ready for the Sleeping Kogoro."
"Although it's risky, because there is Masumi."
"Come on, then: now all I have to do is to activate
the voice transformer, use Kogoro's and..."
"Oh, how-how can that be?"
"Oops! I've lost the voice transformer!"
"Gee, boy. I must have dropped it and didn't notice."
"Without the voice transformer,
the Sleeping Kogoro can't solve the case."
"And this one is already asleep. What shall I do now?"
Where are you Kogoro?
But... Don't tell me we're at it again!
That means you've already solved the case.
About it..., Mr. Mouri?
You mean he's not really sleeping this time?
(Conan voice) It's a matter of time.
He must be thinking to tie up ends.
(Conan voice) Gee.
And to think he needs to do it in this position?
Ouch...
(Shinichi, thinking) "For Musumi it would be an easy case."
"But he doesn't know about Mr. Kokura's car."
Eh?
Hey, Conan...
I can give you a hand, if you want.
Because I see you need it.
No, and now!
I don't know why you say that, if nothing happens!
Mr. Mouri, like this?
Is something wrong?
Hey, hello, answer, man...!
Hey, leave it!
That's funny, he fell asleep.
(Kogoro voice) Actually, sleep is a biological process...
which consists of a periodic loss of consciousness.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's Kogoro's voice!"
It is virtually impossible for people to talk in their sleep.

"Do you have a cell phone behind the back of your neck?"
Of course, there are always exceptions.
"Where should he talk from?"
Like people who talk in their sleep.
What I'll say now may sound like the nonsense words
of someone who sleeps.
But, as they are the words of the detective...
who has solved this preposterous case,
I ask you to listen to me.
"Sure, use the voice transformer from behind the curtain!"
"Fuck!"
Xxxt!
Don't interrupt her, okay?
If I may, today I will be brief and get straight to the point.
The man who has murdered the so called "spirit detective",
Mr. Hotta,
and staged the whole thing to make it look like the perpetrator of the crime
was running off the balcony when we got to the room...
is the TV director, Mr. Sanpei Kokura.
But you said earlier that the dishes had fallen on the floor when you opened the room door.
when you opened the door to the room,
that you had followed the footprints of the person
who had stepped on the spilled wine,
and that the moment you opened the bedroom door.
you had thought you saw someone fleeing over the balcony.
The work on the floor below had already begun
and the floor of the room was vibrating a little,
but the probability of the dishes falling was only 50%.
Therefore, it could not be said that it was a very reliable trick.
(Kogoro voice) No, it was 100% reliable.
It was impossible for the plates not to fall on the floor.
What-what was impossible, you say?
How's that?
-(man) What do you want?
- (man) Excuse me.
I have brought the glass cup, the bottle of wine,
the plate and the salt to make the recreation.
As Mr. Mouri asked me to do.
(man) Oh!
(man) How?
(Kogoro voice) Perfect, we can start now.
Put the plate on the edge of the board, about to fall.
Then leave a handful of salt next to the plate,
towards the center of the table.
Very good, okay.
That's it.
Now place the cup on top of the salt.
Tilt it slightly towards the plate.
There I place the glass... slightly tilted...
I've already put it on.
It holds.
Without touching the cup, blow to remove the salt.
Don't blow too hard and make sure you don't drop it.
Oh, my goodness!
The glass has not fallen.
That's right, and as everyone can see, it holds with very few grains of salt,
it holds up with very few grains of salt.
Finally, I want you to place the bottle against the base of the cup
and shake the table.
The glass becomes unbalanced, the bottle blocks it,
and inevitably falls towards the plate.
Then both the cup and the plate fall to the floor.
If we have previously placed another broken plate and another broken glass on the floor
broken on the floor,
all the objects will break on impact and make a lot of noise.
What was that noise?
Something has broken.
(Kogoro voice) "Spreading wine on the ground and leaving wine-stained footprints.
"In the direction of the bedroom,
he wanted us to believe that the murderer had fled there."
In addition, he turned on the heating in the living room...
to create a temperature difference...
"... between the living room and the bedroom."
"So when we opened the bedroom door...
...a current of air was generated which scattered the pinch of salt..."
...that had been left on the table.
I was afraid that, even if the amount of salt was very small,
the police might be able to deduce his strategy.
Sure, I get it!
And he used the air current to tear off something
that was stuck to the frame of the balcony.
"Thus he created the illusion of someone fleeing the room."
(Kogoro voice) Don't run so fast, man, and think a little.
How do you want some draft
carry away the one that had stuck to the frame without a trace?
-Let's say it was blown away by the wind.
-Oh...!
You mean it flew off and disappeared,
as if by magic, without anyone seeing it?
Then, how did it do it, let's see?
With a fine fishing line tied to the door.
"He mounted it so that it would come loose when the door was opened."
"What he did was to glue a piece of clothing
the same color as the curtains to the balcony frame."
"He has run the fishing line from the door to the clothes,
and glued it on."
"Then, on the end of the fishing line is tied a weight....
and passed it over the railing."
When the door was opened, the fishing line jumped out....

and the weight that was attached to the thread has dragged the clothes.
It's a rather rudimentary trick
but it has managed to create the effect of someone running away from the balcony.
But what happened to the clothes that fell?
-Shouldn't he have found someone?
(Shinichi, think) "Masumi?"
(Kogoro voice) Masumi....
I'd say you didn't see it.
"Mr. Kokura has parked his car right under the balcony,
and he happens to have a convertible."
"If you ask,
"they can incorporate the control to open and close the roof for you
into the car key."
"You just hold down the close button."
"And if you then stick it to the weight hanging on the balcony railing..."
(Command: pip)
"When the weight dragging the clothes has fallen inside the car,
the roof closed."
The car was badly parked, but it didn't attract attention for anything else.
By the way, this trick could only work?
if he could get me into the room at 9 o'clock on the dot,
when the construction began.
That's why the killer must have programmed the cell phone
so that it would ring one minute before 9 o'clock.
-One moment, I have a call.
- (cell phone ringing)
Hello, Mr. Hotta, is that you?
Mr. Hotta, listen...
Well, they hung up.
They must have the wrong phone.
(Kogoro voice) This strategy allowed him to perfectly control the moment when the bellboy
the moment when the bellhop opened the door of the room.
If the victim had sent that email asking for help an hour earlier,
it is most likely that he also died around that time.
In this country, which has many earthquakes,
it would not have been prudent to prepare the salt trick
many hours in advance.
If I am not mistaken, in his car although we can find...
the weight and the clothes he has used to trick me.
"In addition to the murder weapon to kill Mr. Hotta..."
...and his blood-stained clothes.
Yes...
The bloodstained clothes are still in the trunk of the car,
and so is the knife.
The faker who dared to show in public the corpse of my little sister had to be killed!
the corpse of my little sister!
Your little sister?
Several years ago,
my little sister committed suicide on the mountain.
She left a note saying that,
after having had a strong disappointment in love,
she had decided to hang herself.
I looked for her, but there was no way to find her body.
And then one day...
"... on a television program, Gaito Hotta explained...
"That he felt the presence of a dead person on a mountain,
but that it was not the person he represented he was looking for."
And he dug up my sister's body!
Do you know where I'm going with this?
Although he had found my sister after hanging himself,
he buried her in the mountain without informing the police!
And you put on the show to display your supernatural powers!
-Huh?
-That's why... I had to do it.
I had to do it!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oops!"
"He's back in the next room."
Come on, he'll explain it to us at the police station.
No, not yet.
First... I have to tell her.
I have to go to her grave and explain to her
that I've been able to punish the man... who dishonored her once she was dead.
Ah, ah...!
Hey, hey!
Ah, ah!
What are you doing?!
(Shinichi, thinks) "He's jumped into the other room!"
Ah, ah, ah...
Damn it!
May I know who you are?!
Oh my... It comes out of the middle!
(Shinichi, thinks) "What? Is it death...?"
"No, it attacked her without affecting any vital organs."
"In the few seconds it took me to get in.........
"It knocked him unconscious with the speed
of a secret service agent."
"Who attacked him, surely it must have been..."
Eh?
Mother?
Oh, sorry.
Aaa... yes.
By the way, Conan... are you okay?
(Shinichi voice) Did he say... "mother"?
(Police: siren)
(Masumi) Congratulations!
You've been great, mother.
And you quickly learned how to operate
Conan's voice transformer.
Yes, luckily the dialer had some parameters recorded.
It is obvious that you must use it very often, the voice of the detective.
I find it amazing that you can mimic the voice of so many people
with such a simple and easy to use device.

I can imagine using it in a myriad of situations.
It's very exciting.
Ahem, ahem...
Yes, you're absolutely right!
(Masumi, thinking) "But I don't see you getting too excited."
And you were able to find out the information I had on Gaito Hotta?
Ah, yes.
Just before he was taken away by the police,
that man, in Sanpei Kokura,
said that someone saw the Asaka, who was acting as a bodyguard,
before he disappeared,
and that he was seen to be holding the mirror in his hand.
It seems that in Gaito Hotta he had discovered that the Asaka was a woman.
He wanted to summon Koji's spirit and shout:
"It's a woman, a woman wants to kill me!",
or some such nonsense.
Was it really just that?
How stupid!
By the way, start packing your bags, we have to go.
What?
So soon?
I'd been under the illusion that I could explain to Conan where I lived...
There are all kinds of monsters lurking in the dark.
You have to be on your toes whenever you have Conan around.
He's a totally different person from the boy we met 10 years ago.
Understood.
("Yesterday Love", Mai Kuraki)

Kuyashii KEDO soredemo Omois tsuzukete iku no deshou.
Konno ni suki na hazu Nanon nakenai "jibun" ga iru Naze?
Itta "watashi" wa "dare" de "dwarf" na no ka?
"Hontou no jibun" sagashi ni ikitai
"Koi" wa Itsu no mo aoku setsunai misuterii.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my LOVE,
"Jibun" no yowasa to samishisa ni.
Ima wo nigete ikun ya nai habataite ikun da
Koko kara sueldo tobitatsun da.
YESTERDAY LOVE, goodbye my TEARS,
Ichido shika nai Jinsei.
Kako no jibun kara "ano sora" y tonde Ikou.
Soshite tooku kara
"Kimi ga suki!"
(Shinichi, think) "The Asaka used to be a bodyguard
and now it turns out it was a woman."
"If it's the number two of the Men in Black, then in Rum..."
"Could it be that the person that Ay described" as a feminine man "....
is a woman, but inside is as strong as a man?"
"If he was working as a bodyguard 17 years ago, he must be big by now."
"If he was given the same substance as me.
"And he went all the way back to high school.........
"The main suspect would be the girl
whom Masumi calls 'mother'."
"Who would that be?"
I have good news, Gin.
It seems that in Gaito Hotta,
that man who was investigating the death of Koji Haneda,
has passed on.
I don't give a damn about the mistakes Rum made 17 years ago,
I'm telling you now.
Instead, what really worries me is the Sleeping Kogoro.
Mm?
It seems that this morning he helped solve
the murder of this spirit detective.
There are all kinds of monsters lurking in the dark,
and if he's a...
we'll be forced to eliminate him in his sleep.
Call the police!
What are you saying?
That you've escaped?!
Look how stupid you are!
You no longer need to come!
What have you done to him?
What have they done to him?
-Hello.
-Oh...
What are you celebrating here?
(Think) "Which of these three people will have killed her,
Mrs. Kokubo?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure. I know what happened."
(Conan voice) "Don't miss the next episode: 'The foul-mouthed bird'."

