(Snorts)
(Man) "I'm sorry, Furuya."
"They've found out... that I'm a secret agent."
"The only way out I have
...is hell."
"Goodbye,
...Zero."
(Gunshot)
(Slides)
(gasps)
Oh.
Traitors
deserve the punishment of death.
Wasn't it?
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"What really happened between the Akai and the Scotch."
"The tragedy of the Men in Black does not end."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetaetai nda.

"The stage of betrayal (part one)."
(Vermouth, from afar) Bourbon.
Bourbon.
-Eh?
-Eh, Bourbon.
"Eh?"
This is all you can think of?
You've gone too far.
You were supposed to turn right.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had... I had something else on my mind.
That's strange, coming from you.
But I guess that means you weren't listening to me, then.
Of course I was listening.
I understand that I have to find it before I present it in public
and, if necessary, make her disappear, right?
She's a famous person.
If you think you'll find it hard to get close, I can disguise you as one of her.
No, that won't be necessary.
I've thought about it and I know how I'm going to do it.
I've had an idea.
Gee, you.
I just don't understand why two students as lively as we are
should have to clean the library of a fanatic of mysteries
who, on top of that, isn't even at home.
It's just not right, man.
Come on, we only have to do it once in a while.
"Thanks, girls."
The truth is that I really appreciate it, that you help me.
This house is huge.
I couldn't clean it by myself.
"Sonoko..."
And now!
I love cleaning.
By the way, what about your friend, Masumi Sera?
How come she didn't come?
What happened?
Well, I do not know.
We had invited her.
She told me that in the end she couldn't come
because she had to change hotels again.
Lucky you, isn't she?
Ah, of course.
Are you sure about that?
I'd love to live in a hotel.
"Sure, you're a rich girl who lives in a mansion."
"In fact, it's like you live in a hotel all the time."
By the way, have you ever noticed...
if there is a person who always watches over Masumi Sera?
It is a bodyguard who is never separated and who, in case of danger,
is always ready to cut down anyone who attacks him.
He is a man by the name of Asaka.
Anyway, I doubt he uses this name.
Yes.
I know what you mean, but it's not called Asaka.
So much so.
Do you know who this person is?
Do you know who that person is?
I meant you, Ran.
Yes.
You're like my bodyguard.
And, in case of danger,
you're always ready to cut down anyone who attacks me.
(Sonoko: laughing)
Don't be a donkey...
Come on.
Actually, now that you're talking about Asaka,
the new song that is about to be released by Rokumichi Hado,
the rock star, is called: ASAC.
Considering that he composed it 17 years ago,
it's about time he put lyrics to it, right?
It looks like he will sing it at the next concert.
"Seventeen years ago?"
And don't you find it a bit strange, the title of the song?
What do you find strange about it?
The other day,
when he announced the title of the new song on the internet,
he wrote "ASAC" in Latin alphabet and with a C instead of a K.
"Instead of a K..."
"... a C?"
How is this?
Why does he write it with a C and not a K?
I don't know.
I'm convinced there's some explanation.
Can't you think of one?

If you are so interested to know, ask him.
We have been invited to Rokumichi Hado's concert rehearsal.
If you want, come with us and ask him.
Can I come along?
Girls, I'd really like to join you at this rehearsal, too.
-What?
You'll come too?
-Would you mind if I join you?
I'm a big fan of Rokumichi Hado.
Of course you can come!
By the way, do you remember when they announced it, the title song?
Well... it was last week.
It was a bombshell news
because it had been 5 years since he had released a new one.
That's right.
"... this means...
"So...
...they must have realized."
...that they also...
What?!
What do you mean we can't watch the rehearsal?
-I'm so sorry, girls.
-Why not?
It turns out that the lyrics of the new song are not quite finished yet.
Mr. Fairy wants to finish it
composing it on stage, but without an audience,
and he needs us to leave it alone for two hours.
Does he do this very often?
Does it happen often?
Yes, sometimes it does.
It's better that we leave it alone.
It looks like it's the last live performance of his career.
"A giant."
The last performance, you say?
So, are those who say he's retiring in Rokumichi right?
Yes, he is.
We have tried to stop him,
but he wants to announce it tomorrow in front of his fans during the concert.
(Man) Have they already settled the outstanding issues?
It's inconceivable that he would retire with a contract in place.
His record company threatened him saying that if he withdrew, they would take the case to court,
they would take the case to the courts and make him pay a fortune
for breach of contract.
What are you doing here?
And how did you get in?
The only way in is through the front door.
I had to bribe one of the employees,
I paid him in exchange for his jacket.
Come to think of it,
you've solved your part of the problem too, Miss Enjoi?
What problem?
I don't know if it's true, but rumor has it...
that the title of the new song, "ASAC"..,
is the name of Rokumichi's new girlfriend.
And they also say that you, who went out with him for many years,
got very angry and tried to stop him from introducing the song.
Who made this up?
What I've heard is that your publisher
gave you a good scolding because another magazine
found out before you did that Rokumichi was retiring.
"What have you done, during the 15 years you've been chasing in Rokumichi?", he said.
That's precisely why I wanted to sneak into the rehearsal
by posing as one of the employees.
I intend to publish an exclusive bombshell
and make some noise before he retires.
-Huh?
Yes.
-Hey, you two.
This man is not from the team.
Take him out.
What?
Hey, I've paid to get in.
Grant me one less interview.
Let me go.
Hey, hey!
What are you doing?
We should leave too, shouldn't we?
Yes, let's go, we have to go to school tomorrow.
What's that?
We're leaving already?
I'm sorry, girls,
but it's not worth it for him to stay here waiting for you.
I get it.
We don't know when the rehearsal will start.
Too bad we can't stay,
considering it's his last concert.
I feel sorry for you, Subaru.
We don't like it as much as you do.
What?
So, who's the one who wanted to come to the rehearsal?
I insisted.
The other day, at Poirot,
I said I was a big fan of Rokumichi Hado,
and Sonoko arranged for me to come to the rehearsal.
It turns out that the Suzuki Group, Sonoko's family,
is one of the major investors in the label.
Hey, Azusa.
Did you come too?
You didn't seem very interested the other day at Poirot.
When I'm at work I try to hide it,
but I also like it very much.
So, when I left the cafeteria,
I followed Toru secretly here so that I could see the rehearsal of en Hado.
I wasn't expecting it either.
I didn't realize it until I was already at the door and she called me.
In the end, we were able to convince the staff...
to let us both in.

"What I didn't expect was to meet you..., Subaru."
"Thanks for the other day."
"You know who I am, don't you?"
Do you remember me?
Yes, of course I remember you.
If I'm not mistaken, you're the delivery man, right?
Aren't you?
Well... yes.
What, then?
Shall we leave the three fans here and go?
What?
Just a moment.
You're coming with us too, Conan.
What?
Something, Azusa.
You like Rokumichi Hado mostly because he's a great guitar player, right?
I say that because I know that you play it very well too, the guitar.
Really?
Yes, I like him mainly because of that.
But that day you told us that you had never played it before, the guitar, you!
It's true, when we invited you to join our group.
Y-you said.
I said no because I was embarrassed to play in a high school band.
"I thought about it..."
"It's the Vermouth."
"Then I have to get Subaru out here as soon as possible."
For me, their best song is undoubtedly "Blood Kite".
What do you say!
The best is "Fallen Snow Angel."
"Now they start chatting..."
(Flow) Hey, Subaru.
There's a problem, we have to get out of here right away.
You know the saying: "No risk, no gain".
But a timely retreat is a victory.
We're here to do an inspection.
We have to check the fire equipment.
-Wait, don't come in yet. -Wait, don't come in yet.
-Hey, wait a minute. -Hey, wait a minute.
Mm?
(Man: call)
(Ran and Sonoko: squeal)
(Squeak)
Ah!
In Rokumichi is...
Hey, Conan.
Where are you going?
Stop, angel.
Come over here.
You'd better not go any further.
This crime scene isn't right for you.
Did you... Did you just call me "angel"?
Oh, yes.
I said that because you're innocent as an angel, Ran.
Innocent as an angel?
The Ran?
In any case, let the two of them take care of the investigation.
(Vermouth) "In Bourbon, one of the most astute agents...
"of the Men in Black Organization,
"And Shinichi Kudo, the teenage detective...
who became a boy after taking poison."
"But there's another one."
"Who could it be?"
Maybe there's more than one killer.
If only one person did it,
it must be someone with extraordinary strength.
I'm sure you agree with me, Subaru.
Do you remember the other day, when we met?
I thought you had an exceptional capacity for deduction.
And now!
I'm just a graduate student fond of mysteries.
Eh?
"There's a hole, like something's been nailed in."
"Here's a folding chair, a rope and a toolbox."
"It's cut, it must be the rope left over from hanging it,
but... how come they left it here?"
"Stop. What's this? It looks like the string of a star."
"I'd say it's going to the upper seats."
"How strange..."
"On the end of the string is...
a baseball?"
Mm... Fill me in on the case.
Ah, yes.
The victim is musician Rokumichi Hado, 39 years old.
He was scheduled to perform live here tomorrow.
We understand.
What time do we estimate she was killed?
Based on the dilation of the pupils,
I'd estimate between one and two hours.
According to her manager's statement,
two hours ago Mr. Hado closed alone in the auditorium
to finish writing the lyrics of his new song.
Therefore, someone has entered in this interval of time,
put the noose around her neck, strangled her and hung her up.
The lighting was already installed,
so he must have passed the rope
through the structure that supports the light fixtures
and lifted the corpse with the crane that moves the curtains of the curtain.
Allow me to disagree, Inspector.
The room where the crane that moves the curtain curtains is kept was locked.
and, as far as we have been able to learn, at the time of the crime,
the employees who have the key had all gone out to dinner.
Does this mean that the body was hung without the help of a machine?
We suspect that it was done by several people.
If there is no pulley to the structure that holds the spotlights, it is impossible for one person to have done it,
it's impossible for one person to have done it alone.

The folding chair also caught our attention,
the leftover rope and the toolbox on the side of the stage.
The rope used to hang the victim was attached to one of the seats
was tied to one of the seats,
and at the edge of the knot I saw a very suspicious mark.
In addition, on the floor, between the seats of the audience,
there was a baseball attached to a string.
You... you too, Conan?
But what are you all doing here?
First of all, what we should do is to interrogate all the staff.
It's funny, though, that we always have one detective or another...
hanging around crime scenes.
We do, don't we?
And in Conan it deserves a 10 in attendance.
Let's see, according to staff statements,
between 5:30 and 5:30 to 5:30 to 6:00 p.m.,
the estimated time of death,
there have only been two people that no one has been able to confirm where they were:
Mr. Fuse and Ms. enjoi.
Eh?
Wait a minute, let's not be hasty.
I explained earlier that I woke up with an upset stomach today
and I spent part of the afternoon locked in the bathroom.
And I've been running up and down all afternoon,
giving instructions to the staff.
By the way, Inspector.
The person who found the body is one of the firefighters
who had come to make a routine inspection.
Excuse me.
If you're looking for suspects, so is this man.
You, let me go at once.
They died in Roumichi Hado, didn't they?
Yes, that's right.
I bribed one of the employees to leave my jacket behind
and sneaked into the auditorium.
It wasn't yet half past five of 6, it must have been a quarter past five.
If you don't believe me, you can ask the person who left me the jacket.
Something doesn't add up.
Miss Enjoi disappeared
between half past 5 and 10 minutes to 5:00, more or less,
and Mr. Fuse from 5:00 to a quarter to 6:00.
It can't be that two of them agreed to commit the murder together.
to commit the murder together.
Of it, is it possible that any of you like to play baseball?
Don't be so impertinent, Napbuf.
Conan, do me a favor.
I played rugby until I finished my degree.
I liked to play tennis when I was in high school.
I was in the hiking club, but I didn't go.
What I played baseball in high school was in Rokumichi.
I was an outfielder with very powerful pitching.
But why do you ask, buddy?
Not at all, it's just that we found a baseball at the crime scene.
I know which ball it must be.
The one that the members of the baseball club gave to Rokumichi
when he graduated from high school.
He took it with him everywhere.
You can tell he's her ex, he knows everything.
They were together since high school
until he debuted and became famous, right?
Miss enjoi had another secret admirer,
but she turned him down flat.
You know who I'm talking about, Mr. President....
-It doesn't matter how many years ago.
-That was many years ago.
An unrequited love and the death of Rokumichi... It wraps that makes strong.
I don't think it's a coincidence, all this.
By the way, they must not know where it could be,
Mr. Hado's cell phone, do you?
Not found in the dressing room, with all his stuff.
In Rokumichi he always carried his cell phone in his breast pocket.
"The cell phone in his... breast pocket."
"The cell phone... The cell phone..."
"The... cell phone."
Hey, Scotch.
Shit. (Akai)
(Akai) You don't need to check for a pulse.
It's death.
A bullet from this gun just pierced his heart.
Rye... You bastard!
Didn't you know?
He was a mole, a Japanese police infiltrator.
Unfortunately,
the bullet entered his breast pocket
and also pierced his cell phone.
Therefore, we won't know his true identity.
It's like being killed by a ghost.
Because of you.
(Takagi, from afar) Mr. Amuro.
Mr. Amuro.
-Ah... Yes, tell me.
-Mr. Amuro!
I need you to write your name and the word "sorry".
Co-like?
Why? Where were you when we explained?
Where were you when we explained?
This note was found in the victim's breast pocket.
We need a handwriting sample
from everyone in the lobby for analysis.
Of course, of course.

(Vermouth) Conan, do you remember what her name was, the Azusa, last name?
Enomoto.
(Vermouth) Why?
Oh! (Laughs)
Thank you very much.
-(Vermouth) Yes!
-You too, Azusa.
"Vermouth..."
"She knows I've discovered the disguise and she doesn't even pretend anymore."
"She knows for a fact that I can't show her off
because I don't want to involve the Ran or Sonoko."
"Angel... Angel..."
"It's not the first time I've been called that..."
Thank you very much.
Miss enjoi, it's your turn.
I don't know how you guessed it, the Azusa's last name,
but if you had explained the plan to me,
I would have given you the information you needed.
Why did you come disguised as Azusa without telling me?
If it was about finding the lyrics to the new song,
I could have done it myself.
If I had let you come alone,
I wouldn't have been at ease knowing that you are with them.
I didn't know if you would keep the promise you made to me.
I promised you that, no matter what happened,
I wouldn't hurt the two of them, would I?
And the other one, where did he come from?
Do you know him?
Ah, yes, I do.
His name is Subaru Okiya, he's a graduate student at the University of Tokyo.
I haven't known him long, he lives in the house next door to Dr. Aga...
Very well, thank you.
I didn't know you were left-handed.
-No, and now!
-Oh, yes.
What's the matter?
The last time we met,
you took off your mask with your right hand,
that's why I imagined you were right-handed.
-No.
Never mind, don't worry.
-I don't remember.
It's just that there's a man I hate...
to the point of wanting to kill.
And he's left-handed.
That's just it.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Nee tatoeba juunen mira no
Bokura wa dou shiteiru ka na.
Yume no Meiro nuke
doa no soto kimi ga ite
waratteru ka na.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Ima mo boku wa yume no naka.
Oikakete oikakete Doko made mo
mada minu keshiki wo mezasu yo.
Oh, oh...
Sore ga boku no yume kimi to Zutter.
Give it up, Scotch.
"It was that mystery woman
who tried to kidnap in Conan and the Woe."
"And the person who gave him the gun
and forced him to do it was in Shuichi.... Akai."
"Don't miss the next episode.
"The scenario of betrayal (part two)."

