(Shinichi voice) "We have come to see the rehearsal of Rokumichi Hado,
"who 17 years ago composed a song titled 'ASAC'...
and wanted to perform it during tomorrow's concert."
"But..."
Mm?
Mm...!
(All) Eh?
(Girls) Aaaah!
Oh!
Ikusi no meikyuu from IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono himitsu Subete wo tsutaetai nda.
"The sky contemplates the labyrinths of the world."
"Great insight solves all mysteries."
"In the shadow of the stage hide in Toru Amuro,
in Suburu Okiya and the Vermouth."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Sora wo sabishige ni miageru kimi wo miteru.
Boku wa mabataki mo wakaru hodós soba ni iru no ni.
Sugus Soko made semaru Kyou fukaku naru yami.
Mebiusu no wa Mawari tsudzuke nukedasenakute.
Kotae wa Doko ni?
Ikusi no meikyuu de IKUSI no Nazo wo toite.
CHIKAKU ni ite demo tookute kimi to majiwaranai.
Itsu made mo tsudzuku futashika na Mirai demo.
Mada mienai Deguchi motome hashira tsudzukeru kara.
Donna ni Mayotte mo kimi wo mitsukeru kara.
Hontou no boku modoreta nara.
Kono Omois Subete wo tsutaetaetai nda.

"The stage of betrayal (Part Two)."
Really, you say it was the victim,
who wrote the note in his pocket?
Yes, I am.
According to the coroner, the paper belonged to the notebook...
that the victim used to write his songs,
and it turns out that the handwriting on the note matches the handwriting
with the handwriting on Mr. Hado's songs.
So it could be that the victim owed a debt to someone else,
and that's most likely the motive for the murder.
No idea.
Do you know what the debt could be?
All I know is that he felt inferior.
He complained that he wasn't attractive enough,
and he said he had a hard time standing out among the better-looking artists.
Yeah...
It was something he often regretted.
Yes, I always told him it was no big deal,
and that his unattractive appearance was part of his attractiveness.
In fact, lately in Rokumichi he had a makeover.
Perhaps he did look a little nicer.
Her image in general.
What had changed?
The face, perhaps...
In fact, evil tongues say that he had had a face operation.
Rumors of the plastic surgery started to spread
when she graduated from high school.
I have told you a thousand times that all this is false!
At that time we had no money,
we made a part-time living in a transportation company.
That's how we saved up so he could keep playing.
However, in Rokumichi, he had the little shame to leave her....
and, in the end, he ended up marrying someone else.
If I'm not mistaken, it's been 16 years since he got married.
And the song titled "ASAC", the one I wanted to introduce tomorrow,
he composed 17 years ago.
How is it that you had the song in storage for 17 years
without writing lyrics to it until now?
What do you think, Miss Enjoi?
Hey, you, that's enough, right?
Hey..., you know something too, don't you?
They say that, after the last concert,
you and Rokumichi had an argument.
"Why did you hide me for 17 years?", he said.
And, after the argument, you suddenly announced...
that he would introduce a new song titled "ASAC".
I find it quite suspicious, actually...
No, it's not.
Is this true?
It turns out that it's been 17 years since my label signed to Rokumichi.
The other day I told her that I had only helped her make her debut
because I had fallen in love at first sight
with her manager, Miss Enjoi.
I only told him that as a joke, obviously,
but he said that if it was true, he'd retire.
Oh, I get it.
We can't say that's a compelling reason to murder someone, either.
-Hey, wait a minute!
-Well, gentlemen.
I have a job to do.
You said it's an impossible crime that no one could have committed, right?
(Toru, thinks) "An impossible crime... impossible."
Let it go..., Scotch.
"That night, the Scotch had a bloody right hand,
but there was no blood on the tip of his thumb or the back of his hand."
"This means it was he himself who pulled the trigger.

And fired the gun."
"And the person who gave him the gun and made him do it....
Was Shuichi Akai."
Being who he is, he could have given him many other options....
other than to shoot himself."
-Huh?
-Hey.
You're watching this man's every move.
-No, nothing. -No, nothing.
-What's up? -What is it?
Well, if it's nothing, hurry up and solve this case.
Without the disguise, I can't dawdle.
-You're right.
-It could be dangerous.
Hey, let me go!
I'm in a hurry to get home
and start writing the article on this case!
Before you go, I want to check the contents of your bag.
What a pain in the ass!
And I'm telling you to let me go at once!
-Ah!
-Oh!
-Oops!
- (thinks) "Blow!"
(thinks) "What a blow! Gee, no! The evidence!"
Yes, thank you.
Would you like us to help you pick them up?
(Shinichi, thinks) "Mm? It's Rokumichi's driver's license."
"It's true that he wasn't very graceful."
"Mm?"
(Conan voice) Oh!
Mm!
I've checked the photographs from the camera he had in his bag.
They show that she was sneaking pictures of Mr. Fairy,
who caught her and was about to take the camera away from her.
Yes...
Can you confirm this?
And what did Mr. Hado tell you?
He asked me not to take pictures without permission.
Say.
Excuse me, inspector.
I've been told that the anti-drug agents have just arrested one of the members
of Mr. Hado's band,
who was also scheduled to play at tomorrow's concert.
For drug possession.
Oh, gee.
Mm?
Tell me, pretty boy.
Aaa... excuse me, Mr. Coroner.
One question.
You didn't find any, on the ground?
The Azusa says he only found one.
- (thinks) "... he lost one?"
- (thinks) "What only..."
No, that what you say we have not found, on the stage.
And you haven't missed anything?
Such as wire or gloves?
Yes, in the staff's toolbox on the side of the stage...
these two things you say were missing.
And it was also one of the staff,
who left the folding chair next to the toolbox?
No, no.
It looks like the chair had been left further in.
They told me that we have to leave the material here.
They say that tomorrow's concert has been cancelled.
What a shock!
Now that we had everything ready, we have to pick it up again?
You must have already examined the folding chair, right?
No, we haven't dusted it for prints yet.
But my partner already has it wrapped up,
we'll take it and the microphone for analysis.
Excuse me, won't you let me take a look under the seat?
-Thank you very much.
-Huh? -If it's just for a moment...
If it's just for a moment...
(Thinking) I knew it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "Oh!"
(Thinks) "Just as I imagined."
You can say that now.
It's gotten pretty complicated.
Will you let us through, please?
Will you allow us?
Thank you. (Clears throat)
Can you step aside, please?
Please, will you let us through?
(Thinking) "Oh! I remember."
"It was that mystery woman
who tried to kidnap in Conan and the Woe."
Please step away from the dark-haired girl!
Come on, get out of the way, if you don't want to die.
Run, hurry up.
Move..., angel!
(Think) "She told me so."
But... I don't understand why the Azusa told me the same thing...
as that woman."
That he found out, he says?
You know how the murderer did it to hang the victim?
Yes, I think so.
Is this true?
Let's see: we have passed the rope through the structure of the spotlights
and we've tied one end to Takagi's body,
who is sitting in a chair.
Are you sure it will be enough to hold the weight of a person?
Oh, of course it is.
For starters, we take the end that's hanging over the stage...
and bend it like this, forming a circle.
We wrap the rope twice around the front of the circle...
and we get a loop.
We form another loop underneath....,
and pass the end of the rope through the lower loop, like this.
We will tie the big loop to the armrest of the armchair,
which is about two meters lower, more or less like this.
Then, we pass the other end of the rope, which does not have the loop,
under the armrest.

We repeat again the same operation as before
and, this time, we tie the fat circle...
the armrest of another armchair located about 4 meters away.
We make a third loop and pass the rope through.
Now we will tie the fat loop to an armchair
that is located about 8 meters away, more or less here.
Now, just go back to the place where we have the third small loop.
We take the end of the rope... and stretch.
Sonoko, you seem to be the slackest of us all, could you pull the rope?
What, you told me?!
Understood.
But I doubt very much that I can lift the inspector's weight.
MHM!
-Huh?
How can it be?
-Hmm? -Hmm?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
By the law of the pulley.
I don't understand, how did you do it?
-Exactly.
-I'm getting it right, aren't I?
The small loops that we have been creating along the rope
act as pulleys.
Each one of the loops multiplies by two, by four and even by eight
the force that is used to pull the rope.
As this is not a pulley but a rope,
friction prevents us from multiplying the applied force by eight.
But if we use a light, sliding rope,
someone like Sonoko can lift the weight of a grown man.
Therefore, the culprit could have acted without accomplices.
Anyone could have lifted Mr. Hado's weight.
This type of lasso is called a "carrier lasso".
It is so called because it is used by carriers to secure cargo.
to secure the cargo.
Therefore, the person who probably lifted the victim's body...
is someone who had worked as a carrier when he was young.
-What? -Mr. Hado's manager.
-Mr. Hado's manager.
Miss Kanae enjoi.
It was you, wasn't it?
Even if you were able to lift it,
how did you manage to tie the rope to the seats?
Mm?
There is a very simple explanation.
After lifting it, you secured the rope temporarily...
by tying it to a nearby armchair.
Then, he tied a wire...
to the rope coming from the ceiling, here.
Once he had the rope from the ceiling secured with the wire..,
she was able to untie the remaining rope and reattach it to the chair.
Then he pulled the wire out.
The big advantage of the carrier loop
is that there are no knots anywhere, it can be easily undone.
The problem is that, if a new rope is used, the loop marks remain,
the loop marks remain.
So, after retying the rope back into the chair,
she cut off the excess end with the box cutter from the toolbox and left the rest of the rope
and left the rest of the rope wrapped next to the box,
the side of the stage.
-One moment.
-Right, Miss Enjoi?
It's true that he worked as a carrier when he was young,
but that doesn't prove he committed the crime.
The feet?
But the size of his feet, yes.
I don't know if you've ever noticed...
The haulers coil the ropes in this way.
The inner circle is approximately the same
as the foot of the person who has coiled the rope,
because the distance between the elbow and the wrist
is equal to the length of the foot.
And how did I notice this?
I saw that the rope was the same size as the foot of the Ran,
and I thought that surely a short person had wound it,
like Miss Enjoi.
Now everything fits.
Miss enjoi's love for Rokumichi
has turned into a deep resentment after 17 years.
Stop it!
You don't know what you're talking about.
You still haven't proved that she did it.
(All) Eh?
Contact lenses.
I'm sure you knew that Mr. Fairy used to wear them
to make his pupils look bigger.
(Enjo) Yes...
I noticed with his driver's license photograph
and I compared it with the one of the journalist shortly before he died.
(Enjo) Oh...
One of the contact lenses...
has stuck to his clothes, to his back.
What a ?!
Oh!
-I-I can't believe it.
-Oh, man. -Oh, man!
Yes.
May I, please?
Oh, I get it.
He had the misfortune of having one of the lenses fall on him
while he was lifting the body.
We have enough evidence.
We'll question her at the station.
Wait... Did you really do it?
Why did you kill him just now, after 17 years of supporting him?
I have to know.
No matter how much I ask her, she won't be able to answer.

Because it turns out that it was not she who murdered Mr. Fairy.
-Oh!
- (both) What?
What do you mean by this?
And the other contact lens of the victim?
We have also found it.
Do you know where it was?
Stuck under the seat of the folding chair
on the side of the stage.
The chair was lying under the victim when it was hung up.
In addition, there was a baseball tied with a string.
And the other end of the string was attached
to the rope from which the victim was hanging.
Someone has thrown the ball tied to the cord
over the iron structure supporting the floodlights,
so he was able to pass the rope on the other side.
No offense, but I doubt that Ms. Enjoi...
could have thrown the ball as high as the spotlights.
Mr. Hado, on the other hand, had played baseball in high school.
Plus, there's the note we found in the victim's breast pocket.
You know where I'm going with this, right?
Right.
What are you implying, that he killed himself?
Mr. Hado committed suicide.
His manager found the body
and made it look like someone had murdered her.
Why did he want to hide it, her suicide?
Something must have happened 17 years ago...
I hope she didn't commit suicide in what we discussed the other day.
Oh!
What did you discuss?
17 years ago, Miss Enjoi got pregnant with Rokumichi's child.
Mr. Fuse!
He, who had just made his debut,
he closed the studio and began to compose a song
saying it was for his child.
He was barely sleeping, and we were suffering for his life.
She went to ask him to stop,
but she fainted in front of the studio and lost the baby.
At the hospital, she asked me to do her a favor....
and not to tell Rokumichi how she had lost her child.
Of course, "ASAC" was the song that en Rokumichi Hado composed...
for the son he had to have.
That's why he kept it in storage without writing the lyrics for 17 years.
When he found out what had happened, he felt responsible...
and decided to write the lyrics of the song and present it.
But he couldn't find the words for that melody.
That's why he decided to leave a message asking for forgiveness
and commit suicide.
But why did she want to make it look like she had been murdered?
I was hurt that her family found out that she had committed suicide...
because his ex-girlfriend had lost a child years before.
That's why I grabbed his cell phone from his breast pocket,
to go into his e-mail and...
delete the message he had sent me with the subject "Goodbye".
I wanted him... to go away peacefully.
Mm!
What a creep.
It's death and he's still making women cry...
Please don't publish it in your magazine!
You know I've spent many years chasing after him in Rokumichi.
I've crawled behind his day to day life looking for an exclusive.
Now, at last, I have a bombshell, the big scandal of his life.
No, don't do it... I'm asking you please.
I think I know Rokumichi better than anyone else.
I wouldn't publish it even if he asked me to.
Sentimental dramas...
are not befitting a rock star.
(Azusa) Well, there are many things I still don't understand.
Why did you write "ASAC" with a "c" instead of a "k"?
Ah, I know that because I asked him.
He knew he was going to be a father while he was having breakfast at the ASAC Café.
That's why he decided that, if it was a girl,
it would be called ASAC and they would spell it with a "c", just like the coffee shop.
Sure, now I get it.
You and Rokumichi must have been close friends,
if you were making these confessions to each other.
How come you changed your attitude and encouraged him to retire?
Did you find out that there was a member of the group
who was involved in drug trafficking?
No, no, of course not.... I-I didn't know...
-No, don't think so.
-Jeez, you just found out everything, you.
The thing is, they've already posted the news on the Internet.
(thinks) "He's a great spy."
You're a very good spy, Scotch.
You made it look like I'd knocked you unconscious
and you took the opportunity to take my gun.
Now I won't beg you to let me live,
but before I shoot, I'd like you to listen to me.
The pistol... I didn't take it to shoot you.
Oh, didn't you?

I have taken it from you...
to shoot me.
You won't be able to.
It is humanly impossible to pull the trigger
while someone holds the cylinder of your gun with one hand.
Don't shoot yourself, Scotch.
-Oh!
-You are not destined to die here.
My name is Shuichi Akai and I'm an undercover FBI agent.
I'm just like you, a mole who just wants to take down the Organization.
Now that you know the truth,
put down your gun and listen to what I have to say.
Then I'll help you escape.
If you go alone, we won't arouse suspicion.
-Mm?
- (metallic rumbling)
(gunshot)
(thinks) "Mm. Now I get it."
"He fired the gun to smash the cell phone."
"On this phone he must have had all the contacts
of family and friends."
(Man: gasps)
"Traitors... deserve the punishment of death."
"Wasn't it like that?"
This turtleneck you're wearing....,
you can't imagine how much I want to pull you down.
But, for the moment, I'll let it go.
I'll do it...
...another day.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Nee tatoeba juunen mira no
Bokura wa dou shiteiru ka na.
Yume no Meiro nuke
doa no soto kimi ga ite
waratteru ka na.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Ima mo boku wa yume no naka.
Oikakete oikakete Doko made mo
mada minu keshiki wo mezasu yo.
Oh, oh...
Sore ga boku no yume kimi to Zutter.
Eh?
What do you want?
Wait, Azusa!
Although I shouldn't call you that, because you're not the Azusa, are you?
Eh?
I think I know who you are.
You're the woman who called me "angel" that day.
I already told you, Ran.
I advise you to stay away from me.
Because you're my angel.
You're my treasure.
Yes...
And I only have two treasures... in this world.
- (Ayumi) How pretty!
- (all) Oh...!
(Genta) Wow, they're so cool!
Where do you think we'll put them, all these books?
We already have the bookstore full to overflowing
of books that are not sold!
When you find an old book, you have to seize the opportunity.
I am convinced that, sooner or later,
these books will fall into the hands of someone who wants them.
Oh, my mother...
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode:
"The whistle of a train among old books".

