(Sonoko) What?
You mean she was your double?
I don't understand, Azusa.
Really?
Are you sure you didn't go to the auditorium that day to watch the rehearsal?
I didn't go.
You mean she looked so much like me?
Yes.
He completely fooled me too when we met when we walked in.
She looked exactly like you.
Nailed it.
I don't know who that would be.
I know, maybe it was the Kaito Kid.
I had to go to win my heart.
Yeah, I'm sure you did.
"It was Vermouth."
"And if he went to the trouble of going to investigate," he said,
"It's just that the Men in Black
must also be interested in the mysterious 'ASAC Rum'."
"The coded message he left with Koji Haneda
17 years ago before he died."
So who would that be and why was she in disguise in the auditorium?
Don't you find that very strange?
By the way, speaking of strange things.
Earlier when I went out because I had to go shopping for a moment,
I saw a strange couple going up to the detective agency.
"A strange couple?"
Azusa, did you notice if they were dressed in black?
Did you notice if they were dressed in black?
I don't know, they were dressed normally.
I did notice that the boy was very dark-skinned, like Toru.
"Dark-skinned?"
But I didn't see anything else special.
Hey, I guess it wasn't Makoto, was it?
If it was him, what was he doing with a woman?
I-I don't know.
I don't know anything about that, me.
But I heard that they were saying something very strange.
They were talking about a sheet on the roof.
"A sheet on the roof?"
"The curtain rises and the main character appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"Some sheets dance in a terrifying case."
"In the forest you can feel the piercing scream of Nue."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.
Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
"In Conan, in Heiji and the Legend of the Nue (The Cry)."
(Heiji: river)
We weren't talking about any sheet on the rooftop, we were talking about buried treasure.
And what buried treasure were you talking about?
Eh?
"I knew it was him..."
The mayor of a town called dores
sent a letter to Heiji
asking for help in finding Tokugawa's buried treasure,
because they've found a clue to where it might be.
And we've come to invite your father, Ran, to join us.
I'm sorry, guys, but I'm not going.
Even if we found it and it was the real Tokugawa treasure,
in the end the state would keep most of it, as usual.
Of course.
This means you're not coming, then?
That's right.
Ran, since we have a few days off,
why don't you take the nano, too?
But this buried treasure hunting can be a little dangerous.
What's that?
Of course it can't.
Come on, let's all go, Ran.
And you know what?
The town mayor said he'll pay for our trip, what more do you want?
Besides, since Heiji's been sent the letter...
because he's a teenage detective,
maybe Shinichi has also been sent the same letter.
Do you think Shinichi has also been sent it?
Yes, that's right.
Come to think of it, Shinichi had once said...
he was very interested in looking for buried treasures.
"Hey, hey, hey."
I wouldn't be surprised if it was.
(Kazuha) Yes, Ran, come with us!
(Shinichi voice) Hey, but what are you doing?
You've never been interested in buried treasures either.
I had no choice.
If she doesn't come, you can't come alone.
And now, what are you saying!
Of course you can't.
No head in the door, right?
Anyway, the Tokugawa's buried treasure is Mt. Akagi,
in Gunma Prefecture.

And you know that if there is any incident, that useless inspector will appear.
So don't worry, don't worry.
We have to go to Shizuoka Prefecture, not Gunma Prefecture.
Shizuoka Prefecture?
(Thank you very much for coming, Heiji.
And thank you very much for coming to all your friends.
Together you can search for the buried treasure.
It's vital, for the people of dores.
The future of the village depends on the treasure.
And how come you invited Heiji?
There are many other detectives who are bigger and more experienced.
Yes, well, it turns out that I have also invited historians and archaeologists,
and in the end the budget wasn't enough for everything.
You'll forgive me,
but I thought if I invited a younger detective,
I'm sure he'd come if I paid for his travel and accommodation.
By the way, I suppose he'll pay for the bullet train ticket....
I had to take to get here, right?
Of course you will!
I guess you're kidding, right?
We can't stay in this shabby old hotel.
It may look a little old on the outside,
but inside it's clean as a whistle.
And, as you can see, I've also gone shopping for everything and in?
to make you some nice dishes that I hope you'll like.
-Of course.
-You'll cook for us?
There used to be a lot of tourists
who came to this area to visit Lake Kurogane.
The hotel was always full of people and it worked very well.
But since the accident...
What... what happened?
What accident means?
Ah, well..., it's just that...
A member of the team of archaeologists
searching for the Tokugawa's buried treasure
because there was a landslide while they were working.
People believe that there really is a buried treasure around here?
Yes, in Ieyasu Tokugawa came to spend his last days here,
in Shizuoka Prefecture, at Sunpu Castle.
-Eh?
- (man) And there is also a legend.
During the war,
when Ieyasu was about to be captured by the Imagawa clan,
an older couple helped him hide here in the Kurogane forest.
After the war ended, when the country regained stability,
he gave a mountain of gold coins
to the couple and their son as a token of thanks.
Yes, really?
Oh, really?
Yes, there is even a very old poem that speaks.
(Woman) "At sunrise and sunset,
two thousand jars glitter with a thousand gold coins."
It is a popular poem that in this city has always been said.
The first phrase, "At sunrise and sunset."
also appears in many popular poems throughout the country that refer to buried treasures
that refer to buried treasures that no one has ever found.
But if there really were
2,000 jars filled with 1,000 gold coins each,
it would be truly fabulous.
That would be two million gold coins.
Of course it would be incredible, if it were true!
-(man) No, no...
- (man) No, no...
You two are two incredible treasures,
and your dazzling beauty shines much brighter than gold.
Hey, clever!
Who are you?
Don't tell me they're both your girlfriends.
I asked you first, so answer me!
May I know who you are?!
Ah...
Soc journalist and I came here because I'm documenting my work
to do a report on legends of monsters from all over the country.
Monsters?
Mo-mo...
What?
There are no monsters here, only buried treasure!
-What?
-What?
Don't smoke, you don't know anything.
- (dog: borda)
-It turns out that in this town... -It turns out that in this town...
Ah!
Where did this dog come from?
Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Stop it, I don't like dogs.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's cute.
It's the dog of the man from the archaeological team
who died when the landslide happened.
After the accident,
a neighbor in the area adopted him and took him home,
but as he kept running away and coming here,
we decided to leave it alone and let it do what it wants.
Just behind these trees is the lake
and it's a bit dangerous for him to run around,
but it looks like there must be someone coming to feed him.
"What a fat sign!"
What are you doing here, Conan?
Come.
You can't go over there.
Can't you see it's dangerous?
Excuse me, have you reached all the people you invited to come...
or is there still someone to come?
Oh.

No, we are all here.
"Shinichi didn't come, then."
"I wanted to give you the answer to what you told me in London."
Listen, I hope that what you told me on the phone about the view...
is true.
Of course it's true.
There's a beautiful view.
It's better than the view of Big Ben in London at night?
Oh, it sure is!
There's no point of comparison, it's much better.
I hope you're not fooling me and it's true.
Rest assured.
You can be sure.
Hey, Kazuha.
En Heiji has invited you to come here these days, right?
Mm-hm.
He asked me if I did anything.
But now they've started to talk about accidents and monsters.
and I'm not amused.
I have a very strange feeling.
I don't understand what's going on.
Well, I have a feeling
(Flow)... that it has to do with love.
(Heiji) What?
(Heiji) Phew, I'm SuperTips.
This stew was so good.
I can't eat anything else.
(Heiji) -You're welcome.
Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor.
I'm glad you liked it.
And now to finish,
we'll put the rice in the bowl, like this,
and cover it with beaten eggs.
And now we mix it with the chopsticks, and we have the egg rice ready.
What do you mean?
Why do you mix it?
The egg is much fluffier if you cover it without mixing.
It's better if you mix it well, because then everything tastes like egg.
Hey, why don't you tell us...
about I don't know what legend of the monsters you were talking about before?
Sure, you'll see what a story.
It turns out that in the team of archaeologists
there was an outsider by the name of Charles Abel
who could only say a few words in Japanese.
He was the man who died when the rockslide occurred.
When the other team members arrived, he was still alive.
"They found him trapped between the rocks
and you could see he was trying to talk but couldn't."
"They asked him if he had seen anything,
but the stranger had hurt his neck and couldn't say anything."
Then one of the team members
gave him a notebook and a pen.
He took the notebook and pen and began to write very slowly.
and began to write very slowly.
He wrote 3 letters very clearly.
When the others took the notebook,
they were frozen with fear when they saw what he had written.
Because in that notebook,
the stranger had clearly written the word "Nue"!
"What?"
"Nue?"
Did you say "Nue"?
You don't mean...
You don't mean the monster of folk legends?
That's right.
It's a monster that has the head of a monkey, the body of a Nyctereutes Procyonoides,
tiger paws and a snake instead of a tail.
It usually appears accompanied by a cloud of black smoke
and makes a bloodcurdling scream.
It has been known since ancient times and is the bearer of misfortune.
Could there have been such a monster inside the cave?
Yes.
Why did that man have to write about it, if he had not seen it?
That's why I was invited to come here.
So that I can explain that the monster caused the death of one person
and terrified all the members of the expedition
and I can make its existence known to the whole world.
May I know what you are doing, Madam?
You don't talk cheerfully about the death of a person.
Shame on you.
Now you've spoiled our rice and eggs.
You will correct me if I am wrong,
but don't your novels deal with similar themes?
- (Someji) You are absolutely right.
-Mmm?
It's funny that you should say these words
precisely the writer who described in lurid detail
the death of a man devoured by a monster.
Very well.
If that's what you think, maybe you'd better leave right now.
Easy, easy, easy.
Let's not get angry, please.
Now we'd better go to sleep, we're all very tired.
And tomorrow morning we can meet at the entrance of the cave... Eh?
(High-pitched sound, like a squeak)
What is...?
What's... what's that creepy noise?
Grr!
(Squeaking sound: doesn't stop)
-It's coming from out there?
-What a strange noise.
Where is it coming from?
From out there or from the forest?
What is that noise?
It's very strange.
I can tell you what it is, this noise.
It is the cry of the Nue.
The cry of the Nue?
Does this mean that the Nue lives in this forest?

Is it the huge and creepy monster that appears in the legends?
It's not the monster, it's the bird.
What bird?
What bird?
The golden chat.
It's a bird that lives in coniferous forests
of mountainous and hilly areas, mostly.
And in the old days they used to call the golden-cheeked chat "nue".
In "The story of the Heike" there was a monster
that made a cry similar to the cry of the "nue",
and so the monster was named after the bird.
(Chirp: it doesn't stop).
But I have to admit that I did not think
that golden Grives could be found in this area.
The truth is that I find it strange.
If it is true that this bird lives around here,
perhaps the stranger who died when there was the landslide
saw it inside the cave.
And that is precisely why he wrote his name just before he died.
For this reason he only wrote the 3 letters of the word "nue".
(squeak)
But doesn't he realize what he is saying?
It can't be that the stranger saw a bird inside the cave.
It is impossible that there was no bird!
It had to be the Nue by force.
At the bottom of the cave was the real Nue of the legends.
There was the monster!
We can't know.
No survivor of the accident saw the monster;
therefore, we cannot know if there was anything inside the cave.
By the same token, we cannot rule out that it is true.
A long time ago, the body of a Nue fell into Hamana Lake,
here in Shizuoka Prefecture.
They say that the names of the ancient Mikkabi villages,
which are Nueshiro, Dozaki, Hanehira and Ona,
which are now part of the city of Hamamatsu,
come from the different parts of the body of the Nue that fell:
the head, the body, the wings and the tail.
And they say that the Nue's legs fell here in the village of dores.
In the old days, the name of the village of dores was written....
using the kanji corresponding to "night" and "bird".
And the two together form the kanji for "nue".
So, this noise is perhaps not the cry of any bird, perhaps it's....
What?
(Chirp: stop)
It has stopped barking.
It has shut up.
Listen, why don't we go back home?
But, Kazuha, now that we've come this far....
Conan is right.
Besides, we can't pay attention to all these monster stories
because they're just legends and that's all.
Nor can we believe the story about the outsider
who wrote the word "nue" before he died.
-What does he say now?
Do you have the paper?
-In fact, I have the paper of the stranger.
Do you see it?
It says "nue" very clearly.
After the accident in the cave,
the former mayor found the paper next to the victim
when they went to dig up his body.
That was 16 years ago,
and since then we've kept the paper at City Hall.
And we also keep this hair needle
that was found next to the paper.
Is it true?
If the stranger who died 16 years ago was the owner of this dog,
he must be very old by now, he must be many years old.
Maybe he doesn't have many months to live.
In fact, he was a puppy, when he had the misfortune to lose his owner.
What was found recently
is a notebook with a page torn out
that fits perfectly with this sheet of paper.
In the notebook there are detailed annotations explaining
where in the cave the team members were digging and why they had decided to do so.
and why they had decided to do so.
If tomorrow we could go to the cave
and explain in front of the camera where the treasure might be buried,
by reading the notes in the notebook,
they would do the people of Dores a great favor.
"I get it. You want to make a video to revitalize the town."
"So at no time did I think we would be able to find the treasure."
(Takekuma) Good night, everyone.
I hope you sleep very well.
By the way, Mr. Mayor,
I hope you got the drink I asked for.
I need it so that if I don't have it, I have a hard time sleeping.
Yes, and now that you say that, what about my sake?
-Yes, yes.
-And you have that for me?
Don't worry, I've bought everything for you.
Then I'll bring you everything you asked for in your rooms.
Milk with whiskey for Mr. Someji.
For Mr. Tanzawa, Japanese sake and dried cuttlefish.
Mrs. Masuko, you ordered white wine and sparkling water.

And cola and potato chips by Mr. Tsurumi.
Correct?
Yes.
I don't need a glass.
I'll drink straight from the bottle.
Okay, that's fine.
Mr. Hattori, would you like me to get you something to drink?
-Mm-hm.
-No need, thank you.
We're good now, right?
Yes, because if I snack too much,
then I'll have to take off in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.
What I'm afraid of is that I won't be able to sleep at all.
Of course you are.
I recommend you to check the room before you go to bed.
I say this because I have found the corpse of a stuffed mouse
in my bedroom desk drawer.
What?
That it's strange.
I assure you I've tried to clean everything thoroughly.
Girls, if you're so scared,
why don't you come sleep in my room?
-Ah!
-Hey!
Why don't you go sleep with the mice, you smart guy?
Very well said.
I'm all for it.
Mmm?
A letter.
(Heiji) What are you doing, right here?
If you want to know what's in the drawers, open them and that's it.
Yeah, but...
What if a mouse comes out when we open them?
Ha-ha-ha!
No mouse, in here!
Oh!
Yes, there are things.
What are these?
They're notebooks.
They must have been left by someone.
Whose must they be?
Aaaah!
How scary.
It's so strange.
There are the same symbols repeated on all the pages.
Ah...
What could it be?
What does it mean?
It seems to me that they must be from the archaeologist who died,
who must have been learning to write in hiragana.
On the back it says his name.
Do you see it?
See what is written.
It says Charles Abel written in hiragana.
Does this mean that in this room
the stranger must have slept in this room before he died in the accident?
-Huh?
-Huh?
It's bright out here.
What's the matter?
Oh!
There's a fire in front of the hotel!
There's a fire!
There's a fire!
There's a fire!
There's a fire!
What happened?
Who would have done something like that?
(screeching)
-What?
-It's him, it's the Nine.
The Nue appears surrounded by a cloud of black smoke.
Don't talk nonsense!
How can you make something that doesn't exist appear?
Heiji!
Heiji!
Look!
Oh!
(squeaking)
(squeaking)
"What's this?"
"It's huge!"
It's going, it's running away!
Oysters!
We can't chase because of the fire!
Mr. Mayor, go get fire extinguishers!
Bring all the fire extinguishers you have, we must put out the fire by all means!
I'm going to go with the currents.
Kazuha, help him put out the fire with the extinguishers!
-Don't ask absurd questions.
-What are you going to do?
I'll go around the other side and see what this monster is.
Conan!
(Shinichi voice) Yes.
What teeth marks bigger.
But it's very strange...
We've gone around the back...
But we haven't seen the monster anywhere.
Could it have run off into the trees?
Or maybe it's gone into the lake?
Oh.
"It's blood."
"The trail leads to the lake."
It's Mr. Someji!
He has no pulse.
What's happened to him?
Is he unconscious?
Mr. Someji is dead.
Also, look.
She has claw marks on her back
as if she was attacked by a wild beast.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Nee tatoeba juunen mira no
Bokura wa dou shiteiru ka na.
Yume no Meiro nuke
doa no soto kimi ga ite
waratteru ka na.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Ima mo boku wa yume no naka.
Oikakete oikakete Doko made mo
mada minu keshiki wo mezasu yo.
Oh, oh...
Sore ga boku no yume kimi to Zutter.
It was the Nue.
Mr. Someji dead?
He must have been killed by that giant, creepy monster.
I'm sure it's all a set-up.
If you notice, the remains of the fire smell of kerosene.
It's lit up again, it wasn't there.
Where did this fire come from?
Aaaaah!
Eh?
What was that?
Who made this scream?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'On Conan, on Heiji and the Legend of the Nue (The Claws)"

