(Shinichi voice) "On Heiji Hattori and the Kazuha Toyama
"They invited Ran and me to come with them in the village of dores,
"In Shizuoka Prefecture,
to help them search for the Tokugawa buried treasure."
"But after dinner..."
- (all) Eh?
-Eh?
It's bright out here.
(all) What's the matter?
(all) Oh!
There's a fire in front of the hotel!
There's a fire!
(Both) What?!
What happened?
Who would have done such a thing?
-What?
-It's him, it's the Nue!
The Nue appears surrounded by a cloud of black smoke.
Don't talk nonsense!
How do you want something that doesn't exist to appear?
-Huh?
-Heiji!
Heiji, look!
Oh!
(Shinichi voice) "We chased the monster and found...
(Shinichi voice) "We've chased the monster and found..."
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's blood!"
It's Mr. Someji!
What happened to him?
Is he unconscious?
(Shinichi voice) He has no pulse.
Mr. Someji is dead.
Also, look: she has claw marks on her back...
as if she was attacked by a wild beast.
(Shinichi voice) "The curtain rises and the protagonist appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"Is it the Nue or is it something else?"
"The giant claw marks
"Feed the mystery of the buried treasure."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.
Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
"In Conan, in Heiji and the Legend of the Nue (The Claws)."
Mr. Someji dead?
What do you mean, what happened to him?
-Yes.
-What?
Really?
We found his corpse in the woods by the lake,
next to the hotel.
She's been murdered, and she has giant claw marks on her back.
What claws?
Claws?
You said she has claw marks?
You think they might be tiger claw marks?
N-n.
Not tiger, they're much bigger.
He's got four scratches
about four inches apart.
-Unfortunately, it's no joke.
-Hey, don't joke!
-It was the Nue.
- (both) Eh?
I'm sure he was killed by that giant, creepy monster.
They say he has the head of a monkey and the paws of a tiger.
I thought it was the jugs, but the monster really exists.
-What do you mean?
-Huh?
No, nothing, nothing... I was just talking to myself.
(Shinichi, thinks)... the jars?"
(Heiji, thinks) "I thought they were...?
So you say he's already called the police?
Yes, we've already called them.
But they said it might take them a while to get up here.
In any case,
you mean the police will be able to deal with this monster?
(Conan voice) Stay calm.
It's impossible that what we've seen is a real monster.
I'm sure it's all a set-up.
If you notice, the remains of the fire smell of kerosene.
He said the victim had huge claw marks on his back.
Mr. Someji probably ran away from his attacker
after he stabbed her in the back,
but he ran out of strength.
He fell to the ground and the assassin made a long cut over the wound.
He then made three more cuts next to the first
because it looked like she had been attacked by the Nue.
And probably the person who has killed Mr. Someji
is the same one who invited him to come here.
Now what do you say!
I invited you all because a stranger asked me to.
In addition to the notebook I showed you before,
he also sent me money and a message saying
that if I invited all four of you to come here
it would revive the legend of the buried treasure
and would serve to revitalize the town.
I also received four letters addressed to you, one for each of you,
and he told me that if I sent them to you all four would come for sure.
Do you remember the envelope inside the letter I sent you?
Mm-hm.

It explained the cave accident 16 years ago.
But it could all be a lie that you made up.
What?
I assure you it is not a lie.
He even told me in which hotel and in which rooms
were to be in.
(Heiji) Never mind, anyway...
we'll talk when the police arrive.
And until then, no one better move out of their room.
I'll keep all the devices that can make noise, such as cell phones.
We can't rule out the possibility
that that creepy sound was made by someone with an electronic device.
What?
W-wait a minute.
If it's true what the mayor said,
that someone told him which room everyone had to sleep in...
It could be that there was something in the rooms.
The room we've been assigned to
is the same one that was used by the stranger
who died in the cave accident.
Mm!
I wish someone would change our room.
How can you know this?
Because we found a notebook
that he used to practice hiragana writing.
And in the same drawer we found a few more notebooks.
Mm, very interesting...
Well, if you want, I can change the room.
-Eh?
-No.
I'll sleep in this room.
I can't in any way allow you or the girls to be afraid.
And I could move to a room on the third floor?
Let everyone sleep in the room they want, but if anyone comes out..,
I'll consider him to be the murderer.
Ah...
Okay, I get it.
You can see the rooms perfectly from here.
That way, if the monster shows up again,
we'll be able to chase him out and chase him, if necessary.
Hey, Mr. Mayor, what are you doing here?
Don't suffer, don't worry.
It should be in your room.
No way!
We'll take care of everything.
I'm not going to stay in the room without doing anything.
I've invited you all and I'm also the mayor.
I have to look after everyone's safety.
Very well, as you wish.
Well, since it's here, why don't you tell us everything?
-The reason for inviting you all.
-What do you want me to explain? -What do you want me to explain?
Didn't you say the reason for inviting them, to the stranger's letter?
Yes...
The archaeologist Michiko Tanzawa knows very well
the geology of Shizuoka Prefecture.
"He has studied this area long ago."
"In addition, he has participated in excavations of archaeological sites," she says,
"not only in Shizuoka, but all over the country."
"Until a few years ago, he was famous as a commentator...
"on television programs about archaeology."
"But she stopped making public appearances after she was accused...
"of having unearthed fake pieces of pottery."
And what can you tell us about the writer, why did you invite her?
Don't you know the famous Fumie Masuko?
She is very well known
because strange monsters always appear in her novels.
"As it is her specialty,
"She knows Japanese legends about monsters very well."
"When TV adaptations of her novels are made,
"He's able to change the locations of the film sets
"And the sets of the sets
"Because they don't sufficiently reflect his ideas."
"She also studied Fine Arts, that's why it's so important to her."
This has nothing to do with Tokugawa's buried treasure.
It's just that the letters suggested
that he uses the Nue to revitalize the village
if the buried treasure didn't work.
One thing...
How?
But the young journalist isn't famous.
Mm?
No, you're right.
Isn't he well-known?
Mr. Yasukatsu Someji, who has been killed,
was a well-known historian
and an expert on the Tokugawa buried treasure.
"In the letter he only said.
"That in Hajime Tsurumi is a young journalist...
"Who travels the country investigating monster stories."
"I don't know why he had to invite either."
I don't understand why it didn't occur to him
to invite the survivors of the accident
years ago where that archaeologist died.
They could have told us more about the accident.
He is right.
The problem is that nobody knows anything.
After the accident they all disappeared.
In fact, we don't even know their names.

Mr. Mayor... And how come you have invited in Heiji, too?
In fact, in the letter it said...
to invite the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
It was the first choice.
But I spent some of the money to renovate the hotel.
I first thought of inviting Mr. Shinichi Kudo, from Tokyo,
but since I couldn't reach him,
I invited Mr. Hattori from Osaka.
Oh...
(Thinking) "So you and Kogoro went first before me, huh?"
(Shinichi, thinks) "I'm sorry..."
If my memory serves me correctly, the letter I received...
it said that I could also invite a friend, if I wanted to.
Did the stranger also say this to the letter he sent you?
Yes, in the letter sent to me by the stranger...
he told me to invite Detective Mouri's daughter as well.
It would be nice if the video of the village had a pretty young girl in it.
- (Heiji, think) "Sure..."
-It works better.
(Conan voice) Something else.
"And then she said it to me."
From the trees in front of the hotel,
how come the tree on the far left is different from the others?
Look...
What?
All the trees in front of the hotel end in a point.
They are all the same.
But this tree is different.
I don't know... It's been a long time since I've been here and I hadn't noticed it either.
-Eh?
- (wood: crack)
What's this?
It's the remains of a burnt walking stick.
And that looks like clothes.
Could it be the remains of something that was in front of the hotel?
- (woman) Listen...
-Who knows.
-Of course, excuse me.
-Can you keep it down, please?
I've gone to bed to get some sleep before the police arrive.
But with this noise there's no way to get the slightest rest.
-Mm?
- (man) I don't care.
I'm just a poor journalist with no talent,
and not a great expert like all the others.
I can't sleep, I have to keep my eyes and ears wide open...
so I can write something worthwhile.
Besides, the monster could come back at any moment.
(Whistling-like scream)
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
Can't see a thing.
Where is it coming from?
This scream again!
Where did this fire come from?
What is it?
It has been lit suddenly, and a moment ago it wasn't there!
Aaaah!
It's the Nue, it's the monster!
The monster is back!
It's the Nue, it's the monster!
The monster is back!
Eh?
Aaaah...!
What was that?
Who made this scream?
I think it came from upstairs, from Mr. Tanzawa.
It's the room we were assigned to first.
The leftmost room on the third floor.
Wait!
You can't get in without a code!
Mr. Tanzawa, Mr. Tanzawa, open the door!
What happened?
-Just a moment, just a moment!
-Mr. Tanzawa, open up!
I have the key to open the door.
Mr. Tanzawa, we're going in now!
(Shinichi, thinks) "Eh?"
We're late.
He is no longer breathing.
"What do you have here on your chin? Two little red dots."
"As if bitten by a snake."
The spare key you have, is that the only one?
Aaa... yes.
(Shinichi, thinks) "So, the room was locked from the inside."
Hey, it's impossible for this monster to exist.
It's impossible for the Nue to exist.
Good evening and thank you all very much for waiting.
I am Inspector Sango Yokomizo of the Shizuoka Police.
According to the information I have,
when they were called they said they had seen a giant monster.
But now that I am here, you can rest assured.
Don't suffer for nothing, I will protect you from this monster.
(Heiji, thinks) "It turns out that two people have already died."
It's probably some kind of set-up or special effect.
And now I will ask them, please,
if you can explain to me under what circumstances you have seen the monster.
We heard a piercing scream and suddenly we realized that it had caught fire outside.
that it had caught fire outside, on the lawn in front of the hotel.
We all ran outside and then, from behind that corner....
The four-legged monster appeared!
It was very big, so tall that it reached the windows of the second floor.
Wow!
By the way, did you notice if there was any string or rope...
above the monster or next to it?

Yes.
No, we didn't see anything.
But it was huge.
Got it.
And there was a really fat wooden sign nailed to the ground.
He bit it off and took it with him.
He ripped off a sign?
And it was very big, this sign?
How tall was it?
About 30 centimeters?
-Huh?
-This is the sign he ripped off. -This is the sign he ripped off.
Look at it.
You can see the teeth marks perfectly.
My goodness!
They're really big, yes.
We chased the monster
and we found the sign in the trees, in the middle of the forest.
Next to it there was a trail of blood leading to the lake.
We followed the trail and then we found it.
We found the lifeless body of Mr. Someji, the historian.
He had wounds on his back that looked like claw marks.
Claw marks?
You mean like a cat's?
Wait, I took a picture of the corpse.
There's a space of about ten centimeters between scratches, see?
No, it's true.
A cat couldn't have done it.
Afterwards, we told everyone to lock themselves in their room...
and not to come out until the police arrived.
We also took everybody's cell phones
because no one could use them to create any kind of sound.
While everyone else was in the room,
Mr. Mayor, Heiji and I went outside...
to stand guard in front of the hotel in case the monster came back.
And then we felt the same bloodcurdling scream again.
And suddenly the fire that we had extinguished was rekindled again
and the flames spread quickly.
When we had not yet been able to react,
we heard a scream from the third floor, from Mr. Tanzawa, the archaeologist,
and we ran upstairs.
The door was closed.
We found him dead, apparently poisoned.
He had two marks on his chin, as if from a snake bite.
By the way, when the monster turned to leave,
I noticed the tail he had.
Yes, so did I!
It looked like a snake, didn't it?
-The tail was... like a snake?
-Mm-hm.
I guess you've heard of the Nue.
It's a huge beast, a monster that has the head of a monkey,
Nyctereutes Procyonoides body, tiger paws and a snake for a tail.
Eh?
The Nue?
It's a legendary monster that makes a bloodcurdling cry
and appears surrounded by black smoke.
-You've never heard of it?
-Legendary... legendary?
Quiet, quiet, please.
I have listened to everything you have told me and together you speak
as if this monster had risen from the dead.
But it is true that a long time ago,
here in the forest of Kurogane... there was a monster called Nue.
(Both of them, think) "What?"
If I'm not mistaken, 16 years ago someone said they had seen a Nue.
-Aaa... yes.
-You don't know anything, Mr. Mayor?
There was an accident,
and an outsider who was part of a team of archaeologists
was trapped in a rockslide.
He couldn't speak, but he wrote "nue" on a piece of paper before he died.
But I've already explained that to these gentlemen....
You see?
That's what I said: it exists!
The Nue has been hiding in this forest for 16 years, and it still is!
(Heijō, thinks) "Hey, Kudo, this inspector is not much better....
Than the useless one from the Gunma prefectural police."
(Shinichi, thinks) "You can say that already!"
In any case, rest assured that the police will protect you all.
Please, I ask you all to lock yourselves in a single room....
and that you do not leave until you are notified.
I must now inform my superiors
and ask them if we can mobilize the self-defense forces.
(Heiji, thinks) "What's he saying?!"
What's strange... I thought it was going to rain, but it's not raining.
What?
Why does it say that?
It's just that before, the second time it caught fire,
I got a drop of rain on my cheek.
Maybe it wasn't...
In fact, I also thought I heard that characteristic sound
of gas when you open a bottle of a fizzy drink.
-I'm warning you, it wasn't me.
-The sound of a fizzy drink?
Yes, it's true that I ordered sparkling water
because I like to add a little to my wine,
but the water that fell was not mine.

If I had dropped sparkling water out of the window, which is strange,
I would have wet someone, too, and not just the mayor.
Besides, I would never think of drinking on the window sill.
-Forgive me for being a bit clumsy.
-Not like him, I have more class.
It's probably because my parents abandoned me at a very young age.
I never had anyone to educate me properly.
Anyway, the water that fell wasn't mine either.
Even if I had shaken the cola bottle hard before I opened it, it wouldn't have gone far enough to wet it,
it wouldn't have gone far enough to wet the mayor.
I'm coming.
Heiji, come!
(Shinichi's voice) Look what I've found.
Look at all these little white balls scattered on the lawn.
Kudo, if this is really what I think it is....,
it wouldn't have taken a match or a lighter...
...in order to light the fire.
So we are left to solve... the assembly of the giant monster.
And the poisoning in a closed room.
We start with the locked room.
The victim, Mr. Tanzawa,
had moved to the room on the third floor
that we were initially assigned to, correct?
Yes.
The prime suspect would be Mrs. Masuko.
It was in the room just below hers.
When Mr. Tanzawa noticed that there was a fire
and stuck his head out the window,
she would have been able to touch it with a long stick
with poisoned needles on the end.
Only one side of the window of the room opens,
so she could have foreseen where she'd stick her head out.
But, when we went to look for Mrs. Masuko's cell phone, we examined her room thoroughly,
we examined her room thoroughly
and we didn't see any sticks anywhere.
Don't you think that if she had one we should have seen it?
Yes...
The only objects in the room
that might be of interest were two bottles of sparkling water,
a bottle of white wine, a glass...
and the bottle opener that Mrs. Masuko had asked the mayor for.
Apart from these items,
inside Mrs. Masuko's hand bag
was a pencil case with pens, tape, a small sewing kit and a small sewing kit,
a small sewing kit and a notebook.
And what do we know about the inexperienced journalist, Mr. Tsurumi?
When Mr. Tanzawa has changed in our room,
he moved to the third floor, right into the next room.
Perhaps Mr. Tsurumi had made sure
that only one side of Mr. Tanzawa's window was opened
because he thought that way, if he shot a poisoned dart at him, he wouldn't hit the open window,
he wouldn't hit the open window.
I don't think so.
Mr. Tanzawa's window is far away from Mr. Tsurumi's window.
There is a window in between.
Besides, shooting a dart at him from the side...
couldn't have caused the punctures under his chin.
And there were no darts in Mr. Tsurumi's room either.
That's true.
When we went to examine his room we found..:
three half-liter bottles of cola, two bags of potatoes,
a folding knife, a selfie stick,
two packs of cigarettes and a lighter.
And then there was also a plastic model to assemble
which he said he had bought for entertainment.
He even showed us that he had bought glue.
Yes, in the room he didn't have anything....
that he could have used to poison a person.
So that leaves only Mr. Takekuma.
And the only weapon Mr. Mayor has is an old broom.
Eh?
Mm?
What are you girls doing here?
The police said not to let anyone out of the room.
Yeah, but we were a little worried about the dog.
We came here because earlier, when we heard the Niner's scream,
we heard her barking a lot and scratching at the door.
She got very nervous.
We thought maybe she was hungry and wanted to go out.
We made him some dinner in the kitchen and took him away.
But he didn't eat anything.
Now that I think about it, the first time we heard the New...
...the dog started barking a lot too.
(Shinichi, think) "On the other hand, when the monster appeared..."
(Heiji, thinks) "...it didn't embroider anything."
"So that's what it was."
"Now I get it!"

"And there is only one person who could have done it."
"No one else could have done it."
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Nee tatoeba juunen mira no.
Bokura wa dou shiteiru ka na.
Yume no Meiro nuke
doa no soto kimi ga ite
waratteru ka na.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Ima mo boku wa yume no naka.
Oikakete oikakete Doko made mo
mada minu keshiki wo mezasu yo.
Oh, oh...
Sore ga boku no yume kimi to Zutter.
...the monster again.
All this will help us to summon...
This is impossible, man... Eh ?!
Oh!
It's the scream... of the Nue.
- (whistle-like scream)
-He's back.
(Both) Aaaah!
Heiji, where are you?
Help, come!
(Conan voice) Don't miss the next episode!
"In Conan, in Heiji and the Legend of the Nue (The Resolution)."

