"In Heiji Hattori and the Kazuha Toyama have invited Ran and me.
"To come with them to the village of dores, in Shizuoka Prefecture,
to help them search for the Tokugawa buried treasure."
"But after dinner the Nue, the legendary monster, appeared."
"And we have found Lord Someji's death murder."
"Later, we also found Mr. Michiko Tanzawa murdered...
in his hotel room."
"And then..."
What are you girls doing here?
The police told no one to leave the room.
Yes, we know, but we were a little worried about the dog.
We came here because earlier, when we heard the scream of the Nue,
we heard her barking a lot and scratching at the door.
Eh?
He got very nervous.
Come to think of it, the first time we heard the Nue's scream...
...the dog started barking a lot too.
"But when the monster appeared..."
"...it didn't embroider anything."
"Now I understand."
"So that's what it was."
"The curtain rises and the main character appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"Once the mystery of the Nue is solved, what will the Kazuha in Heiji tell him?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.
Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.

"In Conan, in Heiji and the Legend of the Nue (The Resolution)."
(Kazuha) Heiji.
We've brought you everything you asked for.
Hm...
3 sets of sheets from an empty room, a broom,
a mop and a toolbox.
We've also brought you a cardboard box and paint sprays
that were used to renovate the hotel.
And we've also brought you a permanent marker
and the sewing kit that Mrs. Masuko left us, and a tube of glue and a razor.
and a tube of glue and a razor left by Mr. Tsurumi.
Thank you very much!
That's great.
Everything is perfect.
Ah, I didn't think so.
In the drawer of the desk in the room that Ran and I have now, we found this picture.
we found this picture that looks quite old.
Isn't it the team that searched for the treasure 16 years ago?
Hm...
And, I don't know, maybe it just looks that way to us,
But don't you find that the stranger, the one in the middle of the photo,
looks a bit like Mr.
Tsurumi?
Hm.
Oh!
That's right!
Listen, guys, and now what do you plan to do, with all this stuff you've asked us?
Even though you haven't guessed?
All this will help us to summon...
...the monster again.
What?!
(Kazuha) I don't know why you do these things, Heiji.
Hm.
What do you think?
There's nothing romantic about this.
Not really.
Ouch...
Hm.
Hurry, we have to hurry.
If we don't finish it soon, it'll be daylight.
That's right.
The trick must be done at night, because if it's not dark, it will look too dark.
Eh?
Eh?
Ah yes, of course.
You're right, you're right.
Hey, maybe there's something else important
you have to do before the sun comes up?
No, I don't have to do anything special, no.
I don't understand anything.
Can you tell me what's going on?
Why did you wake me up?
I slept soundly.
(Yawns)
Have you seen what time it is?
It's 4 o'clock in the morning.
Mr. Hattori has asked me to wake you up
and have everyone come to the hotel because he has discovered the identity of the Nue.
-Do you mean it?
-The identity of the Nine?
Come to think of it,
I think the forensic team and my men are investigating around here.
Without telling you what they're doing?
-Huh?
-Hmm?
Yes, they are.
Again. (chuckles)
Oh! (Laughs)
Look at that!
It's the same!
Back to burn the same as when the monster has appeared.
There are the same flames.
Yes.
And the sign is back in place as before.
(high-pitched shrill sound)
- (high-pitched shrill sound)
Where's that noise coming from?
What's that spooky noise?
It's the scream of the Nine.

It is the cry... of the Nine.
He's back.
Aah!
Aaaah!
Heiji!
Where are you?
Help, come!
I'm here, Kazuha.
Soc right here.
Oh!
Where are you? I can't see you.
I can't see you.
Where are you? Where are you?
-Huh? -Here.
-Here.
Huh? (Laughs)
Ooh!
I'm here, now you see me?
Huh? (Laughs)
Oh!
He-Heiji... You've grown up a lot.
What are you saying, of course not.
Come a little closer and you'll see.
How can I come closer?
If there's this monster in front of you.
He-he's a huge monster.
No, in fact this little guy is no monster at all.
Look.
It's an ordinary dog wearing a bone skin on top.
What?
I found this bone skin hidden in the back of a closet in a warehouse.
Look at this.
They even put a snake for a tail.
Come, come closer, don't be afraid.
Come here and you will understand.
But what are you saying, do you want us to come closer?
Go very careful that it doesn't crush us, please.
But how...?
Oh!
Oh!
I do not understand.
What's this all about?
What is it, Heiji?
Hello;
we've sewn some sheets,
we've drawn some windows with an exaggerated perspective
and hung them up.
And for the parts that stick out,
we've glued pieces of cardboard on the sheets.
and then we painted them in the same color as the wall.
And because there are trees in the way, you can't see the building from the one that was there.
And with the smoke in the air, you can't see the trees behind it,
you can't see the trees behind us.
Add to all this the fact that it's dark at night,
it's no wonder they managed to fool us.
Now you can put out the fire, please.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your help.
(Thinking) "So my men and the forensics team
were helping her set all this up and I didn't know anything about it."
And finally, the finishing touch was the sign.
Oh!
Someone has trained the dog
because every time it feels the scream of the Niner come this way,
he'll rip this sign off and take her away;
and that's what he did.
Then the same person has left the giant sign with the teeth marks
with the teeth mark in the middle of the forest,
near the corpse of Mr.
Someji.
He wanted to make it look like Mr.
Someji had been killed by a giant monster,
the same one that had left the sign with the teeth marks on the ground there and then disappeared.
and then disappeared.
Remember that we mentioned that the dog had embroidered the sign with the teeth marks on it and then disappeared.
the first time he heard the Nue's cry?
It was because he wanted to go to tear off the label
as he had been taught to do, but he couldn't get out.
But there's another thing, too.
The first and the second time we heard the Nue's scream,
it could have been made by someone with a cell phone or some other device, it's true.
But we have also felt the same scream when they have poisoned M.
Tanzawa was poisoned,
when you had already kept all the devices
with which the noise could have been made.
How could it be that someone could have made the scream, then?
Eh?
It was this noise, wasn't it?
(High-pitched sound)
If you put water in a wine glass
and following the edge of the glass with the spring finger,
you'll see what a noise it makes.
(High-pitched sound)
(High-pitched sound) It is true.
Some time ago I saw it on television.
That is to say, the only person...
who may have hung the sheets painted here
and who could have made that noise
is the person who was in a room on the second floor
and who had asked for wine to be brought to him.
There is only one person who could have done it.
There is only one person who could have done it.
Oh!
(Heiji) Mrs. Fumie Masuko.
It was you.
Because you studied fine arts, you know how to draw...
and she knew how to paint the windows on the sheets
because they looked like the real thing.
Later, when we chased the monster...
towards the back of the hotel, it was like there was fire,
it was easy to get rid of the sheets by throwing them into the flames.
But later, once the fire was out, we found the remains.
But when was he able to draw the windows on the sheets?
He had already drawn them before.
He didn't have time to do it.
He would have hidden the sheets in his room.
But before when?
When we arrived he said that someone fed the dog sometimes, didn't he?

I'm sure it was Mrs. Masuko.
She must have come to show the dog
to tear off the sign when he heard the noise.
Maybe she planted the tree so that the setup would work out well for her.
But the second time the lawn caught fire,
she was in her room, just like everyone else.
- (Heiji) Using metallic sodium.
(Heiji) -How could she set fire to the lawn?
How?
You can make fire with sodium metal?
If you wrap it with something flammable, like paper or grass,
and wet it with water,
it produces a chemical reaction that makes it get very hot.
When we put out the first fire we all put out,
Mrs. Masuko was carrying a bucket.
If she had had metallic sodium in the bucket, she could have made it look like she put out the fire,
she could have made it look like she was putting out the fire
but she actually spread the sodium in front of the hotel.
And the water?
How did he get the sodium wet?
You said it yourself, Mr. Mayor.
When it caught fire on the lawn,
you said you heard the sound of opening a fizzy drink.
You have made a hole in the cork stopper of the wine
so that he could go through it with an inkless ballpoint pen lead.
He then put tape around the stopper
until it was thick enough
to fit perfectly with the hole in the water bottle.
He shook the bottle so he could shoot water from a distance.
Hehe!
And now, shooting water from a distance.
This is impossible, man... Eh?
See how it can be done?
Oh! (Laughs)
Yes!
It's true!
I have also been able to make the same invention with the wine stopper
and another bottle of sparkling water that the mayor had bought.
And it works.
I used the mine and the same adhesive tape as Mrs. Masuko.
Masuko.
And if we cover the pen lead with our finger and shake the bottle,
then when we take out our finger...
The water shoots out and reaches the upstairs window.
It reaches the third floor window.
This means that Mr. Tanzawa has been poisoned from the floor below?
That's right.
He has stuck a poisoned double-pronged dart into the cork stopper
and held it with his finger while shaking the bottle.
When he pulled his finger out, the dart shot out...
and stuck Mr. Tanzawa, who was leaning out of the window.
As he had tied a string to the poisoned dart, he was able to retrieve it quickly,
he was able to retrieve it quickly.
Other than that, we remember everything else he has done tonight.
After hanging the sheet with the painted windows
from the window of her second-floor bedroom,
he has sent a letter to Mr. Someji to meet him outside
and murdered her.
He has made the claw marks on her back
and left the sign with the huge teeth marks near the corpse.
He has replaced the real small sign with a bigger one,
he sprayed the lawn in front of the hotel with kerosene
and set fire to it.
"When everyone went outside, he used the cell phone to produce the scream,
he used the cell phone to produce the Nue's scream."
"And hearing it, the dog with the bony skin went to tear off the sign...
just as he had taught him to do."
"He went to the back of the hotel and went back inside."
"While pretending to put out the fire..,
he spread metallic sodium in front of the hotel."
"Then he threw water on it to ignite it,
taking care not to touch us, who were standing guard outside."
"When Mr. Tanzawa leaned out of the window to look at the fire,
he poisoned her by throwing the dart at her."
"In the first victim she had been killed by a tiger, and in the second by a snake."
"He has made it look as if they had both been killed by the Nue."
The knife he had used to kill Mr.
Someji
he must have thrown it into the lake;
it was the easiest thing to do.
As for the dart he had used to kill Mr. Tanzawa,
the forensic team could not find it,
and he most likely has it inside a pen he carries with him.
He could have made a two-spiked dart in many ways,
like attaching two sewing needles to a toothpick.
He was very lucky.
The needles went into Mr. Tanzawa's chin the first time.
Tanzawa's chin the first time.
Hm...
Hm.
It wasn't a matter of luck.
-Hm?
-Hm?
I touched it where he wanted to touch it.
I practiced a lot to make sure I got it right on the first try.

when he stuck his head out of the window wherever he went.
But... So you recognize that you've killed them?
Mm-hm.
But why them?
Why precisely the two of them?
-What?
-Because the two of them let him die.
He was part of the team
that searched for the Tokugawa's buried treasure many years ago.
And he was also my husband.
-Oh!
-He was from out of town and his name was Charles Abel.
So does that mean... does that mean...
that the two dead men were also part of that archaeological team?
Yes, both of them.
When there was the rockslide,
my husband was buried and they fled.
They abandoned him even though he was still alive.
But you can't blame them, they couldn't do anything else.
He wrote the name of a scary monster on a piece of paper.
He wrote "Nue."
They couldn't do anything else, them.
Just run away.
It was a misunderstanding.
He didn't write "Nue".
Did he?
You wrote "iron," didn't you?
Did he?
Actually what Charles Abel was trying to explain to his classmates
is that he had found an iron object.
He was from out of town and had never seen a traditional needle before.
That's why he wrote the word "iron",
because he then wanted to show the paper and the object to his classmates
for asking them what it was,
because he didn't know it was a needle from his hair.
Because he wrote the word slowly with a very thick marker,
the ink went through the paper.
They looked at the other side and thought it said "Nue".
That's true.
It looks like it says "iron".
He used this misunderstanding to attract the victims
and make them come here.
In the letters he put that in Charles Abel
he might have found metal jars.
-Don't you remember the poem?
-Why metal jars?
"At sunrise and sunset,
two thousand jars glitter with a thousand gold coins."
This says the popular poem.
If there really were two thousand jars
filled with a thousand gold coins each, it would be a fabulous treasure.
And they both came attracted
by the possibility of finding the treasure and becoming rich.
They could not imagine that they wanted to be murdered.
Yes.
In case they had not come, I had thought to spare them.
But they were wretches who thought only of gold.
He invited a detective in order to have a reliable witness to testify that the monster existed.
to testify that the monster really existed.
And he also asked them to invite a young girl
because he knew that she would be frightening when she found the notebook
that Mr. Abel used to practice calligraphy.
He assumed that Tanzawa would surely offer to change his room when the girl found the notebook.
when the girl found the notebook and got scared.
And if there were Charles Abel's personal belongings in that room,
perhaps there was also some clue about the metal jars.
One moment, one question.
Why did he invite me?
I don't understand.
I have nothing to do with all this.
Even if you don't know it, it does have to do with Mrs. Masuko.
-What? !!
-Because she's his mother.
She wanted her son to witness how he avenged his father.
Oh!
When we arrived, the dog came to greet you right away.
Surely he saw something in you
that reminded him of your missing owner.
Hm...
Is it true, everything you said?
Is it true?
Nonsense.
Of course it's not true.
I read one of your horrifying articles
and I thought it would be fun to invite you here.
This time,
see if you'll write an article worth a damn.
About a stupid woman
who wanted to cash in on the legend of a monster
and ended up getting a taste of her own medicine.
It's the same thing.
It's the same thing the legend says.
What?
According to legend, the Nue was Yorimasa Minamoto's mother.
The mother transformed herself into the monster
just so that her son could kill
and gain everyone's recognition.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Nee tatoeba juunen mira no
Bokura wa dou shiteiru ka na.
Yume no Meiro nuke
doa no soto kimi ga ite
waratteru ka na.
Kimi to nara itsumade mo yume wo mito
aruite yukitai to Negau.
Ima mo boku wa yume no naka.
Oikakete oikakete Doko made mo
mada minu keshiki wo mezasu yo.
Oh, oh...
Sore ga boku no yume kimi to Zutter.
What?
Isn't it true that you two are the Ran Mouri and Conan?
Yes, that's right.

This case was very important and complicated.
Where is Mr. Mouri?
I don't see him.
Where is Mr. Mouri?
I don't see him.
"Now do you see?"
H-he couldn't come.
What?
Hey, Conan.
Have you seen the Kazuha?
I don't know where it is.
Well yes, I saw them going for a walk with Heiji a while ago.
They've gone to Kurogane Lake.
But it's better if you don't go.
I think it's better if we leave them alone for a while.
He said something like this.
"Now you'll see how it's done. Learn."
Eh?
Heiji!
What's wrong, Heiji?
Why did you make me come all the way out here?
I'm warning you if you want to show me another creepy monster,
it's not necessary because I'm sick of it.
What are you saying, of course not.
Listen to me well because I'm only going to say it once.
Oh!
Hm?
(Swallows saliva)
Hey, Kazuha...
Say.
Oh!
Ah!
Ooh!
Ooh!
Look, Heiji.
The surface of the lake looks golden with the reflection of the evil coming out.
Ah.
That was it.
I wanted to say this.
What do you mean?
What do you want to say?
It's what the poem says: "At dawn and dusk,
two thousand jars glitter with a thousand gold coins."
The name Kurogane refers to the steel jars.
In other words, the whole lake is a jar.
With the reflections of the sunlight when it rises and when it sets,
the water turns golden and it looks very nice that there are
that there are all of gold coins on the surface of the lake.
Oooh!
But I didn't tell you that's why we came here.
Eh?
Oooh!
I didn't realize it
until there was that incident at Ebisu Bridge.
But it seems to me that...
I would say that... I have a feeling that I feel...
Evacuate the civilians in a safe area!
-Huh? -But what's wrong, what...
-But what's going on, what...? -What's going on, what...?
Begin operation capture of the Nue!
The Auto Forces?
They have finally come for real?
"What do you bet they've come from Hamamatsu Air Base?"
Heiji, what were you going to say?
What were you about to tell me?
I just wanted to say that you were right.
Egg rice is always much better
if you mix in the egg than if you don't.
Isn't that right?
Egg rice is always better if you mix the egg in well.
Hm...
Ran!
What did Heiji tell you?
Tell me, what did he say?
He told me that the egg rice is better
if you mix in the egg than if you don't mix it in.
What?!
I told you, me!
You see?
Wow, you're really becoming famous.
Congratulations,
future husband of mine.
-Oh!
-Oh!
No way!
And now what are we going to do?
Does this mean that a misfortune will happen again?
For Buddha to warn us that a misfortune is about to happen
does not require any kind of investigation.
There was no need for a detective to come expressly.
Ah!
What's the matter?
Aah!
Eh?
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The mysterious prophetic Buddha statue'."

