"The Ran, the Sonoko and the Masumi....
"They make me go with them to the department store
because they want to buy new bikinis to go to the pool."
"But when we're there..."
Aaaah!
Eh?
Oh!
Oh!
"The victim is the director of a cosmetics company,
Mrs. Ritsuko Sashihara."
"She has the thumb and index finger of her left hand stretched out."
"And the thumb of the right hand has been painted over
with the lipstick on her mouth."
"But I'd like to know .
...why."
"The curtain rises and the main character appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"The position of the fingers and the red lipstick.
the mysterious case and the secret of the Masumi."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.

Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
"The tester's blind spot. Part two."
Do you want to know the order in which Mrs. Sashihara,
Yamaki and Nitsuka entered the fitting rooms?
Let's see...
Yes.
I think the first one was Miss Yamaki.
She told me that she didn't remember where the fitting rooms were...
and then I accompanied her there.
And did she see if there were white sandals?
I think they were in front of the fitting room on the right.
Hm...
The next one was Mrs. Sashihara.
She went into the middle fitting room, which was empty.
Understood.
So Ms. Nitsuka entered last.
Yes, she entered a long time after...
Mrs. Sashihara entered the middle fitting room.
She was angry because the fitting room took a long time to become free.
According to Conan,
it seems that Mrs.
Sashihara said something to upset him.
Yes.
But... my head told me
that she often gets unpleasant things said to her too,
and that there was no need for me to worry about all this.
Yes.
Hm...
And I heard that Mrs. Sashihara was saying
that it was the first time she saw you in this store.
I don't know about that.
Are you new here?
But in fact you had already seen each other a week ago, right?
Yes.
The day Mrs. Nitsuka fainted in the fitting room,
she was here with Ms. Yamaki.
By the way,
her shoes are these high heels and white slippers?
Yes, of course.
I leave the high heels in the closet,
and I put on the slippers to walk home.
Are you sure you only use these two pairs?
Hey, if you think the cheating, you can search the whole store, if you want.
Miss Nanbu, could you draw us a picture of the white sandals you say you saw in front of the tester?
you say you saw in front of the fitting room?
- (Nanbu) E-clearly.
(Nanbu) -It doesn't need to be very detailed either.
Yes, just as the sales clerk said,
I think the white sandals were already there
before I entered the fitting room.
Hm... After Ms. Sashihara entered the fitting room next to her
next to her,
did you feel any noise or anything strange?
No, nothing special.
Isn't it true that she entered the fitting room saying something
such as, "May I help you change?"
Why should I have said something like that?
I'm not her maid, me!
But... she said that she had paid the debts you owed,
and that she had also given work to your company, right?
Yes, this is true, I was really indebted to her.
But you have seen the clothes she was wearing,
she didn't need anyone to help her take them off, don't you think?
You are right.
Excuse me, these boxes that you carry to the bag, they are a gift for someone?
Yes, they are for the owner of the store.
It's a new product that the company has brought to the market.
Mrs. Sashihara had asked me
to pass it on to the store owner through one of the sales clerks.
In fact, it's just a perfume.

You can open the boxes and check their contents.
Okay, if you don't mind, we'll open them later.
Now, please draw me a picture...
of the sandals you told us about earlier.
A simple drawing will be more than enough.
Eh?
Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's right!
A week ago I fainted in one of the fitting rooms.
Because of the dog hairs that that woman, Mrs. Sashihara,
had spread all over the place.
So... you are allergic to dogs.
According to the report written by the scientist,
there was a lot of dog hair on the floor at the crime scene.
We understand.
By the way, can you tell us when you left the dressing room?
approximately, the owner of the white sandals?
She left between 02:43 and 02:44.
I know this because I went every minute
to check if the fitting room on the right was empty.
Ah!
And why should I go to the one on the right?
In the middle there was that woman full of dog hair,
and her maid occupied the one on the left.
And maybe she also had dog hair on her.
That is to say, in what he says,
he knew that the victim occupied the middle fitting room.
Yeah, I guess... Yes.
Excuse me, what are these kind of light brown covers?
This?
Well, it's... These are folding slippers.
When I leave here I plan to take a trip to China.
Oh!
Eh?
Maybe he modified them to look like white sandals.
What?!
Look at that!
They are brown!
The white sandals I've seen, moreover, had a different shape.
-Eh?
-Hey, you!
Give me paper and pencil, I'll make you a drawing of how the sandals were.
Hm...
The three drawings are almost identical.
It seems that there really was a customer
who wore white sandals.
Inspector Megure, the scientist found this in a wastebasket...
near the fitting rooms.
There were a pair of scissors, some adhesive tape scraps,
and also a small cane with the ends cut off.
Do you think they could be related to this case?
Hm.
Hey, listen!
You still don't know who killed him?
No.
It must have been that woman.
Surely it must have been...
It can't have been!
Have you figured out who did it?
Yes, but we still don't know for sure...
how she managed to get into the dressing room
without the victim screaming out a warning.
That's because the victim was wearing makeup protection.
The single-use pouches you put on to prevent makeup
to prevent makeup from soiling the clothes you wear.
The problem is that when you put them on you can't see very well.
But there are voices,
so that if someone comes in you notice.
And this... do all the fitting rooms usually have this?
Hm.
In fact, some stores give it to you before you enter the fitting room.
But, on the other hand, there are many that have them inside the fitting room,
in a box that looks like a tissue box.
Eh?
"That's how you've done it."
(Shinichi voice) "I get it!"
"It wasn't the first time..."
"But the second time they tried to kill her."
(Takagi) Inspector Megure.
We've already checked all the security cameras in the store,
but most of the customers' feet were not visible.
We still haven't been able to confirm if anyone was wearing the white sandals
that all three claim were in front of the fitting room to the right
shortly before the murder.
Hm... So the killer could be the woman who was wearing white sandals
who was wearing white sandals and who must have run away.
Or maybe... the girl who found the body,
the Reia Nanbu, the sales clerk.
Or it could also be, of course,
the woman who was using the fitting room to the left
before the victim entered the middle fitting room,
Miss Ayami Yamaki, who also worked for the victim.
Or it could be the woman who is allergic to dogs
who occupied the fitting room on the right
after the customer wearing the white sandals came out,
Mrs. Tomoyo Nitsuka.
The question is how did the murderer get into the fitting room on the right?
to get into the victim's fitting room.
Yes.
If someone had come in while she was changing,
I'm sure she would have called.
Yes, even if she hadn't made any noise...
...the mirror would have reflected the killer's image.
Hm?
Yes, but...

We would have to consider whether, when the murderer went into the dressing room, the victim was already unconscious,
the victim was already unconscious.
Then she would not have called and strangled her without any problem.
You say that the victim was already unconscious?
How would that have gone?
By using a makeup shield
the ones in the dressing room.
Men may not know what they are,
but women often use them
to prevent makeup from soiling the clothes they are trying on.
If someone had impregnated the first of the protectors with chloroform?
or with some other product,
when the victim would have put it on she would have lost consciousness.
Hm.
Of course!
Of course.
In fact, I didn't know anything about these pads either,
I thought it was a giant box of tissues.
This would mean that the killer had a bottle of chloroform.
There isn't a whole bottle, just a small cane is enough.
One little cane?
With the hair iron you seal one of the ends of the cane
and you put the chloroform in the other end.
Then you also seal the other end and thus it is closed.
When you want to use it you only have to cut one of the ends.
I read that it's a good way to store makeup
and reduce luggage when traveling.
Of course, the cane and scissors we found in the trash can....
near the crime scene would be for it.
I'm going to talk to the Scientist.
Hm... Well, yeah.
But even if the makeup remover had chloroform in it,
plus the killer had to know
which of the testers the victim would use.
She would use the middle one, so that the other two were occupied.
But there was a chance that another customer would come in.
Yes.
The killer already tried to commit this crime just a week ago,
but, of course, as you so rightly said,
before the victim came in, Mrs. Nitsuka came in...
and the plan failed.
It was the second time she tried to commit the crime.
That is to say, a week ago Mrs. Nitsuka did not pass out
because of her allergy to dogs, but because she inhaled chloroform.
But how did the murderer do it to her
to get her into the middle fitting room?
Even if she occupied one of the other two,
how did she do it to block the third one?
Because the murderer has placed the white sandals
in front of the third fitting room.
Yes.
Hm.
And the only person who could have done that
is the one who occupied the left fitting room
before the victim entered the middle fitting room.
Miss Yamaki, you are responsible.
But... No, no, wait a minute!
No way, I'm not wearing white sandals!
Besides, the sandals were already there before I entered the fitting room.
-Yes, it's true.
-Isn't that right, sales clerk?
Hm?
Conan!
I bought everything for you, the insoles,
the adhesive tape and the white tape.
Thank you!
But why are you going to use it all?
I'll use it to create the other client.
...client?
To create the other...
Let's see...
First of all what we have to do
is to place the white ribbon on the heel of the template.
Then we cross the ends of the ribbon underneath
and fix them with adhesive tape.
Then we cross the ribbons over the top,
then go back over the back and put more tape on.
That's it!
Now we have our white sandal.
You're very handy, Conan.
Wow!
I have a knack for crafts.
Then you make another one just like it
and place them in front of the fitting room
and that way you can show that there's another customer inside.
But... you'd notice it right away, they don't have a heel, they're very flat.
Let's see...
What if I raise them a little and put a cell phone underneath, for example?
Can you see?
From above they look like two sandals.
That's fantastic!
Yes!
-Hey...
-You had tape, right?
Yes, woman.
The white ribbon that wraps the gifts.
If you wore the sandals already made to the bag,
after committing the murder
the only thing he would have left would be the adhesive tape
that he had used to attach the white tape to the insoles.
He could then use the white tape to wrap the gifts
and hide the insoles inside his shoes.
Yes, of course, the little pieces of tape....
that we found with the cane and the scissors
are from when you peeled the tape off the insoles.

The adhesive tape is difficult to remove if not with your fingers:
traces will have been left behind.
In short, you have committed the crime in the following way:
first you checked that the three fitting rooms were empty,
and then you placed the white sandals
right in front of the fitting room on the right.
Then you told the sales clerk that you couldn't remember where the fitting rooms were
and asked to be escorted
to see the white sandals on the right.
"Then, when the sales clerk went back to her place,
"You went into the middle fitting room,
"You spread the chloroform you were carrying on the cane
on the make-up protector and put it back in the box."
"Then you went back into the left fitting room
and prepared to perform."
"He spied to see when the victim entered the fitting room."
"And then he waited until he felt the victim fall down,
after having inhaled the chloroform."
(Body: falls to the floor)
"He then checked to make sure that no one was there,
"He entered the middle dressing room, where the victim was,"
he tied the rope around the victim's neck
and strangled her to death.
Then she stayed hidden, waiting for Mrs. Nitsuka,
who came and went up and down
to see if the dressing room was free, to move away.
She stuck her hand out through the space left by the curtain
and then retrieved her sandals and cell phone.
"When she felt that Mrs. Nitsuka
"She went into the fitting room on the right,
"she went back into the fitting room on the left,
"She took the white ribbon off the sandals,
"She wrapped the gift boxes
and tucked the insoles into her shoes."
In fact, she wanted to get out of the fitting room and away from the crime scene,
but the sales clerk found the victim's body
before she could do so, am I wrong?
What is not clear is the gesture the victim makes with both hands.
Ah!
The clenched fist and red lipstick on the thumb wants to be....
A flag!
Yes, the Chinese flag.
A flag?
If you think back,
you'll remember the victim had a five-star manicure.
She painted the whole area around the stars...
with the red lipstick to make it look like the Chinese flag.
The Chinese flag?
But why the Chinese flag?
Because it turns out that in China
the counting system is a little different.
They count from 1 to 10 with one hand.
With one hand?
From 1 to 5 they count the same as in Japan,
but 6 is like this, 7 is like this...
and 8... 8 is like this.
Hey, isn't that...?
Ah, that's right, it's the number 8.
Like the kanji of Miss Yamaki's name.
Of course it is.
Since the victim had traveled all over the world,
she also knew how it's counted in China.
And... as in, Mrs. Sashihara has left a lot of dog hair behind,
in all likelihood,
if you look at the soles of Ms. Yamaki's feet,
you will find some of the victim's dog.
No, you don't need to look, I'm sure I have hairs stuck to me.
After all... I was like Mrs. Sashihara's little dog.
The puppy?
We both came here several months ago to buy clothes for each other.
Coincidentally, Mrs. Sashihara and I chose the same clothes.
Gee, don't tell me you plan to wear this to the next party.
Yes.
But don't worry, if you want to wear it, I'll find something else.
No.
No problem!
I won't wear it.
Go ahead, you can stay.
Thank you.
It looks like it.
Looks like she was a good person.
The president didn't wear that dress,
but she had...
have one just like it made for her dog.
I don't believe this.
You're dressed just like my dog!
Even the ribbon you're wearing looks like a collar.
You want me to attach a leash?
(laughs)
You'll be my doggy all your life, Yamaki.
(laughs) Oh!
Hm-hm-hm!
I couldn't leave for another company
because of the debt I still had to pay him back.
That's why... I killed him before she finished me off.
I didn't want him to dominate me all my life.
Hm.
Yorisou Futari ni kimi ga oobaarappu.
Ironaki kaze ni Omois hasete.
Furet té no nukumori ima mo...
Stop Jikan wo tomete.
You Itsu no datte
kimi no kotoba wasurenai no.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Setsunakute modokashii.
Karakurenai ni somaru togetsukyou
michibikareru hay negatte.
Kawa no Nagare ni Inori wo komete.

Y've been thinking about you.
Y've been thinking about you.
Itsumo kokoro kimi no soba.

(Masumi) Case closed!
A case like this, with Conan and me together, it's a piece of cake.
Oi, Conan?
I just made some sandals out of ribbons.
You've been impressive, detective!
Sonoko, you're a good detective too.
You said you were the Queen of Deductions.
Yes, but it's funny, I'm not very inspired lately.
Before solving a case, I used to feel a tingle on the back of my neck, but....
(thinks) "I haven't thrown an anesthetic dart at him for a long time."
I didn't know that... in Germany and France they counted this way.
In Shinichi he often did it too.
He explained that he had learned it from his mother.
"Yes. Mother has a weakness for the elegance of the French."
(Sonoko) Hey, Conan!
Is the number 3 done like this all over Europe?
No, it isn't.
On TV they said that within Europe there are also some exceptions.
In England they count like in Japan.
To count to three they do it like this:
they raise the index finger, the middle finger and the ring finger.
Hm...
But always in this order.
Yeah, sure, I thought so.
Eh?
"Come to think of it, in the case of the woman in red, the Masumi..."
It's pretty thin, for a bat.
It must not go very well for playing.
"She said something like that."
"Maybe she was comparing it to a cricket bat,
a popular sport in England."
"Compared to baseball bats,
cricket bats are flatter and thicker."
"By the way, when eating, according to American etiquette,
"After cutting the food with the knife
the fork must go back to the right hand."
"But neither in Japan nor in England do we switch the fork in the right hand."
"Wait a minute, one day the Masumi also told me..."
And I suppose you already know
that Conan has become quite a soccer crack, right?
"In the U.S. when they say 'soccer' they mean American soccer."
"This means... the Masumi studied abroad,
but not in the United States, but in England!"
"But why is she hiding that she studied in England?"
"Hey, wait a minute!"
"England..."
"England..."
"England."
"I got it!"
"I remember!"
Ah, yes, you can go ahead.
In fact, I've been expecting you.
D-did you see it?
I-it was some kind of yellow light!
I did see it!
But it disappeared right away!
The owner claims that a ghost has been appearing to him for a few days.
Ah!
"Sure, I get it."
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Junior Detective League and the Haunted House'."

