Ah...
Ah... Yes, you can come in, go ahead.
Actually, I've been expecting you.
Thanks again.
You don't deserve it.
Don't make a face living around here, you guys.
No, we came camping today.
But we went for a walk to the lighthouse and suddenly it started raining.
Suddenly, the roads became torrents.
Since it's raining, it wouldn't have done you any good to bring an umbrella either.
You can stay here until the rain stops,
but then check out.
It won't do you any good to stay long in this house.
What do you mean, it won't do us any good?
Strange things have been happening here lately.
It better not have anything to do with it.
What kind of strange phenomena?
Mm?
I haven't seen it myself, but...
the owner claims that a ghost has been appearing a few days ago.
-Mm?
-(Hana) Huh?
(Hana) Don't tell them these things.
Can't you see you're scaring them?
Maybe there are ghosts?
They're usually things from the past.
The truth is, I don't really believe in this kind of thing.
But if the owner says so, it must be true.
He's not one to make things up.
According to him, a few days ago...
that a kind of yellowish-white light has been appearing to him.
Now that I've explained everything, go back to the towels.
I am sure that all this is a lie.
He only told us because he wants us to leave right away.
-Have you seen it?
- (all) Hey?!
I-it was some kind of yellow light!
I did see it!
But it disappeared right away!
A... this really happened?
(Shinichi voice) "The curtain rises and the main character appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"What is this we just saw?"
"Sniffing out a new case in an old mansion."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he's got the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.

Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.

"The Junior Detective League and the haunted house."
(Ayumi) Even though it's raining.
Eh?
Sorry to disturb you.
What's up?
Hello.
Who are you, you?
They let us in because it's raining so hard outside.
That's good.
I'm Hideto Amemiya.
In fact, I'm the freeloader... who lives here by the cap.
- (Genta) It looks like a laboratory!
- (Ayumi) Ual-la!
(Mitsuhiko) Of course!
It's full of weird gadgets!
I'm a research scientist at the university.
In addition to this room,
I also use a part of the garden to conduct experiments.
And you do all these kinds of scientific experiments,
what do you think, ghosts?
I see that you have been explained the uncle's stories.
I don't believe in such things.
But the guy is convinced that they do exist.
Yes...
This house is quite old, isn't it?
In fact, uncle bought it 5 years ago, when he retired,
but the house is more than 50 years old.
Do you know if he bought it
without knowing about the rumor of a ghost appearing?
No, this is all very recent.
It was only 15 days ago that the guy started to say
that he was seeing the ghost appear.
-No.
-And until then nothing had happened?
A couple of months ago my aunt died,
and uncle says it's Aunt Chieko's ghost that he comes to see.
The aunt was paralyzed, she couldn't walk.
-Hello.
Good morning, Hideto.
-Good morning, aunt.
-Oh, so much.
-Are you going out to draw today, too?
I'm looking forward to another exhibition in the autumn.
Eh?
Tieta!
Aunt Chieko always went there to draw
and nothing ever happened to her.
We don't understand how she could fall that day.
Yes.
Poor lady.
Her uncle would be very upset, too.
That's why she must say she sees ghosts.

Thank you very much for inviting us to dinner.
Yes, it is still raining a lot.
It was the least we could do.
This stew is finger-licking good!
How nice.
There's plenty of it.
If you like it so much, you can repeat.
-If you still have a full plate.
-I want more!
But I know I'll repeat.
By the way, I heard that your wife is coming to see you.
Yes, that's true.
But I understand she's dead, right, your wife?
That's right.
But she still comes to see me.
He usually shows up after dark and...
around 10:00, he's gone again.
And what does she look like, your wife, when she appears to you?
Actually, what she appears to me is a kind of a rather yellowish light,
and then I start to feel her voice...,
Chieko's voice.
She told me that today she would tell me about the accident she had.
- (all) Eh?
- (objects: Cling-CLONG
-What are you doing?
(all) -Oh... Sorry, sorry!
I'm very sorry, sir.
Sorry, sorry...
Very well.
I'm going to my room.
I'm very sorry, sir.
I'm sorry, sir.
I'll be going to the lab, too.
Oh, by the way, Hana.
I broke a glass in my study earlier.
Would you mind vacuuming it?
And now.
I dropped it in front of the medicine cabinet.
Okay, sir.
Could it be that right now you're talking...
with the ghost of your wife, Mr. Otaguro?
(Mitsuhiko) You mean it's not someone who entangles you?
(Ayumi) I don't know, but he looks happy to be able to talk.
(Ayumi) What do you mean?
What can we do, Conan?
It's obvious: if they are cheating Mr. Otaguro with the ghost,
the Junior Detective League can do something.
But what do you want to do?
Mr. Otaguro is happy to have you appear to him.
Can you tell what he catches you, now?!
And we don't know if you're cheating on her either...
We have met a million times,
with people who cheat older people to take advantage, Conan!
All right, take it easy.
Or don't you remember anymore?!
Don't be afraid, because ghosts don't exist.
Eh?!
H-have you seen... the same thing I've seen?
Yes, yes... It moved by itself.
It's... it's okay.
We're still going up.
(Man) Hello, Chieko.
It's Mr. Otaguro's voice.
- (Woman) Of course I'm back.
It's good to be back, tonight.
You can also hear a woman's voice!
The door has opened without anyone touching it!
Thank you, my queen.
I'm quite well, I'm doing.
(Thunder: barrabom)
It is true that it has appeared!
The wheelchair was moving by itself!
Yes, and we also heard a woman's voice!
And the door opened by itself, without our touching it!
What does it mean?
What are you getting at?
That the ghost of Mrs. Otaguro has appeared!
-Oh!
-Mm?
And we have also seen that yellowish light
that you say appears to Mr. Otaguro!
Mm... You mean it's true, everything Mr. Otaguro says?
-Oh!
Quiet, that's enough!
I understand the children,
but you, you believe those ghost stories!
(Door: opens and closes)
What do you intend to do?
If you want to go, I can leave you umbrellas.
- (Genta) How should I know!
- (Mitsuhiko) I don't know.
(Mitsuhiko) What do we do?
Don't tell me... it's true that there are ghosts!
-I'm with you.
-I'd rather go home.
Go, Mitsuhiko, go get the umbrellas.
Why me?!
I don't want to go!
In fact, even if it were true, about the ghost,
it would be Mrs. Otaguro, and I don't think she would do anything bad to us, right?
-Mm?
-Eh?
Are you going to get the umbrellas, Conan?
No.
I'll be right back.
(Wind: whistles)
(Shinichi, thinks) "Sure, I get it."
- (thunder: barrabom)
Thank you very much, you are very kind.
They've already invited us for dinner before, and now they're preparing fruit juice for us.
And now!
They don't deserve it.
And for being children, you are very grateful.
Besides, usually at that time we always have tea, here, at home.
Maybe you would have preferred to drink something hot.
At this hour, here, it's already starting to cool down.
It's not necessary, it's fine now.
This fruit juice is very good.
In Genta, perhaps I would have preferred a nice plate of eels.

Yes, that's always the case.
Maybe they could also invent eel juice.
(All: laugh)
By the way, where has your partner with the glasses been?
I thought I saw him around here not long ago.
-That's very typical Conan.
-Yes, where is he?
-That's true.
-When you least expect it, he disappears. -When you least expect it, he disappears.
Conan always does that, these things.
Well, you can keep an eye on him.
This house is very big, I hope he doesn't get lost.
Mm!
MHM...!
-Uncle!
- (all) Oh!
-What's the matter with you?
Are you all right?
-Mhm!
Ahem!
Ahem!
Saburo, go call an ambulance!
Oh!
No need to call anyone.
- (Junior Detectives) Conan!
-It's him!
No... it's all right.
Hana, may I know what you put in this tea?
It's really bad.
Uncle Nobuteru, s-sure you're all right?
Yes, but it's normal that I find the tea bad.
In fact, it tastes so bad because there's salt in it.
There's salt?
Who would think of throwing salt in tea?
Hideto had a jar of poison in his study.
I changed what was there for salt.
Earlier I saw that the Hana was carrying the jar in the study,
and I found it hidden in the kitchen.
-She took the jar of poison?
-Is it true, Hana?
And what were you planning to do,
throw the uncle's tea so that he would drink it and die?!
Indeed: Hana was afraid that tonight...
the ghost would explain what had really happened the day
the day Mrs. Otaguro had the accident, two months ago.
-Oh...
-And what really happened?
I didn't think...
I didn't think Mrs. Otaguro would die!
No - I just wanted to scare her a little bit.
Hana, I won't ask you to give me back the necklaces...
nor the other jewels that you have been taking away for a long time.
I only ask you not to steal any more things from me.
Help!
I'm going to loosen the brakes of the chair a little to give him a scare,
but I didn't want to hurt you!
The Hana thought that today the ghost of Mrs. Otaguro
would explain everything that happened to Mr. Otaguro.
And of course, a ghost can't be stopped,
Mr. Otaguro has become Hana's target.
The salt that I have exchanged for poison,
which ended up in Mr. Otaguro's tea, is the proof.
How could you do such a thing?!
I'm sorry, sir, I'm so sorry!
(Both: cry)
But, in fact, the Hana didn't have to suffer for nothing.
Because we all know that ghosts do not exist.
And Hideto can confirm it to us.
But we have all seen how the wheelchair moved by itself!
This house is more than 50 years old.
It is normal that there are flaws
and things that have been damaged over time.
Actually, what has made the wheelchair move before,
is the wind coming through the cracks in the wall.
Apart from that, the chair had no brakes.
And we've also seen that door open by itself before,
without anyone touching it.
It is also an old door and the latch is very worn.
Any movement nearby can make it open by itself.
And the yellow ghost that was walking around the room?
How do you tell?
Don't you remember the one we saw just before we got here?
(Mitsuhiko) Look, it's a greenhouse!
Yes, but we can't take shelter from the rain.
(Ayumi) For those windows, maybe we could go inside!
- (all) Eh?
- (man) Hey, what are you doing?
Don't go inside.
There are still things to finish.
It's only been 15 days since we finished building this greenhouse!
That greenhouse was finished 15 days ago,
and the ghost also started appearing 15 days ago.
Can anyone think of anything around here that gives off light?
-Of course, the lighthouse!
That emits light?
That's right.
The identity of the ghost is the light emitted by the lighthouse.
Until now, the light from the lighthouse has never directly illuminated the house,
but since the greenhouse was built,
the light from the lighthouse began to reflect off the windows,
and so it now illuminates the wall of the house.
The light that filters through the walls
is reflected on the bookshelf in Mr. Otaguro's bedroom
and makes a ghostly effect.
A while ago I called the owner of the greenhouse,

and he told me that every day he closes the windows at 10 o'clock at night.
That's why the ghost disappears every day at 10 o'clock at night.
He also told me that even on rainy days, like today, he still opens the windows to let the moisture out of the greenhouse,
she opens the windows anyway to let the humidity out of the greenhouse.
So, before, when we arrived,
how come we saw that light reflection up there?
Do you remember that after a moment he entered Hideto?
It was probably the headlights of his car, when he arrived.
We didn't hear the sound of the engine because it was raining very hard at the time.
But we heard that woman's voice coming from the room.
It was true.
In fact, the poison I exchanged for the salt,
I put it in another jar and put it back in the cupboard.
Because, the curious thing is that the cupboard was not closed.
If the Hana had closed the cupboard,
she would have done it so that no one would notice that she had opened it.
Therefore, I understand that she found it open.
Y... what is the point of keeping a cabinet open where there is poison?
It's rather strange that a professional like you
would do something like that out of carelessness.
Yes, you're right.
It must have been a distraction.
And going back to what we were saying about the voice:
it's clear that the ghost is the light of the lighthouse,
but the voice must also have a reasonable explanation.
To bring out the intricacies,
I decided to check Mr. Otaguro's room,
and I found it.
Behind the bookshelf was a loudspeaker,
a microphone and the apparatus to operate them wirelessly.
Most likely, Mrs. Otaguro's voice came from here.
And, in this house, the only one capable of making such a setup...
is Hideto, right?
But how did he manage to make Mrs. Otaguro's voice sound?
I know, she would have recorded her aunt's voice.
Right, Conan?
No, surely Hideto must have manipulated his own voice...
because it sounded like a woman's voice.
As Mr. Otaguro was convinced
that the ghost that came to see him was that of his wife..,
in Hideto took it for granted that he would believe it was her.
In Hideto rushed to the scene of the accident and, on the spot, he realized that the brakes of the car were not working,
he realized that the brakes of the wheelchair were loose
because someone had tampered with them.
And because of the way Hana had been behaving
since the day of Mrs. Otaguro's death,
he also knew perfectly well that she had had something to do with it.
Therefore, he knew that, no matter how hard he pushed Hana,
she would end up acting just as he wanted.
That is, he could make her do whatever he wanted.
He could simulate the voice of the ghost
because she thought he would tell the truth
and explain that it wasn't really an accident.
He also broke a glass in front of the medicine cabinet,
left it open, and asked her to come upstairs and clean it up,
convinced that today Hana would do what he wanted her to do.
And everything went as he had planned: Hana took the poison....
and tried to poison Mr. Otaguro.
Are you insinuating that it was me
who tried to end my uncle's life?!
In these letters.
On what do you base your assertion ?!
I took them out of the wastebasket in his study.
They are all letters of non-payment.
Hideto had been borrowing money for a long time.
His only motive was money.
The only way he could pay off his debts
was to somehow get Mr. Otaguro's assets.
Why didn't he talk to Mr. Otaguro directly?
see if he could lend him the money?
Because the guy...
has always been very strict about these kinds of matters.
Hideto, I take it, then, from your reaction,
that what this boy says is true?
Yes...
You can call the police.
Yorisou Futari ni kimi ga oobaarappu.
Ironaki kaze ni Omois hasete.
Furet té no nukumori ima mo...
Stop Jikan wo tomete.
You Itsu no datte
kimi no kotoba wasurenai no.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Setsunakute modokashii.
Karakurenai ni somaru togetsukyou
michibikareru hay negatte.
Kawa no Nagare ni Inori wo komete.
Y've been thinking about you.
Y've been thinking about you.
Itsumo kokoro kimi no soba.

(Police: sirens)
Yes.

And it's finally stopped raining.
(Ayumi) What a beautiful moon!
We just wanted to take shelter from the rain
and in the end it turned out to be an incredible night.
- (Ayumi) Are you hungry again, Genta?
-I'm starving again.
(Conan: thinks) "What?"
Mm?
Wait!
Please, can you leave the windows open for a while longer?
(Conan: "What?
Just today.
Please! Please! Please!
Nothing, I'm coming!
Come on, Conan!
What are you doing?
Come on, we're going back, Dr. Agasa and Ay must be suffering.
(Mitsuhiko) We could tell the doctor to come and get us.
(Genta) Yes, very well thought.
Pleased to meet you.
(Mitsuhiko) -Mm?
-It's been a long time, Shuichi!
How are you, little brother?
This kind of jokes must be fashionable, in England.
I don't understand, it seems very nice...
that you're doing everything you can to get yourself killed.
What do you say?
Do you know how to do it, little Holmes's apprentice?
Yes, of course I do.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Wizard of the Waves (part one) '."

