I didn't know that... in Germany and France they count this way.
Ah!
In Shinichi he often did it too.
He explained that he had learned it from his mother.
"Yes, mother has a weakness for the elegance of the French."
(Sonoko) Hey, Conan.
Well, no.
The number 3 is done like this all over Europe?
On TV they said that within Europe there are also some exceptions.
In England they count like in Japan.
To count to 3 they do it like this:
they raise the index finger, the middle finger and the ring finger.
But always in this order.
Mmm...
Yeah, sure, I was thinking about it!
Eh?
"Come to think of it,
in the case of the woman in red, the Masumi..."
It's pretty thin, for being a bat.
It must not go very well for playing.
"She said something like that."
"Maybe she was comparing it to a cricket bat,
a popular sport in England."
"Compared to baseball bats,
cricket bats are flatter and thicker."
"By the way, when eating, according to American etiquette,
"After cutting the food with the knife,
the fork should be returned to the right hand."
"But neither in Japan nor in England do we switch the fork in the right hand."
"Wait a minute... One day the Masumi also told me..."
And I suppose you already know
that Conan has become quite a soccer cracker, right?
"In the U.S.,
when they say 'soccer' they mean American soccer."
"This means... the Masumi studied abroad,
but not in the United States, but in England!"
"But why is she hiding that she studied in England?"
"Hey, wait a minute! England..."
You scare me, you look like you've been possessed by an evil spirit.
"England..."
I don't think you've told me who you are yet.
"England..."
You do everything you can to get yourself killed.
To me, you are very much like a magician!
"Of course!"
"I remember!"
"The curtain rises and the protagonist appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"While I was thinking about the secret of the Masumi,
I remembered the case on the beach."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.
Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
The magician of the waves, (part one)
- (boy) How long, Shuichi!
-Mm?
How are you, little brother?
It's been a while, yes.
It's been seven years.
God-ho-do how you've grown up, Shukichi.
You must be about to finish high school by now, I guess.
Yes.
Come on, don't be embarrassed.
Please say hello.
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Masumi.
Mm?
Who is she, this girl behind you?
Is she?
Don't you remember anymore?
She's our sister.
-Oh, yeah, that's right.
-I sent you pictures by mail.
I remember the mother was pregnant
before I went to America.
You're a case!
By the way, do you know where she is, the mother?
I thought we were going to go down to the beach together
after we met you at the hotel.
I had a little row with the mother at the hotel.
I can't say she greeted me with enthusiasm.
She even gave me a black eye.
And... I didn't sit idly by, of course.
I don't know where she is, she must be putting ice on her bumps....
You should be putting ice on it, but your brain.
I let you leave because you wanted to study in the United States.
And now you tell me that you only left
because you wanted to find out the truth about your father
and that, on top of that,
you want to join the FBI when you finish your degree.
I don't get it,
it seems pretty cool that you're doing everything you can to get yourself killed.
I have a green card and US citizenship.
Now I just need 3 years of work experience

and pass the FBI's written exams and physicals.
I know I will make it.
What I had the hardest time with was my driver's license.
I was not at all used to driving on the right.
Both here and in the country where we used to live, they drive on the left.
And who will pay your expenses?
If you think I'm sending you money, you can take your mind off it.
Don't worry about the money,
I've found a pretty decent hourly job.
It'll tide me over until I can get into the FBI.
You're hopeless!
When I think that I invited you to the beach
to try to convince you to come home...
I thought that a vacation in a paradisiacal setting
would help you to rest and to remember...
what your father said before he died,
when he sent us to that country
because he knew it was a safe place for us.
"From now on, pretend I never existed.
Throughout all these years
I have made very dangerous and very powerful enemies."
Don't you remember that email?
"It is you who seem to have forgotten
that they haven't found the father's body yet."
Masumi,
what do you say we go eat a bowl of noodles by the beach?
That's fine!
"I didn't know him yet, my other older brother."
"He doesn't look anything like in Kichi. In Shuichi never smiles."
"I'd love to see him smile."
"I'll get it!"
One, two, one, two...
Hello!
Shukichi, why are you letting him do this?
Can't you see it's dangerous?
"Well, he wasn't amused."
I'm sorry, he told me he wanted to climb on the umbrella...
and I couldn't say no.
"Anyway, I'll do what I learned in P.E. class."
Hop!
Hop!
Eh?
Aaaah!
"That didn't work either."
"But I still have an ace up my sleeve."
"My classmates are cracking up laughing."
"It's impossible not to be amused."
Food is not to be trifled with.
"What? I can't believe it! It was my last resort!"
Masumi, will you stop clowning around?
-Girls don't throw tantrums.
-Mom!
Wait, now you've got salt on your face from the chips.
I'm sorry, mother.
Oh, dear!
This kind of jokes must be fashionable in England.
-Excuse me.
-Sorry? -What?
It's just that I thought you were English.
Here in Japan, of the cut potatoes that are fried with oil...
and eaten with a little salt, we call "French fries".
In the United States they call "french fries".
As I heard you say "chips",
I figured you were coming from England,
the country of fish and chips.
In fact, I wanted to know if you have seen my son.
He's a little boy wearing a green bathing suit
and he's hanging around with a little friend of his, a girl his age.
-Okay, thanks.
-I haven't seen him.
Where is he, this child?
I'm sorry to bother you.
-Shinichi!
Where are you?
-Don't worry.
I can see, it's a safe country.
Any ordinary person
can guess where we're from just by the way we talk.
There is no country safe enough for our family, mother.
But don't suffer, you feel?
I assure you
that, before father's murderers find out who I am,
I'll send them straight to hell until there's none left.
I've already found you out.
You what?
I have discovered your identity.
You're a clown pierrot!
A... clown?
I've been listening to you for a long time, and I finally figured it out.
You said you've lived in many different countries, right?
As far as I know, nobody travels that much...
unless they work in a circus.
Besides, on your left hand you have the proof that proves me right.
I couldn't help but notice the blue bruise on the back of your wrist.
This bruise is very characteristic
of people who play the accordion.
As they press the buttons while blowing air in and out,
they usually get blue from rubbing against the strap.
Mm...
Father told me about it.
During their performance at the circus,
the pierrot clowns usually play the accordion.
Oh, and one more thing:
in a circus there are all kinds of clowns with very different styles,
but the only ones who paint
a vertical line in the eye in the shape of a tear are the pierrot clowns.

You still have traces of clown makeup in your left eye.
You must have been so anxious to go downstairs to take a bath
that you forgot to take off your makeup,
but nothing escapes me.
I know you are a clown pierrot!
Am I right?
"He's laughing!"
Sorry, buddy.
You're absolutely right, I've lived in 3 different countries,
but it's not for me to work in a circus.
So you're not a clown?
According to your theory,
everyone who likes to travel should become a circus performer.
Yes, of course...
This accordion thing is true, and I'm surprised you noticed it.
This blue I became an accompanist with the accordion for a song
that one of the clients of the bar where I work asked me for.
For an hourly job, it is well paid.
Also, the mark I have on my left eye is not a painted tear.
It's a black eye my mother gave me when she got angry.
By the way, I don't think you've told me who you are yet.
Well, I am...
Look, my name is Shinichi Kudo.
And I'm... I'm Sherlock Holmes' apprentice.
-Wow!
-What?
"Holmes' apprentice?"
Ah!
Shinichi!
I didn't know where you'd gotten to!
Hey, Ran.
Your mother's looking for you too.
You're playing detective again?
This is no game, as far as I'm concerned.
I'm training to be a famous detective.
You'd better be more careful from now on,
if you don't want to get hurt.
Those guys from before looked like they were pretty mad at you.
I don't care, let them be as angry as they want.
Eh?
You brat!
Did you think you're running away?
You made a fool of me before, and I assure you, you'll pay for it.
It wasn't my fault, you brought this on yourself.
You put a fly on the plate when you had it almost empty
and you made a big fuss because you wanted to leave without paying.
If you hadn't warned the waiter, I wouldn't have been caught!
I'm sorry to cut you off, but this kid is my friend.
If you have something to say to him,
you'll have to tell me first and I'll pass it on to him.
After I've emptied your eyes, of course.
Then you can tell me whatever you want.
I'm... I'm so sorry!
Aaah!
(Woman) Oh!
What a cute boy!
What a strong one!
What is it, this tactic?
It's called "finger jab".
In Japan you call it "eye poking".
It's a move that belongs to "jeet kune do".
How cool!
"Finger jab. Jeet kune do."
"How cool!"
Why don't you stay and play a little with my sister?
She's lonely and I think she's in the mood to play with someone.
Mm-hm!
Yeah, no problem.
Huh?
-Hmm?
-Oh!
What? (shouting)
- (shouting) -A car has...
-A car fell into the sea!
-It's impossible!
"He has hit his head on the windshield
when the car crashed into the barrier."
"He must not have been wearing his seat belt."
"He broke his cervical vertebrae. There's nothing to be done now."
"Mm? There's a bag in the back seat."
"It's full of fancy watches. They have the price tag on them, though."
"The front passenger window is down."
"Everything seems to indicate that the car had another passenger."
Ha-ha!
Look at him!
He's coming out of the water!
Attention, please!
Everybody stand back!
Everybody stand back!
Tell me, do you think he can still be saved?
Impossible, there's nothing to do.
And the bag?
I took it because it might contain
some clue to identify this man.
By the way, I need you to do me a favor.
In that store there's a corner
where they sell swimsuits and beach gear, right?
I need you to go over there
and ask if, after the accident,
has anyone come in with wet clothes
who wanted to buy a swimsuit and flip-flops.
I suspect that there was someone else in the car
who was able to escape in time,
and it's possible that he's posing as a bather.
What do you say?
Do you know how to do it, little apprentice Holmes?
Yes.
Of course I can.
Thank you. (chuckles)
This is yours.
Did you and your detective friend come to the beach alone?
No, Shinichi's mother accompanied us.
Okay, I need you to go look for his mother.
I need you to go find his mother
and ask her to call the police.

There are those who say that a car has fallen into the water.
Just now!
Shinichi's mother!
I-I what?
Do you need me to do something?
I'd really like to help you, too!
Let me think.
Go talk to the parking lot attendant
and ask him to stop anyone who tries to walk away
and wearing wet clothes or a bathing suit.
If he won't listen to you, tell him he could be the accomplice of a thief.
-Will you know how to do it?
-Yes!
Don't you remember?
Hasn't anyone come in to buy any clothes
right after that car fell off the cliff?
Well... a couple or three people came in,
but I didn't notice the look on their faces.
Do you know if any of these people had wet hair?
They all have wet hair, here.
Most of them come from the beach.
Huh?
I'd say three have come.
I've been standing here for a while
trying to decide whether to buy this shirt or not.
Oh, uh... Really? I happen to be a shogi player.
I happen to be a shogi player.
That's why I have a very good memory.
So the car broke through the safety barrier,
and then plunged into the water and sank.
-Okay.
-Yes.
And you say that this man was the driver of the vehicle, right?
Then it was you,
who pulled him out of the car and called us to come?
No, no.
It's true that I called you, yes.
But it was this boy who pulled him out of the wrecked car.
Who are you, young man?
I'm just an ordinary boy
studying at an American university.
I came back to Japan after a long time
and came to the beach with the family.
By the way, I don't know if it's true,
but we have been informed
that the car probably had someone else in it.
We do not know, but he is pretty sure.
And why do you think so, this?
I deduced it from seeing that the only window that was down
was on the passenger side.
The car is right-hand drive.
It would be strange for the passenger side window to be down
if only the driver was in the car.
I would imagine that the other person survived the accident,
rolled down the window before the car went down completely.
and fled.
And I suspect that he hid among the bathers.
But he didn't have to climb out of the window.
-I don't think he could have.
-He could have opened the door.
Just after he fell into the sea and sank,
there was still air inside the car.
The water pressure must have prevented him from opening the door.
That's why he decided to roll down the window,
get out of the sinking car and swim away.
I see what you mean.
So you mean he abandoned his partner and saved himself.
No.
The victim was not wearing his seat belt when they went overboard.
What?
"That's why, when the car broke through the safety barrier,
he crashed headfirst into the windshield."
"The impact has broken his cervical vertebrae."
When the car hit the water and started to sink,
his companion must have realized that he was dead.
and that there was nothing to be done,
and must have considered
that the most sensible thing to do was to flee alone to save his life.
But what need did he have to impersonate a bather?
There was no need for him to hide, if he had been the victim of an accident.
I imagine that he did it
because he must have had a compelling reason for wanting to hide his identity.
Whoever he is.
Yorisou Futari ni kimi ga oobaarappu.
Ironaki kaze ni Omois hasete.
Furet té no nukumori ima mo...
Stop Jikan wo tomete.
You Itsu no datte
kimi no kotoba wasurenai no.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Setsunakute modokashii.
Karakurenai ni somaru togetsukyou
michibikareru hay negatte.
Kawa no Nagare ni Inori wo komete.
Y've been thinking about you.
Y've been thinking about you.
Itsumo kokoro kimi no soba.

Mr. Pierrot!
I've got it.
I've already found them!
People who have bought clothes right after the accident.
It seems that this man
who was driving the car that fell into the sea and sank,
was not traveling alone.
And now they say that he could have been camouflaged among the bathers.
The case is solved.
Don't miss the next episode:
"The magician of the waves, (second part)".

