"Ten years ago, while summering at the beach with my parents,
we met another family."
"Also,
I happened to see a car plunge into the sea."
By the way, I don't know if it's true,
but we have been informed that the car maybe had another person in it.
We don't know, but he's pretty sure.
Hmm?
And why do you think so, this?
I deduced it when I saw that the only window that was rolled down
was on the passenger side.
The car is right-hand drive.
It would be strange for the passenger side window to be down
if only the driver was in the car.
I see what you mean.
So, you mean to say that he abandoned his partner...
and saved himself, right?
No.
The victim was not wearing his seat belt at the time of the accident.
What a ?
That's why when the car burst the safety barrier,
he crashed head first into the windshield.
The impact broke his cervical vertebrae.
When the car fell into the water and started to sink,
his partner must have realized that he was dead.
and that there was nothing to be done,
and considered that the most sensible thing to do was to flee alone to save his life.
But what was the need for him to pretend to be a swimmer?
There was no need for him to hide, if he had been the victim of an accident.
I imagine that he did it...
because he must have had a compelling reason for wanting to hide his identity.
Whoever he is.
"The curtain rises and the protagonist appears."
"He solves the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"The family on the beach and the crashed car are a real mystery."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.

Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
"The magician of the waves. Part two."
-How did it happen?
-It looks like he's dead.
(murmurs)
A motive for concealing his identity, you say?
Do you know if there's been a robbery this morning?
Have any jewelry stores been broken into near here?
Well, now that you mention it, about an hour ago we received a tip-off...
that two people had entered to steal
in a watchmaker's shop located a kilometer away.
How can you know if they haven't said anything on the news yet?
In the back seat of the wrecked car I found this bag.
If you take a look, you'll see that it's full of brand name watches.
They even still have the price tag on them.
Yeah, but it could also be a wholesaler...
who was going to deliver an order to a watch store.
In this case, he would have wrapped them in plastic...
or put them in boxes to protect them.
The fact that they're either way
indicates that this man had just robbed them
and was only thinking of running for his life.
inspector,
are there any witnesses who've seen the robbers' faces
and can identify them?
No, unfortunately, they were both wearing ski masks.
Witnesses say that one of them had a man's voice,
but they agree that the other could be either a man or a woman.
Mr. Pierrot!
I understand.
I've already found them.
Hmm?
People who have bought clothes right after the accident.
You say you're sure, right?
Huh?
Yes.
This chubby guy bought a T-shirt and a swimsuit.
This lady bought some flip-flops.
And, as for the other tall, skinny guy,
he bought a Hawaiian shirt.
Do you have a problem with my new shirt?
It looks like this man,
who was driving the car that fell into the sea and sank, was not traveling alone.
That's why I'd like... to hear his story.
I-I'll start.
My name is Shigekatsu Fukumizu.
I came to spend the day at the beach with my girlfriend.
Suddenly, while we were on top of the inflatable boat,
she told me she wanted to marry me.

"I told him that it was still too early and that I wasn't sure,
"And then he got so angry
that she gave me a push and threw me into the water."
"When I got back in the boat, she was gone."
"At least she had the courtesy to leave my purse."
I took off the clothes I was wearing, which were soaking wet,
and went to buy a T-shirt and a swimsuit to get out of the way.
Hmm... And where is his girlfriend now?
I guess she took the car and went home,
as angry as she was.
-And the basket, where is it?
-We came with her car.
No idea.
I couldn't take it with me, without the car, so I had to leave it.
The current must have swept it away.
Is it my turn?
My name is Yasue Kitamori.
I came alone to try to catch some decent men,
but I didn't find any worthwhile ones.
Besides, my flip-flop strap broke...
and I had to buy new ones.
Now I was on my way home.
Yes, I think I've had enough swimming for today.
And where are the old flip-flops with the broken strap?
Where do you want them?
I've already thrown them away.
You've already thrown them away. Eh?
My goodness, what a piece of man!
Ahem!
Miss, can you explain to me how you came all the way here,
dressed like this?
By cab.
I took my purse.
While I'm bathing, I leave it in the closet so it won't be taken.
Whatever I need, I buy it here.
It's better to carry a few things,
so I don't have so much work to pick up when a man invites me to his house.
Hm.
(Man) No, you're wrong!
I tell you that I have been robbed when I was distracted!
While I was taking a shower in one of the cabins after bathing,
someone who was passing by took all my things.
I kept what I was wearing, i.e. my swimsuit.
And I had no choice but to fork out 3,000 yen and buy this Hawaiian shirt.
and buy this Hawaiian shirt.
So the purse wasn't stolen?
No, it wasn't;
luckily, I'm a man of foresight...
and I left it hidden under my towel while I was taking a shower.
Tell me, Mr. OAMI.
What are you here to do, on the beach?
Uh... I came to flirt, of course.
And how come you're wearing two watches, one on each arm?
Is that part of your flirting strategy?
Is it?
Ah!
This one is Japan time, and this one here is New York time.
They give me an interesting look.
Hmm...
(Ringtone)
(Cell phone)
(Yusaku) I am, Yukiko?
I asked you to let me write quietly
until dinner time.
Have fun at the beach and forget about me, you feel?
What a ?
A car has sunk into the sea?
It fell off a cliff and the man who was driving it died?
Yes, and it appears that this man, the driver, was a robber.
His accomplice survived
and managed to get out of the car before it sank completely,
and now they say he could have been camouflaged among the bathers.
"If I send you a picture of the three suspects might you know who it is?"
"I'm super intrigued!"
(Acoustic signal)
"As intrigued as you are, with just a picture I don't know if I can..."
Hm?
"I already know who it is."
(Masumi) I've already told you!
I've been instructed not to let out of the parking lot
anyone who is wet or wearing a bathing suit.
Eeei!
Others who want to leave!
Masumi.
Stop it, do you feel?
What?
Mother.
You should know too.
We're not ordinary people, we can't get into trouble.
Don't suffer for it.
The case is solved.
The only thing left to do is to say out loud the name of the culprit.
-What?
-What?
...is it solved?"
"The case...
What?
And now!
"You say you already know who it is?"
"But all I've done is send you a picture of the suspects!"
And what did you want?
You called me to ask me to help you find out, didn't you?
Yes, but I thought you needed me to tell you...
something more about each of them, once you had the picture.
"Okay, I'm all ears. Give me more details on the suspects."
Understood.
I've already explained to you that a car has fallen off a cliff
and the man driving it was killed on impact.
The person who was traveling with him survived the crash
and got out of the car before it sank.

He has managed to swim to the beach
and camouflaged himself among the bathers.
Yes.
And the two occupants of the vehicle were robbers, right?
Not long ago there was a news item about a robbery.
Two people have entered to rob a watchmaker's shop,
not far from here, and the police haven't been able to find them yet.
Yes.
And it's possible that the accomplice has bought some garments
to disguise himself as a bather.
The suspects are 3 people who shopped at the clothing store
just after the car hit the water.
The chubby guy says he bought a swimsuit and a T-shirt because his girlfriend threw him in the water.
because his girlfriend has thrown him into the water from an inflatable boat.
The woman says she came alone to try to catch a man,
the strap on her flip-flop broke.
and had to buy new ones.
And the other guy also says he came alone to flirt.
His clothes have been stolen while he was taking a shower
and bought a 3,000 yen Hawaiian shirt.
It's obvious.
I knew that, me.
What?
What is it, what did you know?
"The person we're looking for is the one who bought flip-flops."
The Yasue Kitamori.
If I'm not mistaken, you're the one who was traveling in the car that sank.
- "Hm? Do you find it so strange?"
-What?!
And now!
N-no... it's just that a guy we met on the beach
just said exactly the same thing as you.
Hey, hey, wait a minute!
Soc guilty just because I bought some flip-flops?
Haven't you seen the way I'm dressed, smartass?
It's obvious that I've come to spend the day at the beach, right?
Yes, it would be obvious if this thing you're wearing under your shirt...
was a real bikini.
Hm?
Y-you mean that's not a bikini, that thing you're wearing?
No, I don't think so.
When she managed to get out of the sinking car,
she must have been wearing pants or a skirt.
Once on the surface,
she realized she'd landed on a beach.
If she came out of the water dressed in street clothes,
everyone would know she had escaped from the car.
"So, before she came out of the water,
"She took off the pants or skirt she was wearing,
"she wrapped the neckerchief around her waist.
"As if it were a sarong, she has tied a knot in her T-shirt,
and pretended to be a bather."
I don't get it.
The others could have done the same thing.
Eh ?!
How do you know it was her?
After all, the woman just bought some flip-flops.
No.
It would be more correct to say that she could only buy a pair of flip-flops.
What do you mean?
When she fell into the sea,
the banknotes in her purse became useless because of the water,
so he could only pay with coins.
Ah!
His shoes were soaked and he had to take them off too,
and he could only buy a pair of beach flip-flops with a coin.
Hmm...
That's how I know she's the culprit.
The sand burns too much to walk barefoot.
Unless you're walking along the water's edge,
I don't have to tell you that.
I could have forced the store clerk to accept the tickets,
but it would have attracted attention and the clerk would have remembered his face.
And I doubt very much that in this kind of stores they accept credit cards.
Yeah, but... in summer, women usually wear sandals....
the kind that, if they get wet, they dry right away.
Don't you remember?
The people in that car are robbers.
Oh!
Besides, they robbed the watchmaker's shop...
shortly before they drove off with the car.
If they intended to flee from the police, she should have worn comfortable shoes,
and not sandals that would prevent her from running.
Am I wrong,
Yasue?
Although I doubt that's her real name.
(Yusaku) Wow!
And you say that this guy you met on the beach
has put forward the same theory that I just explained to you?
I find that very interesting.
(Yusaku) "Oh, of course he did! Exactly as if he were Sherlock Holmes."
I didn't get a good look at his face because he's wearing sunglasses,
but I think he's quite handsome.
-Ah...
- "Hey..."
By the way, you still haven't told me how you knew.
-That.
- "The what?"
You said that with the photograph of the three suspects you had had enough
to find out who the accomplice was.
Ah, yes!
For the watches.
"I don't get it. Now that I look at it, all three are wearing, but..."

In the photo, the chubby guy's watch read a quarter to two.
Then I noticed that the other boy's clock
had stopped at two o'clock.
The woman's watch, on the other hand, was stopped at ten past ten.
So I came to the conclusion
that he had just stolen it from the watchmaker's shop.
Why?
Because it was the only one that was broken and had stopped?
Even I could have guessed
that the thief was you, miss.
The watch you're wearing was stolen from a store.
What are you saying, you insolent boy?
Don't pretend.
It's exactly the same as in the store.
Ah, of course, because I bought it in a watch shop!
What happens is that the hands mark 10 minutes past 10.
Oh.
That's because... it must have gone wrong before, when I took a shower.
What?!
You didn't know that?
The clocks that the stores have in the showcases,
displayed for sale, are usually marked 10:10.
This way, the manufacturer's mark can be clearly read.
Is that true, Shinichi?
Yes.
My father and I had it explained to us recently at a watchmaker's shop.
Wow!
If it's a brand-name watch, it must have a serial number.
When they trace the provenance,
they'll be able to check immediately if it's a stolen watch.
Mystery solved.
Until now I didn't understand how I could have been caught.
-Yes, it was very easy.
-It went smoothly, didn't it?
Why don't we go south, when we've sold them all?
Hm?
(Laughs) Hey?
Hey, you.
You can't take any of the loot, is that clear?
Please put this watch back in the bag!
Eh?
Don't talk nonsense.
I bought this one a long time ago from... What are you doing?
What do you want, to get us arrested?
Come back right now!
I told you to come back!
-Huh?
-Ah!
Look ahead!
We broke the barrier and the car plummeted into the sea.
I guess... that's a description of a life of failure.
(Woman) Shuichi.
(Woman) Eh?
(Woman) What?
Did you stay rested?
We're leaving.
Yes.
So, have you changed your mind
about the idea that you had to go to work for the FBI?
No.
On the contrary, I'm more eager now than I was before.
You think you're so good
because you discovered a fugitive who had tried to hide?
Is that why you're more eager than before?
I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy this case.
The truth is that solving mysteries is what I like the most.
And, if everything goes as planned,
I'll end up finding the people who killed the father.
Ah... You scare me, Shuichi.
You look like you've been possessed by an evil spirit.
I'm not possessed, brother.
It's just that I'm sick.
Eh?
I have a fever called... "curiosity."
(Thinking) "Tsutomu!"
"After all, in Shuichi.... is his son."
Shuichi.
I was hoping that you would come back
and become a kind of father for your siblings Shukichi and Masumi,
but I've already seen that it's impossible.
Eh?
Go away, Shuichi.
Go and dispel the fog that prevents us from seeing the truth.
until the fever that afflicts you consumes your life.
Just don't leave any traces behind you.
Yes, that's what I intend to do.
Oh...
What's got into you, mother?
This tone of voice... You spoke just like the father!
From now on, I'll be the father to the three of you.
Ah... something.
The inspector is asking for you.
He says he has to take your statement about the case at the police station.
I'd better leave it in your hands.
You're the one who found out the watch was stolen.
I-I know that, but...
After all, you are the apprentice...
of that famous detective we admire so much in the country where I come from.
A... in the country where you come from?
So, this means you're British, then.
Yes.
Well, I'm American now.
By the way, I hope this case has been a training ground for you.
Yes.
My older brother's kind of a Sherlock Holmes, isn't he?
N-not true,
Sherlock Holmes is infinitely better and a thousand times cooler.
But... but well,
we could say that you're a good Watson.
Hm.
Dr. Watson, huh?
Okay, I like it.
Oh! (thinks) "He's laughed again!
(thinks) "He's laughed again!"
So long,
little Sherlock Holmes.
Hey, you know what?
To me, you're exactly like a magician.
Yorisou Futari ni kimi ga oobaarappu.

Ironaki kaze ni Omois hasete.
Furet té no nukumori ima mo...
Stop Jikan wo tomete.
You Itsu no datte
kimi no kotoba wasurenai no.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Setsunakute modokashii.
Karakurenai ni somaru togetsukyou
michibikareru hay negatte.
Kawa no Nagare ni Inori wo komete.
Y've been thinking about you.
Y've been thinking about you.
Itsumo kokoro kimi no soba.

To me, you're exactly like a magician.
(Echoing) You're just like a magician...
You're just like a magician...
"You look just like a magician..."
Why are you looking at me like that?
Is there something stuck to my face, or what?
N-no.
(Think: Shinichi voice) "Wait a minute!"
"The other day she wore a swimsuit that looked very similar
to the one she wore 10 years ago."
"Maybe she wanted to make me remember
the day we met at the beach when we were kids."
"If this is true,
"She must know that I'm Shinichi Kudo...
and that I was given a poison that made me become small."
"Then, the other brother of the Masumi and the Akai....
Is in Haneda, the 'shogi' master."
They called him Shukichi.
"And there was a woman, a Mary, who in Haneda called 'mother'."
"Her features..."
"Now I am quite sure: she is the same person as....
the 'outside sister' that Masumi speaks of."
"Is it possible that she was given apotoxin 4869, just like me?"
"But when? Where? And who?"
(Think) "You seem to have finally remembered that day.
"That we met on the beach 10 years ago,
but there's something you don't understand."
"You don't know why I told you that you were a magician."
"It's impossible for you to know."
How strange!
Why send it to me, a book that's not even finished yet?
"Tonight there was an explosion
at the Sand Castle arcade in the Beika district of Tokyo."
In the book were the clues to find the bombs,
but it turns out that Takuji Hirukawa ripped them out.
It is important, because it means that there may be others, of bombs.
I have found it!
It's inside this bag, to the wastebasket.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The bombs in the pop-up book.
Part One'."

