"In an unfinished fold-out book.
"That in Kogoro Mouri has received in the mail
there are a series of riddles that are bomb threats."
"It seems that it is all part of a plan by one Takuji Hirukawa,
"who is the brother of the deceased author of the book...
and who has planted bombs before."
"Fortunately, thanks to the efforts of Kogoro Mouri,
the second explosion could be avoided."
That's it, I made it.
-Mm?
- (cell phone)
(Woman) "Tick-tock, tick-tock, boom!"
"Congratulations to the great detective Kogoro Mouri,
but this game is not over... not by a long shot."
What?
What is this?
"Grandfather Tick-tock was a watchmaker."
"Tick-tock, tick-tock."
"Go take the last clock in the center of the set."
"The curtain rises and the main character appears."
"Solve the mysteries by doing a beautiful dance."
"There is only one bomb left from the pop-up book."
"The mystery of the set ends with a surprise."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Amai uso nara tsuiteite.
Shinjitsu wa setsunaku itai mono DA-KA-RA Oh!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
AIMA, my, mine.
Isso kimi no Subete wo kakete
logical na watashi wo damashi nuite.
Kitto Hajime wa mujaki na koi ni
eforume shite mita dake soushite.
Hikari wo Mato yami ni obieru
ginmaku Suta no you ni.
You yo yo Kono mama kyokou no Sekai de
Nazo wo tokeba oikakeru riyuu ga nakunaru wa.
Nani mo Kamo omoidoori nante tsumaranai!
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Itsuwari demo kamawanai.
"The bombs in the pop-up book, (part two)"
Oh...!
What the hell does that mean, the center of the set?
Half of seven is three and a half.
In Japanese "set" is "dwarf", but that's not it.
"Seven.
The V...
It's a complicated enigma, there's no way.
Ah!
I can't get it!
Surely you don't remember the solution to the riddle?
Rumi!
I'm really sorry.
I have already told you before
that, when we decided to abandon the publication of the book,
I was so upset, I didn't pay much attention to the content.
Oh.
But the ending I do remember.
The ending?
I remember it wasn't exactly a happy ending,
and that's why the publisher had doubts
whether the book would be suitable for children.
I read the book to the end and thought the same thing.
The illustrations are very nice, but then?
But then what?
At the end of the book, Grandpa Ticktock dies.
They don't tell until the last page that he had a very serious illness.
But the book has an epilogue that explains that at the age of 10 years old
his grandson took over the watchmaker's workshop
and he was a very good watchmaker.
Yes, yes, it is true.
So, it doesn't end so badly.
This is all very well, but it doesn't tell us where the next bomb will be.
The priority now is to solve the riddle, understood?
And neither do I.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
So, what does the set make you think of?
What is it?
What's there that's related to the set?
With the set?
Oh, I know: the days of the week, naturally.
Yes.
It makes me think of the colors of the rainbow.
So, the middle of the set is what?
The musical scale has seven notes.
The day in the middle of the week is Wednesday.
The color in the middle of the arc is green.
And the note in the middle of the scale is ago.
This is all well and good, but there are masses of possibilities to choose from.
Yes, but it's quite possible that the bomb will explode...
in a place that has to do with any of these.
Yeah, now we can't rule anything out.
I-inspector Megure...
You, tell the entire department...
that the priority now is to find the bomb.
Yes.
Listen, Inspector, I don't think I can help you anymore...
and I'm probably more of a nuisance than...
You're right, the investigation is on track, now.
You can go home now, if you like.
Yes.
Thank you very much, thank you very much.
Very well, then.
I'll be on my way.
Goodbye and thank you.
Oh.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Give me the book.
Hey, you don't want the book?
"I don't understand. It's very strange."
"Until now, the enigmas posed by this mysterious book...
could only have one solution.
But this last riddle is really ambiguous.
"And I don't understand why."

"But there's another thing:
I'm worried about the bomb that Ran's father has thrown into the sewer."
"The inspector has mobilized the entire department
"To look for the new bomb,
and that's why there's no one now to look for the one in the spindle."
"But it could be..."
Listen, inspector...
Very well, but go on.
What?
I am, now, Conan?
Tell me what you were doing in Takuji Hirukawa
with the bombs before you were discovered and left the country.
What did you do with the bombs?
Naturally, he blew them up.
For example, a few times...
he used them to blow up bank safes.
And he also blew up money transport vehicles
and then stole everything they were carrying.
For nothing, out of curiosity.
But why did you want to know this?
"You're wrong."
"What drives this criminal to act is not resentment."
"It's something else."
(Pip-pip)
-Wow, I don't know what happened.
-It's strange.
What are you saying?!
You've already found the bomb?
To the containers in building 3 of Toriya's Mokuyo complex?
(Takagi) "Here we have also found another one:"
It's in the Kenbashi public garden,
inside a wastebasket in the manager's office.
(Chiba) Another bomb has been found in Daitoma
in a company called F.A. Alloys.
It is a metal coating factory.
The bomb has also appeared in a paper mill.
Three bombs have appeared at the same time!
-I'm sorry, but you can't go in.
-Something happened?
They discovered a bomb a little further on.
What? -What?
What bomb?
A bomb?
Now they have found three bombs;
three bombs!
Tell me how to defuse them.
Come on, come on, tell me.
Come on, come on, talk!
What-what are you saying?
That all the bombs were fake?
What... what is this?
But what would you want to do in Takuji Hirukawa?
It's a trap.
It's the same as with the other riddles:
the three bombs were a hoax
and the real bomb is hidden somewhere else.
What do you say?
(Man) "Back. Back off."
-Back... Back up... Back up... - (pip-pip)
-Back... (pip-pip) Back... - (pip-pip)
-Back... Back... - (pip-pip)
-Back.
(pip-pip) -Back.
- (pip-pip)
What's the matter?
(pip-pip) Listen.
Hey.
Where are you?
What's wrong?
"Megrez Security Company."
Tell me what's wrong, Conan, come on.
The Megrez that's in the name of this security firm
is this star right here.
This is... this is a drawing of the Big Dipper.
And that's the Big Dipper.
Yes, of the seven stars that form the tail of the Big Dipper...
is called the Big Dipper,
and the star that's in the middle of these seven is just Megrez.
mm-hm.
That's why it said "in the middle of the set," right?
"What has done this is very clever."
"He gave us the right answer
because he already knew we wouldn't be in time to guess it."
(Takagi) Inspector Megure, look at this, please.
T-This is...
A sewer map.
Yes, that's right.
And we can see
that there's one that goes directly from Kanematsu Park,
where Mr. Mouri dropped the bomb, to right here.
So, maybe the bomb...
may have gone down the sewer to here.
"Yes, that's what it was."
Since it rained yesterday, the spindle must be full...
"... and the pump went down the sewer
until it ran into a grate down here."
According to the scientific police,
the bomb was detonated not by a timer,
but by remote control.
This means... What does this mean?
I know:
it means that the target of the culprit
was this armored van full of money.
What's that?
Is that so?
Well, yes, you're probably right, Conan.
"He's made it so that in Kogoro he threw the bomb into the sewer through the hole in the park
so that it would float down here."
"And that surely means that the first bomb was also a trick."
So that this thing he's done here wouldn't be so noticeable.
Oh, what a rage!
This man is a filthy rat.
Mm?
-Inspector!
Oh.
Is that so?
They've found Takuji Hirukawa's hideout!
Let's go right away.
Yes.
Let's go, too.
Wait for it.
How did you find out where the culprit is hiding?

Very easy: they received an anonymous call to the police station.
The caller said
that he knew that we were looking for Takuji Hirukawa
and then gave the address of where he is from and hung up.
"Sure. Now I know what happened."
(Kogoro) Gee, gee....
I see you have recovered very quickly.
(Kogoro voice) Good evening, Mr. Tomonaga.
But I don't think you actually had to recover from any injuries.
-But I still know more things.
-But why do you say so, this?
I was told that you were about to start a company.
Will the investment come out of the money from the armored van
that Takuji Hirukawa blew up?
What does it mean?
What van means?
I don't... I don't know what you're talking about.
-Huh?
Haven't you seen the news?
Takuji Hirukawa's hideout also exploded and caught fire.
Ah, yes, I've seen it.
According to the forensic police,
if you add up the half-burned remains of banknotes
and add a good amount
for the ones that must have been burned to a crisp,
it doesn't add up to the total amount of money in the van.
That's why I would like to know where the other stolen money went.
And why are you telling me this?
I don't know anything.
And, besides, there has been an anonymous phone call...
that revealed where Takuji Hirukawa was hiding in Takuji Hirukawa.
The caller said he knew
they were looking for him in Takuji Hirukawa, said where he was and hung up.
What does that mean?
Shouldn't he have a voice transformer?
They say the voice sounded somewhat synthetic.
That's why it will be very difficult to analyze.
I had nothing to do with it.
Why are you telling this to me?
What counts is not the voice this person had, but what he said.
Eh?
Why is that?
Because up to that point,
Takuji Hirukawa's name hadn't been in the press yet.
The only ones who knew about it were the police,
us and you, Mr. Tomonaga.
No one else knew he was wanted.
M-maybe what he's called is someone he's seen in Takuji
and remembered that face that had been on the nets years ago,
when he was planting bombs.
-Why do you say that?
I don't... I don't understand anything.
-Someone like you?
Does this mean that you suspect me, Mr. Mouri?
Yes, and it's not just a suspicion: I'm sure you're the culprit.
Mr. Tomonaga, you're behind Takuji Hirukawa, aren't you?
And you've been guiding her like an editor guides a new author.
If this is what you think,
show me some evidence that proves it's true.
We now know that all the bombs were on a timer,
but that's not what set them off:
they were detonated by remote control.
According to forensic analysis,
the remote control they used
had a maximum range of about 30 meters.
And... how important is that?
The remote control was used to advance the timer of the second bomb.
"In addition, the culprit has been sending messages to his cell phone...
at the right time."
"Therefore, it must have been someone who was present."
"Like you, Mr. Tomonaga."
You're the only one who could have done it.
And then he asked the inspector to let him come with us,
"And that's how you were able to continue to send messages
according to what I was doing."
Am I right?
You gave the idea to Takuji
to attack the armored van by making him believe
that it was a way to avenge the death of his little brother.
But you also used me, the great Kogoro Mouri,
to hide who was behind it all.
And finally, you have silenced Takuji Hirukawa forever...
with a last bomb that you yourself had commissioned.
I am impressed, I must admit.
Your deductions are very interesting.
When I have my own publishing house,
why don't you write detective novels for me?
Some novels written by a famous detective
would surely be a big seller.
But this is all just speculation.
You have no proof.
The fans of these novels won't buy it.
and will soon tire of it.
Maybe so, but we are not talking about a novel, but a real case.
If in Takuji confessed what you have pushed him to do,

it would be very different, wouldn't it?
But... but what does it say now?
Takuji is dead.
Ouch.
Wow.
I heard it on the news.
No, the news didn't say it at any time, that he was dead,
and I didn't say it either.
It... it can't be.
Well, yes, it can be.
In Takuji he is alive, and he is alive thanks to Kogoro Mouri's deductions.
I was very surprised that you, at the beginning,
did not remember the solutions to the riddles.
but you remembered the end of the book,
and I could see that you wanted the case to end up
like the story of the book: with the death of the protagonist.
"The man who had planted the bombs would commit suicide
to end up like the protagonist
of the book his brother had written.
Mr. Mouri saw it coming
and called us to tell us to go to the hideout at Hirukawa
"And get him out of there right away."
(Chiba) "We overtook the police car that was on its way there
and entered through the back door."
"Luckily, we were able to get her out of the building just in time."
And you, who didn't know,
you waited until the police had the hideout surrounded.
and pressed the button on the remote control that detonated the bomb.
I'm sure Mr. Hirukawa
will explain a lot of interesting things to us
when he learns that you took advantage of him
and almost killed him with one of your bombs.
When... you guessed it, it was me?
When you said that Takuji took the galleys from you
because they were his brother's.
-Conan...
-Huh?
Hello!
Look at these pages: this is not a galley proof.
You can tell it's a copy.
The galley proofs of a book are always well aligned, and this is not the case.
If Takuji Hirukawa had wanted a souvenir of his brother, he would have claimed the galley proofs,
he would have claimed the original galleys from him,
but he has told us that he does not have them.
It is not strange,
because the one who has these mysterious original galley proofs is you.
Of course it is,
and I'm sure you have consulted them often to prepare your whole plan,
even if you want to make believe that you didn't know the book well.
Why not?
Because you may not have been the one who planted the bombs, but you are the mastermind behind it,
but you are the mastermind behind this whole plan.
But, finally, I would like to ask you a question.
I would like to know why you didn't give the original galley proofs to Takuji.
Because...
that book was a masterpiece.
I'm an editor and I can't stop being an editor,
and when I see an excellent book, I can't help but admire it.
I couldn't see myself capable of leaving it in the hands of a criminal.
He was able to tear out the pages where the clues were.
It is true that I planned everything,
but I could not destroy the book.
My intention was to publish it later
so that everyone could appreciate it.
Enough of this!
Please be quiet.
You have no right to speak this way.
Whether it is original or in your copy,
How dare you use such a beautiful book
for committing a crime?
The author must be crying wherever.
"Ran..."
Yorisou Futari ni kimi ga oobaarappu.
Ironaki kaze ni Omois hasete.
Furet té no nukumori ima mo...
Stop Jikan wo tomete.
You Itsu no datte
kimi no kotoba wasurenai no.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Aita toki ni AENA.
Setsunakute modokashii.
Karakurenai ni somaru togetsukyou
michibikareru hay negatte.
Kawa no Nagare ni Inori wo komete.
Y've been thinking about you.
Y've been thinking about you.
Itsumo kokoro kimi no soba.

After half a year,
perhaps taking advantage of Mr. Tomonaga's idea, or perhaps not,
the full version of the book was published
was published and he was awarded the Grand Prize for Best New Author.
It was a very fitting recognition
to a man who had the misfortune to die before his time.
But that's another story.
Oysters.
How sick of running up and down I got, this time!
But, on the other hand, I don't remember much about how I solved the case.
All I know is that I'm busted.
But you know what?
When you're that tired, a beer goes down a treat.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Oh, my goodness.
Here we go again.
He-he-he-he!
As usual, isn't it?
It really was a coincidence that we were in London.
Oh! (Laughs)
Oh, was it?
Are you serious?
I wish I could say a sentence like that.
Are you sure, today is the best day?
It's true.
I mean the date.
-Exactly, Friday the 13th.

-This very day is...
Eh?
Ah!
Don't miss the next episode:
"Solving mysteries at Café Poirot, (part one)."

